 Niki and I liked the outdoors a lot. Being amateur photographers, the dawn of the digital age meant we could take hundreds of pictures and not worry about the cost of developing them. Usually we would hike in the many parks and ridges that spanned the Hawaiian Island chain. Being our home, we loved to explore the mountain ranges and valleys that covered our chain of islands. This particular weekend, we were invited to tag along with a group that was flying into a remote valley on the north shore of Kauai. It was officially a state conservation area which meant that no one could go in without permission. 

A friend of mine worked for the state agency responsible for the care of the conservation area and she had invited us to spend the weekend with them as they continued their cataloging of the ancient Hawaiian artifacts that could be found in the area. She knew that we were amateur photographers and loved to hike and camp as well. 

We left Honolulu early Saturday morning getting into Lihue, Kauai as the sun started to peak over the horizon. Armed with only what we could stuff into the largest back pack we could find we hoped from the commercial air carrier to a privately chartered helicopter that would fly us out to Kalalau Valley. The flight took us approximately 30 minutes and took us over some very breathtaking scenery. Niki and I pledged to return later to do some kayaking and camping along the coastline. 

As we made our approach to the valley, our chopper pilot asked if we wanted the staid, "tourist" landing or if we were game for a military "shit-your pants" landing! Not giving anyone a chance to answer, he promptly put us into a roll and dove for the valley floor. 

Bottoming out perhaps 30 feet from the ground then going vertical for half a second before pushing his nose over into the softest landing I've ever been in with a helicopter. The guy was a pro! Wow, that was better then the Twister roller coaster at Knott's Berry Farm! We were laughing, screaming, and cursing the entire time! But tell that to Niki! The poor girl! She was absolutely terrified and screamed the entire descent into my ear while she strangled my arm at the same time! It was amazing that no one threw up! 

After we unloaded the helicopter and set up camp, my friend and her two male colleagues moved off to start their cataloging of an ancient temple site. Niki and I set off with our cameras to explore the general area. Not interested in eating anything for awhile after that helicopter landing, we just took our cameras and water. 

We walked up the south side of the valley floor which transitioned from low land brush and pastoral clearings to rain forest as we moved higher into the valley. It was a bright, sunny day with very few clouds. That made the going hotter and sweatier. After slogging it for more two hours, we called a break and settled down on a great flat boulder next to a fresh water stream. 

The water looked so nice and cool that we decided that it would be a good opportunity to wash the dust and sweat off and to cool down. However, not wanting to get our footwear and clothes wet, and since we had the valley all to our selves, we decided to skinny dip in the stream. 

Not wanting to waste the opportunity, I "helped" Niki disrobe, if you know what I mean! As she grabbed the bottom of her tank top to lift it off, over her head, I ran my hands up along her sides and ended up cupping her beautiful, perky breasts. Niki is a slender goddess whom I really don't deserve. Although she often wonders of what it would be like to have larger breasts, I firmly believe and tell her that she is extremely sexy and beautiful as is! Besides, anything more than a mouthful is a waste!

As I softly caressed her womanly mounds, she moaned and grabbed my hands, pushing them harder into her tits. I rolled her nipples between my finger tips which caused them to enlarge and harden instantly. She ground her ass into my dick which had started to wake up. 

She turned around and pulled my face to her lips. As we shared a light brushing of our lips, then a lust filled kiss, Niki started to unbutton my shorts. I likewise moved to take off my t-shirt and moved to pull Niki's shorts and panties off as well.  

Now sans-clothing and barefoot, we met once again in a hot embrace, kissing each other as if our very existence depended on it. My cock now stood at full attention and had thrust itself between Niki's legs, and lodged itself just below Niki's crotch with her hot nether lips resting on the top of my shaft. I think I died and went to heaven! 

She was so aroused that I could feel her wetness seeping onto my cock. That made it easy to start rocking back and forth between her legs, rubbing the lips of her hot pussy. I could see in her eyes that she was focused on the sensations that were coming from our mutual stimulation. 

"Oh yeah,... oh yeah,... mmmmmmm... " Niki muttered under her breath as I stroked back and forth. Her eyes glazed over as she leaned against my shoulder with her arms around my neck. 

I cupped her ass in my hands and hoisted her up a bit. She reached around my waist with her legs and locked her ankles behind me. She reached down and grabbed my cock and placed it in her opening and I slowly eased her down onto my love pole. 

As I penetrated her, Niki closed her eyes and tightened her arms around my neck. Our lips joined in a crushing kiss. The head of my cock slowly inched in about an inch, then I withdrew just a bit. I moved forwarded another inch, and withdrew. I could feel my cock push over her vaginal threshold and her vaginal muscles trying to wring my dick for all the cum that it could get. 

As my penis slowly made its way into Niki, she started to breath roughly, forcefully exhaling each time I pushed into her. As we bottomed out, Niki held me tight, "Just hold me like this for a few minutes. Oh this feels soooooo good. I just love the feeling of your cock filling my pussy. It just feels so good. Oh yes... " she moaned softly as she tried to grind her pelvis further in to me if that were possible. 

I started to slowly move back and forth in her hot pussy. I could feel her pussy get warmer and incredibly soft and mushy. It was like fucking warm and wet velvet. Niki started to bounce on my cock as I pushed as far into her pussy as possible. I knew I wouldn't be able to hold on much longer. 

Niki held onto me tightly and rubbed her tits on my chest with each up and down movement. "Oh... Oh... Oh... Oh... Oh... AH... AH... AH... Oh YES!!... YES!!" she screamed as she came. I followed a half second later as I thrust my cock as far up into her as I could, and held it there to bath her inner walls with my cum. With each spurt, Niki screamed "YES!... Oh Shit!!... AHHHHhhh... oooooohhhhh... mmmmmm... " as my cumming prolonged her orgasm. 

As we disentangled and I let Niki down off of my spent cock, our combined juices started to leak out of her. I coaxed her to lie down on the boulder and spread her legs as I got in between and spread her labia with my fingers. I ran my tongue from the bottom of her slit up to her clit, which caused Niki to start moaning and jump when I stroked her love button with my tongue. 

I licked up our juices paying particular attention to her love hole. Our combined love juices were seeping out as I tried to lap them up. Before I swallowed, I moved up to Niki and kissed her, sharing some of our juices that I had collected from her vagina. Thrusting her tongue into my mouth, she licked off our combined cum juice, trying to get more with each lick. 

I quickly regained my rigidity however a hard boulder didn't really appeal to me as a place to make love to my Niki. I suggested that we go down into the stream and see if we couldn't use that as a place to carry on our ministrations with each other.

As I placed my foot into the stream, the coolness of the water hit me instantly, sending shivers racing up and down my body. Niki started laughing so hard that she started to cry! Trying to be macho about the whole affair, I straightened up and gamely walked into the stream and lowered myself into the waist deep waters. 

Oh shit, this was cold. My hardon had disappeared and my balls had receded into my body! Before my teeth started to chatter, I told Niki that the water was fine and that she would find it soothing. 

Trying to prove that she could handle it better than I did, she slowly edged into the stream, trying to get accustomed with the cold temperature of the water. Not wanting to wait forever, I walked over to her, picked her up in a cradle carry, and walked her kicking and screaming into mid stream. 

"Don't you dare! Don't you dare drop me in... Aiyeeee! That's cold! You asshole! God that's cold!" I had lowered us both back into the water and held on to Niki while she screamed her head off! 

She wrapped herself around me again, trying to stave off the shivers caused by the cold water. I had to chuckle as goose bumps rose on her arms and legs, and her nipples hardened into steel rivets! Man that water was cold.

As she grew accustomed to the temperature of the water, she slowly lowered herself off my body and bumped into my poor, cold and shriveled dick. Her eyes lite up and her smile turned into an impish grin as she reached down to grab the vestiges of my former manhood! "What's the matter big boy? Too cold for you? Awww, that's too bad cause I was looking forward to giving it a nice, slow pussy massage!" With that, I dunked her completely! 

After a few more minutes of horseplay, we climbed out of the stream and put our clothes back on. We wanted to get a couple of photos in before we ran out of daylight. Gathering our photo equipment and other belongings, we followed the stream further up the valley for another half hour until the climb started to steepen noticeably. We turned around and were pleasantly surprised by the valley scene that unfurled below us with the rainforest transitioning into flat lands, ending with a wide sandy expanse and the big blue ocean. Transecting the picture was our cold stream that broadened out as it neared the beach. We spent a good hour exercising our photo equipment taking what we hoped were beautiful shots.

After packing things back up, we started our climb back down the valley and made good time getting back to camp. As we arrived, we noticed that the survey team had not made it back to camp so we decided to head over to the temple site to see how their work was coming along. As we walked along the trail towards the temple site, we heard my friend and her two male colleagues getting in some play time of their own. 

We snuck up on them and found them in a classic MMF clinch! She was sucking one guy off while the other guy was up to his balls in her pussy from behind. We stayed out of sight and watched as she made both guys unload; one in her mouth and the other deep in her pussy. 

As we watched the ménage a tois, my dick got incredibly hard. Niki stuck her hand down the front of her shorts. I figured she must have been diddling her clit. As they climaxed, I motioned to Niki that we should probably let them have some privacy so we quietly backed out and made our way back to camp.

Our libido was still cranked up several notches from watching the trio perform so we decided to head over to our friendly stream to cool off a bit. Again figuring that getting our clothes wet wasn't such a good idea, we stripped off and wadded into the stream to enjoy the cool currents as they wafted over our bodies.

Settling in a shallow part of the stream against a bank of submerged pebbles and sand, Niki cuddled into my shoulder as we talked about how hot the other three's love making had made us. As we talked, Niki started to stroke my cock which made me hard in an instant. 

We kissed the kiss of lovers as I slowly massaged her breasts and rolled her nipples between my fingers. I had Niki turn around and sit on my pelvis with her back into me, just above my cock. This way I could wrap my arms around her and massage and tweak her beautiful breasts and nipples, and also give her cunt a good hand massage.

I started by kissing down Niki's neck and shoulders. She turned her head into me to take my lips and tongue. As she did, I moved one hand onto her breast and started to massage her beautiful breast. My other hand had moved to her other breast and did basically the same thing although I also started rolling both nipples with my fingers. Niki's tits are sensitive however she loves it when I roll her nipples. She could almost orgasm from a good nipple job! 

As we continued to kiss and try to throw our tongues down each other's throat, I moved my right hand down to her pussy. I slowly ran my finger tips up and down along the outside of her labia. 

Niki started to squirm in my lap as my fingers that were on pussy duty ran their tips along the inside of that precious cunt. I gently separated her nether lips and insert two fingers into her vagina while placing my thumb on her clit. Niki started to hump my two finders and threw her head back as my thumb began to bear down gently on her clit. She spasmed three times before she melted back into my embrace. 

I let Niki cool off and come down off of her orgasmic high for a couple of minutes before I resumed our lovemaking with soft caresses of her clit and labia again. She gasped "so soon... oh that feels good... oh... oh... oh... ummmm... " 

Niki reached down and grabbed my shaft and directed my purple helmet head to the opening of her vagina. I slowly rotated my pelvis upwards which pushed my cock into her pussy. She responded by shifting her weight forward a bit, then dropping her soaking pussy onto my hardon! She leaned back against my chest which allowed me to caress her breasts and nipples. 

This also had the effect of forcing my cock to rub against the roof of Niki's pussy as I moved in and out of that hot, steamy pussy. She turned her lips to me and we were locked in a passionate kiss as I continue to massage her breasts and roll her nipples. 

Niki started to pant as her emotions started to boil, "ha... ha... ha... ah... ah... ah" with each thrust of my hips. I could feel the tingling in my groin as my own orgasm approached. Sensing I was close, Niki leaned forward to brace herself against my thighs. Then she lifted herself off my lap and forcefully slammed her cunt back down on my cock. Again and again she tried to fuck me into the bed of that stream until she came with a thunderous scream! I couldn't have timed it better if I had tried, as I came myself emptying my balls into her womb. It was as if all the sperm and cum I could possibly ever have were pumped through my cock into my precious Niki. 

As we settled back down and cuddled, we heard my friend and her two buddies clap and whistle as they stepped out of the bushes, stripped down and joined us in the stream. Needless to say, their conservation work didn't get done that weekend, necessitating another trip and another lost weekend!