 We were stood in the kitchen. I was making hot drinks for those dinner guests who wanted them. Our bodies were pressed against each other, my right hand sliding over your tight left bum cheek, you murmured “That’s nice.” in my ear, and rubbed my back with your hands.

We kissed quickly, you chuckled and said “I hope no one comes in and catches us like this.”

I laughed, thinking to myself that I really didn’t care if we were caught. My hand continued it’s stroking of your fabulous arse, sliding to the top of your leg, and squeezing, pulling you closer as I hugged tighter. As my hand continued to stoke your bum, our lips met in a hungrier kiss, my left hand moved down to join the right, and pulled you even closer, squeezing your bum.

We stopped kissing. Staring at each other, our lust obvious in the shining of our eyes.

I began to kiss your cheek, and moved downwards, kissing your chin, and then began to nibble and kiss your neck, you squirmed against me, little squeals of delight coming from your throat.

My hands began to lift up your skirt, feeling the hot flesh below, your bare bum fantastic to the touch, as I pulled your skirt up and bunched it at your waist. I moved away from the counter, which I had been leaning against, and lifted you up, your legs wrapped round me. I turned round, and sat you on the edge of the counter.

My lips, worked on your neck, covering you with sweet kisses.

I stopped, and looked at you, your face was flushed, and I looked down, and saw the outline of your erect nipples through your fantastic tight white top.

You smiled as you saw my reaction, and reached to my crotch, pulling me back towards you, kissing me hard, your tongue pushing it’s way into my mouth, as your hand began to rub my already stiff knob.

You put both hands down there, and unzipped my fly, undid the button, and slid my jeans down, grasping my naked arse as the jeans slid to the floor. My dick was straining against the flimsy netting of the thong I wore and you slid one hand back to continue its previous work.

All the while, our tongues had been fighting for supremacy. You slid your hand inside my thong, and grasped my hard erect cock. I shuddered at the contact.

My hands which had been gently kneading your clothing clad breasts continued their work, the left sliding its way down between us until it was rubbing at your clit through your tiny silk e-string panties.

My fingers worked their way under the material of your panties, touching your hot wet flesh. You let out a loud moan, as I slid a finger deep into your moist pussy. Sliding it in and out of your moist channel, stimulating your clit with my thumb as I continued to saw my finger in and out. You shuddered at the exquisite contact, and moaned into my mouth.

You pulled me toward you by my cock. I pulled your panties to one side, and you guided me into your waiting hole.

I moaned with pleasure as my cock slid into you, your hips bucking as I began to slide rhythmically in and out. Our breathing getting louder as we started to reach the full heights of our passion. Our bodies entwining, and becoming one, as we mated for the first time. Our groins grinding together, lubricated by your plentiful juices. As we thrust against each other, the squelching noise of sex was unmistakable. The aroma of sex, tangy and primal, began to invade our senses, and we totally lost control.

My mouth worked its way round your neck, as I continued to pump in and out. Your nails dug into my back, and your hips bucked harder. My thrusts were getting harder, and your moans were getting louder, I stopped kissing your neck, and nibbled your ear gasping. “I’m going to cum, are you getting there?”

Your voice, choked with emotion “I’ll be there just keep going for a few more seconds.” you gurgled.

I continued thrusting, at the same rate. Your body began to shake as you reached orgasm, your head arched back, I kissed your exposed neck, you screamed in total ecstasy, and I threw back my head and shouted “I’m cumming.”

I thrust deep into you, and ejaculated, continuing to thrust as I finished cumming, holding deep inside you as my cock finished jetting its load.

I looked at your face, and noticed you staring over my shoulder, your eyes wide in shock. I looked over my shoulder to see the other dinner guests standing by the dining table staring at us open mouthed, and then I turned round and kissed you on the mouth, running my hands over your breast, as my cock began to slip out of your pussy.

I turned round, looked at them, my limp dripping cock hanging there for all to see, and said, with a smile of satisfaction on my face “Does anybody else want to join our little party?”

And that is another story entirely.