 I knew my ex, Tina, was under a lot of stress. Her dad was dying of cancer, in hospice for his last days, and she was facing the reality of losing the man whose approval was never granted and could never be attained. Tina never grasped that I had loved her unconditionally, and after eleven years of her narcissistic control needs and temper tantrums, I had had enough and walked away. It was the hardest thing I had ever done. We had been divorced three years, and the exchanges of our daughter, Zaida, were getting better. I was being flexible with their needs for time with Tina's dad, while offering to help as I could or as they'd let me. I would never admit it to Tina, but I still loved her deeply. I just couldn't let her control me.

Last night's exchange had been late due to Tina needing to help with her dad, and she was grateful for my flexibility. Zaida has gotten her homework done at my place, and we had good quality time together. Thursday morning, I was appreciating working at home. A quiet morning to get things done. I was about to get my third cup of coffee when someone knocked on my door. That doesn't happen.

It was Tina. She was in tears, and I figured her dad had finally passed.

"Can I come in?" she almost begged.

I agreed, wondering what was up. "What's going on? Is it your dad?"

"He's hanging on, but the pressure is getting to me. I realized that I'm going to be alone. I lost you, and now I'm going to grow old alone." She collapsed into my arms, sobbing. I held her, not knowing what else to do.

"Your mom is still here, and she loves you, B... Tina." I almost called her 'Baby', falling into my old habits and letting my feelings show.

"She's moving back to Odessa. She and Joe are going to get married. They have Dad's blessing, but there are no jobs for me there, and I have no friends. And I threw away what we had."

I wanted to give in and tell her she could come back, but I knew I had to watch out for falling into the trap of being her doormat again. "Hey, we can be friends. Isn't that what we wanted when we split up?"

Tina surprised me when she pulled back, looked me in the eye, and said "No. I want us to be best friends, lovers, and partners." Tina kissed me...hard.

I wasn't thinking, and I kissed her back. Our tongues intertwined, and as she peeled off her jacket, my hands moved to her amazing, 34DD breasts, now heaving as she breathed heavier and pulled me closer. She was wearing a tight white tank-top, with cleavage that went on for miles. She knew it was my favorite. I dove into her cleavage, kissing her breasts and longing to get into her panties. I wasn't thinking anymore. I was turned on, and she knew it.

Tina pushed down her jeans as she kicked off her tennis shoes. My hands went to her ass, and I found that she was wearing a very small, tight white thong.

"Touch me, Jesse. Use my body for your pleasure." She breathed into my ear.

I thrust my hand into her panties and felt her wetness, her smoothly shaved cunt, and heard her pant in my ear. She grabbed my fight pants and pushed them down. Apparently I wouldn't be going to fight class today for my workout. Tina surprised me when she went to her knees as she removed my pants and compression shorts, freeing my cock. She engulfed my cock and sucked hard, pulling me into her mouth. I grabbed the back of her head and began pushing her head into my crotch, loving the feeling of her mouth.

After a few moments sucking my dick, Tina stood up, stepped back, and let me look at her. Small, tight thong, shaved cunt, tight white tank-top that barely held in her tits, and cleavage for miles. She handed me my phone and said "Take a picture. I'm the only woman you'll ever need or want again. I won't let you get away again."

I snapped a few pictures, not really thinking about what was happening.

Tina let me to the bedroom, pulled me on top of her, and pulled her panties to one side, showing me her pussy. She was smiling at me as I pushed against her pussy, wanting inside. She was already wet, and I thrust into her effortlessly. Tina wrapped her legs around me as I kissed her and pushed my cock all the way into her.

"I want us to be a family, a happy family. I'll take care of you and be good to you, Jesse." She whispered into my ear as her pussy clamped around my cock. "I'll wear whatever you want me to and let you fuck me any time you want."

I knew what she wanted, and I didn't wait for her to ask. She wanted to be on top, to ride my cock to orgasm. And I loved watching her climax. I flipped her over, pulling her on top of me, then looked her in the eye and told her what I knew she wanted to do, "Ride me, Tina. Enjoy my cock in your beautiful pussy. And show me your tits."

Tina peeled off her tank-top, her large breasts swinging as they were freed. I grabbed them and pulled her to me, taking her right tit into my mouth. Tina took a deep breath and ordered me, "Oh god, Baby! Suck my tits! Suck me and fuck my pussy!" As I sucked harder, she pushed harder, grinding against my pubis. She was tight and wet, and I wanted to cum inside her. But I also wanted to make it last. I held back as best I could as she grinded her cunt against me, my cock feeling the smooth, wet warmth of her womanhood as I sucked her tits into my mouth. After a few moments of sucking her tits and fucking her, Tina sat up, put her hands on my chest, threw her head back and rode me harder than she ever had when we were married.

"Oh, god, Baby! I love feeling your cock deep in my pussy! Don't ever stop fucking me! I want you to own me, take me, make me yours, use my body!" Her rhythm grew in pace as she neared climax. I massaged her tits, and she pulled my hands deeper into her chest as she lost control. "DON'T STOP FUCKING ME!! Oh, god, Jesse, I love you! I need you! I want you to get me pregnant! FFFFFuuuuuuucccckkkk meeeeee!!" she screamed as her cunt exploded in wetness around my cock and her body shook in ecstasy.

After several moments of quivering, Tina's climax subsided, and she collapsed onto my chest. "I love you, Jesse."

"I always loved you, Tina. I never stopped loving you." I whispered into her ear.

"Did you cum?" she asked.

I shook my head no, then flipped her over onto her back.

"Oh, Dr. Richards, you stud, you! You like being on top of me and inside my panties, don't you?" she winked at me. "Fuck me. Use me. Enjoy me, Jesse. I'll be a good wife to you, I promise."

Tina pulled up her knees, allowing me deeper into her cunt. I pushed hard, building momentum and rhythm. "Oh god, I love it when you let me into your panties, Tina. I love fucking you." She clamped her cunt around my cock as I spoke to her. I was harder than I had ever been.

"You like it when I let you fuck me, don't you?" she smiled as she spoke. "Explode inside me, Dr. Richards. Get me pregnant. Let's have another baby together."

As she spoke, I thrust harder and harder into her, watching her tits bounce with each move, her shaved pussy welcoming my cock, wanting my seed. "I want to get you pregnant, Tina. I want you to carry my seed. You belong to me, and only me."

"Yes, Baby! I'm yours! I belong to you. My body is for your pleasure! And your cock belongs only in my pussy! Get me pregnant!" As she spoke, I lost control, exploding inside her pussy, shooting hot streams of my seed into her womb. My body shook as her pussy milked every drop of cum from my cock. "You made me cum again." Tina announced. "That was 'wedding night in a fancy hotel' good."

As my cock went limp, I rolled off of her and laid down beside her. "Come here. Let me hold you." I ordered.

Tina complied. "Let's have a family dinner tonight, then go to a movie. What do you think?"

I agreed, hopeful but still keeping up my emotional guard. Tina had an amazing body, and was amazing in bed. I didn't want to fall into a trap, but I did want her back.