 Half- naked and giggling she lay across his bed watching him doing some silly dance she had never seen him do before. It was kind of cute to see someone with such a serious side lighten up and laugh especially dance that was a site to see. He had a couple of beers not near enough to be drunk or to even behave this way. It had been a very long time since she had seen this side of Jeff. She was taking it all in too. They had been out for dinner nothing special just something they did once in a while. They did not go out often Jeff was a real homebody sort of guy and was reluctant to go out to do much of anything. So what had gotten into Jeff tonight she could only wonder and of course smile. 

Jeff had been a little silly at dinner joking around with Meg and making comments about the amount of cleavage he saw when she would lean over to pick something up off of the table. Meg noticed of course, it was so out of character for Jeff to notice at all and for sure to say anything about it. Meg noticed that old familiar twinkle in Jeff's eyes, that look she used to see when they first got together. That eyebrow raising "I'm going to get you" look. She had missed his beautiful smile and that look in his eyes. Jeff flirted all through dinner and the ride home. They left the restaurant and headed through the parking lot where the car was parked Meg walked around to her side of the car and started to open the door when she felt Jeff lean into her pressing her against the car door. Meg laughed a little at this and did not resist much when Jeff started kissing on the side of her neck or when he reached around grabbing each tit and gently squeezing. She could feel Jeff's erection against her ass through his jeans and her skirt this excited her. Things started getting a little hot and Meg suggested they get home and take care of this situation. Jeff agreed only after being certain Meg would not let him fuck her right there in the parking lot.

Most of the ride home Jeff had his hand up Meg's skirt and her panties pushed aside she was wet too. At one point Meg even told Jeff to find a place to pull over she was ready and did not want to wait anymore. Jeff and his devilish grin just kept driving the 20-minute ride home almost over. Jeff parked the car in the driveway turned off the motor and shut off the headlights. Meg was nearly in Jeff's lap and pulling at his belt by this time. "Hold on baby just hold on" he said, let's get in the house first. Jeff opened his door and stepped out with Meg right behind him getting out his door as well. Meg headed to the house Jeff followed giving her a swift smack on the ass and he laughed at the disarray of Meg's skirt all sideways and pushed up nearly around her hips. Jeff thinking to himself just how good Meg's ass looked and how sexy her legs were and that she just was a fine looking woman all the way around.

Jeff knew he was hard as a rock and was intent on some serous sex. Meg was always good in bed she knew just what Jeff liked and had a freaky surprise now and then. Sex had not been quite as passionate but it was still good. When Jeff got in the door shut and locked it Meg was nowhere in site. Jeff started down the hall to their bedroom coming through the door just in time to see Meg's red silk panties hit the floor he did not even see her skirt anywhere. She was just standing there now in her blouse that just barley covered her soft mound the buttons were undone about half way down and her matching red silk bra was barley holding in two beautiful tits that were just calling out to him. "My, my look what I have for dessert" Jeff said making Meg smile and giggle just a little bit. "Get your sexy little ass on the bed" Jeff commanded Meg sat on the edge of the bed Jeff walked toward her stopping right in front of her. 

Meg began pulling at Jeff's belt once more, undoing the belt and then the button and finally the zipper. She lifted up his shirt and began kissing his stomach and licking softly she started pulling at his jeans and he stepped back telling her "No I'll do it for you". Meg lay on her side on the foot of the bed and thought how sexy he was and watched him start to unsnap his shirt. The gap in the front of his jeans showed his blue briefs and the outline of what they covered. Meg giggled at the site of Jeff now shaking his hips to imaginary music and working on those snaps. Jeff slowly took his shirt off his movements a little more in control now she watched him dance moving his hips and ass in a most erotic way even his face took a serious look. Jeff stood with his back to Meg now moving slowly and began working his jeans down over his hips holding them so they would not drop to the floor. His ass was always just right to Meg, firm rounded and so smooth the kind of ass that looked good bare or in a tight pair of jeans. 

Jeff let the jeans hit the floor and stepped out of them. Now in only his briefs he continued to dance, moving his pelvis forward and back in a rhythm slow and sensuous. Jeff put his thumbs inside the waistband of his briefs one on each side and slowly moved them down he turned and faced Meg now. She watched as his cock nearly fell right out of the holster and he would slowly pull them back up. She did not think she would be able to take much more of this teasing. "Come over here" Jeff told her. Meg got off the bed and walked toward Jeff until he told her to stop. Jeff stood behind her, pressing against her back. He moved in a gyrating motion rubbing his hard dick against her butt and hips pulling Meg closely against him. Jeff then turned Meg around facing him and took a couple of steps backward. He slowly pulled the briefs down letting them drop to the floor. Jeff walked up to Meg again this time rubbing his hardness against her body, her legs and tummy and holding her hands back each time they reached for it. 

Jeff still dancing moved Meg back across the room and to the bed and set her down on the edge. Jeff rubbed his hip on the side of Meg's warm face and she could feel his dick on the side of her neck and her shoulder. She did not think she could take much more. Jeff would not let her turn her face to his dick she tried he would just tell her "no". Jeff took a step back taking a hold of his dick and slowly stroked it keeping a rhythm with his hips and pelvis he looked right at Meg, right in her eyes. Meg watched this and was mesmerized and as hot as she had ever been. Jeff brushed his dick gently across Meg's lips as she desperately tried to make contact with her tongue. "Please baby I need you". Meg said. Bending over Jeff took Megs left tit into his mouth and his tongue danced around her pink hard nipple then would bite so softly until he would hear her moan. 

Jeff bent down now kneeling between megs parted legs he could smell her she was ready for sex she was ready for him. He licked his way between her tits down her stomach and to her thigh kissing and sucking the inside of her thigh close to her now dripping pussy. Meg lifted her hips as if to place herself in the path of Jeff's tongue. Jeff reached up pushing Meg gently back until she lay flat on the bed. Jeff pulled Meg by the legs stopping when her ass was right on the very edge of the bed kissing from her ankles and slowly up her leg stopping giving equal attention to both legs he worked his way up. Meg had her feet rested against Jeff's shoulders feeling every flicker of his tongue. Jeff put his hands under Meg's ass and guided her she lifted as Jeff kissed and bit gently on the cheeks of her ass it was wet and tasted sweet. Jeff moved a now stiff tongue up the crease of Meg's ass licking and swirling his tongue around in small circles. 

Meg was begging about this time she needed to be fucked real bad and Jeff had her so worked up she thought she would cum just by his licks and kisses. She wanted that tongue across her swollen clit in a bad way he was tormenting her. Meg kept her ass lifted and her feet braced on Jeff's shoulders she felt Jeff's finger glide into her pussy brushing across her clit then taking it out Then doing the same thing again. Meg then felt a slick finger enter her ass and another her pussy moving together in and out Meg released with a powerful orgasm that clamped down convulsing on Jeff's finger tightly. "Yeah baby that's it cum hard", more than just a moan came from Megs mouth now. Jeff paused for a short time until he felt Meg relax and then began working his finger in and out of her ass again and rubbing softly against her clit until he knew she was going to cum again and he stopped. 

Jeff pulled Meg closer so her knees were now bent over his shoulders and back and buried his face in her pussy lapping up her juices. She instantly came again in Jeff's mouth, and then again and again as he continued to work his tongue gently and flat so he would not hurt her he knew her body well inside out and knew what Meg could take and what pleased her. Jeff had his arms wrapped tightly around the front of Megs legs so he could pull her close he cleaned her up with his tongue and waited until Meg was calmer and responding to him again.

By this time Jeff was thinking about fucking. Meg was always tight after she would cum like that and would grab onto him and just milk him. "Turn over babe" Jeff said helping Meg turn onto her stomach. Meg was on her hands and knees with her ass facing Jeff with her legs so close to the edge of the bed they were hanging over a little. Jeff walked up behind Meg, easily sliding his dick inside her and felt her clamp down while she let out a little cry and backed up to get a little more inside her. Jeff grabbed onto Megs hips and began pumping steady and with increasing speed. Jeff threw his head back and closed his eyes and felt the sides of his dick wiped clean with each stroke she was wrapped tight on him. Meg was lubed fine and he loved fucking her this way. Just as Meg started making that little sound she makes when she is about to cum Jeff picked up the speed and began pumping harder until she again came. Jeff reached up grabbing Meg's hair pulling hard against it allowing her no room to pull away from him.

When Jeff knew that Meg had finished her exploding orgasm he continued to stand behind her, now rubbing her back and neck kissing her sides feeling her relax. Now Jeff decided it was time for him to get some relief, as he knew Meg was completely satisfied. Meg needed loved easy now more gently since her body was so sensitive yet she was still willing and in need of Jeff. Jeff assisted Meg in lying across the center of the bed lowering himself on top of her kissing her telling her how much he loved her. Meg opened her legs and Jeff entered her slowly hearing Meg's little sigh. He was motionless for a few seconds feeling the little spasms Meg's pussy was still having. He began to move slowly easing himself up and down Meg moved to meet Jeff's movements. 

Meg had her legs wrapped tightly around Jeff's hips and her arms around his neck pulling herself tighter against him. Jeff increased the rhythm fucking Meg harder now she responded to his thrusts with moans and another orgasm. Jeff slipped his arms under Meg's legs they were once again on his shoulders she was wide open for him now and he began pounding forcefully leaning in bending Meg's knees down closer to her shoulders he pumped harder and faster. Jeff could feel Meg bury her fingernails into his back and was pretty sure she had drawn blood. Jeff kept his rhythm and could not hold back anymore he felt as if he had discharged a shotgun he could feel his hot cum blasting inside of Meg her pussy was on fire.

Jeff lowered himself and lay beside Meg wrapping her up in his arms just feeling her heavy breathing and sweet sex smell. Meg was smiling recalling the silly little dance that Jeff had done and feeling totally in love.