 Caitlin walks into her gym with purpose and a sense of relief. Her workday was beyond stressful and she needs to burn off some of that stress if she hopes to get any sleep tonight. 

There's nothing like benching and power squats to push work frustrations out of her mind. She always enjoys going to the gym this late when no one is around. The mornings are so full of Crossfit wannabes it's hard to maneuver around all the box jumping and heavy rope workouts. Crossfit, the polar opposite of Fight Club. The first rule of Crossfit: never fucking shut up about Crossfit.

After her sets she makes her way to the treadmill. A couple of miles of cooldown and she'll happily go home tired. Looking down at the main floor she sees that the gym is empty except for that one guy. That one guy. That one guy that she can't help but sneak glances at during her workouts. That one guy that seems to do the same until they do make eye contact and can only look away in embarrassment. That one guy that looks up at her now with purpose and waves a friendly hello. She smiles and waves back. Two night owls burning away life's frustrations in the only means available to them.

The treadmill beeps that she's done her mileage and she settles to a measured walk. The sweat feels good. Her body feels loose and she looks forward to the shower. There's something about a warm shower after her workouts that always comforts her. The flow of hot water surrounding her as it runs down every part of her body entices her. If only she could share that with him. 

With no more excuses to steal glances Caitlin takes her time to walk to the locker rooms. As she does a moment of courage inspires her. Just a moment that she could end up regretting later or look back in embarrassment. She reminds herself that inaction is often what she regrets so steals herself and looks behind to see if he's looking her way. As she does she catches him staring at her ass before he looks up to meet her gaze. She smiles a knowing smile at him before he returns it. She dares to give him a wink to see if he'll be enticed to be bold himself.

Caitlin exaggerates the sway of her hips and slows her walk to a deliberate pace to make sure he knows the show is intended for him. 

She nears the locker room doors and impulsively enters the men's locker room. Maybe he'll think it's a mistake but hopefully he'll realize it's an invitation. She undresses and leaves her clothes on the bench. Caitlin walks to the shower and runs the hot water to warm it. She flushes with anticipation. Will he understand? Will he accept? She enters the shower and leaves the curtain open. Her back to the door as she lets the warm water envelop her. 

She doesn't know if he's entered the locker room. She doesn't know if he's watching her now. But she hopes. Caitlin lathers her tight body and imagines him lusting after her as she arches her ass towards him. She spreads her legs a bit to give him the lewdest possible visage. She imagines his naked form excited and hard to see her wanting him, inviting him to join her.

Does she look back? Does she dare to risk breaking this fantasy with the cold facts of reality? Can't she just hope, dream of this for a while longer?

And then she feels the lightest of touches on her shoulder. She closes her eyes and hopes. The touch becomes heavier and is joined by a hand on her hip. Caitlin sighs a breath of desire and dares to open her eyes. She turns her head to see that guy staring back at her with pure lust in his eyes. His lips are parted slightly as he leans his body into hers. She meets his lips with hers and moans her acceptance of him.

He slides both hands to her hips. She steadies herself with one hand on the wall and the other on his ass. 

He moves his cock to her awaiting pussy. He guides it there with one hand and teases her entrance with the head of his cock.

She raises her ass as much as she can wanting him, needing him to enter her. This is the moment. She is so turned on. Her body is tingling with anticipation and buzzing with desire.

He slowly pushes in. A deep guttural groan comes from him. A breathless exhale escapes her body. She loves this. She feels his strength and desire in her core. She really loves this. She feels the hardness and hunger in her pussy.

He drives slowly at first and is steady in his fucking. She matches his rhythm and loves the fullness he brings. 

She feels her excitement growing. The pleasure building from her core that is causing tingling all along her body. Every touch sends waves of pleasure only enhancing her desire for him.

His caressing of her nipples causes wondrous sensations throughout her body. His moans, the way he rubs his hands up and down her back, the way he squeezes her ass, all of it drives her to greater and greater heights.

He grabs her hips with purpose and is more insistent in his fucking. The thrusts of his cock as well as the hot water running down her clit drives her to the edge of bliss. She keeps perilously close to the edge of orgasm as his relentless fucking resonates through the showers.

She's on the edge, so close, she feels her body nearing its bliss. She lives for this moment. The moment when her orgasm is inevitable and there's nothing that can stop it. Caitlin surrenders to the inevitable as her body suddenly spams with a ferocity she didn't know her body possessed. 

"Oh Godd, Oh Shittt, YESSS!"

Hearing this only propels him to drive harder into her. The release feels exquisite as her body clamps down on his cock. The relentlessness of his fucking is beyond her hopes as her body continues to orgasm through his fucking. The waves of pleasure keeps crashing as her body starts to fatigue under its embrace. Caitlin pushes back in time with his thrusts until she hears his desperate groans of pleasure. He grips her ass hard as he thrusts deeply one more time cumming with a passion. 

Caitlin smiles. This was so wonderful. So much more than what she was hoping for when she came in that night. This man she has never spoken to pulls out of her and gently turns her around. They look deeply into each other's eyes before sharing a tender kiss and a warm embrace.

"Hello, I'm Brandon." he finally says with a smile.

"Hello Brandon. I'm relieved it was you that walked through those doors."