 It had been a long day at work. I had snapped at several people for no reason and everyone was pretty much avoiding me. I was in serious need of some stress relief. To top everything off, I had to work late because someone else didn't show up. I was looking for something to keep me busy when you walked in the door. My thoughts suddenly moved in an entirely different direction from work.

I breathed in deeply as I always do when you approach me. There is something about your scent that tantalizes me. It's not just the cologne you wear; it's the heat from your body that draws me in. You laid your hand on my shoulder while you talked to me and shivers ran down my spine. Moments before the office had seemed cool but now my body felt as if someone had lit a fire under my desk. I was getting uncomfortably warm and I tried not to squirm in my chair as I listened to your voice.

"How has your day been?"

I looked up and smiled. "Pretty bad until you walked in. Now everything seems inconsequential."

You laughed and asked me a few more questions before heading to your office. When you were out of sight I picked up a few sheets of paper from my desk and started fanning myself. One of my coworkers walked in and asked me if something was wrong. She and I are pretty comfortable with each other so I replied to her honestly.

"Nothing much, just a serious hormone surge brought on by that good-looking man next door."

She laughed and said, "So why don't you go do something about it!"

I protested and made up excuses. She had known for some time that I was attracted to you and had been watching the two of us when we interacted. My major concern was that any advance I made would be rejected. She assured me that I was wrong, that she could see you were interested. She teased me until I agreed to go talk to you, to feel out the situation in the privacy of your office. She said she would cover my desk while I was gone and urged me to take my time.

I first went to the restroom to check my appearance. My face was slightly flushed and my eyes were bright. I wet a paper towel and blotted my face and neck trying to cool myself a little. I had worn a dress today and stood there looking at myself in the mirror, criticizing the bulges I could see. I almost talked myself out of going to see you but then told myself "what the hell." I pulled my underwear off from beneath my dress, rolled them up in a paper towel, and stuffed them in the trashcan. I hoped that no one would find them! I left the restroom and headed towards your office, conscious of the moist heat between my thighs as I walked. I was certain that you would be able to smell the sexual excitement coming from my body.

I came to a stop at your office door and again considered not going through with this. As I stood there, your door suddenly opened and there you stood. There was a look of surprise on your face momentarily and then you smiled.

"Can I help you?" You asked what was a seemingly innocent question that my erotically charged body pulsed in response to.

"Oh, I hope you can." I responded with a smile.

You stepped back and let me walk in the door. I walked past you into the office and heard the satisfying click of the door as it closed. I knew your door locked automatically and that no one would disturb us with it closed. I moved deeper into the office, around the divider to your desk and leaned against it. You sat down in the desk chair and looked at me inquiringly.

"What can I do for you?"

I stood silently for a moment and then my words broke free as if someone else were speaking for me.

"Well, I had in mind a round of hot, uninhibited, stress-relieving sex."

You sat there for a moment with a shocked expression before you spoke.

"What???"

Embarrassment immediately washed over me and I turned away. "Uhm…never mind. Pretend I didn't say that."

I started to walk away. You rose from your chair and grabbed my arm, pulling me around to face you. "Did you say what I thought you said?" You asked me while preventing me from moving away.

"Please," I asked while avoiding meeting your eyes. "Just forget I said anything and let me leave."

"Maybe I don't want to forget what you said." You responded.

I looked up into your eyes in amazement. I honestly hadn't expected you to be interested. You moved in closer, backing me up against the wall, pressing your body against mine firmly.

"Maybe I've been waiting for you to say something like that for a long time."

My body trembled with excitement. You slowly lowered your head and kissed me softly. That was all the invitation I needed and I sighed softly before raising my lips to yours again in a kiss that expressed all of the passion that I had been withholding for so long. Our tongues met in an erotic duel for power. You slid your hands down my back to cup my ass and pulled me hard against your growing erection. I groaned softly and wrapped my arms around your neck, deepening the kiss.

You worked my dress slowly up my thighs until your fingers rested on bare skin. You slid a hand between our bodies and discovered my other surprise.

"You're not wearing any panties."

"No…I took them off…I was hoping…"

You kissed me again as you slid a finger into the heat between my thighs.

"You're so wet…"

"It's because of you…you excite me so much." I pushed myself against your hand as I spoke.

Conversation became nearly impossible. I worked my hands between our bodies and freed your hard cock from the restraints of your clothing. I slid a hand up and down your length slowly, squeezing gently. My thumb slowly slid over the moisture at the tip and circled around the head of your cock slowly in a movement that I knew would stimulate you intensely. You thrust against my hands at the same moment you thrust two fingers deep within my moist heat. I cried out softly with the pleasure.

"Please…" I whispered.

"Are you sure?" You asked while you slowly thrust and withdrew your fingers.

I tightened my inner muscles around your fingers and you groaned. Your cock pulsed beneath my hand. I squeezed and stroked you in rhythm with your fingers sliding in and out of my pussy.

"Yes…now." I gasped when you withdrew your fingers quickly.

You raised my right leg, sliding your arm beneath my knee, exposing the hot, wet opening of my body to the head of your cock. You slid yourself back and forth over my clit, stimulating me even further.

"Please…" I asked again and was rewarded when you slowly began to enter me.

"You're so tight…hot…" You spoke brokenly as you slid deeper within.

"It's been a long time." I gasped out the words.

"How long?"

"Years…" I managed to breathe out before you suddenly thrust hard and deep.

Your lips covered mine at that moment, barely catching the cry that erupted from me when you filled me completely. You thrust repeatedly, driving my pleasure higher with every stroke. Somehow I had managed to wrap both legs around your waist while you gripped my ass cheeks with both hands and drove me against the wall with your cock filling me. Your pelvic bone rubbed against my clit with each movement bringing me closer and closer to orgasm.

My hands gripped your shoulders hard and I arched my back to take you even deeper as the spasms started to rip through my body. I could feel myself tightening around your cock with every thrust. I cried out as my orgasm washed over me, tingling sensations running through my limbs as you thrust hard again and again. Wave after wave of pleasure coursed through me as you plunged deeply within and exploded with your own orgasm. I could feel your heat pouring into my body as you rotated your pelvis against mine, holding your cock hard within me. Our bodies pulsed against one another, coming down slowly from our mutual climaxes.

You kissed me softly as our breathing returned to normal. You gradually withdrew, holding me against the wall until I was sure my legs would hold me. You backed away and straightened your clothing while I slid my dress back down my thighs. When you finished buckling your belt you looked up at me.

"What are you doing after work today?"

"I don't know," I responded. "Do you have something in mind?"

You grinned and said "I think we can come up with something creative."

"Sounds good to me!"