 It’d been a long day at the office. One of those days you just want to come home, grab a cold beer, sit on the couch and veg for the next few hours. Stress from work was really starting to get to me, and I was looking forward to having nothing occupy my mind for a while. I don’t live with my girlfriend, but lucky for me she was going to be coming over soon.  I was hoping to give her my sad-sack work story, and have her make me something for dinner. 

When she arrived, I could tell she sensed my tension by the way she was talking. To be honest, I really appreciated it and knew I could use an evening of ‘babying’. After putting her bag in the bedroom, she came out to where I was laying on the couch, “Rough day at work?”

“Like you wouldn’t believe! I just can’t wait until we get past this transition period.”

“Well, just stay here on the couch and let me take care of you. Can I get you a drink?”

“Oh, yeah, sure hon, that would be great.” I knew this wasn’t the kind of night she wanted but sometimes you just don’t have control over things.

I heard the familiar clicking of ice in the shaker and knew she was making me a martini. She was here 5 minutes and she knew exactly what I needed. I swear, sometimes, she knows me better than I know myself. My body seemed ready to settle down and take the hint, so my eyes closed as I lowered my head to the couch’s arm rest. 

“Well, work’s over and now it’s MY time,” I could hear her tease from the kitchen. I knew it was unfair to bring my work stress home and I really hated to do so. I hoped I could have this drink and leave it all behind.

I felt her lips brush my forehead and my eyes opened. I was met with the sight of her holding my martini wearing only her panties and bra. She was the same girl that walked in front of me just moments ago but it was like she was just registering in my brain. God, she was beautiful. Her short cropped hair framed her face like a masterpiece. Her bra was a light blue cotton and matched her thong panties. She always wore thongs, and I loved it. She had the most perfect heart shaped behind and it was the centerpiece of a wonderfully curvy body that oozed classic voluptuous sex appeal.  

A smile cracked my lips and tension melted into the couch. 

“Well, we’ll just have to figure out a way to make you forget about all that,” she cooed. 

I already had.

She took her own drink and sat down across the couch from me with one leg tucked under her and her other leg drawn up close to her body.

“You’re gorgeous hon. You know that?” I asked. Her only response was a modest smile.

“So, how about you take a sip of that drink and we’ll deal with that stress of yours.” It wasn’t a question so much as a suggestion.

“What do you have in mind?” I inquired.

“I bet your back could use a nice rub down. Why don’t we put some music on, lower the lights and I’ll heat up some massage oil.”

As she got back up off the couch and walked to the back hallway to grab the oil I had a perfect view of her from behind. Her ass swooshed left and right as she walked away and I could have sworn she was adding a bit of tease to her stride. 

“Actually, why don’t we hop in the shower first and soothe those muscles with some hot water?” she asked over her shoulder. That sounded good to me!

I took a sip from my martini as I walked towards the bathroom. Placing my glass on the sink, I turned on the faucet in the shower and adjusted the heat. She always liked a hot shower while I preferred them cooler, but seeing as this was to relax my muscles, I figured the heat would be good for me.

I had just gotten the temperature right and was taking of my clothes when she came into the bathroom. This time she was completely naked and had a few of the candles from my bedroom clutched to her bosom. As my gaze moved down her body I could see that she must have just shaved either earlier today or the night before. She always keeps her pubic hair trimmed but every once in a while, she’ll shave it completely off. She knows I absolutely love it and she likes the way it increases the sensation when we make love.

“I put the oil in the bedroom for later and decided we could use these in here. I hope you don’t mind?”

“Of course not,” I said with a smile.

After the candles were lit and placed around the bathroom, we climbed into the shower. The water was scorching but after a short time my body got used to it. She took the soap, worked it into a full lather and started to massage it into my skin. “Just let all that work-tension leave this sexy body,” she teased.

She turned me around so my back was to her and she had me lean my head forward under the water. Feeling her fingers run across my scalp felt so good. Suddenly, her fingers locked into my hair and she gently pulled my head back towards her. 

Placing her face next to my ear, she whispered, “This is my time, and the water’s not the only thing that’s hot.”

I felt her lips softly pressing into the side of my neck before grinding hard into my skin. I immediately turned to face her and pulled her close to me. Lowering my head, our lips met. I could feel her tongue probe past my teeth and begin to play with my own. As my left arm curled around, pulling her closer, my right hand reached down to grab her ass. 

My kisses moved from her lips to her neck, down to her collar bone and then back up to her ear. She responded by digging her hands into my hair and allowing soft moans to escape her throat. My hand continued to knead her behind and I knew I had to have more. Without words, our embrace parted and I spun her around so that her back was facing me. Pulling her to me, my lips found her shoulders, then her back.

I began to push her body towards the back wall of the shower. I felt her hands brace herself against the wall, her body at a slight lean. Perfect. My kisses began to move towards her spine and then down her back. My own body lowered until I was squatting in the shower with my hands resting on her hips. I started kissing the small of her back and then just above the crack of her ass in that perfect little triangle of skin. Hearing her sighs above me, my hands moved to massage each of her butt cheeks. My tongue began to explore, trailing lower and she pushed her hips back towards me encouraging me to continue. It wasn’t often, but now and again she really enjoyed rimming and, when in the mood, I’m always happy to oblige. Thankfully, this was one of those times and as my hands pulled her cheeks a part, my tongue continued its exploration.

Her hips continued to gyrate back into my face and from the sounds of her moans I could tell that she was really getting into it. One of her hands moved down between her legs and began to play with her clit. My tongue ferociously lapping and prodding, my left hand moved to allow me to begin playing with her pussy. I slid a finger in slowly and her groans increased. 

“Oh god, baby,” I could hear her exclaim above me. “Oh yeah, lick my ass, baby. That’s it.”

I grunted in response.

My tongue continued and my finger slowly eased its way in and out of her as I felt her hand working vigorously on her clit. “I want to feel you inside me. Uhhh, yeah, I want you in my pussy right now!!” she screamed out.

After a moment, I stood back up and my hands grabbed her waist. Pulling her hips back, she leaned her upper body forward. “Oh, yeah baby, put it in me.”

My cock had long been hard and I slowly rubbed it over her crotch and teased her before slowly pushing it in. A relieved groan escaped me, letting her know how good it felt and she responded by pushing back towards me, forcing my cock in deeper.

“You are so hot baby. God it feels so good.”

I continued to pump my cock into her and after building up a smooth rhythm, it was as if everything became louder. I strangely seemed more away of everything around me. The water cascading on my back, the sound of our skin slapping, the hard breathe coming from our mouths. It all pushed me towards release.

“Oh yeah, fuck me, fuck me hard. But don’t cum,” she demanded. “I don’t want you to come yet. I want you between my legs.”

Going down on her is always my favorite, especially after she shaves. It seemed like she enjoyed my tongue so much the first time she wanted more. I wasn’t worried about not getting to come. She’s always looking out for me and I knew if I made her happy, she’d make sure I was doubly so.

Pulling my cock from her pussy, I immediately moved down to my knees. Turning her body to face me again, she opened the shower door slightly so that she could rest her foot on ledge. This opened up her legs for me and I could see the wetness of her and knew it wasn’t just from the water. 

I dove to taste her and found myself in heaven. She tasted so good and with a treat like this, I didn’t care if she ever made dinner tonight. My tongue began to alternate between diving between her lips and flicking across her clit. She placed her hand on the back of my head and pulled me tightly into her. Her smooth skin was so soft, so gentle on my face. As she pulled my face closer, my mouth could only envelope her bulging clit and my tongue continued its ministrations.

“Oh yes, oh yeah… Oh god!!” Her moans continued.

I continued to concentrate on her clit and my tongue danced to the music her groans were making. I could hear her get closer to orgasm. Finally, I felt her body convulse as she came and my tongue began to dive into her pussy as deeply as possible to taste her sweet nectar. As she began to come down from her release, her hand eased up from my head. As her body began to relax, I continued to use my tongue to taste every last bit of her that I could.

I pulled back to looked up at her and I could see the satisfied look of a woman who got what she wanted.

“You do that so well, baby.” I couldn’t help but smile. “Now stand up. It‘s your turn.”

We switched positions and she moved down, wrapping her mouth around my manhood. With everything that had gone on to this point, I knew I wouldn’t last long but it would quality over stamina tonight. She wrapped her hand around the base of my cock and began to stroke it to the rhythm of her lips. “Oh, yeah, baby. Oh, honey.”

After a few moments, she lifted her lips from my cock, while allowing her stroke to continue. I felt the flick of her tongue along the underside of my cock, just below the head. It was driving me wild and I was ready to cum. “Oh god, I’m going to cum,” I warned.

Her head moved back as she pleaded, “Come on baby, cum all over my chest. Come for me baby.”

Her words pushed me to the edge as her fist pumped my cock. I began to come all over her chest and neck. “Oh yeah, baby, that’s it, cover me in your cum.” She continued to stroke me until the last of my orgasm hit her body.  When she had squeezed the last drop of cum from my cock she placed her mouth around it and gave me one last stroke with her lips. 

“Ummm, baby, that was wonderful. I love watching you cum,” she said as she stood back up. She put her arms around me pressing her cum covered chest into mine.

“You were wonderful sweetheart. Thank you. I think you can treat my stress anytime.”

“I expect the same kind of treatment when I need it,” she stated as she moved us back under the water to clean ourselves again.

Her words reminded me that earlier I was stressed out, tense and only wanted to spend the evening on the couch. I’m so glad she had other ideas…..