 It's not something I'd usually do, but there was a massage salon advertised in the paper and I'd had a pretty stressful week so I thought I'd see what I could have. not knowing anything about massage really, I opted for the Swedish massage which sounded the more fun. 

I'd booked in and had a slot for just after lunch. I'd taken the day off and had been loafing about with nothing to do so I'd been looking at some sites online and getting a little horny.

I went in and waited before getting called in. The girl on the reception told me to go to the second door and just head in.

I did and was greeted by a sexy pair of legs and an immaculately dressed lady all in white. I stood there not knowing exactly what to do. She told me to start to undress and put a towel on. This all seemed rather one-sided to me but I did as I was bidden and sat on the bench in the most skimpy towel. She turned to face me and looked surprised and checked the booking. I thought maybe she was a little scatty but something seemed amiss to me though I couldn't put my finger on it. I put it down to my still being horny and failing to do anything about it. She looked fantastic and her body was mesmerising in that smock she was almost wearing. There was clearly a cotton shortage in this place.

I lay down at the touch of her cool hand on my shoulder and she asked me whether this was something I'd done before. She seemed very familiar but I suppose if you see someone wearing just a towel, you're not going to be too formal, especially if you're job is to make them as relaxed as possible. As I answered her that it was just a spur of the moment thing, she trailed her hand down my chest, over my belly and down to my groin, a curious smile on her face. I thought that seemed odd but maybe a Swedish massage is more holistic than rubbing your shoulders and back. She was the professional here after all.

Pouring some oil from a bottle that she balanced on the bench, she looked down at me and began to rub it firmly and unsparingly into my skin. I felt like I could melt in her hands and gazed back at her like some besotted teenager. She now had me lie on my front so she could do my back and addressed me by my name. That got me thinking. I didn't know that it was such a personal service and there was something familiar, a nagging feeling.

As I lay with my face pressed through the hole in the padded bench, I thought about where I'd seen her before. She was gorgeous which made me think that maybe I'd just taken an instant liking to her. My position was becoming uncomfortable at the thought of her pressing and unknotting my back with her soft hands all over my body. I was starting to get very turned on and i could hear her breathing by my ear and felt a brush of hair against me. I could have sworn I heard her moan slightly as she moved the towel and began to knead my buttocks slowly and deliberately.

Her fingers trailed down to my legs which were slightly apart, doing pathetic job of attempting to hide my balls which where balanced on my semi erect cock. She saw this and said "I didn't realise you were enjoying this so much. you've been very quiet... we'd normally be chatting". 

She had a point so I asked her what her name was. She told me and I said that I thought that seemed a coincidence because I knew a masseuse called... wait!

I propped myself up on the bench and looked round as the cogs in my head started to turn. It was her - clearly - and I was lying naked in front of her as she felt the length of my body. I'd not noticed the name badge which would have made me twig immediately. As I leant round more, my dick shot forward much to her amusement. All professionalism gone, she reached for it and giggled. As I lay there, a bit of towel still on my hip, she moved in close and we kissed. I'd never imagined this would happen - this wasn't billed as the type of massage parlour you've heard about - it was a salon, not a knocking shop. This was meant to be a legitimate place but it was the workplace of one of the most randy women I'd the pleasure of talking to... and she was holding my hot hard cock and kissing me.

I reached forward and unbuttoned her smock. She was wearing a black bra underneath and i could see her nipples, hard as bullets trying to burst through. Unhooking and losing the bra, she let her tits fall out in front of me and positioned my dick between them. With a fine movement, she gave me the most unexpected and fantastic tit-wank I've ever had and every time my dick peaked, she licked the tip. I couldn't take much more of this so I reached her neck and she took this to mean I wanted more. My dick pushed into her mouth as she looked at me, her eyes greedy for me. She'd been planning this from the moment she recognised me and i was totally up for playing along... I'd wanted to fuck her from the moment we started chatting online. But this was actually happening!

I reached forward and pushed my hand inside her waistband as she rubbed the length of me, looking down at me lustfully. Her knickers slipped away from her soft skin as i pushed forward to her sensual slit. Her pussy was soaking and i slipped my finger along the slit before plunging it inside. She was positively soaking and i probed as far as i could. I pulled my hand back, finding her clit and rubbed the swollen nub with my juiced-up finger. She pushed back against my touch, swaying slightly with the feeling. I was dead on the mark so I stood up, my dick out in front with her holding onto it for support. Stripping off her clothes to match my naked state, I lifted her up and opened her legs.

I had some catching up to do and resolved to keep licking her until she melted! I took in the aroma of concentrated juices that had been stewing since I'd walked in. She must have been so turned on and waiting for me to react, knowing all the time who I was but not giving anything away. I licked along the length, almost touching her arsehole, taking in the taste of her. I couldn't have wanted for more: I had to burrow my tongue inside her. Her hole wrapped around my tongue as she spasmed slightly. I felt the strength of that and decided to use a finger. Two, in fact. They pushed in, circling and rotating as I concentrated on the pink point she'd enjoyed me playing with before. I flicked my tongue on her clit and pushed down on it, pressing firmly, my fingers all the while pushing in and out of her gorgeous hole.

As she came in a massive wave, I felt I needed to enter her. I positioned myself in front of her, pushing the tip against her still spasming hole the lips spread as I pushed in, the warmth of her hit me as I pushed in just a few inches, testing the water. I pushed in further letting her feel the girth. She pulled forward, grabbing my hips, forcing herself into me wanting - needing - it all.

I leant forward and our tongues flicked as I shot in and out of her, her tits bouncing lightly with the force of my stroke. Her nails pushed along the sides of my body and I felt her clawing at me but I was so turned on that I felt the pain but took it without reacting which only seemed to incite her do it again. My back was in a state but I pulled her up and carried her, still on me, over to the wall. With her pushed against it, I rammed home over and over as she raked her nails down my back. She was shaking so much, I thought she would collapse on me so I lowered her down and we fucked on the floor in the oil which had tipped over, slipping and sliding. With our animalistic rutting, we must have been making a right racket but we kept going lost in the moment. I was not far off and I pulled myself out of her and she grabbed my stiff sticky cock and took it in her mouth. As her tongue lapped at the base of my helmet, I came what felt like torrents into her mouth. She swallowed it up and, sniggering, wagged her finger at me and said: "Now we wouldn't want to make a mess would we?" 

I might not have had much of a massage in the end, but I couldn't deny that I was totally relaxed.