 I've been a little on edge, and have needed a little stress relief. Little did I know that when I asked for it, exactly what I'd be getting. 

I laid my head back on the edge of the hot tub, and sighed as the warm water moved around me. I let my entire body relax, forgetting all the things that had been weighing on my mind, forgetting everything except the way the jets moved the water across my body and the faint hum they made. This was definitely worth checking myself into a suite at the hotel – an in-suite hot tub. This was my reward to myself – a day and night of not taking care of anyone but me. I reached out to grab the glass of wine I'd poured for myself and enjoyed the contrast of the cold liquid against my lips to the warm water lapping around my shoulders. 

I sat there, contentedly listening to the music coming from the cd player next to the hot tub. The soft glow of candles around me, their soft vanilla scent, relaxed me even more. I stretched and settled myself further into the tub, letting it reach my chin for a moment, then sitting up again so I could rest my head on the edge again. 

My phone rang, and I cursed myself for not turning it off, and if it hadn't been lying right beside me, I wouldn't have answered it. But I guess that's why I'd brought it and left it sitting so easily accessible, so that I could answer it. Damn but I hated that I felt the need to answer it all the time. I was frustrated that my lazy afternoon was interrupted until I flipped it open and saw who it was.

"Hey," I answered on a sigh.

"Hey, what's up? Busy day today?" He asked. 

I smiled to myself, hoping that meant he had some free time and wanted to spend it with me, "As a matter of fact, I'm NECK DEEP right now. In a hot tub that is."

"You're what?"

"Up to my shoulders in warm, swirling water, with nothing but a bottle of wine to keep me company."

"Do you want to keep it that way? I'd make it worth your while if you were interested."

"Oh, I suppose, as long as you are nice – I'm relaxing today."

"What if I promise you that before I leave you'll be so relaxed, so satisfied, you won't be able to move. Can I come by then?"

"Mmmmm, sounds good to me," so I quickly told him where I was, and settled back down into the tub and smiled as I thought about him. I had no doubt that he'd do exactly what he promised, and then some. I finished the glass of wine that I had poured, and was just reaching to pour myself some more when I heard a knock at the door. I sighed my reluctance to move, but grabbed a plush robe, and wrapping it around me, I opened the door to let him in.

"You weren't kidding, you were in the hot tub," he said as he walked in.

"Mmmhmmm, and it is where I'm going back to, wanna join me?" I dropped the robe and slid back into the warm water, not waiting for an answer. I looked up to find him standing over me, just watching me. "What, you don't want to get in?" I asked.

"No, I do, you just look like you are really enjoying yourself, I didn't want to interrupt."

"Oh, no. You promised me complete relaxation and satisfaction; you'd better get your ass over here and live up to my expectations."

"Is that right?" he laughed, but as I looked up again, he was peeling his shirt off and then pulling his jeans off. I closed my eyes and leaned my head back again, pretending indifference. I felt the water shift as he climbed in, and he grabbed my foot and started slowly rubbing his thumb up and down the sole, I sighed my appreciation. "So, are you going to just lay there with your eyes closed all afternoon?"

I smiled, as I opened one eye and peered across to him, and asked, "Why, is there something else I should be paying attention to?"

I only had time to gasp for air as he grabbed my ankle and pulled me farther into the hot tub, sending my head below the surface of the water. I came up sputtering, and found myself on my knees in front of him. "Damn you," I spat as I pushed my now very wet hair out of my face.

"You seem to be saying that to me an awful lot lately."

"Well, you deserve it," and instead of settling myself back across from him, I leaned forward, planting my hands on either side of him, and kissed him at the base of his neck, slowly working my way up 'till I got near his ear, then I turned and bit his shoulder. "Damn you."

He just laughed, but he put his hands on my hips and pulled me up so that I was straddling him. I put my hands on his shoulders to steady myself, then pressed myself closer. I slowly rotated my hips, and then again, and looked up into his eyes and smiled. I ran my fingers up so that I could tangle them in his hair, and never breaking his gaze, I whispered, "Fuck me, please."

"Are you sure? I could tease you for an hour or so, after all anticipation is half the fun."

"What part of fuck me NOW don't you understand? You've been teasing me for weeks now. Fuck me now, please." 

"Well, since you said please," and he grabbed my hips and with a quick movement, I could feel him pushing into me, slowly settling me down onto him. When he was buried completely inside of me, I pushed up onto my knees, sliding up until only the head was still inside of me, then I let my weight push back down so that I was filled again.

"Oh, yes, this is what I want," I mumbled, and went back up on my knees again. This time after I pushed back down, I leaned back so that my head was floating on top of the water, and let him take control. He held onto my hips and moved slowly in and out of me, and leaned over to lick his way up my stomach, to tease my nipples. Just as he reached one nipple, and sucked it completely into his mouth, he moved his hand, and began rubbing my clit with his thumb. I pushed harder against him, bucking my hips as I came. 

He pushed me away from him, and I whimpered a protest as he pulled me off his lap, but he held onto me so that I was floating and, he used my hips to pull me closer to him. He dipped his head, and kissed my inner thigh, nipping lightly up one side and down the other.

"You're teasing me again," I sighed.

"Mmmhmm," I heard as he then turned his head, and licked so very slowly up along my pussy until he reached my clit. "You taste so good," he said as he dipped his head again to get another taste.

I could do nothing but lay back, enjoy and try to keep my head above water as his tongue moved so quickly, so skillfully until I was shivering as another orgasm shook my body. "Oh wow."

I looked up in protest as he stood up and started to climb out, until he reached for my hand, "Come over here to the bed, before you drown."

"Mmmm, but what a way to go," I joked as I climbed out of the water. I reached for a towel, only to have him pull it out of my reach. "What are you doing?"

"I have other ideas," and he pushed me back onto the bed and starting at my feet, he began licking the drops of water from my body. He was meticulous, touching every part of my body with his mouth or hand until I was vibrating with anticipation. I let my own hand run down my body, until I could dip into the warm wetness between my legs. "What do you think you are doing?" he asked, and he took my hand, and slowly, one by one, sucked my fingers clean, and then reached for me and kissed me so that I could taste myself on his tongue. 

I arched my back, desperate now to have his dick inside of me again, and I sighed in relief as he gave me exactly what I wanted. I rotated my hips, trying to control the motion, but quickly found that I had no control over the man laying above me. He stilled my hips with his hands, and flipped me to my side, straddling my leg. Holding my other leg to his chest, he began moving so quickly, so hard that I lost myself. He didn't stop, even as my body shook through an orgasm, and then another.  As I felt a third building inside of me, I reached up and grabbed the headboard and screamed my satisfaction just as I felt him push one last time into me and then the pulse through my muscles as he shot cum deep inside of me. 

The rest of the story is for later, after all, anticipation makes the end result all that much better, or so I've been told.