 The sunlight coming through the windows splashed across my face awakening me. Jack’s strong arm was still around me, holding me close. He was snoring very lightly, just barely audible. I slipped out of his embrace and picked up the robe off the floor. Slipping it on, I checked to make sure the door security card was still in the pocket. I opened the door slowly and peered down the hall. Just a cleaning maid’s cart was all that I saw. I ran across the hall to my door quickly opening the door with the card. Once inside I headed for the shower. Passing by the bathroom mirror, I noticed my hair was a real mess even though it’s fairly short.

The hot shower felt soothing against my skin. I soaped up and let the warm spray from the shower rinse me off thoroughly. Washing my pussy, I realized I was still a little tender down there from the workout Jack had given me. I smiled, remembering many of the things that had happened just hours before.

The shower really woke me up. I put on my make-up and got my hair back in place, double-checking to see how I looked. I picked out another business suit for the day’s activities. There was a meeting with the CEO scheduled for mid-morning and we were supposed to have our rough drafts for our business plan ready for initial presentation in the afternoon. I figured I better call Jack’s room and get him up. Before I could reach the phone, a knock sounded at the door. I checked through the peephole and saw a bellboy with a bouquet of flowers in his hand. Opening the door, the bellboy presented me with the flowers and turned back down the hallway. It was a dozen roses, white roses, my favorite. There was a card; it just read “Unforgettable.” There wasn’t any signature but I knew all to well who they were from.

I turned on the TV to get the latest news, especially the business new. The stock market had just opened, so real significant news from there yet. Jack knocked on my door about thirty minutes later. He had a fresh suit on, he looked great, and he was smiling. I smiled back at him as I let him into my room. I’d picked up the sheets and comforter from the floor and piled them back on the bed, covering the stain. Jack looked at the bed, then at me. 

“Wonder what the maid’s going to think” he quipped.

“She’ll probably think I just got lucky last night” I smarted back at him.

Jack put his arms around me and gave me a soft, passionate kiss. His strong hands massaged my back. I broke off the kiss before things got too heated. 

“Thank you for the flowers, white roses are my favorite.” I said.

Jack looked at them and smiled fingering one of the stems. It appeared he was going to say something but he remained silent. We decided to go downstairs to the hotel restaurant for breakfast. It was a buffet style breakfast, everything you could imagine. I just wanted some toast and coffee, lots of coffee. Jack acted like he’d never seen food before, trying a little bit of everything, his plate piled high. 

“Boy, you must really be hunger.” I stated.

“I’m famished, need to regain my strength from last night.” He replied.

His statement made me blush. I quickly glanced around hoping no one close by heard his remark. We didn’t talk about much during breakfast. There was a lot of traffic in the street outside the window, I just watched people driving by. Jack lit a cigarette when he’d finished eating, offering me one. I just shook my head no. 

We walked around the lobby looking at displays of the Rocky Mountains and tourist information about Denver. Just killing time till our mid-morning meeting. The meeting time finally rolled around, Jack and I walked down the hallway towards the conference room. The CEO was already seated in his chair at the head of the table. A woman, I assumed was his wife was sitting to his left. His secretary, who had accompanied him yesterday, was sitting to his right. Everyone hurried to find their seats. Jack and I sat about mid-table, not too close, not too far. The CEO gave another short speech and passed out a schedule, which had the times, each team was to make their presentation. The team presentations were going to be given in front of the entire group. I noticed some of the teams making some low groaning sounds at the news. Jack pulled on his shirt collar, like his tie was too tight. I could see he was uncomfortable. The CEO gave some closing remarks and we were excused.

Jack and I walked out into the hallway heading towards the elevators. Jack didn’t say anything, just sort of walked like he was in a trance. We got on one of the elevators, just the two of us.

“Jack, are you alright?” I asked him.

“I’m OK.” He paused. “I’m not a public speaker, I freeze up, can’t seem to talk straight when I’m up in front of a group of people. I barely passed my public speaking classes in college”.

“OK.” I said. “We’ll think of a way around this problem. We’re good to go with our rough draft. Actually it’s good enough for a final draft. We’ve got our butts covered.

My statement brought a smile to Jack’s face. I think it made him feel a bit easier. We went back to my room; the maid had been in and cleaned everything up. Jack took off his suit jacket and tossed it on the bed. We spent the rest of the morning and early afternoon working on our speeches and presentation. 1:00pm started approaching on the clock; we headed back downstairs with our laptops and presentations. The CEO was walking around the room, shaking hands with everyone, smiling. Typical PR crap I called it. I pushed Jack towards a couple of chairs near the center of the table. We sat down and waited for the presentations to commence. Each team was given twenty minutes to review their business plan. At the end of the review, people were allowed to question the review. “Damn, this is going to be hell” I thought to myself. I tried to relax, noticing Jack was rubbing his hands, he was getting nervous again.

The presentations proceeded right along; some were short, less than ten minutes. Hardly anyone asked many questions. Jack and I certainly didn’t put any of the other teams on the spot. The CEO didn’t appear like he was really impressed with any of the presentations. He did ask some questions that a couple of the teams didn’t answer to his liking. I kept licking my lips, just a nervous tick I’ve always had. 

Finally it was our turn, Jack and I walked up to the front of the room. I noticed some of the teams weren’t actually paying much attention, not even looking up at us. I passed out printed materials on our rough draft. I made sure the CEO’s wife got a copy. She might not have been his wife, maybe some female corporate executive I wasn’t aware of in the company. Jack read off our business plan. He paused at the end of each line, something I’d prompted him to do. He was doing great. I wanted to smile at him to let him know that but with everyone watching us, someone might get to thinking other ideas. When Jack paused at the end of page one, I took over, pointing out the pros and cons, the upside and the downside of our plan. I felt they were the more important factors of our business plan. When I concluded page two, I looked at Jack and he took over. His voice seemed to flow; he didn’t stumble or lag with the presentation. We took turns at the end of each page, letting the other person take over. Our presentation lasted eighteen minutes. By the end of our presentation, almost everyone in the room was paying attention. I asked if there were any questions, no one raised their hand. “Oh God, Thank You” I thought. Not so lucky. The CEO asked a question on initial financing and I replied not thinking that the question was probably directed at Jack  My answer seemed to satisfy his inquiry. He asked another question on the contract negotiations. I looked at Jack, he looked at me. I bit my lip, wanting Jack to say something. Even something dumb sounded better than nothing. Jack skirted around the question, not having a firm answer. McClane asked yet another question. I answered it this time. Not wanting Jack to look for something to come up with. We seemed to be in control during the question and answer period, almost like volleying back and forth in a game of tennis. 

We made our way back to our seats; it felt so good to have the presentation over with. The next team began their presentation. I watched them for awhile and my eyes drifted back up the table towards the CEO, Taylor McClane. He was looking right at me, not really paying attention to the presentation. I felt uncomfortable but I made eye contact with him, not letting him stare me down. The afternoon wore on; my butt was getting tired even though the chairs were comfortable. Everyone seemed to be squirming in their chairs. Taylor McClane didn’t call for a break. I think everyone wanted to stretch their legs. Finally the last presentation concluded, it was really boring. McClane rose from his chair and thanked everyone for their efforts, but it didn’t sound like he really meant it. He asked everyone to attend the last meeting scheduled for 11:00am the next morning, which was Friday. I pushed my laptop computer over towards Jack’s. 

“Take this will you. I’ve got to use the ladies restroom,” I said.

Jack nodded his head. As I got up from my chair I noticed the CEO looking at me again. The one lady had her arm around his; she had to be his wife. At least I’d guessed that right.

When I came out of the ladies restroom I noticed Jack talking with a few guys and one girl who‘d been in our meeting. Jack excused himself and broke from them as soon as he saw me. He was smiling, a big look of relief on his face. 

“I need a drink, a big drink,” He stated.

“Not here, not in the hotel” I replied.

“Why, why not” He inquired. “What’s wrong with the bar here?”

I motioned towards the main entrance. We walked outside and I glanced down the street for another hotel. Didn’t see another hotel but there was a little bar down and across the other side of the street.

“There, let’s go over there” I said motioning towards the bar.

We hurried across the street and walked towards the bar I’d spotted. I told Jack that it would be best if we weren’t seen in the hotel bar that early in the afternoon. For one thing, people might suspect something’s going on between us, that wouldn’t be good for either one of us. Second, someone might think we’re reliant on alcohol to calm our nerves. They’d be right, but no sense in flaunting it in public.

“Who cares what people think.” Jack remarked.

“You can bet Taylor McClane cares. He was staring right at both of us through most of the presentations.” I declared.

“He was? Geez, I didn’t notice. I tried not looking in his direction.” Jack replied.

We entered the bar; it was well lit and not crowded at all, maybe six or seven other patrons. Jack pointed to a table in the corner. Jack went up to the bar to get us drinks. I asked him to get me something stiff, Scotch or Bourbon. I’d never tasted either so I wouldn’t know the difference. Jack lit up a cigarette, noticing me watching him. He gestured it towards me and I took it from his fingers. I took a long, hard drag on the cigarette. I sipped the bourbon, it tasted a little like medication but it seemed to help me relax. Jack finished his in a matter of minutes, going back to the bar to get another. He brought me another Scotch.

We sat in the bar for awhile and then decided to head back to our hotel. Our evening was free, no meetings, no conferences. Back at the hotel, I opened the door to my room using the security card. Jack followed me in. We put our laptops and folders on the table. We both stood there looking at the items, thankful it was over. We’d seemed to have done pretty well, definitely a lot better than some of the other teams. 

Jack and I were both tired, more from stress than anything. 

“I think I’m going to take a short nap.” I stated. “Think those drinks really relaxed me”

Jack smiled at me and said he was going over to his room to call Jennifer and see if she was OK. I handed Jack my room security card. It seemed normal, not so intentional. He held it in his hand rubbing his fingers back and forth across it. 

“You want me to come back over after I call Jen?” He asked.

I nodded my head as I slipped my jacket off and sat down on the edge of the bed. I took off my clothes and put on a shorty-nightie. Pulling the covers down off the bed I slipped onto the cool sheets. I must have been almost asleep when Jack came back over. I was lying on my side when I felt him slip in next to me. He put his arm around me pulling my body to his. His hand cupped one of my breasts; I put my hand over his. We drifted off to sleep, not waking for several hours.

It was almost 8:00pm when we woke up. I suggested we get dressed and go to dinner. We ate in the hotel restaurant. We had a good meal; both of us feeling more like eating now that our presentation was over. Just one more meeting in the morning and then we’d be heading back to K.C. and home.

Jack and I sat in the restaurant after eating, both of us smoking. I was getting the habit. Seems like I was picking up a lot of bad habits on this business trip I thought. We decided to call it a night and adjourn to our rooms. During the elevator ride up Jack asked me if I wanted to stay the night in his room. He didn’t have to ask twice.

Once in Jack’s room we started kissing almost immediately. Our kisses were long, soft and very passionate. Jack’s hands were on my butt, massaging gently. I untied Jack’s tie slipping if from his neck. He seemed to appreciate the fact that I’d done something so menial for him. I slipped out of most of my clothes tossing them on the table in his room. I kept my bra and panties on as I slipped onto the bed. Jack was wearing his briefs, black and white striped ones.

“Prison briefs!” I kidded him laughingly.

He laughed at my remark, maybe a little embarrassed. He hooked his fingers into the waistband and quickly slid them down and off, tossing them at me. I caught them and dropped them over the side of the bed. Jack’s cock was already hard. He stood across the bed from me sort of in a pose, letting me gaze at his hot body. He’d kept himself in shape, very muscular legs and arms, broad shoulders, flat stomach. His butt was great too!

Jack got on the bed beside me his cock poking my hips. He reached behind me and unhooked my bra, taking it off slowly. We kissed, our lips locked to each other. My hands on his shoulders were pulling him to me. My tongue licked his lips from side to side trying to penetrate his mouth. He was clenching his teeth, teasing me, making me work to get my tongue into his mouth. He stopped clenching his teeth and I slithered my tongue as far inside his mouth as I could. His tongue fought back at it, dueling with it. We explored each other’s mouth.

Jack’s hand cupped my breasts, squeezing and massaging them. My nipples sprang erect when his palms passed over them. He looked down at my nipples, tweaking one then the other. I moaned as he toyed with them. He put his mouth on one capturing it with his lips, flicking his tongue over it. I put my hand on the back of is head as he gently suckled each nipple. It sent electrifying sensations through my whole body. My nipples were still slightly sore from the previous evening.

“Have you ever sucked a guy off?” Jack questioned me.

I shook my head no. “I’ve never done that.” I felt like such a prude. 

“I’d like to suck you off though” I quickly added.

Jack lay over on his back. I took his hard cock in my hand, holding it near its base. I laid across his body and slowly moved my mouth towards the mushroom shaped head. I kissed it and slipped it into my mouth. I could feel the warmth of his cock and a slight pulsating. I licked the head of his cock while I had it in my mouth. I took my mouth off of it and began licking all over it. I licked down the hard shaft all the way to my hand then licked back up the other side. I licked all over his cock till I had it covered in my saliva. 

Jack spread his legs and I gently cupped his large balls. I massaged them feeling his body respond to my hands. I played with them as I put my lips back over his cock and slowly slid down on it as far as I could. His cock felt good as it filled my mouth. I pressed my lips tight around his hard cock and pulled back up the shaft, feeling the ridge of the head as it grated against my teeth. I moved my lips back down on his hard cock and built a steady rhythm. Jack squirmed on the bed as I moved my lips up and down his magnificent cock. Jack put his hand at my waist then down over my butt, massaging it. I loved it when he massaged me with his strong hands.

“Sarah, pump it while you suck on it.” He muttered.

I started stroking his cock, keeping it slick with my saliva. My mouth traveling up and down his long shaft, my hands working what I couldn’t get between my lips. Jack was groaning and his body was moving beneath mine. I stroked my hand up and down his cock harder and faster while my lips bobbed up and down and licked his cock head. Jack was squeezing my butt hard, I sensed he wasn’t going to hold off much longer. My hand was pounding his hard dick. He lifted his hips up off the bed, grabbing my head, forcing it down on his cock. He exploded in my mouth. Cum shot down my throat before I got to taste it. He held my head on his cock as he shot a second load. It filled my mouth, tasting bitter. I was gasping for breath. Jack released his grasp and I was able to get his cock out of my mouth. Cum was oozing from his cock running down the still hard shaft. I took a deep breath and began licking the cum as it made its way down his cock. I held his cock till he quit pumping out his cum. I licked every drop of his fluid. 

Jack lay stretched out on the bed, not saying anything, just smiling. My hands were sticky from my saliva and Jack’s cum. My mouth still tasting bitter. I felt proud that I’d gotten him off, my very first blowjob. I got off the bed and went to the bathroom to wash my hands. I brought a warm, wet washcloth back to the bed, washing Jack’s cock, his upper legs and stomach. He seemed a little surprised at my taking care of his needs.

“Well, how was it?” I asked.

“Unforgettable” Jack replied grinning. “You’ll get better as we go along”

Jack’s remark stung me. I sensed myself being alerted that he was expecting our sexual adventures to continue after we got back to K.C. 

“Jack…….maybe we need to talk a little bit………about us, I mean.” 

“What’s the matter?” Jack inquired. “Don’t you want us to continue?”

I tried to explain to Jack that office romances, let alone affairs, almost always ended up in disaster. I wasn’t going to jeopardize my job nor his. I reminded him that he was happily married to Jennifer and I’d feel terrible if I ever came between them. Jack stroked my legs while I tried to get him to understand the situation. He didn’t want to listen but I had to convince him this evening was going to be our last intimate time together.

“OK, if that’s what you want. It’s not what I want,” He said reluctantly. “I love sex with you, more than with Jennifer!”

I needed something to drink, just a soft drink or something. Jack slipped on his clothes and headed to the vending machine area at the end of the hallway. He brought back several cans of cola and a small bucket of ice. I poured us the refreshments while Jack got undressed. We sat on the bed, drinking and sharing a cigarette. The phone rang, startling us both. Jack picked up the phone; it was his wife, Jennifer. I tensed as they began their conversation. I felt a little bit guilty being almost naked with him on the bed. At the same time, I felt a little bit naughty, it was a good feeling! I didn’t move, afraid I’d make a noise and it would be heard over the phone. Jack and his wife chatted for a few minutes and then said their “good-byes”. 
