 Jaime was a 24 year old mother of a 2 year old who was also 6 months pregnant. Her and her husband both being out of work only added to the stress of everyday life. She worried daily how she could make the bills on only the $800 she got from unemployment benefits every month. Truth was that she was screwed and she knew it. The only happiness she had came when she was playing with her 2 year old son or fucking her husband of 3 years. He had woken her in the middle of the night by lightly suckling and licking on her enlarged breasts and slipping finger after wonderful finger into her wet and wanting cunt. She tried keeping her moans soft as not to wake the sleeping toddler in the next room. He flipped her over onto her stomach and bent her knees as he penetrated her ass. She had to bury her face in the pillow in front or her not to scream. He withdrew his fingers as he rammed into her ass in a tantalizing little dance as she moaned and forced her self back onto his dripping fingers. He teased her clit with his thumb as he continued moving in and out of her. With his free hand he reached forward and began pinching and playing with her nipple. 

"Oh, God, John," she cried out as she came. She felt him pull his cock out of her throbbing ass and ram it into her sopping vagina. He rammed her harder and harder until he came inside of her. He gently rolled her over, cuddling her close and kissed her lips gently. 

"Happy New Year, my love," He whispered as he gently stroked her hair with his dry hand. When she awoke, the sun was blazing in the sky through her second story bedroom window. All she could think of was the wonderful sex her husband had had with her in the middle of the night. 

She got up and put on her robe, leaving nothing on underneath. As she walked down stairs she peered at the clock o n the wall, it was now nearing noon. She went into the kitchen and hugged her husband from behind. "Thanks for letting me sleep, " she whispered in his ear and then kissed his neck. She turned just in time to catch a running toddler yelling mommy and kissed him on the forehead. He reached up want her to pick him up, but she was not allowed by doctor's orders. She pat his head and told him to go play. As he ran around the cornier she heard him start laughing and playing. 

"So," she said smiling. "When do you plan on putting him down for a nap? Noon or one?" John reached over and placed his hand on her swollen abdomen. 

"Whenever," he said nonchalantly with a trouble promising smile. She bite her lower lip softly and placed her hand over his and lead it under her robe. He growled lightly and let his hand slip between her thighs. "You're wet and I haven't even done anything yet, you naughty girl," He laughed softly. He flicked her clit and kissed her passionately. 

"You wait here and I'll put little man down for his nap," Jaime said softly. She walked out of the kitchen swaying her rounded hips a little more than was normal for her walk, knowing that her loving husband couldn't keep his eyes off of her. 

A few minutes later Jaime came downstairs and joined John on the couch. He laid down on the couch, placing his head in her lap and facing her. He turned his face into her crotch and inhaled, "I love the scent of you, love." He parted the robe only slightly enough to allow his tongue to gain access to her thigh. "Why don't you relax and lean back for me?" He asked. 

She turned slightly into the corner of the couch and let one leg fall to the side, leaving herself open to her husbands desires. He inhaled and flicked his tongue over her clit. She moaned and raised her hips towards his face. He gently pushed her back down into the couch as he licked her pussy lips from anus to clit several times. She moaned and placed her hands on the back of his head. He stood up as she was telling him that she was about to cum. He unzipped his jeans and let them fall to the floor around his ankles and then stepped out of them. The fact that he went around everyday without underwear on kept her wanting him and kept her horny pregnant hormones humming in the back of her mind. 

He laid on the carpet and motioned for her to join him. She knelt by his side and wrapped her hand around his throbbing shaft. "What did you have in mind of doing, John?" She asked a bit winded. 

He put his hands between her thighs and cupped her pussy. "I so want to be inside of you..." he said as he pressed and grinded the ball of his hand into her clit. He smiled as she went to straddle his face and leaned forward. She licked her lips and the head of his penis as he slid one finger into her pussy and wrapped his lips around her clit. 

She slipped his cock onto her mouth sucking lightly and starting to slowly bob her head up and sown his shaft. The faster she moved the faster and more furious his finger and tongue worked on her pussy. When he felt himself cuming he gently bit down on her clit and shoved two more fingers into her pussy. As she swallowed she sat up on his face and ground her pussy against him, calling out his name as she came all over his face. She rolled off of him and finished taking her robe off. He sat up next to her and kissed her stomach. He kissed a trail up to her breasts and took turns kissing each nipple as if it were her mouth. She moaned softly and ran her fingers through his hair. He smiled up to her, "I love you, Jaime." And with those words she knew everything would work out this year.