  Chapter 12 - The Arrangement

WARNING:

The following story is for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upset you, or you are offended by subjects of a sexual nature - do not read any further! 

This story is for entertainment only. It contains adult oriented material. This is a work of fiction. The acts and characters contained within are figments of my imagination and have no basis in fact. I do not practice, advocate, condone or encourage acts portrayed here. The characters in the story are entirely fictional. You need to believe that all of the characters are over the age of eighteen.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached.
* * * * * * * * * * 

This is Chapter Twelve of a multi-part Naked In School story. The characters:

Father:  Dick Treyshun
Mother:  Cassi Fallopia
(Second marriage for each.)
Son (his):  Rod Treyshun
Daughter (hers):  Penny Fallopia


In Chapter Eleven, Dick runs into Rod's STRIP partner Quinn at the dry cleaners. She complains about Rod leaving her horny, so Dick obliges to provide some satisfaction. They're coitus interrupted by the storeowner. At home, Dick fantasizes about fucking his daughter Penny as he stares at her cheerleader uniform that he's stuffed with socks. She walks in, undresses and shyly maneuvers him into position with the real thing. At the climax of their heated union, Rod and Cassi show up in the doorway. They applaud and then retire to Rod's bedroom to get reacquainted in horizontal position.

* * * * * * * * * *

Dick and Penny rubbed each other with soapy hands. The feel of his daughter's smooth, firm skin got Dick excited, perhaps too excited. Whether Penny was ready and willing or not, he wanted another go. Penny seemed to be enjoying the foreplay so he went further, slipping his fingertips between her labia, pulling at her inflated nipples, kissing her vibrating lips. Penny reciprocated by stroking Dick's cock, the soap a useful lubricant. He was as hard as he'd ever been. 

In the middle of all this, Cassi pulled back the curtain. "Aren't you two done yet? Move it, will ya'?"

Penny froze in mid-fondle. "Okay, just give us a minute."

Dick took Cassi's and Penny's comments as an endorsement for repeat penetration. He guided Penny to face the back wall of the shower and got behind her, guiding his cock where it had just recently been. Her vagina yielded to his stiffness, but not without a comment. "Oooohhh Daddy. I love how you feel."

Dick felt an urgency, and not just from Cassi's impatience. Maybe Cassi would change her mind, or Penny would decide that fucking her father was gross. He needed to take advantage before circumstances or attitudes changed. He picked up the pace, humping Penny against the tile wall, her breasts pressed against his palms. To get a better grip, he rinsed his hands in the spray and held her by the waist.

Her chest pushed forward, unencumbered by her father's grasp. "The tiles are cold against my nipples. God, your cock feels good. Harder, Daddy, fuck me harder!"

Dick obliged, pumping like a steam locomotive. Instead of smoke from its stack, cum sprayed Penny's insides just as she wailed with her own orgasm. The water got cooler as the hot water tank got depleted from their marathon shower. "We could both use a cold shower," said Dick.

Penny giggled.

They pulled back the curtain. Cassi stood there with two oversized bath towels. "I need some time alone with your father. Go dry off and get dressed. And leave your brother alone. He's pretty worn out."

Dick dried himself, trying not to think about how Cassi and Rod had fucked in the other room.

"It's six and I'm hungry." Penny held out her hand. "Money for carry-out?"

"Take it from my purse in the hallway. And no junk food," said Cassi.

Penny bounced from the room, her towel slipping with each movement.

Dick's eyes followed his daughter's expanding nudity. "I hope she puts something on if she has them deliver." Dick did a few final rubs with the towel and put on a bathrobe. Cassi sat at the foot of their king bed in a t-shirt and shorts. "I'm so glad you're home," he said.

"So am I." Cassi kissed him, soft but demanding lips. "I've missed you very much. But I needed to get things straight in my mind."

"And have you?" He held her hand.

"Uh-huh. It took a few days but I'm at peace and everything is clear. Our relationship is very strong. It'll survive whatever we throw at it. But my experiences with Rod proved to me that I need a broader set of sex partners."

Dick was confused and concerned. Had he lost his wife? "Haven't I always been good enough-"

She squeezed his hand. "And you still are, more than good. You're awesome. But haven't you ever thought about other women? Wasn't it exciting to be with Sandy?"

"You know about that?" Who knew to spill the beans except him and-

"Of course. She called me right after. By the way, she thought you were awesome too."

Compared to Arthur, Sandy's husband and sex partner on the 15th and 30th, anyone would be a star. "I have to admit it was exciting, partially because she was different. She was a little unpredictable."

"So you know what I'm talking about. You know, she always has been, even out of bed. Do you want to talk about it, you and Sandy?"

Dick paused. Did he want to share the feelings or details? Could he deliver a play-by-play? Did he even want to? That experience was best left as a pleasant erotic memory, with the details fading with time. "No, I don't think so."

"Evidently you two never had a reprise."

If they had, would Sandy have ratted them out again? "Your psychologist Dr. Fine told her to stop."

"Sounds like the good doctor. So protective yet so conservative."

Dr. Fine hadn't been so conservative with Dick. Stripping down to her undies, pretending to offer herself as a sex partner, and then having him perform a role-play with Lana. Except Lana made it the real thing, pissing the doctor off real good.

Cassi continued, "Well, to be completely honest with you, the way I got my act together while I was away was by having sex with other men."

Dick had previously thought of the possibility, but hearing it was still a shock. "Please, Cassi! I know I did a stupid thing to have you and Rod half dressed when I left the house but-"

"Silly! Not to get back at you. No. To spread my wings."

Sounded more like spreading her legs. Dick had one question. "Why?"

"You and I both are sexual beings. I was before I met you. We seemed a perfect match. Dr. Fine seemed to understand that in our sessions. Her advice was to reduce my need by meditation and self-discipline." She pulled his hand to her chest. "But that didn't work. Why, I even administered sexual comfort to a young man on the train downstate. That's how poor my self control is."

Dick considered pulling his hand from hers. "You did? How come?"

"It was just like with Rod. He was sexually unprepared and I became his teacher. And that's when I realized that I liked having sex with Rod because of how I am. Neither of us can make ourselves less sexually active, but perhaps we can enhance the sexual part of our lives with variety."

"You make it sound like we're going to have one of those '70's open marriages. Can we really pull that off without ruining what we have?"

"If we're honest and remember that it applies to both of us. You'll have to tell me after you've had sex with someone else, and so will I. Promise?"

Strange. Cassi seemed to be excited to hear about Dick's extramarital affairs. "Okay, I'll tell you when they happen. Which won't be very often. I'm planning on making love to you every night, just like always." He relocated his hand to her waist. The night was young, and the thought of sex with his wife was getting him excited.

"You have to tell me, otherwise we're just cheating on each other, and that's not the point."

Dick didn't get the point. Maybe Dr. Fine could figure out the point if she heard Cassi's rationalizations. Would she even agree to see Cassi, after what Dick had done? And would Dr. Fine tell Cassi about his aborted intercourse with Lana? On the other hand, 'open marriage' sounded better than 'cheating' and the word Penny used, 'sampling', was much better than 'philandering'. Maybe Dick could sample some other women and tell Cassi about it. Could he? "Is this a trick? You mean you wouldn't be jealous if I went to bed with some other woman?"

"Not as long as you didn't hide it from me. I know you've had sex with Sandy and Penny. Anyone else while I was away?"

Dick lied. "Nope." He paused to catalog his sexual liaisons. "And I shouldn't be jealous of the guy on the train?"

"No. It was pretty much wham-bam-thank-you-maÕam. There wasn't any emotion in that one."

The words had been too carefully chosen. "So there was one with emotion?"

"Yes, dear. In the spirit of honesty, I need to tell you about that one. In detail. Why don't we lay down?"

Need to tell? Cassi was more than willing to spill the beans. Dick took a horizontal position with Cassi inches away. Her hand was on his stomach. "Okay, I guess I'm ready."

"So it was my first day at my folk's house. They kept asking why I'd come to visit and why I seemed so agitated. I couldn't tell them about seducing Rod all those times or the young man on the train, could I? So I just said we were having some difficulties and left it vague. But Mama seemed to have an instinct. I think she thought you were cheating on me."

"She did?"

"I didn't ask outright, but she kept saying how I could have done better than you and how I married too quickly on the rebound."

"Remind me to forget her birthday this year."

"You did, and she noticed. Anyway, she kept talking about my old boyfriends, and how some of them were still in town. I tried to ignore her, but she was so persistent that it brought up old memories." Cassi slipped her hand inside Dick's robe. His cock had softened the more Cassi talked about extramarital sex.

"So you looked them up? I mean, really."

"No, I didn't." Cassi's face flushed. "Well, not the first one at least."

"How many boyfriends did you have?"

"A few. But let me get back to the story. So one day Mama sent me shopping for groceries at the local market. There really is only one large one in town, Marvell's. I was walking through fruits and vegetables when I saw Marlo. He was my first date in grammar school, when I was twelve I think. We went to a movie and a soda, and afterwards he walked me home. At the door, I figured we'd kiss, like boys and girls did on dates back then. But he stood there, and I didn't want to be too forward, so I just stood there too. And after a few minutes, he just kind of backed up, after telling me how nice a time he had and how we should do it again. He almost fell off the stoop, and waved goodbye."

"So did you? Go out again?"

"No, the kids made fun of our date and harassed us both so bad, we didn't talk for all of eighth grade."

"Hmmm. Doesn't sound like much of a relationship."

"Oh but it was. The unfulfilled romance. The missed kiss. I've thought about it ever since. And at Marvell's, there was Marlo in the fruits and vegetables department, holding two cantaloupe melons at chest height. It looked like he had two big breasts in his hands."

Dick reached out and palmed Cassi's breasts. Her nipples were hard. Either the story or lying there with Dick was making her aroused. "So he likes them big?"

"It was just melons. Anyway, I gathered up my nerve and walked over. He almost had a fit. His eyes bugged out and his mouth flew wide open. 'Cassiopeia' he croaked out my name. I nodded and he was still holding the melons. He saw me looking at them and then he looked at me and then back at the melons and finally figured out how silly he looked, fondling them."

"You didn't say he was fondling them, just holding them up."

"When he saw me, his hands started to caress the fruit, as if he was fondling someone-"

Dick rubbed Cassi's breasts. "You?"

"Maybe. I didn't know for sure. Anyway, we had a good laugh and he invited me to have a cup of coffee and catch up on things. There's one Starbuck's franchise in town, so we went there to talk. And did we talk! He asked about everything I'd done since he moved away for high school."

"So, did you tell him about your first husband, and me, and Penny?"

"Yes, dear, the whole thing. And he told me his story, about his wife who got sick suddenly and died before they could have a family. He was really impressed with Penny - I showed him pictures - and even said nice things about you."

"Me? You showed him picture of me?"

"Yes, and he was happy for me, that I'd found true happiness with the man of my dreams. That meant a lot, because he had to know how much I love you."

"He did?" Why, Dick thought. He scooted closer to his wife, his hands on her ass.

"During coffee, something he said, or I said, it was so poignant that he reached for my hand. Maybe it was about his wife's funeral, I don't really remember. Gentle, just a tender caress. And he told me how he was so sorry that he hadn't kissed me that night on our date. And I said, 'Well, you can make up for it now.' So we leaned across the table and put our lips together." Cassi stopped, her hand still on Dick's cock, now hard. "Should I go on?"

Dick nodded.

"Okay. When we kissed, I felt something electric, like a shock that ran from my lips down into my belly and jolted my vagina. And I got this terrible ache, like my vagina was lonesome, and I knew that if Marlo kept kissing me and holding my hand, the ache would go away. So when he asked if I'd go back to his place, an apartment above the Radio Shack store that he manages, I said yes."

Dick moved closer to Cassi and leaned forward to kiss her.

She turned her face away to break the contact. "Now, see, that's not right. This isn't a contest. I'm not comparing, I'm just telling. Okay?"

Dick nodded. "So you did it? You had sex?"

"Not so fast. You deserve the details. So we waked back to his apartment, more like jogged, and ran up the stairs and as soon as we got inside, we were undressing each other. And before you ask, no, he isn't as big as you. Okay?" She tugged Dick's cock for emphasis. "He hugged and kissed me some more. The tingle continued, now down to my toes. It was like there was some electric current between our bodies."

"Or his floor wasn't grounded." After all, they were above an electronics store.

Cassi slapped Dick's shoulder. "We were really excited. I was leaking and his cock was all lubed up with precum. So he pulled down his Murphy bed from the wall and pulled me on top of him. He let me position his penis at my labia and then he asked me, 'Will this be okay with Dick?' He asked permission, can you believe it?"

"What a gentleman!" Asshole.

"I mean, he could have just stuck it in, but he wanted your blessing."

"You didn't call me, did you? To ask me?"

"Of course not. I said, 'My husband knows I love him. This won't change that.' And with that, he pushed my hips down, slipping his erection inside me with his lips on mine. And I exploded. It was the fastest orgasm I'd ever had, and he hadn't even started fucking me. He took his sweet time getting all the way in; his penetration was almost slow motion. Meanwhile, my pussy was going crazy. It was spasming and clamping down and shooting out juice and he wasn't even sweating. After I don't know how many orgasms, I was pretty well exhausted. So I said, 'How are you doing? Don't you want to, you know, climax or something?' And do you know what he said? 'I was waiting for your permission.' My God. What a gentleman. So I said, 'You have my permission to-' And before I could finish the sentence, he started humping me slow and steady. I was still on top, his hands on my hips. He hefted me up and lowered me down on his cock over and over. I had no energy to resist. Besides, it felt great, so why would I resist?"

"Yeah, why, for goodness sake?"

"It felt like there was a sexual tsunami building up inside me. Minutes passed and he was manipulating me like I was fragile pottery. His hips kept lifting off the bed, the mattress squeaking every time. Finally, after what seemed like hours, he started panting, his tongue hanging out the side of his mouth. He was grunting and groaning and making all kinds of guttural sounds. Then without warning he pulled me flat against him and pushed as far in as he could and trumpeted like an elephant. His ejaculation, it was like a cum bullet inside. It was hot and hard. And that's the way we both fell asleep, his wilting cock inside me."

"Wow! That's some story." Dick's body slumped back, breaking contact. He examined the ceiling for uneven roller marks from the last time he painted.

"What's the matter? Don't be upset. Milo opened the door to my heart but you walked through. We owe him for me being the woman I turned out to be. Was it so bad that I rewarded him for his efforts?"

Dick didn't understand how he owed Milo any thanks. Thanks for not kissing her in grade school, or thanks for fucking her last week? Dick wasn't buying any of it. "If you say so."

"Thanks for listening, honey. And for being such a patient audience." She slipped off her shorts and panties. "We have some reacquainting to do." She lifted a leg over his crotch, giving Dick's dick clear access. And he took advantage. He didn't know if he could generate electrical kisses, but he could do slow and easy, if that would drive his wife into multiple orgasms. He could shoot sperm bullets, couldn't he? Well, maybe not after cuming twice with Penny. Maybe a sperm pop gun. But he'd do his best.

* * *

Dick drove to work the next morning, his head swimming about the previous night's events. He'd succumbed to Penny's advances just as Cassi got home, and Cassi didn't mind. In fact, she and Rod picked up where they left off, in bed as lovers. And then after a shower and more sex with his daughter, Cassi shared a story about her and an old boyfriend from grammar school who after decades finally kissed her and a whole lot more. It sounded like there were more stories to come. How many guys did Cassi have sex with while she was gone, anyway? Most surprising was Cassi's suggestion that their marriage was strong enough so that both of them could enjoy occasional extramarital sex with no harm.

Work in Dick's part of the office was at a standstill as everyone buzzed with anticipation. Events in Dick's personal life had distracted him so much, he'd forgotten that the new system based on his unique algorithm was coming online. No one in the office knew that the algorithm's name, MWSDC, stood for Multiple Women Stroking Dick's Cock. Dick joined the throng at the glass wall of the network control center as the Vice President of Operations gave the go-ahead. Everyone held their breath as transaction processing began, with thousands of customer service operators using the new system. The volume of work increased as more customers called in but the response times remained well under expectations.

Dick watched the brass congratulate the consultants who'd managed the project and each other. The grin on Gwen's face was permanent.

In his cubicle, Dick monitored the performance of the database access through an administrative console he'd designed. Everything was humming along perfectly. Folks who'd never said a single word to Dick stopped by and congratulated him on his success. It seemed like everyone except management knew of Dick's contribution. The rank and file spoke openly about the cutover party that evening at a nearby hotel. Managers from both the IT and end user departments plus all of the consultants would attend. Even Dick's boss, who had absolutely no involvement except that he was Dick's boss, was invited. But not Dick.
