 When Chip closed the door behind him, I breathed a sigh of relief. The Martins had been here for more than six hours. I didn't mind a midweek dinner party, as long as it ended at a decent hour. It was now 1:00 a.m. and we both had to get up at seven.

We stumbled to bed too exhausted for sex. I had just fallen into a heavy sleep when the doorbell, then a bam bam on the front door, jerked me out of sleep. Chip was already up and turning on the lights. A string of profanities flew out of his mouth. I was thinking along the same lines. Grabbing my satin robe, I followed him downstairs.

It was the Martins, Bob and Sandra! Bob said that they had almost run into a police check point and both had been drinking. He was afraid they would get a ticket and wanted to know if they could crash at our place. Chip and I exchanged glances. What else could we do?

The spare bedroom was beside our room. The headboards of both beds were separate by a thin wall. Our house was an old one, circa 1910. We had plans to buy a newer one in a few years. I gave Sandra a gown to sleep in. Bob proudly declared that he slept in the buff. We bade each other goodnight and turned in for the night.

Chip felt into an immediate sleep. It always amazed me how he could sleep so soundly. I was almost asleep when the first moaning sounds started. Sandra sounded as if she were dying. I could hear her faintly say stuff like, "Oh baby, lick mommy" and "Oh baby, that's it, tongue me." She always seemed so prim and proper. Almost frigid! I was shocked to hear her getting sexual with her husband. 

She came a few times under Bob's tongue. I knew I would never get to sleep now. The sounds of sex were making my pussy hot. I knew no matter what I did Chip wouldn't wake up to fuck me. I started playing with my lips and pulling on my nipples, as I listened to them. But what got me the hottest and made me almost cum under my fingers was when I heard Sandra tell Bob that she thought she could deep throat his 10 inches if she hung her head off the bed. 10 inches! Chip was an average six, but fat. Bob had a 10-inch cock and suddenly I wanted it.

They kept me awake for hours with their wild fucking. I heard every moan, squeal, kiss and thrust (okay, I am stretching it there). My mind heard the thrusting and my pussy imagined it. I watched Chip sleep through it all, wondering how he could not hear it. The Martins made Chip's porn flicks sound like Disney movies. The next morning I decided to call in for a sick day at the dentist’s office I worked for. I had plenty of sick days to take and I knew I wouldn't be able to sit in front of a computer all day on the two hours of sleep I got. I sat with Chip while he ate his Wheaties. As I framed my lips to tell Chip about the decadence in our guests’ bedroom the night before, Bob pops in. 

He helped himself to coffee and made a comment about Sandra being exhausted and needed a few hours of sleep. He asked if he could use the phone to clear off his morning appointments. Sandra was a lucky stay-at-home mom. Bob sold real estate. Chip kissed me and hustled out the door. He worked at a highly prestigious firm, a lot of power in the court room but little in bed.

Bob sat beside me at the kitchen table, drinking coffee while I perused the morning paper. He calmly asked if I slept well. I spoke before thinking, saying that only the dead could sleep through all the noise going on in the guests’ bedroom. Silence!

My cheeks turned ten shades of red. Bob, who enjoyed making someone squirm, began teasing me about getting turned on. When he asked if Chip devoured me, I told him that Chip slept through it all. Winking at me, Bob asked if I wore my batteries down in my vibe. I laughed and said that my fingers were now worn to the bone.

He took my hand and slipped a finger into his mouth, sucking on it and then licking over my palm. I felt my nipples get hard instantly. He gave me a wicked grin, before saying that he could taste my juices. I could feel the telltale sign of arousal on my pussy lips. Its wetness cried out.

Bob kissed me without saying another word. I was still on fire from the night before and now even hotter from his sensual teasing. I needed fucking, but wasn't sure if I should fuck Bob. I had never cheated on Chip, although he had been unfaithful to me on several occasions. The idea of fucking Chip's friend while his wife slept just down the hall made me feel like a wicked little whore. Oh and I loved feeling like that.

I melted under Bob's lips. His kiss reminded me of the sun on your skin after a dip in the pool, warm and inviting. He pulled me up from my chair, to gather me in a total body embrace, as he devoured my lips with his. Our tongues danced, as my skin burned him through the satin of my robe. His hands went to my ass, to urge me up on my tip toes, as he bent his knees, grinding his groin into mine.

I could feel his hardness through his trousers. I wanted it. He picked me up and placed me on the kitchen table. Kneeling, he pushed my legs apart. I was almost embarrassed by the wetness that my pussy was oozing. I could smell me, and I was in heat. He began licking me, making yummy sounds in his throat. As Bob feasted on me, he gave a new meaning to "Breakfast of Champions." His tongue swirled over my clit, then would lick down my slit, back up to my clit. I began to move against his face. When he slid two fingers inside and sucked in my clit, I came with the gusto that only a girl on Wheaties can.

He could not get over how tight I felt around his fingers. After pulling me off the table, he had me kneel before him. I watched with a bird's eye view, as he uncloaked his cock for my enquiring eyes. It was a dark fleshy color with a purplish head, dripping with precum. The length and width shocked and excited me. I felt a tremor in my pussy. But first I had to suck it. I began with short licks across the head, while my hands moved up and down the shaft. I milked the precum into my mouth. It’s taste reminding me of raspberry tea on a summer day. He moaned my name with each suck and tug I gave. I smiled around his cock, as I looked up at him. I had precum on my lips and chin. What a little whore I was! Loving every minute of it!

The eye contact was too much for him to take. I felt him jerk in my mouth, so I slowed down the intensity of my sucking and stroking. He grabbed me under my arms, lifted me up and spun me around, urging me to lean over the table. My wet pussy was a bull's-eye for his cock to aim at. I felt the head part my outer lips and I knew he was going to fill me up like never before. With each inch he moved into me, he would let out a growl. I would let out a girlish squeal. I began to grind backwards into him, impatient for more cock.

Bob grabbed my hips, to steady himself. Right before he plunged all the way in, he asked if I was ready for his monster. I began to beg him for it. Dammit, I wanted it now! With one swift thrust, he was inside me and ramming me with all the mustard his cock could give me. Bob said over and over that he couldn't believe how tight my cunt was. I began to whimper and cry, begging him to fuck me harder. His big tool rubbed over my secret spot inside, the one that I could reach with my vibe, the one Chip never could with his cock. I was building up toward one of the most intense orgasms of my entire life. I felt Bob's sweat dripping on my lower back, as he worked up a storm, fucking me. I felt myself contracting around Bob's cock. Shivers ran through my body, as I began to jerk and spasm. My nipples rubbed against the table top with every thrust. I cried out as I came. Bob, stroking faster, made the table dance across the floor.

With one swift movement, Bob had me standing up, as he lowered his hips and drove into me. From that angle, I felt as if he were slicing me open with his cock. I came against, this time with such violence that I almost dislodged his cock. Bob groaned into my ear that I was the tightest he had felt in a long time. 

He withdrew from me. I turned around to look at him, as he stroked his cock a few times. It was covered with my wetness. I got on my knees, holding out my hands to him. He grinned, as I licked my lips. Grabbing his cock, I stroked it. Its heat was mind-blowing. I began to lick and suck his dick, enjoying the taste of me on him. He locked his hands in my long hair and began to drive his cock in and out of my mouth. I rubbed his balls. The wetness there amazed me. I realized it was mine. I took a damp finger and slipped it in his ass. When I did, he let out a bellow, shouting that he was going to cum. I swallowed all his hot jism. Oh my, who needed cream for their coffee? I did! I did!

We collapsed into the skewed chairs, giggling like kids. I was amazed that Sandra didn’t' wake up and said so. Bob said that she was a heavy sleeper. I laughed and said that she and Chip were a pair and should sleep together sometime. What Bob said next, blew me away! He didn't know it but he had accidentally let the cat out of the bag with the news that Chip was often the third party in his and Sandra's trio of sexcapades. My shocked face confused Bob, who thought I knew about it. Chip had insinuated that I gave him permission to play around.

A thought formulated in my brain (how I have no idea as all the blood supply that lived in me was still centered on my pussy). I gave Bob a wicked grin, as I slipped back into my robe. I asked that he invite me over for their next triangle of pleasure, but to keep it a surprise. He winked, as he slipped into his pants. 

When Sandra woke up, we were reading the paper and sipping coffee. She smiled sheepishly and asked if she snored. I smiled back, wondering to myself which cock she liked better, Chip's average sized one or Bob's monster. I held back a snicker, as I thought that I would soon find out.