 STRIP - Chapter Four - Sandy Bitches

WARNING:

The following story is for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upset you, or you are offended by subjects of a sexual nature - do not read any 

further! 

This story is for entertainment only. It contains adult oriented material. This is a work of fiction. The acts and characters contained within are figments of my imagination and have no basis in fact. I do not practice, advocate, condone or encourage acts portrayed here. The characters in the story are entirely fictional. You need to believe that all of the characters are over the age of 

eighteen.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached.

* * * * * * * * * * 

This is Chapter Four of a multi-part Naked In School story. The characters:
Father: Dick Treyshun
Mother: Cassi Fallopia
(Second marriage for each.)
Son (his): Rod Treyshun
Daughter (hers): Penny Fallopia
Bethany: Penny's best friend, hot for Rod
Sandy: Cassi's best friend

In Chapter Three, Rod and Penny have an almost-sex session, and Penny asks Rod to help out her friend Bethany, so she can be successful in STRIP. Rod does his best but stops short of intercourse. his two vendor compatriots had sent Dick home with an excessive case of the hornies. Rod calls his house expecting his mother to answer, finds his dad at home and sends Bethany to father Dick to finish the job.

After stripping, sucking and fucking, Bethany tells Dick to pay more attention to his daughter Penny, because her brother Rod's notoriety is getting his sister depressed.

This chapter picks up the next morning.

To carry the story foreword with strong emotion, I change the Point Of View (POV) character in different scenes. A scene divider indicates scene changes and possible POV changes as well.

* * * * * * * * * * 

Dick opened his eyes. It was Thursday morning, and Bethany, his son's new girlfriend and the best friend of his daughter Penny, had quenched his pent-up sexual appetite. The clock said 7:00 AM. Shit! He had an early final specifications meeting. He slid out of bed, threw himself under the spray of a steaming shower, skipped shaving, and grabbed the closest shirt, tie and suit from his closet. Cassi was still asleep, from whatever charity event she'd attended the previous night.

Dick tried to muffle his plodding down the stairs. Penny was about to open the door. Once again, she was in her cheerleading costume. "Hey, sweets. You want a lift to school?"

"Sure, thanks. These before-school practices are getting really old." She reseated her backpack on her shoulder.

They got into Dick's car and he backed out of the garage and down the driveway. 

Occasionally, he glanced at his daughter's legs, long and toned from all that exercise. On a previous drive home, she'd flipped her skirt and saw her undies. "I don't think I've seen you in anything but your uniform all week." Dick remembered Bethany's comment about Penny's nipples. The thick letter sweater hid them very effectively.

"Coach says we have to wear them until we get our routines right. Even though I shower, I still feel dirty."

Dick felt dirty, imagining Penny in various states of undress. "We're all in difficult situations, it seems. Your cheerleading, my project, Rod and STRIP. Only your mother seems to be pleasantly engaged."

Penny began to cough violently, her face turning red.

"Are you okay? Can you breath?" Dick considered pulling over and giving her mouth-to-mouth. And when her breathing returned to normal, he might just slip her a tongue. Traffic ahead stopped suddenly. Dick slammed on the breaks to avoid a rear end collision.

Penny threw her hands on the dashboard. "Daddy! Watch what you're doing. I'm fine."

Dick pulled up to the school and let Penny out. Her hips naturally swayed from side to side as she walked towards the building. How am I going to concentrate when those two vixens at work flaunt their bodies at me, he thought.

* * * * * * * * * * 

Someone grabbed Penny from behind around the waist and lifted her off the ground. "Put me down!"

It was Bethany, as Penny had never seen her. Instead of layers of saggy, baggy clothing, Bethany was showing it like she owned it. Her blouse had a scoop neck. Bethany wore it with one shoulder exposed. Her skirt was knee length, showing more than she ever had before. The black calf-high boots made her legs seem longer and the skirt shorter. She spread her arms and dipped. "So, how do I look?"

"Awesome! I mean it! But what about your folks? Did they see you like this?"

"Oh no! They'd lock me in the basement if they found out. My aunt loaned me these things, to wear to a party."

"What party is that, and am I invited?"

"I made it up, silly." Bethany swayed back and forth, twirling the skirt higher.

"So, how were things with Rod?" Penny was certain that Bethany's new attitude was from foreplay with Rod, giving her confidence to participate in STRIP.

"Terrific! We're a couple, as of yesterday." She pulled a gold chess piece from her purse. "See, he gave me his queen, get it? He's the best." Other girls gathered to strike up conversations with the New Bethany. As the crowd closed in on Bethany, Penny was pushed further and further away. "Oh, and your Dad was awesome!" 

Bethany and her entourage moved off, leaving Penny standing there. "My Dad? Oh my God!"

Penny spied Rod at the doorway. She sprinted over. "Hey, bro, I need a favor."

"No, I won't fuck you." Rod didn't keep his voice down, and several students heard his denial.

"Shhhh. I want our room for myself tonight."

Rod showed some discretion and whispered. "How come? You have a hot date with a purple plastic cylinder?"

"Damn you! Somehow, some way, I'm going to get Dad to fuck me."

"God, sis! You're just trying to get even, because I fucked Mom."

"So what if I just want what everybody else seems to be getting. Including Bethany, by the way."

"Don't be angry with me. I couldn't do it. STRIP rules. But I figured Dad wouldn't pass up the opportunity."

Penny scratched her head. "And you're okay with your girlfriend sleeping with your father?"

"If I can't, then at least it's staying in the family. And Dad in your bed is intra-family too, come to think of it." Rod chuckled. "I was planning to join the chess club's attempt to break the Guinness record for multiple blindfolded chess matches tonight. I'll just hang out with some of the guys and mooch dinner off one of them."

"Perfect. Just make sure you don't come home until the wee hours. Maybe even sleep over someplace."

"Again? I just did that. But how are you going to get Mom out of the house at night?"

"The way she's been avoiding Dad, I might not have to do anything."

"Do you think Dad will do it?"

"I bet he's so horny, he'll drop his pants at the first opportunity. And I'll be ready, on my back, legs spread."

"Sheesh, you don't have to be so graphic about it!"

* * * * * * * * * * 

Dick drove home with only one thing on his mind - patching things up with his wife. Whatever she and Rod had done last Friday was water under the bridge. He'd had his own little one-night stand with Bethany and understood perfectly the slippery slope that can derail anyone with high sexuality from absolute fidelity.

Cassi wasn't in the family room or kitchen. "Cassi!" He flew up the stairs. Cassi was sitting on their bed. "We have to talk."

"Yes we do. Sit down."

Dick parked himself close but Cassi slid away putting a gap between them. "it's all my fault."

"What is?"

"You and Rod. He told me."

Cassi put her face in her hands. "It's not your fault. It's mine. I can't control myself."

Dick hadn't either when Bethany visited. Now was probably not the best time to mention his indiscretion. "But I put you in a bad position. I should never have suggested that you and Rod get physical with each other or take off clothes. I didn't realize it then, but I set you up."

"On Friday, yes."

"And nothing happened over the weekend, right?"

"Ha. That was easy because Rod was barely home. But what about Monday?"

"What about it?" Dick scratched his chin.

"It was Rod's first day of strip and he asked for a refresher. I hugged him and kissed him. The next thing I know, he's between my legs pounding away. And to be perfectly honest, I loved it."

Dick was shocked. They'd fucked twice? Maybe a refresher before his first day was reasonable. "Okay so I'll speak to Rod. He shouldn't be taking advantage-"

"And then on Tuesday-"

"No! Really?"

"Yes. In the kitchen while I was cooking, Rod told me about an experience he had with his female partner. We roll played, and he took me from behind. God it was glorious. With every thrust, he lifted me off the ground. The strength and energy of that boy."

"I had no idea."

"On Wednesday, I marched in to his room, pulled off his pajamas and climbed on top. I practically raped the kid. He nearly ripped my nipples off that time. I came harder than I ever had before."

Dick was flabbergasted but tried to maintain an even exterior. After all, this was his wife, his life partner. "Cassi, we can get through this together." He reached for her hand.

She folded her hands in her lap. "I don't think I can. I had a therapy session with Dr. Fine last night. She's a psychologist Sandy recommended."

Ah yes. Sandy, friend since grammar school, and a royal pain. Always butting in. "We don't need a shrink. We can work this out ourselves." Dick made a lunge for Cassi's arm and made contact.

She pulled it away. "I told Dr. Fine the whole sordid story. STRIP. You. Rod. Before our session concluded, she urged me to do two things. One, to tell you what happened. Which I've done. And second, that I needed some space, to think about things. So I've decided to go away for a while. From you. From Rod. From any temptation."

Dick noticed the suitcase near the closet door. "You're packed? Come on, we're a team. I know you can control this. One thing that'll help is if we get back in the groove." Dick raised an eyebrow, his secret signal to Cassi when they were out in public that they should retreat to a private place and have sex.

"Let me tell you about control. This morning, despite all of the techniques the psychologist suggested, I pulled Rod into the shower. He didn't seem to be interested. Maybe he's got somebody at school. But STRIP doesn't allow sex right? Well, anyway I got him so excited he flattened me against the wall and fucked me standing up."

Dick was astounded. Cassi had become Rod's cock slave, and he hadn't even asked. "But sweetie, where will you go?"

"Downstate to visit my folks. I haven't seen them since last Thanksgiving."

Dick struggled with a reply to Cassi, to assure here that everything would be fine without the help of Dr. Fine, but he was at a loss for words.

A scream from the bathroom down the hall interrupted their discussion. "Wait here. Don't leave." Dick bolted from the bed and burst into the bathroom. Penny was standing in the tub clutching the shower curtain to her baked body. The translucent frosted plastic curtain showed her puffy dark nipples and hinted at a dark patch between her thighs.

"Daddy, there's a spider! A big nasty one!"

Dick pulled the opposite end of the curtain back. A small spider crawled along the edge of the tub, avoiding water. "I'll kill it and rinse it down the drain."

"No, please. You know how I feel about animals. Catch it and put it outside. Pleeeze!"

Dick grabbed a paper cup from a wall dispenser, knelt down at the edge of the tub and leaned over to catch the insect. When he glanced at the far end of the tub, the other half of Penny's naked body was exposed: a curved breast and protuberant nipple, a leg all the way to groin. It took three tries due to the distraction but Dick finally trapped the spider in the cup. He folded the top of the cup over so there would no escape. Dick stood up, to dump the spider and then convince his wife to stay.

"Daddy?"

"Yes?"

"Daddy if I was in STRIP, would the boys like me?"

They'd kill each other to get their hands on a body like yours. "Yes, darling."

"Wait. Before you go, let me kiss my hero."

Dick walked closer. Penny cupped his face with her hand. The shower curtain swayed. Penny's naked breasts came into view. Dick didn't expect a full mouth kiss but I got one, hard and needy. Bethany had told Dick that Penny felt left out. Was Penny turned on by the thought of STRIP? Her hand on his ass was a sure sign she was interested in him.

Dick was turned on, this close to her naked body. God, what has this program done to me? I never thought about my kids and sex at the same time. First, I brought my wife and son together, and now I'm fantasizing about my daughter. Dick put one arm around Penny's naked body and hugged back. God, her skin was so smooth and slippery from the shower. He wanted desperately to let his hand wander lower, explore the nether regions- No, this was sick. Dick opened the window and shook the spider from the cup. "There, all gone."

The doorbell rang. Cassi poked her head into the bathroom. Penny had pulled the shower curtain shut and stepped back, her figure obscured by the frosty curtains. "That's Sandy. She's taking me to the Amtrak station."

"Where are you going?" Penny leaned forward. Her nipples poked at the plastic curtains.

"Your father will explain."

Dick gave his daughter one last lecherous glance and followed his wife down stairs. When Cassi opened the door, Sandy was there, arms crossed. Her short pixie haircut reminded Dick of Mary Lou Retton, except her extended jaw, like a bulldog. She glared at Dick as if he'd intentionally run over her dog. Dick didn't even know if she had a dog.

To Sandy, Cassi said, "Let's go." Sandy took the suitcase from her fiend's hand. "I'll call when I get there. There's some food in the fridge. The carryout menus are in the drawer by the stove. Let Penny try her hand."

Dick remembered the feel of Penny's fingers on his butt. What would he do if she tried that again? "Cassi, don't go. We can make this work. I know it, and so do you."

Sandy snorted, took Cassi's hand and led her down the cement walkway.

After Cassi walked out, Dick looked at the landing at the top of the stairs. Penny stood in her bathrobe, the belt tied around he waist. He was certain she was naked under the robe, fresh from her shower. 

Dick took one step up the staircase. Penny untied the belt and let it drop to the floor.

He advanced one step closer. Penny slid her leg through the gap, exposing it from her toe all the way up to her groin. Her crotch was still covered but her cleavage was exposed, as well as the inside curves of her breasts.

With one more step, Dick anticipated that the robe would open, and his daughter's body would be on full display. Not only available for viewing, but for touching and kissing and probing and-

The doorbell rang again.

Dick stopped dead in his tracks. "There, your mother changed her mind."

Penny scowled, pulled her robe shut and retreated to her room.

Dick flung the door open expecting Cassi. Instead Bethany came through, in a scoop necked blouse, knee length skirt and calf-high boots. Her eyes were red, and the scant make-up she'd applied had run down her cheeks.

"What's wrong?

She fell into Dick's arms. He held her to comfort, not to seduce, but his prick was still stiff from Penny's peek-a-boo show.

"My parents caught me in these clothes and threw me out. They said they didn't want a slut living under their roof."

"There, there. You're no slut." Although Dick had seduced her quite easily after Rod did the groundwork. Had she started sleeping with STRIP students?

Penny came barreling down the stairs. She displaced her father as the Bethany hugger. "Let's go to my room." Supporting her best friend, Penny led Bethany upstairs. 

* * * * * * * * * * 

Penny and Bethany walked up in tandem. Penny pushed the door open but let her best friend go in first. Once inside, Penny pushed the door shut and hugged Bethany.

"What am I going to do?" Bethany's arms held on tight.

"It'll be okay. Stay here with us."

"I can't do that forever."

"Just until your folks come around."

Bethany pulled her head from Penny's shoulder. "It's my father. My mother is generally okay but doesn't think she can say anything to contradict him."

"Well, maybe I'll have a little chat with your dad."

For the first time during this visit, Bethany smiled. "You know I love your family. You. Rod. Your father." Bethany brushed her lips against Penny's.

"And we love you." Penny leaned forward and gave her best friend their first shared kiss.

"You're my best friend." Bethany kissed back once, and then again. "Did you just shower?"

"Yeah, plus I was making a move on daddy dearest." Penny opened her robe. "I flashed him." It seemed to make sense at the time, given their growing physical intimacy.

"Wow! And how did he react?"

"I don't know. You rang the doorbell."

"Oh my goodness. I'm so sorry." Bethany's arms snaked under the robe, surrounded Penny's naked body and brought her close for more kisses. "hey, want to try something? Pretend your tongue is a penis and put it into my mouth."

Penny did as instructed. Bethany's tongue was rolled up, simulating a vagina. Their joined saliva fizzed like soda in Mentos. "Where'd you learn that?"

"They teach us all kinds of things in STRIP. I love the sex-"

"Hang on. STRIP doesn't allow sex."

"I meant, the sexual stuff we do. All simulated. The only real sex I've had is your father. I want Rod to make love with me, but he refuses." Bethany massaged Penny's ass with her fingers.

Penny was pleased by the physical attention. She craved it, and her best friend was delivering. "You're getting me wet."

"Ooh, me too." Bethany brought a hand around Penny's waist, across her belly and down. "Wow, you're not kidding." Without announcement, she slid a finger into Penny's pussy.

Penny squatted a bit and spread her thighs to allow easier access. If her best friend could feel her up, she deserved the same privilege. She shoved her hand up Bethany's skirt. Her panties were a trivial barrier. Bethany's pussy was slippery, more like mucus. "Do you like this?"

"Uh huh. Where's your purple plastic penis?" Bethany's cunt pulsed and squeezed the digital intruder.

"By the bed." Penny wanted even more physical attention. "Touch my clit."

Bethany brought her thumb into contact with Penny's mini penis. "Would you like to play around?"

Penny was having fun, almost too much fun. She knew what would make them both feel better, and it didn't involve woman on woman fondling. "Maybe later. Right now, we need a different therapy." She shrugged the robe from her shoulders.

Bethany brought her idle hand around to Penny's chest. "Your tits are so nice. I wish mine were smaller."

Penny brought a hand up to Bethany's blouse. It wasn't the same as feeling bare skin, but Penny didn't want to strip her friend. At least, not at that moment. "But yours are so big and firm. The guys drool over tits like that. Marsha has to beat them off with a stick." Marsha was the head cheerleader, with breasts that rivaled Bethany's in size but perhaps not in self-support.

"Or maybe she just beats them off." Bethany giggled. "Can I feel your breasts against mine?"

"Later, I promise. We've got to get going before the stores close."

"Why? Where are going?"

"Shopping therapy, on Daddy."

* * * * * * * * * * 

Dick paced for what seemed to be hours. The girls came down, bubbling and joking. Penny was dressed in tank top and jeans. She radiated a glow. Bethany's face had been washed.
