 Chapter 13 - Patience With Patients

WARNING:

The following story is for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upset you, or you are offended by subjects of a sexual nature - do not read any further! 

This story is for entertainment only. It contains adult oriented material. This is a work of fiction. The acts and characters contained within are figments of my imagination and have no basis in fact. I do not practice, advocate, condone or encourage acts portrayed here. The characters in the story are entirely fictional. You need to believe that all of the characters are over the age of eighteen.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached.

* * * * * * * * * * 

This is Chapter Thirteen of a multi-part Naked In School story. The characters:

Father: Dick Treyshun

Mother: Cassi Fallopia

(Second marriage for each.)

Son (his): Rod Treyshun

Daughter (hers): Penny Fallopia

Bethany Chaudri: Penny's best friend and sometimes Rod's girlfriend

Venka Chaudri: Bethany's father

Indira Chaudri: Bethany's mother

In Chapter Twelve, Dick and Penny culminate their first sexual liaison with a second opportunity in the shower. After she dismisses her daughter, Cassi tells Dick a story about how she hooked up with an old school friend, Milo. The story gets Dick excited, much to his amazement, and they have their first intercourse since her return. At work, consultant Gwen invites Dick to her room in the hotel hosting the big system conversion celebration, to which he isn't invited. Rula, Gwen's daughter shows up. Dick and Rula share how they were both invited to Gwen's room and promised a 'surprise.' Believing they were set up to be with each other, they undress and enjoy foreplay. Just as Dick slides his cock into her daughter, Gwen shows up. She tells Rula that her surprise was a new car, parked in the hotel garage, and that Dick's surprise was half of her bonus for a successful project. Instead of going downstairs to see her new car, Rula says she'd like to finish what she and Dick had started. Gwen returns to the party, leaving them to each other. 

* * * * * * * * * *

The hotel door hadn't clicked shut before Gwen's daughter Rula was fondling Dick's cock again. Her lips toyed with the head as her fingers ran the length. "I'm going to gobble you up."

Dick desired a more active role. "How about some sixty-nine?"

Rula's head tilted. "What's that?"

"Mutual oral sex. ÊCome here and I'll show you." 

Dick directed Rula's body with gentle pressure until her head was over his cock and her spread thighs framed his head. God, she had a good-looking pussy.

Rula sucked him deep as he spread her labia and flicked her clit with his tongue. As her thighs spasmed closed, her head bobbed, taking more of his cock down her throat than she was prepared for. She coughed and caught her breath before asking, "What the hell did you do?"

"Hasn't anyone ever gone down on you?" Dick asked.

"God, no. My fiancŽe thought oral sex was dirty. I'd have to beg him just to give him a blowjob."

"How's this?" He put his lips to hers and hummed, his tongue reaching through her labia.

Rula's body convulsed, moving away from his direct assault. "Holy shit! I'm just too sensitive down there. It looks like you're ready."

She swung around, putting them face to face, her on top. "How did I taste?"

"Marvelous."

She squatted on his cock. His twitching fingers fluttered around her cleavage. "That tickles." He repeated the faint touch. "You want to see them, don't you?"

Dick nodded. "Uh huh."

"Okay, here you go." Rula reached behind and unclasped her bra. The garment fell onto his chest, quickly followed by two hanging orbs of flesh. Each had a large dark circle with a hard nubbin in the center.

Dick held one and brought it to his lips. ÊThe other rested against his chest. He sucked at the nipple, pressing it between his determined lips. 

Rula's hips came down hard on Dick's cock, slamming it home. She pulled his face from her breast and kissed him. He hefted the other tit and kissed it like the other.

Rula pounded against him. 

Up to that point, Dick had been firm but cautious. "Would you like to get more vigorous?"

Rula sat up and shook her tits from side to side. "Hell yes!"

"Okay, we're going to shift positions. Let me out." Dick's cock pulled from her pussy as he slid out from under her body, leaving her in a perfect doggy stance. Dick approached from behind, rubbing her back.

After aligning their genitals, he impaled her on his cock then leaned over and took one orb in each hand. ÊAs he humped, he squeezed, palpated, and exercised her tit flesh.

Rula gasped for air as he assaulted her with his deadly weapon. "I should have - oooh - let you play - mmmm - with my tits - ahhhh - earlier."

"I'm not going to hold back," said Dick. "I'm going to cum and cum hard." Dick considered using the 'bullet' term but that was so 'Milo.'

"Do it!" Rula cried. "Fuck me, fuck me and cum!"

And he did, hot and hard, deep inside her. Holding his depth, his cock quivered twice more, completing his orgasm. He decided not to ask if or how many she'd experienced. Not gentlemanly. Rula collapsed on the bed and curled up, her breasts hanging to the side. 

Dick took a quick shower to rinse off their sweat and sexual juices. Rula seemed to be asleep when he finished getting dressed so he pulled a sheet and blanket over her naked body and crept out. 

Gwen was exiting the elevator that Dick had summoned. "So, how did things work out? All satisfied?"

"Yes, both of us. Listen, I'm sorry I misunderstood."

Gwen leaned close. "You didn't exactly. I was hoping that after I gave you the check, you'd consider sleeping with me."

"Really?" Her previous touching and body rubbing hadn't been accidental after all. 

Gwen nodded. "Bridget has been all over my case, telling me what I was missing. But she insisted you and her never-"

"That's right. We didn't. But she and my son Rod did. Maybe she was extrapolating. You wouldn't have had to pay me, you know." Dick thought quickly. "How long will you be in town?"

Gwen took one step back. "I'm driving Rula up to Madison tomorrow, then flying out to my next assignment. Colorado."

"That's too bad. We would have had a good time, you and me." Dick reached out and took Gwen's hand.

Gwen squeezed it. "I'm sure Rula will rub it in all the way to Wisconsin. Good bye, Dick."

"Good bye, Gwen, and thanks." He leaned closer, unbalanced.

They exchanged a kiss with mouths misaligned. Dick considered escorting her back to her room, fulfilling her desires directly. But it was very late, and he was pretty well exhausted from her daughter, and the two women had a hectic day ahead. Besides, Rula would have asked for seconds, and Dick knew he wasn't up for two more tumbles.

Dick fantasized about what Gwen would look like naked all the way home, which kept him from falling asleep at the wheel.

* * *

Noise woke Cassi from a sound sleep. She pulled back the covers and dragged herself out of bed. Dick's feet got exposed in the process. He shivered and pulled the blankets tight around his body. Downstairs, the kids had left behind their plates, bowls, cups and silverware. They'd had something to eat, thank goodness, before they ran off. The reason for their early departure was documented on the family calendar. There was a game, and Penny's squad would be on the sidelines, cheering, as always. Rod was supposed to drive her both ways and run some errands during the competition.

Cassi climbed the stairs, her pussy puckered at the thought of her son. Dick had rolled over, one leg exposed. "The kids are on the run already."

Dick looked at the alarm clock. "On a Saturday?" He sat up, yawned and stretched.

"Rod drove Penny to an away game." Cassi decided to tease her husband. "Too bad because I'm really horny."

"What am I, chopped liver?" He pulled off the covers. His cock made a tent in his pajama pants. "You know, you don't need Rod for sex."

"I know. And I'd love to have sex with you, dear, but the whole point is variety. I can have you any time." Cassi hoped the next time was only a few minutes away.

"Maybe not, if you continue with that attitude." He swung his legs off the bed.

"By the way, how was the conversion party? You got in after I fell asleep, and that was already late."

"I wasn't invited." Dick stretched his arms above his head and yawned with a snarl.

"But I thought -." Cassi put her hands on her hips. Ê"Then where were you?

"Gwen, she was the chief consultant on the project, she wanted to meet me."

"Ooooooh, good. ÊDid you have sex with her?"

"No. And that's the truth." Dick's face was a bit red. He was hiding something. "Fact is, she split her bonus with me. ÊFive thousand dollars."

The truth is exposed. "Oh Dick! ÊThat's wonderful. You could have thanked her personally. Know what I mean?" Cassi winked.

"Come on! ÊThis is someone I worked with."

Cassi sauntered over. "I'm sorry. I just want you to have your first extramarital experience."

"I did already. Don't Sandy and Penny count?"

"They were before I got back. I meant after we had our chat. ÊI don't like being so far ahead."

"Are you keeping track? Really?"

"Not by number, but there needs to be some balance if we're really going to have an open marriage. Maybe I'll fix you up."

"The problem is, I don't need anybody else. Just you."

Cassi plopped down on the bed alongside her husband. "You know, you can still say sweet things when you try." She batted as his erection until it escaped from the fly in his pajama pants. "How about if I tell you another story?"

Dick rubbed his fingers hard against his scalp. "Oh no! Not another one. What is it this time, the young man on the train?"

"I told you, that one isn't worth telling. This one is much more interesting. After sex with Milo, I was worried that I had some kind of condition that drove me into the arms of other men."

"You mean a sex disease? So, what, did you go see a doctor?"

"Heavens no. That town is so small; everyone knows everyone else's business. I didn't want to embarrass my parents."

"And the Milo incident? That stayed private?"

"He'd be discreet, for his own sake. Quit interrupting. Instead of a doctor, I went to the library."

Dick almost stifled a chuckle. "You didn't have sex with the librarian, did you? That is such a clichŽ."

Cassi slapped Dick's shoulder. "If you'll stop guessing, I'll tell you."

"Okay. I'm all ears."

"Only ninety percent. Ten percent is this." She stroked his exposed penis. "I wanted to read up on human sexuality, hoping to gain some insight. Turned out, there was a man searching through the same area. It was a bit embarrassing, pulling sex books off the shelf with him standing there, but then he was doing the same thing. So finally, I said hello and introduced myself. He shook my hand and told me he was Doctor Murphy, in town for a seminar."

"What luck!" Dick writhed as Cassi continued slow pulls at his erection.

"Precisely, a doctor from out of town who would leave with my secret. So I described my situation-"

"Right there in the library? About you being addicted to sex?"

"I used different words, but pretty much. I told him about Rod, and the young man on the train-"

"You keep skipping over that one."

"Because it was boring. Where was I? Oh yes, and about Milo."

"And did he have any diagnosis, or did he say you were just a wanton woman? A sex maniac?"

Cassi slapped at Dick's cock. "Please. This is serious. Doctor Murphy told me that, statistically, it was either mental or physical, with a fifty-fifty chance."

"Doesn't sound too helpful. Even I could have made that diagnosis."

"So I asked him to check me out."

Dick laughed. "Of the library? Did you really say that?"

"No, funny man. I asked if he'd examine me, to improve the specificity of his diagnosis. You should have seen his face light up, like he'd never been asked to see a naked woman. He offered to take me back to his hotel room. So I left my car and drove in his rental - a full sized Mercury - to the Marriott Suites."

"A real big spender, this guy."

"Shhhh. So we got to his room, and he stood there, waiting, as if I knew what to do. So I got undressed and laid down on his bed, my legs spread and said, 'Take a look.' He practically fell on his knees between my thighs, pushing my labia apart. He was breathing so hard; I felt his exhales on my pussy. It tingled, you know, and I bucked my hips. I asked him, 'Don't you need a tool or something, to check inside?' And he said, 'I only have this.' And he stood up and dropped his pants. God, he had an erection."

"Strange that a doctor didn't have his black bag with him. And doctors aren't supposed to get hard when they're examining patients, are they?"

"Probably not, but this one was. And his cock was beautiful." Cassi put her arm around Dick and stoked his penis harder. "Not huge but with a gentle curve and a fat head that was dripping. I got so turned on, I begged for it. I couldn't believe the words coming out of my mouth. 'Use your tool with me. Oh please, use it now!' And I held my arms open as an invitation."

"So?"

"So, he threw off his clothes and jumped between my legs. I lined him up and rubbed the head of his cock up and down my slit. With one lunge forward, he was mostly in. And it felt marvelous, like I hadn't had a hard cock in months. And do you know what he said?"

"Let me guess. 'What a great pussy you have'?"

"No. He said, 'What are the odds a guy like me finds a hot sexy woman like you in a library?' As he fucked me, he kept repeating, "What are the odds?'"

"Very strange."

"I thought so too. On the other hand, I was mostly distracted at the time, getting fucked by a guy with a whole lot of enthusiasm despite a lack of technique."

Dick reached around Cassi and pulled her closer. "Didn't you enjoy it?"

"I didn't say that. But he wasn't tuned into what I needed. Just what he was feeling, which was very excited. It didn't take too long for him to climax, leaving me still horny and still undiagnosed."

"I'm so sorry. I wouldn't have left you in that condition."

"Which is why you're my husband and Doctor Murphy was a one-off. The funniest thing was afterwards, when he was driving me back to my car. Again, he asked me, 'What did you think the probability was that you'd meet someone in the library and have sex with them?'"

"So I guessed, 'One in a million.' And he said, 'Maybe I should buy a lottery ticket.'"

"Waste of money. Doesn't sound like he's very smart at all."

"Hang on. It gets better. He still hadn't given me his professional opinion, so I asked for it. And he said, 'You're a great lay.'"

"That's a professional opinion?" Dick kissed Cassi's cheek. "I could have told him that without resorting to a sample."

"You're so sweet. And your dick is getting juicy." Cassi's hand slid more easily with pre-cum lubricant. "So I said, 'I don't mean my performance. I mean, my condition.' And he said, 'I should have been more honest with you. I am a doctor with a PhD, but in statistics, not medicine.'" Can you believe it? I had sex with a math geek."

"I could have told you that picking up a stranger in a library wasn't going to be satisfying. I would have bet on it."

"Very funny. You know, your sense of humor is one of the reasons I love you so much. And I'm so horny, I'll even have sex with you."

"Thanks a lot. I accept your generous offer." Dick pulled Cassi on top of him, his erection a pendulum between her thighs.

"I always know I'll be satisfied with you. More than satisfied." He put his palms on her ass cheeks.

Cassi felt the tip of Dick's cock against her naked pubes. She was ready to have him, but just not at that moment. A bit of procrastination would make the experience even hotter. "Be a dear and go get a half gallon of milk and a newspaper at the corner."

"Huh? I thought we were going to-"

Cassi climbed off the bed and grabbed a robe from her closet. "We are. When you get back from your errand. The fresh air and exercise will do wonders."

Dick got dressed as if the house was on fire. "Oaky, but as soon as I get back-"

"I'll be ready. Meanwhile, I'll think about other women who might enjoy-"

"No! I can find my own sex partners." Dick jogged out of the room and down the stairs.

* * *

Cassi was in the kitchen, scanning the cupboard to see what kind of cereal she'd eat. After sex with Dick. He'd be hot as a firecracker when he got back, after her delaying tactic. Which is exactly what she wanted, a lover who was crazed and horny. The doorbell rang. had Dick forgotten his keys in his rush to leave?

When Cassi opened the door, Bethany stood, eyes closed, arms out. "Oh, Mr. T. the worst things have happened-" Bethany opened her eyes and startled. "Mrs. T., you're back!" Bethany's arms collapsed at her sides.

"Yes, just yesterday. What's wrong, dear?"

Bethany sniffed and rubbed her eyes. "Rod dumped me for someone else. And in public!"

Cassi took Bethany's hand and led her inside. "That's terrible! He didn't say a word." She had to be heartbroken.

"Yeah, and for his STRIP partner, of all the people." Bethany plopped onto the futon. "Did you know that some kids in STRIP were having sex during instruction, on the sly?"

"No!" Maybe that's why Rod was avoiding her, because he was getting his share at school.

"Yeah, they keep it very quiet and just kind of slip it in. If the girl approaches orgasm, they keep it to themselves the best they can."

Cassi got moist thinking about nubile and hunky students silently fucking. "And the instructors don't intervene? I though sex was forbidden."

"I don't know why, but they let it happen." Bethany leaned forward. "Yesterday in class, we're all rubbing naked bodies and getting each other really horny when there were noises from the back practice mat. Rod's partner was laying with her legs up in the air, yelling that she loved Treyshun cock and that Rod should fuck her."

Treyshun cock? How could she know? "Really? And Rod?"

"Rod was pumping away, no holds barred, saying how he loved her small breasts and her tight pussy and that - and that - that he loved her!"

"Oh my dear!" Cassi sat down next to her pretend daughter and gave her a hug. Bethany's large breasts pressed against her chest. "I'm so sorry."

Bethany leaned away. "That's not the worst part. When I went home to tell my folks, Mom was out so I talked to Dad."

"He was against STRIP from the very beginning, if I remember correctly. I bet he had a big 'I told you so' for you-"

"That's just it. He put his arm around me and told me not to worry, that there plenty of men that found me attractive, even sexually desirable. Then his hand slipped to my breast. I told him to get his hands off me, and I tried to get away but he was all over me, pulling at my clothes, popping buttons and tearing zippers. Before I could get away, he had me on my back, my legs apart and oh God, he put his penis inside." Bethany practically collapsed onto Cassi.

Raped by her own father! In Penny's case, both she and Dick were consenting partners. "That's awful."

Getting rejected by Rod and raped by her father will do terrible damage to Bethany's self-image. What she needs is a caring partner, who could show her the right way to- The light bulb came on. Dick would be perfect for the job. He always liked Bethany, like a second daughter, and he's already slept with the first one. They both really enjoyed it, from the sounds she'd heard while she and Rod got reacquainted. "Have you had sex with Rod?"
