 Thanks to AngelLove for the editing assistance. This is my first story for Literotica. 

*

My buddies have always told me that I had the best job in the world. I worked as a DJ in a strip club.

I know, I know, it sounds like a dream job; surrounded by beautiful women; getting paid to look at boobies all day. It sounds like heaven. But, like all jobs, it has its good times and bad. I do have to admit, though, the good times were very good.

It's not like I needed the money. In college, I roomed with a kid named Eric. Eric was an incredibly gifted computer nerd. He had a tendency to stay up all night typing on his computer and keeping me awake. I really didn't mind too much, because we always had the cutting-edge technology in that little dorm room. When I could tear him away from his programming, we would kill all of our free time playing the newest games, and checking out this new thing called 'the web'. I supported myself during my college years DJing at parties and clubs. I would do any gig, from raves to wedding receptions. I had my own equipment, and had a couple of buddies help me out with lights and sound.

In our senior year, Eric began working on a project that was taking up all his time and effort. At first, I really didn't pay a lot of attention to it, because I really didn't understand it. From what my limited knowledge of computers could figure out, it had something to do with a programming language for internet servers. He said it would revolutionize the computer industry. I really didn't understand it, but I gave him encouragement, and helped him with his other class work, so he could devote most of his time to the project. 

When graduation came around, he and I parted ways. I was off to some crappy job in sales and marketing, and had plans to get married to a sweet girl I met during my senior year, while he was off to work for a small software company in California.

A year later, I was married to a woman who didn't love me, in a crappy job I didn't like, when Eric called to ask for a favor. He said he had perfected his project, and wanted to start a company to develop it and sell it. He was looking for investors to get the startup capital. I had a good feeling about it, so I took out a loan from the bank, and gave him what I could. He told me I wouldn't regret it, and promised me I would get my money back. I had no problem with it, but my wife sure did. She was furious that I would just throw money at some college friend, and she divorced me.

About a year later, I got a call from Eric again. He had used the capital he had built up, and started his company in a small office in Silicon Valley. His project turned out to be very successful, and he just got an offer from a larger software development company to buy him out. The next thing he told me shocked me beyond belief. They were offering him four million dollars. And he wanted me to take half. He said that I was the biggest investor in his company, and since I always stuck by him, he wanted me to get half the proceeds. 

I invested most of it, and set myself up pretty nicely. I kept my job in marketing, but only on a part time basis. I took a couple of vacations, and bought myself a spacious condo, for investment purposes, of course. My portfolio grew nicely, and by the time I hit my thirties, I was pretty well set. That came in handy when my company was bought out and I was laid off.

I found myself with absolutely no direction. I had no idea what to do. I did a little partying; went out to the bars and clubs with some buddies. I found myself going to strip clubs fairly often. I enjoyed the atmosphere, and the fact that I had some money made me pretty popular with the dancers. My buddies liked to go with me, because I would always help them out, because I knew the ins and outs of the strip clubs. 

One day the manager of one of the clubs I went to approached me with an idea. His name was Mark, and he wanted to open up his own strip club. He knew that the only way to make real money in the business was to be an owner. His idea was to open up a club with a bar, and had money from his parents to start up the business. Since he wanted a bar, he had to limit the nudity to just topless-only, to stay within the local ordinances. He wanted my help in working on the sound system and the DJ booth, since I had some experience in that area. I was a little wary, because I get approached quite a bit from acquaintances trying to get money from me for some crazy idea or another, but he assured me that he didn't need any of my money, just my expertise. He would even pay me a decent stipend for my help. I had nothing else going on so I agreed.

Mark found a nice location just outside of town, to comply with the local zoning laws. We were in a medium-sized community with three other strip clubs. This location was on the other side of town from the others, and actually was closer to town, thanks to the easy highway access. The building used to be a manufacturing business, and had been completely gutted. It was just an empty shell when we first scouted it out. 

Mark was smart, and hired an outside contractor who specialized in designing nightclubs to come in and renovated the building. Once most of the interior was completed, I came in to set up the booth and the sound system. From my experience, I knew what I wanted in a proper sound booth. I had them put a small office off to the side of the booth for music storage, and to have a 'quiet space' to get away. We had them put in the best cd players, along with a couple of turntables, for that 'old school' feel. We had a great sound board and lighting controller, along with a multimedia computer. It was a pretty sweet setup, and I was pretty proud of myself.

The club was set up with three stages, with an area in the rear of the club for private dances. It had a game room, a waterproof shower room for special shows, and a nice backstage area for the dancers, with a large dressing room, showers, and laundry facilities.

Up front were two full service bars, with a lot of seating, and an office set up on the side, with one-way mirrors to look over the whole club.

As the club started to take shape, I found myself becoming more involved then I originally intended. Mark was relying on my opinion more and more as we went along. When it came time to staff the club, we went out together to look for dancers. We hit the rival clubs, looking for talent to recruit. We put ads in the local paper, and on the internet. We even went to some of the local nightclubs, looking for some fresh faces.

While hanging out at one of the nightclubs, we met a very energetic young lady named Becky. She had short black hair, and a generous chest. She was about 5' 6", and her tight t-shirt really accented her ample bosom. As Mark and I bantered with her, she seemed to warm up to the idea of being a dancer. She was a college student with bills to pay, and seemed pretty comfortable with her strong sexual nature. We met a few other possible prospects in the nightclubs, and handed out quite a few business cards.

Most of our recruiting focused on the other strip clubs. We needed to get some seasoned professionals with a following. We found Jasmine, a beautiful blonde with some big, fake tits. She had quite a following, and wanted to try something new. She knew how to dance, but more importantly, how to treat the customers right. She recommended Rachael, an older brunette who was athletic and had a big following of regulars.

In another club, we found Darcy, a short blonde who seemed so ditzy and naive that we were going to pass her by, until I decided to get a private dance from her. She was a fantastic private dancer, and as we talked, I found out that her 'dumb blonde' personality was all an act. She was actually very intelligent, with a college degree. She knew how to play the customers like a fiddle, and was investing her money wisely.

We also found Nadia in one of the rival clubs. Nadia was a beautiful, pale-skinned redhead. She was a mousy-looking young girl who stood 5' 7", but only when she wore 5" heels. She and I got along great. She was really just a bookish nerd. We talked for hours one night in the club she worked at, and she was a little apprehensive about switching clubs, but I finally talked her into checking us out.

We held open auditions about two weeks before opening night. The ads we placed in the newspaper and online received a great response and we must have gone through 50 girls. Unfortunately, a lot of girls just couldn't dance. We had them put on tall heels and move around on the stage to some music. Some girls looked like they have never put on a pair of heels in their life. We had a few who burst out crying when we asked them to take off their tops. I felt sorry for some of them, because they just didn't know what they were getting into. 

We did find some great prospects out of the auditions. Crystal was a really cute girl-next-door type who just graduated from high school. She was the type of girl who came from a sexually-repressed upbringing, who was ready to burst once she left the house. She could move really well, and had a lot of potential.

Zoey was a tall, skinny brunette who wasn't that great in the face, but could work the brass pole better than anyone I've seen. The first thing she did was take a running jump at the pole, swung her legs up, and held herself upside down while she ripped her top off. That was a good first impression.

Candy answered our online ad. She had long brown hair down to her knees, and had done some modeling work. She was very athletic and had beautiful eyes. Lisa was a pretty blonde who had danced in the past, but took some time off to get married and have kids. She kept herself in real good shape, and wanted to get back into the business. Amber was a hippy-chick with long-strawberry-blonde hair. She had huge natural tits, and an energetic personality. Heather, one of our recruits from the other club, even brought in her roommate, Heather. She was a cute blonde, but not very bright. She was ambitious, with a nice personality, so we hired her too. We picked out a few other girls throughout the audition process, and we finally had a full stable of dancers.

Once we hired all the support staff, like bartenders, waitresses and bouncers, Mark asked me if I would like to be the DJ. I had been bouncing around the idea in my head for a while, and decided it wouldn't be the worst job to have. I would be able to make my own hours, and would get a 10 percent tip out of what the dancers made, plus salary. I had to hire a couple of other DJs I knew to fill out the remaining shifts. With that, we were ready for opening night.

We promoted the club with a few ads on the sports page of the local paper. We also bought some radio commercials, and hired the morning radio DJs to come in for a remote broadcast. In the days leading up to the club opening, we had a few of the girls show up in the radio studio, which really helped out with the promotion of the club.

By the time we opened the doors on the first night, we had no idea what kind of reception we would have. We were pleasantly surprised by the response. We were packed opening weekend. We raked in the money, and it was a rousing success.

During the first week, I found myself working closely with the dancers. We would work together on music for their sets, and they would ask me for my opinion on how they looked. You find out very quickly that most dancers tend to be very self-conscious. They constantly need to be told how good they look, and are always fishing for compliments. A lot of them get into the business because they have some self-esteem issues that they need to work out. When you get into a business where you have to rely on your sexuality to make a living, it becomes essential to be very aware of how you come across to others. It's really like an acting job. That's why you find a lot of dancers are completely different than their onstage personas.

I was becoming a good friend to most of the girls. They would hang out in the DJ booth between sets, usually to pick out music, and watch the crowd for prospective customers. They would rely on me to keep an eye on the crowd, and help them look for possible 'cash cows'. Customers would come to me to ask for girls to take to the private dance area. My booth was connected by a hallway to the dressing rooms, so I could alert the dancers when their sets were coming up, or when a customer wanted a dance. The girls got used to my presence, and I got used to seeing them in all states of undress. While the customers would see them in their 'T-bars', or thongs, I would see them running around the dressing room totally nude, and the girls barely noticed.

One night, Lisa came up to my booth between sets, and plopped herself down on my chair.

"God, I am so horny!" she exclaimed.

"Excuse me?" I said with a smile.

"I'm going nuts out there! I haven't gotten anything from my husband in two weeks, and if I have to rub up against one more hard-on out there, I'm going to explode!"

I was a little surprised by her upfront discussion about her sex life. The unspoken rule around the club was to keep the home life at home, but I knew that eventually it would come out sometimes.

"Really? You poor thing. Imagine how they feel", I said, waving my arm to the crowd.

"They can go home anytime and rub one out. I have to be here for another three hours before my shift ends." she said, squirming in her seat.

"Why don't you take care of yourself in the dressing room?"

"Are you kidding me? The other girls are constantly going in and out of there, there's no place to be alone! I can't even get any privacy in the bathroom. I tried to get a little relief a few minutes ago, but Heather walked in and almost caught me!" she cried with a pained look on her face.

I looked around, and said, "I'll tell you what. I'll set up the computer for the next set, and I'll give you, oh, eight minutes to do what you need to do up here in the booth. No one will come up here while I'm out on the floor, and you can do what needs to be done."

She looked up at me with a sweet smile.

"You would do that for me?"

"Sure. Absolutely." 

I programmed the next set into the computer, and got on the mic to get the next rotation on the stages. After I finished, I turned around to her.

"I'll just go walk the floor until the next set. It's all yours."

As I walked to the door, she lightly touched my arm.

"You don't have to leave, you know." she said with a sly smile.

"I, uh, what?"

"Sit down", she said, pushing me back to my stool.

She leaned back in the chair, and ran her hands across her bare breasts. She had a great body for someone with two kids. She had recently enhanced her tits to keep them firm and full, and her stomach was tight and flat, thanks to a vigorous workout routine. She rolled her nipples between her thumb and forefinger while she tilted her head back against the wall. She spread her legs as her hands moved down her torso and ran her fingers along the front of her thong. I could see a wet spot forming on the T-bar as she moved her fingers under the waistband and down towards her pussy.

She dipped her fingers into her pussy, then drew them out of her thong and placed them in her mouth.

"Mmmmm. This won't take me long at all. I am so hot right now." 

Lisa spread her legs apart even further and used her left hand to pull the T-bar to the side to expose her pussy lips to me. She was completely shaved, and her lips glistened with her moisture. She ran her fingers along her cunt lips and up to her clit, letting out a soft moan.

"Oh god, this is so nice. I need this so bad!" she said, as she started to stroke her clit with a little more enthusiasm. Her legs started quivering as she started to get into it.

She moved her fingers up and down her lips, occasionally dipping her fingers deep inside her cunt, then out to play with her clit. 

"Ah! Ah! Ooooh! I'm almost there!" she cried as she shoved her finger deep into her pussy, as her thumb worked her clit.

"Here it comes! Yes! Yes!"

She threw her head forward, and then back as she came.

"Ahhh! Ahhh! Ohhhh god!" she yelled as she thrashed about on the chair. Thank goodness the music was loud enough to drown out her screaming.

She kept her head down as she started to come down from her orgasm and her breathing slowed down to normal.

"Wow! I needed that so bad!" she said as she looked up at me with a smile.

"That was one of the sexiest things I have ever seen," I said.

"I'm glad you liked it. Thank you for letting me use your booth. Please don't tell the other girls. I can't imagine what they would think of me if they found out I did this. And Mark. He would probably fire me for this!" she said, suddenly realizing what she had done.

"Don't worry. It'll be our little secret," I said.

"Cool. I'd better get ready for my next set. And I'd better go change out of this T-bar," she giggled.

With that, she kissed me on the cheek and left.

A couple of days later, I was approached by one of the new customers. He asked me who I might recommend for a private dance. I looked at the rotation list and noticed one of the girls that had some time before her next set.

"If I were you, sir, I would ask for Jasmine. She will definitely make it worth your while."

"Really? Could you send her over to my table?" he said, pointing out to the section that he was sitting.

"Absolutely. No problem. I'll go get her now."

"Thank you."

I looked out on the floor to see if she was busy with a customer, but I didn't spot her. I walked back to the dressing room, and found her touching up her makeup in the mirror.

"Hey, a guy asked me if I could recommend someone for a private dance, and the first person I thought about was you," I said to her reflection in the mirror.

"Bullshit. You just said that because I'm not already on stage," she said with a smirk.

"No. Really. You're the best. And I think he's got a lot of cash."

"Really?" Her eyes perked up at that.

"Sure. Go get 'em, girl," I said, and told her where he was sitting.

"Thanks! You're the best," she said as she scampered off.

At the end of the night, I was putting away the music and cleaning up, as the girls came up to tip me out. I always helped the girls get money during the night, because if they had a good night, I got a better tip-out. Jasmine was the last one to come up to the booth.

"Sorry I'm late. That guy wouldn't take no for an answer."

"Which guy?" I said.

"Remember the guy you got me the private dance with? He kept me back there all night! And you were right. He had a wallet full of cash. He kept wanting to take me out on a date. He told me he'd take me to Vegas; buy me a car, jewelry, all sorts of shit."

"Well good for you. I hope you two will be very happy together. When's the wedding?"

"Ewwww. Don't even joke about that," she said with a grimace. "Just because he's got money, doesn't mean I'm gonna automatically do whatever he wants. He wasn't that cute, and he was kind of annoying. I did take his money though," she grinned. "Here, this is for you."

She handed me five one-hundred dollar bills.

"Holy crap!" I exclaimed with a start. "All this is from him?"

"Well most of it. He was very happy with my work. He said you were the one who recommended me, and he said to say thanks."

"Well, I'm glad it worked out. For both of us," I chuckled.

"Hey, I want to celebrate," she said. "Let's go get some breakfast. My treat."

I was kind of a ritual after getting off work to go get breakfast at one of the all-night diners. It was a good way to wind down after getting out of work at the early hours of the morning.

"Sure! Let me get everything locked down here, and I'll meet you out front."
