 Surfing through TV channels, Carla paused on a show about male strippers. "Woo!" she said, surprising me. I didn't know she found that entertaining. Sure, we love watching hardcore porn together and she loved a good fuck as much as I do, but I thought her attitudes on stripping were a bit more conservative than mine.

She told me once, "I don't mind if you watch, but I don't think I could handle it if you had a lap dance." I was disappointed about the lap dance but very glad about the watching. I felt the same about her and male strippers. Or did I? I wasn't really sure.

Noticing how she was watching the show, I said, "You're sure hot for stripper action." 

She sat quietly and changed the channel. After going through all the channels we came back to the strip show, but she passed by it.

"Go back! If you like it, watch it," I said, wanting to see her turned on.

"You don't mind?"

"Of course not," I grinned.

The camera followed the guy and a woman into a private room. The woman was an ordinary middle-aged gal, anyone you'd find in the grocery store or the library. You just never know who the freaks are out there, and that's the way I like it. They put a black bar on the screen so we couldn't see the guy's goodies, but it was obvious what he was doing with the woman. Carla seemed enthralled. I thought I'd take a chance.

"You really should try that."

"Heh," she laughed.

"Really. If that would turn you on, give it a try. They're just having fun, it's nothing for me to be jealous about." 

She was quiet again while the show continued. Then she turned to me and said meekly, "What if I told you I've already done it?"

Woah! She's way ahead of me. Well, in once sense. I've enjoyed several strippers up close and personal, but I figured she'd never even considered it. I smiled and said calmly, "When did you do that?"

"Remember when I went on that company trip with Karen?"

"Ohhh! Did she talk you into it?"

Carla looked at the floor. "Not exactly. I kinda talker her into it." 

"So how was it? Did you get excited?"

"Mm-hm." There was a twinkle in her eye. "I guess it wasn't fair to you though, huh."

"Why do you say that?"

"Cause I got to do it and you didn't. I'm so sorry."

"Why? It's not like you were cheating. It's just a show. An act. It's not a relationship."

"I know. But I've thought about it a lot since then, and I've felt bad about what I did."

"Because you thought I'd be pissed if I found out?"

"Yeah."

"Well, you wasted the shame then. You coulda come home and told me how much fun it was and how you found a new thing that excites you."

She relaxed and said, "I just assumed you'd be mad. I never thought you'd be ok with it."

I smiled and kissed her, moving my hand across her belly, then up toward her breast which I cupped in my fingers. "Do you want to go do it again?" I said softly.

Grinning, she nodded yes. "I don't know if they have men strippers here, though."

"Well, we can find out."

"I know you wouldn't want to be there with him when he's doing his thing, but it would be fun if you came."

"No, I'd love to see you horny like that. I just don't want the guy waving it in my face."

"Why don't you try a girl stripper?" she said coyly.

"I'd like to, but only if you're ok with it."

"After seeing what it's like, I'm definitely ok with it. I thought they did much worse things, but they really don't do that much. So, go if you want to. Enjoy it if it turns you on."

Good god, it's nice to have an understanding wife. One who's as much of a freak as I am. "I will, then." 

It wasn't hard to find a place with a ladies night and male strippers, so we made a date. If you can call having a good time apart a date. I'd be thinking of her, and how turned on she was going to be, and hopefully she'd be thinking of how turned on her husband was. I put on a casual shirt and loose pants, while Carla wore a short, tight skirt and low cut blouse. We looked like extras from Saturday Night Fever, but we didn't care.

After getting a wad of cash from the ATM and splitting it in half, my wife dropped me off at the gentlemen's club and gave me a wild, deep kiss before I got out of the car, a kiss that left me walking to the front door with a boner. Paying the cover charge, I went to the bar, ordered a beer, and found a place on the shiny vinyl seat. The music was a loud, slow burning Pearl Jam song that went perfectly with the blonde girl gyrating on stage. She wasn't that attractive, and I looked around the room at the other patrons. 

A young couple was sitting near the stage and a blonde dancer with fake breasts was giving the guy's wife a sensuous table dance. There was a large black man next to the stage, some young white guys drinking together and talking to some dancers, and an older guy off in the corner talking to a voluptuous girl with sexy wild brown hair. I noticed she looked rather bored, and to my delight she saw me watching her and smiled. The poor slob she was with lost out. This girl was dynamite.

She strutted toward me with a grin, and I sat back in my seat and took her in. "Hi," she said with more than her voice - her whole body spoke to me. Her eyes, her soft lips, the way she flipped her hair to the side made her one word sound like a whole romance novel.

She sat next to me and laid her hand on mine. "I'm Lexie."

"I'm John."

The touch of her hand surprised me with a mixture of excitement and sin. This sumptuous woman was turning me on, and even though Carla said she was ok with it, I wondered if this is what she imagined. I looked into Lexie's soft green eyes and she seemed to know what I was thinking.

"Is you wife out of town, John?"

So she saw my ring. Who cares? What happens here, stays here. This place is all about sex, on whatever terms suit the customer. "No. Actually, she isn't."

"Really? Just too busy for you, maybe?"

I grinned. This was going to be good. "Not at all. We made a deal. She wanted to go to ladies night at that male stripper place. I wanted to come here. I'm fine with her adventure, she's fine with mine."

Lexie slid closer to me and moved her hand to my thigh. "You have a great wife, John. I have a suggestion for both of you."

"What's that?"

"Next time, both of you come here."

Ah, now this was my kind of stripper. "I noticed a couple over there enjoying a dance. You dance for couples?"

Her hand stroked my thigh and moved closer to my cock. "Yes," she whispered in my ear. I felt wisps of her wavy hair brush my cheek, and got goose bumps. 

"How can I get her to come, though? I don't know for sure if she's interested."

"Have you talked about it?"

"Yeah. She knows a threesome is my biggest fantasy. She said she wanted to try it, but we never get beyond that. I don't know if she's just trying to please me or if she really wants it."

Lexie leaned toward me and looked into my eyes. I felt her hand gently squeeze my thigh. "I've found that most women are bi-curious. Almost all the women who try it, like it. If you get her in here, I'll show her how nice it is."

"Lexie, you're my hero!" I laughed.

"Are you ready for some special attention?" she said.

"I'm ready for anything, now."

"Good! I'd like to show you the V.I.P. room."

"Let's go." ***

Nervously I waited outside for Carla to show up. I still had to get over the slight embarrassment of being seen at this place. I told myself that if anyone I knew saw me there, we'd be gridlocked. I couldn't mention it to him without admitting I was there also. My mind was too filled with Lexie to care much anyway. I could still smell her and it was a wonderful scent. Finally our car appeared in the lot and Carla pulled up to the curb.

"You have a big smile on your face," she said.

"So do you!" I'd never seen her so ebullient. It reminded me of when we started dating. I kissed her lips and put on my seat belt.

She said, "Well, I had a great time! It was so much fun. The dancers put on a great show."

"Did you have a private dance?"

"Uh huh. It was amazing. Way better than the other time. And I'm sorry, honey, but your cock will never seem big to me any more. I still want yours inside me, but now I've seen some really huge ones."

I laughed. "As long as you come home to mine, baby."

"So, how was your girl?" She grinned slyly.

"Wow. Lexie was her name. She was completely amazing."

"She sure smells nice. She left her scent all over you."

"Mm, I know."

"What did she look like?"

"She's gorgeous. If you ever get a boob job, I want yours to look just like hers."

"Oh, I've got to see her, then." 

Hmm. This is going well. A thought struck me. "Turn the car around. I'll introduce you."

She took her foot off the gas pedal and coasted a moment as if considering it. Then she pulled into the left lane. It looked like she was making a U-turn. While she waited for traffic to clear, she said, "How much cash do you have left?"

Pulling out my wallet, I counted two bills. 

"Me too. Ok. Let's go together."

Carla and I sat on the vinyl seat that stretched along the side of the room, I with a beer and she with a glass of sangria. I scanned the room for Lexie but she must have been on break or with another customer. The blonde with the fake boobs I'd seen with a couple earlier stopped by to greet us. I told her we were waiting for Lexie. "She'll be right out," she said with a note of disappointment.

Half way through my beer, she appeared. At first she didn't notice me. Then our eyes met. It was like she and I were the only two people in the room for a brief moment, and her face lit up in a warm sexy smile when she saw Carla next to me.

"That was quick!" she said. "I'm Lexie." She held out her hand.

My wife took it. "I'm Carla." 

Lexie softly shook her hand and then drew hers away, stroking Carla's palm with her fingers. She sat down next to my wife, their bare thighs lightly touching. They were having a conversation, but I wasn't paying much attention. It was much more interesting to watch Lexie seducing my wife. 

They laughed, and Lexie slapped Carla's thigh playfully. Then, leaning toward her, she put her hand on Carla's thigh and caressed it. She told her something quietly. I could see Lexie's glorious cleavage and noticed her eyes flash back and forth between my wife's breasts and eyes. 

Lexie turned to me. "So you want Carla to have tits like mine?"

I nodded.

"I'll have to show them to her so she'll know what you want."

"Sounds like a good idea," I said.

"Let's go, then."

I walked behind them. They walked holding hands, my wife and Lexie. Then Lexie put her arm around Carla's waste and she did the same. We arrived at our private booth and sat down.

With Lexie sitting on my lap, she teased Carla with her bikini top, starting to take it off and stopping. She tugged at her G-string, flashing her cleanly waxed pussy, and I saw Carla look down at it. Lexie noticed too, and stroked it to capture her pubic scent. Passing her scented finger across Carla's lips, my wife breathed in the essence and smiled. 

Now turned around, Lexie moved her round, firm ass in front of Carla's face and fingered her pussy again. Then she turned around and let her bikini top fall. Lexie took one breast in each hand, and leaned toward us, touching her nipples to each of our lips. I was excited, but more excited to watch my wife kissing Lexie's nipples. They looked into each other's eyes.

Her next move was to kneel on the seat with her legs spread apart, in front of Carla. She bent backward and thrust her barely covered pussy within an inch of Carla's face, then touched it as if she were masturbating. Carla reached down and touched between her own legs. Lexie slid a hand under Carla's skirt and must have reached her underwear by the way Carla looked up at the ceiling and took in a quick breath. She looked back into Lexie's green eyes, and the stripper reached over and stroked my cock. Our money was running out, and Lexie ended by giving Carla a kiss on the lips which, with help form her hand, brought me to orgasm. 

Lexie waved good-bye and blew me a kiss as she left us spell bound on the naugahide seat. 

I turned toward her. "How was it?"

She just sat there smiling, staring off into space.