 A/N: This is a short story requested by OysterMan.

*****

Veronica perked up at the sound of knocking on the door. It could only be the stripper she requested. Setting down her drink, she made her way to the door. She wondered what kind of man he was. The company didn't really go into it, but she supposed that's how they worked. It wasn't like she had any experience dealing with any escort service before. Finding the right one for friend's bachelorette party had been difficulty, but hopefully it was well worth the money she spent on it. Nervously, she opened the door.

The first thing she thought was he didn't look like a stripper. Dressed in a green hoodie and loose black sweatpants, he stared at her though shaded visors. He was a least a few inches taller than her so she estimated her was around six feet. His most notable feature was the six dots aligned on his bald, light brown forehead. She swore she'd seen or at least heard of something similar before a long time ago. Whatever the case may be, the stripper was here even if he wasn't what she expected.

"You're here. Good. I was waiting for you. Please come inside."

Stepping aside so he could come through, she closed the door behind him. Her heart pounded as she just realized what it meant to have him in her home. She never thought she would get the chance to have some quality fun. It had always been work, work, and work for her. Dealing with drooling men who only cared for her body made it hard for her to find someone worthwhile to tangle in the sheets with.

Noticing he still hadn't said a word, she asked, "Would you like something to drink?"

"Water please."

He was polite. That was good. Or maybe he was paid to please her, but whatever. Indicating he could sit on the couch, she headed for the kitchen where her drink was still waiting for her. If she had looked back, she would have seen him cocking an eyebrow as he stared at her ass.

Mags didn't know how it happened, but he somehow hit the jackpot. In a place he'd never been to, he was only looking for directions. He didn't even know how he got from the city to some nice, posh house in the middle of nowhere. It didn't really leave him much options on who to ask for help so he had sucked up and knocked on the door.

Honestly, he didn't know what he was expecting. Maybe an old lady or senile old man. What he got was a sexy ass lady answering the door. It was a good thing he was wearing shaded visors or else she would have known he was checking her out. She had long, black, wavy hair draped over light skin. With a tight tube top that emphasized her large breasts - they had got to be DD - and tight spandex leggings that didn't hide her curves, she practically ticked off everything he liked in a woman.

When their eyes met, he was slight put off by her big, intimidating, light blue eyes. For a moment, he thought he had somehow managed to piss her off without even knowing her. Instead, she invited him into her home acting like she had been waiting for him. Well, he wasn't going to say no to such a lovely lady. When she had left the room, he got an eyeful of her large, perfectly shaped ass. It was a good thing his pants were good at hiding erections.

Now he checking out her home. If it wasn't obvious before, it was quite clear he was in the home of wealthy woman. Mags mentally went through possible reasons why she was expecting him or at least someone. He was pretty sure he'd never seen her before in his entire life. She would be very hard to miss or forget. Maybe she was mistaking him for someone. He needed more information.

Said person returned with two glasses. One was water and the other was juice. She passed him the water. "Here you go."

"Thank you." He took a sip of his drink.

"It's a pleasure to meet you. I'm Veronica Espinoza."

So she was Hispanic. Not that he had any problems with that. In fact, he really digged them. He just hadn't wanted to assume, but with a name like that, it had to be. Then again he wasn't one to talk considering how no one would think he was a black person with his appearance and actual name.

"You may call me Mags."

She fidgeted. "So how do we do this? Do you need anything before we start?"

Start what? "Is there anything in particular you wanted?"

"Not really. This is the first time I've ever had a stripper over."

Now everything was clear. She thought he was the stripper. The question was what happened to the real stripper. He supposed it didn't matter. It would be a waste not to see how this turned out. The problem was he didn't know what a stripper did besides strip. Well, he was going to have to wing it then.

"Then let's get started." He stood up. "Stay right there and watch."

Veronica watched as he shook his hips and moved in what should be an erotic dance. Not sure what she was supposed to do, she watched intrigued as he danced around the coach that was if you count shaking his hips and thrusting his groin forward as dancing. Things escalated quickly when he suddenly whipped out his cock. She thought her eyes were going to pop open. He was huge. She didn't think it was possible for a man's cock to be so big and she'd seen plenty of them.

Licking her lips, she wondered what it would be like to have it shoved down her throat or pounding into her pussy. The mere idea made her wet. When she reached out to touch it, he pulled back. Confused, she looked up at him as he crossed his arms.

"Nope. No can do. I have some very important rules before we can continue. Rule number one is no touching."

No touching? That was a disappointment. She really wanted to feel it throbbing in between her hands. What a tease.

"That means you can't touch yourself. You're going to sit there and watch as I touch you with my cock."

She inwardly groaned. That wasn't fair. He got to touch her all he wanted and she couldn't do anything.

"If you're good, I'll revoke the rule."

Her heart jumped. All she had to do was wait it out. She could do that. With plenty of experience fighting for what she wanted, she wouldn't have any problems.

"Rule number two is clothes stay on until I say so. Any problems?"

Veronica shook her head. She just wanted him to hurry up and get to it. He didn't disappoint as he had his erect member right in her way. It wobbled and she was tempted to ignore the rules on suck on the tip. Something in her expression must have given her away because he pulled away.

"You really want this cock, don't you?" She swallowed. "Well, we'll have to see about that."

Grabbing a handful of hair, he wrapped it around his dick and stroked it lazily. It wouldn't be enough to make him come, but it felt good. She was staring at him with such wide eyes as he pressed the tip into her cheek. Mags saw her swallow and fidget as if to control herself. Her eyes stared longingly at his cock. It was nice to be appreciated.

Releasing her hair, he positioned himself behind her and rubbed her ears with his dick. She twitched at the sensation, and he saw her hands trailing down to between her legs. Immediately, he pulled away.

"I said no touching. If you can't follow simple rules, we can't really do anything fun, can we?"

Her hands returned to her side. He waited a bit to watch her fidget before rubbing himself against her shoulders. The smell of his sex filled her nose and she rubbed her thighs together. She could barely stand it. Her body was screaming to take his large, hard member into her no matter what. It was unbearably cruel of him not to let her have a taste or touch.

Mags was in front of her again and this time he was rubbing his dick against her breasts. The tip pressed into her erect nipple and a moan slipped from her lips as he rubbed against her nub. Her nipples were her weakness. Wetness formed in between her legs as he prodded her other nipple. She wanted it, no, she needed it right now. When he pulled away, she nearly screamed out in frustration.

He had to admit he was surprised by how she hadn't gotten up from her seat on the couch considering the hungry look she had been throwing his way since he whipped out his dick. In that moment, he thought she was going to jump him. She must have really good self-control unlike him. His cock really wanted to taste those delicious curves.

"I suppose you deserve a reward for good behavior. Have a taste."

The moment he said that she practically inhaled the head. She could taste the precum leaking from the tip. Her tongue swirled around it as she sucked on it. To think she had been missing out on such a glorious thing. Were most men this big and she'd been ignorant or it was just him? She wasn't even sure she could take it all.

Fighting back the urge to fuck her mouth, he couldn't help but marvel how amazing her mouth was. Her hands were alternating between stroking his dick to massaging his balls. When she released his cock with a pop, she ran her tongue along its length. Layering kiss on his testicles, she continued to stroke his dick. He was going to have to stop her before he could blow his load.

"I think that's enough." Her eyes flickered up at him as she nuzzled his cock. "Now take off your clothes."

Veronica didn't think it was possible for her to toss her top and drop leggings any faster. A part of her idly wonder if it was normal for the customer to do the stripping instead of the stripper, but that was shoved aside for the possibility of having the glorious dick fucking her. Her breasts jiggled as she pulled down her panties. A trail of her juices followed it.

"Are you going to fuck me now?"

"I have a better idea."

He moved behind her, and she expected him to grope her large breasts. She gasped as his hands gripped her hips and his cock slid between her thighs. Feeling it rub her wet cunt was too much for her and she came over his dick. Veronica couldn't believe what just happened. She came just from having his cock rub against her pussy, and he was still hard. If he actually put it in her, would she be able to last?

Nearly whistling in admiration, he had to say that was hot. Feeling the way her body quivered around her dick, he reveled in her softness. Her sweet ass was rubbing into waist. It was tempting to squeeze it to check its firmness or slap it to see if it jiggled, but there was something he wanted to do first. Realizing that holding her hips wasn't the best choice, he grabbed her arms and lightly folding them behind her back. She didn't resist.

"I'm going to start moving."

"Wha-"

A moan escaped her as he thrust into her thighs. His cock rubbed against her moist folds and even reached her clit. Her legs instinctively clamped together, catching his dick in a tight grip. With her thick thighs and bubble butt holding him in a vice grip, it almost felt like he was fucking her for real. She was absolutely refusing to let him go. Grinding his hips into her ass, he groaned at the sensation.

"You really like my cock, don't you?"

"I..." Her voice was cut off by another jerking of his hips. "What was that? I think you need to speak up."

Her mind was in a complete haze of pleasure and made it difficult to focus. She was still sensitive from earlier, and it was driving her crazy. At this rate, all she would be able to think about would be his cock. Unfortunately, she couldn't tell if that was a good or bad thing.

"I'm waiting."

With another thrust, she squealed, "Cock! I want your cock!"

Mags obliged her. Fucking into her thighs, he grunted as her ass slapped into his waist. Her breasts bounced and swayed with every motion he made. It was too bad he couldn't see her face. If he could, he would see her in utter bliss. Drool fell from the corners of her mouth, and her tongue stuck out slightly of her parted lips. Feeling himself get close again, he stopped just as another orgasm racked her body.

Both their bodies tensed, but for different reasons. When she leaned back into him, he found himself supporting all her weight. He backed up until his legs hit the couch and they fell back. With a grunt, he made sure to see she was okay. What he got instead was a lustful gaze and pleas to continue.

"Are you going to stay in those clothes?"

He shrugged before his clothes found themselves on the floor. "Now that's out of the way, how about you show me that lovely ass of yours?"

Without hesitation, she was on her elbows and knees as she shook her ass in the air. It was tempting to plunge his dick into her tight asshole, but it looked like she'd never used it before. Not only that, he wasn't sure if he would last very long. From her amazing blowjob and thighjob, he was ready to blow at any moment. He needed a little break.

His hands spreading her ass cheeks so he could peer at her asshole gave them a tight squeeze. She whimpered. Kissing and licking her plump ass, he breathed in the scent of her arousal. He could feel her body quiver with anticipation. Raising one hand, he slapped her right cheek. She squealed and lurched forward, but he was holding her hips in place. There was a slight redness from where he hit. Doing it again, he earned a groan this time.

"So you like that, huh?" Slap. "You love it when I slap your ass."

"Yes, I do! Slap me some more."

This time he slapped her other cheek. "I bet you're an ass slut. Tell me, are you an ass slut?"

"Yes, I'm an ass slut! I want you to fuck me in the ass!"

"Don't worry. I will."

He slid a single digit into her wet cunt making her moan. Once he was certain he gathered enough lubrication, he fingered her asshole with his wet digit. Her body tensed as he poked and prodded. She bit into the pillow as he forced one finger into her. Her hole was so tight. It was refusing to let his finger go. Using his other hand to scoop up more of her juices, he forced another digit to join the first.

This time she couldn't hold make her whimpers of pain. He whispered words of praise and encouragement about how well she was taking his fingers and how it would soon feel much better. She believed him and endured the pain of her asshole being stretched. Soon she was moaning and fucking into his fingers as a third and fourth joined. When he pulled out, she groaned in disappointment. She wasn't disappointed for long when she felt something pressing into her entrance.

Looking back, she could see his large cock ready to plow her. Holding the pillow close to her, she tensed as felt the head pushing into her rectum. She groaned as she felt him stretch her. It was only the head and it felt like it was going to split her in two. She came at the very thought and her juices spilled all over the couch.

Mags slammed the rest of his dick in and groaned at her tightness. Her asshole was determined to milk every drop of his seed out. It was absolutely amazing. Pulling out slowly, he watched as she moaned in both pain and pleasure. She had taken his cock like a champ, and it was only fair to make her feel good too. When it was only the head left still inside of her, he thrust right back in, and she arched her back. Grabbing her by the hair, he pounded into her.

She shrieked and moaned as he struck places she didn't think were possible. Even though she had never used that place before, it felt so good. There was no way she could go back. Her asshole was going to be permanently ruined and stuck in the shape of his dick. The thing was she didn't care anymore. As long as he had such an amazing cock, he could use her asshole as much as he wanted.

With a grunt, he pulled out just as she flipped onto her back and he came. His cum splattered all over her face as he milked out every drop. Her eyes and mouth were wide open with her tongue sticking out. In a daze, she licked some of the cum into her mouth. Panting, he enjoyed the sight of her covered in his cum. She really looked good in his cum. As he was about to relax next to her, he could hear someone knocking on the door.

Looking to her, he asked, "Were you expecting anyone?"

She had enough sense to shake her head, but immediately went back to bask in the afterglow. Throwing his pants back on, he went to answer the door with a feeling he knew who it was. Upon opening it, he was greeted with a rather attractive male cop except it wasn't a cop. It had to be the real stripper. He couldn't see a police car within sight.

"Is this the Espinoza residence?"

"Sorry, you got the wrong place."

The man frowned. "Do you know where I might find it?"

"Sorry, but no."

"Thank you anyway."

He immediately shut the door hoping he hadn't acted too suspicious.

When he returned back to her, she asked, "Who was that?"

"Just someone looking for directions."