 I took a recent trip to the state south of me to watch my son play hockey as he got traded to another team. Traveling back home I was only half way with 3 hours to go I was getting tired.

I came upon a small town and saw a little hotel. I decided instead of risking an accident I would get a room for the night. Once checked in I decided to go across the street for a little night cap.

I got in the bar and ordered a Captain Coke. The bar tender asked if I was drinking it here or the back room.

"Backroom?" I asked.

"Yes, backroom where the strippers are. We don't have a liquor license for that building. So, If you drink it here it's $5.00. If you take the drink to the backroom it's $6.00." He answered.

The bar just got a whole lot more interesting. "I will take it to the backroom." I answered.

"Okay, that will be $11.00. $5.00 door fee." He said.

I took my drink and went through a backdoor that went into a separate building. I was surprised to see a nice stage with a pretty girl dancing, about 20 customers in the bar and 5 other attractive lady dancers milling about. For a small town I was impressed.

I found a table and sat down and was watching the cute blonde on stage when an attractive kind of dark lady sat down next to me and asked if I wanted company.

I said, "Sure, my name is Brian." I extended my hand to shake.

"Hi Brian, my name is Roxy. You must be new here. What brings you here?" She said.

"I am heading home but got tired. Decided to spend the night at the hotel. Came over here for a drink and was surprised to find out there was a stripper bar."

While talking to Roxy I was checking her out. She was about 5' 3" tall. Thin lady of about 110 lbs. Straight black her down to the middle of her back. She had dark brown eyes. Her skin color had me confused. I was thinking American Indian, Italian or maybe Mid East? When I asked her ethnic background I was surprised when she said her mom is African American and her dad was 100% Swedish.

It didn't take long for Roxy to ask me if I wanted a dance.

"How much are the dances?" I asked.

"$20 for 3 songs in a private room."

I was floored. Where I come from $20 gets you a short one song dance at your table. How could I refuse? "Sure that sounds like a more than fair price."

She took my hand and took me to the back of the bar where there was a cheap curtain hanging in front and as we entered I thought, "This is a box, not a room." The room as about 6 feet deep with a love seat at the end.

I handed her the $20 and she tucked it into a little purse she had with her. I sat down on the couch and watched as Roxy took off her top revealing firm B cup breasts. She had dark brown nipples the size of a quarter and it appeared her nipples were already getting hard.

To my surprise she also removed her thong! I looked her up and down taking in the beauty of this young slender lady. As my eyes traveled down her body she had a half inch patch of trimmed pubic hair going to her pussy.

Roxy sat down on my lap and said, "We can wait until the next song to start. This way we can get to know each other."

Roxy was sexy as hell. She told me I was very handsome. She would get so close I thought she was going to kiss me. As the song ended she leaned in and gave me a long kiss on the lips.

The first song started. I sat with my hands at my side as is the rule in most stripper bars. Roxy had her back to me as ground her ass against my crotch getting the results she wanted as my cock got hard.

She leaned back against my chest and kissed my cheek then nibbled my ear and blew her hot breath into my ear. She slid her hands down my arms and took ahold of my wrist and brought my hands up to her breasts. I cupped her breasts and rolled her hard nipples between my fingers. She moaned in my ear with pleasure.

She got up and turned around then slid her body slowly down my body stopping for a brief moment to brush her tits across my erection in my jeans. Her hand found my cock as she rubbed it gently over the jeans causing it to twitch with pleasure. I could already feel pre-cum seeping out and making a wet spot on my jeans. She took her mouth and gently bit my cock through my jeans. Then Roxy worked her way up to where she was so she was facing me and sitting on my lab with her legs outside of mine. 

She leaned forward and placed her hard nipple to my lips. I slipped my tongue out and gave it a lick. I couldn't believe my luck. This never happens at the stripper bars in the big cities. I decided to test the boundaries. I nibbled on her nipple then sucked her tit into mouth while I fondled her other breast with my hand. 

She moaned and put her hand behind my head and pulled me close to her as she started to grind her pussy against my body. This went on for a good 30 seconds before she pulled away then started to kiss me deeply as our lips parted and our tongues found each other.

While we kissed her hand went down and started to fumble with my belt then button on my jeans. She got them undone then zipped my zipper down creating room for my raging erection more freedom.

The first song ended and the second song started a few seconds later. Roxy broke off the kiss and slid down my body again and pulled my jeans down to my knees so my cock was making a nice tent of my boxers. 

She held my cock through my boxers and moved up and whispered in my ear. "You have a huge cock. Can I take it out?"

With a heavy breath I said, "Yes."

Roxy slowly worked her way down my body until she was on her knees facing my tent in my boxers. She started to slowly slide them down my legs until my hard cock popped out. Her eyes went wide when she said, "Fuck the length is nice but you are really thick."

I just smiled as I watched her take it in her hand then aimed the head towards her mouth. Instead of taking it in her mouth she gently licked the underside of my cock making me ache for her even more.

My god she was a cute spinner. I wanted her in the worst way.

After a short tease she got back on my lap with her back towards me. She held my cock so she could slide her pussy along the shaft. I reached around the front of her to play with her tits some more. Roxy took one of my hands and lead it to her pussy. 

As I slid my finger in her wet pussy the second song ended. As the third song started the gently pulled my finger from her pussy and guided me to her clit. It was hard and wanting attention.

I circled her clit and occasionally flicked it with my finger while she continued to ride her pussy on my cock. Several times she took just the tip of my cock just a bit beyond her wet lips. God it felt so warm and nice. I had everything I could do from thrusting deep inside her. We were ¾ of the way through the song American Woman when Roxy came hard as her love juices soaked my cock and boxers.

But that didn't stop her. I think she could tell I was getting close to filling her hand with my seed when she suddenly stopped.

She reached over to the little table by the couch and got her purse. She opened it and pulled out a condom and smiled and said, "I have to see how that cock feels inside me."

I smiled and said, "I'm all yours."

She slid the condom on me and got on my lap facing me. She slowly guided my cock inside her hot warm and very tight pussy.

She was riding me hard and fast when the song ended and the fourth song Girls, Girls, Girls started. My 3 songs were up but she kept going. 

My hands were all over her body. I love the feel of her little tits and hard nipples. Finally I squeezed her little ass as I thrust 3 hard times filling the condom with my seed. Roxy wasn't far behind as she came for a second time but this time with my cock deep inside her.

My cock slowly went limp then fell out of her. We caught our breath towards the end of the song. She got up and got dressed and I pulled up my wet boxers and jeans and buckled up.

"You owe me another $10 since we did 4 songs." She said.

I pulled out 2 $20 bills and gave them to her and said, "You are not charging enough."

"Well normally it's $40 for 3 songs. But look at the guys out there. A bunch of old slobs. I saw you and thought here was my chance for a hot older man."

I laughed and said, "Thanks for the compliment."

"So, you say you are in the hotel across the street. What room are you in?" She asked.

"I am in room 223. Why?"

"Well, I usually get a room there too as I live an hour and a half from here. I work here so I don't run into anyone I know. I am done at midnight. Mind if I join you and save the cost of a room?" Roxy asked.

"Sounds fun to me. I will see you shortly."

She got on her tippy toes and kissed me and said, "Great thanks."

Midnight couldn't come fast enough. At 12:20 a.m. there was a light knock on my door. When I opened the door there stood Roxy in tight blue jeans and a white T-Shirt.

When she came into the room she didn't waste any time. "My god I couldn't wait for my shift to get over with. I have been thinking of you the whole time. Every time an old geezer touched me I imagined it was you." Then she kissed me and shoved me back to the bed giving me a push so I fell onto the bed.

Without going into long details we fucked for 2 hours in a lot of different positions. She woke me up 5 a.m. to a great blow job and we fucked for another 45 minutes. It was 9 a.m. when I woke up. I returned the favor by waking her up to my tongue on her little well used pussy.

After I got her to orgasm from oral I knew I would never make the 10:00 check out time. I called the front desk and asked for an 11:30 check out.

Taking advantage of the time I told her lets shower. We went to the shower and had a good half hour of making out until I turned her around and started to tease her pussy with my cock.

"No, you can't. I am out of condoms. I do not want to get knocked up by a stranger. If you go slowly, you can fuck my ass."

Her ass was so tiny I thought it would never work. But after 10 minutes I was deep inside her ass slowly fucking her.

She moaned with pleasure as she worked her pussy and clit with her hand. With the long anticipation and tightness I didn't last long before I felt 3 jets of hot cum fill her ass. It was a good thing I didn't last long because Roxy came quickly and her body went limp as I pulled my cock out of her.

We got dressed and I counted 8 condoms on the floor in the room. I found an old newspaper to wrap them up in and threw them in the garbage.

"Don't hide them. Let them know how much fun you had. Just put them in the garbage." She said.

I was a bit hesitant but did it anyway. We said our good byes at the door. I can't wait to go to my son's next hockey game!