 Kelly and Tony's second sexual encounter. (Based on my own personal, sexual experience with a police officer).

It was a cool, breezy evening in Glenn Hollow and I was so excited to fill Tony's fantasy. The thought of being strip searched was causing a wonderful tingling sensation between my thighs. I actually thought about pleasuring myself a few times just for the rush, but decided it would only be best if I waited. 

Tony was expecting me around 9 o'clock, which meant I needed to haul some ass and get dressed. I always took my time showering. I loved the feel of hot water massaging my backside. The feeling was always so nice and relaxing. As I was getting ready, I sipped on some wine to help myself unwind a little.

So here I am, for the first time, fulfilling a man's fantasies. I must admit, this shit is pretty damn hot! I've always been a sexual person, wanting to try almost anything and everything at least once (as long as I don't end up in the ER!) When I say almost anything, what I mean by that is, I am not down for nasty, creepy things that some of you people out there do. Which is completely fine with me because it's merely none of my business, but I prefer to be as naughty as possible without being gross at the same time. I heard a saying one time, which I believe holds a lot of truth, so I claimed it as my very own motto. It's a little something like this, "What you don't do for your man in the bedroom, another woman will." Now, I'm sure everyone would agree. It just makes sense, if you're not being pleased by your lover, you're going to find your pleasure elsewhere, right? So, after hearing this statement, I'll admit, I am down for pretty much, whatever.

Tony tells me he wants me to show up at his house in a long coat with nothing on underneath. Just heels and a coat. No problem, I can do that, under two conditions: Lets make things even hotter! Tony has to be waiting for me in his police uniform and I decide to put something on underneath (only he doesn't know about this part of the plan). I slide on my white, lacy stockings, a sexy white lace g-string and a matching bra. I look in the mirror for self approval, and think to myself, "white lace on tan skin, damn I am hot!"

I sit on the edge of the bed and put my clear heels on to add the final touch. I stand up and pose in front of the mirror once more because, well, I'm a female, and that's just what we do! I grab my coat and slip it on. 

The phone rings as I start to head for the door. Of course, it's Tony. He is so damn impatient.

"Are you coming over here anytime soon? I can't wait any longer to see you. I have a raging hard-on because I can't stop thinking about your gorgeous body under that coat."

"I was actually on my way out the door, Mr. Impatient. I will be there in a few. Are you sure you're ready for me, Officer?" I asked with a smile on my face.

"Yes dammit, just get your fine ass over here," Tony demanded me.

I grabbed my keys and stepped out into the night. As I got into my car to drive down the street, I realized the effect that had came over me from the wine. I was more than ready to give Officer Hunt exactly what he wanted.

I arrived to his house and noticed there were no lights on. I walked up to the front door and as I lifted my hand to knock, the door slowly swung open. I walked in and could hardly see. There was a soft glow from a candle flickering on the far side of the room, but where was Tony? He came from behind the door and put his arms around me. I jumped and gasped from him scaring me.

"Oh my, I can't wait to see you naked," he said as he pressed his dick between my ass.

"Really?" I said as I turned around, to notice "Officer Hunt."

He's like two different people; Tony out of uniform, and Officer Hunt in uniform. (This will be our second time having sex together, my first time being with "Officer Hunt.")

"Holy fuc....I couldn't even get the words out before he filled my mouth with his warm, wet tongue. We were kissing hard. 

"I've been waiting forever to taste you," he told me, then started kissing me again.

I backed away from him just to get a look at him in his police uniform.

"What?" he asked.

"I just didn't really get a chance to look at you before you started kissing me. If you only knew what that uniform does to me..."

"So, why don't you show or tell me what this uniform does Kelly?"

"I know you wanted me to be naked under this coat, so are you ready for me to take it off?"

"Yeah, I am dying to see you."

I slowly unbuttoned my coat, button after button and as I did this, I turned around so that I was facing away from him. I slowly slid the coat off of one shoulder, then the next, slowly revealing my skin. He reached out to help take it off and I turned back around to face him as the coat fell to the floor. He was amazed, shocked and speechless. He didn't know whether to keep looking at me or to touch me.

"You're not naked. But this is much better. Those stockings are so fucking hot, Kelly."

"I'm glad you like 'em," I said in a soft, sexy voice as I leaned in to kiss him. We were kissing passionately and I never wanted it to end. He slowly slid my bra strap off of my shoulder with his finger, one then the other. He ran his hands over my back, then down to my ass. He was making me feel so good. My clit was tingling and my panties were so wet. He reached back up and unhooked my bra and it fell to the floor. My nipples were erect and ready to be licked. Tony's hands were all over my body, running them over my breasts then down between my legs, endlessly teasing me. 

I began to go from his lips to his chin, then his cheek, then to his ear. Tasting him and sucking on him, I slowly worked my way from his neck to his shoulder blade, then made my way to his muscular chest, going around his nipple in a circular motion. He reached his fingers between my skin and my panties and began to rub on my aching, throbbing pussy. I instantly felt like losing control, but somehow managed to hold on. I continued to lick my way down to his member, releasing it from the blue trousers. Down on my knees, I took his raging dick in one hand and placed my hot, wet mouth on the head. I licked just the top, going in slow circles. I took my tongue and placed it at the base of his shaft and licked all the way up, just like an ice cream, only this was better. Tony gasped for air and let out a moan.

"You like that?"

"Yes, just don't stop." He said as he pushed my head back over his cock.

I did this a few more times, then finally took him all the way into my mouth. Making sure not to rush things, I gave him a slow, sensual blow job, which he seemed to be really enjoying. I twirled my tongue 'round and 'round, gradually picking up the pace, gently fondling his balls with my other hand. I could tell this was beginning to be too much for him so I stood up, grabbed him by the hands and led him to a chair. 

"Sit down," I said as I pushed him back into the chair.

I started to gyrate my hips and began to dance for him a little. I bent down, rubbing my ass into his crotch.

"God, I wanna feel you. I wanna be in your hot, tight pussy so bad. I heard you've been a naughty girl, you've been breaking the laws around town. You know what happens to bad girls like you, don't ya?"

"No, what happens to bad girls like me, Officer?"

He stood up from the chair and demanded me to turn around. Now things were starting to get really kinky. He told me to put my hands behind my back, so I complied. He grabbed his handcuffs and cuffed me. I was shocked. Those damn things are heavy. 

"I hope you have the keys to those," I told him.

"Don't worry about it." He said in my ear.

He walked me a short distance over to the wall and then pinned me up against it. Tony told me to spread my legs, told me he was going to show me what happens to naughty girls. He bent down and started running his hands up my legs. He then worked his way around my waist and then back down a little and caressed me between my thighs. I was breathing hard and moaning with pleasure. He slid my panties off of my ass and they dropped just above my heels. Every time I turned around to look at him, he demanded me to face the wall. He squatted back down and ran his tongue up the crack of my ass, sending chills across my skin. I wanted to cum so bad, I was craving some deep penetration. Tony was licking my asshole and rubbing my clit and I begged and pleaded for him to fuck me.

"Not yet, Miss. Impatient."

His tongue was reaching all the way to my clit. Back and forth, back and forth, from my clit to my tight little puckered asshole. I couldn't take it anymore, I was more than ready to cream right in his mouth.

"Officer Hunt, I'm about to cum....ooohh, your mouth feels so fuckin' good on my pussy."

"Turn around." He demanded.

I turned around to face him, still pinned against the wall. He began to eat my pussy like no man has ever done before. He was going so hard and fast, keeping his rhythm down. He inserted two fingers inside of me and started finger fucking me.

"Oh God....ooohh, oohh God," I repeatedly moaned.

"Let me taste you Kelly. Explode those sweet juices right into my mouth, I wanna taste you."

I came so hard, my knees buckled and I crashed down to the floor. My legs went numb and I was stuck in another world. Officer Hunt picked me up off the ground and carried me to his bedroom. 

"Please uncuff me now."

Tony pulled the key out from his pant's pocket and took off the handcuffs. I took his pants off, threw them across the room and told him to get on the bed. I climbed on top of him and straddled him. I grabbed his dick and rubbed it along the outside of my dripping wet cunt. I entered him into me, but only half way, then pulled back out.

"Are you going to fuckin' tease me?"

"Hmm huh."

"Come on Kelly, ride my dick." He said as he grabbed me by my hips and slammed me down onto his huge hard-on.

"Oh shit," I screamed.

I didn't waste any time. I started fucking him fast. He was so deep inside of me that every time I moved forward, his cock hit my g-spot. I was moaning loud and started moaning even louder as he licked his thumb and started playing with my swollen clit.

"Oh damn...Tony, your dick feels so fucking amazing in my pussy. I'm gonna cum on your dick. OOoohh, oohh, oh yeah, yes...aaahh," I screamed as a mind blowing orgasm rippled over me. I continued to rock back and forth a few more times before I collapsed onto his chest.

He turned me over into the doggy style position (which I can never get enough of) and stuck a pillow underneath me. Just when I thought he was going to enter me, he slapped my ass. "Oouuchh!"

I guess he thought it was funny because he did it a few more times. He then entered me, sliding his cock in between my glistening pussy lips. My eyes rolled back and I licked my lips. Officer Hunt had a hold of my hips and was gliding in and out of me. He reached one hand around and started caressing my right tit, pinching at my nipple. (I know everyone's body is different and different touches cause different affects, but when you play with my nipples, it makes me almost cum. It doesn't quite do the trick, but almost). My pussy begins throbbing instantly and Tony starts thrusting a little harder.

"Do you like fucking my wet pussy?"

"God, do I? I can't get enough of it Kelly. Nobody's pussy has ever felt as good as yours."

"Good, then let me see what you got. Fuck me as hard as you can. I want you to pound my pussy like you know you want to," I demanded him.

With that being said, Officer Hunt squeezed both of my hips and literally pumped his dick in and out of my pussy as hard as he could. He started yelling and moaning, and telling me how much he enjoyed fucking me and how wet my cunt was. He was fucking me so hard, his nuts were slapping into my clit.

I reached back and grabbed his sac and he exploded. He pulled his dick out and unloaded his hot semen all over my ass.

"Fuck, yes!" he yelled loud enough to wake the neighbors, as he finished stroking his cock and giving me the very last drip. He fell next to me on the bed and laid there, breathing heavily.

"So, I've been strip searched," I said, "so when do I get thrown in jail?"

"Consider this bedroom your jail cell."

"I have a feeling I will be spending a lot of time in jail."