 Rob and Jenny had decided to spend a week—a long week—with Rob's parents for the holidays. It hadn't been an unpleasant visit by any means. In fact, the week had been full of good food and good company, and Jenny enjoyed getting time to know her future in-laws. They had been nothing but gracious and welcoming to her. 

Unfortunately, Rob and Jenny hadn't had a moment to themselves the entire week—a problem made worse by the fact that Rob's parents were... Well, they were incredibly religious and old-fashioned. The young couple was forced to sleep in separate rooms for the duration of the trip. And by the end of the week, Jenny was getting pretty fed up with the whole situation.

"When are your parents leaving for church?" Jenny hissed at Rob on their way down the stairs to breakfast.

"I dunno, babe... In a few hours maybe?" Rob put his arms around her and snuck a quick squeeze on her butt while they stood in the hallway.

"Ugh." Jenny rubbed up against him before quickly backing away. "Guess we better control ourselves for just awhile longer then..."

The two had been exchanging pictures and texts all night like horny teenagers and Jenny had felt a little naughty playing with herself in the dark guest bedroom. Worried that someone might hear, she hadn't let herself cum and she went to sleep sexually frustrated and very wet. 

Thinking about the picture of Rob's hard cock he had sent last night and the promises he had made about how he would run his hands all over her soft, naked body and kiss her in all the right places made her shiver as she sat down at the table across from Rob's parents.

"Did you two sleep well?" his mom asked. 

Rob took a seat beside Jenny and she got a nice look at the slight bulge outlined in his skinny jeans. "Of course! Breakfast looks great by the way. Thanks for taking such good care of us."

Jenny barely paid attention to the conversation at the table while they ate. She kept being distracted by Rob's hand sliding up and down her thigh and making her pussy tingle in anticipation. She couldn't be positive, but from the corner of her eye, it looked like Rob was feeling the anticipation as well.

Finally, at long last, Rob's parents left for church. Their car had barely left the driveway before Jenny pushed Rob onto the couch and straddled his body with hers... "I've been waiting for this all week you know," she whispered softly into his ear. Shivers ran through her body again as she nibbled on his ear and felt his breath on her cheek. Beneath her, his cock strained against his pants.

"Oh God, baby... You're so sexy..." Rob pressed his hips upwards against her body as his lips met hers. His kiss started soft, but desire quickly overtook him. His tongue worked its way into her mouth and he snagged her bottom lip with his teeth. She reached down to unzip his zipper while his hands wandered up her shirt to squeeze her tits. 

Soon, they were both naked on his parents' couch. Jenny with her nipples hard and dark against her soft breasts and Rob with his cock thick and hard—the tip glistening with precum. 

"Let me taste you," Jenny slid off the couch and swirled her tongue around the tip of Rob's cock. He moaned. "You like that, baby? You like how my tongue feels on your cock?" 

"Yes," he moaned. His eyes closed in ecstasy as she took his cock in her mouth and sucked. His hands wandered down her body, feeling her perky tits and her smooth skin and her big ass. Her dark hair framed her face as her mouth bobbed up and down on his cock, coating it in saliva as she took him deeper and deeper into her throat.

Jenny felt Rob's fingers brush across her stiff nipples and moaned. Her pussy felt hot and wet, and as much as she enjoyed sucking his cock, she wanted him inside her more. Almost as if he knew her thoughts, Rob pushed her off his throbbing cock. "I think it's time for me to fuck you," he stated. 

Before she knew it, Jenny was on her back on the couch and Rob was teasingly rubbing his cock against her wet slit. "Do you want my cock?" he teased. "Do you want to see how I fill you up?"

"Yes! Please! Fuck me!" Rob grabbed her tits and squeezed before taking one of her nipples in his mouth while he pinched the other with his fingers. Jenny moaned louder, "Please, fuck me!" She could barely stand the intense tingle in her pussy as he rubbed against her.

Suddenly, he slid inside her. His cock stretched her body and filled her in the best way. She could feel his body rub against her clit as he thrust in and out, in and out. 

Jenny's body was on fire. She couldn't think straight. All she could think about was how good Rob felt pushing up inside her with his hands dancing around her body. First to his hair as he kissed her deeply and then to her tits as he rolled her swollen nipples with his fingers and then to her ass as he squeezed her closer to him.

Her nipples rubbed against his chest and her clit throbbed with pleasure. She could feel her pussy tightening around his cock the longer he fucked her. They both breathed heavily as she pulled him in with her legs. "More! I want more!" she moaned in his ear. 

He began fucking her a little harder and a little faster until the only thing in the world was the feeling between her legs as her muscles spasmed and she came hard—clenching around his cock as he rode out her orgasm until she felt his warm cum deep inside of her. 

Their hearts pounded as they held each other quietly. "I missed your pussy," Rob whispered, "I'm glad they went to church."

"I could tell," Jenny laughed.