 Anna was beautiful. And I mean genuinely, classically beautiful. Long, blonde hair, with a gorgeous, softly featured face... and an incredible body. She was in my halls of residence block in first year, and then we moved in as part of a five (2 lads and 3 girls) for our second and third years. She was the sort of girl-next-door hot that made you feel really comfortable having a chat with her, but then really uncomfortable when she wandered round the house in just her dressing gown or you saw her walking out of the bathroom soaking wet in nothing but a towel. This confession is about a time towards the end of second year when we were getting ready to head out to the pub.

"Anna?"... "Annaaaaa?" Irritated, I headed back upstairs, we were meant to be meeting the others in the pub soon.

I knocked on her door, "Anna?" Still no answer. Wondering if she'd gone on ahead without telling me, I opened her door. "Are you coming?..."

My jaw dropped.

Still wearing her nurse's uniform, Anna was lying on her bed. And she was coming.

Dress hitched up around her waist, stockinged leg spread wide, a vibrator buzzed against her clit, and her back was arched in climax, bottom lip between her teeth as she stifled a moan.

Anna opened her eyes as her muscles relaxed and she shuddered with the last of her orgasm, and sat up startled as she saw me standing with my mouth open and my eyes wide. She gasped; shutting her legs quickly and smoothing her uniform back down over her legs. "Fuck! Knock! What are you doing?!"

"Ummmm, god I'm sorry Anna, but I did knock, and I've been shouting for the past five minutes." I told her. "I assumed you must have headed out already so I just came in when you didn't answer. I'm so sorry, I had no idea you were in here, never mind..." I trailed off, not exactly sure what else to say. "Erm, I'll go wait for you to get ready shall I?"

I had a raging erection, and Anna must have noticed, "Going for a wank now are you?"

I opened my mouth to speak, and then shut it again. I didn't know what to say.

"I'm not sure I like the idea of you wanking over me." As I opened my mouth again to lie and say I wouldn't, she continued, "Not when I'm this horny." She spread her legs and pulled her dress back up to reveal her glistening wet cunt. "I'm dying for a cock inside me."

I stared. She slid her hand between her legs and slowly began rubbing circles against her clit.

"Come over here."

I walked unsteadily to the side of the bed; half thinking I must have fallen asleep waiting for her to come downstairs. She shuffled over and swung her legs round so that they rested either side of where I stood. She rubbed her hand against the bulge in my jeans, and then unbuttoned them and pulled them and my boxers to my knees, my length swinging upwards once it cleared the waistband.

Wasting no time, she took hold of my cock in one hand, and reached round her back to unbutton her nurse's dress with the other. I reached round and undid the very top ones she couldn't reach as she leaned forward and wrapped her mouth around my erection.

With her buttons undone, I pulled her dress down each of her shoulders, and she obliged by manoeuvring her arms from the sleeves as she slid her mouth along my length. I reached down her back and unclasped her bra, again shifting the straps off her shoulders, and she let it fall to reveal a perfect pair of breasts. 

Looking down at one of the most beautiful pairs I'd ever seen, below what is still the most classically beautiful face I've ever seen, and with that pouting mouth wrapped around my cock, I couldn't help myself. "I'm gonna cum Anna."

She pulled her head away and smiled up at me, rubbing fast along the shaft, and then stuck her tongue out and slapped my dick against it. That was enough, and I shot warm spunk into her mouth and onto her lips and cheeks. 

Swallowing, she licked up the remaining cum as she slowly squeezed it out, rubbing a few more times along my shaft to get every last drop. She wrapped her mouth around me and gave one long lick around the head, and then pulled her head away. 

Standing up, she unbuttoned my shirt, then knelt and helped take my jeans and boxers from around my ankles. She turned me then, and pushed me back onto the bed. I rested on my elbows as she turned around and slowly pulled her dress down from around her waist, revealing a firm and perfectly shaped arse as she pulled it down her legs and stepped out of it.

Still with her back to me, she bent right over, showing me her cunt, and I reached forward and pulled her backwards to lie on the bed next to me. I turned on my side towards her, then slipped my hand under her nearest leg and lifted it backwards over me so she was on her side with her back to me. I reached round her and held her breast with one hand, rubbing her nipple with my thumb. With the other hand I reached down between her legs and felt for her clit. 

Finding her throbbing clitoris easily, I rubbed my fingers down her soaked groove, and then returned to rub circles against her clit as I shifted my hips and pressed my cock between her lips. 

Thrusting forward, I heard her gasp as I buried my cock inside her, all eight inches sliding easily into her sopping wet cunt. She moaned loudly as I thrust hard into her, and pressed back against me to allow me more room to thrust. 

Looking away for just a second from my cock pounding hard inside her, I noticed her vibrator still lying just within my reach, but slightly behind her so she couldn't see it. I took my fingers from her pussy and reached around to pick it up, then reached back round and switched it on as I pressed it against her clit.

She came within seconds. I felt her cunt walls contract around my pounding shaft, and she released a wail as she stiffened against my body. 

One breast in my hand, Anna's beautiful face twisted in orgasm, and my cock slamming into her tight, wet pussy, I wasn't far behind. Quickly pulling out, I sprayed my load up her stomach and breasts with a grunt. 

Gasping for breath, she rolled away and quickly positioned herself by my cock as she used her hand to direct the rest of my cum onto her face. 

Climbing on top of me, she leaned down and kissed my cheek. "I'd best go get cleaned up if we're going to the pub." She smiled, and gave my cock a quick squeeze, then stood up and walked out the room, stopping only to place her vibrator back in her top draw.

Smiling to the empty room in disbelief, I started to pull my clothes back on.