 "I'm sorry, I am all booked this week, but I do have someone I can refer you to." The gruff voice bellowed in the phone. 

I had heard of this masseuse from a friend. She was described as a husky battle-axe, but with upper body strength capable of kneading out any kink. I was sore and felt another migraine coming on, I needed to head it off at the pass. I jotted down the name and number and thanked the old woman. 

The name seemed familiar but I couldn't quite place it. Still, I needed relief so I called the number she game. 

"Naturalapathy, this is Jennifer"  a younger voice answered the phone.  

Ughh, I thought to myself. This town was full of the homeopathic, herbalistic, spiritualists masquerading as doctors. I didn't believe in any of that baloney. They would undoubtedly try to sell me some bull about crystal therapy or the like. But, I needed something, so I decided to try it out. 

"Hi, I was referred to you by Ms. Zoey, she said you take up some of the slack for her?" I offered. "Do you do... er regular massages?"

"Sure, we share clients all the time. When would you like to come in?"

"Immediately," I said "I have a knot in my neck, and I can feel a migraine coming on." I added.

"Oh well, you are in luck, I have a slot open in one hour, and I have a special cure for headaches." She responded confidently.

"Great one hour then?" I asked.

"Sure, your name"

"Steve Labord"  I responded.

"Okay," there was a pause "do you know where I am located?" She asked.

I got her address and hung up. I made sure I had clean clothes on and then headed out to her office.

I got there around 6pm, it was dark except for one lighted office, I guessed everyone else had gone home. I figured the massage business required longer hours than most. I rang the bell and the door unlocked. I went in to the foyer and looked at the various magazines and photos on the wall. They were what I expected, psychic amulets, religious orders, newspaper clipping about miraculous healing. I groaned inwardly and hoped she was a competent masseuse. 

The door opened and their stood a familiar looking young woman no more than 22 years old. She had long blond hair, a tight athletic body garbed in loose sweatpants and a half shirt that exposed her pierced bellybutton. She had large breasts and just a little baby fat, it gave her a small pooch and a curvy body. Again there was something very familiar, but I couldn't place it exactly right. 

"Professor Labord?" She remarked somewhat shocked.

That is who it is. Jennifer Stanley, she was in my Critical Thinking class. She didn't do all that well, looking around the walls at her mystic paraphenalia I wasn't surprised. I didn't remember her looking like this, but then, in class many students were buried under layers of clothing, or hidden behind books. 

"Hi Jennifer. What a coincidence." I said awkwardly. 

"Hmm, this is going to be a little weird." She said. "If you want I can talk to Ms. Zoey, she can find you someone else." She added.

"If you know what you are doing, I really don't care.  You will be the first student, and only.." I added "student of mine to see me naked though." I laughed uncomfortably. I immediately regretted saying it. She didn't even say I would get naked, I just assumed. 

She looked around thoughtfully and seemed to come to some decision. "Sure, I guess there is nothing too weird, it isn't like I am you student any more. Oh and you'll be pleased to know I am a lot better masseuse than philosopher." She laughed lightly and tossed her hair back. The effect set her breasts into motion, it was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra. I swallowed and tried to stay businesslike.

She invited me in and bade my undress while she left the room. When she returned I was safely hidden under the sheet. 

I pointed to one of the clipping pinned to the wall. It showed a young girl next to an old woman.  "What is all that about?" I asked.

"That was me," She piped cheerfully "When I was a little girl I discovered I had the ability to heal people. I healed that woman's arthritis." She said nervously. "I never mentioned that when I was your student. I figured as a critical thinker you would be skeptical. You probably don't believe in faith healing."

I was.. and getting moreso. But I tried to be politically correct.

"I believe in results. If you can really heal people, well, I'd like to see it." I remarked confidently. 

"Actually my headache is getting worse. I hope you can heal." I joked, but it was true, my migraine was starting up, though it was still early. I hoped that if nothing else, a massage would loosen up the muscles and make the headache less severe. 

I was fairly conscious of my nudity, but I had had many massages before, so I was not too worried. It still felt wrong to be this vulnerable next to even an ex-student. I could tell she was nervous herself.

"If you will let me, I would like to try to heal your headache, I know a special technique that always works." She ventured.

"Always, that is a pretty good record." I said suspiciously. 

"I don't have to." She replied. "It is up to you."

"What do I have to lose?" I responded.  And relaxed on the table. 

She began what seemed like a normal massage. She worked my legs and feet, my arms and hands, and eventually my torso. It felt good, but the tingling feeling that sometimes accompanies such a massage was combining with my headache and making me a little noxious. I tried to hide my discomfort, but I wasn't all that good at it. 

She stopped and looked at me, as though measuring me. 

"Okay, I am going to do it." She stated and with that she positioned herself by my head and moved her hands near my chin. She cradled my head between her breasts and I that felt good for a moment. I started worrying about the thin sheet where my mildly hardening erection was getting more blood now. But before I could worry too much, she gave my head a firm pull. The pain was intense. I winced and tried to keep from crying out. 

"Does it hurt?" She asked "It might hurt for a little while, but then it will disappear, I promise" she said.

With that she applied strong pressure to my head just where it attached to my neck. It really hurt, but I believed that sometimes the hurt can transform into healing, especially when it comes to massages. 

After what seemed like minutes she released her grip, with a gasping breath. 

"There, now how do you feel?" She asked confidently. 

I felt awful. I was sick to my stomach and my headache was far worse than I had ever experienced. At the same time, the fact she once was my student, and I didn't want to disappoint her, made my try to smile. I nearly threw up and fell backwards on the table. Tears were in my eyes and I was breathing hard.

"I''m sorry Jennifer, it is way worse, really bad. Maybe because I'm not a believer." I added to try to soften the blow. 

She looked cowed and shamed. 

"I am so sorry Professor Labord, it has always worked before I swear, I swear." There were tears in both of our eyes now. 

"Its okay, these aren't your fault" I said trying to be convincing, but I had to admit I felt she was in part to blame. 

"Is there anything I can do to help?" she pleaded. "I'll give you your money back" She offered. 

"No not really I said as I tried to pull myself off the table. I really can do just  one of two things, writhe in bed for a few hours or try to distract myself. I just hope I can get myself home on my bike" I added. 

"Distract yourself? What do you mean?" She asked trying to help me upright.

I didn't really want to discuss this with a student. The truth was there was only one way to distract myself when faced with a migraine, it was engaging in some serious masturbation. I could usually keep that going long enough and generate enough endorphins to cancel out a headache if I caught it early enough. I was dubious about this one. It was so intense.

"Umm. I can't really explain." I felt another wave of nausea wash over me "But I am not sure I can manage my motorcycle. Can I rest here for a bit?" I offered as I lay back down to avoid falling off the table. 

"Of course, you were my last appointment. And maybe I can help you, how do you usually distract yourself." She offered. "I feel so responsible. This has never happened before. Maybe I was nervous because you were my professor, I don't know what I did wrong. I really hope I didn't do any harm."

I could tell she was sincere, and she seemed so desperate to help I decided to go ahead and risk it. Student Teacher taboos be damned. 

"Listen Jennifer, if I can, um you know...... get excited," I blushed "it sometimes cancels out the pain. It doesn't always work, but it is the best I got. Unless you've got some morphine stashed around here." 

She looked a little confused, then she realized what I was saying and blushed a little herself. She looked around the empty office and then turned around to me putting her hand on my thigh. 

"Maybe I can help with that." She offered. "I want to."

I wasn't about to say no to this pretty women with her hand inches from my hardening cock. I just leaned back and closed my eyes silently. 

I felt her hand move up the sheet until it reached my penis. She was cautious moving so slowly and gently that I could barely feel it. But even through the pain of my headache the lower part of my body was responding. I arched my back ever so slightly so that my cock pressed into her hand. She gave it a little squeeze and started to rub it gently through the sheet. 

"That feels good" I groaned through gritted teeth. 

With that she got more confidence and pulled the sheet away from my body. She got a good grasp of my now fully erect cock. She seemed a bit surprised by its girth. I might not have the longest cock in the world, seven inches, but it is thick, so thick some women have actually complained about trying to get that inside them. She didn't complain though. 

With one hand she started to stroke my cock in even artful movements. I was not disappointed. Her massage talents were not lost on this effort. She seemed to know exactly how to move her fingers, how firmly to grasp, when to relax, when to contract. The pleasure was beginning to eclipse the pain in my head. Then she bent over the table and liked the head of my cock. Her tongue was warm and wet and I let out another groan. 

"Sorry." She said pulling away. 

"No no. That felt good, don't stop." I whispered in a hoarse voice.

"You are so big." She giggled "I don't know what I would have done if I had known this back when I was in your class." She smiled

I let my legs spread a little as she returned her mouth to my penis. It entered her warm mouth and I was in heaven. She obviously wasn't the most experienced, but she made up for that with enthusiasm. She had something to prove, and she was able to push much of my cock deep in her mouth. I could feel her lips straining to get it all in her mouth.

I moved my right hand a little and felt the material of her top brush against my hand. I reached up and felt the material give way to cool flesh. She let out a small whimper when my hand touched her bare flesh. I continued to move my hand upward until I felt the soft curve of the underside of her bare breast.  Again she sighed and started sucking more vigorously on my pole. I pawed her pendulous breast and pinched her long nipple as she continued her aggressive blowjob. 

She was really getting into this, and I was beginning to forget my headache. It was still there in the back of my mind, but all of my attention was focused on my 'other' head. She was bobbing up and down and using one hand to pump my cock in rhythm with her lips moving up and down my shaft. Her other hand had snaked down her loose sweatpants and was pressing deep into her crotch. 

I moved my other hand to her head and grabbed a handful of the blond hair. I curled it around my hand and let her movements guide my hand up and down. My other hand continued to explore her ample chest. I squeezed her breasts and pinched the nipples gently but firmly. Every time I did I could her a small gasp escape her mouth. 

By now the air was getting thick with the smells and sounds of sex. Her hips were gyrating onto her hand sandwiched between the table and her body. I was breathing in ragged gasps. I started to pull her hair to control the speed of her mouth pumping my hot cock. My other hand left her breast and stroked down her side to her hip and down to her round heart shaped ass. It was firm and strong. I could feel her muscles tense as she ground her pussy into her hand. She was dry humping her herself fast, but slowed and lengthened her movements when she felt my hand gripping her butt cheek. 

As I rubbed her body with my free hand, I let my fingers get caught in her waistband, I started to pull at her pants down over her creamy white ass. The drawstrings of her pants were still tied and the pants would only pull down a few inches. But when she felt my efforts she quickly pulled her mouth off my dick, but she still kept one hand stroking it, then she pulled up and with lust in her eyes looked at me pleadingly. 

"Oh god yesss" She begged as she used her free hand to pull at the drawstrings of her pants. As they loosened I gave them a good tug, and loose as they were, they fell down to the floor. She grabbed at the soaking wet thong panties she was in and pulled them down her legs. A little shuffling and in a flash she was naked from the waist down. Before I could do anything she pulled herself up on the padded table straddling my legs and panting. She  arched her back and pulled her shirt up over her head. Her tits were pulled up with the shirt then sprang down bouncing in that delightful way that only breasts can. 

She almost growled at me as she inched forward and positioned her wet pussy over my waiting cock. I grabbed her hips and pulled her forward, she spread her legs wider and reached for my cock guiding into her wet hole. There was some initial resistance. like I said, I am pretty thick. But she was so hot and wet that she just rocked me into her steamy hole. 

I moved my hands to her sweet firm breast and gave them a nice squeeze. She arched her back again and started to move slowly up and down, forward and backward. Rocking on and off my cock she rode my like a bronco. I was pumping her up and down lifting her body off the table as I rammed my cock deep into her. There was one last moment of resistance then my cock found the sweet spot and slid all the way into her. She screamed aloud. 

"Oh yeah, fuck me, fuck me!"  She wailed. 

I had to keep pumping into her as she started to pull back slightly. She was crooning softly in a high pitch. I could sense her orgasm was approaching. I kept at it, slowly increasing the pace, ever so slowly. I wanted this to last, and I wanted her to climax before I did. She was rocking back and forth carried by my movement. One of her hands was on my chest, the other was gripping her right breast and twisting her nipple. She was biting her lower lip and her eyes were closed. I swung up with a long thrust and then nearly pulled out quickly. As her body started to come down from the push, I arched my back and rammed my cock in as deep as I could. She let out a wail. 

"Aaahhhhh!"

As she did I felt her vaginal muscles start to spasm on my cock. It was like a seizure, her body was quaking inside and out. She was gasping for air, and was quivering in place. I couldn't take anymore and with a final series of quick pumps that evokes silent whimpers from her, I shot my load deep inside her. 

Spent I collapsed on the table, she dropped atop me mashing her big breasts into my chest. We were both soaked in sweat and burning up. We passed out in a heap atop the table. As I drifted off I realized my headache was gone.  I had a big smile on my face as fell asleep with her in my arms. 

I would've thought that would be the end of my tale, but it did not end there. I awoke in the most pleasant way a man can. I fell those luscious lips moving slowly and purposefully up and down my quickly hardening cock. I opened my eyes to see that she was straddling my face in the sixty nine position. I was happy to oblige her. I raised my head a little and inhaled her fragrant odor. She smelled of sex, and her hips we moving in a seductive dance as she went down on my cock again and a again. I lifted my hands to get a good grip on her ass cheeks and applied my tongue to her sweet pussy. I began to slowly lick up and down her labia until my tongue began to rub against her erect clit. That got her attention. She pulled off me for a moment then grunted something that might pass for 'good morning', and went back to working my cock. She took a breath and then slid her lips around my shaft and pushed all the way down to my length until her nose was deep in my pubic hair. I exhaled deeply, no one had managed that trick before. 

I stretched my neck and wrapped my lips around her clit and sucked hard on it. We both seemed to jolt from the combined efforts. After that we went at it for a bit. I was sucking and licking as my fingers probed and squeezed her ass. I reach up with a finger and rubbed the pink star of her anus as I continued to suck on her clit. She seemed to like it since she was twisting and wriggling her butt from my ministrations. She did not let up on my cock, in fact her pace seemed to increase. She arched her back and pushed her backside against my fingers. One of my fingers poked into her asshole. She increased the movement of her ass so my finger started to fuck in and out of her asshole. Meanwhile I was licking and sucking on her wet pussy. I let my tongue slide down away from her clit and dart into and out of her vagina. Then I started to lick the perineum, the space between her asshole and vagina. She reacted by pausing from her cocksucking and lifting her mouth off my cock. 

"Lick my asshole, please. " She begged without looking at me. I scooted up a little on the table so I could get my head in the proper position. I let my finger slide out and replaces it with my face. My tongue slid up and down the crack from her vagina to her anus. Finally I started licking around the rim of her pert aperture. She was buckling in place and panting like an animal. 

After a few minutes of that, she seemed to change position and was moving around in a way that I couldn't quite figure out. My view was obstructed, but it sure seemed like she was doing something strange. My curiosity was answered when she lifted herself off my tongue and through the arch of her legs, past her two ripe breasts dangling playfully before me she was holding something in her hands. It was a bottle of massage oil and she had a mischievous smile on her face.

"I want you to fuck me in the ass. But there is no way I am taking that monster without some serious lubrication." She said matter-of-factly. 

With that, she opened the bottle top and pored an ample amount onto her hand. She fished her hand between her legs and rubbed some of the slick liquid around her anus and ass cheeks. As she does this I scooted myself out from under her and take a position kneeling on the table with my engorged member bobbing near her back side. As I move into position behind her, she wrapped her wet hand around my cock and slathered it with the thick oil. 

"Take it easy. I don't want to be split in two by that thing." She said. 

I was dubious. My one previous experience with anal sex was less than satisfying. It was so tight, that was not only painful for the woman, but for me as well. It didn't make it easier that I was wearing a condom that was too small for me. This time thoughts of safety and health were out the door. There was no stopping this time. She ran her hand over my now slippery cock and positioned it at the bud of her anus. I applied just a little pressure. She responded with pressure of her own. Soon the tip of my cock was burrowing into her asshole millimeter by millimeter. 
