 "Yeah, night Steve." James turned and wandered off to find some more beer. I opened John's door and walked into his room. 

Emma sat up on the bed, "Oh, hey Steve, you ready for sleep now too? Can you lock the door please?"

"Yeah I am but don't worry I'll crash on the sofa."

"No Steve don't be silly, I told you before John wouldn't mind, and I'm only small anyway so there's plenty of room."

"Well yeah, but still..."

"Don't be stupid, you'll sleep in the bed with me."

"Well..." I sighed, "Ok, but I should warn you I can't wear jeans in bed so I'll just be in my boxers."

"No worries, I'm only in a long t-shirt myself."

I took off my jeans and socks and climbed into the bed next to Emma. I still felt a little strange sleeping in the same bed as my best friend's girlfriend with him visiting home for the weekend, but soon I heard her breathing even out, and I settled down to sleep.

I woke with a start and quickly looked round in the pitch black before I remembered where I was. That didn't help the fact that I could feel a hand in my boxers, wrapped around my erection. "Emma?"

"I'm so horny" she said as she started to rub up and down my cock, "and it's pretty obvious you are."

I'd wanted Emma since I met her in halls well over a year ago, and it took a lot of effort to force myself to remind her. "John?"

She leaned in to whisper into my ear. "He wants a threesome with two girls, so I've said he can, as long as I get one with two guys. I get to choose and was thinking of asking you, but seeing as you're here I may as well try you out first!" She giggled, "If you're interested, you're doing very well so far, I wasn't expecting you to have such a big, thick cock."

I could hear people still moving around outside the door, and music pumping from the room below. However, figuring this might well be my only chance, I turned onto my side and kissed her. She kissed me back, and started to rub her hand along my cock again. I slid my hand between her legs and hooked her knickers to one side, sliding my finger between her pussy lips and against her clit.

She gasped; a combination of surprise and pleasure as I rubbed around her cunt in a circular motion, feeling her begin to moisten.

Reaching down with both hands she pulled my boxers down to my knees, and wrapped both hands round the length of my cock. "Mmmm, definitely a good audition." she mumbled as she held my throbbing erection.

I reached down to take my boxers off completely, then sat up and pulled off my t-shirt before slipping my hand up the back of her top. She sat up, and I lifted her night shirt over her head to reveal her pert little breasts. Slipping my hand back between her legs, I pressed my fingers against her clit and kissed her nipple. She let out a small moan, and then a louder one as I slid my middle finger inside her.

Pushing me onto my back, she peeled her knickers down her legs and threw them off the bed, then straddled my face and leaned forward to lick around the head of my cock. Rubbing along the shaft with her hand, she licked all the way down to my balls, and then right back up again, running her tongue a couple of times around the helmet before wrapping her mouth around it.

I held both arsecheeks and pulled her down to my mouth, licking slowly up and down the groove of her cunt. Bringing one arm round, I rubbed my fingers against her clit as I penetrated her pussy lips with my tongue. I couldn't stifle my groans as she gave me expert head. She started to moan as I switched and licked against her clit while I worked my fingers inside her and filled her wet cunt.

I flicked my tongue quickly over her clit and started pumping my fingers into her hard and fast. I heard her moans grow louder, and then she muffled them by pushing her head down onto my cock until I could feel her gagging with my head stuffed to the back of her throat. 

Even gagging her moans got louder and more frequent. Grinding against my mouth, she suddenly gasped and pulled her head back as she arched her back. Moaning loudly, she climaxed hard and I pulled my fingers from inside her and lapped at her juices as she writhed.

Rubbing my hand slowly against her, I felt her muscles relax and her moan died as she gasped for breath. I quickly vibrated my fingers against her clit, drawing a surprised gasp from her mouth, before a second shuddering orgasm stiffened her body.

As she recovered her breath, she rolled over to one side and switched ends to whisper in my ear. "I've never had a multiple orgasm before; you can teach John that trick."

I laughed, "Be glad to, you know I always like to help out a friend!"

She giggled again, "Maybe I can give you a first too... have you ever fucked someone up the arse?" I gaped at her. "I'll take that as a no. Would you like to?"

"Never really thought about it. Yeah, why the hell not."

She laughed and bit my ear. "Thought you might." She scrambled to the side of the bed and reached under it, resurfacing with a small bottle. Presenting herself doggy-style towards me, she reached back and slowly rubbed the liquid between her arsecheeks, and around the rim of her arsehole, before easing first one finger, then a second inside the hole.

She gave me a dirty grin as she tuned her head to see me rubbing my hand along my cock watching her slide her fingers inside her anal passage.

Motioning me to stand by the bed, she backed right up to the edge. Reaching backwards, she took hold of my cock and slapped it between her cheeks as she held my gaze and moved back and forth so her arse slid along my length. She spat on her hand and rubbed around the top of my cock, then slid it along between her cheeks once more before pressing the head up to her arsehole.

"Push it in slowly, but steady." She instructed, and I eased it against her, her cheeks parting as my thick cock pushed into the tiny hole between them. Slowly pushing harder into her, I hesitated as she made a pained moan. "No, keep going, its fine once it's in." I continued pushing until I had about three of my eight inches buried inside her, at which point she let out a squeak and told me that was enough to start. I began to thrust slowly, carefully at first, worried about damaging her tight hole.

"Mmmm harder..." she said shortly. I shrugged, and obliged, fucking her harder and faster, pulling out as far as the head and then slamming my length back up her arse. 

I soon realised it wasn't going to take me long to cum, her arse pressing so tight around my cock. As I reached the point of no return, I pulled out of her quickly, leaving a gaping hole where it had previously been so small, and spunked all over her arse and back. 

She turned round and pulled me into a kiss. When she pulled away she looked up at me and grinned. "I'll figure out how to tell John I want you without telling him about this... I can't wait for our threesome; that was a great audition."