 The following is a work of fiction, intended for adults only. It contains strong erotic content and should not be read if you are offended by explicit sexual scenes. M-F, oral

------------------------------------------------ 

My ex-wife was certainly never shy about pointing out other people's faults, real or imagined. She said my income was inadequate to support the lifestyle she deserved. I guess not, with her taste in luxury cars, cruises, and high fashion. But what really hurt was her complaint that I was a lousy lover, lacking in the skills that assure a woman's sexual satisfaction. On that point she was more right than I cared to admit.

I discovered she was having a torrid affair with a philandering doctor (her gynecologist, of course) and our marriage hit rock bottom. Their flagrant liaison jolted me into filing for a divorce, which was already looming on the horizon anyway. Fortunately, we had no children to get hurt in the crossfire, as is often the case. I would have sued her lover for alienation of affection but actually felt sorry for the guy because he definitely got the worst of the deal. He must have been enamored with her tight pussy.

For a while I buried myself in my work, but I knew there was something missing in my life. Actually, it had been that way long before the divorce, but an empty house just made me realize it more. I needed someone to love, to share my hopes, my dreams, my life. But I doubted my own judgment after making such a mistake. And it was painfully obvious that I had to improve my interpersonal and sexual skills in order to succeed in another relationship. So I resolved to do whatever it took to become a skillful, caring lover.

My first step was to educate myself on what makes women tick. John Gray's book "Men are From Mars, Women are from Venus" was where I began, followed by "Mars and Venus in the Bedroom." Wanting to know much more, I took Sinclair's free "Sexual Intimacy Quotient" test. To my surprise, the results indicated I wasn't so inhibited after all, but just needed more love skills. Then I ordered all their "Better Sex" videos, devouring them in just a single weekend. Even more steamy videos and an assortment of sex toys followed. Two male performance supplements, Avena Sativa and L-Arginine, substantially boosted my libido.

I was chock full of information on women, what they really wanted in a man, and how to be a good lover. There was just one "little" problem...no woman! After being out of circulation for such a long time, finding "Ms. Right" would not be easy. Just the thought of the difficult search ahead gave me butterflies.

The bar and club scene didn't appeal to me but I'd kept my membership in the health club, worked out regularly to stay in shape, and felt that might be a good place to start. The scenery was great--lots of tight butts, surgically enhanced breasts, and firm, tanned legs. But most of the women seemed to be early twenties and swarmed over by guys fifteen years younger than I. It made me realize one more hurdle remained, and that was to re-build my self-confidence.

In the meantime, my consulting work was doing really well. I was traveling all over the Southeast and regularly got to Charlotte, where there was a great restaurant I enjoyed a lot called "The Simple Gourmet." After long days on the road, I've always figured there was no reason to skimp on food and lodging. A fine meal and a restful night help you bounce back. My days start very early and I usually have dinner before six p.m., so I can get in a good workout before bed.

The Simple Gourmet is where I got to know Sandi. Our first meeting was actually at a Red Cross Blood Center a few hours after the terrorist attack on New York and Washington. Like many others that terrible day we were trying to help any way we could. She was in line ahead of me, and obviously upset at the news reports. We ended up having a nice conversation while giving blood in adjacent recliners. I was rather proudly wearing my seven-gallon pin and was somewhat surprised to find her donations totaled more than ten gallons! Without preaching, she pointed out that the average woman has less blood to begin with, loses some each month from menses, and so gives more of herself when donating. Before we left she told me about the restaurant where she worked. It sounded so inviting (and she seemed so nice) that I had to check it out.

Sandi was a young looking forty, and a real knockout...beautiful sexy figure, a big smile to match, and personality plus. I always asked for her section at the restaurant, and gradually got to know her quite well. She was very attentive to customers, making sure they enjoyed their visit, and I found myself looking forward to seeing and talking with her. On a recent visit I'd heard her tell another restaurant employee that it was her birthday. So I tipped her twenty dollars and left it under my business card on which I'd written "Happy Birthday," signing it "Chris." Then I quietly slipped away, not wanting her to think I intended the gift to be a quid pro quo. Needless to say, on my subsequent visits the service was even better.

A couple of visits later, I casually told Sandi that she must be a mind reader, as she always seemed to anticipate what I needed, even before I knew myself. She gave me a demure smile and simply said, "Thanks, Chris." Then I blurted out, "It's really a good thing you're not actually a mind reader. Otherwise, I'd be in a lot of trouble." She quickly replied, "Me, too." It only took a moment for the impact of what she said to sink in! Taking a deep breath, I asked her if she'd like to meet someplace nice for coffee and conversation. My heart nearly jumped out of my chest when she said, without hesitation, "Yes, I'd like that."

We agreed to meet at a nearby Starbucks later that evening. As I sat nervously on the veranda at Starbucks, I felt just like a teenager on a first date. I watched for her car, which she had described as simply "red." It was actually a fire engine red BMW, with stick shift, and it was obvious from the way she deftly wheeled into the parking space that she knew how to drive it. As she stepped out of her car, I saw she'd let her hair down and changed into designer jeans and a simple white blouse. Her clothes showed off a beautiful figure, probably the result of frequent workouts. My hormones were stirring even before she said hello.

We ordered some coffee and ice cream. I was mesmerized by her beautiful green eyes, her sweet way of making you feel at ease, even the sensuous way she savored the ice cream. When I admired a gorgeous emerald ring she was wearing, she held out her hand for me to see. I instinctively took her hand in mine and at that moment something connected between the two of us that I just can't explain. We looked softly into each other's eyes, as if both of us were trying to speak but could not find the words. Then she said, almost in a whisper, "Can we go somewhere?"

It was a brief drive to the Marriott Courtyard just down the road, where I had a room, and Sandi followed me in her BMW. My mind was racing ahead, visualizing being alone with her. I'd already checked in, so we just took the elevator to my floor and walked to the room. Unlocking the door, we stepped inside and it closed behind us. That's when it really sank in that, for the first time in a long while, I was going to make love to a woman. Many emotions were racing through me, including one of simple gratitude for Sandi's trust. My "self-improvement" studies had taught me that the act of making love is more emotionally significant for a woman than it is for a man. My fervent hope was that Sandi wouldn't be disappointed in me.

I took her soft hands in mine and raised them to my lips for a kiss, then put my arms around her for a loving hug. She responded by placing her slightly open mouth against mine. Our moist lips and then our bodies pressed more urgently together. My head was spinning, my heart pounded, and every nerve in my body felt energized. No drug in the world could possibly match those euphoric feelings. As we pulled back and looked at one another, her face told me she was experiencing similar emotions.

There was just a momentary awkwardness, as we looked around the quarters. Sandi came to the rescue, saying "We've both had a busy day, so let's take a nice soak in the tub. I'd love to have you wash my back and rub the tension from my neck and shoulders." I quickly agreed. It was a great idea! As the large bathtub filled with water, she raised her arms to put her hair up and I unbuttoned her blouse. We slowly undressed each other, savoring the moment. I unfastened her bra and slid it from her shoulders, exposing lovely, well-proportioned breasts, with perky turned-up nipples. Admiring her gorgeous figure, I said, "You're beautiful, Sandi." She pressed her firm body against mine, kissing me passionately and making my genitals tingle in anticipation.

We finished undressing and climbed into the tub. She sat between my legs, with her back to me, and I began to wash her back, neck, and shoulders. She raised her arms for me to do under them, presenting the most erotic view of her breasts. They seemed just waiting for attention, and were not to be disappointed. As I lovingly washed, cupped, and kneaded them, Sandi leaned her head back against my shoulder and turned her face toward me for a wet kiss. I worked slowly down her torso, reaching the golden triangle of soft curly hair on her Venus mons, that most sensual curve advertising the treasures that lie just below. Her eyes were closed and her thighs parted to give access to her most private region.

Words I had studied reminded me, "Be gentle, go slow, patiently coax her passion along." So I bypassed her womanhood and used the washcloth on her legs, stroking them first on top and outside, then underneath her legs and butt. When I did her inner thighs Sandi's midsection was pushed upward, seeking contact. I let go of the washcloth, placed my right hand at the top of her curly mound, and slid it slowly down until I gently cupped her sex. My left arm curled around her and I held one breast, tenderly kneading the nipple. I slowly stroked up and down her labia, easing my middle finger between the soft, puffy outer lips. She thrust up against my hand. Her body became taut from head to toe as I continued to stroke between her sensitive lips.

I explored deeper inside her sex with two fingers, my right thumb gently massaging the hood over her erect clitoris. Sensing she was nearing a climax, I pressed two fingers firmly against her G-spot and rhythmically massaged it. Her breathing shifted to quick gasps, and her nipples suddenly were noticeably larger, rigid as a penis. Sandi pressed her feet against the end of the tub and pushed back hard against me, shaking her legs violently and thrashing the water about. Then she inhaled a deep breath and held it, made a series of quick thrusts against my hand, and let out a loud primal moan. It was the most wonderful sound I'd ever heard.

As her sweet body descended from the heights of ecstasy, quivering with aftershocks, I cradled her tenderly, kissed her face, and placed my cheek against hers. For a minute neither one of us spoke, until she softly whispered a single word, "Wonderful." Whether she meant the orgasm or me did not matter.

Sandi quickly recovered, turned around to face me, and sat down between my thighs with her legs beside me. Her green eyes sparkling mischievously, she announced, "Now it's your turn to get washed, mister. I'll make good use of this soapy water as it runs out, and we'll get some fresh to rinse with." She proceeded to wash me lovingly, her soft hands lingering on my sensitive genitals. We ran several inches of hot water back in and rinsed off each other. Then we leaned toward one another. Our lips parted, and touched lightly. We shared breath, barely moving. She reached out, gently grasping my thick penis. I slowly ran my fingertips over her sensitive nipples. We were totally focused on the feelings flowing between us, almost in a trance.

Sandi leaned back, looked me straight in the eyes, and grasped the sides of the tub for support. Moving forward until our bodies touched, she lowered herself until my rigid penis touched her outer lips. I hadn't anticipated that...not in the tub...and started to say something about a condom but before I could open my mouth I felt her hand on me, then the delicious sensation of sliding inside her tight vagina. With her arms and legs wrapped around me, she began to thrust and squeeze. My fingers clutched her buns, pulling her against me to push my penis deeper inside her, to the very core of her sex. The sensation was incredible and I would have soon filled her with cum except the hard bathtub pressed rather painfully against my butt as we rocked back and forth, passionately coupled. Sandi had another wonderful orgasm, this one lasting much longer. Her arms and legs squeezed me like a vise as her vaginal muscles contracted in waves. A very long Ohhhhhhh! escaped her lips, pressed almost against my ear. It was more beautiful love music.

We got out of the tub in a bit and dried each other off. As if to thank my penis, Sandi knelt down and kissed it all over, finally taking it into her hot, wet, mouth for some loving strokes. My pre-cum was flowing and, judging from the satisfied look on her face, she found the taste to be pleasant. It was extremely arousing to watch her sucking me and I would have quickly ejaculated in her mouth but wanted to hold off.

Taking her by the hand, I led her to the bed and instructed her to sit on the edge and lie back. As I knelt down between her legs she licked her lips in anticipation of the pleasures to follow. 

I'd given head before but had never wanted to do it so much. I began to lick Sandi's labia, gradually penetrating her with my tongue. My hands cupped and kneaded her breasts. She had her knees drawn up and was holding my head as I continued to eat her out. Her passion steadily rose as I tongue-fucked her. Replacing my tongue with two fingers, I moved my mouth up to suck her engorged clit, standing erect like a penis. She arched her sex up against my face and began to ejaculate girl-cum on me, wetting my chin.

I'd read about female ejaculation but had never experienced it. She had a musky woman-scent and her pheromones were intoxicating. As her orgasm subsided I kept my mouth against her and two fingers inside her, not moving. After a minute I began to nuzzle her sex with my face and Sandi responded. Turning my fingers so they curled downward against the bottom of her vagina, I placed my thumb against her anus. That allowed me to massage those sensitive areas from both sides simultaneously. As I began sucking her clit again, she soared to new heights, flooding my face with more girl-cum. Then she collapsed back down on the bed, her body quivering with aftershocks.

My erection had been up so long it was almost painful, but Sandi needed to recover. I moved up and cradled her with my body, supporting my weight. My penis was resting on her furry mound, trapped between her hard body and mine. After a few moments she said, "That was incredible. Where in the world did you learn how to give such pleasure?"

"I've been studying. I guess you could call me a student of love. But I wasn't expecting...wasn't prepared...in the bathtub, because I didn't have a condom ready."

"Chris, I know a lot about what you've been through, with the divorce and all. And I'm a pretty good judge of character. Tell me, how long has it been since you made love to a woman?"

"Not since the divorce, nearly a year ago, and not for more than a year before that. Things had gone downhill until we weren't being intimate any more. So it's been over 2 years since I made love, other than to my right hand!"

"Ditto for me", she said, "and all that time we both were regular blood donors, tested for STD's."

"You're right. I guess we don't have to worry about disease but..."

"Don't worry, Chris, I've taken care of that, too. And now I'm going to take care of YOU, big time! Put that beautiful love muscle inside me until I've milked it dry, or else!" With that declaration she firmly grasped my penis, spread her firm thighs, and guided me inside her slippery sex. We began to rock against one another with increasing passion.

A tingling urgency began to gather and grow, filling me like a rising tide, building toward release. As she locked her ankles behind my head to allow deeper penetration, I pushed forward to increase the pressure on Sandi's engorged clit. Our genitals were locked tightly together, her vaginal muscles squeezing my penis, which became firmer and larger as my climax approached. Sandi threw back her head, her mouth open as if to yell, while orgasmic spasms swept over her body. The milking action of her vaginal muscles sent me over the top and my spurting fountain of ecstasy sent hot, thick streams of cum deep inside her...one, two, three times, and more. We collapsed in a quivering, entangled heap, totally spent.

I looked at Sandi's face and saw tears were running down her cheeks. For a moment I was very concerned, fearing my passion had caused her pain. But her smile quickly told me they were tears of joy. My own eyes filled as I realized how wonderful our lovemaking had been, and how much I cared for the woman in my arms. I didn't want to ever let her go.

Epilogue:

Sandi and I were married several months later and have been together for almost two years now, sharing love that continues to grow each day. She's absolutely incredible and I'm the luckiest guy in the world for finding her. We decided to share our story with others who may be discouraged about finding their soul-mate.

--------------------------------------------------

E-mail comments to the address in my profile.

--------------------------------------------------

Acknowledgement:

Very special thanks to Desdmona, who encouraged this work and provided constructive criticism that helped to improve it. 