 What a day. Sean looked at his watch slowly as the bell rang. One more period, just 45 more minutes and his first full day at Wilshire Girls Academy would be complete.

"This isn't all it's cracked up to be." He thought to himself. He had entered the profession with dreams of changing lives, and accepted this position in hopes of viewing a few attractive young bodies in the process. The uniforms were perfect he noted, but what filled them left much to be desired. As the day wore on his classes were filled mostly with homely socialites with whom he could never hope to connect. The few pretty ones were nothing to lose sleep over and were certainly too wrapped up with themselves to give Sean a second thought. Now he only longed to go home and drown his sorrows in a glass of wine and a long, hot, bath. The late bell rang and the spoiled brats before him took their time finding their seats. He was in no hurry and simply surveyed the scene as he waited.

"My name is Mr. Maxw...," he began, but was quickly interrupted by one last straggler.

She; however, was quite different than the rest. She certainly felt no remorse for her tardiness, but neither did she treat Sean as though he was below her. To the contrary, she found him quite to her satisfaction as she entered. Her walk was so sensual, Sean couldn't help but stare and wonder to himself how one so young had learned to carry herself in such a manner.

Slowly she found the last remaining seat in the front of the classroom. Sean began his introductory lecture, mere formalities that required little thought, but as he spoke, his eyes were drawn back to her. She was dressed just as the others, but she stood out nonetheless. Her silky white blouse, with one more button undone than the rest showed just enough to keep Sean entranced as she leaned forward as though she were clinging to every word. She had plans for this one. He couldn't take it anymore, as he glanced at his watch for what seemed like the millionth time that day. Quickly finishing up, he dismissed the class early and began packing up his things. She took her time waiting for the others to filter out. Then began to follow after them. As she passed by him she managed to hold back a smile as a book fell from her slender fingers. She slowly bent over knowing that her short skirt would reveal everything he needed to see. As she continued to the door she heard the voice that she expected, somewhat shaken, but determined.

"Wait, miss," Sean called out. "What is your name young lady?"

As she turned, her lovely brown hair resting becomingly on her shoulders and her lovely deep brown eyes left only her full, luscious, red lips to show that this was not your typical little angel.

"Melissa, sir," she answered in a sultry voice that would make even the strongest of men, weak in the knees.

"I-I do not take kindly to tardiness in my class room," Sean stammered. Thinking to himself how he sounded like his old teachers he vowed he would never become.

"I'm soooo sorry sir," she purred. "Please forgive me."

The pout that accompanied her voice forced Sean to look away to avoid grabbing her right there. She knew then that he was hers.

"Just don't let it happen again," Sean replied. "I'll let it go this time I suppose."

"Thank you sir. I know I deserved to be punished," she said as she smiled wickedly at him. "You're very kind. Could you possibly give me a lift home? My car's in the shop and my friends have probably all left by now."

For a moment his heart skipped a beat, but he quickly shook his head no as he tried to move to the door. She gracefully slid between him and the door and looked at him with pleading eyes.

"Please sir, I'd be ever so grateful," she said, with her face just inches from his.

He could think of no alternative, and badly wanted to leave this place. How could he explain it if someone walked in this instant?

"Fine come with me," he relented.

As they approached his car, his heart pounded knowing that it would be the end if he were caught with a student in his car. He wanted her to hurry, but she had no such concerns. Under any other circumstances he would watch this little show happily, but not now. Finally they reached his car and got in. He relaxed a bit and managed to enjoy her presence on the ride to her house. What could go wrong now? Most of the danger to him was over. As they drove on, he became aware of how aroused this whole situation. A teasing young schoolgirl was every man's dream he thought to himself. If he played his cards right....,but no he had to stop thinking that way. He breathed a sigh of relief as she showed him the driveway to her house, but it could hardly be called a house. It was a mansion in the truest sense of the word.

"Want to come inside sir?" she said shaking him from his thoughts.

"Uh no, I don't think that would be such a good idea."

"Don't worry, we won't be caught. The maid's out for the afternoon, and we'll be all alone."

This time he was determined to stand firm, as he sat there shaking his head. A moment later, however, he no longer had a choice. In a flash, she managed to grab his car keys and bolt from the car. She ran into the house, almost before he realized what had happened, and slammed the door behind her. He raced after her, and tugged at the door, but to no avail. She had locked it behind her and was looking at him teasingly through the door.

"Let me in, Melissa. Give me my keys back."

"So now you want to come in? I thought it wasn't a good idea."

With every moment he stood out here the risk of getting caught grew.

"Please, please let me in."

His pleas were met with only the sound of laughter behind the door. He began to bang on the door as hard as he could. Finally after what seemed like an eternity he heard a click as the door unlocked. He quickly turned the knob and burst into the house slamming the door behind him.

"What do you think you're doing?" he screamed, and then quickly saw that the buttons of her blouse were half undone.

He was going to teach this little tramp a lesson he thought to himself. "Where are my keys?" he bellowed.

"Right here," she responded, holding them up, then slowly sliding them into her shirt. "You'll have to come and get them I guess."

"Oh you don't think I will?"

He was beyond reason now. He started toward her and backed her into a corner. "Now you're going to get it young lady. I'm going to teach you a lesson you'll never forget."

For a moment, he actually began to scare her, but she quickly regained her composure. After all, her plans never went astray. Slowly she pulled the keys from her bra.

"Is this what you want sir?"

"That's what I wanted. Now I'll have much more," Sean replied harshly as he grabbed the keys and tossed them aside.

"Oh sir," she moaned, unbuttoning yet another button. "You can have anything you want."

Suddenly Sean ripped her blouse open, popping the last two buttons off.

Smiling, she shrugged the blouse from her shoulders. Sean wanted to stop, to end it before it was too late. He turned his head looking for his keys, but a soft hand returned his gaze to her. Her head shook slowly as she smiled. "You're not going to leave me now, are you sir?"

She softly caressed his face, letting her fingers then graze his lips. He kissed them each in turn. Slowly he pulled her to him, holding her in his strong arms.

"I knew you wanted me sir," she said smiling.

Silently he slipped off her bra and lowered his mouth to her young supple breasts. Her body arched, as his toungue swirled around her nipples. A moan escaped her lips as she slowly rubbed her hips against his. Even through his pants, she could feel his erection clearly. This was going to be more fun than she had hoped. She began to unbutton his shirt as he continued to fondle her breasts. Deftly she removed it, without any hesitation. Clearly she had done this before, but Sean was too entranced to notice. Her hands immediately went to his muscular chest, rubbing and squeezing, then gently running her bright red nails over it. Her mouth was not far behind. Her luscious red lips kissing slowly. Then her tongue as she licked and gently sucked at his skin. He was in heaven. He wanted her so badly. She looked up at him with pure lust in her eyes, and slowly continued to undress for him. Her plaid skirt fell to the floor as she wiggled free of it. The lace panties beneath followed close behind. As she kneeled before him, his mind raced. He knew it was wrong but he no longer resisted. Her slender fingers made quick work of his pants and boxers leaving him fully exposed before her. His erection throbbed just inches from her face. She sure could pick them she thought to herself as his long thick member stood at attention. She smiled as she wrapped both hands around it and stroked it firmly.

"Oh sir, you're so big," she cooed.

She watched as a drop of precum formed at the tip of his huge member. Slowly she licked it from him; her hot breath washing over his cock. He groaned as his pleasure, and arousal grew. She began to lick around his throbbing head, then swallowed his cock deep into her throat. She let her teeth rake over him as her head slowly bobbed back and forth. Slowly, deeply in and out of her mouth. She paused long enough to blow on the rock hard pole he offered, then continued to savor his taste. She could feel him getting closer as she stroked him and sucked his head at the same time. His fingers, embedded in her long dark hair, grasped at it as he to felt the impending explosion. She paused for a moment looking up at him.

"Do you want to come in my mouth sir?" she said licking the purple head, "or in my pussy?"

"In your mouth," he gasped after hesitating. "Suck me dry!"

She smiled, happy to oblige. She knew what he wanted. She began stroking faster she sucked and nibbled at the tip.

"Oh, oh yes, that's it baby!" Sean cried.

Faster and faster, then taking it completely in her mouth as she felt him tense up. He moaned deeply as his come spurted into the back of her throat. She swallowed it eagerly, but couldn't help letting some dribble onto her chin. His climax seemed like it would never end. When it finally did, she carefully took the drop of come from her chin and licked it from her finger. Smiling, she turned her attention back to his softening cock. Carefully, she took her time, licking him clean.

"Did you enjoy that sir?" she asked in a child-like voice.

"Yes, you were terrific. How did you learn to do that?"

"I've had some practice sir," she replied with a seductive smile.

"Please, call me Sean. I'd love to do this again sometime."

"I'm sure you would...Sean," she said as she arose from the floor. "But what makes you think it will be that easy?"

"What are you talking about?" Sean asked, growing more nervous.

"My father owns the biggest bank in town you know. He's a very powerful man. I wonder what he would do if he found out a teacher at school took advantage of me."

"WHAT?!?! Why would you do that? I thought you enjoyed it."

"No, my dear Sean," she replied mockingly "you enjoyed it."

"Please, please don't do this," he implored. "It would ruin me."

"Precisely. You're catching on quickly," she said condescendingly.

"Are you blackmailing me? What do I have?" he said becoming more frantic.

She looked him over for a moment, admiring his chiseled frame.

"You belong to me now Sean," she replied, flashing a wicked grin. "You've had you're fun, now it's my turn"...