 Upon first sighting of Samantha Marbalene, Tony gave his initial rundown of her. This was routine with every girl he saw—whether he was looking at her to judge sexually or not. He liked to think of himself as a high-classed man, not a low-life scumbag who checks out every girl he sees. But for as long as he's known himself sexually, he cannot simply look at a woman and not her assets. He keeps his thoughts to himself, of course, but it doesn't stop him from thinking.

Samantha took a seat in the front row of the lecture hall. She wore cutoff shorts, a low-scoop, black tank top, All-Star converse shoes, and had her short, blonde hair pulled back with a black headband. A glorious red flower pinned next to her temple. She was tanned with a faultless frame, sparkling deep blue eyes and a smooth face. There wasn't a doubt in Tony's mind that she was perfect. The tops of her mounds on her chest poked through her hugging top, her legs were long and muscular, luscious as she crossed them in her desk. A flat stomach hid beneath her clothes, and she had a single star tattoo on the top of her arm. 

Her eyes flickered up to his as she got out her notebook and set it on her desk. A flash of a breath-taking smile flitted at her lips before they went smooth and pursed again and she looked down. Tony took a deep breath to corral his thoughts, but immediately his mind went off on a thousand different erotic fantasies of her. How could she be sitting there so nonchalantly and not notice the dazzling beauty she brought with her? 

His first sighting of her sent a surge of desire through his body, that sizzled in his cock threatening to bulge out of his pants. Perhaps the most desirable part about her was that she was completely forbidden—off-limits in the most frustrating way. She was a student, maybe twenty years old at the oldest, and delicately innocent in this world.

Tony hastily recomposed himself and stood at the head of the lecture room right on the hour. The large class of 300 students grew quiet and their eyes gazed on him. He felt like he'd done this routine a thousand times before—first day of classes—but having Samantha Marbalene sitting in a front row desk, watching him incessantly, made everything seem new. For a moment he was at a loss of words, especially as his eyes accidentally brushed over hers for a moment and the fantasies throttled his thoughts. He turned to the whiteboard and wrote out his name.

"Professor Lipton," he announced. "No substitutes, please. I once had a student call me Iced Tea. Never again..."

A couple of snickers broke out across the classroom. Tony couldn't help but notice Samantha smiling at his joke. A powerful wave of desire coursed through him again but his eyes wavered before it could take control of him. He paced the room with a marker behind his back.

Tony was a well-loved professor at the university—known for making students feel at home and relaxed with his witty jokes and marvelous sense of humor. Usually, a biology lecture would be gravestone boring. But with him teaching it, a lightness floated about the room and students eagerly awaited his classes. He took pride in that. He liked his job.

Every student filled out a sheet that outlined who they were and what they were majoring in. Most of the time, Tony wouldn't get around to reading half of them, but he knew he'd look up a particular one as soon as he had the time. He watched diligently from his podium as Samantha filled hers out and dropped it off on the front table before leaving elegantly through the back doors. Tony watched her round, perfect ass disappear through the doors. 

Once she was gone, he impatiently waited for the other students to leave, and as soon as he was alone, he sifted through the stack of papers until he found hers at the bottom of the pile. She had curly, neat handwriting that scribbled across the page in black ink. He folded the paper and tucked it into his bag. Tony hardly recognized this sort of behavior—rarely does a random girl catch his eye like that. And never to this sort of obsessive degree. He wondered whether he would start developing a fetish with crushing on his students, and he shivered at the thought.

Regardless of his morals, he got back to his large apartment in downtown and took out Samantha Marbalene's paper from his bag. He watched the curve of her letters and he was instantly reminded of the curves of her body. A craving from deep inside his gut longed for her. He didn't understand why she had captured his attention so fully, but it was clear that he would do anything to have his way with her. And in reality that probably won't happen—she's a student. What sort of erotic fantasies about a student come true? Tony will soon find out...a lot.

The first month of classes went by in a hazy blur. Tony concentrated on lecturing the students about principals of biology and evolution and before he knew it the next test was right around the corner. He assigned a five-page essay due the day of the test.

And when home alone at night, Tony would think about Samantha Marbalene. She always sat in the front of the classroom with a luxurious wardrobe that thoroughly enhanced her beauty. She would smile occasionally but Samantha was a peculiarly quiet girl—she didn't converse much with the other students. And by the few questions she'd answered in class, Tony's concluded she's astoundingly intelligent. There's no doubt in his mind that she will ace the upcoming test. It only turned him on more to her. Hearing her voice on those rare occasions, seeing her diligently taking notes and paying attention to what he had to teach, and her profoundly beautiful body was translating into an animalistic craving for her Tony couldn't ignore. When he'd think about Samantha Marbalene alone at night, his cock would be stick stiff, throbbing to the point of surging pain, and even the most erotic and vigorous masturbation wouldn't completely satisfy him. 

He tried watching porn again to get his mind off of Samantha, but it wasn't the same as when he was younger. All he wanted, all her hungered for, was her and nobody else.

The next day, Samantha didn't show up to class. It consumed him with disappointment and worry for her—she never ditched class. He trudged his way to his office in the next building and sat down at his computer, preparing to go through the hundreds of e-mails in his inbox. He was interrupted about ten minutes later by a knock on his door.

He turned and there stood Samantha Marbalene, standing in the doorway to his office. He froze for a second before recomposing himself. She was as beautiful as ever, wearing a blue t-shirt that stopped halfway down her mid-drift and revealed a few inches of delicious tan waist. She also wore a short, frilly white skirt with a pair of sandals. Her eyes watched him, blinking innocently, with those sparkly blue eyes.

"Hello Professor Lipton," she said in that rich voice, sounding like golden honey in the air. Tony found his mouth watering watching those pink-frosted lips move. "I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions about the upcoming test."

Tony cleared his throat. "Of course, have a seat," he said, waving to the chair across his desk. Samantha smiled sweetly, tucked a piece of hair behind her ear as she clutched at the strap of her bag over her shoulder and sat down on her pretty little ass. Damn, Tony wished he was that chair and he imagined how it'd feel to have those round, bony ass cheeks wiggling in his lap. His cock throbbed under the desk with the thought. "What can I help you with?" he asked.

Samantha folded her hands in her lap and stared relentlessly at him. There was s light pink flush in her cheeks. "I didn't totally understand the stages of mitosis material you covered. You mentioned something about crossing over but I didn't catch what exactly that was. It's been bothering me."

Tony just smiled to her and flipped through some folders until he found the printed PowerPoint slides describing and illustrating crossing over. He handed the packet to her and diligently went through each process. It wasn't so simple as teaching a lost student about the material, because it was Samantha. As Tony talked, he couldn't but notice she didn't once look down at the papers in front of them, she just watched him. When he finished, Samantha thanked him shyly and tucked the papers away into her bag. Tony leaned back in his chair but carefully hid the protruding tent in his pants from her view.

"You're a really good student, Samantha," he said. "I missed you today in class."

Samantha bit her lip endearingly with a sheepish smile and her cheeks turned pink. His dick was suddenly even harder, if that was even possible. "Oh...I was writing the essay." She nodded her head as she met his eyes. "I'm writing it on twins, actually."

"Really?" he asked, raising his eyebrows impressively. "Why twins?"

"I had one once," she said. Tony leaned forward again with interest. "But she died when we were infants. We were born connected, you know? The stages of mitosis got screwed up in the womb and we had the same skull fused together. My sister had to die in order for me to survive, or the other way around." She leaned forward and pulled back some of her shiny, short blonde hairs on her skull and revealed a bumpy pink scar along her scalp. Tony nodded with interest.

"Fascinating," he concurred. "I can see why you'd want to write about it." He paused, eying her.

"I brought it with me...I was wondering if you'd want to read it?" she asked. He nodded, fingering her to hand it over.

"Of course, I'd be happy to," he said. Smiling eagerly, she dove into her bag and pulled out her essay, handing it over. He flipped it to the first page and read it all the way through as she waited patiently for him to finish. As he read the last sentence and looked up, she was smiling in a much-too-unfairly seductive way. His cock still throbbed with yearning in his pants and he began to feel a dribble of precum coat his underwear. Slowly, he set the papers down, just watching her.

"It's very good," he said. Samantha smiled even brighter.

"Thank you," she purred. She took her papers back and stood up to leave. "Anyway, I'll leave you be. Thanks again, Professor."

She was at the doorway when Tony felt like a rubber band snap into his face. He didn't know why all of his morals suddenly flew out the window behind him but he called at her. "Samantha, wait!"

She swung around, her eyes open and curious. 

"I'd like to talk with you," Tony said, waving to the chair again. Samantha closed the door and took a seat without question.

"About what?" she wondered.

"About you."

He really couldn't believe he was being honest with her. Why was he dooming himself to revealing his true feelings?

Samantha tilted her head and smiled innocently. "What about me?"

"You're a very fascinating student," Tony supplied lamely. "I'd like to know more about you."

"Okay...like what?"

"Where are you from?" he started.

"Ohio," she said. "Went to high school there and everything. Moved out here to study biology."

"Good choice," he said. She giggled under her breath shyly. "Are you enjoying it here?"

"Very much so."

"Friends? Boyfriend?"

Samantha chuckled with a pink flush in her cheeks. "I've made a few new friends, but no boyfriend, no. I don't think I'm the boyfriend type, actually. Too busy and all that."

Tony grinned triumphantly and he hoped it didn't come off that way. If it did, Samantha didn't notice and her innocent expression didn't change. He tried to come up with another question but he found himself just laughing without anything to say.

"What?" she asked with a giggle.

"Uh..." He rubbed his forehead with his hand. "Samantha, I..."

Both went quiet for a while and he chuckled a few more times.

"I'm very attracted to you," he admitted. 

Samantha giggled once before her expression turned to one of a surprise. But it wasn't a disgusted surprise, she actually raised her eyebrows with a sly smile. "What?" she asked again.

"Uh..."

"You're attracted to me?" she repeated. Tony sighed and nodded, meeting her eyes as he swung back his hair.

"Yes. Very," he said. Samantha held a placid expression for a while until it exploded into a very sexy, intrigued curiosity. Her eyes flickered over him as she was gaining bravery with that knowledge. He couldn't move. He expected her to feel uncomfortable and excuse herself from the suddenly tense room, but she did the opposite. She leaned in closer to him, still smiling.

"Well, I think you're hot," she said softly, seductively. Her eyes flickered downwards until they met his fascinated eyes again. "All the girls who take your class fantasize about you. Even me. I mean, you're young and you're attractive..." Tony thought Samantha was innocent. He found out he was sadly mistaken of that fact.

"I'm easily ten years older than you are," Tony blurted. Samantha looked sideways at him with fake hurt.

"I just turned twenty, thank you very much." Tony looked upwards with a smile and nodded his head from side to side in thought.

"Alright, eight then," he admitted. Samantha giggled as she stood up from her chair. She checked to make sure the door was shut and there were no windows (none besides the one that faced the wall of trees and bushes outside) before she strode over to his side of the desk. As soon as she rounded the corner her eyes glanced to his bulge and fixated there as she licked her lips

"Just say no if you want me to stop," she murmured softly as she approached him. He said nothing so she continued. "I'm really wet..." She stuck her hand down the front of her skirt, into her panties, and when she pulled it back out her fingers were glistening with her abundant juices. Tony nearly came right then and an animalistic growl escaped from his throat. He couldn't help himself and reached forward and grabbed her thighs, pulling her on top of him on the chair. To finally feel her skin, to feel her on top of him, his hands on her precious body, Tony felt a distinct tightening in his balls that fired a full erection in his pants. 

Samantha's pink lips found his and she played with him sensually before he parted her mouth and explored her tongue with his own. She tasted sweet like honey. A little tangy, too, like his favorite fruit. She moaned delicately and his hands clutched her waist before pulling up her shirt and releasing her breasts from her bra. Her shirt and bra fell to the floor and her breasts dangled loosely in front of him. She clutched at his hair as he leaned forward and sucked one pointed coral nipple into his mouth and played with the hardened tip with his tongue. She gasped with delight as he bit playfully and continued to flick with his tongue. He released her breast and found her mouth again as he settled her on top of his desk.

Breathing hard with arousal, they both scrambled impatiently to get the objects on the table out of the way. A box of pencils fell to the floor and scattered right as Tony reached under her skirt and rubbed against her amazingly soaked silk panties. Samantha threw her head back with a cry as he stroked faster. He pulled her panties down to her ankles and touched her sweet, wet folds of her pussy with his hands. He opened her lips and rubbed delicately at her red, beaded clit with his index finger. As he flicked and tapped in circles her cries grew increasingly louder with an approaching climax. 

"Put your fingers in there," she asked, her voice coarse with desire and lust. She grabbed one of his hands and put his fingers in his mouth. She moaned as he lubed one of his fingers with his spit and carefully penetrated her tight, clenching pussy hole. It was so hot and moist and alive in there and he longed to have his cock penetrate that cave and have her muscles milk around his shaft. 

He slid his finger in and out of her, slowly and first and then he increased speed and Samantha writhed on the desktop, gasping in pleasure as her pussy muscles continued to take him in and clench around his fingers. He found her clit with his tongue and flicked a few times before taking it between his lips and licked incessantly, unleashing a torrent of pleasure to her. Her body shook with her orgasm as her strangled cries pierced the room. Her hands knotted into his hair and pressed his face closer to her as he continued to lick her pussy and finger fuck her. 

"Tony!" she cried. He was surprised she used his first name. Had she rehearsed this? "Oh, Tony!"

Her muscles tightened in her pleasure around his fingers and her hips rocked erotically against his face as her orgasm continued for another moment or so. Her pussy tasted sweeter than her mouth as her juices dribbled out around his fingers and around his tongue. She breathed heavy, shaky breaths in the aftermath of her orgasm and he removed his fingers and surfaced his face. He needed to be inside her—he longed for his achingly throbbing cock to feel what his fingers felt. She shimmied out of her skirt and tossed it aside as Tony slid his pants down his legs and finally unleashed his stiff cock to fresh air. It twitched with the new room it had to expand and grow even larger. Samantha watched it with interest as he rubbed it once with his hands before he aimed it towards her eagle-spread legs and pressed his precum-coated head into the sensitive entrance of her pussy.

He pushed his way inside her extremely tight hole and she moaned in pleasure at each stroke. Her muscles clenched at him and he groaned loudly as he began to thrust lightly in his lusty hunger. Her pussy expanded and tightened as he thrust and the wildly hot and moist cave had his balls squeezing tighter and tighter and a growing heat began at the back of his spine. Samantha looked up at him with her eyes wide with lust and her mouth open in a moan and surprise as his balls and thighs slapped against her ass. He increased the speed of his thrusts and Samantha's mouth fell open in ecstasy and she came hard, her body thrashing as fantastically as her pussy muscles around his cock.

"Ohhh, Samantha," Tony groaned under his breath. "God, Samantha...so fucking beautiful."

She squeaked wordlessly in response.

Tony felt his release spurt inside her, again and again, as his seed burst up into her pussy and she milked him with her orgasm. The heat from his spine shot forward through his cock with his last stream of spunk into her crevice. He groaned in release as she moaned softly, shaking in her aftermath. He removed his cock of her hole and it was covered in cum and a few streams of it dribbled out of her hole and down her ass and pooled on his desk. It was fucking hot.

He rubbed his softening cock as his balls loosened again and his penis lost its stiffness. Samantha got up from the desk and bent over, exposing her white, luscious tushy to him. He grabbed those incredible soft ass cheeks and licked at the entrance to her anus. She moaned and her knees quivered as he teased her with his tongue. He inserted a finger into her pussy and lubed it with cum and then rubbed it all along the opening to her asshole. The rose-shaped muscles of her sphincter loosened and he gently poked his wet finger into her hole up to the first joint. He poked her, in and out, until she loosened completely and she was gasping in content, pleasure, and arousal. She began to shake, her thighs twitching.

Tony's cock hardened again within a moment and eagerly he stood up and eased his dickhead around the opening of her anus and tickled her sphincter. She moaned a whine as she reached back and stroked his cock once with her hand and then guided him towards her anus and had him penetrate her.

"Fuck me there," she pleaded. "Fuck my ass."

He pushed his way inside and started to slide against the walls of her ass. She gasped in pain and pleasure and slowly her muscles relaxed and she was groaning energetically with each of his thrusts. Feeling her white-hot muscles around his cock was heaven, the smooth interior of her ass sucking at him and giving as he shoved deeper each time.
