 It's not like this was out of the blue. I've seen it coming for a long time. I just didn't really think it would actually happen, ya know? Ok. Back to the beginning -- almost 3 years ago now. 

Sherri is the boss' wife, but more than that, she's also part-owner of this company. From the first time we met, there seemed to be a spark of some sort, but I shrugged it off, thinking it must have been wishful thinking. She's rather young to be partial owner of a company, and her marriage seems to be a business arrangement. They stay together as a formality, and because of their daughter, but things have never been good with her husband. It doesn't even seem to bother him when she's flirtatious with the guys around the office. Maybe he's just accepted that she's going to fool around, but he needs her because she's the brain behind the business. I don't know. I don't think anything has ever happened as a result of all that flirtation. Well, at least not until now. 

Fridays are usually sort of a "dress down" day for everybody other than Sherri. She comes to work dressed as usual, playing the part of the rich and sexy young executive. This past Friday, she seemed to be on the prowl more than normal. As I said, nothing has ever happened before because nobody has ever had the guts to respond to her flirting, even if just to see how serious she might be. But we work together fairly often, and she has often flaunted herself at me -- the way she walks when she knows I'm looking; teasing me often with quick glimpses of her beautiful cleavage; the little smiles here and there; bending over to tease me with that hot little ass. You get the picture. She's hot and she knows it. But being the part-owner of the company and wife of the other owner, she enjoys the power and intimidation she has over people. Well, this past Friday as I was saying, she seemed to be a little more aggressive than normal, and it showed in her outfit. She wore a tight skirt that ended about 4 inches above the knee and displayed a generous amount of her well-toned legs. Above that was a tight-fitting short-sleeved sweater meant to accentuate those wonderful breasts. She works hard at the gym, and is proud enough to show off the results. I've often dreamed of what she looks like under those sexy outfits of hers, never dreaming that I'd ever really find out. Well, Friday, between the outfit and her teasing, I decided it was time to finally press the issue. I couldn't take it. So when she asked me to stay after work to go over some reports with her, I began to come up with a plan. I didn't know how, but I had to find out if she was just a cock-tease or if she actually wanted me half as much as she was making me want her.

So 5:00 came along and the place was quickly deserted, everyone else being eager to get the weekend underway. Sherri came back to my office and sat on the desk next to me and we chatted for a while about the reports and what impact they would have on the meeting coming up the following week. After a few minutes, we decided to get down to business. Sherri turned her back to me and leaned over to spread out the reports on my desk. As she did, her sweater slid up, exposing a little of her firm abs, and giving me a tantalizing view of those breasts hanging down. I couldn't take any more. "The hell with it," I thought, "even if she's a bitch and fires me for this, I have to know how those breasts would feel in my hands." So I stepped forward and quickly slid my hands along her abs and then up under her sweater. When they found their destination, I was surprised to find no bra there, only those perfect breasts filling up my hands. She hesitated and froze for a second, and I thought I'd soon be looking for new employment. But then she closed her eyes and moaning quietly, stood up and leaned back against me. I knew right then that this was exactly what she wanted to happen tonight.

I stood there for a moment, my excitement overwhelming me. Then I slowly slid her sweater up past her shoulders and over her head. She simply stood there, savoring every sensation, for once she was not the one in control. I turned her to face me, and the thrill of Sherri standing there topless almost instantly gave me a throbbing erection. She's perfect. Perfect to me, at least, and I've heard enough whispers around the office to know that most of the other men in the company wouldn't argue much. Looking me in the eye with a burning look of passion, she eased down the zipper on her skirt, dropping it to the floor where her sweater had already landed. Unbelievable. She was wearing the sexiest pair of black lace panties I have ever seen. Or maybe it was what was in them, but does it really matter? She wasn't in them long, and as soon as I snapped out of my trance, I quickly shed my clothing as well. From where I stood, she was somewhere close to a 36c-22-34. Toned, tanned, and incredibly sexy. 

I stepped forward and took her face in my hands, tilting it upward to meet my lips. It seemed as if something exploded in my head. I had wanted this so long, and it seems she had too. I have never known as much passion as I found in that kiss. Regaining her composure, she turned me around and pushed me into a seated position on the desk, once again resuming her normal place of control. I wasn't sure what would come next, but I knew I'd enjoy it. She looked me in the eye, trying to decide how to proceed. With a sly smile, she stepped forward, taking my erection in her hand. With a look of pure enjoyment, she slowly lowered her head until her open mouth was just centimeters above my aching dick. My mind was reeling. I'd had some great experiences, but I've never been with anybody who was willing to suck my cock. Could I be so lucky? Judging by the look on Sherri's face, tonight I would be. She was loving every second of this as much as I was, maybe more because she knew what she had planned for me. Slowly, almost torturing me with pleasure, she inched her mouth downward to my balls, taking in every inch of me. I thought I was going to explode. Seriously. My whole body felt like it would explode if she kept this up -- my agonizingly slow trips in and out of her mouth. After a few minutes of the most intense pleasure I've ever known, she sensed that I couldn't take any more. She took me in all the way, the tip hitting the back of her throat. Pausing just a second, she then began to bob her head up and down feverishly, pushing me closer to the edge. Soon I could take no more and exploded deep into her throat as unconsciousness washed over me. I opened my eyes to see Sherri slowly licking me clean, my head still spinning from the experience. She knew it had been good for me, and she smiled to herself, sensing that my first blowjob might guarantee my future "loyalty to the company." If there were more experiences like this, I'd take as many late nights at work as I could get. 

Still in control, she slowly worked me back to an erection, pausing between licks to stroke me lovingly. Though I had done nothing, her devotion to my pleasure had left her pussy dripping wet and aching for action. Coaxing me closer to the edge of the desk, she climbed up and took her place directly above my again throbbing erection. She was not about to give up control, but it didn't matter to me. As good as she was at controlling my pleasure, she could have just as much control as she wanted. After teasing me for what seemed like minutes but was probably only seconds, she plunged downward, plunging me back into unbelievable ecstasy with the feeling of her hot, tight pussy around my aching cock. She is apparently as expert at cock-riding as she is at sucking them. Slowly, slowly, she inched up and down, enjoying every sensation that was flooding through her body. As before, she continued her slow pace until she knew I could take no more. Then she accelerated her movements to a feverish pace until I again exploded into the most amazing climax of my life and again floated off into dizzying unconsciousness. 

As I sat up, it took me a minute to get my eyes to focus back on the room around me. I looked around, but Sherri was nowhere to be seen. I wondered how long I'd been out, but it couldn't have been too long. She'd wisely hurried out of the office, not taking the chance that we'd somehow be discovered. I was bewildered as I gathered my clothes and got dressed. Then I saw the quickly scribbled note on the corner of my desk. 

"Too bad we didn't have time to go over those reports tonight. It's a good thing the meeting isn't until next week. We'll have to try it again tomorrow."