 It was about three days after Christy's overnight when I took my last final for the summer. She had made it harder to sleep and study, she called me late every night for phone sex while sending me pictures of her fingering herself.

"I want you cum all over me," she would whisper as she heard me stroking and moaning her name. "Squirt it all over my face, my neck, mmmyesss my titties too."

The night before my final, I took pictures as I jerked off for her, and spurted cum on my phone. When I wiped it off, I told her how much I wanted to lick her soaking cunt as she squirmed and squealed. When we were finished, she promised we would celebrate more when my exams were done.

I raced home from school that day, almost squealing wheels as I turned into the driveway. Christy had texted me, she was shopping and promised I would love what she bought.

But the house was empty, not even Erica was around when I came through the garage door into the kitchen. I stole a glance out by the pool and Jacuzzi – no one there either. I was horny, so horny I could not stand still, so I decided to burn off some energy with a swim.

I wore a fairly modest pair of shorts out to the pool, but there was no hiding the bulge raging against them. The water was warmed by the sun when I dove in, it seemed like nothing would make my hardon go away.

It was not a huge pool, but I attacked the laps like I was an Olympian. I think I had finished four laps when I stopped in front of a foot draped in the water at the edge of the pool. I looked up to see Danielle, stuffed into a one piece blue racing suit that looked ready to burst. From the feel of my cock, that made two of us.

"Slow down lover boy, save some energy," she said, flicking water into my face.

"Hey there. Where is everyone?" I asked.

Danielle reached down and tugged at the crotch of her suit. She ran her hands back up her sides, over the d-cup breasts swelling through the spandex.

"I think it is a girls shopping day," she said. "So I came over early for my turn."

With a sudden leap, Danielle soared over me, and then landed with a cannonball in the pool. I caught most of the splash in my face, some sprayed back across the patio. As I rub my eyes, she moved in next to me.

"What do you mean, your turn?" I asked.

"Hey idiot, big tits don't mean dumb babe," said Danielle, rubbing her hand over my stomach. "You've made everybody cum but me. And everybody but me has made you cum."

Her hand snaked down, clasping my rock hard rod through my shorts.

"Oh, were you waiting for Christy?" she asked as she reached inside and palmed the head of my dick. "Don't worry, she'll be here in a bit. But she agrees sharing is a good thing, and she said she wanted you naked when she got here."

Danielle tugged at my shorts, dragging them over my hips before I shimmied out of them. They dropped to the floor of the pool as she resumed her stroking.

"You can touch me too," she whispered before slipping her tongue into my ear. "Unless you don't like horny girls with big titties."

I kissed her hard, reaching for the nipples pressing hard against her suit. Our tongues were nearly fighting and Danielle was making my cock jump. She'd stroke hard with it between two fingers and her thumb, tugging from the base to the head as I moaned into her mouth. As I quivered, she slowed down, rubbing the shaft with her extended fingers.

Naked in the warm water as she gave me a handjob, my knees buckled. It was like jerking off in the bathtub, only now with a hot horny girl urging me on as she teased, caressed and yanked.

"Mmmmm, Mr. I Had a Tough Exam wants a release, doesn't he?" cooed Danielle as she tickled my cock head with her thumb. "Ok, but you gotta make me cum after I'm done."

She sped up her jerking, kissing my neck, and biting my nipples gently. When my groans got louder and faster, Danielle slowed her pace, working me back from the edge as we kissed.

"Is you cock full of cum for me?" she asked, whispering in my ear again. "Do you want me to be your horny cum whore?"

I gripped the edge of the pool, leaning back and waiting for the explosion I knew was coming soon.

"If I make you feel like this with my hand, how do you think I'll make you feel with my mouth and pussy?" she asked. Then Danielle went to finish me off. Shifting hands, she wrapped her fingers around me, a firm grip leaving a little space.

It was like a wet dream when I barely knew what they were – a sudden boiling onrushing that had me thrusting and shouting and cum barreled through me and I fired spurt after spurt into the water.

Danielle slowed her stroking as my dick twitched and I panted. My face was sweaty and I looked at the water to see gobs of cum swirling around.

We were startled by sudden noises in the house - the shopping trip had apparently ended. As Erica and the others filed by the screen patio door, Christy stopped and looked at us.

She smiled, held up a small bag from the surf shop at the mall and walked towards the stairs in the house. I was going to love this vacation.