 taking up where we left off...

My hands squeezed her ass tightly and pulled her body down onto my mouth. I kept licking up and down her dripping pussy. Her thighs pressed against the sides of my head, but her moans were loud enough for me to hear. I could feel her whole body shiver and weaken when my lips wrapped around her clit. I hummed lightly, flicked my tongue, and blew a little air over her wetness; each step bringing another gasp from her lips.

After many licks and lots of shivers, I finally realized Marie was trying to stop me. Her fingers tightened in my hair and finally managed to pry my face away.

“Oh wow,” she gasped, sinking down into my arms. “I thought I was going to pass out.” I could feel her heart pounding as she cuddled up next to me. She nuzzled her face into my neck and her breath rasped against my ear. She kept shaking and purring and the feeling of her hot soft body had me more than ready to go. When she shifted in my lap, my cock came to rest between her supple asscheeks. Marie gave a little giggle at the feeling and bounced against me again, trying to tease me.

“MMMmmm, that feels nice.” She said softly, turning slowly, sitting on my lap and turning her back to my chest. My arms instantly slid around her and my hands ran from her thighs to her breasts. I licked up her neck as she arched back against me. Damn, I was so hard. Marie slid her hands down between her thighs, lifted her ass up and lined my throbbing cock directly at her spread pussy. The warm wet folds of her pussy closed around my shaft as Marie quickly sank down onto my hard dick.

She put her feet on the floor and scooted down on me until I was completely buried inside her. I put my hands on her hips to steady her as she started to bounce up and down. Each time she rose up, I could see her spread pussy leave a trail of wetness on my erect cock. Then she would slam back down, flattening her gorgeous ass against my hips.

By now we were both pretty sweaty and Marie’s ass slapped against me with a wet pop. My fingers rubbed her smooth flesh along her hips and up her back. I could look up and see her curly hair wave from side to side. A drop of sweat rolled between her shoulder blades and down the small of her back. I was mesmerized by its progress across her ass and its eventual fall onto my body. Her riding pace quickened and she began to buck wildly on me. The feeling of her hot wet pussy gripping my cock felt so amazing.


Marie dropped a hand down between her thighs and started rubbing her clit as she rammed her hips down on me. Her muscles tightened around my cock and I arched my hips up to meet her. I thrust my cock deeper inside her as she bounced down on me. Her hand went from her wet clit to rub my balls while we fucked each other towards paradise.

Just when I thought we were both going to explode, Marie jumped a little too high on her upswing and lost her balance; falling back against me. I caught her slippery warm body in my arms and my stiff cock slapped between her flailing thighs, but I couldn’t duck when her elbow flew back and clocked me on the temple. I heard the smack and felt the pain.

“Ouch, I never said I liked rough sex,” I groaned.

“Oh crap, I’m sorry,” she said, turning to look at me. I chuckled and shook my head a little. Marie lifted a hand and rubbed my face lightly.

“I’m fine. It’s no big deal, sweets. I’m a tough guy,” I joked.

“Good,” she giggled and kissed the tender spot, “Then we can get back to it.”

“Oh I don’t know. I think I lost my concentration,” I laughed, pushing her down against my still-hard cock.

“Well, why don’t you concentrate on this?” she giggled and slid her body off mine. She crawled away from me slowly, wiggling her sweet ass. Peeking over her shoulder, she leaned over the coffee table and spread her thighs wide. My mouth hung open as she spread her knees, crossed her ankles, and pushed her ass up in the air. Her curly locks spread across the table as she lowered her face and moved her hands down her body. I gave my slick cock a few stroked as I moved behind her. Watching her slowly sway and jiggle made me throb even more.

“Now fuck me!!!” she begged as she reached behind her and spread her ass for me. Her pink pussy glistened and winked. Guiding my cock with my hand, I pushed my hips forward, thrusting my hard shaft deep into Marie’s wet pussy. She tightened around me and sighed while driving her ass back against me. My hands locked on her shoulders, pulling her back and grinding my hard shaft into her until my balls bounced against her clit. One of her hands moved under her to rub her clit while I started to pound into her.

Faster and harder, I drove into her pussy, pushing her body against the table and her soft ass back against me. Marie was moaning constantly now. Who knows what the hell I was saying as I fucked her hot body. The pleasure built as she rubbed my swinging balls and ran her thumb around her clit.

We were only seconds away from orgasm. Moaning and panting and willing each moment to last forever. Marie hooked her feet behind my thighs and molded our bodies together as her explosion began. My mind took a snapshot then: I saw her curls waving in the air, her smooth, tan body stretching out before me, my fingertips digging into the soft flesh of her ass, and the sight of my cock sliding deep into her wet pussy.

With a moan, I pushed into her and felt the cum fly out of my pistoning cock. Her spasming pussy gripped my throbbing shaft as my hot load of cream pumped into her. Splashing inside her and mixing with her love juices, it poured out of me like a geyser.

Marie reached behind her and grabbed my forearm, digging her nails into my arm as she felt wave after wave of ecstasy. It was wonderful and wild. She shivered a few more times and then fell flat against the table. I slipped out of her and sat back against the couch.

Watching her, I lifted my hand and rubbed the growing bruise on my face. It was worth it, I thought to myself.

Marie slowly got up and turned around. Smiling, she leaned down and softly kissed my lips.

“Stay there,” she said. “I’ll bring you a beer and an icepack. Wanna order a pizza?”

“Yeah, baby, yeah,” I chuckled. Definitely worth it.