 I enter the tall office block, and nod to the security guard as I make my way over to the lifts.  I call the lift and wait for it to arrive.

The doors slide open and I step inside and press the button for the floor I require.  The doors slide shut, and I look down at my dress and smooth it down with my hands.  I can feel the tops of my stockings as I slide my hands over my hips and thighs.  They have lacy tops that hold the stockings up, so there are no suspenders to ruin the line of my figure hugging dress.

The lift comes to a gentle halt and I step out. I smile politely at the people who are waiting outside the door, and they enter the lift behind me.  The doors close and I hear the lift set off down to the ground floor, and all is quiet.

It is late afternoon. Sunshine is still streaming in through the windows, as I walk along the corridor towards your office.

You are not expecting me. You do not even know I am in the city today. I reach your door and stand quietly looking in.

There you are at your computer, typing away and concentrating on the screen, not even aware of my presence in the room. 

Your hands hesitate over the keys, your head tilts to one side and I hear you breathe deeply through your nose.  As you begin to turn your head, I slide my hands over your eyes.

“Guess who?”  I breathe into your ear.

“Is it really you?”  You whisper in surprise.

I take hold of the back of your chair and turn you to face me.

“Hi, sweetheart.”  I smile into your astonished face.

You stand and take me into your arms.  You are lost for words as you hold me close, I can hear your breath catch in your throat, and I pull back to look into your eyes.

“I can’t believe it’s you… you are actually here.”

“I told you I would come.”  I replied with a smile.

“Oh hon, it’s so good to see you.”  You say, as you bury your face into my neck.  Your arms feel so good around me, and you smell divine.  Your lips against my neck start tiny kisses up to my mouth, and when finally our lips meet for the first time, I feel like I’ve come home.

We had known each other for months of chatting on line, getting to know each other, same silly sense of humor… I enjoyed your intelligence…. Now we were both alone. I saw no reason not to travel to your city. But here we were, together at last.

I felt like I was drowning in your kisses, heat coursing through my body. I pushed you back into your chair and reached to loosen your tie.  Slowly I undo the tie, and drop it on the floor.

Next I undo the buttons of your shirt…

“Shouldn’t we go somewhere more comfortable?” you ask.

“I can’t wait that long.”  I reply breathlessly, as I pull your shirt out of your trousers and pull my dress up so that I can sit astride you in your chair.

Your hands run up my stocking-clad legs, feeling the contrast between the lacy tops, and the soft skin of my thighs. I hear you moan gently, as I close my mouth over yours once more.

I feel your hardness through your trousers as I wriggle in your lap.  Your hand reaches to the zip at the back of my dress and I can feel you pull it down until my dress falls off my shoulders and my breasts are revealed to you.

With a groan, you bury your face in my cleavage and hungrily suckle on my nipples.  I am squirming in your lap now, and I reach for the waistband of your trousers and undo them.

Breathlessly I stand up letting my dress fall to the floor. I am not wearing panties and all I have left on are the stockings.  I pull you to your feet pushing down your trousers and briefs.  You sit back down and kick the clothing out of the way.

You erection is standing proud and tall, and I fall to my knees and worship it with my lips and tongue.  Your hands are gripping the arms of your chair -- knuckles white. I hear your groans of pleasure as I suck you deep into the heat of my mouth.

“Stand up!”  I hear you command, and I do your bidding.  You pull me towards you, while you lean forward and bury your face in my pussy; your tongue delving between my shaven lips, licking across my clit and driving me wild with desire.  

Soon I am crying out in pleasure, one hand at the back of your head, pushing you closer into me.  

I can’t wait any longer, and I push you back by your shoulders and lower my glistening wet pussy onto your cock.  Slowly lowering myself onto you, your cock filling me, deeper and deeper.

A moan escapes my lips, as I feel you deep inside me.  Your face, once again between my breasts, as I begin to slowly move up and down your length.

You feel incredible inside me, but the arms of your chair are making it difficult to move.  You can see my discomfort, and gently stop me and suggest we change positions.

You make me stand up, and my frustration is obvious, I need you now!

Your turn me round and bend me over your desk.  Then I feel you entering me from behind.

“Oh yes…. I love it like this…” Your hard cock fills me once again, and I begin to moan loudly.  I hear you kick the door shut.

“Not too loud hon… In case anyone hears…”

“I’ll try…” I whimper as I bit my hand, to try to hold back my sounds of passion.

Slowly at first, you push in and out of me, but it’s not long before you begin to move faster.

“Oh please… harder… fuck… me… harder…”

Your hands take hold of my hips and you begin to drive your cock hard into my soaking wet pussy. The sounds of our bodies slapping against each other can be heard along with my muffled moans.  Harder and faster you plunge into me.  I can feel another orgasm approaching, my body tensing in anticipation. As you pound into me, I hear you let out your breath as you cum deep inside me -- my pussy walls contract around your cock -- and I cry out my pleasure.

As our breathing starts to return to normal, I stand and turn to you for another long, lingering kiss.

“Oh hon, that was amazing….” You tell me between kisses.

“You were pretty amazing yourself.”  I grin and gently bite your lip.  “Now, I am starving, are you going to take me out to dinner or what?”