 "I can't believe I'm doing this," I thought to myself as jolts of pleasure ran through my body. I tilted my head back with my eyes closed as the intense feeling spread across my body. "God it feels so good, this has to be a dream, it just has to be."

I open my eyes hoping that I was just waking up from a wonderful dream with Cecile lying next to me in bed. I would still be buried deep within her because of the passionate sex we had had the previous night. It had been so hot and so intense that we had both collapse and promptly fallen asleep still in the same relative position we had been in. But once my eyes had fully opened I saw the same thing. Four dull metal walls that didn't reach the ceiling or the floor. I braced myself as another shiver of pleasure ran through me.

"Yea babe just like that, don't stop, take all of me in!" With my words of encouragement, Cecile relaxed a bit and slowly took my throbbing shaft deep into her mouth. She was crouched in front of me holding my balls with one hand the other furiously working me as she slid me in and out of her mouth. Her skirt was hiked up around her waste her panties partially pulled to the side. I could see her smooth lips even from my lofty point of view. The sweet drops of dew clinging to them turned me on more and more just adding fuel to the current situation.

As she took me further and further into her mouth I could feel everything tighten up a bit as I moved into her throat. I could feel my head press against the back of her throat sending shivers down my body. I could feel myself reaching climax and groaned as my head hit again. "I'm gonna cum baby," I groaned as I hit the back of her throat again. I could feel it rushing towards me faster and faster, kinda like a cheetah when it's going after lunch. With amazing quickness Cecile stopped playing with my balls and pressed firmly against what she liked to refer to as the "Not Yet" spot. I could feel myself having an orgasm but because of Cecile's quick actions I didn't actually ejaculate. It seems the "Not Yet" spot had prolonged things yet again.

Whenever I think about the "Not Yet" spot I always laughed. Cecile had so aptly named it that because whenever she pressed it she would always kiss me as my orgasm subsided and then smile saying, "Not yet big boy." 

As my orgasm subsided I braced myself on the wall again, my legs had gone all wobbly. Cecile kissed me fiercely pulling me into her letting my still hard member press against her wetness. I grabbed her ass cheeks pulling them apart while I squeezed them. There definitely was one advantage to the "Not Yet" spot, I could go through the feeling of an orgasm and then be completely ready to go again immediately. Cecile knew that too and she pressed her desires as soon as she had seen I was over my orgasm. One hand ran along my saliva soaked shaft while the other played with her already around pussy.

I smiled at her, pulling her closer to me, grinding my hips into hers, letting my cock press against her wetness again. We kissed again as I picked her up, her legs wrapped around my body as I walked us to one of the walls in this little box. She leaned back against it holding on top of the wall for some support as I ran my head along her glistening wetness. "Don't tease me please, just fuck me hard right now!"

I couldn't deny her after hearing those words as I pressed myself deep within her. Her warmth surrounded me as I went deeper and deeper within her. Slowly I began to pump myself in and out of her, the sounds of sex filling the room. Cecile looked deeply into my eyes as I began pounding inside her. I could see her lust, her desire to cum.

"Come on fuck her please, make me cum right here, I want everyone to hear what we're doing," she begged me innocently. I knew it would be impossible for me to ignore her pleas so I picked up the pace a bit. As I slammed myself into her I pressed her back against the wall of our little private box. Her breasts free from her shirt, she didn't wear a bra normally, bounced with my thrusts tempting me to grab them. But despite how badly I wanted to grab them I couldn't since I was holding her sexy body up while I slid in and out of her. Her moans slowly became more audible as time wore on.

Just then the sound of a door opening rang shrilly through the room we were in. Both our hearts raced as we thought we might have gotten caught. Despite the fear of getting caught I still plowed deep within her making long slow strokes, pulling myself out to my head and then plunging back in. Cecile fought to keep her moaning to a minimum as the unaware stranger went about her business.

"We're going to get caught, I just know it," I thought as the sensations seemed to increase with each passing moment. Had it not been for the blowjob and the "Not Yet" button I would have blown my load in Cecile by now. I had always wanted to do something like this but until tonight had always chickened out when it came down to the act. I kept up my movement despite the stranger taking her time with whatever she was doing. I know she knew what was going on. I am sure she can smell it, as well as hear it. But amazingly a face didn't peep over the partition to the box wondering what exactly was happening. After what seemed like days the door finally opened again and the sounds of the stranger disappeared completely.

"God I thought she would never leave I wanted to scream so damned much. Keep fucking baby this is heaven right now!" She let go of the top of the wall with one hand and slid it down to her clit where she began to furiously work it. Her hand raced circles around her hard little bump heightening her arousal. She became even wetter, which was something I didn't think possible since she was so wet right now that I slid in and out of her with ease. Soon her hand was completely covered with her juices and she reached around to her ass and began to rub it. "Once I get myself nice and wet back there you're going to fuck me good back here, you got it? I want to be stretched open."

I smiled when I heard her say that, "Anything you want babe you got, ok?" I kept my rhythmic motions in and out of her wetness; I could begin to feel my next orgasm building when Cecile pushed me out of her. She gracefully put both feet back on the floor and turned herself around pushing her ass into the air. I looked at her lustfully taking in this sight making sure I could remember it until the day I died. Her sweet ass was thrown out waiting for me, her legs damp with her own juices as well as her tight little hole. It was partially covered from my view from her panties, which weren't completely pulled out of the way yet; but I could still see, I called to me begging me to fill it up.

I stared at her as she held her cheeks open waiting to me to press myself into her once again. I don't know what came over me at that time but I crouched down and began to lap at her tight little hole. Her juices covering it tantalized my taste buds as I lapped at her furiously. Her moans filled the room again as I worked her pussy with my free hand while my tongue played lazy circles around her anus. I pressed my tongue against it gently and could fill it begin to open up for me. I continued to apply pressure and soon that tight little hole had engulfed my tongue allowing me to explore her in a way I had yet to explore this vixen. "God yes don't stop," she moaned for me. I worked her tight ass until I finally thought it was completely ready for me. 

I stood up and positioned myself behind her. With one hand I spanked her playfully while with the other I rubbed myself making sure I was nice and hard for her. I pressed my head against her tight opening causing it to open slightly. As I applied more and more pressure it opened more and more welcoming my hard shaft within its deep confines. Her tightness always seemed to surprise me regardless of how many time we had anal sex. It always seemed like the first time, the only difference was she was now completely used to having me inside her tightest hole.

I slowly began to work myself in and out of her. Whenever I would withdraw her tight muscles would clench begging me not to pull out. They would then relax as I pressed back into her. Our moans and groans filled the room once again with the sound of sex. The smell filled the air as our lovemaking began to reach a climax. I could feel myself getting closer and closer to a second orgasm and it was the same for Cecile. Her body began to shake from the pleasure.

I leaned in close to her and began to kiss her back as well as lick her ear lobes; she always seemed to love that. With a free hand I worked her clit furiously running circles around it then abruptly changing directions to increase the pleasure. "Oh fuck yes, fuck my ass," she screamed as I pulled out again only to plunge back in. I could feel her entire body reaching its climax as I pulled out again and again. Our bodies were coated with a fine film of sweat by now but neither of us cared. All that was on our minds was the conclusion.

I could finally feel myself within seconds of eruption when Cecile's orgasm hit. Her screams of pleasure filled the room, they assaulted my brain causing me to completely lose control. I erupted inside her ass filling it completely. We stood there together panting from our exertions, our kisses filled with passion as we rested enough to get our senses again. I could feel myself begin to soften in her ass so I pulled myself out. She sighed contentedly as I withdrew, the feeling must have sent some residual shocks of pleasure through her body. A couple drops of my cum escaped when I had pulled out of her but she greedily wiped them up and licked them off her fingers. "Now that was a good orgasm baby. Just what I needed, for now at least." She winked at me with those last words and images of another night filled with wild passionate sex filled my mind.

"Damn girl that must have been a good one, wish I could get my man to do something like that," a voice praised from the other side of the wall. We jumped at the sound of the voice since we didn't hear anyone come in. I guess we must have just been so caught up in what we were doing that the sound of the door was of little care to us. We both smiled as we kissed. After a few minutes of kissing we quickly pulled our clothes back on. Cecile fixed her thong making sure none of my juices escaped her, and then she pulled her skirt back down before quickly pulling her top back over her breasts. I could only stare at her as she did this, "God you are so fucking sexy right now, if it weren't for that orgasm I'd take you again right here."

She smiled at me as she blushed at my compliment. "Don't worry baby, tonight you'll have all you want of me, but right now I think we have a few friends who are waiting for us." With a wink she bent down and kissed my slimy head as she packed it back into my pants.

We quietly came out of the box, with a quick check of her hair in the mirror Cecile and I exited the restroom and rejoined our friends whom we had left at least half an hour earlier. "Wow that one definitely took a while you two!"

"Well you know when you gotta fuck you gotta fuck, am I right? Besides it's not like we were missed too much," Cecile shot back playfully. Laughs came from each person of the group as they realized the validity of her statement. As all of us laughed we ordered another round of drinks and were soon in a blissful state of drunkenness.

"I can't believe I just did that," I thought to myself as I stared longingly at Cecile.

This is chapter 5 of my series of study buddies. I apologize, to those who enjoy my stories, about the last chapter. It was more of an experiment for myself as a writer and it seems that I failed miserably at it. Hopefully in the future my writing will become better and better. Please as always feel free to leave me any feedback it is always greatly appreciated.