 "OK," I continued, my gaze wandering across the blank walls of the tiny study room, "so Ross believed in a weaker form of ethical rules, called Prima Facie duties"

I gazed over the table at the dark-haired girl, scribbling frantically in her notebook. She paused for a second, looking up and smiling bashfully at me, then leaning back down to her notes.

I went on explaining. "Basically, Ross believed that there are certain principles that everybody should follow, but that they can be overridden in special situations."

"Oh!", she interjected, "like the serial killer at the door example?"

"Exactly. Just because something like lying might not be acceptable normally doesn't mean that there aren't circumstances where it becomes necessary to do more good. So, that's why Ross's ethical theory is way more permissive then Kant's... and that's the end of the review sheet."

She eagerly finished the last sentence in her notebook, then, with a flourish, capped her pen and clapped the book shut.

"Thank God," she sighed, "I'm so sick of this class. Philosophy is so boring, oh my god."

I laughed. "Well, I don't really mind it, but then again, I'm a philosophy major. You'd kinda hope I enjoy it at least a little."

"And you've done four years of this too! I'm not sure I could've survived this semester without your help, let alone four years. I still feel bad though. I mean, you've spent, like, a ton of time helping me out. You've got to have better things to do."

"Don't worry about it," I replied casually, relaxed by the heat of the tiny room. "Who knows, I might have to take a psychology class someday and need your help."

She laughed sarcastically. "Sure, like that's gonna happen. Hah. Are you sure you don't want me to pay you?" 

"Your money is no good to me. I said don't worry about it." 

The dark haired girl sighed and started to put away her books. She was pretty, not in the "anorexic supermodel" sense, but in the sense of actual beauty. She had curves in all the best places, and had just enough flesh on her to enhance her already attractive features. As she bent over in the chair, my eyes wandered to her plunging neckline, and her ample breasts. I gazed longingly, wishing I could see them without that pesky black top, when suddenly, I realized that she was looking right at me. 

"My eyes are up here", she said quietly.

I felt my cheeks catch fire with embarrassment, having been caught red-handed. I stared at the corner of the room, trying to avoid eye contact, and started to stammer some witty comeback, until she broke out into a laugh.

"Don't worry," she said, putting her hand on my cheek to turn me back towards her, "I'm glad you like them. I'm not offended or anything."

"Well, I... yeah... they're... look, I'm sorry"

She laughed. "You do like them, right?"

I stared at her face for a moment, the question not even registering, let alone that she would ask me that. 

"Well, do you?"

"I... well, I mean, yes, they're very nice, I mean.."

She smiled. "Would you like to see them?"

"I'm.. I'm not sure I should be looking. You know, me being your tutor and, well, yeah, I'm sure your boyfriend..."

"I'm single, don't worry." She reached over and shut the door to the small, windowless study room. She reached up and pulled the left strap down off of her shoulder. "Nobody's here," she said, smiling, "and I certainly won't say anything. So, would you like to see my tits?"

My mouth hanging open, I just stared blankly. Here, a pretty young girl was offering to take off her top for no apparent reason. The three hours of Tutor Sexual Harassment training screamed for me to walk away, but the rest of me wanted to stay and finish out the show.

"Look," she said, as if sensing my question, "it makes me feel sexy, and besides," she smiled, "you're kinda cute. Consider it payment for your tutoring". 

Still a bit stunned, I whispered my final objections to put my mind to rest. "Are... are you sure?"

With that she slowly pulled down the other strap, then paused, looking at me for my final approval. With a gulp, I nodded, and she flipped her top and bra down, exposing her ample breasts. 

She sat there, smiling at me and slowly rubbing her legs together as I stared at her chest. I soon became aware of my rapidly stiffening cock, and tried to shift my weight to hide him. 

Slowly, she brought a hand up to her breast and started rubbing and kneading it, a quiet moan escaping her lips as her eyes closed. She opened her eyes and looked over at me bashfully. 

"Would.. would you maybe rub them?"

My breath caught for another moment. "Are you absolutely sure you want me to?"

She reached over and took my hand, placing it on her breast. I began to rub and she moaned, louder than before, her hand dropping down between her legs. I kept slowly rubbing, my cock now firmly pressing against my jeans, as I relished the feel of her breast.

She took her other hand off of her breast, and ran it up my leg, eventually stopping on the bulge in my jeans. 

"Oh wow," she gasped, her hand slowly rubbing her clit through her jeans, "you're really hard. Would you like me to... you know..."

I knew that I couldn't turn this down, and besides, she seemed to want it. I stood up in front of her, my eyes fixed on her slow rubbing, and then unbuttoned my jeans. 

In a flash, her hand was inside my pants, and within seconds, she had my hard cock out. She began stroking me slowly as she sat up and slid down her own pants, leaving just a pair of yellow thong panties. Then, staring up at me lustfully, she pulled aside the front of her panties, revealing her shaved lips, and began to rub herself. 

She stared intently at my hardness for a moment, and then pulled me towards her and took me into her mouth. I gasped at the sensation, and she started to moan more loudly, her rubbing speeding up even more. Her lips sliding up and down my shaft as she stroked, I felt her moans through my hardness, and started gasping with pleasure. Watching her rub herself wantonly as she sucked me, I began shaking, my orgasm rapidly approaching.

"Oh God," I gasped, "You're gonna make me come..."

She moaned, starting to shake in anticipation of her own orgasm, and then took me even deeper into her mouth, moving even faster back and forth. Only seconds later, I was on the edge of orgasm. 

"I'm... I'm coming!"

She moaned loudly as she sucked me, the vibrations sending me over the edge. Looking down at her, her lips wrapped tightly around the tip of my cock, I filled her mouth with my hot come. She kept sucking and licking me even as I came, and I noticed her starting to tense up. I reached down and cupped one of her breasts while she rubbed herself and she cried out, her lips still wrapped around me, her body convulsing as she came.

Once she stopped shaking, she slowly removed me from her mouth, standing up and pulling her thong back into position. She licked her lips and smiled, bringing her pants back up to her waist, then finally put her top back on.

"Well," she said, "I needed that. I was hoping to get a chance to do that to you this semester."

Speechless, I stuffed my cock back into my pants as she reached for her backpack.

"So, do you think that covers the tutoring for the semester?", she asked, grinning.

Like a deer in the headlights, I just nodded, still shocked at what had just happened.

"Good" she said as she picked up her pack and opened the study room door. "Good luck on the final, and thanks for the... uh.. study session".

I flopped down into the chair, confused, exhausted, but smiling, and just nodded as she turned and walked off into the library.