 Tiffany was close to orgasm as she hopped up and down on my lap. I was reaching around fondling her bouncing tits. We were sitting on the couch and I was leaning back with Tiffany bouncing up and down on my cock with her back turned to me.

“Oh god!” She kept repeating.

She was close to her third orgasm and I was desperately trying to hold on for her. Her pace had picked up and I leaned forward kissing and biting her shoulder and neck, something she loved having done to her. I began pinching her erect nipples and that was all it took.

“OH MY GOD!!” she screamed in pleasure as her orgasm to hold of her. I felt her body tense and she stopped riding me as she shook. I began to pump her and it only took a few seconds before I too came and unloaded my seed deep within her.

We were both now slouching on the couch with my cock still imbedded in her warm snatch. We both struggled to catch our breath. I continued to roam my hands all over her naturally tanned skin of this half-Korean beauty before me. She turned her head up to mine and we kissed with our tongues probing each other’s mouths.

“That was the best study session yet.” She said in a low sultry voice.

What she was referring to is that we were paired up together for our sociology project in college. We were told to analyze the interactions between men and women in groups and alone. We had until the end of the semester to complete the project but we thought we would get an early start.

We had found that we each had 2 hours between classes on Tuesday and Thursday mornings and we would use that time to get the project done. She had an apartment right off campus so we decided to do the project there and when we needed to the library was 3 minutes away this way we can be as loud as we can when we would get into the inevitable arguments because of our subject. Her roommate would have class so we would be alone.

She was a casual friend of mine. I had an English class with her the previous semester. I didn’t expect anything although she is beautiful with her oval green eyes long dark brown hair, naturally bronzed skin, an incredible C rack, voluptuous ass, and amazing curvy legs.

It happened on our third study session and the discussion had turned to sexual relationships between men and women. She had begun telling of her experiences and I began telling her mine. Needless to say this sex talk with a beautiful, Asian college co-ed had turned me on. Little did I know that it had also turned her on. She then started talking about how men can be so bad at sex when that’s all they think about.

“That’s a good point. I don’t think that applies to me though.”

“Really, how would you know? How do you know that they just don’t fake it?”

“Because I doubt they can fake it 3 times without at least one of them being real.”

“Three times!” Her eyes shot wide at my comment. “How do you pull that off.”

I laughed at her choice of words. “I just hold on for as long as I can and make sure my girl enjoys sex as much if not more than me.”

“Why do you want that? I thought guys just wanted theirs and that’s it.”

“I pity you if you have to ask that. You must have had some real losers in your life.”

“Don’t get me started on that and answer my question.”

“I enjoy pleasuring a woman.” She started shifting in her chair a bit. “I get a sense of pride when I know that I had caused so much pleasure to a woman. But I don’t want to sound like that’s the only reason I do it.”

“Then what the other reason?” She said as she leaned forward and rested her head on her elbows.

“I know if I really make her enjoy the sex she would want to do it again and even initiate sex. I find it a huge turn on when I know the woman is as horny as me.”

I felt her foot begin to rub my leg and I knew now that our conversation had gotten her wet. I began to smile as she rubbed her foot up my leg showing her that I approved of what she was doing. She licked her lips and my cock sprang up painfully in my pants. I was so turned on that I thought all the blood being pumped to my hard prick was going to make it explode.

She then got up and came over to me. She was wearing a low cut black blouse and a tan skirt that bunched up as she straddled me in my chair. She started grinding her crotch and against mine, and felt my hard cock through my pants. We kissed, full of lust and I began to cup her breasts. She moaned in my mouth. I slipped a shoulder strap of her shirt off and began to kiss down her neck and shoulder. I heard her moan louder. That’s when I found out how much she liked having her tits played with while I kiss and bite her neck and shoulders. She began grinding on my lap fast now as I continued doing this to her. She was so turned on that it only took a couple of minutes for her to cum.

She looked to me with a satisfied look on her face but still wanting more. She got up and took my hand and led me to her bedroom. I had a little trouble as my dick was straining against my pants. She pushed me onto the bed and took my shirt off. She started kissing and licking me all over. I picked her head up and grabbed her shirt and pulled it over her head. Her tits were restrained in a tight black lace bra. I began to kiss and nibble at those bronze globes and I reach around her to unhook her bra. I finally unclasp the bra and it pops off her.

I now had a full view of her breasts. Saw them firm with erect, brown nipples. My eyes did not feast on them long as my watering mouth’s will was just too great. I began devouring her breasts. She threw her head back in pleasure and moaned loudly. She was panting hard again. My hands were roaming her back and eventually made it to her ass. I squeezed through her skirt and she began humping me again. I lifted her skirt and I noticed she had a thong on. My hands made contact with her ass cheeks and gave another squeeze of the plump smooth ass.

I reached under her and found the damp patch of her thong. She was really wet. As she felt me play with her pussy she almost growled at me. She pushed me back and climbed off of me. She got up and turned her back to me. Ever so erotically she reached under her skirt and pulled her underwear down bending over as she pulled them down and stepped out of them. She turned around and walked toward me again pushing me on to my back. She continued to crawl up my body and straddled my face. I began eating her pussy. My tongue lathered her pussy lips and grazed her clit. I devoured her hot sex like it was a piece of meat and I had not eaten for weeks. She went wild and rode my face a little hard but it was enjoyable.

I reached up and cupped her breasts. It was not long before she came again. She was breathing hard and I looked up from her pussy and saw those beautiful tits heave as she tried to catch her breath.

“God, your fantastic.” She then realized that I have not been satisfied yet. “But here I am being selfish, you deserve more.” 

The smile on her face was wicked. She took her self off my face and fell to her knees on the floor. She took off my pants and boxers almost in a panicked way and stared at me erect 7 inches. I maybe just over average but I have good thickness. She took it and began to stroke my hard cock. Her small hand could not fit around my throbbing cock. She lowered her head and began to lick my cock all over before taking me in her warm mouth. Her mouth stretched to accept my think cock. I could feel her try to work her tongue around on my cock but there was not enough room to do it the way she wanted. I was taken away to another plain as she bobbed her head up and down my shaft.

Although I loved what she was doing to me I wanted that pussy of hers more. I stopped her and pulled her onto the bed. As she crawled to the headboard I got behind her and lifted her skirt to her waist. I rubbed my throbbing cock teasingly along her slit. She was holding on to the headboard now and I saw her bite her lip.

“Stop teasing and fuck me!” she growled at me.

I could not deny her anymore. I drove my thick member into her. She was so wet and hot from the two previous orgasms I had treated her to. Still she was tight and I knew that my forceful thrust hurt her but yet she loved it.

“Oh my god! You’re so thick. Fuck me now! Please!” I leaned forward and started kissing her neck and shoulders as I slowly started thrusting. She was so tight and hot inside, practically burning. I reached and cupped her breasts. I could not hold my balance like that for long so I pulled her up and she was one her knees like me as I held her against my chest still pumping that scorching hot snatch of hers. I could not go very deep in this position but the sounds she was making told me that I was hitting the right spots. I pinched and pulled her nipples and sucked on her neck. I felt her body tense as another orgasm ravaged her body. I slowed down to allow her to enjoy her orgasm but I was fast enough to not let her come down completely.

She was tired and fell forward, her head landing on her pillow. I was still lightly sliding my cock in and out. She turned her head slightly to the side and told me what she wanted.

“Fuck me hard! Make me cum again!”

I immediately picked up the pace as I began hammering my cock into her. She started thrusting back to meet my pace. I grabbed her hips to help her. I then picked up my hand and gave her full ass a spank leaving a red mark. This is risky as not all girls appreciate this but since she was so horny and begging me to fuck her hard I thought it was a safe bet; I was right.

“Yes!” She squealed. “Do it again.” I slapped her once more. “YES!! AGAIN!” I continued to spank her until I began to think that anymore would leave some lasting damage. Not long after that she came again and let me know it. She buried her head into the pillow but I could still clearly hear what she was screaming.

“Oh god yes! I’m cuuuuummiiiiiiiiing!!”

She collapsed lying down on her stomach. I remained inside her. I laid on top of her and held up some of my own weight so as not crush her. I started thrusting again. She tried to scream and moan but she was too out of breath and it sounded more like wheezing. I knew she wanted more because she spread her legs more allowing me more freedom. I felt her tense up again but this time I heard no screaming as yet another orgasm hit her.

I turned her over and spread her legs wide and plunged in again. She pulled my head down to her shoulder and whispered in my ear.

“Fuck, me. Fuck me and cum inside me.”

I could not deny such a request. I lifted my ass and plunged myself hard into her and bottom out. She throws her head back and screams a high-pitched scream that only dogs can hear. I start fucking her like a mad man, totally using up any energy I had left to fuck her as hard and fast as I could.

I was like a long distance runner sprinting the last leg of a race. I felt my impending orgasm rise and shoot from me and into her depths. I could not stop. I had held on for so long that my orgasm seemed never ending. I overfilled Tiffany and cum was leaking onto her bed. She was too dazed to either notice or care. I gave one final thrust as I finished emptying my load into her. I was dizzy from the experience and collapsed next to her.

“My god!” She said. “You were a machine. God, no one had made me cum as many times as you.” I began to caress her breasts and leaned in a started to nibble and suck on her tits. She pushed my head back. “I have had more than enough for now, but that was so good that I am going to want more next study sessions.” I smiled because I knew I had accomplished my mission.

That was how we started fucking every study session. We would work for about half an hour and spend the rest of the time fucking each other’s brains out. We actually finished our project early but all that meant was that we had more time to do what we really wanted. We kept our little affair a secret and not even her roommate knew. As the semester ended and we no longer had those guaranteed fuck sessions. I actually asked her out for the first time after we had screwed countless times. Our relationship did not last long but we each still had someone to for a booty call.