 She was nothing like I expected – but there again I hadn't known really what to expect. I'd only spoken to her a few times, and even then the calls always seemed to be when I'd been driving, with poor reception on my mobile phone. So, I hadn't even been able to guess what she might be like from her voice. But as soon as I saw the slender, beautiful lady crossing the room towards me, I knew that it was her. And now, as she was stood in front of me, my mouth felt dry – and my trousers uncomfortably tight.

"Hi, I'm Alexandra – but please call me Alex."

Her voice was soft, almost seductive, but very firm and strong. She was only a few inches shorter than my six feet, although I could make out her stiletto heels at the base of her long shapely legs. She was maybe around thirty, a few years younger than me, but looked younger still. I realised that I was staring. She was dressed in a black skirt and jacket, with a white blouse, looking so demure, so professional – and incredibly sexy.

"Dave," I croaked as I tried to introduce myself, my mouth still dry. "Sorry," I muttered after clearing my throat, "Dave."

Her hand was warm, her skin soft, her grip firm. I felt sure my hand was tingling as I held hers. She raised an eyebrow, a smile crossing her face. I released her hand quickly, realising that I'd been holding on for too long, unable to drag my eyes away from her. But even as our hands dropped, I'm sure something passed between us. Another smile crossed her face, her tongue flicking around her red lips.

"Shall we?" she said, nodding towards were our mutual client waited.

We sat down quickly, and got down to business. Alex was the solicitor representing Andy, a client of mine – I'm an accountant - who had had an accident, and was trying to claim damages. Today we were to agree those damages with the other side.

We talked for a while, but I was totally distracted by Alex – and she knew it. I was distracted by the way she moved, by the way her firm breasts in her silky bra pressed against her white blouse, by the way she flicked her long black hair back, by the way she pushed her black framed glasses onto the top of her head, by the way her red lipstick shone on her wide, very kissable mouth. And I was distracted by the rings – or lack of them – on her fingers.

Our case was called, and we all stood up quickly. Alex stretched, her jacket hanging open as her breasts pressed against her blouse. For a fleeting second, I was all too conscious of the dark shadow of her nipples. I felt my cock lurch, but then she was tidying her blouse up and straightening her skirt. She buttoned her jacket up. It fitted her perfectly, hugging her soft breasts, following the shape of her body at her narrow waist, flaring back out onto her hips. She smiled at me.

Andy nudged me, a wide grin on his face as he watched me watching her, as we followed Alex. I tried to concentrate on the case as we walked the few yards to the courtroom, but somehow my eyes could only follow the swing of Alex's hips, the shape of her long, nylon clad legs beneath her well fitted, knee length skirt, her firm ass.

I shook my head and took my seat beside Alex, all too aware of her warmth beside me. The court rose – and suddenly she was forgotten, as all my professional instincts took over.

Two hours later it was all over. Andy let out a loud yell as everything swung in our – in his – favour. We were all on our feet, laughing as the tension of the last few months evaporated. Alex was hugging Andy. She turned to me, a wide grin on her face. She threw her arms around me for a celebratory hug. I held her tight, too tight. I was all too aware of her soft curves even through our jackets, of her breasts against me, of the smell of her. She pulled away, startled, and it was only then that I realised how hard I was.

I swore under my breath, cursing myself as she turned to slip her papers back into her briefcase. I did the same, my face glowing red at the thought of what had happened. Andy was oblivious to all this, anxious to get away, to be with his family. He thanked us both, and then was gone, calling back over his shoulder that he'd ring us.

We both picked up our briefcases. I followed her out of the court room, distracted again by her slim but curvy body, by her beautifully fitted clothes, even though I knew I'd blown it. She stopped, and turned slowly. A delicious smile crossed her face as she openly looked me up and down.

"A drink to celebrate?" she asked.

I thought I'd misheard her at first – but ten minutes later we'd dropped our briefcases off at our cars, and were sat in a half empty Wine bar with an open bottle of champagne between us. An hour later, we were well into our second bottle – and both knew exactly were our evening was heading.

By now, the Wine bar was getting noisy as it filled up with usual Friday evening type crowd. But we were oblivious to it, sat at a small round table, talking quietly about everything under the sun, our faces inches apart, almost teasing each other by not saying what was really on our minds.

Our legs were touching. I felt Alex move, my knee slipping between her thighs. She squeezed my leg between hers, the heat of her surging up my thighs to my cock. She sat back in the chair, her breasts taut against her blouse. This time there was no mistaking the darkness of her nipples. She finished her drink and smiled at me. A delicious, welcoming smile, that left nothing to the imagination. 

We stood up quickly, and grabbed our jackets off the back of our chairs. I pulled mine on, and then helped Alex into hers, savouring the smell, the closeness of her as I stood behind her. We moved quickly now, grabbing a taxi outside the Wine bar, neither of us wanting to drive. Alex gave the driver her address. It was only five minutes away, but even so she slid across the seat towards me. 

I reached out to her, wanting to pull her to me. But she had other ideas, and quickly straddled my lap, her knees each side of my legs. Her skirt rode up, and I caught a tantalising glimpse of her soft thighs above her stockings. Her breasts were firm against me as I pulled her close. Her tongue flicked slowly across my lips, and then slipped between them to plunge into my mouth. The taxi echoed to our moans as we kissed, as our hands moved around each other.

Our kiss was only broken by the driver coughing politely as we pulled outside Alex's apartment. We scrambled out of the car, anxious to be alone. I gave the driver too much money, just catching his amused grin as I followed Alex. She led me through the security gate of what had clearly once been a small warehouse, now converted into apartments. I watched as she opened the door to her ground floor apartment, and stumbled inside. 

I kicked the door shut behind us as I pulled her to me, hungry to feel her close to me. She wrapped her arms around my neck as I dipped my head to meet her. Our lips met softly, then more urgently as our tongues slid and flicked across each other, before exploring slowly. I slid my hands down her narrow back, pulling her to me. We moaned as we kissed, as our bodies pressed against each other, her breasts firm against my chest, my growing cock against her mound and belly. 

We broke apart, gasping for breath, our eyes locked. She glanced down at the bulge in my trousers, and then grabbed my hand. As she led me along a short hallway, I glanced around at the apartment for the first time. There was a bathroom off to the left, and a bedroom – with a huge bed – to the right. She led me into the lounge, with a kitchen area off to the left.

We crossed over to the huge "L" shaped settee that dominated the room. We sank down into it slowly. I pulled her to me, sliding my hand inside her jacket to rub and caress her back as we kissed, slowly at first. But as the urgency of our kisses returned, she pulled away from me.

"Give me a moment ...."

Her voice trailed away as she stood up and headed back towards the bedroom. I slipped my jacket off and loosened my tie, looking around the room at the modern furnishings, and the bright pictures on the plainly decorated walls.

She came back a few moments later, just as I sat back down. The suit and blouse were gone, replaced by a cream silk gown. She had let her long black hair down so that it hung around her shoulders. She twirled around in front of me. As she stopped, I reached out and tugged at the belt that held the gown together, pulling it slowly. Once it was undone, I let go, and watched as the two sides of her gown split apart.

Alex stepped back as I watched the silky gown slide off her shoulders, down her arms and into a shimmering pool around her feet. I stared at her, drinking in her slim, well toned body. Her breasts filled her lacy pink bra, her dark, hard nipples clearly visible, begging for attention. Her belly was flat, her waist narrow before flaring out onto the swell of her hips. Her long, shapely legs were clad in black stockings. These were held up by a sort of see through mini skirt, which clung tightly to her. It was short, very short, and of the same material as her bra. I could make out a hint of her pussy. She turned slowly. Her tight ass was naked under the skirt that barely covered it.

She turned back to me, reaching forward to run her hand lightly over the iron hard bulge of my cock. Her eyes smiled as she spoke huskily.

"You like what you see then ....." she murmured as she straddled my lap again, and pressed herself down hard onto my cock as she thrust her tongue deep into my mouth. 

We kissed urgently, her arms around my neck as I ran my hands over her body. I felt her soft thighs under my hands before moving onto the swell of her hips. I held her tight, pulling her down onto my cock as she ground herself against me, gasping into my mouth as we kissed, as our hunger rose. I cupped the taut globes of her ass, before running my hands up her narrow back.

As I undid her bra, she broke our kiss and both sat back a little, her breasts rising with her heavy breathing. Her bra fell away. I moaned as her breasts sprang free in front of me. They were firm and rounded, larger than I had imagined, her nipples dark and puckered. I leant forward and flicked my tongue across one nipple, feeling it rising under my touch. She moaned, and pulled my head to her.

I sucked harder, flicking her swelling nipple with my tongue as I drew more of her into my mouth. I reached for her other breast, cupping her before pinching her nipple softly, then harder as she urged me on, grinding herself down against my cock. Her moans filled the room as her breathing got harsher, as she pushed down harder against me. With a gasp, she pulled away. Her nipples were swollen now, jutting out from her breasts.

Alex stood up and grabbed my hand. I followed her rocking ass towards the bedroom, my cock long and hard, begging for release. She dragged my tie off and threw it to one side. We undid my shirt between us, a button flying off in our haste. As I dragged my shirt down my arms she sucked and bit my nipples, her hands reaching to undo my trousers.

Leaving me to finish undoing them, she crossed to the bed, crawling onto the end, looking over her shoulder at me. Her breasts swung free beneath her body, her naked ass pointing towards me. I dragged the rest of my clothes off and stood naked, my cock swaying thick and hard in front of me. She gasped as she saw my cock, her eyes roving over my strong, muscular body. I silently gave thanks for all the time I'd spent in the gym lately, as I moved the few feet to the bed.

As I moved behind her, Alex arched her back, pointing her pert ass directly at me. As her tight rosebud winked back at me, I knew I wanted her there as well as everywhere else. I leant over her, sliding my tongue down the crack of her ass, tickling her tight entrance as she wriggled against me. I reached under her, feeling her firm breasts filling my hands as I licked and kissed her ass.

She moved away from me and rolled onto her back. She drew her knees up, and this time it was my turn to gasp as she let her legs fall apart. She was totally naked, her plump, white pubic mound split only by the pink, wetness of her pussy lips. As I watched, she reached down and slowly drew a finger along her wet slit. With her eyes locked on mine, she sucked her finger, tasting her own juices.

With a cry, I dropped my head between her firm thighs and licked along her pussy, flicking her hard little clit, reaching down to her ass. She pushed against me, rubbing herself against my tongue. I felt her reaching out for my cock, pulling me as she cupped my heavy balls. I cried out as she twisted her own body and sucked me into her wet, warm mouth. Moments later, she moved away from me, and quickly pushed me onto my back, her movements needy, demanding. 

Straddling me, she reached for my cock, holding it upright as she rubbed the tip against her pussy. Her eyes, glazed with lust, were locked on mine again. She dropped her body down, both of us crying out as my cock drove into her body. She pushed down hard, taking my cock deep inside her. For a second she held still, my cock buried deep, her pussy wrapped around me.

Then she moved, slowly at first, but then faster and harder as she bounced up and down on my cock. She reached for her breasts, pulling at her own nipples, cupping her breasts in her hands. I held her hips, pushing my cock up inside her, matching her movements. Her pussy pulsed around me as her orgasm built. She threw back her head, her mouth open, her breasts thrust upwards.

I reached for them as she put her hands back on my thighs. She cried out as I caressed her breasts and nipples, softly then harder, driving my cock deep inside her, driving her on towards her climax. She cried out as she came, as her wetness flooded from her, as her orgasm ripped through her body.

I pulled her to me. We kissed frantically as I fucked her harder, her swollen nipples pressed against me. I drove into her, fucking her through her climax, prolonging it. I reached around her to finger her ass, slipping a finger inside her as she bucked against me, as my cum erupted inside her. Our cries as we came were muffled, our mouths locked together, her tongue fucking me as my cock fucked her. 

We slumped together, gasping for breath, laughing at our release. We slowly rolled apart, my cock slipping out of her. We lay side by side, quiet for a moment, both knowing that there was more, much more, to come.

I rolled onto my side and watched Alex as she got up off the bed and crossed the room. I watched her ass, encased only in her see through lingerie, rocking from side to side. She was back a few minutes later with two glasses of wine.

I lay beside her on my side as we chatted quietly, sipping our wine. Once my glass was empty, I reached over her to put it down on the bedside table. Lying back beside her, I stroked her legs as we talked, my fingers wandering up and down the length of them. I could feel my cock reacting to her body so close to mine, to her soft panting as my fingers rode up higher, as they ran along the soft flesh on the inside of her thighs.

As she reached across to put her glass down, I knelt up so that we ended up facing each other. She glanced down at my rapidly hardening cock, and reached for me, sliding her hand slowly along my shaft.

I reached for her breasts, cupping them in my hands, feeling their firmness, their beauty. I rubbed each nipple gently with my thumbs, feeling them pucker and tighten under my touch. Alex moaned softly, and then more loudly as I took each nipple and rolled it softly between my thumb and finger. I dipped my head, and took her left nipple into my mouth, kissing it softly, rubbing it gently with my tongue. I sucked harder, taking more of her into my mouth, and gradually eased her down so that we were both lying on the bed again.

I reached for her other breast, caressing it. She held my head in both hands, pressing it tighter to her, urging me to suck harder on her nipple. She pushed my head across to her other breast, begging for the same treatment. I kissed and licked between her breasts, all around her breasts, moving from one engorged nipple to the other, sucking them softly and then harder, teasing her, pleasuring her.

I ran my hand over her slim midriff, pausing to tickle her belly button. I cupped her naked mound, savouring the feel of her total smoothness against me. I ran a finger lightly down her pussy, feeling her wetness. She opened her legs wider, moaning at the attention she was getting, the attention she was wanting, demanding. I rubbed her clit softly, then harder, in a circular motion. Her whole body was writhing beneath me, my hand on her pussy, my mouth on her breasts.

She cried out as her orgasm hit her. Her body froze momentarily, then her back arched, and she cried out again. I moved to kiss her hard on the mouth, our tongues intertwined. I slid a finger deep into her pussy, fucking her, feeling her hot wetness, taking her over the edge again.

She pulled me tight to her, laughing at the suddenness, the urgency, of her release. We rolled over, so that she was spread eagled on top of me. We kissed, and laughed some more. 

"Now it's your turn," she warned me, thrusting her tongue into my mouth again.

We kissed some more, before she slowly started to slide down my body. She kissed around my neck, and under by chin, and onto my chest – soft, delicate kisses that sent a tingle through me. She moved further down, all the time keeping her breasts and hard nipples firmly against me. She licked my nipples, then bit them hard, and then kissed and sucked them better as I cried out.

She moved down to my stomach, kissing me as she went. My cock slid between her breasts as she got lower. She dipped her head, and gently licked the tip of my cock. Her tongue poked at the eye, flicking away my pre-cum.

Alex slid lower still, taking the head of my cock, and then much of my length, into her warm mouth. She sucked on me, and licked me, and then teasingly started to slide back up my body. She rolled across and lay at my side, reaching for my cock. She held me in her hand, gently stroking me up and down. We kissed deeply, passionately. Her strokes became firmer, faster. My breathing became harsher, as I thrust against her hand movements. She moved, and knelt over me, her hands never stopping. With a cry I came, my cum shooting out in an arc, splattering on her breasts.

She squeezed my cock between her breasts, into the sexy valley between them made wet and slippery by my cum. She pumped me harder, ensuring that she took all I had to offer. Finally, she leaned over and sucked on me, drawing out the last drops of cum.

She lay back down beside me, my cum dribbling between her breasts. I leant over and licked her breasts, tasting my cum on them. I drew some cum onto my tongue, and then kissed her again, sharing the taste. She reached for my cock. I was still half hard. She seemed determined to improve on that. I reached for her – cupping her breasts in my hands, and then teasing her erect nipples.

I slid my hand back down her body, while taking her nipples into my mouth, sucking on them, licking them, biting them. I reached down and teased her clit, then slipped first one, and then two, fingers inside her. She pushed her hips up to meet my fingers, urging me to do it harder. I thrust my fingers into her, sucking on her nipple at the same time. Our movements became more urgent as yet another orgasm shot through her. She arched her body, and pulled me tight to her, her pussy squeezing on my fingers, her hand gripping my already hard cock.

As she sank back down to the bed with a luxurious sigh, I kissed her mouth and sucked on her lower lip, before moving down the bed, to kneel at the end between her outstretched legs. I looked at her, taking in her beautiful sexiness as she stretched out before me, her body glistening slightly, her breasts still slightly flushed from her most recent orgasm. She flashed a gorgeous smile at me. I knew I just wanted more and more of her.
