 Nick didn't remember when they fell asleep, but they had. His arms were around her, his chin against her wild curls, her bare body against his own, their legs intertwined. The room smelled like sex. He buried his lips and nose in her hair, and felt his cock waking up again. 

Kenni groaned as she stirred in his arms, sleepily opening her eyes. She tilted her face to him and smiled. He kissed her, arms tightening, pulling her closer. 

"Mmm" she moaned softly as she reached down and grabbed his hardening cock. His hands roamed her body, touching and caressing all the skin his body had rubbed against, filled into. His fingers felt around and in her smooth pussy, and she moaned quietly in his ear. She moved her hips as he started fingering her, slipping a finger into her. They started kissing passionately as they stroked each other. She suddenly threw a leg over him and straddled his hips. His hard rod poked her warm pussy insistently as they continued to deepen their kiss, his hands now groping her tight bottom, her breasts mashed up against his chest. 

They moved together as they kissed. She moved back as he pushed up, the mouth of her pussy catching the head of his cock, kissing it, getting wetter, letting a centimeter into her, pushing it back out, and trying to catch it again, like a game of cat and mouse. It was becoming unbearable, all he wanted was to sink into her heated kitty. He squeezed and cupped her ass, trying to stop it from moving as his cock touched the lips of her precious pussy, trying to get in, but she'd wiggle her waist from side to side, not letting him, and then letting him a little, just to push away again. 

She giggled and moaned in his ear, teasing him, tempting him. 

"Please" he hissed into her mouth.

"Not yet," she whispered between their sexy kisses. 

She started letting more of him sink in before she wiggled him out. He had never felt so horny in his life. 

He kept a hand on her round ass, squeezing as his swollen cock touched up her soaking wet, hot pussy lips, trying to push her down as it met her hole. His other hand grabbed on to a breast and traveled to her waist, caressing her flat stomach as their tongues danced together, their heated sexes teasing, painfully. 

This time, she let him push her down when the tip of his dick connected into her hole, but only half way before she wiggled from side to side, slowly and painfully sliding him off. He clasped her back, pulling her to him, and bit her neck. 

"You naughty, dirty girl," he growled as he held her butt still, trying to thrust against her. She laughed, turned on as he fought with her, trying to quell her naughty, playful pussy. She finally called truce. 

She moved down slowly, deliciously, sliding onto his pole, and sighed contentedly as he gasped with pleasure as they meshed together, completely. They had just had sex a few hours ago, but it was like being shocked into reminder of how fucking good it felt to penetrate her and to be filled by him. They stayed fully sheathed for a few seconds, savoring the buildup she had caused with her little game. 

"oh my god," he hissed as she started gently rocking on him. He propped himself on his elbows and licked her nipples, kissed her breasts. She was making round movements on his hardness and was sighing and whimpering, getting wetter. He was so aroused. He put a hand on her face and reached up to kiss her as he started humping up into her. 

Her arms went around his shoulders and he readjusted himself so that he was sitting up, and she was sitting on top of him, her lovely, buttery smooth legs around his back. They moved slowly and luxuriously together. He breathed into her neck as she pushed him closer to her chest. In this new position, everything felt much tighter, and closer, he was deep in her. Her breasts bobbed under his face, her nipples grazing his neck each time she pushed down and forward on him, as he pushed up into her, her legs like butterfly wings, opening and closing around him. 

He grabbed on to her back as she pushed his face into her soft, pert tits.

"Ohhhh" she moaned as he reached between them to rub her clit as the tight suction of her pussy gripped and massaged his cock. His hands held on her to her waist as they hugged tightly, they stopped moving, the heat between their legs, connected together, unbearable. He had never been so stiff and aroused in his life. She started gyrating on him, not letting him slide out. His face was pressed into her chest and he breathed hard, rubbing his face against her perky breasts, he took a nipple in his mouth as she ground onto him, moaning as he sucked on her. 

He couldn't take it anymore, he just couldn't keep still. He started thrusting as much as he could, groaning at the tightness, it was like he suddenly came alive. He growled and bit her neck, pushing up into her, using his own hands to push her up and down on him. She gasped at his sudden dominance and got even more turned on. She started helping him, moving against his thrusts hard and fast, her hands in his hair, as his hands reached down to cup her ass. 

He was grunting through his nose as he went deeper and deeper into her steaming pussy, she moaned with every movement, her breasts jiggling in his face. 

He tipped her backwards on the bed as he kept himself lodged into her, her legs immediately embracing his back, her arms going around his shoulders. He stayed elevated above her and pushed into her, fast. Their skin slapped against each other, her moans matching his thrusts. He pulled her legs over his shoulders, and groaned as he slipped deeper into her. 

It was too much for her, she moaned and came, squeezing all around his engorged penis. 

He slowly moved with her, reaching between the space of her legs, rubbing her clit. 

At last, he unloaded into her as he pushed into her for the final time. Her legs fell slack around him and he collapsed on her, gently. Their slick bodies against each other, they kissed as she moved against his softening cock, milking it for all that it had.