 For those of you who have been fans of the Studying with Kelly series thank you for your patience in awaiting its final conclusion. I hope the final chapter lives up to your expectations. As you are aware I am not a professional writer and by no means pretend to be so be warned I do not have time to perfect every story I write and try to offer you the best I can in the little amount of time I have.. Please take it for what it is, a recreation piece of writing for your enjoyment. If you are looking for something more professional please look elsewhere. Thank you for your support.



Ever since Stan had received his last assignment in history class his life had never been the same. He was somewhat athletic and played sports but was considered a history geek more than anything else. He could never really break into the cool crowd like most of the other athletes had so he retreated to the subject he loved the most, history. The class history geek never would have thought it would score him the sexiest girl in his class Kelly, but when they were assigned to have a partner for their last assignment and test that exactly what happened. 

On the very first day they met she showed him just what a slut she was and continued to tease him and reward him as they did well on each stage of the assignment. Finally during their last part of the project he had gotten a chance to fuck her... everywhere. What had started off as a simple reward had turned into a full blown fuck fest. After hours of fucking he finally made it home just to be met with a call from Kelly who told her there was one last reward for him to work for, all he needed was an A on their test.

The library had gotten quiet as Stan sat and studied his history book. He had a big test coming up and wanted to be prepared, this test meant everything and normally a good night in the library would have been just what he needed to be focused, tonight that was not the case.

In front of Stan sat the most gorgeous girl he had ever seen, Kelly. It was easy to see why everyone flocked to her as she sat there rubbing her pen across the plump curve of her bottom lip occasionally stopping to moisten her lip with her tongue. She wore a tight white button down shirt that had the first few buttons undone and seemed to accent her tan skin town. Her breast seemed to be even more pronounced than usual as they tried to squeeze their way out of her shirt. There was no way anyone in Stan' position could think of anything but her she was sex personified.

As Stan drank in Kelly's beauty he saw a smile form on the corner of her mouth. A moment later Stan felt something rubbing his ankle, slowly stroking its way further up his leg and back down working farther and farther up with each stroke. As Kelly's foot slowly worked its way up and down his leg in tenuous teasing motions Stan couldn't help but squirm. Each stroke led her closer and closer his crotch, tantalizing him as it approached his repressed desire. Stan knew he needed to study; he should have been stopping her so he could focus, but who was he kidding? 

This was Kelly the sex goddess he all but worshiped. He had wanted her from the first time he had seen her. The history buff never would have thought that he would ever get a chance to study with such a beauty let alone fuck her. Ever since they had completed the project that had been fucking like rabbits. In fact they had fucked in this very library several times and he knew exactly what this sex goddess had in mind as her toes seemed to work their way around his hard shaft. As she leaned a back in her chair to reach her target Stan imagined what her sexy tan legs looked like s they extended in all their beauty under the table. He just loved having them wrapped around his waist as he grabbed on to her luscious ass. There was absolutely no way he would be able to stop now.

In the back of his mind Stan knew what Kelly was really doing. Although he had met all of Kelly's expectations and finally aced the project they had been working on it ended with another arrangement that was more of a bet then an agreement. If Stan did well on their partner test Kelly promised to be his sex slave with absolutely no limits. She however put a catch that if he didn't do well enough the tables would be turned and she would make him a slave of her own, also with no limits. That may not have seemed like such a bad punishment from a sex siren like Kelly, but she had more than eluded to her intentions to take him just the same way he wanted to take her but with a big black strap on that would rip him in two. This was an all or anal bet as far as he was concerned and he knew she was pulling all the stops to keep him from studying; it was just too damn good to resist.

The absence of Kelly's foot on his now throbbing member brought Stan back to reality. He looked up to see Kelly standing up and leaning over the table giving him a view of her cleavage that he would have sold his soul for a month ago. She flipped her hair to the side before leaning in and whispering in his ear.

"Feels like someone wants to come out and play, doesn't he? I bet it wouldn't help if he knew I was wearing a sexy black g-string under this skirt... a crotchless one". She stopped log enough to watch Stan squirm and give his ear a slight lick before finishing. 

"That's right you could fuck me right in this tight little skirt in the school library, but where would your friend want to take your slut this time? Well where should we go stud, or don't you want me?" she gave him a sexy stare with a grin that just gloated at how much she knew she had him. 

As far as she was concerned his cock was already in her tight wet pussy, just where she wanted it. Stan might have been a little hesitant about their arrangement but Kelly could not believe her luck. This seduction had been her masterpiece. If Stan was successful she would get the best grade in history she had ever gotten. If he wasn't then she got her very on boy toy to take out all her nymphomaniac fantasies on. The very best part of the deal however was that she knew the more she got to fuck Stan the closer she was to winning their arrangement. The slut just loved knowing that and it turned her on more than anything else, Stan could have her anytime he wanted as far as she was concerned, if it was possible she was getting even sluttier than she had been before. 

As Kelly walked over to Stan's side of the table she could feel her own wetness. Stan slowly stood up trying to hide the raging hard on in his pants with a book.

"I think I'm up for some English Lit if you would like to lead the way my lady". Stan answered.

Kelly licked her lips before grabbing his hand and leading the way. They had learned in their past library exploits that the least frequently visited section of the school library had been English Literature. Mostly because any books the students had to read were provided in class and there was any additional reading students were looking for outside of class. She also knew it was a good gauge of how turned on he was, if he wanted to go somewhere that secluded Stan was going to fuck her with little persuasion and fuck her they way she loved it nice and hard.

It didn't take then long to get to the back corner of the library and make their way to their destination in the back aisle. The large steel racks were nice and thick steel and felt like they would take a backhoe to move them. As they made their way to the back Kelly turned toward Stan and grabbed him by the collar as she pulled him in for a rough kiss then pushed him into the back rack of books hard.

"Oh yeah baby you know how much I love it here... I don't have to be as quiet... and you never make me want to be quiet!"

"Oh I know... you can't contain yourself... not even in a school library."

"Well how can a girl resist a guy like you knowing what you're packing? Sometimes a girl just needs to be fucked and it doesn't matter where she is."

"Oh and do you? Do you need to be fucked?"

"You tell me." Kelly grabbed Stan's hand and moved it under her skirt right to her wet pussy. As Stan felt under her short plaid skirt his fingers were met with unrestricted access to her wetness. The school girl slut moaned as he rubbed her pussy starting to work her just the way she liked. Kelly had to grab on to Stan and hold herself up as he started to work his fingers in an out.

"You know Kelly, this has to stop."

"No... Please... don't stop... I neeeed it..."

"Oh I know you need it, you need to be fucked don't you?"

"Yes..." she moaned.

"And I'm going to fuck your nice tight pussy, but you need to do something for me."

"Oh I'll let you cum wherever you want baby"

"No, not that..."

"Then... uhh ...what?" Kelly was starting to lose her breath and her focus as Stan fingered her faster and faster as they talked driving her to the edge and keeping her there. He knew he would need to be in control to pull this off and with Kelly it was very hard to be in control.

"The test is tomorrow, I need to study, we both do. If I fuck you now I want you to go home have some dinner and study and let me stay here... uninterrupted for the rest of the night... you've distracted me enough with your fine ass!"

"But what if I want to fuck you again... you love it when I fuck you!"

"I do, but I'm going to love it even more when your my little sex toy." At that he abruptly pulled his fingers from her pussy leaving her on edge of satisfaction.

"No..." she gasped.

"So... are you going to be a good girl tonight so I can fuck you?"

"Oh... I love it when my little history nerd talks dirty, fine have it your way just fuck me already!"As she said it Stan licked his fingers tasting the sweetness of Kelly yet again. 

He had never really stood up to Kelly like this and it was driving him wild telling her what to do. He couldn't even imagine having her as his. Stan grabbed Kelly's hand and brought it down to his zipper as he helped her unzip him and guided her hand into his pants.

Kelly smiled when she reached in Stan's pants and felt nothing but his now rock hard cock. The nerdy history kid she had started with was now going commando for easy access. A shiver went up her back as she grabbed his cock and pulled it out. Kelly absent mindedly started to jerk him off a few times before she felt Stan grab her ass and lift her up and on to his hard cock.

The wetness from her slutty pussy helped his hard member slide in with ease as she engulfed his hard cock. The school nympho let out a high pitched moan as she felt him enter her once again. This was always her favorite part, he was a great fuck but that first feeling of gratification as he entered her and filled her up with his large cock could not beat. She could not believe how full she felt as she grabbed the bookshelf behind him and used it to leverage herself as she locked her legs behind him and started to move up and down on his cock. Stan grabbed on to her firm tight ass as he met her hips with each stroke. Her pussy wrapped around his cock like a vise as he thrust in and out of her, the sensation was overwhelming, Kelly's short little plaid skirt flapped up and down as it concealed the hard cock thrusting in and out of her pussy with each stroke. They were hidden in the back aisles of the library but anyone could walk up on them and see the school slut with her legs wrapped around her history partner. The risk turned them both on that much more causing Kelly to fuck him harder and harder. 

Kelly was already worked up from the teasing Stan had given her and she was already riding the edge of orgasm, the kinkiness of their act just drove her even wilder and before she knew it she was biting into Stan's shoulder to keep herself from crying out in orgasm. His should her muffled her scream as she lifted her head up and wrapped her hands around the back of Stan's neck pulling him in for a deep lustful kiss. The ball at the end of her tongue ring slid up and down Stan's tongue as she kissed him the familiar metal taste filling his mouth. She slightly bit then sucked on his bottom lip as she finished the kiss all the while Stan's hard cock was still inside of her. 

Her high heels touched the ground as she unwrapped her tan toned legs from around her lover's waist and turned her back to him. She faced the opposite side of the aisle and lifted up the back of her skirt showing the black g-string sitting in between the two sexy globes of her completely fuckable ass as she grabbed onto the shelf and gave him a lustful look from over her shoulder.

Stan walked over to her and could not resist giving that firm ass of hers another squeeze before sliding his throbbing member back into her slutty little pussy. He grabbed Kelly's hips from under her skirt as he pulled her to him. The motion exposed her ass in her slutty thong to the cool air as he fucked her. The slut knew that there was no hiding the fact she was fucking him now as it was clear to any passerby that he was taking her with each thrust. She could feel him getting closer and closer to the brink as he throbbed inside her and his motions got faster and harder. 

"Do it baby cum in my slutty pussy, I want to feel it inside of me! Give it to me baby!" 

The temptress loved to talk dirty to him bringing him closer and closer. Just as she thought he was ready to let go she felt him slide a finger into her pussy between thrusts as she looked back a little confused. She thought maybe he was going to try and cum on her ass just when she felt him fill her up again. He rocked into her a few more times before she felt his well lubricated finger slide up her forbidden passage just as he shot his load inside of her. The feeling was so amazing that it sent her over the edge again. 

Unable to muffle her scream this time she let out a load moan that anyone within an earshot could hear.

"Oh Jesus Stan...what was that?"

"Just a taste of what I'm going to give you when I ace this test". He grinned from ear to ear as he said it.

Stan never would have dared such a thing before their project together but Kelly's continual sexual exploits with him was boosting his confidence daily.

"Really...? You sneaky little boy, I'm supposed to be the naughty one remember? I must say though that did feel nice, maybe it won't be such a bad thing if you get your way". As she finished Kelly straightened up her clothes and smoothed out her short skirt with her hands.

"Now we have to get moving, I'm pretty sure the whole library heard me after your little exploit!" She leaned up and gave him a quick kiss on his lips "and thank you for that by the way, see you tomorrow you have some studying to do!"

Stan saw her skirt twirl as she left in a whirlwind. He quickly adjusted himself as he watched the most beautiful girl he knew walk away. That last kiss had sent a shock through him, it wasn't her typical passion filled kiss that he was used to, and the simplicity of it left tremors going through him. In a daze he made his way back to his books and packed them up so he could go home to finish studying, Just the thought of what he had done in this library was enough to break his focus he was sure he could get more done in his room at home, and maybe this tingling feeling that seemed to permeate through his body after that kiss would have worn off by then. He knew it couldn't mean what he initially thought it did, what he wanted it to, but it still left him buzzing.

As Stan made his way into the classroom and to his desk he hoped that all of the studying he had done the night before paid off. The history buff needed to score an A on this test to earn his reward from Kelly. Worse yet she was going to do unmentionable things to him if he didn't, which had been more than enough to get him focused after their amazing session together in the library. 

His backpack fell to the ground with a clunk as he made his way to his seat. Kelly was sitting next to him in her desk, unusually more punctual then she had been. Today found her without here traditional skirt or other revealing clothing, Instead she wore a pair of black yoga pants, most likely from Victoria Secret the way the clung to her and a tight athletic zip up top that seemed to match. She smiled over at him as he was taking in her beauty. Even without her typical sexy attire she managed to command the presence of the room. Her smile just seemed to light him up and calm the nerves he had been trying to get over all morning.

Kelly leaned over to his desk and put her hand on top of his giving a slight squeeze.

"Don't worry Stan, you're going to do great, no one knows this stuff as well as you. All that other stuff with distracting you was just good fun, I know you're going to kill this test. Besides I was even good today and I'm not showing as much skin... well that and it's freezing outside, but I should still get points!"

He couldn't believe it she was even cuter and quirkier than normal on a morning he expected her to all but sabotage their test. She was right about it being cool however the winter weather was really starting to kick in and bringing the chill with it. Fall had pretty much taken over and before they knew it exams would be over and the holiday break would be upon them. Stan was brought back to the present when the exam he had been anticipating the most was placed in front of him. They were directed to join their partners and start the exam shortly after. Just before they dove into an obstacle both of them were hoping Stan could overcome he reached over and placed his hand on hers and gave it a slight squeeze.

"Thanks, it means a lot to know you believe in me."

Those words seemed to melt any intention Kelly had left of sabotaging him during the exam. Kelly had always been extremely competitive with everything, sports, boys, you name it she had to be and have the best. It was always her primary focus, it was what led her to partnering with the smartest kid in class, but now all she could think about is how she couldn't stand to see him fail. Nothing had ever kept her from wanting to win just for the sake of winning before. It was odd she would let that get in the way; she brushed it off with a sigh and decided to knuckle down and help Stan as much as she could.

"Stan lets kick this tests ass!"



The curvy brunette scooted her desk next to her classmate so that she could get a good view. For the next hour the two students confronted one question after another. Stan's nervousness seemed to waver as he felt the girl of his dreams lean against his shoulder to get a better look at the next question. The test hadn't gone as he had expected, he didn't not sit there and fly through each question like he always had. The answers didn't just come to him after hours of intense studying as they always had before. Stan had fully expected to carry both of them with his intense knowledge of the subject matter as the two of them had planned from the beginning. That however didn't happen.

Kelly seemed to take charge of the test hesitantly asking her partner to confirm her answers each time afraid of disappointment. As Kelly started to fire one answer after another through the test something became clear, she hadn't simply been his fuck toy while he carried her through the history class. All the time they had spent together had rubbed off on her and she seemed to have absorbed material neither one of them expected her to know. Stan smiled with approval as her confidence started to grow confirming on answer after another and occasionally helping her reason through the more difficult ones.

"Oh no not the essay questions I always mess these up! I never know what they want from these it seems like I only ever get half the answer or just say something stupid or something!" Kelly' said as her confidence started to waiver one last time.
