 The couple sitting in the far back of the restaurant sat close together. To the passerby they looked as if they were having an intimate dinner for two. They were sitting there with their heads close and talking in hushed voices.

Diane and Jarred sat at the table in the back of the restaurant quietly discussing the merger of their two companies. They had chosen to go over the final details over dinner instead of in one or the other's office. They had been staying late all week long and it was Friday and they were still looking at going in and preparing for the upcoming merger that weekend as well. As they waited for their meal, they worked.

"Well, I don't see how we can possibly keep all the staff of both companies." Jarred said in hushed tones. "I don't see how it is possible either...I do think that for the first few months it may be necessary, we will all have alot of changes and problems to iron out. Then after that I think that we will find the areas that we need to create positions and the areas that we need to delete positions. At that point we will need to decide what percentage of staff we are going to need to lay off." Diane responded. Jarred just nodded slowly as he mulled this over in his mind. After a few moments he picked up his scotch and took a sip and then looked at Diane as he swirled his drink in the glass. Then as he spoke he let his eyes roam over her and take in everything about her. "I do believe that you are right there...and If we deal the cards right...there wont be very many staff that we will have to let go." he said.

He sat there looking at Diane as if seeing her for the very first time and he had worked with and known her for almost 9 years. She really was a very pretty woman. His mind should have stayed on the business at hand, but he found his mind wandering.

Her hair was a dark brown with auburn highlights, she was wearing it up, her eyes were a very bright green, her complexion fair. She had full pouty lips and her eyes amazed him. They were so expressive. He found himself wondering what her eyes would look like in the throes of passion and what her hair would look like if it were down. Then he realized that he had never seen her with her hair down. She was always so business oriented and professional.

Jarred felt a twinge of desire as he sat there imagining what she would be like when she was aroused. He took another sip of his scotch and willed himself back to the business at hand.

Diane sat there lost in thought about the merger. She was analyzing, planning and mulling over the details that they had decided on already. She had seen this merger coming for awhile now. She knew that this was the best plan of action both companies involved in could have chosen. She smiled to herself as she recalled how Jarred had balked at the thought of being a co-owner. He had fought this merger for almost a year. Now that he had finally weighed the pros and the cons of this he was very anxious to see the merger completed.

The waitress approached the table with their meal. She smiled as she sat it down on front of them. She asked them if they needed anything, Jarred ordered another scotch and Diane ordered a rum and coke.

As they started eating, they were silent, each lost in their own thoughts. Jarred was thinking how sexy Diane looked as she ate. He never realized that someone eating a steak could be so erotic. As he watched her he felt his cock hardening. Diane was thinking about how her last date had been a nightmare. She had never had any luck on the men that she chose to date. She then found herself wondering what Jarred would be like on a date.

Diane, gently sitting down her silverware, took her napkin and dabbed at her mouth. As she down her napkin she looked over at Jarred. "Excuse me a moment, I will be back in a moment." she said.

Jarred noticed that she a small drop of steak sauce on the corner of her mouth. He wondered if he should tell her. Then he thought, no, he would just reach over and wipe it off. That way he could discover what her skin felt like. He slowly reached up and cupped her cheek in his palm. He was amazed at how soft her skin was. He then let his thumb move down her cheek and to the corner of her mouth, where he wiped away the steak sauce. He let his thumb linger against her lip for a moment and then he smiled as he took his hand away. "You had something on your lip." he stated "Oh, well thanks for getting that for me." she breathlessly replied. Diane smiled at him as she got up from the table and turned and headed towards the restrooms.

Jarred sat there mesmerized by the seductive sway of her hips as she walked out of sight, his cock fully erect at this point. He shifted in his seat and attempted to adjust himself to relieve the straining confines of his slacks.

While Diane was gone that waitress brought their drinks. Jarred downed he first scotch and started on the second one as he waited for Diane to return. Soon she returned and they finished their meal. When they were walking to their cars.... they were still talking about the merger and they both hit upon the same idea at the same time. They looked at each other. "I don't have anyone waiting at home for me and I would like the details worked out before Monday...so I think I will go to my office." Diane said. Jarred stood there for a moment thinking. "You know I don't either. Why don't we just hop into one car, go to your office and work on it together?" he said. "Sure, I would be glad to have the help. Plus I won’t fall asleep while I am working." Diane replied as she laughed quietly

The both got into Jarred's car and drove to Diane's office. Jarred stood behind Diane as she unlocked her office door. Then she turned on the light and Jarred followed her inside.

She sat her purse and her keys down on the stand beside the door. Then she turned and asked Jarred if he would shut the door. Jarred closed the door and walked over to Diane's desk and sat in a chair in front of it. Diane slipped off her heels and then walked over to her desk in stocking feet and sat in her chair behind the desk.

Jarred and Diane sat there for several hours discussing the details of their idea. 

Diane laid her pen down on the desk, rose from her chair, stretched and then walked over to her the window in her office and looked out. She loved looking over the city at night. There was a beauty in it. Jarred rose as she looked out the window. He undid his tie and he walked up and stood behind Diane, silently, his hands aching to touch her. He felt his cock growing hard again.

Jarred took a deep breath and her sensual smell enveloped his senses. He felt his cock swell and become rock hard. He hadn't been this aroused in a long time. He placed his hands gently on Diane's shoulders and began to massage her tense muscles. Her skin so velvety against the manly roughness of his hands. He took a deep breath and slowly released it as he moved closer to her until their bodies were almost touching.

Diane gasped almost inaudibly when she felt Jarred's hands touch her. She had not realized that he had came up behind her. As he massaged her shoulders and neck she slowly closed her eyes and moaned slightly. His fingers working magic on her tense muscles. His hands were wreaking havoc on her senses. She could feel a pleasantly irritating ache settle deep in her abdomen. As he continued to massage she felt her nipples harden against the silky material of her bra.

Jarred could feel her relaxing beneath his ministrations. He wanted to feel her body against his. He slowly pulled her back against him and leaned next to her ear. His breath tickled her skin as he softly spoke. "You work entirely too hard Diane. You should start making time for yourself and your needs. I am a workaholic and even I don't work as much as you do."

Diane leaned back against him and listened to him. She didn't want to think about her work habits...they were hers and she had her reasons for being the way that she was. As she leaned back she was surprised when she felt Jarred's cock, hard, against her ass. Instantly as she felt this...she could feel her pussy lips swell and heaviness settle down between her thighs. Diane wanted to explore this other side of Jarred and yet she was afraid that it might change their working relationship.

Jarred couldn't help himself as he felt Diane's ass against him. He groaned softly in her ear and pressed his hips a little harder against her. He closed his eyes as he gently kissed the soft lobe of her ear. He slid his arms slowly over her shoulders and down her arms , his hands slipping into hers and intertwining his fingers with hers. Squeezing her hands gently as he touched his lips to her neck. His tongue tasting her delectable skin. Jarred moaned at the faint taste of salt from her skin. He could feel her heartbeat against his lips.

Kissing his way down Diane's neck; he released her hands and placed them on her hips. Jarred gently bit her shoulder as he pulled her ass back and pressing hard against his hard cock. Moaning against her skin, he slid his hands up her sides and then up beneath her breasts, cupping them in his hands. Slowly his fingers circled hard nipples through her shirt. His hands squeezing slightly. "MMMmm....Diane, you know that I have to have you, don't you?" Jarred asked His hands slid over to the center of her blouse and found the buttons. He deftly began to release each one. He continued kissing and sucking on her neck and shoulders as he made quick work of her blouse. Jarred ground his hips hard against her sweet supple ass as he slid her blouse off over her shoulders. Diane's blouse whispered to the floor. She shivered as she leaned back against Jarred. She stood there against him, breathless. She felt his thumbs running over her hard nipples through the material of her bra. 

Diane's breasts were full and heavy in his hands as he felt her nipples, hard as pebbles, through her bra. He slid his hands down over her stomach. He could feel her muscles quivering and rippling at his touch. He slid his hands over her sides, his hands slightly rough against her skin. She was so soft to his touch. He pressed his swollen contained cock harder against Diane's ass.

Jarred ran his hands down over her hips and he could feel the lines of her panties underneath the material of her skirt. Slowly he starts inching her skirt up as he watched her thighs slowly being exposed in their reflection in the window. He bit her neck, groaning as he looked at her there with her skirt bunched up around her waist, her pussy covered by a tiny triangle of material. He slipped his thumbs into the waistband of her panties. Diane shifted her hips slightly as he slid her panties down over her hips. She gasped as she felt the wet crotch of her panties sliding down the inside of her thighs. She shivered as they fell to the floor.

Diane could feel her pussy throbbing. Her juices flowed from within her and wetting her thighs. As she shifted slightly she could feel her swollen outer pussy lips rub against her hard clit. She moaned as she felt Jarred's hand slide across her hip and over her lower abdomen. Her stomach muscles quivered. His hand slid over her smooth shaved pubic bone. Diane thrust her hips forward trying to press closer to his hand. All of her senses were afire.

Jarred barely touched her wet pussy lips as his finger slid down the length of her slit then slipping the tip of his finger inside. His finger was buried to the first knuckle as he slid his finger over her tiny opening coming to rest on her clit. He could feel it so hard and pulsing beneath his touch. He slowly circled his finger over it. Diane gasped as her hips slowly starting thrusting as his finger circled her clit. When she moaned Jarred felt the head of his cock swell and pulse as some precum formed over the slit.

She could not help herself, her mouth was watering to be filled with Jarred's hard cock. Diane moved away from him and turned to face him. She looked up into his eyes as her hands undid his belt and the button of his pant. The sound of his zipper almost loud as she unzipped it. She grabbed his hand and she smiled, her gaze never leaving his as she brought it to her lips. Jarred groaned, his cock jerking as she slid his wet finger into her mouth. She had always loved the taste of herself. Diane sucked on his finger as her tongue circled around it. Her taste like honey to her senses.

Jarred groaned as she slipped his finger out of her mouth. His hand fell to his side. Diane slowly undid each button on his shirt, sliding the edges of the shirt apart and slipping it over his shoulders. His shirt slid down catching at his elbows. Diane raked her nails over his shoulders and down his chest, each hand found his hardened nipples. She flicked her nails back and forth over his nipples. Jarred moaned as more precum formed on the head of his cock. She grazed her nails down over his abdomen. Slipping her hands inside the waist of his pants. She licked her lips, leaned in towards Jarred, her moist lips sucking each nipple into her mouth as she slid his pants down and let them fall in a pile at his feet. Her tongue flicked over each nipple as she slid his briefs off. They joined his pants on the floor.

Jarred almost growled as his huge engorged cock sprang free. His eyes shifted back to the reflection in the window. He watched her ass moving as she kissed and nibbled down his abdomen till she was kneeling before him. She suckled at the soft taut skin over each one of his hips. She slid her hands around and her nails raked over his ass cheeks, then back over his hips and down the outside of his thighs as she kissed and bit gently down the inside of one thigh and up the inside of the other. Jarred looked down at her, his hips straining forward. His cock jerked and bumped lightly against her cheek. She cupped his balls in one hand as her mouth kissed the sensitive skin at the side of his groin. She felt his balls tighten as her teeth grazed where she had just kissed. She nibbled over his pubic bone and her mouth found the other side of his groin and kissed and bit, again his balls tightened in her hand as she caressed them.

Diane looked up at him from where she was kneeled. Her lashes hiding part of her eyes. Jarred moaned and smiled as he watched her tease him with her mouth and hands.

She purred and smiled up at him, her tongue slid out between her lips and she flicked the tip over his balls, circling as she moved from side to side. Jarred gasped and let his head fall back and his hand came to rest on her head, slowly stroking her hair. Diane pressed her tongue flat against Jarred's balls and lathed it around and around, she moaned as she gently sucked his sac into her mouth. His heavy cum filled sac filled her warm sweet mouth. She moaned as she sucked and her tongue swirled around, the vibrations of the moan rippled through Jarred's groin. She slid her hand around his thick shaft. Her small hand closing around him. Slowly she began stroking him; his hips slowly began to thrust against her hand. Then she purred as she sucked on his balls as she pulled her head back, moaning as his balls slipped out of her sweet succulent mouth. Jarred's body trembled above her. He rested one hand on his hip as the other slid along her cheek as she smiled up at him.

Diane's pussy was dripping wet, her thighs were slick with her sweet juices as she knelt before him. She could feel her wetness trickling out of her tight hole.

Diane slid her tongue from between her lips. She sighed as the tip of her tongue swirled in tiny circle upwards along the swollen vein on the underside of Jarred's cock, then along the swollen head, stopping when she reached his small slit. She moaned as she tasted the sweetness from a large drop of precum from his cock. She gathered it on the tip of her tongue, he groaned as he watched her, tangling his hand in her hair. She pulled away slowly, he hissed as he saw his precum stringing from her tongue to his cock. She slid her tongue into her mouth. Diane moaned as she felt a tiny spasm in her clit as she tasted him. Softly she smiled and spoke, her voice breathless.

"MMMMMMmmmmmmmm, Jarred, you taste so good. I am going to suck your cock so good for you baby."

Jarred groaned a reply.

"God Diane; I am going to fuck that sweet mouth of yours so hard."

Jarred's cock was jerking in her hand as she stroked him. She watched almost in fascination as precum began oozing from his cock. She cupped his balls, caressing and squeezing gently as her tongue circled around his huge head, stroking his shaft harder. He gasped as her slightly rough tongue lathed over the head of his cock. She flicked the tip of her tongue hard and fast over the ridge of his cock head. With one swift motion she sucked just the head into her mouth her teeth grazing over it, her tongue swirling fast over it. His hips thrust hard towards her as he tried to bury his cock deeper into her warm wet mouth.

She moaned around his cock as she took his cock deeper and deeper into her mouth. Diane felt the head of his cock touch her tonsils. She gagged slightly and attempted to relax her throat so she could take him even farther into her throat.

Jarred strained forward, moaning as his hand tightened in her hair. She had him so aroused he wanted to just fuck her mouth hard and fast. He felt his body begin to perspire. All of the muscles in his body were tensed and quivering as he fought to control himself. Her mouth so warm around him sucked and licked him. He felt her soft tonsils against the head of his cock. He felt her gag slightly and then he almost cried out as her throat relaxed and his cock slid in farther into her mouth, stopping when he was pressed against the back of her throat. He growled as his other hand also tangled into her hair, he held her head tight and unmoving. Jarred moaned as he started pumping his rock hard cock in and out of her heavenly mouth. Long slow steady strokes, the head of his cock pressing hard against the back of her throat with each thrust.

He could hear her moaning as her tongue danced and swirled over his huge member as he fucked her mouth. Her hands cupped and squeezed his balls. He looked down at her; her lips were stretched tight over his cock as he slid in and out of her mouth. The sight of his cock fucking her mouth was stronger than his control, he threw his head back and thrust his hips harder and faster, his cock ramming hard and deep into her mouth, his balls were so heavy and swollen, he fought to keep from cumming in her mouth each time he heard her whimper and moan as his cock slammed against the back of her throat over and over again. His mind raced as each thrust brought him closer to spewing his hot cum deep in her throat. His cock started jerking and pulsing. Oh god, he had to stop or he would lose it and he wanted to still fuck that sweet shaved cunt of hers. He moaned and panted as he released her head and jerked his cock out of her mouth, panting as he squeezed his shaft hard fighting to stop his orgasm.

When his need to cum passed he took her by the arms and stood her up. He kissed her deeply and hungrily. Sliding his arm around her, he pressed close to her, as he slowly maneuvered their bodies over to the desk. With his free arm he blindly raked papers and files aside, some falling onto the floor, papers scattering everywhere. Neither one of them heard the picture and desk lamp hit the floor. Diane was so crazed with desire she kissed him savagely, sucking wildly on his tongue, her hands moving almost frantically over his back and ass. Her nails raking hard against his flesh. He grabbed her ass and squeezed hard, his fingers digging into her skin. Lifting her, her breasts pressed against his bare chest, he sat her on the edge of the desk. She gasped as the cool wood surface touched her heated flesh. Jarred broke their kiss and he pushed her back onto the desk. They both were panting and moaning as their desire took over.
