 I slowly fell to my knees before him. It seemed natural, needed and the absolute right thing to do. I had only met him an hour before and I was already intoxicated by his power. We had met via an app, that I had downloaded on my phone. The app asked what seemed like a hundred questions, then matched you to what they said was your perfect date. Many of the questions were about wants, likes and desires. Some were sexual in nature. I answered them honestly and was immediately matched with Paul. Within seconds of being matched, I received a text message saying that he wanted to have drinks with me at a very nice local restaurant. It all seemed very strange to get a text from a man I didn't know and to accept a date without even talking first. However, his prompt response and a sense of the excitement of the unknown and lead my fingers to respond with a yes.

I eagerly got ready for my blind date. I wanted to put my best foot forward. It had been some time since I had been on a real date and the thought of being with a man excited me. I put on one of my form fitting black skirts and picked out a tight white top. I am only 5 foot 2 and 110 pounds with B cup breasts. I needed to accentuate every curve I had and this was the best I had to offer. My skirt showed off my tight bubble butt nicely, while my top showed off my tiny perky tits. I finished the outfit with a pair of 5-inch black platform heels. These made my legs look longer than they are and kept all of my leg muscles tight. 

I left my apartment and made my way to the restaurant. All the while, my mind raced, wondering who this man was and what he would look like. I was actually pretty excited to meet him. I texted him that I would be there in about two minutes and he immediately texted back. He said that when I arrived, to ask the hostess for Paul. She would get me to him. I agreed and arrived shortly afterwards. 

The restaurant Paul chose was very fancy and very expensive. I entered and immediately felt like I had dressed a bit to sexy. I approached the hostess and told her I was here to see Paul. She looked me up and down and smiled broadly. She told me to follow her and we walked our way through the restaurant. It was full of businessmen and very well-dressed women. It was also dimly lit, with candles flickering on every table. This was very different than where I had had most dates. Soon, we found ourselves in the very back corner of the restaurant. The hostess pointed around the corner and told me that Paul was waiting for me. I made my way around the corner, wondering what awaited me.

As I entered the room, Paul stood to greet me. My god, he was so very tall and extremely handsome. He reached his hand out and told me to come closer. Without even thinking, I reached out my hand and placed it into his. He pulled me against his body and gave me a big hug and welcomed me. No one had ever been that forward with me before, but I kind of liked it. He asked me to take a seat and snapped his fingers. A waiter approached and he asked me what I wanted to drink. My mind was going a hundred miles an hour and couldn't even come up with a choice. He looked at the waiter and told him to bring two of his usual's. The waiter sprinted off and immediately returned with two drinks. I asked what it was and Paul told me to just try it. I took a small sip. It was amazing. Smooth, sweet and didn't seem strong at all. 

Paul then asked me a few questions about myself. I eagerly answered his questions and waited for the next. Paul seemed thoughtful and very interested in me. I was also very interested in him. He was gorgeous, tall and very fit. He had piercing deep blue eyes that seemed to look into your soul. It didn't take long before another round of drinks appeared. Mine seemed to vaporize and a third arrived within minutes. By this point, Paul had gotten me to talk about a lot of things that I had never even told my friends. He seemed so willing to listen. He wanted to know about me. Not like many dates I had been on where the man rambled on about themselves for hours. I was beginning to find myself strangely attracted to this mysterious man. Then it hit me.

Whoops, I thought. I am drunk out of my mind. Those three sweet drinks packed a hell of a punch. Paul saw it in my eyes. He asked if I was ok and I told him that I was fine, but a little tipsy. He let out a deep laugh and asked if I wanted anything. I responded by saying, "just you, that's all I want". Fuck! Did I just say that? Alcohol has always shut off my filter, but this comment was totally out of character for me. Paul seemed unflappable and coolly reached across the table to me and grabbed my hand. He smiled slyly and told me that he could help me. Paul stood up and took me by the hand and told me to come with him. As I stood up, my head began to spin a bit and I fell into his arms. He placed his strong arm around my waist and walked me down a long hallway. At the end, was a door and a man in a black suit.

Paul motioned to him to unlock the door and then told him that he didn't want to be bothered. The suited man replied with a "yes sir". The door opened to reveal a long staircase going up. Paul looked down at me and told me that he was going to help me up the stairs. Within a second, he had lifted me up on his shoulder and was carrying me upstairs. I let out a gasp and then a silly giggle. Once upstairs he laid me down on a gorgeous leather couch. Paul turned on a few lights, just enough to reveal our surroundings. Paul slipped into the other room for a moment. While I waited for him, I looked around. Holy shit, this place was off the charts beautiful. It was nicer than any place I had ever been too. 

Bottles of wine covered the walls. Between each rack hung very old paintings, antique guns and stuffed animal heads of all type. Paul came back into the room and walked over to the couch. He came close to me. Paul towered over me as I sat there. I felt so very small. Then, without speaking, Paul took my hand and lifted me up off the couch and pulled me close to him. He looked down at me and lowered his lips to mine and kissed me in a way that I had never been kissed before. It felt like electricity was coursing through my body. His lips were firm and full and his tongue danced sexily across mine. His strong hands held my ass up and kept me from collapsing. Our kiss seemed to last forever. My knees were shaking. Paul's hands slowly released their grip from my ass as our kiss ended. My body slid down his chest, then down his legs, till I was on my knees in front of him. 

I wanted a man like this, I wanted a strong man, I wanted someone to take me. As I tried to get my bearings his hands gently gripped my head and tilted my face upwards. As I looked up, my eyes locked onto his piercing blue eyes. He stared at me. I could sense the power in his stare. He moved his eyes slightly towards his pants then back towards me. Without thinking, I reached up and slowly unzipped his very expensive suit pants. I unbuckled his belt, then unbuttoned his pants. They quickly fell to his ankles. I lowered his underwear and revealed a sight of true amazement. Before me hung Paul's beautiful penis. It hung low and long. It was thick and had a large vein running down the center. He was cut and his cock head was large and firm. I looked back up at Paul. He smiled a bit then looked back at his cock as if to direct me back to my duty.

Without thinking, I reached up and took his thick member into my right hand. I placed the tip of his cock on my lips and kissed it gently. His cock twitched in appreciation. I then began to kiss it passionately. I took it in my mouth and began to dart my tongue around it. His cock immediately responded by growing and thickening. It didn't take long before he was as hard as a rock. I greedily sucked his cock. As I took it deep into my mouth, my nose came close to his completely shaved body. Paul smelled good, a sexy mix of cologne and manliness. I reached down and placed his large balls in my left hand and began to caress them. His testicles felt like two golf balls inside a silky bag. I had never felt a pair so large. 

As I sucked on him wildly, I looked up at him. Paul's eyes had never stopped looking at me. As our eyes met again a shiver went through my body. He oozed power, manliness and superiority. I had only known him an hour but I wanted to submit to that power. I wanted to please him. I wanted to give him the ultimate pleasure. I wanted his seed pumping down my throat. It was then that Paul reached down and grabbed my long brunette hair in his right hand as if to make a ponytail. He adjusted his grip and bit then looked deeply into my eyes and shoved his cock deep down my throat. My eyes got very wide and I gagged a bit. Paul never broke his piercing gaze and pulled my head back by its hair handle, then thrusted it back down my throat. 

All of a sudden, I was not longer in control. Paul was now taking control of his pleasure, I was becoming nothing more than a sex toy, a human Fleshlight. My body reacted quickly. My nipples became hard as a rock and very sensitive. I could feel my panties becoming damp, then very wet. I could feel my heart racing and I began to tremble slightly. Then to my amazement, my body just relaxed. My throat accepted his massive weapon deeper with each thrust. My pussy began to drip wildly. My body wanted this as much as my brain did. I wanted Paul to cum, I wanted to get him off. I wanted to be used by him.

Paul's thrusts became harder and faster. He was obviously enjoying my mouth as much as I was enjoying his cock. I reached up with my left hand and cupped his balls. They were tight and drawn close to his body. I knew he was close. I took the index finger of my right hand and place it between his balls and his asshole and gently massaged it. For the first time, Paul said something. A soft, "fuck yes" wafted down from above me. I looked up again to see him gritting his teeth as he forcefully slammed his cock down my throat. He was very close.

Then all the signs began to signal he was about to cum. His balls retracted further and were as hard as stone. I pressed my finger down harder between his balls and ass. Then I felt it. His prostate pulsed hard, twice against my finger though his skin. I knew I was getting a two second warning. His body stiffened and shook a little. Then his balls began to pulse in unison with his screaming prostate. He grabbed my hair tightly, then shoved his throbbing cock deep into my mouth. Soon, a river of warm cum began to fill my waiting mouth. Paul let out a primordial groan as shot after shot of warm seed filled my hungry hole. 

The taste of his manly gift created a reaction that my body had never experienced before. My clit was as hard as a rock and more sensitive than I had ever felt it before. It begged for attention. I squeezed my thighs together and squirmed a bit, hoping that my mound would put pressure on my clit and give it some relief. Instead, the pressure produced what seemed like an electric shock. An intense tingling overwhelmed my clit. I felt my asshole tighten and I began to shiver. Then without notice, I had the first orgasm I had ever had without stimulation. It was so very erotic and sexually overwhelming. My mouth was being used and filled by a handsome demi-god as my sexual organs were releasing their juices without my assistance. 

After what seemed like a full two minutes, Paul's body began to relax. His cock slowly pulsed in my mouth as the stream of cum began to subside. I swallowed as much as I could but some oozed from the edges of my mouth and dripped onto my skirt. My orgasm was so intense, I felt spent and totally wasted. Paul released his grip on my hair and I collapsed to the floor of his lair. Paul breathed deeply, over and over until he caught his breath. He looked down at me, in my post orgasmic pile. I felt like Jello, a puddle of goo at his feet. Paul reached down and pulled his pants and underwear back up and got himself together. He then bent over and picked my totally spent body off the floor. Once again, I was being carried in his strong arms, this time to his bedroom.

Paul laid me on the bed and undressed me quickly. He threw back the covers and laid me down in the bed, then placed the soft sheets over me. A thick blanket followed. He bent down and kissed my forehead and told me to relax, he had some business to attend to. Like a ghost, he then disappeared into the darkness of the room. I laid there, on my back, looking up to the ceiling. His taste was still strong on my lips, my body was still producing huge volumes of moisture and my nipples still stood at full attention. What had just happened? I had just dropped to my knees and sucked off a man I had known for only an hour and thoroughly enjoyed it and wanted it to happen. I was now laying in his bed, spent but still horny as a teenager. I wanted more. I wanted to submit to Paul again. I wanted to please him more than I could imagine. 

Soon, the dusky darkness of his bedroom lulled me closer and closer to sleep. As I slid off questions raced through my head. Who was Paul? Where was I? Why did I want him so badly? Why did I want to submit to him so badly? Fuck! What was Paul's last name?