 It's not like I ever really expected that much. I fully understood that, even though you wanted me, you were still involved with someone else. This time, though, the first time, you were mine. 

It was the first weekend you came down to see me. Sure, you used the excuse that you wanted to skateboard but I know that what you really wanted was to see me. So many times, I cursed the distance between us, whether literal or emotional. 

We arrived at the skatepark almost at the same time. As you climbed out of your Jeep, my heart began to pound and my fingers trembled as I adjusted the buttons on my shirt. I silently cursed myself on my choice of clothing for the day while walking up to you. 

The closer I got, the more you seemed to tower over me. By the time I reached you, I was so nervous that I couldn't even look at you. The next thing I knew, your arms were around me, holding me in a tight embrace. Pulling away from you, I jokingly said, "You just wanted to feel my chest on you, that's all." You laughed and told me that I was probably right. 

We stood together for a few awkward moments before you grabbed your board and skated off. I walked to my favorite spot by one of the cement pillars and watched you do tricks I didn't even know the name of. I stood there in awe of you while my mind wondered what else you could do with that body of yours. I imagined what it would be like to have your hands in my hair, your lips hot on mine, and your body pressed close to me. As if I had broadcast my thoughts to you, you looked up at me and began to skate towards me. 

"Let's get out of here," I said to you.

"Where do you want to go?" you asked. 

"Anywhere that I can turn this fantasy into a reality," I said, not daring to meet your eyes.

"And what fantasy is that?"

"The one where you fuck my brains out and make me forget my name."

Your throaty chuckle echoed through the concrete park and my face turned the color of a tomato. You grabbed my hand, led me back to my car, and plainly told me to drive. Even with my body tensed up, I still managed to get us to a deserted field. There was never much traffic and no houses for miles. It was the perfect spot for a quick little tryst. I pulled the car to the side of the gravel road and as I tried to maneuver out of the steel death trap, I was not surprised to find my legs were wobbly. 

While you were getting out, I popped the trunk and grabbed the blanket I had stowed away. 

"You planned this?" you asked, stunned. 

"Not planned, necessarily. More like, I didn't want to be unprepared should this happen," I admitted.

We walked together, chatting mindlessly of things neither one of us really cared about. When we reached the middle, I laid the blanket down with trembling fingers. I felt your gaze on me, rooting me to the spot. You walked over to where I stood, bent over, and took my face in your hands. My heart began to pound in my ears as your lips lowered to mine. Your kiss was just as sweet as I had imagined.

Before I could help myself, I twined my arms around your neck, pressed closer to you and traced an outline of your mouth with my tongue. When you groaned, I gasped and your tongue darted inside my mouth. 

You tasted of hidden secrets, dark desires, and unfulfilled promises. You grabbed my legs and pulled me up to where I straddled you. Even with the awkward positioning, I could still feel you hardening beneath me. You placed me on my back, keeping my legs wrapped around your waist. Your hands moved from my hips to the buttons on my shirt. Your fingers traced a pattern along my chest that your mouth soon followed. I whimpered as you grazed your teeth on my open skin. You removed my shirt, then yours before unhooking my bra. Your hands gently caressed me as your mouth left a trail of steaming kisses. With unsteady hands, I undid your pants, leaving you in just your boxers. Standing up in front of you, I took off my jeans and underwear. Your hungry eyes roved over my body before pinning me to the ground and pressing yourself against me. I tugged your boxers down while begging you to fill me with your stiff cock. 

When you finally entered me, my back arched and I let out a deep moan. You began to move inside me; my nails raking down your back and my teeth sinking into the flesh on your shoulder, leaving my own imprint. You bite me back and pin my arms above my head before thrusting into me. I maneuvered myself to a sitting position on top of you. Sliding up and down, taking you in as deep as you'll go, I run my hands over your bare chest, thrilled with your reaction. I sigh out your name as I start to ride you faster, my hands taking yours and guiding them back up my body. As I feel the start of my orgasm building, I tell you to come inside me. I slam back onto you as I feel your body shaking and you moan as you fill me. I finally reach mine and collapse onto your chest. When the world finally stops spinning, I lift my head to look at you and say, "That was one hell of a ride, Subman."