 I was so fucking turned on watching Hans walk out of the room. This guy had just totally creamed my face and was walking away to shower off as if it was the most casual thing. I was still turned on like hell and was about to jack off right in that room. But good sense prevailed-people were going in and out of rooms everywhere on this floor, and I certainly didn't want to be found with a face full of cum whacking off, so I cleaned my face and left quickly.

That whole night I tried to avoid going anywhere near where Hans might be; everything was still really weird. I couldn't make sense of much at that point: I was horny as hell, but embarrassed and ashamed about what had just happened; afraid of what might follow. It dawned on me while I was talking to people or downing more beers that I could not avoid Hans forever-we shared the same friends; but I quickly put all this stuff in the back of my mind, and as I was still drowsy from the beers and getting delirious from drinking more, I pretty casually started to think of everything that happened that night as a small indiscretion caused by beer, fatigue, whatever.

The next week or so was as normal as any other-I'd go to work at the studio, stick around for Julie since she usually got out later; then we'd either go to the beach, because I really liked the beach in the evening. On the beach it always really dawned on me over and over again what a catch Julie was; all the guys on the sand or at kiosks were drooling over her and didn't even try to hide it. She was a tease and she even liked to give guys looks and lead them on, just then to frustrate them with a mean remark about their hair or shoes or ears; or she'd just grab my arm and squeeze to show she was "with someone" and smile at them as she walked away. She had these really full, luscious lips and smokey blue eyes and liked to purse her lips together when she knew she was being watched; or unravel her long blond hair and pretend to air it out.

Or at other times we went after work to have dinner with friends or to a club and Julie would always wear the sexiest dresses and latest fashions. Over dinner she exchanged jokes, malicious gossip with her friends; she was the typical LA new-actress bombshell, wild, gossipy, a tease, kind of a bitch-but I liked every bit of it, and liked her more for it. After we got to her place or mine- we didn't live together, we didn't want to get into all that, though we'd often spend up to a week at each other's apartments-the sex was great, Julie had this tickling way of kissing that just drove me wild.

I liked to take it easy though, and I could tell Julie would have liked it a bit rougher, but she seemed pleased, and it all went pretty well. I didn't even think of Hans or what had happened between us at the party that night so much; sometimes it crept in my mind, and then I'd get turned on like hell, but Julie was always around for release, and in any case, I was young, this was California, people experiment...I didn't think too much of it.

That is, until Julie told me there would be a get-together at her place that next Saturday. She had gotten a large chunk of hash from this guy who claimed it was straight out of Morocco. Sounded good, and Julie's pad was a pretty good place to be having a smoking party; weird lamps, weird lights, pseudo-African furniture she got out of some catalog. Only problem was, Hans was going to be there. He'd been pretty much out of the picture socially, because for the past week he'd been seeing a lot of this Hispanic chick, and they took off a few days for San Diego; the girl had stayed behind for a few days for some reason or other, so he'd be coming over with some buddies. I really wasn't looking forward to seeing him, and I told Julie. She was wearing a tight white dress that came a few inches above her knees; it really showed off her perfect ass and contrasted with her tanned skin. She looked luscious.

"Whatever," she rolled her eyes. "Stop being such a little four-year-old crying for his momma."

"I'm not being-"

"You are too!" she exclaimed, and the door rang. "We're not in middle school...and anyway," she came closer and rubbed up next to me; I could see she was not wearing a bra, and started to get hard. She smiled, "We gotta get through this hash tonight."

It was there out on the table, in a glass bowl, like candy or a cake or something. It was pretty hilarious.

"It's gonna be so good," she drew her words out and blew air on my lips. "That's for later," she whispered; the bell rang again and she went to get it. It was Cindy and some of her girlfriends.

"Hey Kyle!" said Cindy. "Looking good, man!"

She gave me a hug and made a "too hot" gesture for laughs. Cindy was an old friend of Julie's, a dancer for a local theater company; she had a pretty face and short red hair. She ran her fingers through my messy brown hair, and the highlights in the front.

"I really love your hair, Kyle."

"Oooh, you like it?" asked Julie. "I did it."

"Really love it," said Cindy. "Fits great."

It went on like that for another hour or two, people arriving, conversation. There were mini-bongs everywhere and several huge water pipes and people were doing at the hash, drinking, talking; there was electronic music in the background. I kept hoping Hans wouldn't show, but around midnight the bell rang, and I went to open the door. I was sort of anxious it would be him, though a bit turned on at the idea too, though I tried to put this out of my mind. When I opened the door, there he was with his friends; there was a roar from all his buddies, and the general confusion of greetings and sound-bites.

Hans came in and just pushed right by me, knocking me aside with his strong shoulder. He was wearing a tight white long-sleeved shirt that really showed off his broad shoulders and strong chest; he kept it untucked off his jeans. When he came at the entrance to the huge living room where people were just spread out all around partying there were cat-calls and whistles, and he walked right into the middle like he owned the place. The same feelings returned, of resentment and slight horniness that I tried to keep under a lid.

For the next twenty minutes Hans socialized and talked to people, then eventually he met up with Julie and they hugged and traded small-talk; Julie had done this with all the guests, but it bothered me that she was talking to Hans. I looked away and tried to get my mind off it. But ten minutes later, they were sitting next to each other, Julie on a sofa and Hans on the arm, still talking. I tried to look away, but eventually I ended up walking near them. I overheard them talking about a bottle of rum on the table in front of them.

Hans then got up and started to talk to other people but, as he walked by me, he winked in a very suggestive way. It was a small moment of weird understanding between us. He seemed friendly and sexy when he did it. But I knew what it meant. It went something like "I had my cock down your throat faggot--and I'm going to fuck your girlfriend tonight." Or at least that's what I thought it meant. Little did I know how much more it would mean. I went and talked to Julie after and she was in a good mood. We kissed a little, shared some hash and drinks, and talked about the people at the party, laughing at some of them. Time was flying by and it was late-many people were leaving.

Finally I saw the last group of people out the door. I got up to say bye to some of the guests as they were leaving and to trade some plans with a couple of friends before they left. But soon I had seen everyone out. Or so I thought. I looked across the entire room, and there on the sofa, next to each other were Hans and Julie, still talking. There was still electronic music beating in the background, but everyone-except Hans-had left. I couldn't hear what they were talking about from back here.

I took trays and dishes back to the kitchen; when I got to clearing up the table in front of them, Julie said, "Hi Kyle," and giggled off into their conversation. I just ignored it and kept bringing things back from the room to the kitchen. Then, when I had just finally cleaned up all the glasses and went back to the room, I looked up and on the sofa saw something that shocked me, though it shouldn't have.

Julie, her mouth open, was licking Hans' tongue. I stood there not knowing what to do; her tongue licked Hans' redder, larger tongue as they lay back on the couch. I took a step closer. Julie looked at me from the corner of her eye, and smiled wickedly. Then she got closer to Hans, and they really started making out, not so much locking lips as licking each others' tongues and sucking sporadically at their lips. I took another step closer and said, "Julie." But there was no answer, Julie just smiled from the corner of her mouth again; she was teasing me. I waited a while and said it again, "Julie." At this Hans interrupted their kissing. He looked at me and said, sternly,

"Hey, get out of my face and sit the fuck down, faggot," and pointed at an armchair across from the sofa.

I didn't even think of complaining. I immediately headed for the chair. I heard Julie start to giggle, but then her giggles were interrupted by her moan, and I heard their lips locking together and apart again. I saw them at it again from the armchair, it was right across from the sofa. Slowly, Julie started unbuttoning Hans' shirt as he unzipped the back of her dress. He dragged off his shirt showing all his rocky, lean muscles, and Julie ran her hands up and down his strong arms and shoulders as they kissed.

I was filled with rage and jealousy, but also more turned on than ever. Hans started kissing her neck, and pulled her dress down to her waist, revealing her firm breasts. He started kissing them and licking at them with his long tongue; I was mesmerized.

Then Julie stood up on her knees, pushing back against Hans' chest, until he was sitting back on the couch, Julie between his legs. She unzipped his jeans, and dragged them down his waist, her own dress at her ankles. His long, hard cock jumped out and slammed on his hard abs, just as it had the night I sucked him. It was so fucking thick...and Julie made a lustful moan looking at it. I almost gasped too at seeing it again. Then she practically jumped down on it and spread her luscious lips in a way I didn't think was possible.

She took in the head and worked her way down, bobbing her head on it. After a few minutes of this, Hans grabbed her head by the sides, fucking her mouth; I could hear the sounds of her mouth slopping on his giant cock. Then he let her go at it on her own, moving her hair out of the way so that both he and I could see her willing lips spread tight around his slick cock. She kept going; Hans kept saying,

"Yeah baby, keep going. Gonna cum; keep sucking me, baby...fucking beautiful. Fucking gorgeous," he kept saying between short breaths. "Gonna cum right in your mouth."

I watched with a pang of jealousy as Hans came in my girlfriend's mouth and she sucked him dry, cleaning his cock off with her tongue. I started rubbing my thighs together, hard as hell. I thought about stopping the whole thing, but I didn't know how to do it, what to say...Julie was just finishing licking the fat head of his cock with her tongue. Then Julie stood right up on her knees as Hans looked her in the eye, and gripped her firm ass with his strong hands. They had both worked up a layer of sweat on their tanned bodies which now shined in the dim light of the room.

The music was still beating lightly in the background. Hans and Julie locked lips and started kissing more ferociously, running their hands over each other's bodies. Then Hans grabbed her whole body in his muscular, rippling arms and lay her back on the couch. Their sweaty, tanned bodies, Hans' supple, defined muscles, Julie's soft, firm curves...it was all getting too much for me. I knew what was coming next. Hans bent her knees and dragged off the dress, throwing it on the floor. Then he sat back and kicked off his sneakers and dragged down his pants, revealing his long, lean, strong legs. He had been facing me now, and he called out to me.

"Hey cocksucker, get your wimpy fag ass over here. Right now."

He said this pointing to the floor in front of him. Something in me clicked to obey-right away; and I did. I walked over, turned on, flushed with heat. I was right next to them, as Hans now kneeled proudly between Julie's knees, facing my girlfriend, his enormous cock, veins jutting out, sticking out like a weapon. Julie looked at me only for a second with a mean, wicked smile, then back at Hans. Hans grabbed the base of his cock and beat the head lightly on Julie's shaved pussy. There were light slapping sounds. She moaned. Hans kept doing it, then said to me something I will not forget:

"Watch and learn, shitwad; just wanted to show you how it's done." Julie then looked deep in his eyes and said, in the most lustful, soft, wicked voice I'd heard from her,

"Fuck me, Hans. Fucking take me with your fucking thick cock."

Hans bent over slightly and started working his huge dick into Julie's pussy. The sight of his strong body, with the muscles of his arms and back jutting out over my girlfriend as he moved into her, was amazing. She moaned at first, then started to screech as Hans inched his huge, thick cock into Julie, taking over my girlfriend and most prized possession while I stood next to the couch with a hard-on.

It took a while for Hans to get his cock all the way in; Julie screeched and yelled for him to fuck her with his thick cock until he had her completely impaled to the hilt.

"Oh my god, Hans," Julie said softly, looking in his eyes. "You're so fucking thick, so strong..."

By this time Hans had already started pulling out, and then he thrust in, his muscular ass contracting. I watched from right to their side as Hans leaned over Julie and for about five minutes fucked the living daylights out of her, moving his powerful, thick cock in and out of her stretched pussy; he'd pull out about half way, then swing his hips forward until he slammed her again to the base. The only sounds in the room were the dim electronic music in the background and the slapping of sweaty bodies and hips as Hans fucked Julie, plus her moans. His muscles contracting and expanding as he fucked her looked incredible, and his platinum blond hair was sticking to his tanned forehead. The contrast between his blond hair and his beach tan was striking.

Julie was going wild as this cocky surfer fucked her harder than she had ever been. She moaned and screeched louder and louder; I was sure the neighbours could hear even through the thick walls. She kept goading him on,

"Yeah, yeah, oh fuck Hans...your cock's fucking me so fucking deep...feels so good...feels so good...yeah, Hans, fuck me fucking hard," and at this Hans increased his pace.

The sheer power of his thrusts and his muscles contracting as he took Julie was amazing. This guy I hated more than anything was fucking my girlfriend like I never could, and all I could do was sit there with a hard-on and rub my crotch. Julie started grinding her hips in circles, and their pace slowed.

"Fuckin'A yeah," she whispered..."you like that, huh?"

Hans responded with an affirmative grunt. Julie continued,

"Yeah, you fuckin' like that, stud...fuckin' me with your thick cock...you like that? You like my tight pussy wrapped around your horse cock, fucker?"

At this Hans grabbed Julie by the armpits and pulled her up until he was on his knees and she was impaled on his cock, straddling him. Hans grabbed her by the waist and pulled Julie up until she was almost completely off his cock, then lowered her; Julie emitted a shriek of pleasure and slapped Hans' strong shoulders. She grabbed on to his shoulders and they started bouncing on each other like that faster and faster; Julie's nipples were hard.

She looked down to where his cock went into her and she pushed her head back. Hans put his hand around Julie's throat and rammed his thick dick into Julie's pussy harder and harder as I watched him fuck my girlfriend like I could only dream. After a few more minutes of this, Julie was panting ferociously and moaning and squealing loudly. I could tell she was about to come. Hans cried out a victorious "Yeah!" as Julie's body tensed and spasmed; she screamed all through her orgasm. She scratched at his shoulders and back as she shuddered with pleasure. I looked in awe; I had never been able to get Julie so excited by my fucking her.

For the next five minutes or so Julie and Hans kept fucking on the couch. The pace had slowed, but Hans still kept going. I was amazed at his stamina and strength. Pretty soon they were both getting excited again and the sounds of Hans' hips slapping on Julie's were getting faster and faster. Then Hans pulled out. Julie sighed harshly, disappointed. Hans then got up off the couch, looking at Julie, and grabbed her by the hair. Pushing me out of his way with his forearm, he walked Julie to the head of the couch and bent her over. I had stumbled and fallen on my ass, so now I was watching them from below, Julie's perfectly formed, sweaty body, bent over the couch, Hans standing proudly behind her, stroking his long, thick cock. He spit several times on its head and stroked the spit down its length, mixing it with Julie's pussy juices so that his cock glistened.

Then I watched in surprise and terror as Hans grabbed the base of his cock and started working the head into Julie's ass. Julie was wide-eyed, and kept her mouth open, smiling.

"Oh fuck yeah! Fuck my ass, Hans--" and she laughed and looked right at me, teasing me, "Fuck my ass right in front of my boyfriend!"

I could tell she was joking and playing along with the "fantasy," but was it really a fantasy anymore? At this point I took in the whole scene again, and was more impressed than ever at Hans' courage and his perfect looks; his blonde hair stuck to his sweaty forehead and strands of it went down next to his eyes. I was turned on as hell watching Hans stand chest-out, his broad shoulders shining with sweat, as his handsome face looked down while he jammed his cock inch by inch into Julie's ass as she emitted high-pitched squeals.

Julie had never agreed to have anal sex with me, though I really wanted it a lot; now here was Hans, his first time with her, breaking open her ass with his huge cock. Julie's back was arched over the arm of the couch and her forearms rested on the pillows. Hans had already driven half the length of his dick into her ass, and now placed one of his strong hands on her arched back. It seemed to take forever, but slowly he ended up ramming his cock in until his balls slapped her pussy.

"Shit yeah, Hans."

"Yeah," said Hans deep from his chest. "Fucking take my cock up your tight ass, slut."

Julie groaned with pleasure in agreement. Hans grabbed her hips and started fucking her with a ferocious power. He slammed in faster and faster and the room was filled with loud, fast slapping sounds. Julie moaned and screamed louder and louder. He kept it up, one hand grabbing her hip, the other lightly slapping her ass-cheeks; then Julie had her third orgasm that night-I will never forget it, because she was panting with a series of moans for about a minute. She was losing all control, and she looked me right in the eye.

For maybe a minute Hans cooled down his attack on my girl's ass. Then I watched as Hans bent over and grabbed the undersides of Julie's thighs in his strong arms. His biceps flexed, Hans raised the girl I loved off the floor, cock in her ass, and slammed her up and down on his hips for about five minutes. All the while Julie moaned incoherently. She bent her arms back and grabbed the muscles at the back of his neck and shoulders as her ass bobbed up and down on his cock, her legs pointing out to the sides. Then Hans walked with Julie impaled on his long cock over to the couch, and sat down. He continued to bounce Julie on his hips
