 The bell rang overhead and Karl sighed in relief. He despised teaching the sixth year students, as none of them paid attention especially as they were moody eighteen year olds too focused on their phones. In all honesty, he was tempted to request the headmaster remove them from his schedule. As he checked his paperwork while the students filed out, he noticed a red sticker next to the name of one of them -- Lauren Trent.

"Miss Trent! Stay behind please." He called. One of the girls that sat near the back promptly sat back down. As the rest of them left, Karl sized her up.

Lauren was a very beautiful young girl, and a very sexual one at that. She was a goth girl, and the contrast between her physical appearance and the school uniform was startling. The uniform was a maroon blazer, white shirt and black tie, with a red and black plaid skirt -- that stopped halfway down the thigh -- and knee high white socks. Lauren had short black hair with a red streak, kohl rimmed emerald eyes and pale makeup, an athletic body -- with firm b cup breasts and a firm ass -- and long legs.

When she caught him staring at her in lessons, she would smile and open her phenomenal legs, giving him a mouth-watering glimpse of her panties. They were never the compulsory white cotton of the uniform, but varying colours of silk and lace. Karl often fantasised about parting those legs and sinking himself into her.

When the class had filed out, he beckoned her to come to the desk. She sauntered over, hips swaying provocatively, the skirt occasionally allowing glimpses of silk stockings. This made Karl smile inwards -- she was seriously flaunting the dress code, so her detention was about to get worse.

"Yes, Mr Lane?" she asked in a husky tone as she walked round the desk and sat on it.

"Your work hasn't been up to scratch recently, and I want to know exactly what you intend to do about improving your grades." He told her. Lauren smiled cheekily and bit her lip. Karl felt himself harden, but maintained a stoic outward appearance, "None of that, Miss Trent. You have also been ignoring the school dress code. You are supposed to wear black nylon tights and white cotton pants. Explain why you don't"

"Why don't you explain why you stare at my pussy?" she retorted, raising her eyebrows.

"Because you don't leave much choice. But stop changing the subject. You know the punishment for disobeying school rules. Stand up, lift your skirt and bend over the desk."

"You can't spank me!" Lauren snapped. Karl didn't argue. Instead he stood and manhandled her into the required position. Lauren struggled but he used a hand on the small of her back to foil her.

"Stay! Still!" he barked, using a voice he hadn't in the twelve years since his wife had died. Lauren immediately froze, just as his late wife had when she heard the tone. Suddenly there was an intense smell of female arousal in the room.

"Sorry Mr Lane..." She said timidly.

"I'm going to spank you Miss Trent," he continued in the same tone. "Five slaps for the wrong underwear, five more for stockings not tights, and ten for showing me your panties when I am trying to teach. Understood?"

"Yes sir..." She replied in the same meek tone, which made his cock stir. It suddenly occurred to him that she would be a brilliant potential submissive. Deciding to savour the moment, he caressed Lauren's silky smooth thighs, noting her legs were truly stunning. He moved them slowly upwards, enjoying the perfect curve of her ass as he lifted her skirt. She was wearing a tiny pink thong that barely covered her amazing rear. He gently squeezed her pert cheeks and enjoyed the soft moan she emitted.

Hooking his thumbs in her thong, he adjusted it to reveal as much of her incredible ass as possible. Lauren didn't move, even when he firmly squeezed her cheeks then kissed the bare, smooth flesh, which made her gasp. Karl decided to test the waters.

"Miss Trent, I am going to spank you now. You will count every one of them. Understood?"

"Yes sir." She answered, and Karl instantly knew she would make a perfect submissive. But that could wait. Caressing her ass, he raised his hand and gave her the first of many slaps.

********************

Lauren laid her cheek on the desk as Mr Lane ran his hands over her ass. Her pussy was incredibly wet, and to her surprise it was that way due to the unbelievably sexy tone of dominance that he had used. Lauren had always wanted to be treated as a sub, and while many boys had treated her roughly in the bedroom she got the idea that Mr Lane knew exactly what she wanted. He suddenly slapped her ass, and Lauren nearly came.

"Count!" he ordered.

"One..." She groaned. He slapped her again on the other cheek and she screamed in ecstasy, "Two!"

"Good girl." He whispered in her ear, leaning across her. Lauren could feel his hard and substantial erection against her thong and she moaned in anticipation, wondering whether he was going to fuck her after spanking her. As he did so, Lauren counted as instructed, letting out a joyous "Fifteen!" as he gave her the last one. Her ass was incredibly sore, but her pussy was soaked.

"Have you learned your lesson, Miss Trent? Or do I have to take extreme measures to improve your obedience?"

"I think...I think I need more punishment...sir..." She moaned softly.

"Phone your parents and tell them you are staying at a friends house tonight. We will continue your punishment at my home. Come with me." He ordered. Lauren stood up and started to adjust her thong, but Mr Lane grabbed her wrist. "Stay as you are or I will cane you."

"Yes sir" she nodded. Fishing her phone from her bag, she texted her mother.

Hey mom. Just staying round Kayla's tonight. She texted.

Okay. Have fun. Her mother replied. Lauren smiled, as she got the feeling her night was going to be a lot more than fun.

Karl led her from the school and out into the car park. Lauren gasped when they stopped beside his car -- a silver Porsche.

"This is yours?"

"Yes." He nodded, opening the door for her. Lauren climbed into the car and he shut the door behind her. Once the car was out of the car park, he spoke.

"Masturbate for me." He instructed. Lauren didn't hesitate -- she was dripping wet and incredibly horny. Her hand was in her panties before he had finished his sentence.

"Slowly." He ordered in the sexy tone. Lauren dipped a finger slowly in and out of her pussy, enjoying the slick, wet feel of her juices dripping down her thighs. Moaning softly, she alternated between sliding two fingers as deep as possible and rubbing her aching, swollen clit.

***************

Karl kept his eyes on the road but was listening intently to the noises that the gorgeous little goth girl beside him was making. He could hear the soft moaning, the wet sound of her fingers delving into her pussy, and her ragged breathing indicating she was drawing ever nearer to exploding. He didn't care if she came, but there was the chance she would squirt.

"Don't orgasm until I tell you." He ordered.

"Yes sir." She answered, sounding completely disappointed about being unable to orgasm. The car journey took only a few short minutes. He pulled to a stop outside a classy flat. They made it to the front door, where Karl pinned her face first against the door. He slipped his hand into her panties, then the two middle fingers inside. Lauren groaned in pleasure.

"You may come." He whispered, then rapidly rubbed her g-spot with a come hither motion and her clit with his palm. Seconds later Lauren erupted. Her pussy juice sprayed over his hand and through her panties, flooding down her legs onto the pavement. He removed his hand from her panties and raised it to her lips. "Clean them." He told her. Lauren eagerly sucked each of his fingers in turn, then licked his whole hand in an effort to get all of her cum.

Once she was done, he led her indoors. Lauren stood in the hall by the door, gaping around at the furnishings. Karl took her by the hand, and led her into the living room. He gestured to one of the leather armchairs, which she immediately took. He poured himself a scotch, poured Lauren a red wine which he passed her before sitting in the chair opposite.

"I will be frank with you, Lauren," he said quietly, gaining her full attention with the use of her first name, "I have been single since my wife passed away twelve years ago. Truthfully, she wasn't just my wife, she was my sub. And in the past years I have not felt anything close to what I felt today when I spanked you. Don't get me wrong, I have spanked many female students in my life and had subs in the years between then and now, but you made me feel something...else."

"Is that good?" Lauren asked, eyes wide and innocent.

"It depends."

"On what?" she asked tentatively.

"Would you be willing to...no, I can't ask this of you." He shook his head. Lauren placed the glass of wine down, then crossed to kneel beside his chair, taking his hands in hers.

"Mr Lane, I want you to know. I enjoyed you spanking me this afternoon. And the way you've been treating me -- the tone in your voice, the orgasms...I want more. And I know what you want to ask. My answer is yes."

"What?"

"You want me to be your new submissive. And I want to be." She smiled. Karl stared at her, then squeezed her hands gently.

"Lauren, this is a big decision. I do want you to be my submissive, but you shouldn't just jump into it. I think you need to see what being my sub entails before you choose."

"Then tell me." She smiled, climbing into his lap and leaning her head on his chest.

"You do what I tell you, when I tell you. Your body will be mine to do whatever I want with, and if you disobey me I will punish you whichever way I see fit. In return, I will make sure you never come to harm, and that you have the best of everything in life."

Lauren was silent for a while, then spoke.

"How about we spend tonight with you showing me what that kind of life would be like, and I'll make a decision tomorrow?"

"Very well."

"Ummm...one condition..."

"Yes."

"Use the voice..." She asked, biting her lip. Karl smiled.

"I think I can oblige." He told her.

***************

Lauren gazed up at Mr Lane, and saw the expression in his eyes change from friendly and flirtatious to serious and calm. It was only a subtle change, but it made her pussy dampen once again. Biting her lip again, she waited for his first command.

"Down the corridor, second door on the left. There is a walk in wardrobe. Find a robe and a nightie, along with some panties. Make sure they all match. Once you have all three, the first door on the left in the hall is the bathroom. Take a shower, make yourself smooth all over. Then return here and stand in front of me."

"Yes sir." She replied, her tone husky and breathless. She made to stand, but Karl briefly halted her to kiss her cheek. Lauren blushed and left the room. She entered the room he had indicated and found herself in a bedroom, dominated by a giant kingside bed. The covers were all a deep shade of blue. Checking the door to her left, she found herself in the wardrobe.

There were countless robes, camisoles, panties, nighties and gowns of every shade and fabric she could think of. After several minutes of searching, she settled on an absolutely gorgeous set -- the nightie and robe were both black silk, while the panties were the same but with a red lace trim. She carried all three one room over, into an absolutely stunning bathroom.

Everything was black marble, glass and steel. The shower was huge -- Lauren idly wondered what they could do in a shower this size, and immediately felt her juices sliding down her inner thighs.

Standing under the hot water for several moments, she enjoyed the sensation of the water trickling down her bare skin and contemplated playing with herself. Then she realised Mr Lane would most likely frown on this and punish her.

An orgasm rattled through her as she realised this would be another spanking, which she would thoroughly enjoy. Then she remembered that he had ordered her to be smooth all over, which she immediately began to work on.

Taking a razor from an unopened packet, she lathered her legs up and slowly ran the razor over them. Minutes later, her long legs were completely smooth, and she set to work on between her legs. Working with immense care, she completely shaved her mound, making sure that she was utterly hairless.

After she was completely bald -- including her armpits -- she shampooed and washed her hair before drying off and putting on the clothes she had selected. She caught sight of herself in a full length mirror and paused -- she had never thought so before, but at that moment she thought of herself as beautiful. Smiling, she returned to the living room.

Mr Lane had lit the fire and was staring into the flames. He had unbuttoned the top button of his shirt and rolled up his sleeves. As she entered the living room, he looked round and his jaw dropped as he looked her from head to toe. She stopped before him and his gaze turned to a hungry lust.

***************

"Lauren, you look...phenomenal." He told her. Lauren blushed and looked down. He leaned forward and made her look back at him. "Never be ashamed. You are a very beautiful young woman."

"Thank you." She said bashfully. He ran his hands slowly up her legs, sending small shivers through her spine, "Seeing you in the firelight...there are no words to describe how beautiful you are." He told her, his hands gently caressing her rear. He took hold of her robe sash with his teeth and pulled, and as the robe fell open, the look of hunger in his eyes told her what he thought of her choice. "Miss Trent?"

"Yes sir?"

"Turn around and remove the robe." He instructed. She didn't hesitate, obliging immediately. He then pulled her back into his lap, where he held her in place. He trailed her arms around his neck, which pushed her breasts into his hands. He kneaded her nipples, making her moan loudly in utter enjoyment. His left hand trailed down her stomach and into her panties where a finger slid inside her damp pussy.

"Oh god..." She muttered in pleasure.

"Completely smooth...good girl." He whispered, slowly rubbing her clit with his fingers in lazy circles. "Tell me something, Miss Trent? Have you ever deepthroated any of your past partners?"

"No sir. None of them were big enough for me to do so."

"Would you like to attempt it?"

"I want to attempt anything that gives my Master pleasure..." She answered -- his cock immediately swelled to full size at her answer.

"Kneel before me between my legs." He instructed. Lauren instantly climbed off of his lap and kneeled as ordered. Karl unbuttoned and unzipped his trousers, freeing his erection. Lauren gasped -- Karl doubted she had ever seen one as big. He was seven inches long, and very thick. The smell of Lauren's pussy filled the room again. "Take me in your mouth."

Lauren leaned forward and -- after a brief pause to fit him past her lips -- took him partially into her mouth.

Karl sighed in satisfaction, as the feeling of her hot wet mouth was unbelievable. She looked up at him, wide eyed, and he nodded. Lauren began to slowly fellate him, her soft lips gliding up and down his length. After a while, he placed a hand on the back of her head, but didn't push as Lauren was gradually sinking further down his cock.

Soon her progress was halted by her throat, and though she tried, it wouldn't go further. She looked up at him in utter shame and made to lean back. Karl stopped her.

"Relax, Miss Trent. I'm going to push my cock slowly into your mouth and throat. Don't fight. Breathe through your nose and the thought of suffocation will vanish." He instructed. Lauren nodded. Karl pushed very slowly into her mouth, Lauren breathing raggedly through her nose. He touched the back of her throat, paused, then pushed a little firmer. There was a little pop and her throat expanded to accept him.

Soon he was balls deep inside his gorgeous goth girl. He held there for a moment, then released her. She gazed at him in wonder as she got her breath back.

"Again?" he asked.

"May I attempt it myself, please, sir?" she answered. Karl nodded, applauding her attitude. Lauren took him deep in her mouth, but this time took him further and deepthroated him again. Karl moaned -- her throat felt like an extremely tight pussy.

"Fellate me, Miss Trent, but I will cum in your throat. Understood?" he told her. She nodded and set to work licking and sucking his entire length. She had evidently had practise, as she alternated between deepthroating and lavishing his shaft with her tongue.

Karl felt himself getting closer by the second, but then changed his mind.

"Stop." He commanded. Lauren immediately pulled her mouth from his cock and leaned back. "Come with me." He led her by the hand into the bedroom, where he closed the door. "Sit on the edge, feet on the floor." He instructed and Lauren immediately complied.

Karl knelt between her legs, and softly ran his hands up them, savouring the softness. He could smell her arousal, and he wanted to taste it. He hooked his thumbs into the thong and slowly slid it down her legs, reveals her perfectly smooth pussy.

"Lean back onto your elbows." He commanded. Once she had, he lifted her legs over his shoulders, and buried his head between them.

She was incredibly sweet, which he discovered as he slowly ran his tongue all the way up between her pussy lips. Lauren moaned. He swirled his tongue over her clit, then delved it as deep inside as he could. She was unbelievably wet, as her juices flowed into his mouth as he probed her tight hole. She was moaning uncontrollably.

Sliding a finger into her pussy, he sucked on her clit and used his finger to massage her g-spot. Lauren convulsed, moaning long and loud as her cum sprayed onto his face and flooded his mouth.

Leaning up, he retreated to the bathroom and dried his face, then returned to the bedroom. Lauren was still where he had left her, breathing heavily. He walked round the bed and lifted the covers, gesturing for her to get in. Lauren did, and -- after changing into pyjamas -- Karl did likewise. Holding Lauren, he placed his hand gently on her cheek, then leaned in and kissed her.

***************

When Mr Lane kissed her, Lauren felt a shiver of happiness. She returned the kiss, and as it became more passionate, he rolled her over and laid between her legs. She gasped into his mouth as she felt his erection against her drenched pussy. As he continued to kiss her, he reached down and placed his cock against her entrance.

"Ready?" he asked. Lauren bit her lip and nodded. With one swift push, his length was buried deep inside her all the way. Lauren moaned, relishing the sensation of being so full. His erection was so thick and long, it felt like he was stretching her pussy to the limit just so it could accommodate him. He stayed still for a moment to allow her to get used to having such a large cock inside her, pulled out almost all the way, then pushed back in.

Lauren gasped in pleasure, and Mr Lane took it as a sign to move faster. He began to make love to her with deep, slow movements that -- due to his girth -- touched all her most sensitive spots, including several she didn't know she had. Suddenly he rolled them over, leaving her astride him with his cock feeling even deeper.

"Move. Slowly." He ordered. Lauren placed her hands on his chest and began to slide up and down his length, moaning loudly every time he bottomed out inside her. "Faster." He told her. Lauren rode him with breathless speed, climaxing with a scream as her pussy clenched around the steel stiff erection inside her. Evidently this drove him over the edge.

With a long groan, his cock swelled impossibly thicker and she felt powerful spurts of hot, thick cum coat her insides. It seemed like hours before he stopped, filling her with so much cum that it oozed out around his cock. Lauren collapsed on his chest.
