 This is a stand alone story, however, I will be posting more stories with the same characters, all characters mentioned in this story are fictional and are 18 years old or over.

*****

"EMILY!"

I was walking to class when I heard someone call my name. I turned around and saw an arm waving above a crowd of students walking in every direction.

"EMILY!"

I waited for whoever might be calling me to catch up. It was... Sabrina? Why would Sabrina be calling for me? Sabrina was the flyer of the cheer squad, super popular, both with the other cheerleaders and with the boys. I don't think she'd ever talked to me before.

"Emily! Oh my god!" Sabrina said in her most excited voice, "we are throwing a party on Sunday since its a three day weekend, you have to be there!" Sabrina talked in the same fashion you'd expect from Valley Girl Barbie.

"Oh... That sounds... Well, I would, but I have plans on Sunday evenings," I responded honestly, but grateful for an excuse to miss out.

"No no no, your my new girl, you have to be there!" Sabrina insisted, "I make sure my spotters get the best!"

It's my senior year of high school and my parents made me sign up for cheer. I had no interest whatsoever, but my parents forced me. I gladly accepted the spotter position, I didn't have to be a part of the stunts, I could just catch the flyer at the end and that would be my part. I also didn't mind being at the back because I was 5'6. That doesn't seem too tall till you realize all the other cheerleaders were like 5'3. "I'll see what I can do, I promise I'll try," I partly lied. I would see what I could do, but I hang out with Frank after church on Sundays. We never miss a Sunday and my eighteenth birthday was this week so there's no way he'd miss out on this Sunday.

"Ok, I'll keep touch, love you, kay, bye~ " Sabrina skipped off. 'That was a weird encounter,' I thought.

Just then the bell rang. 'Shoot! I'm late to class! I'm never late to class.'

__________________________________

After class the teacher held me back to discuss my tardiness. "I know you've joined cheer and there's a reputation that comes with that, but you've been such a good student in the past. I don't want to see you lose that." I didn't respond. I was embarrassed. "Well... Ok, you can go now, but please think about what I said," she said awkwardly with sympathy in her voice. I walked out of class in rush to not be late to my next one.

"Hey," Frank said. He must've been waiting for me. We don't usually meet up between classes. There's only enough time to get to your next class, it's kind of hard to socialize with no time. He must need to talk about something.

"What do you need?" I asked annoyed.

"Why do you have to ask me like that?" he responded innocently. "Ok, Ok," he admitted, "look, I can't hang out on Sunday... My dad needs me."

"Buh, what!" there went my excuse. Maybe I could lie to Sabrina, but I never lie... "Ok..." I responded in disappointment.

"I'm sorry, this is a really big deal or I swear I wouldn't miss out!" he defended himself

"I know, I know," I said. Frank and I have been best friends since we were born. We lived next to each other so it was easy for our parents to set up play dates.

Frank was a pretty handsome latino. Tall, spiked hair, masculine look, but I never really thought of him as any more than a friend. We did everything together, we made mud pies together, we played videogames together, hell, we took baths together... only up to a certain age of course... We're not savages. Our friendship aged as we did.

He purposefully got bad grades so he could be in the same grade as me. We bought walkie talkies and talked way past our bed time. We saw our first rated R movie together. There was man butt and boobs... It was kind of embarrassing, him seeing boobs and sitting right next to me. Admittedly, I peaked at his lap to see if he enjoyed it, but I couldn't tell. We even talked about our crushes at school with eachother. He had a hard crush on Sabrina. If there was any consolation of now becoming friends with Sabrina, It was that I might now be able to set them up.

I had a crush on Brad. Brad and I had three classes together. In one of our class, the desks were situated in a circle and he sat across from me so I could just stare at him for an hour. It was the only class I had a B in. He had a nice tan, sandy brown hair, spiked like Frank's, blue eyes, and a body that looks like it was chizzled by Michael Angelo.

__________________________________

School was out, the weekend was here and I got lucky enough not to run into Sabrina. Maybe I wouldn't need an excuse. Then my phone rang. An unknown number.

"Hey girl! It's Sabrina!"

oh no, "Hi Sabrina!" I tried to sound excited. I'm not sure how successful I was.

"I'm following up on my invite! You have to be there!"

"Well," I paused and considered lying, "my plans did get cancelled-"

"Aaahh," Sabrina screamed through the phone before I could finish my thought, "I'm so excited, alright, I'll see you there! Oh, we're all wearing our cheerleader outfits, it'll be super sexy! Bye!"

I hadn't worn my cheerleading outfit in public yet. When I received it, the tag had my size on it, but I'd have preferred both the top and the skirt to be 4 inches longer. The top fit tight to my skin and accentuated my breasts that were slightly larger than the typical 18 year old. Well, maybe Brad will be there and I can show off my outfit to him.

__________________________________

The time was here and I'm late. I was debating about going braless so you didn't see the straps in the back, but going braless seemed so slutty. I already felt slutty enough with my outfit and my long, blonde ponytail tied up with school color ribbons. I decided to go braless.

A couple minutes later, I was knocking on a large, fancy oak door. Sasha opened the door. Sasha was the pastor's daughter. She was always smiles and politeness on Sunday mornings, but everyone knew she was the kinkiest girl in the school. She had beautiful, vibrant black skin, shining eyes and hair, gorgeous lips, and massive tits.

"Come in, come in!" She hopped in excitement. It was obvious she was not wearing a bra underneath her outfit as you could hear her breasts smack against her chest. "I'm so glad Sabrina got you to come! We're about to play 7 minutes in Heaven!" Sasha grabbed my hand and pulled me into a room full of 2 of the other cheerleaders (less than I expected).

"I can't play 7 minutes in heaven!" I exclaimed.

"No, no, you have to! There's 5 guys and without you there's only 4 girls, we don't want one of them left out!" Miranda sounded genuinely distraught. Miranda was the most petite girl on the squad; a short, thin latina whose chest was barely big enough to need a bra, but she was absolutely adorable.

"That's seven minutes girls!" Sabrina shouted opening a door to a dark room. All the girls ran in screaming, turning the lights on. "Sweet, Brad is still available!" Sabrina shouted.

'Brad is playing!' I thought to myself, 'and he hasn't gone in with anyone yet!'

All the girls came back into our room and pestered April. She was the second tallest girl on the squad, thin, asian, and was kind if ditzy. She had just come back from the dark room. "So, how was Anthony?" Miranda asked.

April looked at Sasha, "your brother is hot, but he's is a terrible kisser!" All the girls laughed.

"Ok, I did not need to know that," Sasha responded.

"So how many people are left," I asked, speaking up for the first time.

"Does that mean you are gonna play!" Miranda asked surprised.

"It's just the two of us left," Sabrina replied.

"And Brad is still available?" I asked reluctantly.

Woooo! The girls screamed taking my question as confirmation that I would be playing. April grabbed me by the shoulders and lead me to a seat in front of a coffee table. Sasha chugged the rest of her beer then set the bottle sideways on the table. Sabrina sat across from me and spun the bottle. The bottle seemed to spin forever. It slowed and slowed, and it seemed like it was going to stop on Sabrina, but it managed to creep until it landed unmistakably on me.

Woooo! The girls shouted, huddled around me and pressured me toward the dark room. "Wait! Wait! Wait!" I shouted, then paused, "I need a drink first." Miranda handed me a red party cup and without knowing what was in it, I gulped it down. I had never had alcohol before and wasn't sure what to expect, but I figured it would help my nerves. "Ok, I'm ready."

They pushed me through the door and ahead of me was a silhouette of a man. I tip-toed slowly over to him, unsure if it was Brad, or if I was about to bump my shin on something. My heart was pounding as I got closer to him. I could see him extend his hand toward me, I grabbed his hand, then immediately reached up to feel his hair.

It was Brad! He had spikey hair. Before I could say anything, his lips were touching mine. This was my first kiss and it was from Brad! He worked wonders with his tongue, moving lightly over mine. His hands started to explore my body! One hand in my hair, the other running down my side, around my thigh, then slowly over my ass. His hand stopped on the small of my back and his other hand came down my back to just below my top, then up under the strap on my top and rested between my shoulder blades. If I raised my arms, he would be in the perfect position to remove my top.

He tried to bring his free hand down to my pussy, but I shooed it away. The thought excited me, but I was too embarrassed to go that far... yet. He respected my shoo and waited to try again. I brought my body closer to him, my pussy now rubbing against his thigh. I was getting so wet, I was afraid he could feel my juices on his leg. He turned me around forcefully, raised my top over my head, and threw it across the room. My head was too hazy to fight him, I'm not sure I wanted to fight him anyways.

Standing behind me, still kissing me over my shoulder, he started working his hand around my breast, slow and soft. I felt my nipples come to a point, begging for his attention. It felt like we'd been in this room for hours, he finally brought his thumb and forefinger up, twisting and pulling. Pain mixed with pleasure swirled through my body.

My moaning gave him the confidence to attempt at my skirt again. He didn't pull it down, he just reached under my waist band. He started with a light rub over my pussy lips, still playing with my breasts and nipples with his other hand. After a while, he separated my pussy lips and found my clit. I had played with myself plenty of times before tonight, but there was nothing like having your clit played like an instrument, never knowing what he would do next. When it came to my pussy, he was a beautiful musician!

His middle and ring finger found their way into my pussy, caressing my inner walls. He started slow, and began to get faster and faster. I didn't even realize I was moving my body to the rhythm of his fingers. It's like he could read my body, knowing exactly how my body would react to each movement in ways I couldn't even know. I was now moaning so loud, I had forgotten there were people in the next room. I kept expecting to peak, but I just kept climbing higher.

Suddenly, just as my body was brought to blissful climax and I screamed out in satisfaction, the light flicked on and the room flooded with people. It was too late, my legs started shaking and I fell to the ground. My whole body convulsing as wave after wave overcame my body. I closed my eyes in bliss, and waited for my body to stop shaking. The room was silent and I was exhausted.

"God damn!" Anthony exclaimed. My eyes shot open. Everyone was hovering over me. "Frank, you destroyed her!"

'Frank?' I looked over, Frank was standing star-struck over me, jaw dropped, eyes wide. I stood up quick, ran my hands up over my breasts and ran out of the room in embarrassment. The door slammed behind me. I was now back in a room full of the girls.

"Holy crap Emily! You were amazinh!" I heard one of them say. It sounded like Miranda, but I was too distracted to see who was talking. Sabrina threw my top to me and I rushed it on.

"Yeah, yeah, ha-ha," I fake laughed, "make fun of me all you want!"

"We're not making fun of you. None of us were brave enough to go as far as you did!" April explained.

"Yeah, you're awesome!" Sasha agreed.

"Well, it looks like Brad is mine!" Sabrina exclaimed.

"Who was my partner?!" I asked for confirmation. 'Please don't say Frank!' I thought to myself.

"Frank silly. Didn't you see, that's why we turn the lights on at the end," Miranda laughed.

"Well, it's my turn, and the best part, I already know my partner!" Sabrina said charging the door. She opened the door, "Brad, here I come!" Sabrina shouted slamming the door behind her. All the girls ran over and pressed their ears against the door giggling. They didn't even notice me sneak out of the house.

"Oh my god!" I yelled at the world. I was only there in the first place because he ditched me! Then my mind wandered to my 7 minutes in heaven. My pussy began to wet itself again. 'No, I can't let him make me wet, he's the reason this whole thing happened. All the guys saw me topless, they saw me orgasm... I orgasmed... It was the most embarrassing, humiliating, and best experience in my life.

I got home, rushed to my room, yanked off my clothes and attempted to bring myself back to orgasm. I just couldn't do it. My body was coming down from an incomparable experience. Just as I almost gave up, I heard a knock at my window. I threw on my robe, opened the curtains, and saw Frank standing behind the window.

"I hope this doesn't change anything," his voice came through our old walkie talkie, guilt in his voice. "I swear I didn't know you would be there tonight!" he defended himself.

I opened the window and he began to climb into my room. I stopped him half way and he looked up at me. At that moment, every thought left my mind and I kissed him as passionately as ever before. Our lives would never be the same. "Happy Eighteenth," he said, "let me give you a present you'll never forget!"