 Samantha

I have worked with Samantha's roommate Jessica on nights for a long time. Since Sam and Jess hang out together often, I knew both women well. I was familiar with Sam's work ethic and enjoyed her sense of humor and her general personality. 

What's more, I certainly enjoyed looking at her. Sam is about 5'4 and weighs in I would guess around 125. She is generously endowed with a delicious looking pair of 34D's and a nice round rear end which while plump is very appealing on her body. She is a Hispanic/Italian mix with luxurious long black hair, big brown doe eyes and lips that would make Angelina Jolie envious. All that wrapped up in a package of an openly sexual woman makes the job of being her boss a challenge at times. 

That being said, I only liked to look at her, I never entertained any romantic interest in her. In fact Sam and Jess both were like little sisters too me. Little sisters with too much sex appeal for my own personal comfort, but sisters nonetheless.

As luck would have it, with our line of work in the military, Sam and I were sent on an overseas deployment to work for 4 months together. Being the only 2 in our job specialty and needing to cover the night shift from 6 pm to 6 am 7 days a week, we split it up. Sam would work 1 night, me the next. The first month things went well. We got in the habit of being awake in the early morning when the other got off work and would talk, toss back a Corona or three and discuss various things of little consequence for a few hours before heading off to sleep the day away. Sort of a way to have a bit of home together and keep our sanity. We talked mostly about the nights work, and the idiots we had to work with, but often enough we would drift to home issues. We got to know each other fairly well, and not much about our personal lives was not shared at one point or another with the other.

At times she was a tad distracting to me because she would meet me at my room in the morning on the days she didn't work wearing a large "nightgown" t-shirt and some extremely short shorts, obviously what she slept in. I did tease her on occasion about her risque outfit, but I really enjoyed the show....and I'm sure she knew it. Her olive skinned legs disappearing up under that shirt were a treat to the eye. Her skin tone was perfect light mocha color that I could not get enough of seeing. There were many days when she would leave to go back to her own room when I would be thinking sexy thoughts of her as I drifted off to sleep, and more than once or twice I masturbated thinking of her.

Shortly after the end of our first month there, Sam got a dear Jane phone call. I knew something was up when she came to the room after I got off work, grabbed a beer and slammed it down. She grabbed another beer sat on my bed and was quiet for a bit sipping on it. I had not changed yet, so I grabbed my shorts and a T-shirt and went around the corner where I could change. I began trying to drag out of her what was going on.

"What's eating you, Sam?" I asked. 

No answer for a bit. I came back around the corner; she looked up at me for a minute. 

"Do you think I'm attractive?" She demanded.

Wow, what a loaded question! 

"Of course! I can't believe you have doubts." I exclaimed.

Then she told me about the call with her now ex. I did the only thing I could think of, I sat down on the bed next to her and gave her a big brotherly hug. That broke the dam and the next thing I knew she was sobbing into my shoulder. Long story short, she didn't quit crying for a long time. It got to the point where I just laid back on the bed and held her while she cried into my chest. Eventually she fell asleep. Not wanting to disturb her, I didn't move. After a while I dropped off myself.

Hours later I woke flat on my back with one arm still around her mid section holding her to my side. I felt her head still lying on my chest. Her body was stretched out next to mine spooning my side with one leg tossed over my leg and her arm was across my chest and her fingers absently stroking my chest. Her hair smelled wonderful and her body heat was so arousing, especially after over a month of celibacy. Her large breasts unbound by any kind of bra were pillowed against me in a most distracting soft embrace, it didn't take long at all for me to achieve a nearly painful hard-on. Now, common sense told me I didn't want to get involved sexually. Of course common sense doesn't tend to talk much with the organ down below. 

I knew it was a bad idea to even be having the thoughts so I started to extricate myself. As soon as I moved, she started to wake up. At first she just held me closer to her, then awareness returned to her. She woke up completely and at first was embarrassed. She let go of me and I stood up and headed for the bathroom. My hard on making an obvious tent pole in my shorts. I'm not a large man, but even 7 inches looks impressive when it's that hard. I covered up as best I could and disappeared out of sight as quickly as possible. 

"Was that my doing?" she asked. 

"Umm, sorry about that, involuntary on my part. It was just nice to wake up next to a woman again. I've missed it." I told her. 

"Never tell a woman that she doesn't arouse you, Dummy." She said. "Don't you know anything about women at all?" 

Her tone of voice was surprisingly light and had a tinge of laughter in it, which made me feel much better about the situation. 

When I came back into the room, she had the disheveled look of a woman just awoken, which on her looked dynamite. Her eyes were slightly red from the crying, but she was smiling again. 

"So lil ole me caused you a bit of discomfort, did I?" She said in a little girl voice. 

I laughed, playing it off as best I could. 

"Well, ya know, couple months without luvins, doesn't take much to get me aroused." 

"Really..." her eyes flashed in a way I had not seen before, "so if just sleeping next to me did that......I wonder what this does..." She murmured.

Without waiting for a reply she pulled her T-shirt up and off allowing her magnificent breasts to tumble out. Stunned, I could not help but stare....though my dick had no trouble realizing what I was seeing as it quickly jumped back to full erection. Her breasts were that same sweet mocha color. Her nipples were dark quarter inch erasers sticking out of silver dollar sized areolas. For the size of her breasts there was very little sag. Both nipples pointed proudly to the air begging for attention.

"Sam.." I stuttered. 

"Shhhh," she said, "you comforted me when I needed it most. I can't tell you what it meant to me, but I think I need a bit more from you." 

She rose to her knees, shuffled to the end of the bed to where I was standing, reached up and pulled my face down into a hot wet kiss while her other hand ran up my leg and across my shorts till she had my cock firmly in her hand. She started with light stroking motions through my shorts, and that's where my willpower ended. I pushed my mouth firmly back into hers. My hands came up and were filled by the warm soft flesh of those glorious tits. I massaged and kneaded them as I slowly pushed her back onto the bed. I broke the kiss and looked at her, lost in those eyes for a moment. 

"Is this really what you want?" I asked softly. 

In reply she squeezed my dick hard for a moment and almost whimpered out a "Please...". 

I lowered my head to kiss down her neck and then to the canyon between those breasts. At the same time I began working her shorts off of her hips. She squeezed her breasts together pressing them to my cheeks while I tasted every inch of her working my way down. No panties I was pleased to note when I got below, tossing her shorts off onto the floor. Her pussy was neatly trimmed into a landing strip. Her lips were light brown, thick, and puffy. They were covered in a light sheen of her own arousal juices. I spread her lips open and her clit popped out swollen and pink. I touched it with the tip of my tongue. 

She gasped and shuddered so I buried my tongue into her folds with long licks from the her entrance all the way up to her clit. She grabbed my hair and pulled me up. 

"That's for another time." She breathed huskily, "For now I just need you in me." 

Her knees bent and open, she pulled me up to cover her. I poised myself over her and pushed the head of my throbbing cock into her. It was like sliding into a velvet glove. A very tight but very wet velvet glove. It was the hottest, softest pussy I have ever felt. I pushed steadily and slowly forward until our hips met. She arched her back thrusting her tits up for attention. I leaned my head down and sucked one rock hard nipple into my mouth, nibbling the tip and milking the breast with my lips. Her eyes rolled back into her head and she started heavily panting. 

I started long slow strokes in and out of her hot pussy. She moaned and it was heart wrenching almost painful sounding, she grabbed at my hips and pulled me in and out faster. She felt so damn good, and it had been so long for me that I was already trying to think of ways to prolong the pleasure and keep from cuming. 

I laid down fully on her, her breasts mashed into my chest. Her thighs hooked on my hips and her ankles crossed behind me. I kept up a steady pace plunging into the best pussy I had ever felt with the longest strokes I could manage. She was moaning a little louder, insistently, needfully. Her eyes still closed her beautiful lips working in soft mewling whispers. She stiffened and bit her lip, her legs locked tight on me and she froze. I kept the steady rhythm pushing into Sam until I felt her pussy clamp down on my dick like a vise, then it began to pulse as she came hard. I could feel the heat rush surround my cock as she came and the massage of her walls throbbing on my dick was all too much. I cried out and plunged forward one last time as I exploded deep inside her.

It was at least 5 minutes before I could move or talk. I levered myself off of her and looked down into her face. She had a sleepy contented smile. She opened her eyes and gazed at me. 

Finally she whispered "Thank you," closed her eyes and laid still till she drifted off to sleep. 

I made myself comfortable next to her unable to focus about much. I drifted off exhausted and sated but aware that our working relationship had certainly reached a new level...one I was not willing to slip away if I could do anything to prevent it.

To be continued.......