 Author's Note: STOP!!!

If you've read my stories before, you should probably be warned that THIS ONE IS DIFFERENT.

I've had a lot of requests to write a story with a homosexual storyline. This story represents my first attempt to do so. Even so, elements of heterosexuality still crept in (what can I say?), but I gave it an honest shot. If male/male activities are not your thing, you probably won't like this one. Oh well; I'll catch you next time.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached, as long as no charge is made for it and it isn't changed in any way. If it is archived or displayed, it is done so with the understanding that the author will have unrestricted access to the archive or posting. Additional stories can be found at www.literotica.com. Just go to the Stories section, select Indexed By Author, and look for Bob Peale. While you're at it, check out some of the other great stories posted by other authors!

Disclaimer: This story is a work fiction. None of the characters or events herein are based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or if reading stories of a sexual nature upsets you, do not read any further! By reading further, you certify that you have accessed/requested access to this material willfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age or older. You also certify that you are NOT a city, county, state, or federal law enforcement officer, official of the United States Postal Service, acting in the capacity of a representative of a telecommunications firm, and that, to your knowledge, this material does not offend the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state, or federal law. No animals were harmed in the manufacture of this product.

* * * * *

Six weeks came and went WAY to fast. Darren and Cathy had both figured that they would have plenty of time to sort things out before Cathy's maternity leave was over, but now they found themselves staring at one of the ugly realities of new parenthood: childcare. 

Together, they made a pretty good living, but they were not prepared for the cost of taking care of Jessica while they were at work. The only thing they had decided early on was that the nanny thing wasn't an option; it would be bad enough having a stranger taking care of their child without also having her live in their house. Their friends Michael and Terri Watson swore by theirs, but it'd been a huge pain in the ass to find her. Of course, unbeknownst to Darren, Cathy had come up with what she thought was a workable solution.

"Darren, why don't you stay home and take care of Jessica?" she asked innocently one night.

"What!?!" he sputtered. "What do you mean, 'Why don't I stay home?'"

"Hold on," she answered calmly. "Look, up until now you've always held the kind of job that you wanted. I've always supported that. But let's face it; you've never made a hell of a lot of money. In fact, I think what you make now probably wouldn't even cover the cost of childcare. If you stopped working, at best it would be a wash."

She had a good point, but that didn't mean he had to like it.

"Fine, throw that up in my face," he growled. "If you wanted some suit, you never should have married me! I never claimed that I was going to be some corporate bigwig."

"Darren, that's not what I'm saying. I just want what's best for Jessica. If I could, I'd stay home in a minute, but we both know that we can't afford that."

"Look, if my salary basically just covers the cost of childcare, then I should have a say as to whether or not I want to slave away just to pay it or if I want to stay home and take care of the baby myself. Besides, what the hell do I know about taking care of an infant?"

He crossed his arms and leaned back in the sofa, signaling that he was done talking about it. He could act like such a baby sometimes, Cathy thought to herself. But she knew better than to push on; all it would do is prolong the argument, and neither of them was known for giving in. Instead, she nodded her head solemnly, stood up, and went upstairs. 

When Darren joined her in the bedroom a few minutes later, she had already turned off the light and crawled under the covers. He stripped and slid in beside her, surprised to find that she was dressed in a sweatshirt and shorts.

"What are you doing?" he whispered, his surprise evident. They'd both slept nude for years.

"Nothing," she mumbled back over her shoulder sleepily.

"Fine," he huffed, turning his back to her noisily.

The next day, Darren spent his lunch hour looking for places to put Jessica. He finally found one that was close to his job that only charged $500 a month. It seemed like a nice enough place and, miraculously, they had an open slot, so he and Cathy went the next day to interview the center and be interviewed by the director. In the end, they both agreed that it seemed like a good fit, and they enrolled Jessica the following Monday. Except for Cathy's insistence on continuing to wear clothes to bed, the childcare disagreement was all but forgotten.

Two weeks to the day that Jessica started, Darren received a hysterical call from his wife in the middle of the day.

"You have to go get Jessica NOW," she shouted into her end of the telephone.

"Whoa, whoa sweetheart. Calm down and tell me what's the matter," he said, an uneasy feeling forming somewhere deep in his belly.

"FUCK CALM!" she screamed. "Go to that goddamn center and get our daughter. The fucking director and two of her staff were just arrested for dealing. It's all over the fucking news!"

Darren went numb as her statement sank in. He'd put his little girl, his two-month old daughter, in unspeakable danger because of his stupid pride. Cathy hadn't said it, but he knew she'd thought it, and there really wasn't much he could say in his own defense.

"I'll be there in five minutes," he said quietly. "I love you," he added, but she'd already hung up.

Before he left, he collected all of his personal things and shoved them into a cardboard box. On his way out, he told his boss that an emergency had come up that he had to attend to, and that he wouldn't be coming back. At the center, he was detained briefly by the police officers at the scene. Apparently, some of the parents had been couriers, while others had been customers. Once it was evident that the Marshalls hadn't been involved, a clear case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time, they allowed him to take Jessica and go home, but they informed him that he may be called on to testify when this went to trial.

At home, Jessica settled down quickly (babies were wonderful; she didn't give any indication that she was aware of all of the controversy). While she napped, he prepared his resignation letter. He was serious about not going back; there was no telling what could have happened. He'd burn a professional bridge or two, but his daughter was more important.

When Cathy got home she was still spitting fire, but softened considerably when he told her that, beginning tomorrow, he would be staying home with Jessica. That night, she still slept all bundled up, but after what had happened, he was just glad that she hadn't moved into another room.

Within a week, she was back to her old bubbly self, but Darren was a wreck. Taking care of an infant was so far over his head he could barely see straight. She seemed to find amusement in all of his discoveries, but was careful not to chide him to much for fear that he would go back to work.

To show him how much she appreciated his effort, she arranged for one of the neighbors to watch Jessica one evening, dropping her off while Darren showered away the day's grime. When he came out of the bathroom he found her spread out on the bed, a finger deep in her pussy.

She was still a beautiful woman, a little less firm since childbirth, but sexy nonetheless. Her blonde hair fanned out around her head and her blue eyes were closed as she concentrated on arousing herself. Her mouth parted slightly she picked up her pace. Her back arched, bright pink nipples standing out in fleshy, jagged points as her excitement grew.

Between Jessica's birth and all the fighting, it had been a long time since they'd had sex, and Darren was more than ready to end the dry spell. He'd been masturbating regularly 2 or 3 times a day for months, but his hand made a poor substitute. Crawling between her legs he stuck his tongue in her already sopping pussy, tasting her as if for the first time. The liquid was tangy-sweet, a sure sign that she needed this as bad as he did. Licking and nibbling, he listened for the sounds of her impending orgasm, pulling away before she got too close. She smiled, grabbing her legs at the knees and spreading her legs impossibly wide; she knew what was coming.

Darren had a great cock. Sure, by definition all cocks were made for fucking, but if she hadn't known better she would have been certain that a woman had designed his. The head was thick and wide, in a classic mushroom shape that was wide enough to make her swallow hard when he entered, but not so wide that it hurt. The shaft just below the head was narrower, allowing it to slide in easily behind the head, and gradually widened to a base that was almost as thick as the head. It wasn't too long, maybe 6 or so inches, but it was so thick that usually, after they fucked, cum just oozed out of her because she couldn't quite get her legs closed. 

She bit down on her lip as the head pushed past her outer lips, moving thickly inside. She tried to raise her hips to meet him but he held her in place, teasing her as he inched in slowly, stopping to let his cock swell as he got more aroused. As he continued to move forward she balled her hands into tight little fists, beating the bed beside her in lust and arousal. When she finally felt his pelvis brush hers she wrapped her legs around his thighs, holding him in place for a minute as she savored the feel of him. As far as she was concerned, they could stay like this all night and she would be satisfied.

In response he pulled his cock out until only the head remained imbedded, then slowly inched back in. He took his time, using the pace to drive her wild. I desperation, she grabbed his hips and tried to coax him faster, force him to increase his tempo. He reached down and grabbed her slightly protruding clit between his thumb and forefinger, squeezing hard as he pumped faster. The stimulation was overwhelming; every muscle in her pussy grabbed at his cock, trying to hold it in place as her orgasm started. Almost in sync the first warm shots of cum splashed forcefully deep inside her, his cock no match for the tightness. Groaning, he collapsed on top of her as his balls emptied. They kissed deeply, still no words spoken, and then made love again. As if coming back to his senses, Darren shot bolt upright.

"Where's Jess?" he asked panicked. 

It dawned on him that the newborn had been quiet throughout both of their sessions.

"She's fine. She's next door at the Taylor's," she said, pulling him toward her for round three. "I thought we could use some 'us' time."

To Be Continued...