 Hello friends this Rohit form India.

I was studying in the 12th grade. We had a large group of friends that comprised of both boys as well as girls. Of the whole lot I was especially crazy about Subnam, for simply her presence made your dick go hickory dickory dock. A real Goddess of Venus carved out of the wildest dream of God Himself. I had seen her a few times in her other dresses, but nothing looked more beautiful on her then our school uniform. The white top and the colorful skirt particularly being just above her knees. 

She had beautiful long silky hairs that came down to her waist, around her shoulders and covered her small full breasts. She had this very sensual way of gently swaying of the few strands of hair, away from her eyes, back to her ear, in a gentle rhythm. Her eyes always seemed longing for a desire. A desire as mysterious as her bewitching smile. 

Beauty is an unsightly word to describe her. 

To make a long story short, this incident occurred on the day our school went for a picnic to Suraj kund in the heart of Haryana. It was mid December and the ambiance was rather pleasant for a humid city like Delhi. The morning air had a spray of mist, which added to the charm and thrill of the picnic goers. 

We reached the park and did the usual stuff all school picnickers do. Played games had snacks etc. Later our group was taking a walk through the lush green bed of grass, simply chatting with each other. It soon happened that Subnam and I began talking on a different subject. We then decided to walk alone. We informed the group of our detour. There were obvious sound of whistles and wolf cries from them. 

Soon Subnam and me were walking alone towards the forest on the narrow jungle paths. My heart began to beat like a drum as we were now inside the dense forest, alone, she walking just inches of me. I would brush my hand with hers and then gaining courage I held her hand, softly. She too shifted near me and rested her head on my shoulder. I was now on cloud nine thousand nine hundred and ninety nine. 

I shifted my hand on to her shoulders and hugged her calmly. She too placed her hands around my waist. Her breasts just slightly touched me as we walked alongside. I felt my lips quiver at the mere thought of kissing her. 

The path we had taken led us to a brook flowing through the rocks. I guided her towards a tree and I could now sense a fear in her. The utmost fear of being taken over. 

I positioned her such as she would have the support of the tree. I stood in front of her. Her head tilted down, eyes closed and her breasts heaving up and down in pace with her heavy breathing. I could feel my heart popping out as I slowly removed her hair-band and gently began to stroke her hair. No words were spoken. Only the chirping of the birds and crinkle of the brook could be heard. 

I held her face in both my hands and turned it up towards me. Her eyes were still closed as her lips parted and her hands came to rest on my hips as I bent down and kissed her honey sweet lips. They were moist, soft, and tender. Her hands soon grabbed me from behind in tight embrace. I lifted up my head and looked at her. She quickly hid her face on my shoulder, her eyes evading my every glance. I held her from her back and tightened my grip on her, crushing her tender breasts hard on my chest. I could hear a soft sigh from inside her. 

I stroked her hair for a few moments; quite aware of the delicate situation she was in. I moved her away from me and again placed my lips on hers. This time it was a real passionate one. I could now feel her tongue with mine. Her hands slowly rising from my back to my head, her fingers running through my hairs. I was moving my hands all over her back. My hands moved down to her waists and as I grabbed her buttocks, her grip tightened on me. I slowly moved my hand upwards sliding through her hips, up her belly and then cupped her breast. It was a wonderful feeling. I could now feel her going weak in the legs. I supported her from her back as I began squashing her small full breast. She broke free of my lips and began to push me away from her. 

But only for a moment, as I quickly held her hand and pulled her towards me, grabbing her and kissing her fervently. She too submitted herself completely to me and again held me firmly. Things began to cool down a bit as I let her lips go. She stood there, her eyes gazing at me. The desire was no longer a mystery to the both of us. 

I again gently began to stroke her hairs and kissed her softly, pecking occasionally on her lips. My hands moved down on to her breasts, rubbing them softly. I enjoyed her breasts for a few moments and then she began to tremble as my hands moved to undo the first button of her top. My hands moved down to undo the second and then the third. She rested her head on my shoulder and now I could catch a glimpse of her breast covered in all its glory by her white brassiere. I placed my hands inside her top and onto her breast. I slid my fingers into the cup of the bra and felt her breast in flesh. I reached for her nipple and soon my fingers were caressing it. It was small and soft but it was soon growing hard as she now began to moan and move her head feverishly. 

I slid of the strap of her brassiere from over her shoulder totally exposing her small full breast. It was well shaped and round with her nipple jutting out in perfect proportion. I kissed her on her lips and then my tongue rolled down her neck, onto her breast grabbing her nipple in my mouth. I began to suck it slowly at first and then gently increasing it as her sexuality began to rise at her peak. I sucked it hard until it was swollen red. She was now like a bitch on heat, her pelvic thrusting on my dick. As I sucked her hard my hand freed her other breast of her brassiere and began to maul her. She arched backwards enjoying every moment of my licking and caressing of her breasts. I was enjoying her with as much vigor as I can. 

My hands reached her back and unhooked her bra, completely stripping it of her body. Her breasts were fully exposed to me except for her top. I tugged it out of her skirt and undid the remaining two buttons. She was now exposed from her front. I never removed her top completely and to be honest it was more fun that way than I had some bangs latter on with other girls completely nude. 

I embraced her from inside her top feeling her naked breasts on me. She then undid my shirt and hugged me. Her breasts were now crushed to my naked chest. I could feel the contour of her well-shaped breasts as well as the soft touch of her small nipples. My hand went straight through her hairs as we again cuddled each other in a feverish kiss. My hand began to grope her breast for a moment and then it began to slide down over her belly. I found her navel and I teased her there for some time. I slithered down to the most sensitive part of a virgin girl from the top of her skirt. Barely had my fingers been inside her skirt her hand came flying out of nowhere and grabbed my hand. "No." she said in her soft and sensual voice. 

I forced my hand into her skirt. "No, please no." she tightened her grip on me. "Please Subnam. Don't stop me now." I tightened my grip on her from her back. "No." she again pleaded, calmly and rested her head on me. 

I could feel her melt now. I was not supposed to miss this opportunity and so my hand began to slide down. This time she held her grip but soon let go of me. My fingers reached her panty and as I further moved down I could feel her soft pubic hairs with which I played for some time and then as my fingers went further down a shudder ran through her as my fingers ran over her moist clits. 

A subtle groan came through within her as I inserted my middle finger into her. It was dripping wet. She jerked her body and began to moan like an animal. I took her hand and placed it on my trousers, over my dick. It was by now hard as a rock. She unzipped me and it sprang out like an angry lion. She grabbed it in her delicate hand, her soft fingers encircling it. 

"Oh, my God! It's so hot." she blushed. "Then quench its fire with your nectar of love." I replied cunningly. "Oh, God! No. Please! No." she pleaded. 

I lightly pressed her clitoris and then she was at it again. She slowly began to move my dick back and forth her thumb caressing the tip of my penis' head. We fondled each other for quite sometime and then I told her to take me in her mouth. She repulsed but after coxing a few times she went down on her knees. She unhooked my trousers and released my penis from my u-wear. Her lips parted as she moved forward to take my penis in her mouth. I could feel her small teeth and her tongue wriggling me. She now began to enjoy it. "Suck me Subnam." I said. 

Subnam never knew that her school trip would be so exciting. She moved her head back and forth and began to suck at the same time. Her tongue was licking every part of me. She was now sucking my juices right out of my body. Her sucking created a kind of a vacuum in my prick and I could feel my juices about to rush out. I took out my penis from her mouth before I could ejaculate, as I wanted to do it deep inside her and not in her mouth. 

I laid her down on the grass. As usual her skirt was above the knee and it slid back as she lay down, one foot lying straight on the ground and the other raised a little, exposing her thighs. I placed my hand over her knee and then slowly moved down to her thighs. I held her panty and tried to remove it. To my amazement she actually helped me get of her panty by shifting on her sides. I removed her panty from her legs and threw it aside. My hand soon grabbed her knee of the raised foot and began to slide down. 

I pulled up the hem of her skirt right up to her waist. Her pussy now lay bared to me, cradled in the nest of her golden brown pubic hairs. Lying there waiting for me to discover it. I kissed her on her thighs and my tongue soon began to explore the clandestine parts of her. I could now smell her feminist odor. My tongue then began to graze on her clits. She grabbed me by my hairs and began to push me, deep inside her. My tongue ravaged the insides of her pussy and I began to taste hungrily at her juices. "Shittt!" she exclaimed as both her legs began to curl up in position. 

She pushed me more inside and I almost suffocated. My mouth was inside her, my tongue dwelling inside tasting her fluid and stroking what could certainly have been her G-spot. I pushed myself up on her belly and my tongue began to play with her navel. She had her hands over my back imploring me to get back to her wet orifice. Instead I got down to my side and pushed down my trouser down over my knees. "You really don't mean to put that thing into me, do you?" she asked rather coyly. "Yes honey, and you and I are going to enjoy every bit of it." I replied. "Jesus!!! Save me." she moaned and closed her eyes even before I was on top of her. 

"Don't worry Subnam, it will be all pleasurable." I assured my Subnam, gently running my fingers through her hair. I was now going to fuck this little virgin. "Nooohh!!!" she cried. 

I positioned myself on top of her, my dick lying on her wet pussy. All through this time I was gently stroking her hair to pacify her of her maiden pain. She bit her lip as my dick touched her clits and parted them. Her hands came over my hips as I slowly entered into her. 

"Ohhh!!! You are so tight." I said as I gave a bit more force. Her body arched and she threw back her head lifting up her chest. I took her nipple in my mouth and began to suck it hard. I then slowly pushed my hips, my head almost inside her. 

"Unnnhh!!! Nooo." she yelped. 

I had never again met a pussy so tight as Subnam. I could feel my dick burn as I entered further into her. The head was now fully inside her and now I could feel a barrier blocking my way to paradise. It was her fragile barrier of shame, guilt, and maidenhood. I kept stroking her hair as I interchanged her nipples and occasionally kept kissing her. I made a strong move and forced my penis deep into her. She began to wriggle like a snake trying desperately to escape from the eagle's claws. 

"No, please Rums, no. It hurts, please." she began to plead. Her pleading only made me hornier as I again thrust my penis deep into her. She began to shout and moan in pain. I placed my hand under her shoulder and grabbed her breast with the other. My mouth went over hers and I again thrust my penis into her. This time she threw her head back and yelped. "Aaaaagggh!" I had shattered her hymen. 

I again grabbed her mouth with mine and continued mauling her breasts. Her hands came over my back with a burning sensation for she was now nailing my back and biting my lips. I entered deep into her as her paws encircled my back, guiding me inside her. She was very tight and I enjoyed every bit of her. My prick began to thrust inside her, back and forth, first slowly and then vigorously. She too began to move her hips along with me. She was having an orgasm. I licked her face, her ears, and her nipples and then I felt a storm brewing inside me. We both held each other tightly as I made my final force inside her pussy. Moments later I ejaculated deep inside her. She began to loose grip on me and lay down on the grass. I kissed her forehead as I removed my penis. It had trickles of blood as well as her fluid on it. A few amount of blood began to drip out of her now deflowered vagina. I felt myself lucky to deflower a virgin like Subnam. 

We then got dressed in a hurry and as a final adieu to this wonderful moment; we hugged and kissed each other for a long time. We trailed our way back to the bus hugging each other. The two of us enjoyed a lot such pleasurable sessions in the years to come. Today she is happily married with two kids and we still see each other, some times, at the Park. She alone knows of all my secret affairs and my rendezvous with other girls. Her husband is a very good friend of mine now, quite obviously unaware that I was the one who first had his Subnam (Nectar or Flower first drop) and is still having her. 

And to all those who skipped their heart beat while reading this, you are my own true dear friends. But please ignore if you find some grammar mistake, since it is my first attempt to write a story but not least there are more to come.

to be continued...