 Somewhere between 25 and 37 my life had taken a drastic change. It happened slowly and almost without notice. As I thought back of how I used to enjoy going out on the town, dressing sexy and taking spontaneous last minute trips with my husband for a weekend of raw unbridled sex I now was settled in as a suburban wife and ‘soccer mom’.

I still looked good, so I think standing at 5’5” weighing 120 lbs. with my hair at my shoulder with a light perm and its natural dark blonde, my tits were still firm and perky albeit an A cup and my butt still was firm and defined. I kept my pussy trimmed neatly so that I could still wear a small pair of panties or a bikini bottom without hanging out.

My husband had risen up the corporate ladder and was now a senior VP in a large IT firm and spent most his time working to provide for his family and give us the finer things in life. I had three kids aged 16, 14 and 11 who all had busy schedules which required me to spend most my time shuttling them from activities or attending various functions. My only time alone was while they were in school during the day. My husband Ron usually ended up working late and not getting home until after 8 PM and then spending time in his home office in front of his computer. 

Sex had become something of a memory for us. By the time we normally got into bed it was after 11:30 and then we had to be up by 5 to begin a new day. Even Saturday’s were frantic and busy. We still did have sex occasionally but we had gone from 2 or 3 times a week to 2 times a month on a good month. I am not complaining, I have a good life but passion was gone.

I had started volunteering at a local hospital two times a week to give me an opportunity to feel like I was doing something other than being just Mom. I enjoyed the time out and the opportunity of getting out and realizing my individuality for the first time in many years. There was a maintenance man at the hospital named Tim. He was 23 years old and had a great body. For some reason he had made it a point to talk and flirt with me on my days at the hospital, we even shared lunch a few times. The flirtation really helped my self-esteem and made me feel attractive – a feeling I had not experienced in many years. I guess I acted a little giddy around him. All very innocent so I thought. 

One particular Thursday morning I had got up, fixed breakfast, got everybody up and dressed and ready for their day before doing the dishes and straightening the house. Around 10 I went in and took a shower and as I was getting out of the shower I heard the doorbell ring. Probably a delivery for Ron or one of the kids I thought as I finished drying off and wrapped a robe around myself. As I opened the door ready to grab a package I was surprised to see Tim standing at the door. He looked fabulous clad in a pair of athletic shorts and a tank top revealing his strong muscle bound body. 

I was a little embarrassed standing only in my robe in front of the open door and tried to step behind the door as I greeted him. “Good morning Tim, is something wrong?” I asked him.

“No ma’am I had the day off and happened to be in your neighborhood and thought I may come over and look at that leaky bathroom faucet you told me about, to see if I could help you out. I hope I’m not imposing” He replied.

“NO!” I blurted out “I forgot all about that, I wasn’t expecting you. This is a surprise, do you want to come in?” I asked. I had forgot all about telling him about the bathroom vanity sink leaking and how I had wished I had someone young and strong like him to fix it for me. I was more making small talk than asking him to repair it for me.

I retied my white terry cloth robe that fell mid thigh as Tim said “Sure, just show me the leaking culprit and I will get it tightened up for you. I run my own little business ‘MILF Fix It’ but this one is on the house for you.” Time walked in as I shut the door behind him.

“MILF Fix It, that’s a strange name” I said as I led Tim back to the master bathroom. “You will have to excuse me, I just got out of the shower when you rang and didn’t have time to get dressed yet, I don’t get much company.” I said trying to make small talk. 

As we entered the bathroom I went tot he vanity as Tim chatted away “That’s no problem ma’am, I should have called first. You look great in that robe; you’re a beautiful women. Beautiful and intelligent – that’s something I don’t see in women my age much, I wish I could find a girl like you for myself ma’am.”

Oh Tim knew the right words to say to get me to blush and feel young, vibrant and attractive. I felt the butterflies in my stomach from his flirting that I had not felt in many years. “Oh I am sure you will not have a problem finding the perfect women for you Tim, you’re a good looking man and very polite – a trait most do not have these days.”

“Thank You ma’am, which faucet is giving you the trouble here?” he asked.

“It’s this one over here, I bet I spend an extra $10 a month on wasted water, it’s been leaking for at least the last year or more.” I said as I walked over to the vanity. As I walked over to the vanity I tripped over a shoe lying in the floor. “OUCH!” I cried out catching myself.

“Are you all right?” Tim asked with concern.

“Oh I’ll be all right, I just twisted my ankle on that stupid shoe.” I told him standing in front of the sink looking at Tim in the mirror with his muscles bulging. I hoped he didn’t notice my gaze. I turned on the faucet and then turned it back off leaving it to dribble as I tightened the handle. 

“That will be fast and easy to fix, let me look at your ankle for you” Tim replied “I actually studied to be a doctor in school but had to leave and go into maintenance.”

“A man of many talents” I said back to Tim, the pain had actually only been momentary and was gone, but for some unknown reason the prospect of Tim looking at my ankle and maybe even complementing my legs had me intrigued. “I don’t want to bother you Tim, I am sure it is just a sprain and will be fine.” I continued.

“No problem, sports medicine and sprains are actually my specialty. Just sit over there on the corner of the bed and let me have a quick look here and then I’ll get that leak for you. MILF men aim to please” Tim said with a sinister smile.

MILF – that name what did it stand for I wondered. “Ok, if you insist.” I said as I walked over to the bed and sat on the end.

Tim stood in front of me and reached down and picked up my foot in his strong muscular hand. He looked at my foot and my lower leg as he raised my leg up. I felt a little embarrassed as Tim lifted my leg up parting my robe. I wondered if he could see anything. I was glad I had taken the time to shave my legs this morning. “Hmmm, sprains can be bad, it’s important to get the blood circulation returned to the muscles as quickly as possible and keep it elevated or you can really have serious problems. You sure don’t want to get a blood clot.” Tim said as he began rubbing my ankle deeply. His warm hands felt good, as did his manipulation of my muscles.

Tim’s explanation sounded good to me and his touch seemed almost magic. “If you say so, I guess you’re the expert.” I said to Tim. I tried to tuck my robe between my legs as Tim worked on my ankle.

“I have a lot of experience with this sort of injury ma’am, it’s important to rub it out and restore the blood flow to the leg. Scoot up a little and lay back and I will work it out for you.” 

I moved back up the bed and lay down on my back as Tim took my feet and put them up on his chest rubbing my feet and calf area of my right leg. It felt wonderful and I closed my eyes enjoying the sensations Tim was giving me. “Just relax and let me work this up your leg and out. You have fantastic legs, I promise it will not hurt.” Tim said in a calm and professional manner. 

I felt my robe fall from my thighs and a wisp of cool air hit my pussy. I wondered if I was exposed but could not tell exactly what Tim could see as he worked his masterful hands on my legs moving up to my knees and back down to my toes. I took a deep breath “That really feels good Tim, if your half as good with the plumbing as you are at this my pipes will be in great shape.” I felt a little tinge of guilt as I lay on my bed with a strange man moving and manipulating my legs on my almost naked body. It had been almost a month since Ron and I had had any physical contact and I began to feel a bit aroused. Foolishness I thought to myself, Tim was in medical school after all. I wanted to tell him to stop but couldn’t.

“Don’t worry about your pipes ma’am, I will clean them out for you good. Now, just lay back and let me work your muscles. Relax!”

I didn’t have to be told to relax; I was almost in a state of euphoria as Tim worked his strong hands up my legs mid thigh and then back down. His touch seemed almost magical and I melted in his strong hands and magnetic persona. My mind drifted and Tim continued his masterful stroking.

Tim began talking softly, almost in a whisper “That’s it just relax, breath in deeply, you are an incredibly beautiful and erotic women. Your legs are those of a movie star or model, you turn heads where ever you go, men lust for you, and such strong defined muscular legs. Relax, Breath.”

His words put me into almost a daze; I felt butterflies in my stomach like a high school - schoolgirl kissed for the first time. My freshly trimmed pussy was becoming wet and my lips engorged by both the words and feel Tim was giving me. I felt him untie my robe and move his hands up my legs to my waist moving my robe to a fully fallen open position. I was to excited to protest. A small tinge of guilt in the back of my mind was quickly replaced by thoughts of Tim’s strong athletic body. 

Tim moved me up in the bed resting my head on my pillow as he turned me onto my stomach and slipped the robe from my body leaving me totally naked and exposed in front of him. Still whispering softly enticing me further. Rubbing my shoulders, neck, back, butt and legs with his strong skilled hands. Tim got up on the bed straddling my body. I felt him sit on my butt and could feel his cock nestle between the crevice between my cheeks as he reached up and deeply rubbed my back working his way down to my hips and then repeating the motion. I didn’t realize he had removed his own clothing but he was obviously nude too. His cock was hard against my soft flesh; It felt like it had to be twice the size of any cock I had ever seen. 

“You have an incredibly hard, sexy butt, you are so hot, I want you so bad, I want to make you feel out of this world, totally filled and pleasured………” Tim continued whispering in my ear. I felt his hot breath on my neck and in my ear making the hair on the back of my neck stand out. Sending shivers down my spine. Tim moved down working on my butt for a time making me even hotter and wetter before moving down my legs and to my feet.

Tim turned me back over onto my back and when I opened my eyes he was straddling me with his rock hard cock inches from my face. His cock was magnificent, standing straight out and up, rock hard just like his rock hard chiseled body. Without thinking I took him into my mouth. He had to be at least 8” and thick. I worked my tongue around the bulbous head of his beautiful cock. Tim stroked my hair and face as I took more and more of him in. “That’s it baby, take the MILF man in your hot steamy mouth.” Tim said more determined as he rocked in and out of my mouth. It had been a long time since I had seen a cock, Ron and I when we did have sex usually got under the covers in the dark and undressed in the dark. I forgot how wonderful a hard cock was.

I thought I would gag as I felt Tim push his cock into my throat and then withdraw. I could taste his musky scent and his pre-cum as I did my best to satisfy this hot hard hunk. I wanted to hear him tell me how good I was, what a great talented lover I was. How I was the best he ever had. I had abandoned all thoughts of guilt and now only wanted to have Tim take me. I felt Tim’s first hard hot thick shot of steamy cum hit the back of my throat as I sucked and licked on his massive cock in my mouth. He shot several hard shots down my throat before pulling out and covering my face with the rest of his white seed. 

I felt naughty and dirty as I felt his cum blast into my face and run down my cheeks and chin. I had never allowed Ron to cum in my mouth or on my face. I always thought that was something only bad girls did. But I felt invigorated as Tim talked dirty to me “Take my cum my little slut, that’s it swallow and take it on your face.” Tim’s tone of voice and dirty talk sent quivers through my pussy, which was on fire.

As Tim finished he stuck his cum covered cock back into my mouth as it softened and then got hard again. Before long he was back to full strength. He pulled out of my mouth and moved off me pulling me up and placing me on my hands and knees as he knelt behind me rubbing his hard cock up and down the crack of my butt. “What a fine piece of ass you have, tell me how bad you want my cock buried up your pussy and ass. Tell me how you want me to fuck you until you pass out like the fuck slut you are.” Tim said to me in his demanding tone.

I had never been talked to in this way or called the things he called me, I had never had anything but my doctors finger in my ass, but the thought drove me wild and without thinking I began telling Tim how I wanted him to use me.

“Oh please stick your hard cock in my ass and in my pussy Tim, I want you so bad, I want you to use your little fuck toy, cum in me and cover me with your hot sticky cum, I am your slut, your fuck slut……” I pleaded with Tim.

Tim slapped my butt a few times briskly before burying his rock hard cock into my sopping wet pussy until his massive heavy ball sack slapped up against my clit. He alternated between slapping my cheeks and sticking his finger up my butt as he drove into me so hard my head hit the headboard with each time he drove into me. I had never been fucked so hard and in just a few strokes I began to ride my own climax that I thought would never end.

I could feel the heat rise from my butt as Tim rocked me driving in and out of me wildly and hard. I could feel two or three fingers up my butt to his knuckles, as he would pull them out and smack me before pushing them back in. My first climax subsided and then immediately I had my second. My whole body shook and my head spun as the hardest orgasm I ever had rocked my body and my pussy flooded with juice. I felt Tim shoot several shots of hot cum deep into my womb before pulling out and covering my back and butt with his sticky seed.

I thought he was done. I had never had multiple orgasms before and Ron had never been able to go more than once. Ron laid me down onto my stomach and used his fingers to rub his load into my virgin butt. I couldn’t believe when I felt his still rock hard cock push up against my tight muscular hole, I resisted for a minute and he continued to push before the head of his wonderful cock popped onto me. I felt a rush of pain from the size of his cock invading me. He set still for several minutes letting me adjust to the feeling before pushing himself inside me all the way to his balls. 

Within a few minutes Tim was talking dirty to me again. “Yes, tell me how you want my cock up your ass, tell me how bad you want a bath in my cum.” He was fucking me so hard that I was bouncing off the mattress and the mattress was scooting off the box spring. The pain subsided and I now felt a fullness and pleasure that I had never experienced as Tim hit places I never felt before.

“Fuck your slut whore, use my ass, stick your hard cock up my ass and cum in me you bastard.” I cried out in ecstasy as I rode through my fourth climax. Every inch of my body was tingling and on fire. I was moaning and growling and screaming in pure lust and ecstasy. I hope the neighbors were all at work because I know they could have heard me blocks away.

Tim hollered and talked dirty to me the whole time telling me how I was his fuck toy and cum slut. He fucked my butt for at least 20 minutes before blowing his third load of the day leaving a load up my bowels and my back and cheeks covered. I lost count of my own orgasms and had soaked the sheets of our bed. I was exhausted and ready to pass out as Tim rolled me over and straddled my face telling me to clean him up as he pushed his dirty cock into my hot willing mouth. He played with my tits and nipples pinching them and twisting them as I cleaned every inch of his wonderful massive cock and huge heavy ball sack.

Tim got up and told me “You are the best fuck I have ever had, you are one hot MILF. I can’t wait to come back and clean out your pipes again. I don’t have time to look at the sink today, but I will come back on Monday.” With that he dressed and left. 

I lay in our mixed puddle in the bed covered with cum, the room smelling of sex. I wondered what a MILF was, I wonder if I check the internet if I could find anything, I thought as I drifted off.