 We had a session of Karezza last night. We began sitting on the bed holding hands and came together for gentle kissing, with our mouths beginning to open, feeling a flicking touch of our tongues. As our mouths opened and worked together we both felt a tightening of the tiny muscle groups between the genitals and the rectum. Our mouths held on to the kiss while we carefully undressed one another. The muscle tightening spread to full tumescence, our genitals swelling slightly as they engorged. Still holding the kiss I gently ran the tips of my fingers over her breasts while she ran hers over my abdomen, occasionally touching the head of my penis. Our tongues moved feverishly while our fingertips worked very gently. Her fingertips moved lower, stroking the shaft, now hardened and expanded to nearly maximum size and continued down to brush the top of my swollen testicles. I took this signal and stroked lower, lightly grazing, repeatedly, the thick hair on her pudendum and the finer hairs on her labia. I gently moved the hairs aside and touched the inner lips, now extremely soft and wet. We held the kissing and slowed to a deliberate pace as she spread her legs. I rolled atop and the head of my penis moved practically under its own will into the opening. She was so wet that it went in easily, with one or two short gentle strokes to spread the lubricating moisture. We shifted our bodies to a hug as I pushed my penis in slowly and deeply. We were barely moving now, so that through our coupled organs we were able to feel our heartbeats and small erratic muscular spasms. We were now ready to begin the Karezza.

Our bodies continued the rising excitement of the connecting. This is a gentle, careful coupling and we want it to last a long time, several hours if we can. It was important at this point to slow the pace down to a gentle tension that would let ecstatic waves sweep over us, alternately swelling and relaxing our organs and releasing fluids. My penis had hardened to maximum size, and reached deep into her. Her body responded with an equal tumescence of her vagina, her labia and her breasts. Our hug tightened. We had never separated our mouths, but our total attention was now focused on the conjunction of our primary organs. We had risen to a state of total bliss and headed higher. It was time for the first relaxation.

I eased the clutch of my hug and began to manipulate my tongue in her mouth. She shuddered and a ripple coursed through her vagina. Then she ran her tongue under my lower lip in response to my own thrust. We responded to each other in turn, having a slow, silent conversation. The excitement caused the muscles in my chest to twitch close to where her breasts pressed against me. We kissed harder and closer and a little faster, then a little slower. Our genitals relaxed off the peak we had attained following the first insertion. 

It was a dreamy relaxation, so very, very comfortable. I was half hard and she was so wet and receptive. Our mouths still connected, but we had eased off working our tongues, and just touched and played a little. Our hug both relaxed and encircled us warmly. We lay there very quietly, practically on the edge of sleep. 

Still, I remained semi-erect, feeling the soft squeeze of her vagina. It was such a delicious feeling, and I moved in and out very slightly, under muscle control rather than through motion of my back. She answered my motion with gentle pulsing of her uterine muscles, and lifted her knees slightly drawing me deeper in. The motion escalated as she raised her knees a little higher. The motion caused the skin on my scrotum to tighten and what felt like all of my blood flowed back into my penis, bringing it back to its full hard state. She lowered her legs and hooked her heels on the back of my calves, spreading herself and drawing me into her. I became harder and went in deeper. She tensed and a felt a flash of heat flow onto my penis, while she bit my tongue, tightened her vagina and release a rush of hot wetness. Without realizing it our hug had tightened and our nipples had stiffened. We pulled into each other, taught as bowstrings, held it for some time and then relaxed together, still remaining connected, she swollen and I slightly erect. I was sufficiently hard remain inside without falling out of that wonderful wet sheath.

We were there! This was the way it should be going, up to the heights of excitement and down into the valleys of pleasure. We lay quietly, never releasing the connection of our mouths or our genitals, waiting for the next rise of excitement. And it came, with its tension and blast of vaginal fire and involuntary quivering of the lower abdominal muscles and warm wetness. And the relaxation of the tightness, drifting off into beatitude. 

As we lay there in our serenity, we picked up the silent conversation, not through our tongues but through the shaft and vulva, signaling with minute muscular contractions. The conversation spoke of friendship and ecstasy and of a timeless connection. As we continued, our tongues and hands joined in with touches and licks and squeezes, first softly and gently, then more fervent. The pace of the communication picked up and new blood wafted back to our genitals. The tension at the plexus elevated. There was a moment of hesitation, remembering that we were seeking multiple repeated cycles of excitation and repose, and needed to control the fierce hunger for consummation.

But the hesitancy was brief, and all control was forgotten. The communication - tonguing, clutching, thrusting - became a cacophony. Our lower back muscles tightened, then loosened then tightened again. We thrust against each other with increasing speed and strength. We broke the kiss to draw breath. "Fuck me! Fuck me!", she screamed. "Yes, yes, YES!", I answered with hard, long, deep drives. I raised my butt to push harder and deeper. She swung her legs up and locked her ankles behind my back, propelling her pelvis from her shoulder blades. I tried to hold myself back and let her cum but it was impossible. We were moving hard with total, individual determination, roaring on to our climax.

My scrotum went totally tight. I exploded. I felt the semen spurt from my prostate. I came and came, pouring my juices into her. And she was someplace else, receiving me but not connected with me. As I continued to spurt, her muscles clutched me harder and harder, then spasmed. Four, five, six, I don't know how many times her vagina wrung my swollen rod, with hot spurts of her own. We held it for some seconds, then collapsed into a heap. Two bodies, hearts beating wildly, soaked in a pool of sweat and ejaculate.

The heartbeat tempo slowly subsided as we lay there, and the blood ebbed from our shriveling organs. After a long while, the wet, once so hot, cooled. We rested, lying close, satiated, but no longer connected. Had we failed at Karezza, letting stark desire fire our wild copulation, or had we succeeded, carefully arousing ourselves to unprecedented emotional excitement?