 The subway was packed and full of hot, sweaty bodies. It was the middle of summer and the middle of rush hour, and I was regretting my decision not to just walk home.

I was wearing a short cotton skirt and a light tshirt with sandals in the hopes of relieving some of the incredible temperatures, but all it did was make the white shirt practically invisible when I was sweating (like now) and making my skirt stick to my ass, under the same circumstances.

The occasional attempt at air conditioning was hitting my shoulder and neck, and that was the only thing keeping me sane... and it was also making my nipples stand out as I shivered. The businessman wedged in front of me kept looking down my top, and I had a feeling he was sweating for more reason than just the suit he wore.

We got to Union station and even more people tried to crowd onto the subway, even as others left. The businessman and I found ourselves crushed even closer together, and there was no way he could help noticing my nipples any more than I could help noticing his half hard cock. We looked at each other and chuckled in embarassment, and I shifted a bit in an attempt to separate us. All this did, though, was brush my breasts into him even more, causing my hard nipples to get even more excited, this time with arousal.

It also managed to squirm my ass against the skater boy behind me... though he didn't mind in the least. In fact, he moved his skateboard out of the way a bit to get more contact, and managed to bring my skirt up and out of the way with it.

The two men grinned at each other over my shoulder as the boy looked at my ass and the businessman reached around me and cupped it. Because of the heat I wasn't wearing any panties, and it wasn't just sweat that was dripping down my thighs now.

I bit my lip and looked around the packed car, but no one seemed to be watching us. They were all in their own heat-induced hazes, just waiting until their stop came so that they could escape into the glorious fresh air once more. The skater boy took the opportunity of more people boarding the train to push his hips right against my ass, pressing the businessman's hand into me harder and bringing his own hand around to the front to feel the soft skin of my shaved pussy. I sighed and closed my eyes, pressing my breasts against the businessman again, and moving them back and forth to feel the electric sparks in my nipples.

My lips parted as I felt the boy's fingers dip into my pussy and slide down my wet slit to my hole. The businessman, meanwhile, placed my hand on his zipper and I didn't protest at all when he used my hand to stroke is now fully-hard cock. I parted my legs as best I could so that the boy could get his fingers into me, and this allowed the businessman to run his own fingers up and down the crack of my ass, my sweat lubricating me so that he was able to get the tip of his finger into me without any difficulty.

My eyes went wide when I felt him start and he leaned down to whisper in my ear "that's a gorgeous ass you have there, you little slut, it'd be a shame not to fuck it."

I moaned and nodded, relaxing as I felt his finger slide into my ass and start to pump. The boy was now fucking me with two fingers, and I looked over my shoulder at him as he grinned and reached a hand up to cup my breast. He pinched and pulled the nipple until I thought I'd go insane, and then he brought his hand up underneath and squeezed my bare tit in his hand. I suddenly found myself trying to remain completely silent in the midst of a powerful orgasm.

The businessman leaned forward and whispered in my ear again, "mmmm that's right... cum like a good little slut. Cum while we watch you and fill you up."

The boy brought his fingers out of my pussy and up to my lips and I licked them clean while I stared into the businessman's eyes. My knees were weak and the heat and the orgasm were making me want nothing more than to sleep.

"Eglinton," announced the driver, and I hurried off the train, looking back over my shoulder at the men who had given me such great pleasure. I wondered if they'd be there tomorrow.

PART TWO

I didn't dare hope that I'd see the man and boy again, but nevertheless I dressed for it. I admit I was terribly excited by the prospect of being used and pleasured anonymously in a crowd, and I wanted it to happen again. I hadn't been able to stop touching myself in the intervening hours. I had to have more.

I rushed down the steps of the subway to the platform where the businessman and I had entered the train the day before. My bouncing on the steps made my pleated skirt fly up a bit, and I wondered in passing if anyone could tell that I wasn't wearing panties. My breasts jostled more than usual in my button-down top, and they nearly came right out of my demi-cup bra. I wanted them to be able to touch me everywhere.

I came to an abrupt stop at the bottom of the stairs. The businessman was standing there, waiting for me, watching me descend with a smirk on his face. I was breathing quickly due to more than just my rushing to meet him. I took a deep breath and bit my lip as I slowly walked towards him, and he looked me up and down with a lascivious glint in his eye, noting my short skirt and hard nipples. I stood beside him as the train pulled in and he whispered in me ear, "That's a very nice outfit, slut. I see you dressed to play, today." I shivered and nodded, then boarded the train with him behind me.

We were in the end of the car, me facing the door to the next car and him right up behind me. I moved to turn around, but his hand on my hip kept my back to him. He whispered again, "You liked it yesterday, didn't you, slut? You want more?" I nodded and moaned and his hand crept down my hip to the hem of my short skirt, pulling it up, slightly.

I placed my hand on top of his, bringing it higher and inward on my thigh until it was right below my dripping pussy. I bit my lip and closed my eyes, hearing his breath in my ear, feeling his hard cock against my ass, wanting him to touch me like he had the day before.

His other hand came around my body and began unbuttoning my blouse. My eyes opened and looked into the other car where a woman was watching us through the window. She was only a few feet away from us and could see everything, but she could do nothing because of the glass. Her mouth opened in shock when my breasts came into view and her eyes widened when my bra was pulled down and my nipple pinched. I arched my back and watched her watching me as the businessman whose name I still didn't know began to pull and twist and abuse my poor nipple until I could barely stay standing. Only his hand on my thigh, gripping me so tightly I was sure to have bruises, was keeping me upright.

He must have seen her watching because he whispered, "Look my new little fucktoy, there's another slut right there watching us. I think she likes you. Why don't you show her your pretty little pussy?" I hesitated, unsure of myself for a moment and his hands tightened even more on my thigh and my breast.

I gasped and the man sitting next to us turned, then did a double take. I kept my eyes forward, not wanting to lose my courage, and slowly reached down and lifted the hem of my skirt until the woman could clearly see his hand and just where it was. "Higher" he said, and I lifted it so she could see my bare pussy. "More, slut, all the way up," he ordered, and I tucked it into the waistband so she could see everything from my waist down. "mmmm... that's much better. Good girl."

And with that, he rewarded me with a finger sliding along my slit. I shuddered against him, already wanting to cum and he had barely started with me. He was rubbing his cock against my ass nice and hard, and I wanted to please him more, so I reached behind me and gave the back of my skirt the same treatment. He sucked in his breath quickly as my bare ass came into view, and his hand left my breast to fondle it. "God, you're a hot little slut" he said, and he squeezed my ass tight in his hand. I nodded and moaned.

The man beside us coughed in surprise at these newest developments, and I saw him surreptitiously adjust himself in his pants. I looked him in the eye and licked my lips, but then the businessman penetrated my ass with his finger and I was in my own world again. "You love it when I finger your naughty little ass, don't you, slut?" he growled in my ear. I nodded. "What was that?" he asked. I moaned a bit and then replied, "I love your finger in my ass and your hand on my cunt and your fingers squeezing my nipples... I love it all."

With that, he started to fuck my ass in earnest, rubbing my slit and pinching my clit between his fingers and the woman on the other side of the glass was breathing hard and the man beside us was rubbing his cock through his pants and it was all becoming too much for me.

"Cum, slut. Cum all over my fingers. I want you to cum for me." he said, and then I did. I surprised us all with the force of my orgasm. It wracked my body and I almost lost my balance. Thankfully, the train was just stopping and no one noticed my sudden clumsiness, but the moans were harder to disguise.

The business man removed his hands, wiping them on my skirt as he pulled it down. "Do up your blouse," he said, "we're getting off at the next stop."

PART THREE

I quickly got myself back into a presentable state and he grabbed my hand as I was working on the bottom two buttons of my blouse. My navel flashed into view as the businessman and I quickly exited the car, him dragging me in his eagerness to get me somewhere more private and me only moving slowly due to my high heels and the aftereffects of the orgasm that had just rocketed through my body.

On the way up the escalator, I stood two steps above him so that his hands could wander freely up and down my thighs. He lifted my skirt to allow him to see my pussy and inadvertantly (or on purpose?) flashed me to several people behind him on the stairs. When we reached the top, he immediately brought me around to the closest wall and kissed me so long and deep and hard that I quite forgot to breathe. I was still massively aroused from what we had just done and I just wanted him to take me, right then and there, but instead he grinned at me and gave me a quick swat on the ass.

"I know you're a slutty little exhibitionist, but I want to fuck you right, and that requires privacy. I plan to take my time, and I don't want to be interrupted." Between his devilish grin and his sexy eyes, I would have done pretty much anything he wanted, so I just nodded as I tried to catch my breath. He kept an appreciative watch on my chest as it heaved, and I'm sure I looked just like the slut he kept calling me, mussy and flushed and highly aroused.

I don't remember much of the walk to his apartment. His hand on the small of my back, gently lifting my skirt so that the bottoms of my ass cheeks were in view. His voice whispering in my ear all the deliciously sexy and naughty things he wanted to do with me. His scent filling my nostrils and clouding my head until all I could think of was how much I wanted him.

His apartment was in a fairly new condo complex in a cool part of town. I'd seen it many times but had never before known anyone who lived there. As we walked through the lobby, the doorman and the guard gave me appreciative looks and him the thumbs up. He just smiled and raised my skirt again in acknowledgement. I blushed a bit, but it was making me so hot the way that he kept displaying me in front of strangers. I could feel my wetness dampening my thighs once more.

We got into the elevator and he pressed the button for his floor and then immediately pushed me against the back wall and knelt in front of me, lifting up my skirt and draping my leg over his shoulder.

"God, I've been wanting so much to taste you," he moaned as he dove right in and slipped his tongue along my slit.

I gasped in shock and pleasure, unaccustomed to men doing such things to me, and my hands reflexively went to the top of his head and grabbed fistfuls of his hair. My back arched, and whimpers and squeals came unbidden from my throat as my hips ground against his face. He buried his tongue deep inside my hole and then wiggled it around somehow in a manner that made my knees buckle. Then, he licked his way up and suddenly began sucking and nibbling on my clit. When his teeth held it in place and his tongue moved back and forth across it, I suddenly screamed out something incomprehensible and covered his face in my creamy cum. He lapped at me happily for another minute or two before standing up and holding me steady. I kissed him and licked my juices from his face.

That's when the elevator doors opened, directly into his apartment.

***********

I haven't written any more to the story yet, but feel free to ask me (if you want me to write more), and I'll see what I can come up with :) 