 The subway was, as usual for 5:30 on a weekday, packed. Everyone had to be at home, now, and it didn’t matter if there wasn’t any room in this car or not.  And everyone felt they were entitled to more space than was really available.

	That was the attitude he could see in the woman that was squeezing into the car now.  She was wearing a black business suit, with small square glasses that seemed to hide piercing brown eyes.  The suit and the glasses seemed to give an air of confidence—cockiness, perhaps---that demanded a spot right next to him.

	Without a word she moved in between him and the wall of the car, and budged her arm up to grab hold of the railing.  At first he was a little upset she plowed her way in to such a small spot; and when she gave that smug condescending look over her shoulder at him, it just intensified his anger.

	But when the train jerked forward his anger quickly moved into embarrassment, for the movement of the train sent her backside into his crotch. He turned bright red and she looked back quickly and forcefully in annoyance. He muttered a “sorry,” and soon any frustration he felt was of a different kind.

	Soon the smells of a packed subway were replaced with her brown, curly hair, and soon the hand that was holding his briefcase wanted to hold something else.  Something that felt soft, but somehow firm against his crotch….something that seemed to stretch the fabric of the back of her skirt just right….the same something that just bumped into him again.

	Yet this time, she didn’t turn around.

	He was about to apologize again when the train jerked violently, and this time, he felt something different—this time, her ass seemed to push its way against his crotch deliberately.

	He could feel his cock getting hard underneath his slacks, and for a moment he feared someone would see his hard-on. Just as quickly he laughed at the fear, since the number of people pushed in here would prevent anyone from seeing anything.

	Soon he could feel the train slowing down for the next stop, and the pull of the train started to pull him forward.  She stood strong, didn’t move, and he leaned into her with a little more force.  His cock was fully hard now, and she was either going to stand there and invite it, or he could expect assault charges to be pressed within hours.

	She stood firm, and just before the train was about to stop, almost a split second before it could come to a complete halt, she pushed her ass back into his crotch and gave it a snug squeeze with her ass cheeks. It was almost enough to make him cum right then and there, but the commotion of new people getting on and others getting off the train made him gain his self-control.

	Suddenly, she dropped her bag and tried to bend over, as much as she could, to reach it. Her ass pressed up against his cock, and he swore she moved it from side to side quickly before she picked it back up.

	The train started back up again, and soon it was a game of one-upsmanship.  For each push that he could muster, she would give a squeeze back. For each hand that he “accidentally” moved to her waist and pulled her back into him, she “accidentally” stumbled back and her hand would graze his cock.  

Then the train began to slow again, and she bent down again. This time, however, she picked up her bag and appeared to be getting ready to leave.   

He coughed loudly, even moved a little to block her way to the door, anything he could think of to try and get her to stay.  She tried to move past him for a bit, and just when he was about to give in, she looked up at him.  He wanted to say something, to say “stay” or maybe just “please,” and was about to get the words out, when a small grin spread across her face and she slowly put her bag back down.  She nudged him back against the wall and pushed her ass against his cock and held it there.  As the train started to move again, she glanced back quickly.

	“If I’m going to miss my stop,” she whispered, “you better make me cum.”

	The train jerked up and her ass moved on him with force….this was different than before, as if before was a sort of flirting, a sort of playful introduction.  This was firm, deliberate, yet professional—no one, no matter how hard she squeezed his cock with her ass and with the hand that would travel back and stroke it against her skirt—could see them.  Each push, each pull, each jerk of the train translated into a harder rub against her ass…and soon, as hard as his cock was, he could feel her getting wet.

	And if he couldn’t feel it, he could sense it—especially when she pinned him up against the wall, put both of her hands on the railing above her, and used her weight to push into him.

	He pushed into her, rubbing his cock as forcefully as he could up against her, and her hips seemed to grind on it.  He could picture her, sitting at a desk and giving a million orders a day, every day, and all the while this dirty, naughty girl hidden underneath the suit and glasses.  This dirty girl that probably did all sorts of things that no one at work knew about…

	He couldn’t control himself then, and he moved a hand to her waist and started to firmly guide her up and down his shaft, and he could tell he was going to cum soon.  She too, was close, and he could tell by the way she started to move her head from side to side.  To anyone else on the train, it may have looked like she was looking for someone or something; to him, he imagined the screams she would be giving out if they were alone.

	He could feel his hips tightening, and she must have too---her ass started to clench and hold his cock like a vise.  Oh, how he could imagine things…her mouth holding his cock like that…her eyes looking up at him through those glasses….her pussy squeezing every inch of his cock like that…her ass……

	He felt it---he felt his cock release, and instantly he wanted to be alone with her, naked, in her bedroom and inside of her. She bounced quickly on his cock, holding it for a split second each time, and quickly with one more bounce, he could feel her squeeze and the muscles in her legs tighten.  Then, slowly, she began to relax….and she noticed that she lowered herself a little.  She had been standing on the tips of her toes for the last few minutes.

	Breathing heavily, he felt the train slowing down yet again.  He tried to compose himself as best he could, but she was straightening out her skirt and seemed to be in another world with the snap of her fingers.  Wiping the small beads of sweat of his forehead, he leaned in to say something although he wasn’t sure what.

	She solved that quickly as the train stopped.  She turned around for a brief second, looked him in the eye, and said,

	“See you Monday.”