 "Is there anything else I can help you with today?" she asked, smiling at me. I was lost in thought, fantasizing about this lovely bank teller in front of me. She was wearing a very attractive V-necked blouse that showed just the right amount of cleavage. Her hair was pulled back into a professional looking bun at the back of her head and I could make out the faintest whiff of a vanilla and lavender perfume. The sound of her voice brought me back to reality.

I smiled back at Anna and heard a voice in my head say, "Would you like to have lunch with me sometime? Maybe this Friday? Just say it; what's the harm?" 

"Well, actually..." I started to say, when suddenly, "Hey Anna! Can you double count this for me?" I turned and saw the next teller had a large stack of bills and needed a second set of eyes to review her work before she could complete her transaction. 

"No, I think that's it. Thanks, Anna." I replied without losing my smile. Our eyes met one last time before I turned away.

"Come back soon!" She called as I turned and waved. 

I left the bank that afternoon feeling a bit ridiculous, having lost the nerve to ask her out - again. A couple months ago I had started a new job that required semi-regular trips to the bank, and that's where I met Anna. She was a very friendly teller, with shoulder length brown hair, hazel eyes, and a welcoming smile. She always seemed to wear very provocative shirts that showed just enough cleavage without being unprofessional. When I needed to make my bank runs I found myself waiting in line until her window opened so we could share a few moments together. Invariably, we'd chat about our lives, me asking her how her classes at the community college were going, she asking me how I was liking my job so far. She masterfully worked in her personal charm without ever crossing the line. Oftentimes I wondered if she was that friendly with everyone or if she was really trying to flirt with me.

After a couple months at my new job I had a rather regular schedule. Tuesdays and Fridays were bank runs, and I always found myself looking forward to that part of my day. Just the couple minutes spent talking to Anna always lifted my spirit and got me through the rest of the day. I had made up my mind a little while ago to ask Anna out to lunch, but every time I got to her window there would be some sort of distraction or interruption, and I figured I would just bide my time until the moment felt right. 

So we continued our verbal dance for some time, weeks progressing into months, our flirting slowly becoming more overt. 

One fateful Friday, I missed a bank run; we were so busy, I barely had time to think about it. Later that evening I got a call from one of my friends asking me if I wanted to join him and a few others out that night. They were heading downtown to visit a few clubs, throw back a few drinks, dance with some pretty ladies and hopefully not go home alone. I wasn't in too much of a "going out" mood, but considering it had been a rather stressful week, I figured a few hours with drinks and good company might be a good way to start the weekend.

We started downtown at a smaller bar where it was rather quiet. We chatted about our work and sports, just relaxing and having a good time. Before too long it was time to move on, and we made our way over to one of the noisier dance clubs. The music was blaring the latest pop/techno mix and there was already a good crowd forming. 

My buddies and I walked in together, found a nice booth where the music was somewhat muffled and settled in to scope out the scenery. Since it was mid-July, the ladies were showing off more gorgeous skin this evening. I had just made my way up to the bar to order the next round of drinks when I felt a tap on my shoulder. 

"I missed you today!" I heard a feminine voice shout over the loud music. I turned to see my favorite bank teller, Anna, standing before me. She looked amazing, wearing a mini-skirt, knee high boots and a very flattering tank top that was revealing enough to get your imagination going, but not enough to show you everything. She wore her hair down and as her hand left my shoulder I caught that same whiff of perfume I had come to love her wearing. 

I broke into a mock frown and apologized, "We were so overworked today I didn't even get a lunch break!" I laughed, and I could see her smile warmly up at me. "How about I make it up to you. Can I buy you a drink?"

She nodded happily, "Cranberry Vodka, please!" 

I grinned and turned back to the bartender, ordering one more drink. I handed Anna hers and gathered the ones for my friends. 

"Looks like you need a couple extra hands," Anna said, reaching forward to help me with my load. She grabbed a few drinks and turned back, looking over her shoulder "Where to?"

"We've got a booth over in the back corner, a little quieter, but not by much!" I called out, hoping she heard me. I steered Anna back to my table where my friends were waiting. Two of them were in a fierce baseball debate about starting pitching rotations and whose team was positioned best to make a deep playoff run.

Anna passed the drinks she was carrying out and immediately the conversation froze. Each of my friends stopped what he was doing and gawked at Anna, for just the briefest moment, before trying to compose themselves. She turned back to me and smiled, appreciating the fact that the music wasn't quite so loud. I made introductions and my friends gladly shook Anna's hand in greeting. 

"Thanks for the drink," she said cheerily. She was sipping it slowly, looking up at me, and I could still see the smile in her eyes.

"You're welcome!" I responded with a grin. "So, what brings you out and about this evening?" 

"Oh, I'm with a few of my girlfriends tonight, just out having fun. I came over when I saw you at the bar; you owed me after bailing on me today!" She laughed and it felt great to be able to talk to her without the confines of her bank around us.

Just then the song changed and recognition spread across Anna's face. "I love this song!" she said excitedly. "Come dance with me?" She put on her best pouty face, so I smiled and nodded. She turned to put her drink on the table, took my hand in hers and started leading me out onto the dance floor. It was a fast song, with a decent rhythm, so I was able to follow along as Anna set a pretty good pace. We danced the entire song, and when the next one started she wouldn't let me leave the dance floor. "We're not done yet!" She cried out over the sound of the music.

I felt excited as the crowd moved in around us. For the next song Anna turned her back to me and slowly started backing up. I felt her shoulders hit my chest as she leaned back, then she started to grind her ass against my groin. The song started to pick up the pace, and I was forced to reach down and grab her hips so I didn't fall over. With the combination of alcohol, beautiful woman and fast music, I felt my erection start forming. With her insistent pressure I began to become quite aroused, and I could tell she could feel it as she glanced back over her shoulder and grinned at me. I felt her grind back especially into my erection, so with my hands on her hips for balance I started to grind back against her in time to the music. 

Just as the song was coming to an end, Anna turned around and looked up at me. In a quick movement she threw her arms around my neck and brought her lips up to meet mine. I felt her kiss me, and in a shocked moment I barely had time to kiss her back before she pulled away.

As the song finished she leaned up to my ear and whispered, "I've been fantasizing about your lips for so long now. I'm glad they're as soft as they look." I felt her body press against mine and suddenly, her hand was moving to the front of my pants, giving a friendly squeeze to the bulge she found there. "Well, to be honest, that's not all I've been fantasizing about!" she said with a grin, and winked. "And I'm glad to see not everything is soft!" She glanced up at me and I could see the fire in her eyes. I leaned in for another kiss, but she backed away.

"Not right now," she told me, as she started to edge away. "Why don't we get some fresh air?" I gripped her hand in acknowledgement as the next song began to thump loudly. I mimed over to my friends that I would be stepping outside and not to worry. They all waved in congratulations, letting me know the same way that I could call them if I needed anything.

Stepping outside, I could feel the soft July breeze blowing through downtown. It felt great and helped to clear my head as I looked down at Anna. She had a very contented look on her face. Before the silence became awkward, I spoke up.

"That was a little unexpected," I admitted, still holding her hand in mine. "Unexpected, but a very pleasant surprise. I hope my shock in there didn't give you the wrong impression?" 

She laughed as she looked up at me, "Not at all! I was just getting too worked up in there and needed some air to clear my head." She took a deep breath and exhaled slowly, leaning softly against my arm. We were walking down the street away from the club, Anna definitely leading me as we ambled along. "...where are we going?" I asked.

Anna smiled up at me, her eyes sparkling and reflecting the canopy of stars above us as we walked. "My apartment is just a few blocks away. I was hoping I could get you to come up?" 

I squeezed her hand and smiled down, "I think you could definitely convince me..." I trailed off, gazing ahead, seemingly nonchalant.

Anna caught my meaning quickly and responded by turning to face me and reaching to pull me down, throwing her lips against mine. I was expecting it this time, and kissed her back with abandon. We stood there for several moments, locked in a passionate embrace. Her fingers were combing through my hair as I hugged her fiercely against my body. 

She stepped back, eyes closed for the moment as we caught our breath. "Well...was that enough, or do you need more convincing?"

I gazed down hungrily at Anna, "Oh, I'm convinced! I just hope your apartment isn't too far away..." I replied. She turned and strode off at a determined pace and I had to jog a few steps to catch up. 

We got to her apartment and she led me in. It was dark as we got inside, and as soon as the door closed I pulled her back against my chest. Our lips met once more, the fires we had been stoking in the club now roaring to life. I felt her lips part slightly and her tongue dart out, running deftly against my bottom lip before sucking it into her mouth. She nibbled softly on my lip and I moaned with a passionate hunger. I parted my lips as well and our tongues met in the middle, fighting a mock war for dominance. She was very aggressive, and I was thoroughly enjoying the battle. Her hands were constantly stroking my hair, neck and arms, and I was returning the favor by massaging her shoulders and back as we continued our torrid kiss.

Somehow we managed to find our way to the living room without turning any lights on. Anna maneuvered me around and I felt a push, then the back of my knees hit something solid and I toppled backwards, landing abruptly on her sofa. Anna walked over and turned on one of the lamps, adding a soft illumination to the room. Anna saw my gaze stop on some of the framed pictures around the room and spoke up.

"That's my roommate, Kelly. She's out of town this weekend visiting her boyfriend in Boston." I nodded in understanding as she walked back over to me. She had this predatory gait as she walked, and I felt my pulse quicken in anticipation. I could feel the bulge in my pants straining for release, but I was forced to wait.

Anna stopped when she was standing directly in front of me, then turning and bending over she reached down to remove her boots. I saw her bend at the waist and her mini skirt slide higher up the backs of her thighs, until it almost revealed her ass. She knelt down and picked up her shoes, tossing them over to the side and out of the way. Then she very deliberately placed her left foot on the couch on one side of my legs, then leaned forward and moved her other leg so she was straddling me. I gazed longingly as her skirt slid up her thighs, very invitingly. I placed my hands on her thighs and slowly started to bring them higher when I felt a warning slap on the tops of my hands.

"Not yet," Anna whispered to me seductively. She took both of my hands and placed them palms down on the sofa. "Don't move them, and I'll make it worth your while." She grinned at me as she pulled her hands away, noticing mine stayed put where she had left them. I smiled and nodded, excited at how she was taking charge of the situation. 

Satisfied that I wasn't going to move, Anna shifted so she was sitting on my lap facing me. Her lips came down to meet mine again, and I felt her tongue once more pressing into my mouth. Instead of fighting back, I waited for her to assert herself into the kiss; to take control and direct it as she desired. She was slowly rocking her hips back and forward, and her hands came up to cup my face. I was lost in the moment until finally she broke away, gazing down at me. 

I saw that her hands had moved down to my pants, and in a flash she had undone my belt, opened and unzipped them. She worked one of her hands into the front of my boxers and I felt her gently wrap her fingers around my hardening rod, stroking it softly up and down. She navigated her hand back out of my boxers, her fingers never leaving my shaft. She gazed down with a devilish grin as she saw my cock standing proudly at attention. I felt her lean forward, her lips moving up to gently suckle on one of my ear lobes. Her hand continued to stroke the length of my cock as she shifted up to whisper into my ear.

"I'm not wearing any panties right now." 

With that, I felt her hand cup my hardness as she rocked her hips forward in my lap. Her dripping pussy was now rubbing directly against the sensitive underside of my cock. With a gentle rocking motion she was rubbing herself against me, slowly working up and down. I could feel an incredible heat emanating from between her legs, and I could suddenly smell her arousal as she breathed deeply against my neck.

"Mmm...you're so hard."

I saw that her eyes were closed, her hands wrapped around my shoulders for support. She was panting as she continued to slide up and down, rubbing her clit against my cock. I attempted to move my hips along with hers to increase the friction we were creating, hoping to add to her stimulation. 

"Can I... ohh mmm... Can I tell you something?" she asked me, panting as she spoke. Her eyes never opened and she seemed lost in the moment.

I stuttered to reply, "O-of course," hoping beyond hope that she would continue.

"Ohh yes... mmm... I get so.... I get so wet whenever I see you..."

Hearing her words was turning me on like I had never been turned on before. Her hips were moving a little faster now, she was adding more force to her rocking as I felt her clit grind against my cock. She continued, panting every few words and mewing with pleasure.

"The smell of your cologne.... Mmm.... You have such a sexy walk..."

I was struggling to control myself; the sound of her voice was nearly enough to send me over the edge. It took all of my willpower to keep my hands where they were, palms down on the sofa. With her warm breath on the side of my neck it was one of the most intensely frustrating experiences I had ever encountered. 

"I lock myself in... oh God... in the bathroom... mmm... And I have to touch myself..."

I could not believe my ears. This beautiful woman was describing how she would masturbate, while thinking about me, as she stroked herself against my hardness. Her wetness was dripping down the length of my cock as she rode against me, and I felt her hips start to quiver as she continued speaking. 

"I touch myself... and I think of.... Mmm... how great it would feel... if you were inside me."

I felt her hips slide up and deftly guide the head of my cock between her labia to the entrance of her pussy. Her eyes were open again and I saw her looking down at me. She held herself up, keeping the head of my cock pressed against her opening, but not letting me enter a single inch. 

"Would you like to know what I think of, every time I make myself cum?"

I met her gaze and nodded slowly, not trusting my voice to speak. 

"I think of... this..."

As she finished speaking she brought herself down the entire length of my shaft. I saw her face contort in a mixture of pain and pleasure as my cock split her tender flesh, burying itself completely inside her most intimate of places. I gasped in surprise, surrendering to the intense pleasure she had suddenly thrust upon my cock. My mind was reeling as she started to lift herself slowly inch by inch.

"Oh my God... you feel so good..."

She was lost in rapture as she started to slide back down my cock. Her hips started to rock up and down, slowly at first, but then gradually picking up speed. I started rocking my hips against hers, meeting her as she thrust herself down on me. I felt the walls of her pussy start to quiver and saw her reach down with one hand to start rubbing her clit.

With a gasp she cried out, "Oh my God... I'm... I'm cumming!"

I felt her pussy start to spasm as she ground herself down onto my cock. I felt a warm flood of her juices released as she came, the sensation almost too much for me. She began forcibly bucking up and down, slamming herself down onto my cock as wave after wave of pure pleasure washed over her. I felt her give one last shudder as she came to a halt, keeping my cock buried inside her dripping pussy. 

A few moments passed as she panted to catch her breath. Anna brought her arms around my neck as she leaned down to kiss me. There was tenderness to her kiss, but there was also an underlying passion I could not miss. 

She started to rock her hips again, and I could feel her starting to become aroused once more. She gazed longingly into my eyes as she softly said, "I want to feel you cum inside me..." Seeing my expression she quickly added, "It's ok; I'm on the pill."

I met her gaze and nodded, wanting my own release but having held back until I was sure it was safe. With a devilish grin I leaned forward, whispering in her ear, "If you don't let me move my hands now, though, I may rip these sofa cushions to shreds..."

She laughed and nodded in acknowledgement, releasing my hands with a playful slap to my arms. Immediately, I wrapped my arms around her, crushing her in a big hug as my hips rocked up to meet hers, my cock sliding into her eager pussy. I reached down to the edge of her skirt, sliding my hands underneath to feel the softness of her bare ass. I squeezed it roughly, massaging her ass with my hands, lifting her and pulling back down against me. With every stroke I could feel the walls of Anna's pussy contracting and squeezing my rod, adding to the exquisitely pleasurable sensation. 

My hands moved to the bottom of her shirt and began lifting it up her body. She felt the fabric moving and assisted, bringing her arms up over her head to completely remove the scrap of fabric. Immediately her hands flew behind her back and unclasped her bra, allowing it to fall from her shoulders. She never slowed her movements up and down my rod as she sat topless in my lap. 

I let my hands wander up the front of her body, from her flat stomach to her rib cage, finally letting my fingertips brush against her sensitive nipples. She shivered in excitement as I leaned forward, capturing one nipple in my mouth while rolling the other nipple between my thumb and forefinger. I felt her hands go behind my head, pulling me closer to her breast, trying to get more of my mouth around her sensitive flesh. I heard Anna gasp when I bit down on her erect nipple, adding more pressure as I felt the moistness between her legs increase.
