 The first time I hooked up with someone from the Internet was one of the hottest experiences of my life. I'd finally gotten fed up with my husband's lack of interest in me, so I'd posted an ad on Craigslist, not sure what to expect.

The title of the ad, which I posted in the "Casual Encounters" section, was "Suck My Big Tits." Here's what I wrote:

Attractive 26-year-old bored housewife seeks horny older man to suck on and play with my very big, very sensitive breasts.

You: big hard dick, big hands, good body, nice face, dominant in bed. Loves big tits, even fetishizes them. Seeks out huge-titted women to fuck. Mid-fifties to mid-sixties desired.

Me: bored housewife, white, 26 years old, 5'9", 135 lbs, small waist, long legs, long brown hair, green eyes, permanently hairless pussy (laser-removed), submissive in bed, eager to please. Bonus: has a pair of pointy, perky, cushiony, bouncy, all-natural 36H breasts that need constant fondling and sucking.

Basically, I just want you to play with my huge tits until I cum in my panties (which I can do just from titty play). Afterwards, if you want, I'll watch you jerk off to my big perfect titties.

But also...if we actually like each other, and I'm attracted to you, I would be very willing to explore a real sexual relationship with you, and even make it an ongoing thing.

I included two hi-res photos of my insanely over-developed breasts with the ad, knowing how enticing my boobs can be. (These big titties of mine have made many a man stray from his wife and have turned lots of sweet young ladies into horny, cunt-slurping dykes).

In one of the pics, my big jugs were slathered in Crisco. I was squeezing them together, proudly showing off the load of fresh cum that had just been spattered across them by my date, after a thorough and hard tittyfucking (it had been a blind date with a guy who'd somehow gotten his huge hard-on between my big titties about 15 minutes into our first date, but that's for another story).

In the other pic, my beautiful bi-girl fucktoy was sucking one of my nipples, eyes closed, her fingers pinching my other nipple. The look on her face betrayed the outright bliss she was feeling...bliss from sucking on the hugest, hottest pair of titties she had ever seen. You could see the bottom half of my face in this pic, my full, red lips pouting, softly biting my lower lip, smiling faintly in anticipation of what was next: I was about to get my slobbering little bald cunt eaten out by this beautiful girl's skilled dyke tongue. (I'll talk all about her in an another story, too. She loved my titties. She knew how to make me cum, too...).

Anyway, I digress.

I got literally hundreds of replies to my Craigslist ad within minutes of posting it. Seemed everyone in my city wanted a pair of pretty big titties to suck on. Good.

Some of the replies were forgettable, some were very hot. Some included pics of the biggest cocks I had ever seen, which meant my pussy squirted a thimbleful of fresh girlcream into my panties every time I opened a new message. Many I saved so I could finger myself to them later (and I did, many times. Still do, in fact.).

Pretty soon I came across one reply that stood out to me, though, because what it said made my cunt flood, my nipples harden, and my knees go weak. Here it is, word-for word:

Sweetheart, Daddy can't wait to use those enormous, soft tits over and over again just for his pleasure. They're so fucking hot, beautiful. I'm going to cum on them a few times and not let you wash it off. You'll have to wear Daddy's jizz on those huge jugs like the good little cumwhore I know you are.

Then I'm going to use your pretty mouth, little slut, and force my big dick deep into your throat. I'm going to fuck your sweet face without mercy and gag you until you cry, sweetheart, then I'm going to shoot my cum down your gullet. You will swallow every drop of Daddy's sperm with a smile on your cum-crazy little mouth.

Don't worry, I'll give my pretty babygirl her turn to cum. I hope you like Daddy's generous tongue devouring your young pink cunt from behind. That's how I like to eat, which means that's how YOU like it. I also hope you enjoy Daddy's tongue up your ass. Because your new Daddy is very, very hungry for his little girl's tasty young bottom. He will eat his fill anytime he desires to, which I assure you will be often.

I read your ad, honey. Don't worry, Daddy will suck those enormous titties all the time. But when HE wants to, not when YOU want it. Huge-tit sluts like you don't get what they want. But their huge-dick Daddies do. So yeah, those titties are getting sucked plenty.

But let me be very clear, babygirl. Daddy's also going to use the rest of your body, too, as much as he wants, as roughly as he wants. Daddy will fuck the hell out of those big soft titties, not to mention your stupid slut mouth.

Daddy will use your tight cunt on his dick like it's a Fleshlight, and Daddy will always be coating your supple young body with his cum, or shooting into your mouth. Daddy is also going to use your round little bottom, sweetie, because Daddy takes what he wants from his little slut and gives her what she deserves. You deserve to get pinned down and buttfucked real rough by Daddy, don't you, honey? I think you do.

Me: white, 58, tall, in good shape, big dick and it works very well, big shaved cum-filled balls. I'm very experienced in bed and can make you cum plenty. And I love big titties like yours. The bigger, the better. I won't even fuck a slut who's smaller than DD. I need a pair big enough to take on all the cum I'm going to unload on them; big enough to swallow my massive foot-long cock right in between them.

I expect to hear back from my sweet little girl very soon. That's an order from Daddy, and you would be well-advised to obey it.

He included a photo of himself leaning casually against a wall, dressed in an expensive-looking business suit. His erect cock was sticking out through his buttoned-up but unzipped pants, gripped firmly by his right hand.

His cock was fucking enormous. The biggest I've ever seen, even in porn. Even in "huge cock" porn! His monstrous rod seemed to protrude a whole foot away from his body. His big hand barely covered it. I guessed that he really was at least twelve inches. The thought of getting fucked by a dick that huge made my mouth flood with saliva.

He had a very fat shaft, too, as big around as a beer can, capped with a smooth, purplish-pink head. A pair of large, perfect, hairless balls were also on display through his zipper, hanging there at the base of his massive member, just waiting to slap against my chin as he face-fucked me. Waiting for me to worship them with my lips and tongue.

His face had a rugged handsomeness to it, and he wore a little smirk that seemed to say Come to Daddy, little girl. I loved how he looked.

But even with this man's huge, prize-winning prick and balls, the biggest I'd ever seen in my life, I was most attracted to his words. Everything he'd said in his reply was something I wanted. I'd had a serious Daddy-daughter roleplay fantasy for years, but had never told anyone for fear of rejection or ridicule. For years I'd masturbated furiously to thoughts of being disciplined and used by "Daddy," and here he was! Here was this handsome, super-well-hung man who wanted to be my Daddy and play with my big titties and eat my asshole and fuck my brains out.

I was sold. I wanted to meet him immediately. I didn't even care about the safety risks involved with meeting a fuck-stranger online; for me, it was part of the experience.

It was possible, I knew, that if I gave him my address he would come over, tie me up, beat me, rape me, jizz all over me, and leave me in a ditch. To be honest, just the thought of all that made me hot as hell. My pussy swelled and squirted its sweet wetness into my little white cotton panties as I imagined being violated by him.

He and I swapped a few more emails and more photos as we made plans to meet. My desire for him multiplied each time he wrote. I was powerless to his charms.

His name was John but I was never to call him that. I was only to call him Daddy. And I did. He was a successful entrepreneur, divorced, childless. He lived alone in a huge house in the country. He also told me there were eight other girls in our city who called him Daddy.

He explained that he enjoyed being Daddy to a healthy brood of greedy, cum-starved sluts. I was jealous but insanely turned on at the thought of this, especially when he told me they were all pretty, slender girls, ranging in age from 18 to 43, with gigantic breasts like mine, some of which had been augmented and some which were natural. The smallest pair of tits in his slut-harem was 32DD and the largest was 38J.

I was so turned on by this that I couldn't walk, or even talk. I could only finger myself lustily. I didn't even know if I was diddling myself to thoughts of Daddy using me or thoughts of Daddy using his other sluts or thoughts of me getting to suck on those awesome 38Js and eat the yummy wet cunt that came with them.

Yeah, I could deal with him having other girls, I decided. No problem. When I told him I was into it, he told me that pretty soon he'd be inviting his most well-behaved and obedient little girls, the ones who always worked extra hard milking Daddy's huge cock, who always happily offered up their round bottoms to be eaten when Daddy was hungry...those girls would soon be invited to a special sleepover at Daddy's house.

He wanted me to be one of the girls who was asked to attend, he'd said. And boy oh boy did I want to be there. Feasting on a hot busty girl's yummy pussy while Daddy eats and fingers and fucks me from behind. What could be better than that? I thought with a shiver.

But, once again, I digress. Sorry about that. First things first...I need to tell you about my first meeting with Daddy. It was incredible. This man was my Daddy from the get-go, and I was his adoring babygirl. I fell 100% into the fantasy with no inhibitions whatsoever. Looking back, I realize I was in love with my Daddy before I ever even met him.

We emailed back and forth, firming up our plans to meet. His emails were so fucking hot:

Daddy can't wait to make love to your giant young breasts, sweetheart.

Babygirl, how does such a sweet, innocent little girl have such slutty, luscious, bra-busting jugs?

Honey, sucking and licking your perfect, fat tits will be Daddy's appetizer, then he'll devour your sweet young twat as his entrée. Your asshole is for dessert. And fair warning, baby: Daddy loves dessert most of all."

Fuck. He wanted to eat my ass out. I thought I'd died and gone to heaven. I was still technically an anal virgin, which I hadn't told him yet, but I'd had my fair share of hot, probing tongues buried up my ass, and it felt fucking fantastic.

In fact, everyone had always said my ass was delicious. One old boyfriend had been impossible to stop once he got started sucking and tongue-fucking my tiny asshole. He'd call in sick to work just to keep his tongue drilled up my ass. Another old boyfriend broke up with me for just enough time to allow his best friend to take me out on a date, specifically so the friend could get a taste of my bottom. And of course I let him eat my ass out on the first date! He came in his pants when he first spread my cheeks apart and saw my tiny pink butthole, then he buried his face between my cheeks and rimmed me for an hour, working his tongue deep into my puckered pink hole. His dick got hard again as he lapped at my upturned bottom, so I sucked him off as a thank-you for the asshole worship. Later, I got back together with the original boyfriend and learned of their plotting. But instead of getting mad, I ended up having a threesome with the two of them, letting them fight over who got to eat my ass. They both won, of course...).

But, again, I digress.

Daddy and I finalized the arrangements for our first meeting, which was to be very late that very same night. There was no way I could wait any longer than that. The plan was for me to sneak out of my house—I was married to a real snooze of a man and we slept in separate bedrooms—in the middle of the night, and for Daddy to pick me up in his BMW down the street from my house. From there I didn't know what to expect. I sure did have lots of ideas, though!

Daddy gave me specific instructions about getting ready and told me there'd be consequences if I ignored them. "Wear a skimpy tank top," he said, "with no bra underneath, and a short skirt with no panties. Bring your favorite dildo. A big one, big and thick like Daddy's dick."

Then came the waiting. I went to bed early so I could get away from my dreadfully dull husband. I laid in the dark, rubbing my clit and waiting...waiting...waiting.

And just like that, it was time. Time to sneak out and meet my sweet new Daddy.