 Suck My Big Tits 4

*************
This is a fictional story about two adults engaging in consensual “Daddy”/girl age roleplay. This is not an incest story; the characters are not related. Please note, at no point in this story is there any reference to sex with a minor. The woman in the story is in her twenties, and even during the age-play scenarios, she is intended to be 18+ and should be interpreted as such. The “Daddy” nickname is simply intended as a term of endearment.
*************

I didn’t fight it. I was scared of how big Daddy’s dick was, but I didn’t approach it fearfully. I wanted it too badly. The only thing I wanted in the world, in that moment, was to please him and make him proud.

So, as Daddy slammed my face down toward his thick, foot-long rod, I opened my salivating mouth as wide as I could, took a deep breath, and relaxed my throat muscles.

I moaned loudly as Daddy’s enormous, smooth cockhead forced its way past my lips and into my mouth, sliding against my tongue. He groaned as I licked softly around the contour of his urethra and swirled my wet tongue around the ridges of his smooth glans. I licked and kissed and spit all over his cockhead, savoring its salty taste and smooth feel on my lips.

Daddy breathed contentedly, murmuring about what a good girl I was. Then, without warning, he fiercely gripped the back of my head, and with one brutal, unexpected downward shove, he forced my mouth down, stuffing my mouth with his gargantuan dick, until his entire twelve-inch cock was snaking its way down my throat. 
His big balls rested against my cheek as he sighed and held my head firmly in place. 

Holy fuck, Daddy is balls-deep in my mouth! I thought. I felt like the luckiest girl alive. Here I was, 26 years old, married to a total dullard, calling this complete stranger I’d just picked up on Craigslist “Daddy” as he force-fucked my face. I was elated to be accepting his massive length and girth fairly easily down my throat, even as I started to choke and sputter and gag on his rod, struggling to breathe.

Daddy held my head firmly in place as I choked on his fat foot-long. “You’re not leaving this car until I’m satisfied with your cocksucking skills, sweetie,” he growled. 

Desperate to please him, I relaxed my throat, telling myself I could actually do this without gagging. The relaxation allowed even more of his length to fill my throat. “Good girl. Yes, good. Take in more of that meat. Mmm, just like that, baby. Let go of that gag reflex, honey, and let Daddy fuck your throat good,” he muttered. “You’re gonna need to get used to this, darlin’. You’re gonna be deep-throating this cock more often than you're not.”

Daddy let me up for a moment so I could take a small gulp of air, then pushed my mouth right back down on his giant cock. Using a fistful of my hair, he began guiding my head up and down as I drooled and sucked on his big rod. I made some involuntary gagging and choking noises as I took him in deep, but I was adjusting to it well. I tightened my lips around the base and began slobbering long ropes of saliva all over Daddy’s cock and balls as I grew accustomed to having him stuffed down my gullet.

“That’s a good little pretty cocksucker,” he murmured, still holding my head down forcefully on his cock, moving my drooling mouth up and down his shaft. I made sure to use my tongue as much as possible, swirling around and slurping on his tasty dick. 

“Yeah, you love that meat, don't you, slut. My little meat eater. Yeah. Suck on Daddy’s big dick. Good girl. Get used to it. Yeah. You know, I’m gonna stuff my cock down your throat when you cry, little slut. To make you shut up. And you’re gonna cry a lot. I’ll make sure of that. Little brats who come crying to Daddy get punished hard and mean. You'll see.

“Yeah, Daddy’s gonna hump your pretty dumb mouth any time he wants to, even when you say no. Even when you’re not awake. Daddy’s gonna drug you and fuck your little slut mouth like it's a cunt after you pass out,” he said softly. Threateningly. I had goose bumps. He was a dirty talker and I loved it. He kept talking as I expertly polished his perfect Daddy tool with my wet, sucking mouth.

“I can’t wait to dick-drill your perfect face when there’s mascara and eyeliner smeared all over it. From you crying like a little fucking brat,” he continued as I mouth-worshiped his dick. “You'll pass out drunk on the couch with makeup all over your face like a filthy fucking prostitute. Fuck, you’re a whore! Then I’m gonna take those big titties out and grease them up and fuck the hell out of them while I slap you in the face. 

"Then I'm gonna facefuck you, honey. Yes. And you’re such a needy little cunt that you won’t even care. When you wake up, you’ll blow Daddy again just to thank me for the yummy splooge I blasted into your mouth while you were asleep. Maybe I’ll put an ad on Craigslist. Yeah? Yeah. ‘Come fuck my passed-out whore’s enormous tits and take pics of your jizz on her dumb face.' Yeah, I’m gonna do that. I’m gonna let 20 guys cum on your tits and face while you sleep. Maybe I'll loan them your asshole, too.”

He was in a zone, his breathing getting heavier as the words just flowed lazily out of his mouth. I just sucked and licked and pumped his cock. “My huge-titty slut wants to eat Daddy’s jizz for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I know she does. She loves it. Daddy will always feed his little cunt her favorite salty meal. When she deserves it.”

I loved the way he was talking as I bounced my head up and down on his big dick. This man had struck a chord deep inside me. I felt myself waking up, sexually-speaking. I was in absolute heaven, deep-throating Daddy's huge cock, listening to him fantasize about me. I reached my fingers up to stroke and cup his big round balls.

Suddenly Daddy’s fingers tightened painfully on my hair and began moving my head up and down rapidly, forcefully, almost violently as he thrust his hips upward. He was basically using my mouth and throat to jerk himself off. I liked that thought. Daddy’s living, breathing, beautiful fuckdoll. 

I hungrily accepted his shaft, sputtering each time his head slammed against the back of my throat. He quickly found the fast, sloppy cocksucking rhythm he needed as he force-fucked my throat. It was brutal. I willed myself to not throw up. I still liked it, though. Gobbling on Daddy meat. I bet none of his other sluts could deepthroat him like this on their first try. 

Daddy’s right hand reached down underneath me to fondle and stroke my heavy breasts and pinch my sensitive pink nipples. I loved feeling the rigid head of his cock pounding against the back of my throat as he humped upwards and grunted and pawed at my tits. I loved having Daddy balls-deep in my mouth like this. I couldn’t breathe, and my eyes were watering like crazy, and I was making all kinds of gagging sounds—but I didn’t care. And I could tell he liked the sounds.

He’s fucking enormous, I thought, shivering at the thought of taking that monster up my ass. (Shivering with anticipation and desire, of course.) I made a mental note to go online later and buy a 12-inch dildo. I was going to need some practice if I was to be perfect for Daddy.

“Suck Daddy's big juicy tenderloin, sweetheart,” he cooed. “Daddy needs his beautiful girl’s lovely mouth. Those gorgeous cocksucking lips of yours. Mmm. Good girl. You take it so good. Yes. So good, baby…” 

I continued to bob and drool and slurp on his cock, guided by his hand on my head, his engorged balls smacking against my cheek, his cock down my throat. At that point, I was desperately hungry for Daddy’s fat tool to spurt its load into my mouth, but I instinctively tried to slow down my suck-job, fearful Daddy would cum and take my yummy new lollipop away.

Turns out, I had no choice. “Suck it fast and hard, slut, or Daddy’s gonna be very upset with you,” he said gruffly, thrusting himself up into my mouth and pushing my head down. I responded by eagerly milking his shaft with my lips and throat, swirling my wet tongue around it, coating it with my spit, toying and teasing his balls with my eager fingers, sucking him off with all my might.

I was freely crying now, but no matter. I loved it. Daddy’s skilled right hand still moved back and forth between my big sensitive breasts, stroking and teasing them expertly. My pussy was positively gushing.

Suddenly he let out a long sigh. “Daddy’s gonna cum in his little honey’s pretty mouth,” he mumbled thickly. “Daddy’s gonna cum so hard for you, darlin’. Are you ready for Daddy, baby? You want a taste of Daddy? There’s gonna be so much for my pretty sweetheart to swallow down.” I just moaned and kept slurping up and down on his huge tool, content with having him in my mouth, ready to taste and drink up all his yummy seed.

“You’re so beautiful, baby. Ohhh. Fuck. So fucking hot. Daddy’s perfect, breasty little jizz gobbler. I’m gonna cum, sweetie. But don’t you swallow it, honey. Not yet. If you swallow a drop of my cum Daddy’s gonna be very angry. And I don’t think you’re ready to see that.” 

I heard him. I got it. I just kept slobbering and mouth-fucking his rod and moaned my understanding. “Mmm. That’s a very good girl,” he said. “A very good, huge-titty little slut. Daddy’s perfect girl. Daddy’s hot filthy little cocksucker. Very good…” 

He stopped talking abruptly and I felt his cock blast a load of hot, delicious cum against the back of my throat. I relished the warmth and salty thickness of Daddy’s special milk pumping into my throat. 
I was very careful not to swallow, though, even as he kept shooting load after load of his warm, yummy sperm into my mouth. I loved the taste of it on my tongue, wanting more and more and more.

Daddy finished cumming with a satisfied grunt and one final spurt, then relaxed his cruel grasp on my head. “That’s a good little fucking cumslut,” he sighed, petting my head lovingly, stroking my hair gently. I couldn’t believe how much sperm he’d just unloaded into my mouth. It was the best thing I’d ever tasted.

“Sit up, sweetheart,” he said quietly, so I did. “Show Daddy. Did you swallow any of my load? No? Let’s see.” 

Daddy watched me through the dim haze of the dashboard lights as I tilted my head back slightly and opened my mouth, proudly showing him my cum-filled mouth. I hadn’t swallowed any of it yet.

He gazed at me lovingly through satisfied eyes and stroked my hair. “Such a good girl. So obedient. So sweet. Daddy’s very proud of you, honey. Now hand me your phone. No swallowing still. Be good for Daddy.” 

Warm semen still flooding my mouth, desperate to feel it sliding down my throat and into my belly, I handed my cell phone to Daddy. “Good girl,” he said as he shifted my phone into camera mode. “Now show me Daddy’s cum on those big dick-sucking lips and that pretty tongue.” 

I complied, and he began taking photos. “So beautiful. Such a cum-crazy slut. Such an exquisite face on such a depraved slut body. Mmm. My pretty baby. You’re just a filthy little slut who’s going to be nice and obedient while Daddy does unspeakable things to your whore body. Aren’t you?”

I nodded, my cunt creaming automatically at his words. “Now drool that cum down your chin, honey,” he ordered, “and onto those enormous jugs. I want to see my Daddy jizz all over those huge slutty titties.” 

I obeyed, and soon my tongue, lips, chin, and breasts were coated with Daddy’s sperm. He had certainly given me enough to work with. 

Daddy continued to admire me, taking photos as he murmured his praise. I imagined what he saw. My pretty face, my eyes half-closed, satisfied from cumming so hard. My cheeks flushed and pink, my tongue, lips, and chin soaked in his cum, not to mention my gigantic fleshy tits, which now pointed obediently right at their new owner. My Daddy. He beamed at them.

“Good girl. Now eat Daddy’s sperm off those huge ripe melons, honey. Every drop. Good girl. Lift them up and clean those big titties off with your sweet pink tongue. Like a kitten, sweetie. Yes. Perfect,” he said, snapping pic after pic after pic. 

“Squeeze them together for Daddy. Yes, beautiful. Good girl. Pretty girl. Clean those huge titties with your soft kitten tongue. Mmmmm. What a good girl. Eat up every bit of Daddy’s cum. Yes, just like that. Good girl.” 

I smacked and licked my lips for Daddy as I swallowed his salty seed. “Mmm, I love it, Daddy,” I purred. “I love your cum so much. It’s so delicious.” I licked my breasts thoroughly for him, making sure he noticed how my little bubblegum nipples were pointing obediently at his chest.

But then, suddenly, abruptly, Daddy pulled his loving gaze away from my chest, faced forward, and started the car. “Put your fucking top back on,” he barked. “Cover up those obscene tits, for fuck’s sake. Act like a lady.”

I did as he said, squeezing my jumbo twin globes back into the tight tank top I’d worn. My body was aching to be touched and stroked, especially my breasts, but I dared not ask Daddy for anything. He seemed angry all of the sudden.

He drove silently until we were back on my street, his dick still visible in his lap, already half-hard again. I licked my lips, ogling it, dreaming of all the ways I wanted it, how I wanted it to spurt cum all over my body again and again.

But Daddy just pulled his car over near my house and put it in park. He looked over at me.

“I think you could be a wonderful slut plaything for Daddy,” he said. “But if you want to be mine, first you have to prove yourself to me. I’m gonna give you some assignments. If you do them to my satisfaction, you’ll see me again in a week. I will come to your house during the day while your idiot husband is at work. I will lay you down on your tummy and eat your ass thoroughly, then I’ll roll you onto your back and make love to those huge, soft breasts until I’m fully satisfied. I might even let you cum. Do you understand?”

“Yes, Daddy. I’ll do anything to make that happen,” I whispered. I meant it. I wanted to watch his giant cock disappear between my big jugs…and the thought of him sliding his tongue along my buttcrack, then devouring my asshole, was making me dizzy.

“Good. Here are your tasks. First, you will e-mail me all the photos I took tonight of you with your mouth and chin and titties all dripping with Daddy’s cum. I’m going to jerk off to them, and I’m going to send them to some of my friends and colleagues so they can jerk off to your tits, too. I will encourage them to share the pics with whomever they like. Let a thousand men jerk off to those photos, I don’t care. Only one man gets to use you as his personal cum receptacle, and that’s me.

“Second, and this will be much more difficult…over the next few days, you will send me three different sets of photos of those big fucking jugs. They will be covered in jizz. It must be real jizz, and it must be a stranger’s. A different stranger for each of the three times. 

“I don’t care how you find these men. They are not to touch you, nor you them. Your body belongs to Daddy and Daddy will decide who touches it. You’ll simply get these men to jerk off and blast a load all over your hot tits. Then they’ll take a few pictures of their handiwork, which you’ll send to me immediately so I can, once again, jerk off to them and send them to my friends. 

“You will never see these men again after they cum on that big shelf of a chest of yours. Do you understand what you need to do for Daddy, slut? If you do a good job, Daddy will turn you into his spoiled little pretty princess. I might even start falling in love with you, honey.”

I was beyond wet. The thought of exposing my awesome mega boobs to three different strange men, having them jerk off to the mere sight of them, having them coat my vulgar rack with loads of jizz… it was so wonderfully arousing. But even more arousing was the thought of sending the pics to Daddy, so he could use my body to pleasure himself even in my absence. And, of course, I was desperate to see him again and act out the hot scenarios he’d described. “Yes, Daddy. I understand. I’ll do as I’m told. Anything to earn your affection.”

“Good girl. We’ll use the honor system, sweetheart, to make sure you find three different men and not just use the same one. I need to be able to trust my precious girl. If I ever find out you’ve lied to me, there will be absolute hell to pay. I have zero problem beating my sluts. Girls need cruel discipline, the kind that leaves bruises and welts, from men, because they’re too dumb to take care of themselves. I’m not afraid to dish out a beating. Got it?”

“Yes, Daddy,” I purred, blushing. I imagined him smacking my face and pushing me down. I wanted it. I wanted everything.

“Good girl. Go make Daddy happy. I want nothing more than to be back here in a week with my face buried between your pretty plump asscheeks. Now. Get the fuck out of my car, slut. I’m through with you,” he said, waving his hand dismissively. I felt like a used-up whore, and I liked it. 

Wordlessly, I exited the car and closed the door behind me. I started to bend down to blow Daddy a kiss, but he was already pulling away. Then he was gone. 

Quietly, I crept back into my house and listened until I could hear my husband snoring. Yes! I’d pulled it off without getting caught! It made me wet to be getting away with such wanton behavior.

I retired to a guest bedroom and got naked with my dildo and began looking through the pics Daddy had taken with my phone. 
God, do I have beautiful titties, I thought, stroking my nipples, making them hard. So creamy and ample. So fuckable. 

Truly, with a stacked body like mine, my only choice is to get fucked and used by scores of horny men and women. Hard and often.

I e-mailed the pics to Daddy with a note: “I love my sweet Daddy already. I can’t wait to ace my assignments so I can see your handsome face again and offer you my body for your entertainment and enjoyment, no matter how you want to use me. I’m yours. I’m going to be such a tight little slut for you. I won’t stop until I’m your favorite out of your entire huge-titty harem. There’s nothing I won’t do to please you and earn your praise.” Satisfied, I clicked “send,” then fingered myself into a coma.

One thing was for sure: this naughty little Daddy’s girl couldn’t wait to start on her assignments.