 *************
This is a fictional story about two adults engaging in consensual "Daddy"/girl age roleplay. This is not an incest story; the characters are not related. Please note, at no point in this story is there any reference to sex with a minor. The woman in the story is in her twenties, and even during the age-play scenarios, she is intended to be 18+ and should be interpreted as such. The "Daddy" nickname is simply intended as a term of endearment.
*************

Daddy's gonna be here in an hour, I thought excitedly. I opened his most recent e-mail and re-read his instructions for me:

Sweet girl, I cannot wait to use your breasts. And I've been daydreaming about tasting your little asshole. Soon! In the meantime, here are your instructions:

Leave your front door unlocked, get some Crisco out, and take it into your husband's bed. You may wear whatever you want, but I expect you to try to please me. Lay on your back, above the covers, and wait patiently for your Daddy like a good little slut who knows how to obey the rules.

I was nervous as hell but more excited than anything. I took a shower and carefully washed my little pink asshole and shaved my cunt completely bald. Once I was all clean, I cut a hole in the seat of a pair of black pantyhose, put them on, then tore the hole open so that my whole ass was exposed. It looked so hot. I decided to leave my tits bare and accessible to Daddy. I braided my hair into two pigtails, added a choker that sort of looked like a dog collar, and donned my smuttiest pair of red stilettos. I made sure the door was unlocked, got the tub of Crisco out, and went to bed with a thumping heart and a sopping wet cunt.

I was lying on my back touching my clit and wondering what Daddy was going to do with the Crisco when I heard him come in the front door. My body went rigid and my pussy flooded. He appeared at the door and looked my body up and down and up again. It was so good to see his handsome, strong-jawed face. Daddy looked at me and clucked approvingly. 

"Jesus, those jugs. Good girl. So far," he murmured. "Now come here, sweetheart, and give your Daddy a hug." Squealing with delight, I positively flew up from my prone position and bounced my way to Daddy at the foot of the bed, landing topless in his muscular arms. 

He took my giant soft breasts into his hands as he forcefully tongue-kissed me. He pinched my nipples simultaneously and I moaned. He was such a good kisser. I gave him my mouth submissively. 

When we came up for a breath, I smiled and leaned back a little and pointed my big breasts up to Daddy, offering. "Very pretty, baby," he said. "You have the lushest pair of knockers I've ever seen. I love them, precious. They're just the right size for Daddy. Any smaller and I'd toss you out on your ass." He winked, then leaned down and gave each one of my nipples a long, wet, aggressive suck. God, I could've done that for hours.

Daddy had other ideas, though. He slapped both of my tits playfully with an open palm and watched them wobble in response. Then he moved his hands down to my ass and cupped my cheeks and squeezed with all his might. "Fuck yes, darlin'," he said, spreading my asscheeks open with his big hands. "Daddy's been dreaming about eating this plump little juicy bottom for a week. I've stroked my dick a lot thinking about getting my first taste. 

"Now, even though it's gonna feel good to you, getting your asshole rimmed good by Daddy, it's not for you, do you hear me?" he said this sharply, his hands spreading my asscheeks as far as humanly possible. Then I felt his finger press against my anus. "When Daddy is French-kissing and slurping on his baby girl's bottom, it's for Daddy and Daddy alone." He slid his index finger into my tight asshole. I moaned softly, remaining pliant in Daddy's arms. 

"Daddy's big cock gets very long and very hard when he has his face buried in a pretty girl's bottom. I just love the taste of a sweet girl's little butthole." His finger began sawing in and out of my little hole. "So when Daddy wants to eat some tasty asshole, you just bend over, spread your cheeks open, and feed it to him, isn't that right, baby?"

I nodded my understanding and Daddy replied by sliding a second finger up my butt. I sighed lustily and stuck my tits out and upward toward Daddy. He admired them as he massaged my ass and gently fucked it with his skilled fingers.

"Okay, baby girl. It's time to make a choice. Daddy wants to eat your ass out and fuck these big pillow tits. But I'm feeling generous. I will let you decide what's going to happen first." 

I thought about it and, looking up into his eyes, whispered, "Lick my asshole first, Daddy. Please. I want it so bad."

He growled and spun my body around, getting his first glimpse of my naked ass through the torn pantyhose. "Fuck yes. This is hot. Remember this outfit. You'll need to wear this again." My back was against his chest now. He removed his fingers from my asshole and gently pushed me forward. "Lie down, sweetie, on your tummy. Get comfortable." I stretched out face-down as instructed. "Okay, spread your pretty legs, honey. It's time for Daddy to taste his new slut's ass. This is my favorite part."

Face down, legs spread, I listened as he removed his clothing. I felt him climb onto the bed and position himself between my legs. I felt his big hands grip my plump buttcheeks. He used his thumbs to spread my ass open, and he grunted audibly when he got his first look at my cute little puckered hole. I knew it was pretty. It was pink and smooth and oh-so-small. 

"Mmmm," Daddy said. "My baby has the most beautiful anus I've ever seen. It's gonna be such a pleasure to eat this pretty ass. Daddy's so lucky."

And, without warning, I felt him plunge his hot tongue right into my eager ass. He maintained a hard grip on my cheeks with his strong hands, spreading them open to give himself better access to my little hole. I squirmed and moaned with pleasure as Daddy ran his hot, wet tongue all over my anus and up and down my crack, then back to my anus to plunge it in. 

Daddy managed to get his tongue pretty far up my bottom. As I squealed and moaned and pushed my ass up against his face, he buttfucked me expertly with his experienced, generous Daddy tongue.

"Oh yes, Daddy. I love your tongue up my ass! It feels so wonderful, Daddy. Mmm yes. Yes. Eat my ass, sweet Daddy. I want you to love it, I hope you love it. I want my Daddy's face buried between my asscheeks all day every day! Yes Daddy. Yes, lick my asshole, Daddy." I was murmuring gibberish but I couldn't help it. 

Daddy kept me pinned facedown on the bed and greedily lapped and slurped away at my asshole like he was possessed, groaning and cooing his approval, his thumbs spreading my cheeks apart. He feasted on my asshole for a full hour. I could feel him drooling and slobbering up and down my crack and sucking noisily at my puckered little opening. 

I could tell he loved it. He was losing himself with his tongue up my tight virgin bottom. And I couldn't get enough of the feeling. I was being thoroughly devoured by my big, strong Daddy. I laid there like a good girl, enjoying my Daddy's skillful rimjob, gleefully offering my asshole up to satiate his hunger. 

After about half an hour, I felt him pull back and plant two wet kisses on each of my cheeks, muttering little words of praise about the taste of my ass. "Get up on your knees, baby girl. Daddy wants to taste that pretty cunt while I'm back here." I eagerly thrust my ass up into the air and moved into a doggystyle position, spreading my legs as wide as I could, my face still smashed down into the bed. I felt Daddy move forward and inhale my pussy deeply, murmuring his approval. Then I felt his tongue begin flick against my swollen, cream-filled cunt. Fuck.

"Mmmmm," I heard him say, pulling his head away to speak. "I can't fucking believe how tasty your asshole is, baby, and your pussy's just as delicious. Daddy's gonna eat it real good, okay? And I want you to know that you have Daddy's permission to cum whenever you're ready. You'll always need to ask for permission in the future, honey, but today is a special occasion. Just cum your sweet honey right into Daddy's mouth, sweetheart."

He proceeded to eat out my dripping slit from behind, reducing me to a whimpering, shaking, dripping-wet mess. He rubbed my asshole with his finger as he ate my cunt. He seemed to be in hog heaven.

Then Daddy buried two fingers deep into my pussy and rubbed my g-spot. He still had his skilled tongue on my clit and a finger from his other hand pressed against my anus. I began to cum. "Daddy! I'm cumming for you, Daddy! Oh fuck yes. Oh Daddy yes. I'm cumming on your tongue Daddy...ahhhh. Yes, Daddy." I came hard as I listened to him slurping the cream out of my cunt. "My baby tastes like honeysuckle," he said. 

Daddy finished his oral assault by running his tongue from my clit all the way up to my asshole and back again. "Fuck," he said. "You're a fucking delicious little slut. Daddy loves eating you, little girl." And with that, he slapped my rump and moved his body so that he was next to me. I remained on my stomach, recovering from the spasms that were overpowering my cunt. 

Daddy draped an arm over me. "Good girl," he whispered, stroking my hair. "You're doing such a nice job pleasing me, honey. You're so good. So willing to let me do what I want with your tight little holes. Which is my right, of course, because I'm your Daddy and your body is my property."

"Yes, Daddy, of course it is. I belong to you. Thank you so much for letting me cum. I needed it, Daddy. It felt so good."

"You're welcome, baby. I wanted to eat your sweet cum for dessert. And now it's my turn. It's time for you to roll over onto your back, darlin'. Daddy needs to use those soft titties of yours. I rolled onto my back and Daddy laid next to me for a while, massaging and sucking my breasts, kissing me deeply, whispering sweet things into my ear. It was pure bliss. 

Eventually he moved over me and straddled my waist and I got my first good daylight look at his humongous erection. It was pointing right at their target: my huge breasts. I couldn't stop staring; I was hypnotized by its size and beauty. 

Smiling down at me hungrily, Daddy reached for the Crisco, scooped out a big handful, and began the arduous task of greasing up my titanic titties, readying them for the tittyfuck of a lifetime. The massage felt amazing. My nipples responded to his touch as he flicked and rubbed them. Then he greased up his monster Daddy dick.

"All right, little girl. I've been dreaming of making love to these big titties all week," he said, inserting his huge dick between my breasts. He used his hands to push them together. His cock was huge but it was completely swallowed up by my tits. I could feel it, though, hard and demanding as it slid between my slippery jumbo tits.

Daddy began fucking my breasts earnestly with long, hot strokes, gazing down at my face and admiring my big titties as they pointed up to the ceiling, his big rod trapped tightly between them.

"Open your mouth, baby. Suck on Daddy's cockhead." I obeyed, and the tip of his dick began sliding rhythmically in and out of my wet, eager mouth. I swirled my tongue around it. I loved it, having Daddy use my tits and mouth like this. I was made for it. I was so grateful to have such a hot pair of big, fuckable tits. 

He rode them like they were some fuck toy you could get at the porn store. Like I was his personal blowup doll. It was amazing as his strokes began to quicken and I realized he was about to cum. "You're gonna take my big load on your face and titties, sweetheart," he growled. I was so fucking hungry for it. 

Then, my reward... Daddy's perfect cock emerged from its cozy place between my jugs and began blasting hot semen all over my face, then down to my tits, then back up into my open mouth. My lips, chin, neck, and chest were coated and he just kept unloading his seed. It seemed like he would cum forever. I felt like I was covered in the jizz of five men instead of one. 

"Good girl," he finally said, his cock finished spurting. "So good at pleasing Daddy." I smiled. "Now scoop that cum off and eat it, my sweetheart. Eat Daddy's cum like a greedy slut. Daddy's greedy little cum slut. Don't ever let it go to waste." He watched as I slathered several big loads of his jizz off my tits and chin and slurped them greedily down my throat, loving my Daddy's salty taste.

Later on, as I walked Daddy to the door with my tits still out, he leaned down and gave each of my nipples another lusty suckle, then put his arms around my little waist and kissed me deeply. 

"I want you to come over tomorrow night, baby," he said. "I'm having a little party. I want you to meet some of my friends. And three of my other sluts will be there. You'll definitely want to meet them." I nodded emphatically. Of course I would be there. My husband would be gone for three weeks and I intended to make the best of it. 

"Okay, good, darlin'. Be there at 8. Wear whatever you want, but be sure to wear those red heels. I'll have something for you to change into when you arrive. And also, you should know...you're not a guest at my party. You and my other girls are the help. But it will be worth your while, I promise."

I didn't care. I was gonna see him again the next day! Maybe he would fuck me. He hadn't actually put his cock inside me yet and I was chomping at the bit for it. Maybe I'd get to fuck one of his other girls. I liked the thought of that a lot. "That sounds great, Daddy. I will be there and ready to do just as I'm told."

He flashed a smile, squeezed my titties one last time, and disappeared through my front door.