 *************
This is a fictional story about two adults engaging in consensual "Daddy"/girl age roleplay. This is not an incest story; the characters are not related. Please note, at no point in this story is there any reference to sex with a minor. The woman in the story is in her twenties, and even during the age-play scenarios, she is intended to be 18+ and should be interpreted as such. The "Daddy" nickname is simply intended as a term of endearment.
*************

I arrived at Daddy's house promptly at 8 o'clock and rang the doorbell. The house was large and sprawling and very secluded. I wondered what I was getting myself into...then realized I didn't care. Whatever it was, I wanted it. 

I was wearing a very short, low-cut sundress with no bra or panties. I knew it showcased my natural gravity-defying 36H rack beautifully. On my feet I wore a pair of four-inch red stiletto heels. I had a feeling I was going to be thoroughly used tonight. I sure hoped so. 

I snapped out of my reverie as the door swung open, gasping as I came face-to-face with the beautiful girl who greeted me. She laughed. She was absolutely stunning, tall with shoulder-length auburn hair and a wide smile. It was hard for me to appreciate the many layers of her beauty, though, because she was topless, and she happened to be sporting the biggest, most gorgeous pair of tits I've ever seen in my life. 

The only thing this goddess was wearing was a pair of black pantyhose. I had a good feeling that when she turned around I'd get to see her pretty ass through the hole Daddy had cut in the back.

The girl giggled, sizing me up appreciatively, her eyes lingering on my big chest just like my eyes were doing to hers. "Welcome, sweetie," she purred. "I'm Jamie. I'm so glad you're here." She stepped forward and put her arms around my waist, pulling me to her in an intimate hug. I put my arms around her neck and hugged her back, smiling. Her gigantic breasts were pressing into mine. It made my pussy gush like crazy.

Jamie sensed how much she was turning me on, or she was turned on too, or both. She leaned in and kissed me. Right on the lips. Her hands moved down to cup my ass as I parted my lips and eagerly melted into her kiss. Seconds later we were French-kissing frantically, right there on Daddy's porch, her hands on my ass and my hands fondling her massive tits. We made out and groped each other's supple bodies like two little dyke sluts for a full five minutes before she reluctantly broke our kiss. I was breathless.

"Yum," she said, looking me up and down one more time. "I can't wait til Daddy lets me play with you. You're absolutely gorgeous. But for now I'm here to show you the ropes. Come in!" I followed her inside and she closed the door.

Daddy's house was gorgeous and beautifully appointed. I followed Jamie through a hallway into what was obviously the living room, and suddenly realized we'd walked in on a couple having sex. Then I realized it was Daddy. He was sitting on a sofa with a cute blonde straddling him, bouncing yet another huge set of breasts up and down in his face. She was riding him almost violently, practically screaming. 

Daddy was staring at her bouncing chest and gripping her pretty ass. "Good girl. Take Daddy up your ass like a good girl," he murmured, and I realized this amazing busty young specimen was riding Daddy with his cock up her ass. She took it like a champ, moaning "oh Daddy" over and over. It was so hot. 

Daddy spotted me and smiled. "Hi baby. Jamie's gonna get you settled. I'll be with you shortly." He resumed bouncing the pretty girl on his dick.

God, would I ever be able to learn how to please Daddy's enormous cock with my tiny, inexperienced asshole? I was terrified, but I intended to try.

Jamie took me by the hand and led me into the back of the house, which was huge. We entered a bedroom, Daddy's, I assumed, and before I knew it Jamie had me pinned against the wall with her tongue down my throat. I groaned and kissed her back. "Daddy said we could fool around a little bit if he was still buttfucking Carrie when you got here," she breathed, and French-kissed me again. She was a great kisser.

We made our way to the bed and I climbed on top of my gorgeous new friend and kissed her some more, then moved down and got those gorgeous nipples in my mouth. I sucked and teased her hot tits, squeezing them together, drooling on them, moving up to steal tongue kisses from her yummy mouth, then going right back down to service those gargantuan jugs. She stroked my hair as I filled with my mouth with yummy, creamy titty flesh. She could tell how much I loved her big jugs. 

"They're not real," she said. I couldn't tell. They were perfect. "They're 36J. Daddy is obsessed with them. You won't believe what he makes me do. Someday I'll tell you, honey...or show you." As she uttered this last sentence, she reached down and put her hand under my dress, between my legs. I gasped, still on top of her, and sucked her tongue into my mouth, humping my cunt against her probing fingers as I moved my hand down to return the favor. I found the hole in the ass of her pantyhose and used it access her sopping wet pussy.

Jamie pulled my sundress down and my huge tits popped out and into her waiting mouth. She gasped at the sight of them. Mine were pretty, too. We sucked each other's tongues, felt each other's tits, sucked each other's nipples, and fingered each other's wet cunts for a while, groaning and giggling as we discovered each other's hot bodies. 

I had three fingers buried deep in Jamie's twat, stroking her g-spot. I couldn't believe how wet she was. I began trailing my mouth down toward her pussy, desperate to lick the sweet cream right out of her hot slit and make her cum over and over into my mouth. She spread her legs wide for me and tangled her fingers in my long hair, encouraging me down. God, I was dying to tongue her little clit.

I was almost there...I could smell the honey-sweet, musky scent of her drooling, horny little cunt. I breathed in deeply, loving her fragrance as I spread her gorgeous pink cuntlips apart with my thumbs. I was milliseconds away from burying my face in this gorgeous girl's cunt and cramming my tongue up her willing dyke fuckhole.

That's when Daddy walked in. I was centimeters away from having Jamie's bald cunt bucking against my lapping tongue. Daddy laughed. "Sorry, my pretty little dyke sluts. Wrap it up. Party starts in 30 minutes and you need to get to your posts. Jamie, I need you under the poker table sucking cocks all night. I want each of my guests to cum at least twice, do you understand? 

Jamie nodded as she stood. Her huge breasts wobbled prettily. "Yes, Daddy. Anything you say. I will satisfy them all." 

"Good girl," he replied. "If you do a good job, I'll let both of you sleep with me tonight, and you can finish what you started here. Okay?" Jamie brightened at this and smiled at me. "Sounds wonderful, Daddy. I will make it happen." With that, she kissed us both on the cheek and left the room. Within ten seconds Daddy had me facedown on the bed with my skirt around my waist and his tongue up my ass. 

He slurped and feasted on my asshole until the doorbell rang to indicate his first guest had arrived. He finished his rimjob up with a hard smack on my ass, then moved his body on top of mine til his lips were pressed against my ear. 

"Tomorrow I'm taking your ass, slut," he growled. "Get ready. It's gonna hurt like hell, and you will cry and scream, and I won't stop." He kissed my ear and placed a pair of black pantyhose on the bed next to me. "Make sure we can see your pretty ass, honey. You need to cut a hole. And thanks for the hot outfit idea." Then he was gone.

An hour later there were eight men sitting around a table in Daddy's den, playing cards, drinking whiskey, and smoking cigars. Daddy's four girls were tending to their every need, all wearing the same matching outfit – nothing but assless black pantyhose, spiked heels, and their huge, jutting, naked titties.

Jamie was under the table bobbing up and down on a man's dick. Carrie, the 18-year-old blonde Daddy was buttfucking when I arrived, was moving around the table giving lap dances to each of the men. These weren't the lap dances you see in strip clubs, though. 

The men took turns pulling Carrie down into their laps, kissing her, fondling her breasts, sucking her nipples, putting their fingers in her mouth. Every single one of them fingered her, and every single one of them bent her over the table so they could tongue her asshole and eat her bald pussy from behind. They spanked her ass and slapped her tits and pulled her hair and forced her to masturbate for them. They passed her around the table like a huge-titty ragdoll, making her cum over and over as Jamie sucked and jerked their cocks off under the table. It was so fucking hot.

The fourth girl, the one I hadn't met when arrived, was named Janine. She had been assigned to one of the bedrooms; her job was to pleasure the men when they came in to use her. There was at least one man in there with her at all times during the party. At least twice there were two or three men in there with her. I could hear her moaning and wondered what they were doing with her tight little busty body. 

Later, to my delight, I saw one of the men take Carrie by the hand and lead her back into the bedroom so they could join Janine. The moans and cries I heard for the next hour made me certain about one thing: Janine and Carrie were dyking out with each other like porn stars. It made me extremely wet. God, I wanted to fuck these girls. And get fucked by them.

(I found out soon enough what happened in that bedroom, because it was my assignment at the next party. The men were allowed to do whatever they wanted to Daddy's slut girls except buttfuck us. That was a privilege Daddy only offered up on special occasions. His friends all had different private tastes – one wanted to eat pussy and asshole, one wanted to titfuck, one wanted to tie his girl up and pound her pussy bareback and cum deep inside her. One wanted a handjob while he watched gay porn. One guy wanted to watch two of girls 69ing and fucking each other with huge strap-ons. And one guy just wanted to force us to our knees and beat us up. He gave me a black eye.)

Anyway. My job at the party that night was to serve Daddy. I fetched his drinks and made him the snacks he wanted. I was there for his amusement. When I brought him a drink with crushed ice instead of cubed, he pulled me roughly over his lap so that my ass was up in the air, and he spanked me several times, right in front of his friends. They laughed and egged him on.

It stung and I loved it, but I started crying and apologizing as he beat my ass with his open hand, because I sensed that's what he wanted me to do. He wanted to show off his subservient new slut to these men. I saw some of them rubbing their cocks as they watched me cry. Daddy kept me over his knee for a long time, fingering my asshole as he played cards. Then he picked me up and bent me over the table in front of him and rimmed my asshole while his friends watched enviously. 

I loved having them watch. I looked each of them in the eye as Daddy slurped noisily on my asshole, lifting my heavy tits up so I could lick my own nipples, licking my lips, closing my eyes, moaning. 

After licking my ass for a few minutes, Daddy stood up and blasted a big load of cum all over my asshole. He hadn't even been stroking off; it was the rimjob that made him cum. 

I was thrilled when he ordered Jamie to get up off the floor and come eat his cum out of my ass. He made me turn around so everyone could watch her do it. I arched my back and pushed my ass into her face and spread my cheeks as she cleaned my anus with her sloppy wet tongue. It felt so good. She finished by planting a sloppy, wet kiss right on my puckered little starfish, and I knew she intended to continue her feast later, when were in Daddy's bed together. I shivered in anticipation.

Toward the end of the night, after Jamie had successfully made all the men cum in her mouth twice, Daddy pulled out his huge erection and slammed my head into his crotch. He was drunk. He ordered me to service his balls and called Jamie over to suck his cock. 

It was the grand finale of the evening – two hot, massive-titted sluts down on their knees giving their "Daddy" a dual blowjob, drooling on his shaft and balls, tongue-kissing each other at the same time. 

Jamie's hand snaked down behind me and found its way into the hole in my pantyhose. She began rubbing my anus. I relaxed into her hand and le her finger my ass. This girl had some very dykey tendencies, which I loved, because I have them, too. The men watched drunkenly as we pleasured Daddy and I knew they all envied him. They were all hard. I was very proud of my Daddy.

______________________________________________

Later that night, after all the guests had left, we four sluts and our eight enormous titties gathered in the living room, each taking a place next to Daddy on the sofa. We had a drink and my new fuck family finally oriented me to their deviant world. I learned a lot.

Carrie and Janine were both married, both housewives, both found by Daddy on Craigslist, just like me. He usually went to their houses during the week when their husbands were working and had his way with them. Their husbands thought the girls were best friends, which enabled them to take frequent weekend trips together. Of course they didn't really take "trips" – they went straight to Daddy's house to get hogtied and buttfucked. And to fuck each other, naturally.

Jamie was recently divorced, which explained why she'd be able to spend the night in bed with Daddy and me. She was exploring her kinky side these days. Daddy had found her at the local sex club – she was blindfolded and bound, getting gangbanged by a gaggle of men. Daddy took his turn and fucked her deep, then leaned down and told her she belonged to him now. She was hypnotized by his big dick and his commanding presence. She went home with him that night, and he forced her to the ground and pounded her ass so hard that she couldn't walk for three days. He'd said she needed to get assfucked into submission, and it had worked. She was totally devoted to him. She begged him to use her asshole every day.

There were five other girls, too, they told me, and I'd meet them soon. All beautiful, feminine girls with huge, succulent breasts. My head was spinning as I imagined all the yummy pussy-eating and titty-sucking possibilities. 

Next they explained Daddy's expectations of us. He entertained a lot. He had poker nights, dinner parties, and cocktail parties, and our duties at those varied from topless waitressing to servicing the guests sexually (like tonight). He also had sex parties – key parties, orgies, swinger gatherings, gangbangs. There was no telling what he'd force us to do at those, but it was always something, and it was usually demeaning, and we were always to obey. 

Every other month, Daddy hosted an anal sex party, and we were the main course. Our attendance was mandatory. The guests varied from party to party – sometimes it was his friends, other times his clients. Sometimes he went to the sex club and passed out fliers. Sometimes he went to the gym and invited all the black guys over. No matter what, these parties were always very well-attended, and Daddy's girls always got their asses fucked and filled up with sperm many, many times in a row.

At the last orgy, they told me, Daddy had roofied the hell out of Janine and taken her into the backyard when she passed out. He placed her face down in the dirt and pulled her skirt up over her waist and her panties down to her knees, exposing her amazing ass. He then told all his guests that there was a party favor out back for them to use. He estimated later that around 60 men had mounted and fucked Janine up the ass that night. All bareback. All depositing a big load of cum deep in her ass. 

When she woke up the next day with her face in the dirt and her asshole throbbing, Daddy told her what had happened. And she loved it. She begged him to plug her ass so she could keep the cum in her ass longer. Later that day, Daddy choked her and brutalized her asshole from behind with his enormous cock while they watched the video of her unconscious anal gangrape. They counted 72 men, all of whom used her ass, never her cunt. Only two of them pulled out. 

Daddy's other favorite thing, besides his sex parties, was taking his whores to a local truck stop gloryhole he knew about and forcing them down to the filthy floor to service all the men who stuck their cocks through. Sometimes they sucked the cocks, and sometimes they stuck their huge breasts through to get sucked and bitten and painted with jizz. 

But most of the time, Daddy made them back up against the hole and offer their assholes to the scores of anonymous perverts on the other side of the wall. Each one of Daddy's sluts had been buttfucked at least 20 times at the gloryhole. Sometimes, if the men asked nicely, Daddy would let them punch and piss and spit on his sluts when they were done using them. Watching this made Daddy insanely hard. The girls were all expecting a party soon where they'd get thrown to the ground and beaten up and raped and pissed on. And they'd all do it willingly for Daddy.

The trade-off for this abuse, they explained, was that I'd consistently be having the best sex imaginable...the kind of sex most people just fantasize about. Daddy would dominate me with his cock and his fists, and he would call me awful names and degrade me. But he'd also love and spoil me just like a princess. He'd make me cum over and over and over. 

So would the other girls.

None of Daddy's little sluts had been very anally experienced before they met him, but he had quickly whipped them into his own personal harem of depraved, bisexual, huge-titty butt sluts. His was a mostly anal household; Daddy rarely fucked their pussies with his dick. He didn't see the point in pussyfucking when every slut in the world had a tight little asshole to pound. He preferred to cram a big dildo in a slut's cunt and fuck her with it while he took her ass. 

(The girls all looked at me with wide eyes and wicked smiles when Daddy told them about his plans for my asshole tomorrow.)

Finally, in order wrap up my "orientation," they addressed the topic I'd been most curious about: Daddy's girls were allowed to fuck each other, but only with his prior permission. He almost always granted it, they said, and in return they were required to videotape their lesbian fuck session and send him the video immediately. One of their favorite activities as a "family" was watching these dyke-out videos. It always ended in a big lesbian orgy on the living room floor, with Daddy on the sofa calling them over one-by-one so he could stuff their tight assholes with his massive cock, fill them with cum, then send them back to the group to get the cum eaten out.

I couldn't fucking wait for this to happen. My pussy was spasming and creaming on the sofa cushion. 

Then Daddy reached out and took my hand in his. "Go home, sluts,' he barked at Janine and Carrie. "I'll be by to use you soon, don't worry. You'd best be waiting with your assholes open. Jamie, come to bed with us. Bring your biggest strap-on. It's time to teach our new pet some tricks." 

I gulped and let them lead me and my obscenely big titties into the bedroom.