 Checking my reflection one last time in the mirror before I went to meet my new Daddy, I was struck by how amazingly huge my tits looked.

They were stretching out the chest of the flimsy, nearly-sheer white tank top I'd chosen, even though it was loose everywhere else. You could see the contour of my hard nipples, just waiting to be noticed and tended to.

My firm, nubile titties jutted forth proudly, high and pointed. I beamed; I couldn't wait to show my big breasts off for Daddy. I couldn't wait to show everything off for him!

It was time to go. Nervously, excitedly, wearing a plaid skirt that barely concealed my ass and a tight jug-hugging top, carrying a purse with a huge dildo and my cell phone inside, I bounced my way out of the house and down the street.

___________________________________

The second I had the passenger door closed, before I'd even gotten a good look at him, Daddy grabbed me and shoved his tongue down my throat. Submissively, wanting to be a good girl for him, I opened my mouth wide to accept Daddy's deep, lusty kisses. We swirled our tongues together and ran our hands over each other frantically.

Daddy sucked my tongue into his mouth and I sighed softly as my nipples turned to stone. His big, strong hands circled my little waist and he groaned approvingly at its smallness.

Pulling back to look at his face, I realized Daddy already had his big cock out! He'd taken it out before I'd even gotten in the car! It snaked out through the open fly of his loose linen pants. It was rock hard and just as long as I'd imagined it, and just as fat, if not actually longer and fatter. I gasped at the lovely sight of it. Daddy chuckled softly at my reaction. He reached his left hand down to gently stroke his huge erection as he reclaimed my mouth with a deep tongue kiss.

Something about this lecherous, perverted action—him having that colossal erection exposed before I'd even gotten into the car—turned me on like crazy. I wanted him to be lecherous and perverted. I wanted this dirty old man to use me like his personal young cum-doll slut.

I imagined him sitting in his car outside my house when I was home with my husband, spying on me through a window as I washed dishes and vacuumed, pumping his big dick to the sight of me doing housework. I'd have to remember to start doing my chores braless.

Jesus. I wanted this man to use my body for every fuck fantasy he'd ever had.

Daddy's lips broke away from mine. "Does my babygirl like her Daddy's big pet snake?" he murmured, smiling.

"Oh, yes, Daddy," I replied eagerly. "I love it. I've never seen anything so huge in my life. I need you teach me how to pet it and kiss it to make it feel good."

"Daddy's going to teach you all sorts of things, honey," he said, reaching out with his right hand and roughly feeling my left breast up through my tank top. His left hand kept slowly stroking his big rod.

"But first things first," he continued. "I need to make some things perfectly clear before we go any further. Your Craigslist ad said you wanted to get together for tit-sucking. Now, at some point Daddy's gonna suck on those huge creamy jugs to his heart's content.

"But I need you to know, sweetheart, that this isn't gonna just be about titty-sucking. Like I said in my emails, I'm also going to fuck those giant jugs and use all your other holes, too, sweetheart. Including your little bottom. Daddy needs to fill up your little ass with his sperm. I won't be able to help myself.

"In fact, in addition to all the cocksucking you'll be doing, your most important duty as Daddy's babygirl involves you giving up your bottom to Daddy. I'll want to jerk off on it. I'll want to pick out your panties and skirts and watch you putting them on. I'll want to spank your naughty ass with my bare hands until you cry and beg me to stop.

"And of course," he continued sternly, "I'll need to finger that tight little butthole when I'm licking out your tasty twat. Daddy can't resist drilling his fingers all the way up a hot young girl's vulnerable ass when he has the chance, sweetie. In fact, don't ever expect me to resist anything, honey. The word "no" doesn't work on Daddy. If you say no, I will just use and abuse you even harder.

"Furthermore, you'll need to spread your cheeks open several times a day to give Daddy a quick taste of your sweet bottom. Like a snack, whenever Daddy wants it. Sometimes 50 times a day. And on top of all my snacks, you can expect me to bend you over so I can make a meal out of your delicious asshole, too, every day for at least an hour. There's nothing in this world your Daddy loves and needs more than eating a pretty girl's ass. Daddy gets his fuel from eating out young pink bottoms like yours.

"Okay, sweetie, I'm giving you one last chance to back out of this arrangement. If you stay, from this moment on, I'll no longer be asking you for permission to do anything. I'll be telling you what's going to happen. I will take absolutely anything I want from you, when I want it, and I will ignore all your pathetic cries and protests. I will be extremely forceful with you, I will degrade you, I will use you, and I will hurt you physically on a regular basis.

"But, babygirl, I will also take care of you and spoil you like a little princess. I will keep you 100% sexually satisfied and constantly aroused. I will even love you. I will lose my temper on you and use you roughly in order to relieve my stress and anger, but I will always kiss and make everything better. I will hold you in my arms and cuddle and pet you to sleep.

So that's my spiel. Are we clear? It's time to choose. Are you my babygirl?"

My cunt drooled thickly at his words. "Yes, Daddy. My body belongs to you. I'm yours for as long as you want to use me. I want to be my Daddy's obedient, loving little cum receptacle. My holes are yours to use, Daddy. Even my tight little virgin bottom." Daddy raised his eyebrow at that last piece of news, his left hand pumping bit faster on his thick shaft, his right hand stroking my breasts, which were rising and falling as I wiggled with excitement.

"Good girl," he whispered. "You saved your young little bottom for Daddy. I will make it mine, and I will make very good use of it, but I will not be kind, do you understand? I have no problem buttfucking you while you're crying and begging me to stop. In fact, your tears will make Daddy's cock even harder and bigger.

"And one other thing. Listen carefully. Daddy will never, ever wear a condom or use a dental dam. Daddy knows you're an innocent little girl who could never give him a disease. And as for Daddy...well, if he has a disease then his babygirl does, too. Understand?"

"Yes, Daddy. But what about having babies?" I asked. I wasn't on the pill.

Daddy removed his big right hand from where it had been kneading my breast, and in his first show of physical dominance, reached up and firmly slapped me across the face. "Shut up, little slut bitch. It's not your turn to speak. Daddy was talking."

I nodded shyly as his hand returned to squeezing my fleshy breast, my cheek burning from his hard slap. His left hand pumped his dick a little faster, and I realized how much slapping me had turned him on. Good. I wanted him to abuse me over and over. I'd enjoy every moment of it, just as I'd enjoy the "making it up to me" part that came after.

Daddy continued. "Now. Sit back in your seat, shut the fuck up, and face forward. Relax. Do not put on your seat belt." I did as he said. He shifted the car into gear and began to drive as he continued talking.

"The thing is, sweetheart, Daddy won't get you pregnant because Daddy wants to pull out and shoot his special milk all over your body. Daddy's big fuck rod blasts out loads of special milk if it gets handled the right way, and I'll be teaching you all about that. For the most part, I'll be coating your slut titties and your gorgeous face with my sperm, not to mention your plump little white ass. But when Daddy wants to put his special salty milk inside you, well, he'll put it down your throat or up your naughty little bottom. Understand?"

"Yes, Daddy. I understand." By this point I couldn't feel my legs. I was sliding around in my own pussy cream on Daddy's leather seat as the car glided through the dark. The skirt I'd worn without panties was so short that I was actually sitting my bare ass and pussy right on the seat. I wondered if I'd get in trouble for the mess my cunt was making. I sure hoped so.

"And, of course, if your Daddy wants to put a baby inside you, that will be his prerogative. So the choice is yours—take your tramp ass to the doctor and get on birth control, or wait to see if Daddy falls in love with you deeply enough that he allows you to have his baby.

He kept driving, his eyes on the road. "In fact, one of my sluts is pregnant with my child now, although her idiot husband thinks it's his. Her enormous breasts have gotten even bigger, and they're even rounder and more sensitive and swollen than they were before. She comes over every morning to have me service them. I squeeze, pinch, stroke, lick, suck, bite, slap, and fuck those jugs until she cums in my lap. I'm very good to my pregnant babygirls."

I sat obediently in the passenger seat next to my gorgeous new Daddy, listening to him hungrily, facing forward as I'd been instructed. My ample tits jutted straight ahead, straining the material of my top, jiggling softly as we drove. He was still jerking off with his left hand, driving with his right. I wished I could take this man inside me right then—into my mouth, my cunt, my ass. I didn't care, I just wanted him to use me and let me lap up his sperm.

I resisted the urge to reach out to him and instead began gently grinding my wet cunt against the seat, enjoying the stimulation on my clit. Daddy put the blinker on and made a left turn into a dark construction site, a future residential area. My pussy was thumping and my heart began to pound in my chest, anticipating Daddy stopping the car in this isolated area to push me into the backseat and fuck my tits, or maybe let me suck on his huge dick. Or maybe even mount my virgin ass and claim me as his property. I shivered, imagining Daddy calling me his little slut as his cock drilled all the way up my mega-tight ass, pushing past my pain and making me scream and squeal for more.

"Okay, my darling babygirl. It's time to be a slut for Daddy and show me what you're made of," he said, still driving, snapping me back to reality. "I want you to stay facing forward. I want you to lean back in your seat, just relax, and pull down your tank top and expose those big soft titties for Daddy. Let me have a look at my new fucktoy's little trampy body."

Pussy dripping, mouth watering, I relaxed back into my seat and began slowly pulling my top down, revealing my massive jugs an inch at a time, teasingly exposing the milky flesh of my cleavage, until finally my giant pair popped out and sprung forward toward the dashboard, high and proud on my chest, tipped with pretty half-dollar-sized pink areolas and cute little bite-sized gumdrop nipples.

My tits were as big as basketballs but shaped more like footballs, slightly cone-shaped and pointy, jutting out in front of me like naughty, creamy, fuckable torpedoes. In fact, several of my exes had nicknamed me "Torpedo Tits." At the moment, riding in Daddy's expensive car, they looked even bigger than their already massive 36H. They were shooting forward, at least a foot from my chest, maybe even 16 inches. It was like my breasts had swelled up in response to Daddy's kisses and touches and the naughty things he'd said. And seeing him stroke his huge rod, of course.

He turned on an interior light. It felt so hot and forbidden, having my vulgarly large tits on display as I rode through a deserted neighborhood with this sexy stranger. No one was around to see in, but still. It felt very...slutty. I sorta wished there were people to see.

I loved imagining all the chaste, God-fearing families who would soon purchase homes in this neighborhood. I imagined them sitting hand-in-hand around their dinner tables, praying together before they ate, never knowing about the young girl who'd once been crudely tit-fucked by her Daddy master right in the spot where their table now stood. Never knowing about the time the hot young housewife had been bent over the hood of an expensive car, right where their living room now was, and gotten buttfucked roughly by a man who was not her husband, as she screamed "Daddy! Yes, fuck my ass, Daddy! Make love to me in my naughty bottom!"

I snapped myself out of this reverie. I had no idea what Daddy's plans for me were, but I knew there was no need to fantasize; I was living a fantasy right now. He was admiring my huge bare jugs out of the corner of his eye, still driving, still stroking that dream cock with his left hand.

My big breasts bounced when we went over bumps, so naturally Daddy began taking the bumps faster, watching my tits jiggle and quiver in response. The air conditioner blew frigid air onto my chest, and my nipples had never been as hard and sensitive as they were in that moment. They were desperate for Daddy's big hands and sucking mouth.

And then, just like that, Daddy pulled the car over, put it in park, turned off the engine, and kept jacking off as he told me what was gonna happen next.