 This is a fictional story about two adults engaging in consensual "Daddy"/girl age roleplay. This is not an incest story; the characters are not related. Please note, at no point in this story is there any reference to sex with a minor. The woman in the story is in her twenties, and even during the age-play scenarios, she is intended to be 18+ and should be interpreted as such. The "Daddy" nickname is simply intended as a term of endearment.

*****

"Now, honey," said my handsome new "Daddy" friend as he killed the engine, turning so he could fully drink in my epic breasts. 

"Remember this. From this point forward, those huge fucking jugs of yours don't even belong to you. They belong to Daddy, and so does the rest of you. Okay?" 

My cunt was gushing. I'm 26 years old, but role-playing as a submissive 18-year-old slut for a powerful, demanding Daddy-type is what I live for. I was in absolute fantasyland as I sat in the passenger seat of Daddy's expensive car. I nodded. 

"That's a good girl. Now. I want you to spit on them. Spit and drool and slobber on those enormous fucking breasts, baby," he instructed.

I didn't hesitate, happy to have a command from Daddy. I opened my mouth and let a string of saliva fall down and disappear in the deep valley between my big naked tits. 

"Keep it up, sweetheart," Daddy instructed. "Keep slobbering on those delicious ripe melons. Better you than me at this point, baby, because once I start drooling on those giant titties, I won't be able to stop myself from cramming my big Daddy dick all the way up all your sweet, tiny holes."

I kept drooling on my tits as Daddy stared lustily at me through lowered eyelids. He had his massive, rigid cock in his left hand, and was stroking it with increasing fervor as I coated my breasts generously with saliva. I could see my spit glistening all over the sloped tops of my oversized tits, running slowly and thickly toward the tips of my nipples. The air conditioner blew frigid air, drying the spit, making the sensation nearly unbearable. 

"Okay, baby," he said. "Such beautiful, suckable, fuckable breasts. Now you're going to get your dildo out and slide it up your tight little cunt, got it? I want you to put on a show for me. Do you want to put on a hot little show to please Daddy?" I did. I nodded eagerly.

"Ok, baby, I want you to keep sitting up, facing forward like before when I was driving, still slobbering all over those huge jugs of yours like the dumb whore you are, and I want you to sit on and ride your dildo for Daddy. Got it?" 

It was. I frantically rummaged for my purse and located the dildo I'd brought, my favorite one, a realistic and veiny eight-inch rubber dong, flesh-colored, complete with a big set of balls at the base. It had a suction cup under the balls, which I affixed to the leather seat, balls facing toward the back so I'd feel them against my ass as I rode. I moved my hips up and guided the big head toward my dripping slit. 

"Do you need any lube, sweetie?" asked Daddy, his voice thick with lust as he watched.

"No, Daddy. My pussy is very, very wet, thanks to you," I said. And with that I slid the big fake cock into my dripping pussy, lowering my hips down on it, impaling myself on my favorite toy cock, my cunt lips squeezing around it wetly as I sat all the way down.

Daddy grunted at the sight and the wet sounds. "That's it. Now cram it up that wet cunt, you horny little bitch. Ride that cock for Daddy. You just wish that fake dick were as big as your Daddy's. Someday, little cunt. Someday I'll treat you to a ride on my huge rod. Someday I'll fuck your silly little brains out." 

So there I sat in the passenger seat, my enormous tits bare and begging for love, with a huge dildo buried in my cunt. God, I was so ready to get my holes filled by this wonderful, huge-cocked stranger I was calling Daddy. I'd never been so ready. I loved hearing him talk to me like this, calling me names, promising to give me his big dick someday. 

I did as he said, sliding my body up and down on the big dildo, starting to ride it. I'd sit down hard until it was to-the-hilt in my greedy, sopping wet pussy, then I'd lift myself almost all the way off so I could slam myself back down again. It felt very, very good.

I gripped the armrests on either side of me as I struggled for the leverage I needed, then I finally just moved my legs up so they were tucked underneath me on the seat. In that position I found a powerful riding rhythm, bouncing earnestly on that dong as I fucked myself senseless.

I couldn't control the moans that escaped my lips. Loud and breathy. I reached down with my right hand and rubbed my clit frantically, my head thrown back, eyes closed, mouth open, my drool glistening all over my enormous chest as it moved with my body. 

Daddy was now jerking off emphatically as he watched me bounce on that big dong. "Good girl. My girl is such a slut for huge dicks, isn't that right?" I nodded. "Good girl. Daddy's sweet huge-titty cumslut. I can hear your cunt slobbering all over that fake cock. Only sluts have cunts that wet. You're nothing but a little slut in heat and you need to have all your tight holes filled up by Daddy. You just wait til you feel that cunt stretching around Daddy's huge cock. Daddy's gonna pound your naughty pussy so hard. Your virgin asshole, too."

I was building toward climax, listening intently to his hot dirty talk, getting off on his words. The way he was talking was too much, too perfect. 

Then, as if on cue, he reached over with his right hand and shoved two of his fingers into my mouth. "Get those fingers nice and wet, slut," he said. I spit and drooled on his fingers liberally. 

Daddy moved his spit-soaked fingers from my mouth to my naked left breast and began stroking and pinching the nipple with those slippery, spit-soaked fingers. It felt like a soft tongue was licking and nibbling at my nipple. It felt amazing.

I pushed my tits out even further and, still riding my dildo up and down, moved my right hand from my clit up to my mouth so I could drool on my own fingers. I began to stroke my right nipple the same way Daddy was stroking the left. 

With my eyes closed it felt like two separate tongues were licking my erect nipples. I was in heaven. Having both of my big titties suckled at the same time is my fucking favorite thing in the world. I groaned loudly, knowing an orgasm was imminent. 

"Oh, Daddy," I sighed. I began to move my body up and down fast and hard, causing my massive, pointed titties to bounce and wobble and knock together prettily for Daddy. I wanted him to see how hot they'd look when I was riding his cock. His big hard Daddy cock that I wanted so much. 

I was gonna cum. "Ohh, yes, Daddy. My pussy wants to cum, Daddy. I want to cum on my Daddy's dick so bad. I'm gonna be Daddy's favorite little titty-slut. Yess. Ohhhh, no, no, Daddy...my cunt's about to cream all over your expensive leather..." I trailed off, losing my voice, intense orgasmic pleasure building in strong waves.

"It's okay, honey," he said gruffly, using his left hand to stroke his huge cock furiously as he watched me. "Daddy wants you to cum now, sweetheart. Bounce on that big dick. Good girl. Bounce those huge firm juggies for Daddy. Show Daddy what he's missing, baby."

Having gotten his permission, I came like a freight train. I started riding that dildo like my life depended on it, cunt cream gushing out, moaning as my huge tits bouncing high, slapping together, jiggling, practically hitting me in the face. 

I could see Daddy out of the corner of my eye, jerking off and ogling my perfect tits as they bounced and swayed. He was probably imagining me riding his dick, facing him, ordering me to bounce my pretty jugs for him as he blasted his huge load inside me. I couldn't wait to give him a proper titty-show, preferably in a big bed, riding him boldly with his dick up my ass.

I was screaming out gibberish as my pussy gushed and spasmed. "Oh, fuck, Daddy! Ooohh! Daddy Daddy Daddy! Yes Daddy! I love Daddy! Daddy's good girl, ahhhh! Daddy's huge cock! Mmm, love my titties Daddy! Daddy's good girl!" I gasped. I didn't even know what I was saying. I just knew I was cumming hard for Daddy like I'd been told to do. And it felt fantastic.

As my climax began to ebb and I slowed my riding, I looked over to see that Daddy had stopped stroking his dick. He sat there staring at me, a stern expression on his face. He looked at my lips, then raked his eyes down over my mega-busty body with a primal glint in his eyes. Then he grinned and gestured toward his lap. 

"It's time, slut. Time to suck on your Daddy's big purple lollipop, sweetie," he said. My heart soared as my cunt spasmed with the aftershocks of my intense orgasm. Finally! I thought. He wants me to suck his dick, yum! 

But before I could even obey, Daddy reached over and grabbed me roughly by the back of the head, gripping a fistful of my hair with his big hand, and with a low growl, he pulled my head down into his lap. 

I took a deep breath and braced myself, ready to greet his monster cock with my hungry mouth.