 *************
This is a fictional story about adults engaging in consensual "Daddy"/girl age roleplay. This is not an incest story; the characters are not related. Please note, at no point in this story is there any reference to sex with a minor. The women are all written as 18+ and should be interpreted as such. The "Daddy" nickname is simply intended as a term of endearment.
*************

Jamie and I practically ran into Daddy's bedroom, and he was right on our heels. He adjusted the tripod next to his king-sized bed and shifted the camera to "record" mode. Oh my. We were about to make a porno. I was salivating.

Daddy turned to Jamie and me. "Now come to Daddy, my darling little cunts," he drawled. He was drunk. But Jamie and I both bounced our huge naked titties over to Daddy, giggling our way into his arms. He hugged us both tightly and bent his head down to kiss me. We shared a deep, wet kiss, then he leaned over to share one with Jamie. 

He had put an arm around each of our waists, and as he French-kissed Jamie, his hands snaked down to simultaneously fondle our backsides. He moaned as his hands found their way through those slutty access holes in our stockings. He filled his hands with the soft flesh of our taut young asses and pulled me in to join their kiss. The three of us swirled our tongues together hungrily in a three-way kiss as Daddy sternly finger-fucked our bottoms. 

I'm pretty sure it's impossible for Daddy to just touch an ass and not eat it. As soon as he withdrew his fingers from our anuses, he walked over to a chair in the corner of the bedroom and sat down, motioning for us to follow. "Assume the position," he commanded. 

Uh-oh. What was the "position?" I was frozen.

Daddy laughed. "Okay, honeycunt, here's your first lesson. When I say "assume the position," you will all be lined up in front of me within 10 seconds. It's called 'heeling,' like what dogs do. You will then turn around so that your back is to me. You will lower your pants down to your knees or pull your skirts up over your waists. You sure as fuck won't have panties on. Finally, you will bend over with your ass in the air and touch your toes. At that point I will do whatever the fuck I want with your assholes. Fuck them, eat them, plug them, beat them. You'll take what Daddy gives you. And you will remain like that until I say you may stop."

I nodded as he continued. It seemed pretty straightforward. It also sounded fucking hot. "One time, Miss Jamie here took longer than her permitted ten seconds to heel. Do you know how long I made her touch her toes for that infraction? Eight hours. I threw her a couple pity buttfucks to help her pass the time, and even invited a bunch of guys I saw in the Home Depot parking lot to come over and use her asshole, but other than that she just suffered through it silently. I was proud of my buttslut baby." 

Daddy stood up and disrobed, revealing the 12-inch erection he'd been growing, and sank back down into his chair. He grinned up at us. "Let's try this one more time, sluts. Assume the position."

So Jamie and I stood side-by-side, facing away from him, our asses lining up perfectly with his face, and bent forward to touch our toes. We were close enough together that our hips were touching. He told us to spread our cheeks for him, and as we both revealed our little rosebuds to Daddy, he let out a grunt of pleasure and dove into my ass nose-first. He rimmed my anus for about 20 seconds, then switched to Jamie's, then came back to mine. And so it went. This must be like an all-you-can-eat buffet for him, I thought, as I accepted his probing tongue deep in my rectum. I loved it when he licked me there.

Ten minutes later, he planted a wet tongue-kiss to each of our puckered little assholes, and was finished. He smacked our butts. "Go get in the bed, darlings," he said softly.

"Without you, Daddy?" asked Jamie.

"Yes. For now. Daddy wants to watch you two become sweethearts. My two bustiest whores in Daddy's big bed, with their fucking Mount Everest titties out, making love with each other. Jamie, don't forget, our new pet needs some lovemaking tonight. Because tomorrow all she's gonna do is scream."

I gulped. He smiled at me wickedly and wrapped his hand around his fat cock. Jesus, he was hard. And big. His erection protruded more than 12 inches from his body. It almost looked fake, as if he had a ridiculously oversized gag-gift dildo on his lap. But he didn't. That thing was all Daddy; I knew because I'd had it crammed down my gullet before. 

Jamie and I both regarded his member with awe and prepared to submit our slutty bodies up for Daddy's use and disposal. But he surprised us. He sat down in a chair in the corner of the room. "Get in Daddy's bed together, my little dykes," he said again, smiling and working his hand up and down his shaft up. "Daddy wants a pretty show. I'm gonna sit here and stroke off to you little rugmunchers. Don't mind me. Unless I tell you to do something, of course."

Jamie and I held hands and made our way over to Daddy's king-sized bed, but somehow we started mauling each other's bodies before we could even climb in. Instead we just stood there next to the bed and wrapped our arms around each other and shared the most erotic and unforgettable lesbian kiss in the history of the universe. Slow, deep, wet, and very sloppy. Jamie circled her arms tightly around my waist and pulled me in, her hands gripping my asscheeks possessively. I slid my arms around her neck and tangled all ten of my fingers in her long russet hair, twisting and pulling slightly. We were moaning and cooing into each other's mouths as we welded our tongues together.

Some minutes later, as I licked my tongue down Jamie's neck and up her throat and into her ear, I realized we were both covered in our own saliva. We'd been slobbering down our chins and onto our chests without even realizing it as we tongued and sucked and explored each other's mouths. 

But when we looked down and saw our breasts smushed together and glistening with our own spit, we frantically resumed our makeout session, locking our lips together almost savagely. This time, we swapped our spit on purpose and allowed ourselves to drool all over each other. We were both in utter heaven.

Our cunts were both on fire as we drank each other's spit and groped and slobbered and necked. Someone listening at the door would've thought we were sucking 20 cocks in here; that's how loud and wet and lusty our smacking was. 

Jamie groaned into my mouth and pulled my asscheeks apart so she could stroke her finger along my crack. "Fuuuuck. I want you, baby," she whispered into my ear. "I want to devour your pussy and ass." 

I couldn't help myself. I pushed Jamie down onto the bed, pinning her flat on her back, and climbed on top of her, straddling her hips, sitting straight up with my hands on her waist so I could admire my brand-new lover's beautiful body. Her massive tits pointed straight up and defied all laws of physics. They were magical. So creamy and soft and smooth, so fucking big, so fucking round. Tipped with pert, rosy nipples that looked like the kind of candy you could suck on for hours. My own personal mountain range to explore. With candy at the top. 

Jamie was smiling up at me, desire clouding her gorgeous features, silently pleading with me to come and climb her mountains. I returned her gaze, mirroring her desire, and bent down to claim this delicious reward—sucking on and servicing the biggest, hottest set of tits I have ever seen.

Jamie groaned and sighed and writhed underneath me as I lapped and stroked and suckled her mammoth breasts. I knew first-hand how good it felt to have your freakishly large chest worshipped by an eager mouth. Tonight, I was the eager mouth, and Jamie's tits were the only thing on my menu. 

I gave every square inch of those rosy-peaked mountains a thorough tongue bath, occasionally moving my lips up to hers for a taste of that cherry tongue. She bucked her hips upward, trying to find some friction against her clit, grinding and fucking her hips up into mine desperately. I answered her thrusts with my own and we humped against each other as I lapped hungrily at her breasts. She was going wild underneath me. I wished I had a big cock to give her, so I could fill up her needy pussy and watch her face while she came. 

And suddenly Jamie's hands were clutching my ass cheeks as she squirmed and thrashed beneath me, begging me to stop. I sat back up and looked down into her face, ready to give her everything I owned if she asked me for it. 

Jamie stared up at my tits and said weakly, "Fuck, baby. My pussy...I'm about to cum. I'm so close. But I don't know if I can."

We'd both sort of forgotten Daddy was in the room, and I'd definitely forgotten about needing permission to cum. We both turned to face him, still sitting there in his chair, completely naked, leering at our horny lesbian display as he frantically pumped his big dick. He nodded. "Cum," he sputtered, jacking his cock even faster than before. 

I looked back down at my new lover. Her eyes met mine and I could see in them how badly she wanted me. I was bound and goddamned determined to make this beautiful creature cum for me. I reached behind me and placed my hand firmly against her mound, stroking her delicate pussylips through the pantyhose she still wore. I could feel heat pouring off her cunt. I used my fingernails to tear through the hose, needing to reach her naked pussy more than I'd ever needed anything in my life. 

And I got there. Still straddling her like a cowgirl, still facing her, looking down at her face and breasts as she looked up at mine, I fingered Jamie's juicy little cunt just like my life depended on it. I found her little button clit and massaged it in circles, applying just the right amount of pressure, watching her face to see what pleased her the most. I masturbated her pretty pussy as if it were my own, and two minutes later she squealed and bucked and arched her back and thrust her tits out and threw her head back and came on my hand with all her might. I felt her cunt spasming as it glazed my fingers with gooey rivulets of girlcum.

I couldn't pass up the opportunity to get a taste of Jamie's yummy girl goo. I glided my fingers slowly through the folds of her flooded pussy as she gasped and sputtered with the aftershocks of her orgasm. I marveled at how slippery and slimy she was. It was very hot. Of course, looking down at her beautiful face, her eyes looking into mine, hearing her satisfied purrs...I was just as slippery and slimy as she was. I dipped two fingers into her slit, stroking up and down, back and forth, stopping to press gently against her anus, moving slowly back up to her clit. Soft, soothing strokes along my lover's spent pussy. And my mission paid off—I'd managed to snag a scoop of Jamie's pussycream.

I brought my fingers to my nose and smiled down at her as I breathed in the scent of her glorious pussy. She looked at me lovingly as I licked one of my fingers dry. 

"I'm gonna eat you up," she murmured. "I'm gonna make you forget your name."

I replied by moving my other cream-coated finger up to my breasts and smearing Jamie's cum on my nipples. She gasped and swore under her breath and squeezed my ass, licking her lips greedily as I bent to offer her my chest. My twin H-cups meant I barely had to bend at all in order to get my nipples into her mouth. Jamie looked me directly in the eyes and proceeded to clean her cream off my nipples, one slurp at a time.

"Suck my big tits," I whispered to her, remembering the ad I'd placed on Craigslist that had led me to Daddy. 

And she did. But Jamie and I were just getting started.