 Suck My Big Tits 5

*************
This is a fictional story about two adults engaging in consensual “Daddy”/girl age roleplay. This is not an incest story; the characters are not related. Please note, at no point in this story is there any reference to sex with a minor. The woman in the story is in her twenties, and even during the age-play scenarios, she is intended to be 18+ and should be interpreted as such. The “Daddy” nickname is simply intended as a term of endearment.
*************

I wasn’t exactly sure where to find three different men who’d be willing to jerk off on my tits, but I knew it would be easy. Men just can’t resist a natural 36H chest on a slender body. A lot of women can’t either… even women who claim to be straight.

I also knew I’d do whatever it took to complete my assignments and prove myself worthy for Daddy. I wanted to see him again more than I’d ever wanted anything. I was going to make this happen. I just needed three strangers to cum on my tits.

I decided to find my first “victim” in the same magical place where I’d found the sexy, well-hung stranger I now called Daddy—the man who treated me like an 18-year-old fresh-out-of-high-school princess, even though I was actually 26 and married—on Craigslist, of course. Why not? 

So I posted an ad under “Casual Encounters,” attaching one of the photos Daddy had taken in his car of my jumbo cum-drenched jugs. 

The title of the posting was simply “Cum on My Big Perfect Tits.” Here’s what it said:

'Busty white 26-year-old housewife with major cum fetish seeks horny man to come to my house and jerk off on my perfect all-natural 36H tits and blast your jizz all over them. I want to watch as you stroke off to my big titties and drench them in your semen. 
Then, as your cum is slowly dripping and coating my big breasts, I want you to photograph them. I love how they look with cum all over them. I’ll even send you one of the photos later so you can jerk off to my huge torpedo titties over and over again. 

Age/race/physique not important. I just need your hard cock ready and willing to unload lots of sperm all over my enormous chest.
Not surprisingly, within 60 seconds of the post going live, my inbox was flooded with replies from horned-up men. I wasn’t feeling selective, though. In fact, I rather enjoyed the idea of some ugly pervert coming over to paint my huge jugs creamy white. He’d never forget it, that’s for sure.' 

It was with an open mind that I clicked on the very first reply, which had appeared in my inbox about five seconds after my ad was published:

'I’ll jizz up them beautiful boobies, mami. Let me have a chance. I haven’t came [sic] in a week so my load will be huge. Just like those boobs. My wife says my cum tastes yummy, if you want to taste it. Any chance you’d let me oil up and fuck them huge cupcakes, mami? I’d love to see my tool get swallowed up by them huge things. —Jimmy'

I wrote him back right away. 'Hey Jimmy! You seem like a sweetheart. But no, there’s no chance I’ll let you fuck my breasts, at least not today, and I won’t be tasting your semen. It’s very important that we not actually touch. The only part of you that can touch me is your jizz. If you’re still interested, I’m alone right now and would like you to come give me what I need as soon as possible. My huge titties are aching to be all spermed up by my sweet new friend Jimmy.'

He replied right away and told me he was very eager to come over, and just like that, I gave him my address. It made my pussy wet to give out such personal information to a stranger. 

I imagined him stalking me, jerking off through an open window as I performed my nightly ritual: removing my bra and letting my heavy, massive breasts spring forward, slowly massaging coconut oil into my sensitive, creamy titflesh, then lifting my jugs up to my lips one at a time so I could close my eyes and suck the oil off my nipples. I imagined him blackmailing me, threatening to tell my husband about my titty-whoring ways if I wouldn’t let him come over for a greased-up tittyfuck or a slobbery blowjob every time he wanted it. But honestly, the thought of all this made me desperately wet. Let him blackmail me! I’d just give him what he wanted, every single time. When it comes to pleasing cocks, I’m happy to negotiate with terrorists.

Knowing Jimmy was on his way over, I pulled my top off and squirted a little bit of baby oil onto my giant breasts, massaging it in, taking care to stroke and tweak my nipples, which were now rock-hard. I wanted my titties to look beautiful for Jimmy. Especially for the pics he’d be taking for my sexy Daddy. 

I pulled on a pair of sheer black boy-short panties that accentuated my toned bubble butt and decided that was enough clothing. I knew the slit of my bald cunt was showing through the fabric in front. Jimmy was going to love it. 

I was just going to answer the door topless. Fuck it. If a neighbor saw, who cared? In fact, I wanted a neighbor to see. Maybe whoever saw my yummy super-sized jugs would come over and ring the doorbell and be grateful just to cum all over them. 

It didn’t take long for the doorbell to ring, and I eagerly ran to answer it, naked tits bouncing high, pussy already dripping wet. I flung the door open and saw Jimmy’s eyes bulge as he took in my jumbo breasts. They were jutting and wobbling prettily, the pink nipples pointing directly at him, inviting him inside. I gestured for him to come in and closed the door behind him, smiling. 

Jimmy was 19 years old, a big-muscled and fairly short-statured Latino with an adorable smile, thick black hair, and dark olive skin. He was wearing loose basketball shorts that barely concealed the big erection he was growing as he admired my huge naked chest.
“Jeez, mami,” he said, grinning. “I’ve never seen titties like that, not even in porno. They’re gigantic but they’re not even sagging. Fuck. They’re pointing right at me, mami. They remind me of one of those animated Japanese girls in those huge-titty 3D pornos.” 
He couldn’t stop staring at them. I couldn’t blame him; they were fucking gorgeous. “How big are they?” he asked, licking his lips. “Are they real? They look real.”

“36H, and yes, they’ve very real,” I replied, flattered. “So, I guess that means you like them, Jimmy? You like my giant juggies?” I bounced cutely and jiggled my breasts for him. He nodded emphatically, staring, rubbing his hands together, practically drooling. 

I was standing over two feet away from my new young friend, but my nipples were closer to him than they were to me. My cunt flooded at the realization of just how big my balloon tits really were, and I dropped to my knees in front of him. “Show me how much you like my huge titties, Jimmy.”

He didn’t hesitate, lowering his shorts just enough to pull his cock and balls out. His prick was smooth and bigger than average. His balls were huge, covered with short-trimmed black pubic hair. He was rock-hard as he began to slowly pump his shaft.

“Mmm. That’s a mighty pretty cock you have, Jimmy. I wanna see how you stroke it. Hold out your hand,” I purred. He did, and I drooled a generous amount of saliva into his hand, being careful not to touch him. He groaned at this gesture and used my spit to begin jacking off. 

I leaned back and sat on my heels, thrusting my breasts out for him to admire and stroke to, making sure he could also see my sexy pussy slit through my sheer panties. I made sure my jugs wobbled and jounced for my tit-crazy young cum-machine.

Jimmy’s eyes were fixated on my jumbo titties as he groaned and furiously stroked his young rod. Occasionally his gaze would move up to my mouth, then right back down to my chest, then down to my pretty cunt. I knew he was dreaming of a hot tittyfuck-BJ combo followed by a balls-deep pussyfuck. I could also tell he was “big tit” man. God, I love men who covet huge breasts. My pussy creamed beneath me, flooding the crotch of my see-through panties. I was getting very turned on by how much Jimmy loved my jugs.

“Make them bounce for me, mami, like if you were riding up and down on my dick,” he stammered. I began to do just that, until my breasts were bouncing earnestly, nearly hitting me in the chin. I knew how much men loved to watch them bounce. My pussy surged with cream as I watched Jimmy stroke off to my huge bouncing titties.

“Yeah. I’m gonna cum, mami. I’m gonna cum a lot. Damn. You’re such a fucking slut,” he groaned.

“Shoot on my chest, baby,” I purred. “My titties are so lonely for your yummy jizz. I want you to fucking coat them with your hot cum, Jimmy.” 

He responded by pointing his cock at my chest, grunting, and blasting a thick rope of semen all over my big jugs. Warm and creamy. Perfect. I loved it. My pussy was soaking wet.

Jimmy blasted three or four more good-sized doses of cum onto my eager breasts as I squealed and wiggled and bounced for him. He was right, it was a lot. My whole chest was drenched, and he had managed to get some on both of my nipples, which felt fucking wonderful. 

I wanted very badly to taste Jimmy’s young sperm, to suck it right off my nipples and feel it sliding down my throat. I resisted the urge, though, thinking about Daddy and his hands and his tongue and his enormous cock. Daddy would be rewarding me very soon for being such a good girl. 

“Very nice, Jimmy,” I cooed up to him from my spot on the floor. “So perfect. Thank you for giving me your big load, honey. Such a pretty dick and such a nice hot load of cum. And such good aim! Now, do you think you can remain standing long enough to take a few photos of my jizzy titties?” Jimmy nodded eagerly. 

I handed my phone to Jimmy already set to camera mode. I looked up into the camera and squeezed my cum-drenched melons together, nipples pointing sweetly right into the camera for Daddy, and flashed my prettiest, most seductive smile. 

“Make sure you can see all the jizz on them, sweetie,” I said. Jimmy nodded and smiled and clicked away, taking pic after pic of my giant cum-soaked jugs, making sure he got every possible angle. I posed until he was satisfied with the pics he’d gotten.

“Okay, all done, mami. So how did I do? Did I give you what you needed?” Jimmy asked, pulling his shorts back up. He was still ogling my chest.

“You were great, sweetie,” I said. “So wonderful. My breasts were so thirsty for your jizz, and you gave them the big drink they needed. I’m actually a very naughty little cum slut, Jimmy. And you have a very nice cock that would be so much fun to suck and fuck sometime in the future. Maybe someday we can play together for real and you can suck on my nipples. I can tell you want to. And I’d love to suck you off and tickle your pretty balls and swallow your cum. But for now, honey, my body belongs to someone else. That’s the only reason we’re not fucking in my bed right now.”

I opened the front door for him as I continued. “In fact, so you understand, Jimmy, this was all for…my man. He wanted me to have a stranger cum all over my jugs and take photos so he can jerk off to them.”

“But doesn’t that make him jealous?” Jimmy asked. “I mean, if I had access to a huge pair of titties like yours, I’d keep the slut chained to my bed, covered in a thousand loads of my cum.”

“No, he’s not jealous,” I answered, thinking about Daddy. “He loves it. He’s just teaching me who’s in charge. Showing me that he owns my body. He knows how much I love cum, so he makes me take loads of it all over my chest, but he won’t allow me to touch the man who’s jizzing on me, or suck his dick, or taste his yummy sperm, or get my horny little cunt fucked by him. 

“It’s his special way of possessing and controlling my body. The pics you took are for him and his friends to jerk off and cum to, which shows me how he’s still using me as his little cum receptacle even when he’s not with me. And being used as his cum receptacle is all I want in the whole world.”

Jimmy nodded, grinning, genuinely interested. “Okay, mami, if you say so. But, God, your big titties are so hot. So is the rest of you. Cute little bubble-butt. I’d love to fuck you doggy and spank your ass and reach under to squeeze those huge cannons. But hey, I feel you. You have my email, mami. Just get in touch if you ever want me to come fuck you. I’ll be here in a heartbeat. My wife doesn’t give a fuck. She likes it, actually. Also, I’d love one of those titty pics I took, if you’re up for it. I’ll stroke to it a million times,” he said. 

I nodded, making a mental note of how his wife “liked it,” wondering if they might be up for some three-way play in the future. I liked the thought of being a hot young couple’s busty, cock-starved little dyke-toy. It had definitely been too long since I’d sucked on a pretty girl’s yummy little cunt…

Jimmy took one last longing look at my enormous, freshly spermed breasts as I stood smiling before him. “All right. Peace, then, mami,” he said. “I’m gonna go.”

I smiled at Jimmy as he walked out the door toward his car parked on the street. I made sure to stand there topless, sticking my chest out in my entryway with the door wide open, relishing the thought of some neighbor catching a glimpse of my huge titties glistening with this load of fresh cum that was obviously not my husband’s. I waved at Jimmy as he drove away. 

*****

As it turns out, there WAS a neighbor watching. The one I’d secretly hoped would be watching. As I stood there topless, jiggling my chest and waving as Jimmy drove away, I spotted John, the hot doctor who lived in the house adjacent to ours, standing in his front yard behind a lawn mower. 

For years, John had loved to spy on me from his upstairs window when I sunbathed in my backyard. (I can’t blame him. All I ever wear to lay out is a bikini top made of two itty-bitty white triangles that just barely cover my nipples. I can only imagine how trampy I look. It’s like putting postage stamps on basketballs. Of course I wear it just for him, though, and I skip wearing bottoms for him, too. I know he’s up there stroking off to me. I love it.)  

John’s wife Cecilia was a nurse who kept very odd, long hours and often left John to his own devices. In fact, I’d actually seen John bringing whores home when Cecilia was gone. This had always given me hope that John would turn out to be a philandering, horned-up pussy hound. I’ll admit, too, that I’ve tried to spy on him a hundred times when he has a hooker there. I’ll also admit that after the first time I spotted John bringing home a paid fuckslut, I sunbathed a lot more often, totally nude, and even fingered myself and sucked my own nipples when I knew he was spying. I wanted to seduce him. This could be my chance!

At that moment I realized Cecilia’s car was not in their driveway. She’s working, I thought happily. That’s when I noticed John standing in his front yard, staring at me with his mouth hanging open. He noticed me noticing him, and his mouth curved into a knowing, perverted grin. I smiled back as he looked me up and down slowly, pausing to fuck my huge naked breasts with his eyes. Even from this distance I could see his massive erection. I pinched my nipples and squeezed my titties together for him, offering them up as I winked and closed the door.

Two hours later I was reclining in a hot bubble bath, soaping up my breasts, stroking my nipples lightly. I had one finger buried in my cunt and one all the way up my ass as I fantasized about John raping me. I was dangerously close to cumming when I heard the doorbell ring. 

John! Holy fuck! My brain was screaming. Please let it be John here ready to cum on me!

I still had at least three hours before my husband arrived home from work. More than enough time to get another yummy load of jizz blasted on my big needy jugs. 

I jumped out of the tub and wrapped a small white towel around my midsection, not realizing I’d left my breasts completely exposed. Dripping wet from the bath, I ran to answer the door.
John was there on my porch. His eyes dropped to my chest and seemed to drink it in. That’s when I realized my breasts were completely bare and jutting out, the little towel fastened underneath them. My nipples hardened, though, when I realized John could see them, pink and nubile as a teenager’s under his lustful gaze. I made absolutely no move to cover my rack. “John! How lovely. Come in, please. Sorry, I was just in a bubble bath. Just excuse these big ol’ boobs!” I laughed. 

John laughed with me as he entered my house and closed the door. “It must be hard to keep those covered up,” he teased once the door was shut, looking at my chest. “Not enough fabric anywhere to cover those massive things, I bet. Must be tough. I sure don’t mind, though.”

I swatted at him playfully. “Yeah, I have the Curse of The Enormous Knockers,” I said, bouncing my bare titties for him prettily. “Worth it, though. These huge jugs make sex so much better.”

“Is that a fact?” John asked, eyes still locked on my chest. He smiled. “Actually, I’m glad you brought that up. Because it’s exactly why I came over here. Sex.” He motioned for me to follow him into my living room, which I did obediently. He pointed at the loveseat and we both sat down. We were now dangerously close to one another. Our mouths and crotches were far enough apart, but my breasts were protruding obscenely far out from my chest, hovering mere inches away from my neighbor’s sculpted pecs. I couldn’t help that, though. Even when the rest of my body was being polite, my tits behaved like overfilled, attention-seeking balloons.

John gasped at my buoyant, jutting rack. He smiled lovingly at my titties and sighed. “Did you know you’re driving me crazy?” he implored. “You’ve been prancing around over here showing off that enormous chest for years. And FUCK! I’ve wanted to fuck your brains out for years. And you know what? I’m going to fuck your brains out right now, starting with those hot titties. Don’t even try to be coy. I know you’re a slutty little brat. You wanted me to see your perfect rack earlier. I know you did. I know you want me, sweetie.”

John’s words neither shocked nor surprised me; they just made my pussy drool. I’d wanted him for years, too; he was right. Looking him in the eyes, I reached up and cupped my hands underneath my round, mountainous breasts, lifting them up and pushing them together for him to appreciate. I licked one of my nipples as he stared.

John sighed and continued. “Do you have any clue what it’s like to spy on that body of yours all bouncy and jiggly and hot, and then have to fuck my wife? I mean, she’s gorgeous, but she’s a fucking B-cup, for fuck’s sake. It’s impossible for me to pretend like she’s you, because her tits are nonexistent. And all I want to do is pretend like she’s you. Because all I want to do is fuck you in all your amazing holes.

“Do you know I’ve actually hired hookers to come over and fuck me because of you? When my wife’s at work or out of town. I’ve found all the hookers with the biggest titties in this whole city. And I’ve fucked them all in every way imaginable, even though most of their jugs aren’t as big as yours. And they’re nowhere near as high-riding and pointy as yours. Goddammit!”

John had a noticeable bulge protruding from the front of his loose white linen pants. I kept mashing my breasts together and began tweaking my nipples. Warm cream began to ooze out of my cunt as he continued.

“I even went online once and found this hooker slut in Nevada who has H cups and a slim little body like yours. I’ve been thinking about taking a trip just to fuck her. I’m gonna call her by your name as I pound the fuck out of all her holes. What do you think about that?”

“I think it’s hot as fuck and it’s making my little pussy purr. And mine are H cups, too, baby. Did you know that? Natural 36H titties, although sometimes they spill out over their big cups,” I said dreamily. “Mmm. I wish it could be me whose holes you pound. My holes are so tight and pink. And, actually...one of my little holes hasn’t even been claimed yet. Can you guess which one it is?” 
