 We were home from the cinema early which was a good thing because I was feeling horny. I had it in my mind to be writhing between the sheets the same way that the leading actor and actress had been earlier.

I took off my jacket and walked over to Steve. I put my arms around him and kissed him full on the lips. He responded by pushing his tongue into my mouth. Our lips locked in a passionate embrace. My fingers fumbled with the buttons on his shirt and pulled it off. I ran my fingers over his naked chest feeling his smooth skin and taut muscles. He broke away from kissing me so that he could take off my top. I stood before him in my black silk bra and he began to feel my nipples through the soft fabric. My buds stood to attention under his touch. He undid my bra and took it off. He put his lips to my breasts one at a time and sucked each nipple in turn. God I was feeling really turned on now. I could feel my clit tingling with the anticipation of what was to come. 

He unzipped my skirt and let it fall to the floor revealing my matching black silk panties that were already beginning to get damp. I slid them down my smooth tanned thighs and stepped out of them.

He started to plant gentle kisses down my face and then down onto my neck. He kissed my ear and nibbled it. He softly whispered to me 'get on your knees.' I loved it when he got masterful and took control. I really get off on being told what to do so I couldn't get on my knees fast enough. 'Are you going to be a good girl and do as you are told?' He asked. 

'Oh yes I will do anything you tell me to.' I replied thinking hell yes, this sounds like fun!

I looked up at him, awaiting further instruction. He stared back at me, unblinking and raised an eyebrow quizzically. 'Well,' he said. 

'What do you want me to do?' I asked. 

'Rub it.' He replied, looking down at his cock as he said it. I looked too and saw the familiar bulge that I was getting to know well. I rubbed his dick through the outline of his black jeans and felt that he was already rock hard for me. I moaned with longing.

'Oh yeah, that's good,' he murmured in approval. 'Get it out and wank me off properly.' I grabbed at the buttons on his jeans, undid them and then pulled them down and his pants with them in one swift motion. He stepped out his clothes that were now pooled around his ankles and kicked them to one side. 

His cock stood erect and proud right in front of my face. I could see that he was as turned on as I was. I started to rub my hand up and down his shaft longing to lick the bead of pre cum that appeared at the tip of his cock but knowing I couldn't do that without his permission. He was in charge and I could do only what I was told. 

I got my wish when he said 'I want to feel your lips around it.' I started by licking the tip and swallowing that tasty drop that promised of more to come, then running my tongue up and down the shaft down to his tight balls buying my face in them and licking them. They tasted so good but I wanted to tease him so I was licking all over his cock and balls without putting him in my mouth.

'Suck me.' he commanded. 'Come on, suck me.' I did as I was told. I love to be obedient. Running my mouth down the bulbous head of his cock and down his shaft that was rock hard and throbbing with need. I ran my mouth up and down taking his dick right down the back of my throat, right down to his bollocks and back again. Oh yeah that tasted so good. I moaned again wishing that his cock was entering my pussy rather than my throat.

He took a step back pulling himself out of my mouth as he did do. This caught me by surprise, as I knew how much he had been enjoying being sucked off. 'You're having way too much fun yourself, I want you at my mercy.' He told me.

He picked up his tie from the arm of the chair behind him where he had left it when he came in from work earlier and walked around to the back of me. I turned to see what he was doing. 'Stay still,' he commanded. 

'Sorry babe,' I said. 

'Babe,' he practically spat at me. 'My name is not babe. My name is Mr Elliott and that is what you will call me from now on. Say it. Go on say my name.' 

'Sorry Mr Elliott, Sir.' I said feeling my pussy juices flooding over my thighs, I was sooo turned on by now. I felt him grab my wrist and begin to tie it with his tie and then grab my other wrist so both were tied behind my back and I couldn't move them. I was kneeling up on the carpet, hands tied behind my back, totally at his mercy and loving every minute of it. 

He then moved back round to the front of me, grabbed the back of my head and pushed his cock back into my mouth. 'Suck me hard, you bad girl, you know you love it.' I heard him say. I felt his dick fill up my mouth and slide to the back of my throat. He clenched his fist around my hair and pulled my head back as he began to move his hips so that his cock pumped in and out of my mouth. His free hand played with my stiff nipples making me moan with desire.

This sensation was all too much for me and I felt my muscles contract as wave after wave of orgasm flooded through me. My cream dripped onto the carpet as I came. Hard. I let out a long moan but did not stop sucking his beautiful huge cock I was just enjoying that too much.

'Bad girl.' He said 'Did I give you permission to cum already?' He pulled his dick out of my mouth so that I could answer him. 

'No Mr Elliott, I'm sorry. I just couldn't help myself.' I answered. 'You turn me on too much.' He slapped my cheek with his hard cock that was slick with my saliva and I felt the wetness against my face. 

'Bad Girl.' He repeated. 'I don't let bad girls suck me off unless they ask very very nicely.' I looked up at him. I did not want to humiliate myself by begging but I was desperate to taste that big thick cock again. He returned my stare with a cold, amused expression as if taunting me to step way outside my comfort zone. 

His dick was in line with my eyes and he reached down and started playing with it and wanking it right into my face. His other hand cupped his tight balls. 'Do you want to taste this?' He demanded. 'Tell me how much you want it.' 

Against all of my natural instincts I heard myself reply. 'I want your cock so bad. I want to taste it, I want to suck it. Please put it back in my mouth and fuck my face.' He slowly shook his head but did not move towards me. 'Please, please.' I whimpered. 'I want it so much. I need your cock. I beg you to give it to me.'

With one swift motion, I felt my head being pulled back and his cock being pushed forcefully back into my mouth and down my throat, almost chocking me such was the need for his release. He pumped it into my mouth a few more times and then he gave a long loud moan 'Oh yeah, fuck yeah, that's so good.' He said as he filled my mouth with his creamy cum. I swallowed. God, he tasted so good. I drank every last drop and licked his cock until it was clean.

'You're the best,' he murmured once he had got his breath back. I looked up at him and smiled. I loved doing as I was told.