 I didn’t even get a chance to shower at Bryon’s place, but I had to get to Jeremy’s before the basketball game was over.  I felt a little guilty, but at the same time, turned-on at the thought that Bryon’s hot come was still on me on my way to Jeremy’s apartment. 

Jeremy was a little anxious having to wait, but a few deep kisses from me loosened him up quickly.  He didn’t waste any time to unbutton my jeans right there in his kitchen as I took a sip of his beer.  Turned-on by my wet lips, he reached down to my pussy to feel.  He paused from kissing me deeply to say, “You look hot… I’ve been waiting awhile for you.”  I was a little nervous hoping he wouldn’t notice the satisfied, lustful look in my face.  “I had to finish up some errands, I’m sorry.”  “It’s ok,” he responded, “that just means you’ll have more time with me now that you’re done.”  He didn’t know that one of those errands involved giving a hot blowjob.  I reached my right hand down to feel his hardening cock.  I let out a soft moan to let him know I was getting wet, too.  Jeremy took my hand and led me to the living room.  I don’t know why, but at that moment all I could think of was I was about to get another hot cum shower on my face, and from another guy.  He sat down on the oversized chair--he knew that I liked sucking him when he’s sitting down and relaxed.  I unbuttoned his pants and started stroking his thick cock.  Jeremy and I had only known each other for about four weeks, so I was still getting to know him.  He never got to fuck me until much later on.  Not that I mind, after all, it made it so much hotter to give guys blowjobs until they cum on me.   My orgasms, especially now, would be so powerful whenever guys would cum all over me after letting me suck on their hard cocks.  

Jeremy’s cock wasn’t as long as Bryon’s, but he was thicker around, and since he’s Italian, more tanned.  The whole time I was sucking and stroking Jeremy’s hard cock, I kept fantasizing about Bryon’s long hard shaft slipping in and out of my lips.  The more I kept thinking about Bryon’s powerful cum shot in my mouth and all over my face, the harder I sucked on Jeremy’s stout cock.  He was moaning so loud, asking me in between if he could fuck me right then, but I kept my full lips tighter around his thick head instead, just to let him know that I wanted to keep sucking.  My cunt was beginning to throb from the deep kisses and sucking of Jeremy’s cock.  I shifted to spread my legs apart while kneeling on the floor and giving Jeremy a nice hot blowjob.  His cock got harder when he saw me rub my pussy and insert my finger in my cunt.  My mouth continued to kiss and suck his cock, while his hand was caressing my small round breasts.  I began to suck faster on his cock, moaning at the same time.  I rubbed my swollen clit, and pulled his cock out of my mouth to look at it.

“I missed your cum on my face”, I said in between sucking, still thinking of the shot I got from Bryon’s hard cock an hour before.  “I just want to keep my hard cock in your mouth,” he replied.  That was enough for me to begin steadily sucking on Jeremy’s cock.  I could usually tell when he’s ready to cum, so I kept my mouth tight around his cock, sucking and moaning at the same time.  He was younger than Bryon, and always eager to unload his cum whenever he had a chance with me.  He pulled my long hair to guide my head steady on his throbbing cock, his other hand gripped on the base of his cock.  The thought of Jeremy cuming right on my face, after I’ve just tasted Bryon’s cum, drove me to the edge.  I came, and Jeremy was looking down at me the whole time as he slipped it in and out of my mouth.  He started to shoot his hot load in my mouth before I could pull him out to watch it cum on me.  Unlike Bryon’s ropey cum that day, Jeremy’s cum shot was in heavy, thick spurts, hitting my cheeks and forehead hard; each of his five heavy spurts of cum landed on my face and lower lip.  Eagerly, I licked the thick cum dripping from his cock, down along his glistening shaft.  I felt so hot getting the two of them to cum on me on the same day, giving me facial shots as hungrily as they did.  That day turned out to be one of the many more to come.