 I walk into the bedroom to find him there lying stretched out on the bed, his beautiful body glistening with sweat. His legs are wide open and his cock is inviting me to play. "Come lay by me" he says as he pats the right side of the bed. I smile at the invitation and hurriedly remove my clothes, anxious to be next to him. I never turn down an opportunity of having his cock in my mouth or cunt.

As I lay beside him, he pulls me close and begins kissing me savagely like a madman. I laugh as I pull back gasping for air. He had caught me off guard and I wasn't expecting him to take my breath away the way he did. His eyes twinkle and shine as his smile on his face beams brightly. He loves being rough with me, knowing how wet my cunt gets and how much it drives me crazy.

He draws me to his chest, caressing my back. I can hear his heart beating faster as I lay on him. It feels so good to be curled up next to him and in his arms. As he begins rubbing my back softly I take my right hand and trace around his chest down to his stomach. I love the patch of hair he has just below his bellybutton. It's so soft, so inviting, so manly. I begin rubbing lower down to his cock and balls, hearing him shutter ever so softly. He is so fascinated with having his balls gently rubbed and teased. It gives me a thrill to hear his soft moans of delight. I rub and massage each ball softly as I lay with my head on his stomach. I really enjoy the way it feels to take each of his testicles into my hand and massage them, they feel so soft but then begin to feel full and ready to burst. He moves his hands down my back and begins stroking my back urgently.

"Lick my balls", he demands. I look up deep into his eyes and see him smiling sheepishly. Licking his balls is a treat for him. He loves feeling my tongue circling them and teasing so sweetly. I position myself farther down on him and take each of his testicles slowly into my mouth. I tease his ball with my tongue so soft and gently. He begins to quiver and moan and that makes my cunt begin to drip. I know I need to increase the intensity he is feeling so I flick his balls with my tongue. While sucking and teasing his ball I use my left hand to massage the other ball. I being soft and gentle, vigorously lick and tease each testicle giving them both the special attention that they deserve. I feel his massive rod growing harder and harder with each flick of my tongue.

I then focus all of my attention on his fully erect, large throbbing cock. It's quite beautiful being uncircumcised thick and long. At times I can barely get all of it into my mouth because of the size. It is shaped perfect at nine inches in length and two inches of girth.

I slowly envelope his cock with my mouth moving all the way down on his shaft. As my mouth goes down on his cock his body jolts and he lets out a groan. I move my mouth up and down his erection, letting my tongue glide along the underside to give him added pleasure. I feel him twitching from the pleasure he is getting from me.

His hand pushes on my neck to make me take his cock deeper down inside my throat. He knows his monstrosity makes me gag, and loves to hear it. He allows me to come up for air, then pushes me back down on his cock taking it all in my mouth. I pull back gasping for breath and gagging, laughing at the same time. He delights in hearing my gags on his cock. He allows me a few seconds to breath, then pushes me back down on his hard rod. I suck and lick up and down his shaft increasing my speed as I can sense his urgency to cum. When I begin to gag, he immediately pushes my head forcing me back down on his cock. As I embrace his thick throbbing monster again with my mouth I hear him gasp and feel him shudder. A thick explosion of cum fills my throat and forces me to swallow quickly before I suffocate. His cum is sweet yet salty and hot in my throat. I love the taste of him and I swallow every delicious drop of his essence. I hear him moan "Ah fuck", as I lick his cock clean of all the precious cum. He is well satisfied with me.