 When I was 20, I was in my sophomore year at college, and living at home. We lived in a subdivision where, to earn spending money, I mowed what seemed to be a zillion lawns. Every week or so, some couple had a party to which I always was invited. The parties were b.y.o.b. The host couple would provide beer, munchies, music for dancing, and a midnight snack. 

One night everyone had consumed lots of booze and food, the lights were low, and a sentimental tune was playing for the evening's last dance. I was dancing with Wilma, the sexy babe in her 40s who lived next door to me. She snuggled close enough to give me a hard-on, and smiled as she rubbed against it. Then, she French-kissed me. I'd had tongue-tangling kisses before, but nothing like this one. I put my hand inside her low-cut top and felt her tits. A short time later, she stopped dancing and shouted, "If any of you would like to get wet, come to my house." All of us knew that she and her husband had a big above-ground pool, which was 2-1/2 feet deep. About 40 people went home and put on swim suits. It was a hot night. We all leaned against the side of the pool, heads above water. Her hand grabbed mine and put it between her legs. Then, she put her hand inside my suit and squeezed with my prick. I finger-fucked her as she jacked me off. "Come over as soon as you get home tomorrow," she whispered.

I knocked on her back door the next day when I got home from school. She pulled me inside and locked the door so her kids would have to enter through the front and we could hear them. Having just showered, her head was wrapped in a towel and she was wearing a robe which was open. I gulped as I ogled her tits and cunt hair. My hard-on was upright against my stomach. "You made me come when we were in the pool, Walt," she said. "Now I want to suck you." I was so astounded I damn near fainted. I had finger-fucked dates in the back seat of my dad's car and had been jacked off into a handkerchief, but I'd only fantasized about getting my prick sucked. "Later you can look at my tits and cunt as much as you want. But first, take down your pants and underwear so I can give you a blowjob."

She put her hand around me and moved my foreskin up and down. "You're not circumcised," she exclaimed. "That's why it was so easy to jack you off in the pool." She leaned forward and lovingly lapped the extra-sensitive underside of my knob. Pulling my prick to a horizontal position, she leaned back to admire my genitals. "Yours is the first uncircumcised dick I've ever seen. It looks to be about seven inches. That's quite a bit smaller that monster of Mel's (her husband). But Holy Mother, what a magnificent prick." Pre-cum dripped from the end. She took about three inches into her mouth, wrapping her tongue and lips around me. Her mouth was so wet and warm. 

My prick never had felt so wonderful. Sucking hard, she quickly pulled back until my prick popped out of her mouth. She immediately did it again, and continued repeating the same action eight or ten times. I was ready to let go with a blast of cum, when she put her marvelous mouth around me and sucked. My legs gave way as my cum filled her mouth, and I had to grab her shoulders to keep from falling. God Almighty, what a thrill. She sucked me dry. "Jeez, Wilma, you're incredible," I muttered. "You've made my prick feel so good." She stood, put her arms around me an gave me a sloppy open-mouth kiss. Her mouth tasted of my cum. Her soft stomach pressed against my upright hard cock. (Ah, youth, and the ability to maintain a hard-on.)

I leaned back, gazed into her eyes, then down to her tits. They aren't big, just a nice handful each. They're firm, cone-shaped, with large aureoles and puffy nipples that also are cone-shaped. "I want to suck your tits," I told her. "I'd like that," she said as her hands raised one breast offering it to me. I'd never seen or sucked real-live tits (unless I did so as a baby) and I eagerly fondled, licked and sucked Wilma's. I was so excited I thought I'd come.

While licking and trying to see her tits at the same time, my glance spotted her pubic hair. I looked up at her and breathlessly said, "I want to see your cunt close up." 

She told me to lift her on to the kitchen table. When I did, she leaned back on her elbows and told me to sit between her legs. I scooted a chair under my butt, and sat with my face about a foot from her pussy. "I'll spread my legs and hold them up so you can see how wet you've made me." All at once I was staring at the engorged lips of her gaping wet snatch. I'd seen pictures of hairy cunts and shaved cunts but nothing had prepared me for the awesomeness of having a real-live cunt mere inches from my mouth. I stared at it, spread it with my fingers, licked it from bottom to top, and delved inside it as far as my tongue would reach. Wow! I could make a habit of this. I sucked each of the luscious big lips. Our eyes met as she lowered her legs over my shoulders and moaned, "Please, Walt, suck my clit." Her hands pulled me tightly against her, and she wrapped her legs around my head. I sucked. The taste was incredibly delicious. Especially when her cum gushed into my mouth. I continued to suck her until I got a fresh taste of cum. She came once more when I buried my prick in her and spilled my cum.

During the next year, until I graduated and was recruited for a job in a distant city, Wilma and I sucked and fucked every day or two.

I probably never again will have such a terrific experience.