 Just you and me, alone.

Standing in front of you naked I feel all my fear melt away. Glad that you took your time in stripping me.

Shy at first as your hands roamed under the hem of my skirt to peel down my knickers, butterflies in my tummy as you reached under my top to place your hands on my breasts, my nipples growing hard instantly at your firm touch. 

I had always been a little shy of my curves...my full hips and my 38D boobs always made me want to hide away but as I watch you slowly unbutton your jeans, I reach for the hem of your t shirt and pull it over your head, holding you close to me, feeling the heat from your body against mine, no longer afraid.

Your cock throbs as I wrap my fingers slowly around you. Still such a novice but knowing from the way your body moves that you like it. My tongue running over my bottom lip as I sink to my knees and begin to guide your cock onto my lips...feel how my mouth kisses you so tenderly...my wet mouth so warm and soft opening wider as you slip over my tongue. 

The taste of your precum so salty and slick, I never thought it would taste like this. I love the soft moans from you as my tongue caresses your shaft, the way your hands tangle in my hair and pull my mouth closer to you...your cock filling my mouth. You twist my head so that you can see your cock make my cheeks bulge...and I smile at you...my eyes telling you that I want to take it a little harder. With your hands either side of my head, you quicken the pace, faster and faster your cock powers into me...my eyes beginning to watering now, tears streaming down my face as you assault my mouth. My eyes blackened as my mascara runs down my face.

You push hard and all I can feel is your cock at the back of my throat...I choke and hold you there for as long as I can. I can feel my cunt pulsing and a warm trickle escapes. Just by fucking my mouth you can make my juices flow. A steady stream of precum flows from the tip of your shaft and purse my lips around it, sucking greedily like a hungry animal. 

I catch a glimpse of us in the mirror next to the bed and barely recognise the slut that I have become. My hair tousled and my cheeks flushed. I delight in watching my tongue lick you. The slower I lick and suck the more you moan... The underside of your cock is so sensitive; your body judders as I run up and down the entire length of your pulsating organ. It still feels so alien in my mouth so I withdraw you a little and use my tongue to trace little circles over the head of your shaft. This only succeeds in producing more sticky precum and I wonder to myself what it would feel like if I rubbed you against my nipples.

Holding you in one hand I lift my breast and tap the end of your cock against my big hard pink nipples. Oh it feels so good....letting go of you I lift my breast to my mouth and lick the trail you have left behind. You cover your cock with your fist and tell me to keep my mouth closed as tightly as I can. I lean my head back and do as you ask. I close my eyes and you begin to massage the head of your cock over my lips. Your cock now just an inch from my face so, when you pump your fist up and down, your hand collides with my lips.

When you stop you rest the head against my mouth. I relax my jaw but keep my lips tightly sealed in the shape of an O. Slowly, you inch your cock between my firm lips. The sensation of your cock struggling to enter my mouth makes me want to moan. I hold it back though and instead my mouth begins to vibrate. Deeper you push and as you fully enter my mouth I take a gasp of air. Long fluid strokes fill my mouth again and again. I place my hand around the root of your cock and begin to pull you into my mouth. I hear your breathing quicken and as your balls tighten you tell me you are about to cum.

I nod my head gently and with that you release your cum into my mouth. Each push of your hips making your cum surge into my mouth and I feel it jet into my stomach. Your legs quaking as I suck harder, milking every last drop from you. Your swollen cock subsides in my mouth, but I hold you there relishing the feeling.

You smile at me as you pull me to my feet and lead me to the bed, I know that this is something that both of us won't forget for a very long time.