 She awoke me on the couch with a soft kiss. Where my neck meets my shoulder. Just where I like it.

"Oh, hello. You're home," I said, sitting up as the tingling sensations radiating from the spot she kissed slowly faded. She was attired for a social occasion: an office party. Someone had retired or something. Not the way most people wanted to spend a Saturday night and so she'd generously agreed not to make me go.

The dress she was wearing was only slightly risque for a work function and was a surprising choice for her. The black material hugged her generous curves perhaps a little too closely, her ample breasts swelled from the top just a tad more than would be considered socially acceptable. The skirt ended around mid-thigh.

"Just got in, sailor," she said with a grin, as she shook an errant blonde lock from her eyes..

"Have a good time?" I said with a slow grin.

"Nope." She bit her lip. "Maybe I'm looking for one, though."

I rose from the couch, placed my hand on her side, just below her left breast and began running my hand down the curve and swell of her hip. Then back up again, stopping just below her breast.

"Let's go to bed, Laura."

I pulled her into me and leaned into her neck, but I felt her hand on my chest pushing me back.

"Only if that's what you want."

Her arctic blue eyes met mine.

"Only if that's what you want," she repeated.

I paused recognizing the cue for possibly her favorite sexual game.

"Laura, what's my name?"

"It's Steve."

Grabbing her by the back of neck, I turned her around, bent her forward so her arms were out and she was leaning against the arm of the couch. The back of her skirt rode up to within inches of her ass, revealing more smooth, creamy skin.

Still grasping her--firmly but roughly enough to hurt her--I leaned down to her ear and breathed hotly. "What's my name?"

"It's Steve," she repeated.

I ran my hand down from her neck, down her back, down her thick ass and grasped the bottom of her skirt, pulling it roughly up her ass. I slapped both cheeks once each. She sighed.

Returning my mouth to her ear, I growled hotly, urgently, "What's my name?"

"Um, it's, it's Steve," she said, a little shakily.

Now I pushed her down so was draped over the arm of the couch, the black satin of her panties fully exposed, her ass propped up and open to me. I began spanking her, each spank getting harder until I heard little yelp.

I kneeled down before her. Her elbows were supporting the weight of her upper torso and I couldn't see her face, obscured as it was behind a curtain of disheveled blonde hair. She was breathing hard.

"What's my name?"

A pause, more breathing. "Master."

I returned to the couch, sitting down next to her, stroking her hair softly, as she caught her breath.

"Strip."

She began to stir from the couch. She stood shakily, smoothing her skirt down. I could smell her arousal.

"Master?"

"Leave your bra on."

She ran her hands up the sides of hips, kneading her breasts, squeezing them together, making them bulge out even more.

"No," I said dismissively. "I don't have time for that. Get naked. Now."

Shimmying out her dress, then out of her panties, she stood before me, a stunning vision. Disheveled blonde hair hanging down in her face, a red flush growing in her cheeks. Her DD tits overflowing the tops of her black lace shelf bra, straining for release. She had a little extra weight around the hips, but, god, she wore it well, with curves enough to make any man dizzy. I wondered how many of the men who'd seen her at the office party were at home jerking off to the memory right now. Her bush was full, but very cleanly trimmed. I bet a few of those guys at her office would get hard just knowing how she maintained her bush.

"Get over here. In my lap."

She obediently stepped forward, placing first one knee on the outside of mine, then the other. The she was in my lap, warm, wet. Her tits were face level and my hands were around her, kneading her ass cheeks, as she softly grinded into me, rubbing her wet pussy up and down the length of my hard cock. Even through the material of the gym shorts I was wearing, I could feel the dampness and the friction.

I brought my hands from her ass to the cups of her bra. I pulled them down enough for her nipples to peek out. Gingerly, I licked the left nipple once, just to get it wet. Then breathed hotly on it. I watched it harden before my eyes, goosebumps radiating outward across the ample flesh and heard her moan. Felt the grinding in my lap quicken.

Then I leaned forward, took the other nipple in my mouth. Began suckling, until I heard another moan and felt her hands in my hair, stroking my head, urging me on.

Then I bit down. Hard.

She yelped and stopped grinding.

"What's my name?"

"Master," she quickly replied.

"Do you submit to me?"

She nodded rapidly. "Yes, Master. Will you please continue sucking my tit?"

I slapped her face. Not hard. Just enough to make her gasp with surprise.

"Do you even understand what that means?"

She didn't reply, rubbing her cheek.

I wedged my hand between our loins, cupped her mound. Squeezed.

"It means this is mine. This cunt is mine, to use for my pleasure. I own it. You will not grind me like a cheap whore unless I direct you to. Do you understand?"

She nodded.

"Say it."

"I will not grind you like a cheap whore without orders. You own my cunt."

"Your cunt exists purely for my pleasure."

"My cunt exists only for Master;s pleasure."

"Excellent. Now stand up. Take my pants off."

I stood with her and she did, my cock flopping out semi-hard. She knelt to her knees before it, looking up at me.

"Do you want this?" I asked, wagging it in her face.

"Please, Master. I want your cock inside me."

"Make it hard," I said, returning to a sitting position.

Leaning forward, she engulfed the length of my manhood in one swallow. Her nose brushed my short, neatly trimmed pubes. Her fingers grasped and rolled my hairless balls. I felt her tongue lash over square inch of my cock as it hardened inside her mouth. Then she took it out again, grasping it in her hand. She squeezed it and began stroking me, using her saliva as lube.

"Harder," I breathed.

She squeezed even harder, giving my head a special twist when she got to the top of the stroke. I was long since hard and decided she'd waited long enough.

"Stop."

She looked up at me expectantly. I told her to get in my lap and she did. This time there was nothing separating us as her leaking pussy ground my cock, measuring it's length and girth. Her eyes stared into mine pleadingly, as I unhooked her bra and watched her fall out and jiggle before my eyes.

When I was ready, I said, "You maybe begin."

She lifted off my lap slightly, grasped my now hard cock. She inserted just the head, coating it with her juices, eliciting a moan from us both. The she began massaging her clit with the head, causing us both to again moan together.

I collected my wits momentarily, however, realized she was again violating my injunction. I slapped her face again, again lightly.

"What did I say, slut?" I again grasped her mound. "This for *my* pleasure, for *me* use. The only pleasure you will receive is the pleasure I grant you."

With no further preamble, I positioned my cock at her entranced, reached up to her shoulders and pushed her down. Hard. In one motion, my head burst through, causing her to gasp with the sudden violation of it. Then I was all the way inside her, filling her, feeling her walls expanding under my assault.

She cried out. We both did.

Wisely, she sat motionlessly. I flexed my cock inside her.

"Do you feel that?"

"Yes, Master."

"I want you to start riding it now," I said.

As she started slowly undulating on me, I reached forward and took one of her nipples into my mouth again. The one I'd bitten earlier. I felt her gasp as I lapped it with my tongue.

"Faster, slut. Make me cum."

"Yes, Master."

Now she was really going for it, impaling herself on my shaft.

"Stop."

She froze, breathing hard.

I raised a finger before her face. "Lick it. Suck it. Like it was a cock."

She settled back on lap, my cock still firmly lodged inside her, and began licking and sucking my finger, until I withdrew it. I took the finger, reached around and carefully began massaging her asshole, circling deeper and deeper

I took her right tit into my mouth, began softly biting, sucking, licking, kissing. I slipped my finger inside her slowly. I heard a sharp intake of breath.

"Now fuck me while I fuck you."

She resumed rolling her hips, each movement causing my cock to go further up inside, then my finger further up her asshole. She quickened the pace and soon was bouncing up and down in my lap at manic pace, her glorious tits jiggling and jumping before my face.

"Do you--" uh "feel that--" uh "cock in you?"

"Yes--" uh "Master--" uh "can I--" uh "please cum?"

"Yeees!"

All I could hear as the sensations in my cock and balls overtook me was the sound of our bodies slapping together and Laura's wanton cries. I finally I issued a strangled cry as I came, deep and hard within her.

She came to rest with my softening cock still inside her, my cum slowly leaking from her. She leaned down and her mouth met mine and then I was gently sucking her tounge. My arms wrapped around her and I held her close. I could feel her heart still thundering away in her chest.

"Thank you, Steve. That was wonderful."

"No...thank you. I love it when you let me make you my dirty slut. You're so beautiful and sexy. I'm so lucky." My mouth met hers again. We fell into the couch together, like a newly chopped redwood plummeting to the forest floor and I continued to hold her as she rested her head on my chest and I stroked her hair.

Then my cell phone, completely forgotten on the floor on the other end on the couch, chimed loudly.

"What was that?" she asked, lifting her head.

"God, I need to turn the volume down on that thing," I murmured.

"Well...you remember that other fantasy we talked about exploring?"

Her eyes narrowed and she grinned. "You mean, the one I came up with?"

Blushing, I said, a little sheepishly. "Yeah, well, I downloaded Grindr today."

"Yeah?" Her broke into a delighted grin. "You've been looking for a cock to suck for me?"

Blushing even more deeply, I shrugged. "I guess I've been a little curious..."

"I think we'll *both* really enjoy it," she said, pecking me on the cheek.

"Yeah, and that sound means that somebody saw my profile and wants to play with us...."