 His hands covered her breasts from behind, stroking gently, tugging on her hard nipples. She moaned and leaned back against him, grinding her ass back against his jean-covered groin. He was hard. Hard and molded against her. His hands moved over her round curves, kneading. His fingers firmed around her breasts, cupping her. She reached her hands back grabbing hold of his hips, holding on for dear life. He whispered in her ear, gruff and with a voice filled with arousal, "I want you. I want you writhing naked under me as I fill you with my cock." She moaned, closing her eyes and feeling her wetness dripping between her legs. 

Her eyes were blindfolded. Her senses on fire as his hands stroked her body, never leaving her. How had she ended up here? She'd been seduced by his smile, and his wicked eyes. They'd met in a bar, a small club. She'd been with friends and he'd been alone. They'd danced and he'd bought her a drink. She never went home with a man on the first date and this wasn't even an official date. She knew his name was Scott. He'd been sitting across the bar, relaxing and watching her. His eyes were blue, almost the same blue as his silk shirt. His black jeans had covered his ass, hugging it tight and firm. As he had walked to her, asked her to dance, she couldn't help but look at his ass and feel herself getting wet and excited. She'd never felt this immediate attraction before. As the club was closing, he asked if he could take her home. She'd said yes. 

When they'd gotten to her apartment, she'd turned to ask him in. He was close behind her, waiting, staring at her eyes. Without thinking, she'd reached up, cupped her hand around his neck and pulled his lips down to her mouth. He'd pushed her up against the door, leaning against her. His mouth was strong and took possession of hers. She moaned as his tongue slipped across her bottom lip and then pried her lips open. Attacking his mouth, she'd stuck her tongue in his mouth, tasting. She groaned in surprise when his mouth closed around her tongue, sucking hard. It was like having a grenade go off inside her. The explosion of feeling and warmth was amazing. 

She broke away, fumbling with her keys to open the door. As they slipped inside, he closed and locked the door. Pushing her up against the other side of the door, he drew her collar open. His lips touched her neck, kissing, nibbling. He pulled away, looked in her eyes. They were both panting. Suddenly, his hands gripped tighter on her shirt and with a contained violence, tore it open, ripping it. Buttons flew everywhere, bouncing on the floor. His eyes moved down. She felt her skin heat as his eyes flamed across her black satin covered breasts. She looked down, watched her chest heaving. With a sly smile, he tucked his finger in the top of her bra, just in between her breasts. She sucked in a breath as he pulled down. The strength in that one finger was enough to bring her bra down, pulling her breasts with it. He looked at her and told her to turn around.

With quick breaths, she turned, facing the door. She heard him whisper in her ear, "Trust me. I won't do anything you don't want me to. Tell me if you want me to stop." With that said, she felt a soft material cover her eyes. It was the belt from her cashmere sweater which had been hanging by the door. She took a deep breath and decided to trust him. He tied it gently but firmly behind her head. She couldn't see a thing. She felt his fingers slide over her skin, over her neck and shoulders. She shivered. His hands moved down her back. His lips found her neck and kissed her gently. His fingers moved down under the hook of her bra. His fingers moved with feather touches as he slowly slid the hook free, letting her bra slide away from her heated breasts. She moaned as cool air hit her naked breasts, her nipples were already hard and wrinkled. 

That's how she'd gotten here. That's how she'd come to be molded against him, his chest against her naked back. His hands covering her naked breasts, playing and teasing with her sensitive nipples. She was dripping. He had her dripping between her legs. As he whispered to her how he wanted her beneath him, she'd seen it in her mind. Her eyes looked into the darkness of her blindfold as his hands moved down her stomach from her breasts. She took a deep breath as his fingers moved lower. He whispered again, slowly, as his fingers kept moving down to the button on her jeans, "I want to touch you. Are you wet? I want to lay between your legs and watch your sweet pussy drip and then taste you with the tip of my tongue. Do you want that? Do you want me? Or do you want me to stop?"

His fingers had unbuttoned her jeans but hadn't started to unzip her jeans yet. His hands held firm, not moving. She could feel his heat, feel his cock hard against her. She wanted him and she wanted him now. "Touch me. Please. I need you to touch me. Taste me. Fuck me. Please." She was pleading, begging, for the first time in her life. With the blindfold on, every touch, every whisper was too much for her. Her body was alive with every sensation. She felt his fingers pull her zipper down. Her jeans gave at the top . His hands pushed her jeans til they rode low on her hips. She sucked a breath in, waiting, anticipating his next touch. 

He waited, listening to her breathing. Watching over her shoulder as her breasts rose and fell. Her skin was getting damp. His cock was rock hard between his legs, aching. He whispered in her ear again, "Are you ready? Do you want me to touch you? To feel how wet you are? I want to. I want to touch your little wet pussy." She was panting for breath. She felt his hand skim down her stomach, over her navel and down inside her open jeans. His fingers moved inside her panties, grazing across her soft curls. As his fingers reached her pussy, his lips kissed the back of her neck. She moaned and arched, pressing her pussy down onto his fingers. The tip of his finger pushed against her wet lips, stroking slowly as he entered her gently. She moaned, closing her eyes behind the blindfold. Every nerve in her body was aware of him, of his fingers.

Holding her back against him, his one hand splayed across her stomach, he pushed his finger slowly inside her tight pussy. She was so wet, so tight. Pushing his finger just to the first knuckle, then he withdrew, only to do it again. Over and over again. Four more times and he pushed the length of his finger deep inside her. She moaned and cried out. He whispered in her ear as he drew his finger in and out of her, "You're so wet. So fucking wet. You like that, don't you? You like having my finger inside your tight pussy. You want more, don't you? You want another finger inside you. Well, here it is." This time, when he pulled his finger from her, he reentered her using two fingers, stretching her. His fingers filled her, fucking her slowly, deeply. "Come for me. Come on my fingers, baby." She moaned louder, bucking her hips, pushing down against his fingers and back against his hard cock. Her body clenched than rocked. Her orgasm ripped through her. He kept stroking, kept probing deeper and deeper with his finger. She slowed, quieted. 

He didn't take the blindfold off. She felt his hands leave her, and then they were pushing her jeans and panties down. He lifted first one leg and then the other, helping her out of her heels and clothes. Naked, she stood, waiting. He backed away from her. She knew he was still there but not what he was doing. She heard clothes and then he stepped up against her again. He was naked. He whispered in her ear, "Lean forward. Brace your hands on the door." She did.

His hands roamed her body, stroking her back, her hips, her thighs. His touch was making her hot again. His hands moved between her thighs, parting them. Pushing her legs wider, he opened her. She bit her lip, waiting for whatever was coming next. When she felt his lips on the back of her thighs, she moaned and leaned her head forward. Her hair hung down, covering her face. She wanted to see him but waited. The anticipation was too wonderful to stop. 

With slow strokes, his hands moved up her thighs. He bent over, his hands moving up to hold her ass. Spreading her, he leaned in and drew his tongue across her wet pussy. She moaned and pushed backwards. He held her in place. Using just the tip of his tongue, he stroked her pussy, rubbing her lips with his tongue. She was writhing against him, her soft curls rubbing against his face. Using his fingers, he opened her wider and slipped his tongue deep inside where his fingers had been moments again. She was so wet, so tasty. He licked slowly, torturing her. She was moaning, pushing against the door with her hands, arching her back. Her orgasm was quick over his tongue. Closing his mouth around her clit, he sucked and pulled another quick climax from her.

Rising quickly, he took his hard cock in his hand, reached into his pants and pulled out a condom. Sliding it quickly over his cock, he grabbed her hip with one hand and guided him into her tight pussy with the other. They both moaned, pushing against each other. He slide his cock slowly inside her, stretching her. His hands gripped her hips, holding on as he slid all the way inside her, filling her. Slowly drawing back, he pulled his cock out and then pushed back in. Over and over again, fucking her slowly. His fingers dug into her skin, holding her tight, his cock invading slowly over and over again. 

She moaned, bucking her head up and down. His hands held her, steadying her. She begged him to fuck her harder. He did. His grunts met each thrust as he rammed his cock deep inside her. She cried out when another orgasm rocked her. He slowed, pulled out. Grabbing her, he led her to the dining table. Pulling out a chair, he sat and pulled her down on top of him. She gasped as his cock impaled her again. Reaching up, he drew off her blindfold. Blinking her eyes, she adjusted to the light, to him. Grabbing his shoulders, she held on and returned each thrust with one of her own. Bucking her hips, she ground down on him. His cock was so hard and so big. She wanted more. His hands kneaded her breasts. His tongue flicking across first one nipple then the other. She rose and pushed back down on him, fucking him hard and fast. He moaned, grabbed her hair in his hand, pulled back and nipped her exposed neck. She moaned again and felt her fourth orgasm of the night. He pushed up and erupted. 

Lifting off his lap, she dropped her to knees in front of him. Ripping the condom off his cock, she wrapped her mouth around his head and sucked his cream into her mouth. He moaned, thrusting upwards into her mouth, his hand stroking her head, pushing her mouth down on him. Her tongue swirled around him, tasting him. As he started to go limp in her mouth, she kissed his head and stood. Together they walked to the bedroom. It was a sudden attraction that would last all night.