 Author's note: the following story is purely a work of fiction and any resemblance to real people or events is purely coincidental. The author wishes to express his gratitude to Copperbutterfly for her editing to make this a better story.

*

The one thing that pleased Jack Brewer the most, since he had taken his early retirement package, was the time to finally spend almost unlimited amounts of time outdoors. At first it had just been time spent in the shade of the old oak trees scattered throughout his big backyard but then it gradually expanded to the world around him.

He began to visit the pocket parks in his township until he had pretty much explored each of them several times. Then, consulting an area map, he had expanded his horizons to the metro parks and walking trails that fell within the seven county area. That had given him months of exploration. Some of the places contained wilderness areas that could be explored over and over without ever crossing the same ground twice.

Jack watched birds, squirrels, rabbits, moles, and gophers as they went about the business of living every day. It wasn't that he wanted to become an expert in any of those categories, but rather that he reveled in the feeling of being close to nature. He also studied the trees and bushes and grasses along the way but only for the purpose of seeing how nature protected its own and how it presented its glory to the world.

When Jack got up this morning, he followed his usual routine of fixing breakfast and leisurely eating it and sipping coffee while going through the daily newspaper to see if anything interesting had happened, checking out the sports results and chuckling over the funnies.

By late morning, he had showered and dressed in walking shorts, knit shirt and hiking boots. He filled his water bottle with fresh water, dropped it and some energy bars into his backpack and slung it over his shoulder as he started for the garage.

Jack climbed into the Jeep Wrangler, which gave him the feel of being in the country even when fighting city traffic. He left the canvas cover over the top and back but would probably remove it this afternoon.

His destination this morning was the last metro park that he had explored. Not that he had exhausted the possibilities in the other five but he had heard that this one had some very interesting terrain and was more like real wilderness than most of the others.

It took over an hour to make the drive so it was already just after noon by the time he arrived. Like most of the other similar parks, the front contained the usual picnic and playground areas for kids and families, and this one had an interesting Frisbee golf course that started near the front. Slowly Jack drove the Jeep along the winding park road, checking out the facilities and noting trail heads leading into the more undeveloped areas. Gradually the road wound around until it had curved back to the entrance. Having surveyed as much as he could from the road, Jack had decided on a trail for his day's explorations so he started the distorted loop again, planning to park close to the beginning of the trail.

Adhering to the low park speed limit, Jack had time to observe the families that had gathered in the picnic and playground areas. He had always found it fascinating to watch people, to see how the adults played with their kids ... or not, or to simply see how close and comfortable a family seemed with each oth....

Whoa! That wasn't a family sight!

Sitting at a picnic table with no one else around was a woman ... a young woman obviously, maybe late teens or early twenties. She was wearing a lightweight summer dress ... except that the top was completely unbuttoned, there was no bra underneath, and she had just flashed him.

Jack looked at her face but there was no discernible expression there. While he stared at her very nice sized hooters, she quickly glanced to both sides to insure that no one was watching her and then she seemed to stick out her chest, raising those big boobs noticeably.

Jack jerked the wheel, pulling the Jeep to the side of the pavement, where he parked and quickly climbed out of the car. Not wanting to scare the woman, he walked a bit tentatively toward her.

She was sitting on the far side of the table, her legs under the tabletop. He walked around the table and sat on the bench, facing away from the table. He looked down appreciatively at the soft white globes just inches away.

"Hello," he said, a little hesitantly.

"Are you my sugar daddy?"

"Are you looking for a sugar daddy?"

"Yes."

"Oh? What's that mean to you?"

"Someone who can give me a place to live and feed me and give me a little spending money."

"Oh? And what does he get?"

"All the lovin' he ever wanted."

"Really? That sounds ... great."

"Go ahead, touch 'em. I know you want to. It's alright."

Jack made sure no one was watching and then gingerly reached out and touched her breast. It was just as soft and smooth and full and enticing as it looked. Her nipple was hard but pliable. But the biggest surprise was the white watery liquid that oozed from her nipple.

"Do you like it?"

"Yes. Oh, yes!"

"Would you like more?"

"What?" he asked, startled at the question.

"Here, try this," she said, spreading her legs and pulling her skirt up to reveal a curly haired triangle between her legs. He could see the pink lips of her pussy nestled beneath the patch. He licked his lips in anticipation.

"Go ahead, touch it. It doesn't bite."

Jack dropped his hand between her thighs, feeling the soft smooth skin as he slid his hand higher and higher toward the brown-haired thatch. Then the tip of his finger touched the soft lacy petals of her inner lips standing proud above the puffy outer lips. The softness of her tit and thigh suddenly was rough and course in comparison. She was wet and ready when his finger slid up and down among the lips and as his finger carefully pushed inside her, she was staring intently into his eyes.

"Do you like that, honey?"

"Yes," he croaked.

Somehow she draped her skirt over his leg so that it obscured her hand as it settled lightly at his crotch. His cock was straining inside the shorts, begging for admittance to her treasures.

"Would you like some of this?"

"Yes," he whispered.

"You can have it every day."

"Yes."

"As many times a day as you want."

"Really?" he groaned. "What ... what do you want?"

Again she stated what she was looking for, this time telling him how much spending money she wanted per week. It surprised him how reasonable she was being.

Reluctantly he extracted his finger from her hot core. "I was about to take a hike. Would you join me so we can continue our discussion?"

"Sure, honey," she said, buttoning up the top of her dress.

They walked to the Jeep, where Jack helped her up the high first step, although not without getting a nice feel of her round bottom. She said nothing about it though.

Jack drove slowly on around the road to the few parking spots at the trail he'd selected. He walked about the Jeep to help the young girl out, and it seemed like she made a special effort to rub her body, particularly her tits, against Jack as he was putting her down.

They headed off down the trail and in just a few minutes seemed to be miles from civilization. The only connection with other people was the faint path that they walked. They could see no other people nor could they hear the sound of cars over the sounds of the forest. There was a soft moaning of the gentle breeze in the treetops, an occasional call of a bird passing, and the crunch of their shoes as they stepped on twigs and leaves underfoot.

Generally the trail was only wide enough for one person so Jack let the woman lead, careful to stay very close behind her. In fact after nearly 15 minutes of trekking in and out, up and down, crossing a small stream three times, she came to such an abrupt stop that Jack smacked into her back, curling his arms around her to insure that she did not fall. She caught his hands and pulled them up to her breasts, at the same time pushing her buttocks back against his crotch. He felt the sticky liquid coating his palms where he had held her tits.

Jack's erection was back instantly. In spite of the fact that she was a young woman, her tits were large and heavy, just the kind he had always preferred. He breathed in her scent of fresh soap and some faint sweet perfume.

"Are you sure you want to do this, sugar?"

"Yes."

"But why would you want a man who is so much older than you?"

"I like older men. They make gentler lovers."

"Oh? What if I can't please you?"

"You won't have a problem. I've felt you. I'm sure you are a good lover."

"Mm, wish I had as much confidence as you."

She wiggled her butt back into his crotch, feeling the hardness of his manhood. "Come on, honey. Let's do it."

"Now? Out here in the open?"

"We haven't seen anyone since we got on the trail."

"Well ... yeah, but ... ok, where?"

"Look. Up there." 

She pointed to an opening off to one side of the trail. By pushing through some sparse bushes, they came to a small grassy copse. Before he could react, she sat on the grassy carpet and pulled her skirt up to her waist, opening her top buttons at the same time.

Jack sank to his knees and opened his shorts, pushing them and his briefs down. His erection eagerly sprang forward and, as he leaned forward between her spread legs, searched for her secret hiding place. Finding it, he found her wet and ready and he slid easily into her depths.

Bending over her, he took one nipple into his mouth and began to lick and suck. He could not believe that warm sweet milk quickly filled his mouth. Her fingers raked through his hair and held him close, encouraging him to continue as long as he wanted. With his cock flexing inside her velvety glove, he changed to her other tit and began to suckle. Long, delicious minutes passed while Jack lost himself in her arms. Finally shifting his lips to her mouth, he began to move slowly in and out of her pussy. 

Jack figured if she was a professional at selling herself, there was no way he would make her cum. He had enough experience with those types of women to know their tricks for faking an orgasm. However when this young woman stiffened up and bit her lip to keep from crying out while her body shook, he was fairly certain that it was real. If not, then she was a much better actress than any other woman he had known.

Soon after she relaxed, she began to concentrate on getting Jack off. He could feel her pussy grab his cock with every out stroke, releasing when he pushed back in. It worked and just a couple of minutes later, he shot what felt like a personal record-sized load of hot cum into the young lady.

Very satisfied, Jack rolled over and lay beside the woman, staring up at the beautiful blue sky, lost in the afterglow of his own pleasure. However she was not content to let him vegetate after that action. She rolled up until she was laying across his torso, her left elbow on his left side, her body on the other. She captured his flaccid member in her left hand and guided it to her mouth, alternately licking and sucking his slick cock. Her right hand cupped his balls and gently, warmly massaged them and, after a few minutes, his probe began to return to life. She threw a leg over his lower body and eased herself down onto his arrow, piercing herself until she was sitting on his crotch. 

Leaning over him, she said, "Honey, if you like the taste, I need to get rid of several ounces of milk from both my tits. Would you like to suck them? It would make me feel much better."

Jack grinned and captured one of her nipples in his mouth. He was soon nursing naturally, savoring the taste of her mother's milk. Soon after, she started to wiggle her bottom, feeling his distended cock wandering from side to side within her. Both of them loved the roving mini-shocks coursing through their bodies. By the time Jack had sufficiently reduced the pressure in one globe, the woman appeared to wander through another shattering orgasm.

Pulling her tit from Jack's mouth, she shifted just enough for him to clamp onto the other breast and he resumed suckling. She resumed her wiggling - back and forth, side to side, around and around. She was, in Jack's opinion, the greatest overall sexual partner he had ever experienced, and she was so young!

As Jack got close to emptying her tit, the woman picked up speed, ramming herself up and down his shaft mercilessly, making it difficult for him to hold onto her nipple. He had to capture her tit with both hands to keep sucking. Meanwhile it felt like she was sucking the contents of his balls through his cock ... and that is exactly what she did. His climax exploded upon him before he had a chance to think about it. He bucked upwards to thrust his cock deep into her hot pussy and sprayed her insides with his sticky white sperm.

Finally she lowered herself to Jack's chest and he held her to keep her from rolling off. Both of them were spent but felt fantastic.

"Did you like that, honey?" she asked.

"Yes, very much."

"So did I. You could do that every day if you want to."

"Every day?"

"Several times every day if you want to."

"Really? How often do you think ...?"

"Three. Five. More if you can. Whatever you want to."

"Wow! I'd like that. What about the tits?"

"The milk? Well, I had a baby and I was forced to give it up for adoption because I didn't have a way to support it. I guess if you want to suck them four or five times a day, you could keep the milk going. Would you like to do that?"

After straightening their clothes, the two went back to the trail and hiked for another half hour. However the longer they went and the more Jack watched her shapely ass bouncing under the skirt of her dress, the more he wanted her again.

Still they passed no other hikers on the trail. Spotting a dead-fall off the path a ways, Jack tugged the young woman to it. Bending her over to lean on the old tree, he lifted her skirt while she spread her legs. Pulling out his cock, he aimed it at her pussy and watched it slide in so easily. He held her hips while he probed her pussy and smacked into her ass from behind. The round smoothness of her bottom was such a turn-on that he didn't last long, shooting another satisfying load into her cunt.

By the time he had finished, Jack decided that he had enough exploring for the day - at least as far as nature goes. They headed back to the Jeep but still didn't arrive back at his house until nearly dark that evening.

Her name turned out to be Sula Mae but she said she would kill anybody who called her that. She preferred to be known as Sue. That made it simple for Jack.

Sue took a look around Jack's modest house and agreed that she would be delighted to call it home. Jack gave her an unused bedroom for her own but she said that she'd spend most of her time in his master bedroom.

Four summers later, Jack was still Sue's sugar daddy. True to her word, she satisfied his every sexual desire. Even when she was on her period, he had no complaints. She either serviced him with her mouth or with her ass just as often as Jack wished. Never in his wildest dreams had Jack believed he would ever get so much pussy.

Sue was quite happy with the arrangements as well, although she had some mixed emotions about her tits swelling from D-cups to DD-cups. Still it was so sexy, so erotic to have Jack sucking her tits while his cock roved around inside her sloppy wet pussy, it was impossible to think of letting them dry up. After all, the attention to her nipples definitely made her orgasms stronger than ever.

Jack was so considerate. Yes, he expected to have sex with her frequently but he was so much more gentle with her and considerate in making sure she had her own enjoyment. She had never had a lover who pleased her so much. The difference in their ages had never been an issue. She was sure that she had her sugar daddy for many more years to come, and she intended to do everything she knew how to insure that she kept him.

The End