 The telephone caller said simply that the car was ready. Sue knew to expect the call but had no idea what was beyond. She was told it would be a limousine so at least she would be enjoying the night's adventure in luxury. She had dressed as directed in simple blue jeans, a white cotton blouse and low shoes. As she opened her door to start down to the waiting car the combination of the cool night air and the excitement made her nipples harden against the white lace bra.

As she approached the gate she could see the running lights of a limousine. The long dark shape provided a momentary phallic symbolism which stirred between her legs for the first time tonight. The door was open and the interior lights were on but no one was in sight. The only signs were the slight rumble of the powerful engine and the scent of exhaust. The dark windows made it impossible to identify the driver when she approached other than the vague "head-shaped" outline. She stepped into the car, sat down facing forward and pulled the door closed. 

Before her eyes could adjust to the darker conditions caused by the closing of the door the car moved smoothly onto the street in the direction of the Beltway. The wood laminated partition between the passenger compartment and the driver was closed. For a moment she had a touch of anxiety not knowing what would happen but that was the reason these experiences were so exciting and erotic. Just as her eyes began to adjust she was startled by the electronic chirping of her phone. The sound drew her attention to the armrest where a slim phone was glowing in pulse with the ringing. When she answered she was greeted with the familiar telephone voice. She was instantly aroused and suddenly ready for the adventure.

After a short greeting the familiar voice asked if she was ready for whatever lay ahead. 

"Yes", she answered nervously. 

The voice reminded her that in order to fully enjoy the adventure she must submit totally to his direction. She answered slowly but confidently knowing completely what her answer might mean. 

"Good, let's begin", he said.

She noticed the car rock slightly as if pulling off the road over a low curb and the sound of tires against crushed stone met her ears. The voice said they were very close to a local "ice house" and she would need to walk the last part of the block on foot. The car would draw too much attention in this environment. The car would wait here. The voice paused for a moment and she asked what she was to do here. The voice laughed softly and said she must be patient. He continued and said she should walk in to the ice house, sit at the bar and order a drink. Within a few minutes she must pick out a single man, approach him and have sex with him. Without pause he continued by saying she must do all this and be back in the car in thirty minutes. He would call in precisely thirty minutes and she must answer in the car or the evening would end. 

She was shocked by this beginning of the night but realized to complete the task she had no time to lose. Without thinking, she quickly left the car and walked to the glowing neon sign of the local ice house. As she approached she heard several laughing voices and evaluated the place as a local bar with mostly regular customers. Her suspicion was confirmed by the look of the bartender who noted her as a new customer but smiled since he obviously liked what he saw. The tight jeans assured that. 

She ordered a beer and slid up on a stool. She tried to remain calm as she settled on the stool and looked around the bar hoping to find a suitable mark. After examining two thirds of the bar with no luck, just small groups of regulars watching TV and a game of darts, she started to panic. To approach one man out of one of these small groups would be much more difficult. Then she saw just what she had hoped for; one man in his early twenties, sitting alone watching the game and eating a sandwich with a beer. She smiled as he noted her look, which was now approaching a stare. He smiled shyly and looked back to his meal. He was actually quite good looking with short brown hair and glasses. 

Thoughts and ideas raced through her head to get just the right approach. A quick check of her watch showed that if she was refused she would not have the time to move to a new target and still make the deadline, only twenty-five minutes remaining. Luckily he was young and probably would not require much arousal. 

She stood and moved slowly to where he was sitting. As he turned toward her, she asked politely, "Do you know much about cars?"

"My car wouldn't start after I finished my appointment down the street," she said.

"I know a little", he said.

"I'd be glad to take a look at least" as his eyes discretely sized up Sue's tall lean frame. 

She moved as close as she dared and noted more than a hint of interest on his part as he struggled to keep his gaze at her eyes instead of at the front of her blouse. She was glad she had thought to unbutton two more buttons on the walk to the bar. She thanked him profusely and moved only the minimum necessary for him to step off his stool to follow her to the parking lot. 

As she led him out to the parking lot, she was conscious of her hips moving a little more than normal in the tight jeans. She hoped he noticed. 

Thinking quickly she asked, "Do you have a flashlight?"

"I do, it's right over here in my truck", he replied.

Now she moved aside for him to lead but turned perfectly so her breast would brush his shoulder as he passed. She noticed a glimpse of the tightness in the front of his jeans and knew she was gaining ground. Only twenty minutes to go, but she would need two minutes at least to walk back to the limo. 

They approached a clean blue pick up truck parked by the edge of the lot under some trees. 

"Perfect", she thought, but how to make the next move? 

She couldn't scare him off now and still succeed. She had to make this work. As he unlocked the door and lifted the seat forward to reach behind the seat she took the chance and placed her hand gently on his shoulder as if to steady him as he reached into the truck. He seemed to freeze but did not pull away. 

In a second or two he relaxed and she slid her hand down his back to his belt and paused there just enough to get one final test of his reaction. He did not move away and she knew she was committed now. As her hand slid lightly down his firm butt he turned now slightly, almost facing her. Her hand rested firmly now on his ass and she looked down to the big black flashlight in his hand. Her right hand closed firmly around the flashlight and as he looked down she moved her left hand to gently rest on his bulging crotch. 

She looked him in the eye and said, "My, you have a big one". 

Feeling no resistance still, she reached up and unbuckled his belt as she turned him to lean back against the seat with the open door behind her. With more and more intensity she unfastened his jeans and unzipped the straining fly. Now, like a woman possessed, she pushed him into the cab up onto the seat as she pulled his jeans toward his knees. 

She climbed in after him, closing the door to extinguish the light. As she tore down his boxers she realized he was extremely hard. She knew without feeling, she would be very wet. She stripped off her jeans faster that ever before and in a flash was out of her panties and on his lap. 

She rose up slightly, not caring that anyone walking by might see. She was aware of his soft moans now as he surrendered completely to her. His hands moved instantly to her breasts and she felt his hands between the blouse and her bra, kneading her firm mounds. 

The condom package proved difficult but his hardness made covering him easy. In one movement she was over him and down with his rock hard cock deep inside her. She moaned in ecstasy and moved solidly up and down with the intensity of a deprived woman. With only a few strokes she felt him tense inside her soaking wet pussy. She was almost lost to the experience and intended to continue to her satisfaction when she realized she had only a few minutes remaining. 

She slid up and off him and to the surprised look on his face, gathered her jeans, pulled them on and slid into her shoes. She kissed him gently on the cheek, thanked him, opened the right side door and slid out. 

She was still straightening her blouse as she hurried down the street seeing she had barely two minutes to get to the limo. Just as she opened the door the phone was ringing and breathlessly she answered. 

The calm erotic voice was there asking if she had enjoyed herself. Only then did she realize she had been aroused beyond belief by this incredible moment of uninhibited passion. 

The voice said simply "Tell me about it" and as she began telling every detail she suddenly realized she had forgotten her panties.