 So here's how I ended up living in Leamington, Ontario of all places. I was driving across the US from South Carolina to visit some friends in California and see the Pacific ocean for the first time(not to mention get with some nice and freaky Cali girls if I had the chance), and I stopped in Arizona for a night before finishing the trip the next morning. I spotted the neon on the Desert Flower Motel's sign from the interstate and figured it'd be as good as any other to sleep off the road. I parked my retired police cruiser in the first space and walked in, smiling at the cheesy décor (especially the old cigar Indian in the corner) and was surprised by the woman working the counter. She was in her late twenties if I had to guess, kind of heavy set, and with neon green hair that matched the sign that drew me off the interstate.

There was no small talk, she was pretty rude actually. After requesting a room close to the front of the parking lot, she threw the key to 104 at me and snatched my credit card out of my hand. When I dared to asked if there were any decent bars around to pick up women at, she smiled at me and simply said "The Boom-Boom Room"

I went to my room to wash the weariness of the road off of me, put on clothes that at least looked decent,(a pair of acid washed Levi's and a long sleeved white button up shirt with tiny silver threads running through it.) and looked up directions to this Boom-Boom Room place. Lucky for me it was only a few miles up the road in Windsor. As soon as I saw the place I knew the green-haired bitch was fucking with me. 

The Boom-Boom Room was a techno club. Complete with black strobe lights, a laser show and fog generators. Most of the people inside were dressed like any other clubbers, only with florescent bracelets and necklaces flashing under the black strobes. A few looked like they just got kicked out of a rave, with baggy pants and brightly colored shirts with halos of neon around their heads from the tie-die head bands. I looked at myself in the queer purple light, and noticed my shirt had turned pale purple with black lines where the silver had been, and my jeans had a severe bleached out appearance.

The bottom floor was nothing but a mass of writhing bodies in the booming faster than lightening music. So, I fought my way to the stairs and found a slightly less crowded bar that looked out over the pit of bodies. I tried talking to a few of the attractive and less drunk women in the bar, and received nothing but a few giggles in return before they ran off with their free drinks. I was getting ready to call it a night and go back to my hotel room and my laptop to jerk off to free internet porn, when I saw her.

She walked in with all the grace and confidence of a Greek goddess, which was fitting considering the flowing white dress and gold hair band she was wearing. She had dark hair, I couldn't tell exactly that color as the black lights turned it black anyway, and it also turned her tanned skin an odd shade of dark orange. Even from so far away, I could tell she was more then pretty, her well defined cheekbones and nose gave a starting point to either move down to her full lips, or up to her big brown eyes. I also quickly noticed she had gorgeous breasts, which the dress she wore did absolutely nothing to hide and everything to enhance. She was a good bit shorter than me, not that I ever minded having to lean down for a kiss. Besides, with the body hiding under that dress, she could've been a midget and I wouldn't have minded.

I watched her wave to the two guys running the sound system on the stage, then take a left and head for the stairs to the bar. I watched her and her cleavage climb them, trying to think of a decent pick-up line, but failing every time due the fact I was more interested in how to describe her breasts. 

Perky, yes, but not to the point they pointed at the ceiling. Bouncy, of course, but not rubbery or jiggly. The only word I could think of to accurately describe them was sweet. However, sweet didn't do it justice; something else would have to take its place. What can I say? I was bored and thinking up words to call her boobs was fun. Feeling more bored than brave, I waited until she topped them and followed her to the bar. Before she could order, I tapped her on the shoulder and shouted over the blaring thousand beat-per-minute music. "Hey Sugar Tits, what can I buy you?"

She looked up at me and smiled like she'd never been hit on. "Sex On the Beach." she answered as the music hit a low point. Of course, when I tried to get her drink, the music sped back up and became louder than I wanted to yell. Finally the bartender saw us, and she got her fruity concoction. "Thanks!" she yelled and took a large sip from it. "Where you from?"

I looked around and tried to get us as far from the speakers as possible. "South Carolina, I was on my way to Cali." I told her and went one to explain. "Some chick with green hair told me to come here to take my mind off the road."

"Off the road huh?" she asked and immediately put her hand on my crotch. "Or off your girlfriend?" she said with raised eyebrows and squeezed my dick as she slurped down more of her schnaps, vodka, and fruit juice.

I smiled and thanked whatever diety delivered this techno-clubbing goddess to me and leaned in close to say "Actually, Sugar Tits, I'm single." then winked at her and reached out to run my hand down her side, stopping on her hip and pulling her towards me. She never let the straw from her sex on the beach leave her lips. "You live around here?" I asked when her hand, still clutching my cock through my pants, finally met her body and was trapped between us.

Her eyes got wide, and she smiled as she sucked down the rest of her drink. "I live in Canada!" she blurted out, laughing and nearly dashing my hopes. "But I'm sure you have a room nearby." I grinned and held up the key to room 104 at the Desert Flower Motel. "Lets go." she ordered and tossed her glass to the bartender and nearly pulled me outside.

"Woah there, babe." I said as she tried to drag me the wrong direction to get to my car. "Can I at least get your name?" I asked and pulled her back towards me and in the right direction.

She spun around with a pouty look on her face, framed perfectly by her wavy nearly-black hair. "What, Sugar Tits doesn't qualify?" I asked and I nearly laughed until she kept going. "I like Sugar Tits. I think it will be my name from now on." She said matter-of-factly and then swung her arms back and forth impatiently. "So... Where'd you park?"

I pointed back over my shoulder with what had to be an amazed look on my face. "Over there." Then I offered my free hand out to her. "Name's Jeremy, by the way... Sugar Tits." I said trying not to grin too broadly.

She shook it quickly and kissed me on the cheek as she walked past me, still pulling me by my left hand. "Come on, come on!" she shouted and pulled harder. "I don't know what kinda car it is." she complained and I hurried my stride to catch up, quickly taking the lead to where I parked my Impala, and opened the door for her. "Thank you." she chimed and sat down.

I attempted to not seem too eager to get her back to my room, but the ten mile trip only took eight minutes, and she giggled her ass off each time I served between two vehicles to save a few seconds. "Here we are." I announced as I slid the key into the slot and door started to swing open.

Sugar Tits was all over me before I knew what was happening. Her tongue was in my mouth, her ass was in my hands, and her legs and arms were wrapped around me. She pulled my head back by a handful of my hair and asked my astonished face. "What's wrong? Don't like it rough?" she cooed and gave me a little extra jerk.

I laughed and smacked the door closed. "You want it rough?" I asked and smacked her on the ass one good time, making her clench her teeth and emit a low moan. "I'll take that as a yes," I said and pulled against her hand to get my lips pressed back to hers. 

While we were kissing I feel onto the bed on top of her, and she pushed me back up and followed to a sitting position. She laughed up at me and ran her hands up under my shirt, clawing me lightly before ripping my shirt open, popping buttons off in the process, and starting on my belt as she kissed my stomach. "You bitch!" I laughed and grabbed her by the hair. "I love this shirt!" I told her and threw her back on the bed. 

I crawled up the bed, kissing up her legs and separating them as I went. I flipped her dress up and kept going until I was kissing and licking around the waistband of her white cotton panties. She smacked me on the back of the head and yelled "Stop teasing me!" and arched her back off the bed so I could yank her undies off. 

Sugar Tits' pussy was nearly as sweet as her breasts. I couldn't resist simply diving for her hole and driving my tongue as deep into her as I could. She moaned and grabbed my hands from her hips while I sucked and licked at her sweet juices, and placed them firmly on her bared breasts.

I quickly found her hardened nipples with my fingers as I sought out her clit with my lips and pressed down on it while I started to twist her nipples, pulling more moans from her. Her hands had left mine on her tits, and were already knotting themselves up in my hair, pushing and pulling my head where she felt my mouth would be most useful.

As I sucked her clit through her first orgasm, I kicked my shoes off and worked my pants down thanks to Sugar Tits undoing my belt earlier. I made my way up her body, kissing, biting, and sucking on every other inch of her, stopping to lick her belly button just to listen to her giggle as she reared up to pull her dress off and throw it across the room. One hand knotted in my hair again as I stopped to suck and nibble on her firm and lovely boobs. The other was raking across my back until I went up to let her lick her own wetness from the inside of my mouth, then it circled around and grabbed the base of my dick and yanked it towards her waiting pussy.

The head popped into her with a gasp and moan from both of us. Sugar Tits had one hell of a tight pussy for a girl that acted as slutty as she did. She wrapped her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist, then dug her heels into my ass, pulling me all the way into her and holding me there. "That feels really good," she moaned, "when I let you go, you'd better pound the fuck out of my cunt."

I smiled down at her, feeling her inner walls rhythmically gripping me, and had to say, "Only if you tell me your name." She rolled her eyes and let some pressure off my ass, and I just twisted my hips and my dick inside her. She arched her back and moaned through clenched teeth, digging her fingernails into my back. I laughed and pulled my cock from her twat, slammed it back inside her to make her sweet breasts bounce and jiggle, and froze there with my dick pushed up against her back wall. "I wasn't kidding, Sugar Tits," I whispered to her, and repeated the process, "Tell me your name." 

I yanked away once more, and as I was thrusting back into her, Sugar Tits yelled, "Tiana!" and as I pulled out of her sopping wet hole only to plow back in again, she went on screaming, "Tiana! Tiana! Just Fuck Me! My Fucking Name Is Tiana!" and bucking her hips up at me, trying to work my dick deeper into her tunnel as I plowed away between her thighs. "Harder, Dammit!" she barked at me, and craned her neck to bite me on the chest.

I growled at her and reached up to grab the top of the fake-wooden head board, and pulled my body with my arms while pushing with my legs. I couldn't help but watch her tits rolls and bounce around between my body and hers as I assaulted her bald box. It felt more like I was trying to fuck straight trough her then deeper and harder into her. Sugar Tits... I mean, Tiana, started groaning through her teeth as the bed started seriously creaking, and the head board was already beating against the wall. I was afraid something was going to break, then her teeth left my skin and she wailed, "Don't stop, Jeremy! I'm cumming! OOOHH! GOD!" I watched her face contort from the sweet girl with nice tits, into something lust driven and hungry as we thrust and bucked and screamed and roared our way through her pussy quaking orgasm.

When she started breathing again, I jerked away from her and smacked her on the side of the leg. "Roll over." I ordered. She shot me a dirty look, and didn't move. So, I grabbed her by the hair, pulled her to her knees, and twisted her around so she had to grab the headboard to keep from getting her face pushed into the wall. She whimpered as I climbed back onto the bed behind her. Still holding her by the hair, I rammed my dick inside her again. I leaned in close to her and asked, "What's wrong, Sugar Tits? I thought you liked it rough?" then snaked my tongue across the hard ridge on the outside of her ear.

She moaned and tried to drop her head, but I held her up firmly as I started shafting her again. As I licked and sucked her ear, I started getting the rhythm and speed back that I needed to make her cum again, and then I felt her pushing back at me. Tiana was slapping her ass against my stomach as my balls were tapping her clit when she started panting and whining, "I'm gonna... I'm gonna... Oh... Ooo... Keep going..."

I jerked her head to one side and leaned down to bite her on the neck, ending her whining as she froze up for a second. After a minute of me pounding away at her spasming pink tulip and her trying to catch her breath, Tiana screeched out, "I'M CUMMING!" which was followed by a scream that I can only express through text as "AAAAAAAAAAAAA IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!"

When she started moving again, she was still in the middle of her orgasm, and her hips were going crazy on me. Her pussy pulsed, writhed and gripped on my dick as I kept splitting her open and my thrusts became as erratic as her movements. I let go of her neck and hair, leaned back to spank her ass sharply and announced, "I'm gonna cum!"

Without missing a beat, or psychotic whirling thrust depending on how you look at it, Tiana yelled, "Don't stop! Cum in me! Just fuck me!" I gripped her by the ass and pounded into her as I felt my dick swell up even more in her tight dripping wet cunt. I growled through clenched teeth and roared as my balls clenched up and I shot my load deep inside her and drenched her pussy with cum. 

We kept thrusting at each other until my sperm was sloshing out of her lips and my dick was getting sore from the abuse. Finally, I think Tiana's legs gave out, because she slumped down on the bed and was attempting to catch her breath as I joined her on the now stained comforter.

I don't know who fell asleep first, but I awoke to the sun in the window and Tiana in the shower. I briefly considered running to my car and making this a true one night stand, but I honestly couldn't resist getting my hands and lips on Sugar Tits' sugar tits again. I walked to the bathroom, gently stroking the morning wood I woke up with, and popped the shower door open to see Tiana rubbing suds and hot water on her chest. Her nipples stood at full alert, flicking back and forth each time her hand or wrist passed over them as she cleaned.

My dick swelled and hardened at the sight and I stepped into the stream of hot water with her. I poked her in the belly with it before reaching out to pull her wet body to me and kiss her on the cheek. She smiled up at me and laughed when my shaft jumped against her stomach. I moved my hands to her breasts and picked up where she left off, gently rubbing them and working up a good lather with the soap left there.

"I think those are clean enough," she told me and gently pulled my hands away, "My back however, needs washing." Tiana placed a bar of soap in my hand and pushed her butt towards me. I washed her slowly, rubbing her shoulders and sides gently, and firmly removing a few knots in her back, which made her sigh and arch her back even more.

As I got down to her lower back, I bent my knees and eased my dick between her cheeks. After I missed her hole, and rubbed up and down her slit with the head of my dick a few times, Tiana reached down and pulled my cock into her roughly. "Thanks." I moaned and pushed the rest of the way into her as I finished soaping her back and moved down to her ass.

She moaned and started rocking against me when I rubbed her butt with the soap, then she groaned and dropped her head with a gasp when I ran my suds-covered hands up her crack and across her rear entrance. "Really?" I laughed and twisted my dick inside her. I asked, "You like it back here too?" and pushed my middle finger past her pucker up to the second knuckle.

She bit her lip and moaned, still pushing her hips at my dick, until the rest of my fist was up against her crack. The she started nodding and panting. "Yeeeaaah..." she moaned, then asked, "Will you.. Will you please... Fuck my ass?"

I pushed my dick deeper inside her cunt, and forced my index finger inside her next to my middle one. I started twisting them and pumping them in and out of her slowly in time with how she was riding my cock. "What was that?" I laughed, and shoved my cock and fingers in her at the same time.

She yelped, or barked I suppose, and I felt her pussy start to quiver and shake again. "Fuck My Ass!" She ordered and pushed towards my fingers instead of my dick. I pulled away out of both her holes, and pushed the head of my dick through her sphincter before it tightened up. I pushed her up against the tiled wall as I bored deeper in her asshole. "Oh... More, baby... more..." She moaned and reached behind her to hold my hips as I got the last inches up her hole.

I kissed her neck and wrapped my arms around her, left hand to the pair of flesh melons that caught my eye to begin with, and the right to her slit to find her clit and drum on it. She dug her nails into my side as I started butt-fucking her. In and out, short slow strokes, building speed and length, until we were both moaning and groaning for more. I rolled and pinched her nipples, switching back and forth, as I pressed and tweaked her cum-button with my other hand.

She threw her head back and started rocking her body at me, working my cock in her ass as the warm water flowed over both of us. "Fuck my ass," she started groaning, staring up at me, lost in what I guessed was the beginnings of an orgasm. I moved my left hand from her tits to her throat, squeezing gently and pulling her head back towards me to lean down for a kiss. 

While she moaned around my tongue, I pressed down harder on her clit and rolled it between two fingers. "Oh God!" she cried out and wrenched an arm around to grab me by the hair. She harder she pulled, the faster I frigged her nubbin and the tighter I squeezed her neck. "Uuhhh..." she groaned and closed her eyes, "fuckin choke me and fuck my ass!"

The tempo and pressure picked up then. The sounds of flesh on flesh as her back met my front, and of water slapping and washing between us, filled the tiny bathroom quickly. Tiana's screams drowned those soon after when they joined me telling her and anyone in earshot that I was going to cum. I shoved my cock up her ass three maybe four times more before my dick erupted inside her, spewing semen deep into Tiana's bowels as I kept pumping away at her. We collapsed soon after, letting the water and the afterglow wash over us until the shower ran cold. 

Less than an hour later, we were sitting on the hood of my car looking out over the dry landscape and eating vanilla frosties from the Wendy's we stopped at for a late breakfast. Tiana had on one of my old jerseys with a knot tied in it just under her delicious tits, and pair of my shorts that looked more like wide-leg gauchos on her. The Wendy's parking lot was nearly deserted, and even if it wasn't, I still would have reached over and groped her right breast as she looked up a bird flying overhead that I called her attention to. She scolded me and laughed as she flung a bit of ice cream at me.
