 "Wait," she says.

He can’t wait. He sighs as she fumbles with the keys to her apartment. She’s nervous or excited, he doesn’t know which, but they had the same effect on him anyway. He can smell the excitement rising in her; he can see her hands shaking so badly the keys would not fit the door.

He calmly places a hand over hers and guides the key into the slot. He breathes down her neck and softly whispers in her ear, "It’s as easy as that when we work together."

She melts at his words, leaning back into him so suddenly he has to catch her weight before she collapses on the floor.

Once they’re inside, he closes the door quickly and she drops her packages and handbag on the floor. She turns quickly, not realizing he's right behind her, and his mouth finds hers before she can say a word. He pushes her up against the wall to help support them both as he runs his hand up through the sweep of her long, blond hair, which she has tucked behind one ear. She does that to entice him, to offer up the gentle curve of her neck, her small shell-like ear, and her delicate throat. As his fingers brush past, they feel the pounding of the blood through her arteries.

He presses up against her, letting her feel the excitement she has aroused in him. His hand slides down her neck, pausing to casually play with the necklace he had bought her that day, then slides on down. He kisses her softly at first, but when she returns his attentions the kisses go beyond, deeper, truer, the passion flares. His hand slides down over her filmy top and over her heaving breast. His touch causes a sharp intake of breath. She wraps her long slender arms around his neck, pulling him down to her.

In raising her arms, she also raises her top, baring her midriff, and his hand slides past her hardening nipples to toy with her navel ring, the one with the tiny silver bell he so enjoys ringing. She smiles and sighs at the tinkling sound and the warmth of his hands on her skin. She presses into his hand, urging their caresses. He obliges with a soft stroke that follows the contours of her firm tummy, walking his fingers over her ribs up under her shirt to the warm dampness under her bare breasts. He loves it when she goes without her bra Her nipples harden even more at his touch. Slowly he draws his palm across her breast so that only the tip of her erect nipple draws circles on his palm. He moans and shivers at the sensation, a reaction that drives her wild with desire.

She pushes him back against the opposite wall in the hallway, her eyes burning with the desire to have him, to have him now. She reaches out and tears his shirt open, laughing as the buttons fly, bouncing off the walls and clattering across the hall tiles. She runs her hands through the hair on his broad chest and traces the curve of a scar above his right breast from a childhood climbing accident. Caught unawares by her violent advance, his hands are trapped behind him in the sleeves of his shirt. She then dives for his belt, falling to her knees as she deftly removes the obstruction to her obviously excited target. He is still struggling with his sleeves when his jeans are roughly pulled to his knees and he laughs at the animal lust he has awoken in her. Then he falls, unable to catch himself with his arms trapped and his legs fettered. He brings her down with him, and they collapse in a heap of giggles and laughter.

The fall shreds his shirt, freeing his hands. He makes a display of slowly peeling off the remains. She straddles him on the cool tile floor, pulling her short skirt up in the process. She wants him bad enough now that he can do nothing but follow her lead as she bends to lick and kiss her way across his hard stomach muscles. He reaches up and brushes her long hair up over her ears so he can watch as she administers her talented tongue. The muscles quiver under his skin as her kisses travel downward.

She swings her head to make her long tresses slide across his skin, teasing him even more. His arousal is evident already, peeking out above the waistband of his boxers, staring at her. She gives a small squeal of delight and pounces on it with abandon. She crouches down with her butt in the air and her chin down between his barely parted legs. Both her hands are on the waistband of his boxers as she gets ready to pull them down. She pauses and looks up at him with those lovely sea-green eyes, so wide and full of wonder, as if to ask silently if she is allowed to continue.

He nods, giving her consent, which makes her squirm even more. She slowly pulls down his boxers, peeling them back to reveal the hidden charms. Her eyes widen even more as his shaft raises to meet her. She licks her lips in silent expectation. Slowly she pulls the boxers down over his sac and his penis slaps lewdly back against his stomach as it is freed from the pressure of his boxers. She giggles at the sound it makes slapping against his stomach and at the way he jumps at the feeling.

Then she roughly pulls his boxers the rest of the way off. Settling back, she nestles between his legs and picks up his throbbing member and licks slowly down the shaft, keeping her eyes on his the whole time. He closes his eyes at the intensity of it all. With her long nails she gently lifts and scratches the pebbled surface of his sac, feeling the heavy weight of his balls. She juggles them, while slowly circling the tip of his cock with her tongue.

His hips start to slowly pump and prod her, forcing her to either back up or swallow more of his precious man meat. She opens her mouth and lets it slide in. He moans and encourages her on with her play. Faster she pumps his cock, sliding her thumb up the ridge in front, keeping pressure on it the whole time, wetting the shaft entirely with her saliva. She's so excited that she’s dripping from both ends. Letting go of his balls she reaches down and starts playing with her pussy and clit while sucking in his cock as deep as she can. Now she's moaning, too.

He looks up to see that she has her eyes closed now while she fingers herself and sucks on his pole. He comes up on one elbow and slowly runs his fingers through her hair and then down over the back of her head. When she looks at him he twitches his head, indicating to her to slide around. With a squeal she spins on the spot, lifting her leg and straddling his chest as she continues to suck him.

Now his view is of her short black skirt hiked up over her hips, with her panties so wet they have become transparent. Her pussy lips, swollen with desire, are clearly visible through the satin thong and he slowly slides a finger around the edges, toying with her.

He feels the effect his touch is having on her through the rhythm of her mouth. No longer steady, now she stops and starts while punctuating the scene with groans and growls. Her juices, he sees, are flowing freely down her inner thighs. He tentatively licks the trail of juices, following slowly up to the source. He slips one finger under the edge of her thong, slides it to one side, revealing the hidden flower, and teases the edges of her puffy lips, so slick with juices. Sliding softly around her lips he finds the hidden pearl and teases it gently from its hood. She shudders at the feelings he is drawing from her and her knees and thighs are shaking. 

He is close to coming with the increased ministrations she is applying to his cock. His shudders tell her he is close. She responds by pressing her pussy down harder on his tongue, forcing his whole mouth and face to work her over. Twice she climaxes, flooding him with her juices before he blasts his thick load down her throat.

They roll to the side, both breathing heavy, and he crawls over and lets her lay her head on his chest while they rest awhile, too drawn to continue for now. What a scene they made there in the hallway, not even past the front entrance. A cool breeze is blowing in under the door, reviving him long before she recovers. He stands and gently picks her up in his arms and walks down the hall, past the living room and straight to the bedroom.

"So much for a nightcap," he whispers, smiling.

"Hmmm, I've had mine. And I can't wait for another. "

Editor Mustang Sally did wonders with this story. I can't thank her enough.