 My hands begin to wrinkle and hurt. I only have a few more dishes to wash. I haven't cleaned up my sink in a while and it was beginning to get really bad. Lit candles line around my kitchen as the Smashing Pumpkins pour through my cd player. 

Have you ever noticed how when you do a simple mundane chore and during which your mind wanders? This happens to me a lot. I always find myself thinking some really insane things But today my mind wandered onto one subject: my friend Vincent. He hasn't left my head for three days. 

We had been really goods friends for a while. Ten recently, I found myself getting attracted to him. Nothing serious, a little crush.. or so I thought. I never thought anything would come out of it, and I never thought he would feel the same. But some how, that one day, the way his eyes beamed at me and then his dark, soft hair fell just right over his forehead, I knew I was slowly falling. 

A knock at the door shook me back to reality. I turned off the water and went to answer it. "Vincent? What are you doing here?" My greeting to him came out a little wrong because of the coincidence of me just thinking about him. He shook it off and said, "Eh, I was in the area and decided to stop by." He stepped into my house and gave me a hug before asking me what I was up to. 

"Oh, just finishing dishes. Come and keep me company while I clean up." Vincent followed me to the kitchen as I stepped up to the sink. I turned the water back on and finished the last of my plates. Vincent leaned on the counter next to me and said, "I'm actually glad you were home, I have been meaning to talk to you about something." I turned off the water when the last dish was clean and dried my hands off. "Ok, let's talk." 

I sensed it was serious when he looked down in silence. I approached him and lifted his chin with my fingertips. "Hey, it's ok, you can talk to me. That's what I'm here for." He smiled innocently and began. "It's just, well, these last couple of weeks, you have slowly been... driving me crazy. You've been on my mind and, well.." His voice trailed and he turned away. My stomach flip-flopped and my throat began to pinch like I was about to cry. Vincent looked back up at me and saw my face, taking it as a bad sign. "I'll just... forget it, forget what I said." He turned away and started towards the door. "Vincent, wait." He froze and turned back to me. 

His eyes were filled with pain, pain I never meant to cause. I wanted to tell him everything I was feeling, everything I was thinking. But I just found myself in his arms, him holding me close. We sat down at my table and talked. We had a conversation that felt like it took place in a dream. He sat next to me, tossing the cap of a Bud Light in his left hand. 

I saw the look in his eyes again. That same loom that made me realize that I loved him. He sat next to me and leaned his head on his hand, smiling. I was leaning over towards him, and had such an urge to kiss him right then. He didn't budge, I knew he wanted to kiss me too. 

Then the phone rang. We both looked at each other and laughed. I answered it and it was my mother, checking up on me. After I chatted with her for a bit, Vincent stood up next to me when I hung up the receiver. I turned to see him, placing his hands on my hips. "Now, where were we?" My arms feel numb of the kiss as I pace them around his shoulders. 

This kiss was incredible. I couldn't believe it. More passionate and beautiful then I would ever imagine. The countertop pressed against my back, and hit against my spine, but he wouldn't let me move. I stood pinned under him for a few moments. Then he lifted my body up so I sit on the counter. His lip still on mine, his hands move all over my body rubbing my back, my chest, my stomach.. anywhere he could find. 

I wanted him so bad to touch my skin, to feel his hands, but he wouldn't. I knew he was teasing me. He loved to tease, watch you squirm until you just couldn't stand it anymore. But he still just played and toyed with body. My hands rubbed at the back of his neck, pulling at his hair and massaging his skin. He responded by finally giving in and placing his warm hands on my bare back under my shirt. As I wrapped my legs around his body, pulling him tighter into me, he went further up my shirt and unclasp my bra. 

Lifting the fabric off my body, my shirt and bra were removed. When his hands moved along my breasts, kneading my skin and tingling my nerves, his lips moved to my neck. His tongue made circle around on my skin, sucking hard like a vampire. I whispered little things in his ear, urging him on, "Vincent, please... don't... stop..." My pleas became an excuse to tease me even more. 

His lips pulled away from my skin and he looked at me. "Don't stop what?" I dropped my head back, leaning it on the cabinet behind me, "Oh, Vincent, please." I growled at him, but still asked, "Please what? Tell me." He didn't touch me with his lips at all, and his hands stopped, resting on my bare chest. I reached to kiss him, satisfy me with my own lips but he pulled away. "Come on, just tell me. What do you want?" 

I told him, "I want to kiss my neck. Suck on my skin.. till it bleeds." He smiled at me, finally giving in and leaned his mouth down to my ear. "Is this it, what you want?" and gently grazed my neck with his lips., then pulled away. "Yes.. don't stop." He kissed my skin a little harder this time, but it always felt good. He returned to kissing and touching me, and I couldn't take it, I held his face and kissed him hard, twirling my tongue around his while unbuttoning his shirt slowly. It fell to the floor as I ran my fingers over his chest, feeling his soft skin tense under my touch. 

I slipped down off the counter, holding Vincent close to my body. I pushed him back, leaning him on the sink behind him, under my body. He put his arms on my waist and I pushed them away. "No," I said, "It's my turn." He smiled and raised his hands to show empty palms. 

I parted my lips and let the tip of my tongue rest on his lips. As he opened his mouth a little, I moaned for him not to, and he closed his mouth. My tongue lined his lips, running over his skin already sore from kissing me. With a gentle lick, my tongue ran down his neck sliding over his Adam's apple. As my lips made my way down his chest, my fingers move to his pants, unbuttoning his top button. I take the zipper and hold it for a slight second, making him wait and squirm. He looks down at me, my face breathing on his belly. Moving the zipper down a few clicks, his boxers peak through. A smile goes across my face as I realize I bought him those boxers. 

AS the last click rests on his zipper, I slide his pants down to his ankles. He kicked his shoes off and releases his pants from his legs. I breathe in the heat from his body as I pull his boxers down. He takes a deep breath and places his hands on the sink behind him. I tried hard to keep myself calm. Trying hard to not let him know I might not be able to take it any longer. I put my hands on his thighs, rubbing his bare skin with my nails. 

Vincent laughed at my patience, leaning his head back. I devoured him, just like I had imagined a few minutes before. He flinched his body as my tongue spun around his cock. My hand still scrapping at his legs, he moves his hands to his head, pulling his hair at the roots. He begins to moan and breathe heavily, I close my eyes to just enjoy the sounds. My parted lips are wrapped around his throbbing skin; I can feel it pulse through his body. He grows with the pleasure as my motions get faster and my kisses get harder. His juices flow out of his body into my mouth, licking it away as he holds onto the counter, trying not to fall over. 

I stand up, looking into his eyes filled with sweet revenge. He pulls my face towards him by the back of my head. He tasted his liquids in mine with our kiss. His other hand moves to my back pushing my body onto his, hard. His eyes shut tightly, he moved me to the kitchen table. I wasn't sure what was on it but he pushed everything off of it to the ground, breaking some glass objects. I really didn't care. The broken shards on the floor were the least important thing on my mind right then. With Vincent's tongue making it's way down my neck and his hands unbuttoning my pants, all I could think about was the passion the awaited me. 

His hands slipped into my jeans pressing on my tender skin through my panties. Again his teasing drove me crazy when he moved his hand deeper down my leg to my thigh. "Vincent, don't tease.", I pleaded in his ear, "We're even." He looked up at me and said, "Oh, baby, we're not even close to even." 

My body lay the length of the table, chilling my bare back. His body lay next to mine, his right side overlapping me. My right foot rests on the edge of the table while my left leg dangles like a puppet. His venturing hand moves back up to my underwear, pressing a little harder this time. He feels my juices seeping through, and pulls at the top of my panties to let his hand in. He slowly inches his hand towards the dip in my skin. His lips move towards mine as his middle finger slides into my hole, making my muscles in my body collapse with passion. As his middle finger slides in and out of me, his thumb rests on my clitoris making it harden slightly. 

His constricted hand is pleasuring me but it's not enough. I need more. As I begin grinding my hips to the motion, I slip my jeans and underwear off to my bare, naked body laying under his. I kicked my clothes to the floor and Vincent pulls away slightly from the kiss. He looks into my eyes and smiles slightly as he moves his body down, meeting his face with his hand. 

Vincent's warm tongue slides into the spot where his middle finger was and licks my juices slowly. He sticks out his tongue and licks from the top to the bottom franticly, making me twitch and my nerves numb. He kisses my wet skin and hold onto my thighs so as not to let me move. He knows me all too well. 

His actions are slow and drag, taunting my awaiting orgasm. I can't take it. I move my hand down to satisfy myself, but he holds my hand, interlocking our fingers together to keep me away. He knows it's killing me, and he quickens his actions. His free hand moves from my thigh and finger fucks me, while the rest of me is getting sucked on by his tasty mouth. I feel the tingle of an orgasm. As the moans from my mouth get louder, it urges him on, making him go faster. My free hand moves to his neck, rubbing his hair and trying to stimulate him in any way possible. 

My insides feel like they are flip-flopping and Vincent knows I'm about to burst. My liquids flow out with my screams escaping my lips. My body trembles and I hold Vincent's hand tighter. He drinks all of my honey, leaving nothing behind before he stands up, pulling my back off the table. 

With a slight kiss on the lips, I pull Vincent towards me, filling me with his thrusts. Slowly he moves into me, then faster he pushes into my inner cavity. He lays his body on top of mine, kissing my sore lips. I twisted his body around and rolled on top of him. His body lay flat, with his hands on my hips. 

As I take control, I put my hands on his chest with my legs straddled on either side of him. I grind against his hips, moving against him as his hands guide me. His jaw drops at the sensation of another orgasm surfaces as I go faster. His hands move to my ass and pushes me down harder. He grunts and moans sweet sounds of pleasure as I feel a twinge inside. He moves his hips to mine as he explodes, dripping his juices inside of me as I continue to tingle of my own orgasm. My body gets weak and my arms loosen, making me let go of his chest. I lean back and let out a long moan as Vincent places his index finger on my lips. 

I stop moving and Vincent send a shiver through my tired body as his finger no my lips moves down my body slow until it rests on his chest. Out of breath, I push my hair off my forehead and look down at him. His gorgeous eyes were glaring at me. This beautiful moment, forever imprinted in my mind. Interrupted by the phone ringing, again.