 Copyright reserved by SugardaddyX

This story is the second in the"Sugarbaby Chronicles." These are works of fiction. Any persons or events depicted here are imaginary and exist only in the Author's mind. These stories will tell the tales of a number of women and men who enter into fictional adult consensual arrangements. The Author intends for each story to stand on its own, however, characters in one story may find their way into other stories depending on reader reactions and requests. Input, voting and comments are very highly valued and encouraged by the author.

Author's Note: I apologize for the delay in the second installment of this series. However, I hope many more are soon forthcoming.

Chapter One

Bella stood in line on stage at the Irwin Center on the University of Texas campus and waited to receive her BS in Nursing. She turned to look at the crowd and her face broke out into that million-watt smile. She knew he was sitting out there.

In a month she was moving to Houston to begin her first job since bagging groceries as a surgical nurse at a very prestigious cardiac hospital. Bella knew life would change again for her, but this time she felt confident and secure. He assured Bella he would continue to be there in whatever capacity or role they agreed upon, and Houston was only a two and half hour drive from Austin.

As they called her name she strode proudly across the stage to receive her paper. She was proud of what she had accomplished—finishing her degree in three years with a 3.8 GPA and landing a highly sought after job. Her joy was not only for herself, but for him, too. After all, he had invested in her, mentored her, and believed in her. 

Besides, what he had done to her the night before as she modeled her cap and gown was fucking hot!

Her pussy was still a little sore as she reached for diploma and the slight pain was a happy reminder of all the pleasure and joy, physically and emotionally, that he had bestowed on her. She also knew his cock was a little sore from the pleasure she had bestowed on him—so they were at least even in that regard.

Chapter Two

Dan was beaming as he watched Bella. This girl was magnificent and he knew to be grateful. She was beautiful, sexy, young, ambitious and intelligent. She had her shit together. He knew it would hurt when she moved to Houston and that he would miss her. However, he knew Bella needed to strike out on her own to continue to travel her own path. A different time and a different place and perhaps the story would be different.

Dan couldn't help but remember the night before. He told Bella to bring her cap and gown with her so she could model it for him. Over three year period they had been together Bella had created an almost innumerable amount of sexual memories for him. What they had done last night was certainly ranking near the top of the list.

Chapter Three

Bella arrived at Dan's home in Westlake right on time, as she always did, carefully carrying her cap and gown. Dan wasted no time and instructed his Hispanic young beauty to change into nothing more than her cap and gown and the rockin' pair of heels she was wearing.

She floated back in the room in her burnt orange graduation attire. "Well, what do you think daddy," Bella purred sexily. Bella stood still in the middle of the living room as Dan slowly circled her. "Well, well, look at our hot little college graduate girl. You even make that outfit erotic," said Dan.

Dan took Bella by the hand and led her to the long polished mahogany dining room table. Bella's tight little coed pussy started tingling because she knew exactly what this meant. Bella bent over the table and placed her palms down flat. She slowly turned her head to look at him over her shoulder, taking care not to dislodge her cap. The tassel floated over one smoky, exotic brown eye. "What do you want? Are you going to do something nasty to me in my college graduation gown?" Bella asked. She spread her legs apart and began to swing her ass back and forth and in circles.

As Dan began to unbuckle his pants Bella bent further over the table and thrust her ass out towards him. "That's it, Bella. Stick up in the air where I can get to it. You know what to do," said Dan. With his suit pants and boxers pooled around his ankles, Dan began to slowly pull Bella's graduation gown up around her waist. He took the head of his cock and slowly rubbed over the soft shapely ass cheeks of the young woman who was eagerly presenting herself to him.

"This is it, Bella. This is your last fucking as a coed. You're a big girl now. All grown up and out of school," said Dan. "My slutty little coed who fucks just like I taught her. This is her last dance, Bella."

Bella squeaked as Dan slid his cock into her tight 23-year-old pussy. He admired her shapely mocha-brown ass as his cock slowly slid in and out of her. "It's your last fucking as a coed. Enjoy it little school girl," said Dan. "Fuck, Bella, you are as wet and tight as the first time I fucked you. Remember that? Remember your first fucking from me?"

"Oh..yes...I remember. Your cock is just as hard. This isn't your last time to fuck your little slutty coed. I'll get you hard again tonight. You know I can. You can't resist me," panted Bella.

"And why is that, Bella? Why can't I resist you," he said whispered.

Bella lifted her head and looked back over her shoulder. "Because you have a taste for hot, young and tight pussy. Because you made me a slut just for you..God, you feel good..made me a slut just the way you like. Fuck me harder..faster...fuck me the way you taught me to take it."

Dan placed his hands on Bella's hips and increased the pace of his thrusts. He loved feeling her little pussy growing wetter as they talked and fucked.

"Our arrangement is almost over. This could be your last fucking..." said Dan, letting it trail off and giving the girl bent over his dining room table a chance to decide.

"I'm not letting you off that easy, Dan. Shit! That's it! Fuck that pussy!...not until you give me my last ass-fucking as a coed," cooed Bella. "Not until you cum inside me, then fuck my ass and make me squirt. Or maybe you want to end it like you started...Oh! Damn your cock rocks my little pussy...hmmmmm? End it like you started it by cumming all over my tits and face? Making a big sticky messy out of me?"

Dan felt the cum starting to travel up from his balls and slowed his pace to enjoy the sensation. "Nooooo...don't stop. I haven't cum in three days. I need it hard and fast," whined the young Latin girl as she began to buck her hips faster along the length of Dan's cock. He stood still and let Bella do the work. Faster and faster she pushed back and forth, humping his cock for all it was worth. "Fuck me in my gown. Fuck me in the gown I'll wear tomorrow. Do it! Make me cum while I wear it! Make it dirty...you know I love it," cried Bella as the first wave of pleasure rolled over her.

Dan closed his eyes as she climaxed on his cock, and remembered how she looked the first time he laid eyes on her as she bagged his groceries at the store. He saw her in the tight fitting red shirt, the khaki shorts and the sunglasses perched on top of her head. He saw the bored, vacant, and somewhat sad expression on her face as she filled his cart.

Dan's orgasm arrived in the middle of these thoughts and his mind went blank as the first shot of cum filled Bella's eager willing pussy. As he gave himself over to it he heard Bella urging him on..."fuck me, Daddy. Fuck your little school girl. Yeah...yeah...fuck your sugarbaby like the slut in heat your taught her to be..cum inside me Daddy 'cause I'm a good girl."

Bella stood up after Dan's cock slipped out of her wet, cum-filled pussy. She turned to face him and looked him directly in the eyes. "Ok, yes, this is our last time to fuck with me as a coed. So let's fucking rock it out tonight.

"But if you think I'm done with you, with us, with the sex. Well, you have some very bad information. As I said that first night, I'd fuck regardless of any arrangement. And I always will."