 She stood staring at the man walking towards her... he was tall and sexy, broad shouldered with long legs. Those intense wicked eyes of his bored into her very soul... She could feel her face turn slightly pink as her thoughts were quite provocative and more than a little naughty. Her legs felt too exposed... her breasts a little too large... her hips perhaps too curvy and her round ass maybe just a little too lush. She felt a rush of something within her very soul... this stranger kindled a spark that was buried deeply inside of her... long forgotten... 

His eyes moved over her body, boldly and she could feel herself quiver. He smiled at her as if he could read her erotic mind and this time she looked into his eyes and smiled, feeling naughty and so very provocative. Suddenly her tight skirt felt far too short... revealing more than concealing... Showing off her golden skin and her lovely thighs. Her very sexy Summer top showed off her beautiful globes and her nipples were clearly visible... Tossing her blonde hair over her shoulders she stood almost defiantly looking into his intense eyes... Daring him to make the first move... come to her... kiss her... do something outrageous.

He felt himself harden, his cock growing larger by the minute... he desired her... this beauty with the fiery blue eyes and the body that said take me I was made for love and passion. He could feel his hands clench into fists as he wanted to grab her and kiss those sensual full lips until she begged him to stop. Moving a little closer her chin came up and her eyes were large pools of blue velvet... wide, innocent and alluring. He could sense that she was egging him on... wanting him to come to her... make that first step... should he or shouldn't he? The challenge was on and this stunning blonde had a sensuality that was making his mind spin... 

Daringly she came a step closer to him and the intoxicating scent of her perfume making him want to bury his face in her neck and kiss her exotic soft skin. To nip and lick every precious inch of her body, not leaving a fraction untouched. She licked her full bottom lip and he almost groaned aloud at the open invitation to kiss that beautiful mouth... taking one final step towards him she lifted her fingers to gently trace them over his chiseled masculine face. Moving her hands with a soft caress over each and every feature... He closed his eyes, savoring the delicacy of those fingers on his skin... his cock so very hard and rigid... 

He took her fingers and brought them to his mouth... kissing each delicate tip with tenderness... sucking each one so erotically that she could feel the heat in her pelvic region and her sweet nectar flowing... Almost gasping for air... she closed her eyes. He looked down at her long lashes that rested on her smooth rose colored cheeks and he leaned down to reverently kiss her lovely delicious mouth... The sensual lips opened slightly of their own volition and he took the initiative to draw her closer to his body... Her eyes opened wider, at his firm muscularity and the knowing look in them told him she knew that he wanted her here and now... She pressed her pelvis closer to his... and felt his hardness pulsate against her... she responded in kind and moved her body tighter against his... 

He moaned and she lifted her face for his kiss... he complied readily and she felt herself melt from it's delicious intensity... It was a devouring kiss that was both inquiring and soul searching and she gave back with every fiber of her being... tongues dueling with passion and beauty... There mouths moving over each others, hungrily, greedily... he wanted to drink from her... allow her to quench his mighty thirst. She wanted this man... the one that she felt she had known for an eternity... Her hands moved over his back and she felt the tension in him and she smoothed her palms down over his sexy hard male ass... feeling those male cheeks and wanting to strip every piece of clothing off of him and bite that enticing hard ass with her sharp pretty white teeth... 

Their bodies pressed even closer as the kiss went on endlessly... infinite and so hot that she felt as if she were consumed by the heat that enveloped her from head to toe... His hands on her body had become all consuming and his cock was imprinted into her pelvis. She knew her little lace thong was soaking wet... his hands moving over her supple body had created that sexual havoc to the very core of her womanhood... Those strong beautiful masculine hands that wanted to more than caress... they itched to go inside of her little panties and pull them off of her curvaceous and rounded hips... 

She went to move away and he moved his mouth to her lovely graceful neck and took the tip of his tongue moving it around on her sensitized flesh... she shuddered and pushed herself so tightly against him that she could feel the pulse beating in his very hard erect cock... OMG... she wanted to reach down and unzip his pants and release him and feel his velvety smoothness, as she grasped him in her hand... He groaned into her ear... whispering that he couldn't stand much more... they had to go somewhere and soon... he had to have her body, make wild passionate love to her... 

Pushing softly against his hard chest with her hands... he noticed that her voluptuous breasts were almost totally exposed to him... Looking down he could see them at an amazing vantage point and her nipples were so very firm and beautifully delicious... a perfect coral... kissed by the sun and awaiting his mouth as he suckled them, making her so aroused that her body pushed upwards and her angelic face reflected her passion and enjoyment... He could feel the pre-cum oozing from his cock... He gritted his teeth and grabbed her hand and they moved with haste towards his car in the parking lot down the road... 

They were both oblivious to the stares of the onlookers... the beauty in the short tight skirt and sexy top... with her hair tousled, her beautiful face flushed and sensual. The sexy tall man with a look on his face that spoke volumes... fiercely passionate and moving quickly almost pulling her along with him as he walked with long strides towards his car... Looking down at this sexy blonde he could see her eyes almost glazed over and he wanted to take her now... in front of the crowds of people milling about... Rip the clothing from her hot curvy body and enter her wetness with his throbbing very hard cock... 

She made him feel almost out of his league... he had never felt this way about a woman before with this intensity... He made himself focus as he opened the passenger door to allow her access and as she slid in he caught a glimpse of pure heaven... her thong clinging to her moist pussy, exposing part of her labia as she tried to pull her skirt down... Gritting his teeth once again and his eyes pupils dilated with desire he shut her door and went around to the driver's side and slid in... His long legs stretching out and the material of his pants showing off the hardness of his cock... The engine purred and then roared to life as he put it in gear and drove away... 

She wanted to throw caution to the wind and touch his cock... digging her fingernails into her palms she resisted the urge instead closing her eyes and allowing her mind to reflect on what was going to happen in a short while... She almost jumped out of her skin as she felt his hot hand on her thigh and she opened her eyes very wide to watch his hand slide up and under her mini skirt... Her breathing was labored and she almost held her breath in anticipation of his touch on her overheated flesh... His fingers moved towards her pearl... so moist and plump and she cried out as he touched it... moving his fingers around and over its wetness... He wanted to bring her to orgasm... here and now before they reached their destination. He knew she was almost there as she was whimpering and he could see her beautiful face tense and her tongue moving over her bottom lip to bite it suddenly.

Looking over at his face... she could see the glazed look in his eyes... she wanted to touch him so desperately... had to do it so he could receive as much pleasure as she was experiencing... Her hand moved towards his zipper and she rubbed her fingers over his hardness and he growled deeply in this throat. She felt his fingers working their magic on her clit, knew any minute that she was about to achieve that ultimate "O"... the feeling was so intensely beautiful... Pulling down the zipper she felt his cock in her hand... so hot to the touch and he pulsated with his need... enjoying her soft hands on his jutting hardness... moving over him and sliding her fingers around the very tip.

He was enjoying the sensation she was creating in his loins... his cock was about ready to explode and his concentration was at its lowest levels... He drew his hand away from her hot wet pussy and she almost sighed and he grasped the hand that was touching his hardness and held it still... almost letting up a pent up moan. They were both so ready at this exact moment to fuck each other's brains out... that was the gist of it... right now it was about raw heated sex... enjoying the pleasure at hand... no finesse at this point and time... just pure fucking... making love would be for later at the hotel... giving her his all... enjoying every inch of that delectable sensual body of hers... 

Pulling into a road that was abandoned... he drove in about 50 feet or so and turned the ignition off... He turned to look at her and he could smell the musk of her pussy on his hands, so delicious and fragrant... He moved the seat back and she crawled over the console to reach him... her skirt almost up to her waist... she had taken off her wet thong and her beautiful ass was bared to his gaze, her honey pot glistening with her juices as she crawled on top of his cock... his pants were half way down over his legs and she was rubbing her wetness all over his extremely hard cock... He was moaning in his need for her... her breasts were free, those delicious round globes ready to be held her coral nipples hardened little pebbles... 

Leaving one hand one her lovely rounded ass... he moved closer to her anus to circle around it with his fingertips... and down under to feel her labia and the sweet nectar that was in abundance. He was kissing her with such hunger wanting to devour those sensual beautiful lips... ramming his tongue into her mouth she sucked on it and drove him further towards the brink... Her nipples were against his chest and he wanted to suckle them... greedily... until she was begging him to either fuck her or never stop... 

She moved and shifted around a little and his fingers were able to access her vagina; her ass was pressing into the stirring wheel and she wanted to start to ride his cock... she was desperate for him to go inside of her... He moved his fingers from her velvety heat and complied... his cock slowly entering her tightness... she felt so damn hot... OMG... she was so tight and delicious... and he went fully inside and she called out as he buried himself to the hilt... He felt her vaginal muscles contract around him like a hot amazing sheath... 

His breathing was labored and he felt as if he was losing control... It wasn't going to be long before he exploded deeply inside of her... She was riding him hard... like a wild mare... she moved up and down with such beauty and grace... her beautiful shapely breasts bouncing, her hard nipples were in his face and he licked and suckled them... She cried out in her joy as she was about to reach that pinnacle... the white heat... that beautiful sensation that was making her spiral out of control... He sucked her nipples one at a time... back and forth and she almost screamed his name as she started to cum... bouncing harder and he exploded inside of her... at the exact moment of her release... Their vocals almost in unison as they cried out each other's names... over and over with the beauty and ecstasy of that incredible moment... 

She relaxed against him... still feeling his hardness inside of her pulsating and her muscles contracted around him once again... enjoying him buried deeply inside of her... Kissing him once again... she moved her tongue around his mouth with such delicacy he almost gasped with the sensation that she creating inside of him... She was a pure amazing bundle of erotic energy... her body was incredibly sexy and designed purely for his pleasure... every curve made for his hands... her pussy tight beyond belief... and a receptacle for his very passionate need for her... He knew would want her time and time again... but it was more than that... burying his face in her fragrant neck he knew she was an amazing woman, a sensual treasure... beautiful beyond belief...