 Hayden Chan was anxious as he was about to enter a Hari Raya Eidilfitri celebration for the first time after six long years. He was invited by an old friend, Adam, to come over and catch up just for old time's sake. Adam assured him that everything was going to be fine but it was going to take more than words to help Hayden ease up.

Upon entering Adam's house, everyone gave Hayden a short glance but welcomed him anyway. Hayden took time to get comfortable but soon enough, his heart got back to pounding hard when he was being greeted by Adam's mother Haziyah. Haziyah was the sexiest woman Hayden had ever laid his eyes upon; tall, tanned, broad shoulders and long legs with a busty 38DD breast and an oversized protruding butt. Her face was flawless; high cheekbones, nicely-shaped nose, big round eyes and well-balanced lips. Her hair retained its texture. It was neither too straight nor too curly, just the right volume of wave. At 45 years old, Haziyah was a jaw-dropping Malay MILF.

"Hayden? Is that you? Oh dear God, I've missed you!" Haziyah gave Hayden a full, warm embrace. Hayden reciprocated. He felt her full breasts rub against him. It was almost as if she wanted Hayden to feel those soft pigeons.

Hayden, Adam and Haziyah then sat down at the dining table to have their meal. "How long has it been, Six years?" Felt like a only few months," Hayden expressed as he was indulging himself in the food that Adam's relatives had prepared. He had not tasted food this good for as long as he could remember.

While the three of them were enjoying their meal, Hayden could not stop himself from stealing glances at Haziyah. How could she be so hot at 45? While Adam was oblivious to Hayden checking out his mom, Haziyah was well aware that her son's friend could not control his gaze. The feeling was mutual for her as well; Hayden was a young cutie. Besides, a younger guy checking her out was a total compliment for her.

"So Hayden, do you have a girlfriend?" Haziyah to start flirting with Hayden

"No, been single since like forever," Hayden was glad she asked.

"Huh? I don't believe you. Such a young handsome man like you without a lover until now? Don't lie to me!" Haziyah continued.

"Well, I wasn't always like this. Besides, ladies my age go for more than just looks. Intelligence, Charisma, money...you get the idea," Hayden kept his cool, as he did not want his lust for Haziyah to surface.

"Well, if I was twenty years younger, I'd definitely ask YOU out on a date," Haziyah was clearly pushing it.

"Mom, control yourself!" Adam wanted his mother to keep her boundaries but at the same time tried not to sound uptight.

"Sorry, dear," Haziyah apologized.

While she stopped flirting with Hayden, they spent the rest of the meal exchanging naughty stares without catching the attention with Adam. After the meal, Haziyah went to the kitchen to do the dishes while Adam was catching up with his cousins. Hayden decided to get himself some orange soda. As he was pouring the soda onto his cup, he stared at Haziyah's fat ass as she was washing the plates. Haziyah noticed and decided to respond by giving an even better show. She started to protrude her ass outward toward him. There was no reason for Hayden to turn away now, so he took a seat. His dick was hard. As he was slowly sipping on his soda and staring at the ass of his friends' mom, Haziyah started to slowly swirl it in an anticlockwise motion, completely hypnotizing him.

The two left the kitchen after they were done with whatever they are doing and acted as if nothing happened. Then suddenly one of Haziyah distant relatives wanted to take a picture of her in her pretty green baju kurung. At first, she took a few pictures with her sons, siblings, nephews and nieces. Finally, she called Hayden. During their photo taking, she locked arms and gave hugs in her pictures with him.

"Is she giving me signs or is his all just innocent flirting?" Hayden thought to himself.

Hayden decided to take the risk and send Haziyah a sign of his own. While the cameraman was about to take the third picture of the two of them, Hayden moved his right hand from Haziyah's right shoulder to her ass cheek and gave it a squeeze. Haziyah was startled but Hayden grew bolder. He began to rub his hand on her as in a circular motion. She was uncomfortable at first but slowly, she started to give in. She put her hands on her hips and bucked her butt to the left towards Hayden's crotch for their final photo. After they were done with the photo taking, Haziyah quietly whispered into Hayden's ear, "Meet me in my room dear, we continue from there."

Hayden went inside the bedroom first, while Haziyah waited a while before entering and locking the door to prevent anyone suspecting the two of them doing anything funny. Once the bedroom door is locked, Hayden and Haziyah started making out like teenagers. Hayden was a bit insecure. How could a 23 year old who has had no experience in sex impress an older woman like Haziyah? But on second thought, fuck it. They were at this phase now; Hayden took a more aggressive approach and pushed Haziyah to the wall while indulging in their passionate kisses.

"You're really thirsty Hayden," Haziyah gave a remark in between their kisses.

"All those years of being a virgin and two years in the army. I'm frustrated as fuck,"" Hayden confessed.

"What do you want to do about it?" Haziyah asked, panting.

"I'm going to claim my prize," Hayden pulled Haziyah even closer to him and completed his answer with, "And you're going to satisfy all of my cravings, Ma'am!"

Haziyah purred, "Just call me Haziyah, Baby."

The two of them continued for a few minutes until Hayden attempted to remove Haziyah's green blouse. He hesitantly reached his fingers for the buttons at her neck. Haziyah assured him, "No reason to be afraid dear," then she unbuttoned the neck and removed her blouse. Hayden made the next move and tried to remove her skirt but did it slowly. The two of them were just gazing at each other as Hayden took his time to pull the skirt zipper down. Finally, her long skirt fell off. Now, Haziyah was wearing only her black bra and panties with her large hoop earrings and gold bracelet on her left wrist.

Hayden's heart was pounding. It was his first time ever and he has absolutely no idea how to handle such a motherly angel. He played it safe by continuing to kiss Haziyah. No reason to rush. Haziyah's right hand reached for Hayden's bulge at this crotch and gave it a few tugs.

Hayden tried foreplay. He put both of his hands on Haziyah's breasts and started rubbing those big orbs slowly. Haziyah took her left hand and put it over Hayden's palm. 

"Yes Hayden, that's it. Hmm...why don't you play with my panties?" Haziyah suggested. Hayden put one hand on Haziyah's panties and started rubbing the material covering her cunt. Haziyah moaned in pleasure. Hayden used his index finger to slightly pull her panties forwards before letting it go, making a snap sound as the panties hit back onto her lower naval.

"Take em off, Hayden. Make me naked," Haziyah instructed. Hayden reached to her back and took his time to find a way to unbutton the back of her bra. Haziyah was very patient with him; she did not mind waiting for him. It was his first time anyway. After all, even though they were lusting for each other at that point, Hayden will always be Haziyah's cute little boy she used to make innocent jokes with when he was just 11 years old. After Hayden had successfully removed her bra, he threw it on the floor. Haziyah's mature breasts were revealed in their full glory. They were round with big, dark brown nipples in the center. Hayden then pulled off Haziyah's panties. She lifted her long legs to make it easier for Hayden. Finally, those too were on the floor.

Haziyah had a thick, hairy pussy. This turned Hayden on even more. His heart was pumping uncontrollably at the sight of his lover's nudity. "Now, how about I return the favor?" Haziyah undressed Hayden's blue top and pants followed by his boxer shorts. Seven and half inch of cock stood out of his black bush as it was dripping with precum.

"Oh my, it's beautiful!" Haziyah was thirsty, all those years without sex and being lonely after her divorce, she was convinced that the cock of this young boy was all she ever wanted.

Haziyah stroked Hayden's hard cock while he rubbed her hairy cunt which was dripping with her honey. She used her other hand to guide his fingers onto her clit. Once he found it, he made full use of it. "Oh...Hayden baby, ohh...mmm...," Haziyah was on cloud nine as Hayden played with her sweet spot, "that's right Hayden, keep rubbing my pussy, keep rubbing my wet pussy."

She could not take it any longer; Haziyah wanted to fuck Hayden. "Hayden baby, I want your cock. Right fucking now," Hayden's dick got even harder hearing his friend's mother curse for the first time. He steadily mounted the tip of his cock at her opening between those dark, curly hairs. As aroused as he was, he was also uncertain. What if he entered the wrong hole? But she told him not to worry as she pushed her hips towards his direction. Hayden was in a total trance. Everybody's first sex has a special place in their memory and the fact that his virginity was being taken by one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen made it even more mind blowing.

Hayden started bucking his hips to meet Haziyah's thrusts while she pulls his head to hers and started kissing. "Oh Hayden, yes yes, fuck my pussy, fuck my pussy ngh..." Haziyah moaned.

"Haziyah, I've been dreaming of this day. You, me, in your house. Fucking," Hayden said between their thrusts.

"Hmph..To think you were once...a...hmph...a wimpy...ugh...whiny...little...nerd...now you're the one fucking me," Haziyah let out a view of him she did not tell him all this while.

"Hayden thrusted faster and harder, "Is that all I ever was to you back then? Ugh...*pant*...A...*pant*...loser?"

"No, you're still my...*pant* dear darling. I put...ugh...all my faith...hmm...in you. All those...hng...time when you were in the...*pant*...army, I was just thinking about you when I masturbate...hoping you would...uhh...come back...*pant*...to fuck me," Haziyah let out another confession.

Suddenly, someone started knocking on the door. Oh shit, Haziyah thought. She tried to pull away, suggesting to Hayden to stop whatever they were doing. But Hayden forcefully pulled her back, "No, leave it. We finish this." Wow, he's finally taking control; Haziyah was impressed and so turned on, she complied. The two of them kept thrusting. as the knocking got louder, their fucking got more intense. 

Hayden was ready to ejaculate; his balls tightened and expanded. "Alright...I'm going to cum."

Hayden started to pull but Haziyah pulled him back in this time, "No, cum inside me, lover."

Finally, the both of them cum at the same time. Hayden shot all of his seed inside Haziyah's hot oven while Haziyah's own honey was mixing with Hayden's essence. They were in total bliss. However, they could not ignore the fact that someone is just waiting to enter the room.

Both of them quickly got dressed. Hayden did as he was told. As Haziyah opened the door it was her cousin. She apologised to her and went outside. Soon enough, Hayden too went out to join Adam, enjoying the Kueh and what other Malay snacks he could nibble on as he was chatting with his old friend.

Hayden stayed over for an hour more before deciding to go out and spend the rest of the evening watching a movie or going to a LAN shop. He gave his respects to the elders of the house but before he left, Haziyah stopped him for a moment. She gave one last hug. She then handed him a green packet. Strange, it was unusually bulky. "Selamat Hari Raya, baby," she gave him a naughty wink before he left. 

Hayden checked the contents of the green packet when he was in the bus to town. It was a hundred dollar note and a pair of black panties. It was the same panties that he pulled off of Haziyah earlier. That day was definitely the best day of Hayden's life.