 It was a sultry night in Virginia. The cicadas were making their own special brand of music while the fireflies glittered. The stars were bright and went on to infinity while the orange tinted moon hung low in the sky. It was definitely a night for love…or at least hot steamy sex! We had agreed to meet at our usual place, a piece of property he owned in the country that has a nice little cottage he had fashioned just for us. 

I had gotten there ahead of him and could feel myself getting wet just thinking of the things we would soon be doing to and with each other. It wasn't long before I saw his headlights coming through the trees and heard the music on the radio over the engine noises. I greeted him at the truck door. 

"Don't cut off that song," I told him, "dance with me in the moon light." 

He seemed more then willing as he threw the truck in park, turned the ignition to auxiliary, jumped down, and took me in his arms. "You look beautiful tonight, "he whispered in my ear as he held me close and found the rhythm of the slow music. 

I had one hand on his shoulder and one around his hip so I could cup his butt cheek in my hand. I stepped between his legs, so that I was straddling one of his and my pelvis was slowly grinding his thigh to the slow beat of the music. I could feel his hot breath on my neck and his strong arms around me as he stepped and turned me slowly. We were so close that I could feel his heartbeat or was it the beat of the bass drum in the song or my own hurried pulses? 

Closing my eyes and letting all the sounds and sensations take me, I let my head fall back and his strong arms guide me. He was rolling me in a dirty slow dance, supporting my back while we were almost glued together where my pelvis met his leg. As I turned and rolled, the outside of my thigh would nudge his hardness through the fabric of his tight jeans. It was a live beast barely under control, throbbing and growing as the song went on. His hands slipped down a bit, cupping my buttocks, allowing my shoulders to fall further back, my hair was swinging in the gently breeze that had started to ripple in and out of the trees surrounding us. 

My whole body was full of sensations and I was indulging each and everyone if them. His lips touched my chest in a little wet kisses above my cleavage line and the hair on his head tickled my chin. Then he was dragging his tongue over and across each mound, almost worshipping them. My panties were getting wetter with this new added sensation and my stomach felt that butterflies were also taking flight in there. My God, I thought, we have been lovers for so many years and this man can still make me weak in the knees and I become putty in his hands. 

The song ended but he did not release me, but kept kissing and licking around my chest and neck. The night air was fast cooling where his hot tongue had been sending tingles radiating to my core. A slower song came on the radio and he slowed but didn't miss a beat. I was so lost in the erotic sensations and the music pounding in my soul that I hadn't noticed where he had maneuvered me until he abruptly took my arm and pulled me up the steps of the cottage. 

I was still in a euphoric daze but stumbled along behind him as he steadied me. He flung open the door and started undressing me before it could swing back on its hinges. The icy air from inside the air conditioned room almost brought a chill to my body. He had pulled my top over my head already and dropping to his knees was already suckling one of my fast hardening nipples into his steamy mouth. I had worn a shear light bra and there wasn't but a scrap of material between his seeking mouth and my hard nub. 

When he shifted and took my other nipple into his mouth, the cool air, hitting the wetness left behind, made me feel like an ice cube had grazed me after a lava bath. My knees actually felt weak but his arm around my back supported me and his other hand massaged my full breast while he continued to suckle. Little moans of pleasure were all I could manage as my breasts were manipulated in turn, suckled, licked, and nibbled. The heat from his mouth and then the cool air were such extremes to my barely covered flesh. 

I finally got my bearings as my eyes became accustomed to the darkness about me and leaned back onto the back of the couch for more support. By this time his mouth had started leaving a hot trail of licks and nibbles down my tummy. I arched my back, still bracing with my shoulders and ran my fingers through his hair, while his tongue swirled in and out of my belly button. 

"Oh God," I gasped, as his hands pushed my short skirt up and his broad tongue started lapping at my crack through my already dampened panties. 

I opened my legs wider allowing him better access to my wet pussy. My vaginal walls were already contracting and convulsing in anticipation of being filled and my hips, having a mind of their own, were starting to buck up to meet his heat seeking tongue. His hands had slid down and were now cupping my buttocks, pulling my center to meet his hungry mouth. His teeth were nibbling, and then his mouth was pulling, and sucking my nether lips. 

Finally, his hands pulled my panties around my ankles. He then gently parted my lips wider before quickly burying his face back in my wet crack. His tongue darted in and out of my grasping hot hole, slowly at first, then faster. Every so often he would suck my hard clit into this mouth and flick his tongue over and around it. Just as I felt my insides start to boil in the beginnings of an orgasm he would drag his tongue the length of my crack, from asshole to clit and start the slow tease all over again, sucking and nibbling my lips, and lapping away. My juices were flowing pretty heavily now, lubricating a path for his tongue and lips as they blazed a trail of sparks, that were exploding internally. All I could do at this point was pant and clutch his head as he ministered to my wanton needs and desires. I was so on the edge of an orgasm by this point that all he had to do was flick my clit one more time and I would be drowning his mouth with cum. But he was in a teasing mood and was lavishing his tongue everywhere but there, no matter how hard I bucked my hips up to his mouth. 

I knew what he wanted and I had to give it to him in order to get my release. This had been the course of our relationship over the years. I had to ask for what I wanted or he would continue to torment and tease me unmercifully until he decided to gift me with an orgasm. Sometimes this was a contest of wills, but it sure kept our relationship fresh and on the edge. Each of us tried to out do the other in giving erotic pleasure. 

I could have held out longer if I was in a more comfortable position, but my legs were weakening and I had to move or fall out from the shear pleasure of it all. His tongue was lapping at my dripping cunt, only grazing my clit enough to keep me on the edge. My insides and leg muscles were screaming for release. Lightening shot through me as his tongue rolled my clit for just a fleeting second and my knees almost buckled. He clutched my buttocks tighter, pulling me away further from my leaning perch, making my back arch to the max. All I could do was moan in pleasure, pain, and wanting. 

"OK…OK," I finally panted, "Make me cum paaaaaaaleeeeeezzzzzzz."

The words were no sooner out of my mouth when his mouth clamped down on my clit, sucking and tongue flicking harder and faster. 

The sounds of his slurping and sucking were drowned out by my final gasp and loud, "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh," as I went over the edge into an explosive orgasm. As my vaginal walls started convulsing, heat radiated from my core outward and then back washed my upper torso with chill bumps. My knees buckled and I lost my precarious perch on the back of the couch where I had been leaning. I slid down and landed in a crumpled heap, with my legs still spread. He never lost a tongue stroke as he followed me down, still clutching my butt cheeks, while pulling me up to meet his still ravenous mouth all in one movement. 

My over sensitive clit was swelling and throbbing now, and I was trying to back peddle a bit to take some of the pressure off, but couldn't seem to get a good enough purchase to do any good. My clit felt like it had a thousand little explosions going off at once. It was starting to get painful.

My neck was crumpled against the couch back and my elbows were bent and under me taking my upper torso's weight on them. I looked up and saw the top of his head buried in my crotch.

"Stop," I wailed and started to flail my legs, trying to get his attention. 

He finally looked up and met my eyes with his, broke his lip lock on my ultra sensitive clit, and smiled down at me with his glaze covered face. 

"Had enough, huh," he purred, as he wiped some of my juices off his mouth onto my inner thigh.

"Yeah, I think so," I panted, while still trying to get myself out of the bind I seemed to have landed in.

"Well, I don't think so," he replied, and flipped me over and rolled me away from the couch all in one smooth move. 

I landed on my stomach, expelling a lung full of air, and before I could get my bearings, his hands went around my waist, pulling me to my hands and knees. He pushed my skirt well up past my hips, and a blast of cool air hit my wet pussy and butt cheeks as the heat pump kicked back on again. I seemed to be straddling a vent in the floor. It was a strange feeling as the cold air hit my most vulnerable, wet, and hot places. I could hear him unzipping his jeans and pulling them down. 

"Brrrrrrrrrrrrr," I shivered and tried to move.

"Oh noooo you don't," he quickly responded and pulled me back into the position he seemed to want me in. 

"I am not finished with you yet," and he proceeded to quickly reach under and between my legs and I could feel his hardness probing at my wet slit as he guided his cock to my cunt lips. 

One second he was sliding his cock up and down my pussy, and the next he was pushing it in slowly until his balls lightly tickled the back of my thighs. After impaling me with his hard shaft, he stopped and let me get used to the full feeling for a minute or so. I know he was enjoying my vaginal walls, squeezing and contracting around his cock, too. 

I was deliberately milking him as hard as my muscles allow me. Hearing his soft moan, only encouraged me to tighten down harder, release, and tighten down yet again. I was concentrating on making my muscles work him good, when I felt the flat of his hand come in contact with my ass cheek. I was so startled I bucked forward a bit, causing him to slide partially out of me. He just shoved back into me even deeper and with force this time. He clutched my hip with one strong hand and smacked my butt cheek with his other hand, again. This time when I bucked forward a little, he was ready for me and let his cock slide out about half way before slamming back into me even harder then the last time. This went on for several frenzied minutes. Each smack caused me to buck forward, and then he would ram his hard cock back in to the hilt. He seemed to have a rhythm going and I was cooperating as best I could under the circumstances. One good thing, my ass didn't seem to be cold any more but was warming up quickly as he landed smack after smack on my butt cheeks. 

It wasn't long before he was pumping into me like a jack hammer. I tried looking at him over my shoulder but with all the jiggling I was doing it wasn't practical to even try. My boobs were hanging and bouncing under me, my ass was taking a hard spanking, and my cunt was being invaded deep and hard. I could hear the slap of his hand as it met my heated back side and the squishy wet sounds as his cock entered me and then slid almost out. 

He shoved deep into me one more time and stopped, reached around, and rubbed my clit in a circular motion with his finger. That was all it took to send me into another powerful orgasm. As my pussy was convulsing, he pumped in and out a couple more times, before his balls emptied a load of sperm deep inside of me. I could feel each spurt of his hot cum as it started filling me up. I almost screamed as he pulled out not wanting it to end. Then I could feel hot drops raining down on my cheeks and knew he was stroking his cock to empty his remaining drops of cum on my ass. 

He slowly took the head of his cock and rubbed the droplets around and up and down my butt crack, before slapping my still tender cheeks with his cock a few times. 

I giggled and looked over my shoulder seeing his smile and mischievous eyes looking down at me.

He waggled his cock in hand at me and laughed, too, a nice deep laugh that was filled with true joy and pleasure. 

If you are a good girl, he told me, "I might let you suck this a bit, to see if there is anything left," and he shook his cock at me.

I quickly turned around, pushed him over, snatched his shrinking cock, placed my lips around it and started sucking hard. 

"Good grief, woman," he yelled, "don't suck so hard." 

I broke my lip lock on his cock, and licked my lips, to show my appreciation of the last drop he had to offer me.

I smiled sweetly down at him and said, "Can we take our clothes off and make it to the bed before we start round 3?"

I felt his cock jump and start to harden in my hand, wondered if we would make it to the bed, before I took him in my mouth again.