 I didn't see Sully for a while after that night. For a while there I hung out in Brooklyn and an old friend introduced me to Joe Pepitone, the former Yankee first baseman. Peppi had just returned from Japan where he'd played for three years. But he told me the Japanese were too set in their ways for him. He was always a little wacky, so my guess was that they didn't know what to make of him. Anyway he jumped the Yakult Sparrows in 1973. He was only hitting .163 at the time and that alone explains a lot. But he attracted cooze like nobody's business, and I had a great time palling around with him. When I saw he was getting in with the wrong crowd I kinda drifted away back to Jersey. It turned out I was wrong about that, but we never hooked up again. 

Anyway, this is about Sully and me, so . . . the next time I saw Sully was late May. He set me up with my tux and the time schedules for the pictures and all that shit and we went for our last get together before the wedding. This wasn't his bachelor party--that came two nights later-- it was kinda tame, especially for Jack. I mean, we saw to it that he got a blowjob from a Union City hooker, but it wasn't the wild scene I thought it would be. Shit, I went home sober and alone.

Anyway, I was trying to find out what my prospects were for getting laid after his wedding. 

"Don't count on me and Shelly," he said somberly.

"Are you kidding?"

"I'm serious, what happened, happened. But we're getting married and I don't want you fucking my wife."

"Sure, Jack. That's fine with me. I won't do anything to fuck up your marriage. There are just too many broads around for me to be chasing after Shelly. Not that she's unattractive or nothing like that. Understand?"

"Right. Lemme tell ya somethin,'" he said, slurring his words a little. This wedding is gonna set me up for life."

"You telling me Shelly's rich?"

"No, no, nothing like that. My old man."

"What about him?"

"He's gonna give me ten or fifteen grand to buy a business."

"Hell! That's great news, Jack. Anything in mind?"

"Sure," he said and glanced around to see if anyone was eavesdropping. He lowered his voice and said, "An ice cream parlor in Kearny."

"An ice cream parlor?"

He grinned and took a swallow from his drink. "Yeah. One block from Sister Theresa's Academy."

"The all girls Catholic School, right?"

"That's the one. All that pussy coming and going all day long. I saw 'em. Couldn't believe how many popped in and out of there while I was checking the business out."

"How you find out about the place?"

"My old man."

"Yeah?"

"He knows the owner. They go way back. Guy's got cancer. Wants to unload at a fair price and if word gets out the buyers will lowball him. My father didn't want that. He asked him how much he needed and told me I could have the dough if I wanted a business of my own."

"Sully, I always said you were one lucky bastard. Congratulations again. First you find a great girl, now you got a head start in life too." I put my arm around his shoulder and even kissed him on the head. Then we got roaring drunk. 

***

It was a typical wedding. Two hundred or more guests, most from Sully's side. I learned that Shelly had a very small family and that only a few of her friends were making the trip from Philly to Jersey City. As best man, I was to be paired up with Tracy, the Maid of Honor. I wasn't getting laid there. She was engaged and her boyfriend was going to be there. 

Now I had banged Sully's kid sister Megan a couple years before, but between college and my baseball career it went nowhere. She was 21 now and probably in her last year of college. I figured all that time would make a big difference and besides, the family would be there. Nope, I eliminated her as a sex partner for the big night. 

There were other bridesmaids that I hadn't met and of course the wedding guests would have several candidates so all in all, I was looking forward to having a good time and getting laid too.

After meeting the bridesmaids, a boffo breasted redhead named Maureen Connolly from Philadelphia, actually, Allentown, became my target. Red haired and fair skinned, with just enough cleavage showing in her gown to produce a nifty bulge in my pleated trousers. And, I detected an interest on her part, catching her sneaking glances my way at dinner the night before the wedding. But, I played it cool and continued checking out the other female guests.

***

Well, the wedding was a big success, going off without a hitch. Sully's sister Megan surprised me in that she'd grown more beautiful as she matured. She gave me a light kiss after the wedding as we waited to have our pictures taken, but then seemed to avoid me. I didn't notice her attached to any particular guy so I kept an eye on her. Then, at the reception we danced and . . . but I'm getting ahead of myself. 

The reception had just barely started when my Sully's mother leaned over my shoulder. "James, it's so good to see you again."

"Thank you Mrs. Sullivan.

"Please, call me Cathy, we're all adults now."

Okay. Cathy it is. You look lovely."

"Now it's my turn to thank you. I must admit it is nice for such an old woman like me to receive a complement from a young man."

Her rather full breast pressed into my shoulder instantly reviving my adolescent lust for her body. I grinned at her as I recalled the many times I'd jerked off thinking about her.

"Oh, come on Mrs. Sullivan, err, Cathy, you're one of the best looking women here." I was serious. In her early forties she still looked good.

"Go on with you," she said, obviously pleased with my mild flirtation. "Now how is it that you haven't found yourself a beauty and settled down?"

"Putting me on the spot, eh?"

"No! It's just that . . . from my view, you're a fine catch and many girls should be trying to get you to ask the big question."

"Well, I'm not gay," I said needlessly.

Embarrassed, Mrs. Sullivan put some space between us and said, "Why, I never intended to . . . James, I've never thought that of you."

I laughed. "Only teasing Mrs. Sullivan, err, Cathy. I'm just . . ." 

I thought better of what I was about to say and shifted gears. "I'm still chasing the girls. Haven't given much thought to settling down yet."

"I understand," she said. There must be plenty of them after you though," she said kind of wistfully, I thought.

"That's the truth."

"And," her breast was back, pressing its weight against me. "Is there anyone special here this evening?"

"No, but I'm Irish and it's a party. I'll find a female companion for the evening, I'm sure."

Mrs. Sullivan leaned forward and kissed me then, trying for my mouth, but only catching my cheek. I excused myself from the table before she could continue and went to the open bar and requested a scotch and water. As I sipped the drink I watched the couples on the dance floor. 

Shelly and Jack were dancing slowly, cheek-to-cheek. I watched them for a moment and finally was forced to admit that I was more than a little jealous. They made a very attractive couple. I was asking myself when the hell I was going to settle down when a soft feminine voice whispered in my ear, "So when are you getting married?" 

I squeezed my glass tightly and turned to see who it was. Maureen's brilliantly red hair framed her freckled face.

"Maureen," she said with a big smile.

"Oh, I know who you are. I'm wondering why you posed the question."

She laughed and it had a very likeable lilt to it. "I'm sorry," she said feigning a rueful expression. "I overheard Mrs. Sullivan giving you the 'why aren't you married yet' routine.'"

It was my turn to laugh. I put my drink down and said, "Would you like to dance, or might I get you a drink?"

Her green eyes sparkled. "A drink would be great. We can dance later, okay?"

"Certainly. Be right back. Oh, champagne?"

Her tongue licked her lips for a moment before she replied. "The bubbly, by all means."

I 'borrowed' a bottle of Brut from the bar and we sat down and listened to the band. I refilled her glass several times, managing to empty mine a couple times too. There were more people dancing than sitting and when Maureen moved her chair closer my dick began to swell. When she casually draped her hand over my leg it became fully erect.

"Don't ask me to get you another glass," I murmured into her ear.

"Well, why not? I haven't had that much and this is a party."

"I guess it's the proximity of being next to a ravishing redhead, or maybe it's your hand . . . but I've got a woody that won't quit."

Her cheeks turned red. Then the most lascivious smile I had ever seen broke out across her face.

"Wanna dance?" She said, her voice was low and husky. Translated it sounded like she'd said, "Wanna fuck?"

I took a lingering peek down the front of her dress.

"They're all mine."

"I can see that."

Her hand brushed over my hardon. "And that's all you too," she stated matter-of-factly.

"Nothing fake about us," I said with difficulty, for my throat was dry.

Just then, the band began to play a slow ballad. We moved in tandem to the dance floor and I took her into my arms. Maureen reached up and placed her hands around my neck, mine followed her lead and lightly gripped her waist. When her belly pressed against me I moaned softly and dropped my hands to just below her hips. A moment later, they were comfortably squeezing her ass as she ground her pelvis into my erection. 

Maureen leaned her head against my chest and as I inhaled the dizzying fragrance of her hair, she lifted her head and nipped my earlobe. I pulled her tighter and heard her sigh. Oh, she felt good, pressing her chest against mine, and when my leg went between hers she gave an extra hump by minutely thrusting her pussy into me. I was on cloud nine.

There was no doubt Maureen couldn't feel my dick jabbing her. And then the music stopped and we had no choice but to return to our seats. Maureen declined my offer of another drink, but I needed one, actually two.

"Would you like to go somewhere?" I asked lamely.

"Now?" she replied.

"Well . . ."

"No. Oh, it's not you James, it's . . . all those people watching us."

I wondered had she gone shy all of a sudden? After all, she made more moves on me than I had on her. Then things became clearer.

She blushed, and said, "You're going to think I'm crazy."

"No, no." I said quickly.

"Well . . . perhaps you can help."

"It would be my pleasure." 

Her blush turned even deeper, almost matching her hair.

"Oh, you . . . stop that!"

"I haven't started anything," I protested.

"You know, " she said as if I did know.

"Okay, how can I help you?"

Before answering she peeked around and surveyed the room. No one was looking. "I need some help with my zipper. It's stuck."

"Where?"

She turned and indicated her back. Sure enough the zipper was open, but not so much as to cause a great deal of embarrassment. And it occurred to me that women usually went to the ladies room in pairs to resolve problems of this nature. She had to be scheming to get me alone for another reason and relief flooded over me. I knew what it was.

"Let me see," and I moved closer. 

"Not here, silly! Everyone can see us. Let me go first then you follow, okay?"

"Sure."

Maureen got up and walked out of the reception area. When she turned the corner I followed at a discreet distance. 

"Psssst! Come this way, over here," she said. She was standing inside the door to the maintenance closet, not the rest room as I had thought. Tugging my arm, she drew me inside. I found the light switch and closed the door behind me.

Damned if she hadn't scouted the place out. There was a chair against the wall, some brooms and a mop and pail. That left plenty of room for us. 

"Why don't you sit down James."

I sat down. She turned and faced away from me, then sat on my lap. She split her legs, putting my outstretched legs between hers. 

"It's the zipper. I can't seem to get it down." She bent forward and put both her hands on the inside of my thighs as if for support. I felt her pelvic bone rubbing against me.

"Oh!"

"Something wrong?"

"No. Would you see if you can get it?"

"Sure, sure," I managed to mumble. I put my fingers on the little metal tab and pulled. The zipper unzipped cleanly right to the top of her ass without snagging once.

"Hmmmmm," I said quietly.

"That's unbelievable," she said, notwithstanding that I'd zipped in the wrong direction. 

"Ummmmm."

"No," she said, "I've had such trouble with it. You wouldn't believe."

"Well these things happen, Maureen, sometimes . . ."

"Kiss me," she whispered, turning and kissing me hard on the mouth. I pulled her against me, hungrily responding. My dick was straining for release. I pressed it against her and began rubbing it against her thigh. She gasped and pulled off my tuxedo jacket. My hands moved to her thighs and she parted her legs giving me access.

I kissed her ears and her neck, nibbling down her throat, biting at the pulse in her neck. She leaned back and groaned, thrusting her chin up in the air. I kissed back to her lips and slid my tongue into her mouth as she pulled my shirt out of my pants and began to open it up.

"I know, I know," I said, as her fist clenched my cock and slowly jerked me up and down.

She released me and stood up, slightly hunched over and reached between her legs for the zipper of my pants. She grasped the tab, pulled and it slid smoothly down and my dick popped out. Her clasping fingers found my erection and began jerking me off. 

Maureen wasn't wasting any time. 

"You're so big," she whispered.

"Would you care to kiss it?"

"In a minute okay?" She continued to jerk me off, not rushing mind you, but taking her sweet time.

"Sure, take your time." I wasn't going anywhere. To help pass the time I reached both hands inside the bodice of her gown and snaking them around under her bra and lifted her tits out of their confinement.

"I'd like it if you squeezed them," she said while hoisting her gown up around her waist and pulling her panties aside. "Unfortunately, we don't have much time." 

"Ummm," I managed as she ran her fingers through my hair and began kissing the top of my head. I lifted her up and moved over to the large sink and sat her down.

"Hold on for balance," I whispered.

"Oh, yeah," she gasped. "Hurry! Do me good baby!"

Her white stockings ended about halfway up her thigh, revealing her soft, pale flesh. I kissed her thigh and she moaned with anticipation and put her hands on the back of my head. 

I could smell her sexual readiness. I put my hands on her hips to steady her and began to slowly kiss my way up the inside of her thigh, nibbling and biting, inching higher and higher. My lips tugged at her flesh, my tongue darted and licked. She gasped and I groaned at the beauty of it all. My hand was between her legs tugging her pubic hair, stroking the fat folds of her labia.

She moaned softly. "Oh, yes... oh, yes!" 

"One sec! Wait!" She moaned, and with an acrobatic motion, raised her ass just enough to slip her panties off so they wound up dangling from her right foot.

I couldn't resist the temptation of tasting her and buried my face between her legs. I kissed her thick, swollen labia, then spread her folds with my tongue and licked up and down as if she were an ice cream cone melting on an August afternoon.

"Oh, baby, that feels so gooood!" She groaned loudly.

Using one hand to wrestle with the folds of her gown, I pushed it up so that she could look down and watch. I wanted her to see her legs draped over my shoulders; see my face burrowing between her legs; see my tongue nuzzling in the hot nest below her reddish pubic hair.

"Jesus, James!" She wailed as my tongue began toying with her swollen clit already stiff against the tip of my tongue. I gave her darting, little licks all around it, up the sides, swirling in circles around it. Then I drew it back and forth in slow, languid strokes.

She cried out, arched her back and thrust her hips up. She clasped her hands together on the back of my head and ground my face in her mushy cunt. 

Wrapping my lips around her surprisingly long clit, I began to suck.

"Oh, baby, oh, baby!" She keened. "That's . . . that's soooo nice!"

I continued teasing her and adding to her pleasure until I felt a need to switch to another activity. I saw her cunt partially open, awaiting me and slid my tongue back down between her parted folds and touched the very tip of my tongue to the her entry and left it there.

"Oh, God! I can't stand it!" She groaned.

"Do it!"

"Do what?"

"Eat meeee!

I left my tongue there, savoring the taste of her copious fluids, then swirled it around, just barely inside of her. I could feel the juices running out of her, dribbling down my chin. I licked back up to her clit and then back down again, dragging my tongue up and down between her folds. She tasted so good. I wanted it to last forever. But my cock was crying out to go inside her, screaming for release. I pushed my mouth against her clit again and brought my hand up between her legs. I sent my index finger probing up and down her labia as I sucked her clit. A high-pitched whining sound came from her throat and I knew she was close to coming.

I drew my finger from her thigh to her vagina before slipping it inside her. Maureen was breathing unbelievably fast and when she gasped as I drew my finger out of her I thought she was going into a convulsion, but continued sucking on her clit. Her moans began to grow louder as the pace of my finger's movement grew faster. I slid a second finger in and she jerked her head forward, slamming into mine. I think we both saw stars for a moment.

"Goddamn!" I exclaimed, my eyes white with pain.

"Oh, my head! My head!" Maureen whooped.

"Are you all right?"

"I think so," she said rubbing her forehead.

"Please . . . I'm soooo close . . ."

"Yes," I said, still wincing, "I'll hurry," and resumed eating her out.

Had we been videotaped, I'm sure my tongue would have been a blur as it flickered lightning-like over her clit. The small room was quiet except for the wet sucking sounds my fingers made sliding in and out of her. 

Maureen leaned back, grabbing fistfuls of my hair for balance. She was shuddering, right at the edge of coming. 

"Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ohhhhh!"

I stopped and pulled my fingers out of her slushy cunt.

"No! Don't stop! Oh, please don't stop!" she pleaded. 

I pushed myself up and kissed her hard on the mouth, letting her taste her own sweet honey. Her nipples stood jutting out at me. I cupped her right breast to my mouth and began sucking on her nipple. 

"Come on, baby. Fuck me!"

"Put it in . . ."

"Please fuck me!"

But I persisted in squeezing her tit and nipping at her tantalizing strawberry tip.

"I can't take it!" She moaned, almost slipping off the maintenance sink but quickly grabbed hold of it with both hands and steadied herself. I took hold of my cock and guided it between her legs, rubbing the tip of it against her clit, smearing my pre-come with her pussy juices. She closed her green eyes and leaned back.

"Put it in, please!"

"Christ I want to feel you inside me!"

The time was right . . . I guided my cock down between her pussy lips and then roughly shoved it all the way inside of her. We both cried out at this entry. She was tight and unbelievably warm and when her vaginal muscles began squeezing me from the get-go, I almost lost it and came.

I resorted to doing the multiplication table as I pumped in and out, while Maureen held onto the sink with both hands, a grimace across her face as she strained to exert her muscles. 

I watched her face with one hand on her hip and the other on a breast, squeezing and fondling it. I loved the expressions she made. I loved the soft, sweet sounds of her voice moaning with pleasure. I looked down and watched my wet, hard cock disappearing and reappearing between her legs. I moved my hand from her hip to her clit, rubbing it with my thumb as my cock reamed her out.
