 Individually her classes, work and personal life were each manageable. But forces seemed to be conspiring against her in recent weeks to drive her crazy.

The personal life was, sadly, suffering the most. Sarah had been single for a few months, but had found little opportunity to get back on the horse as far as men were concerned. She'd had a date or two, a few prospects, but nothing that had led to anything beyond some heavy kissing.

The 22 year old was in her final year of university. While her scholarship paid for tuition and books, she had taken a job doing administrative work for one of the research labs on campus to make some extra fun money. The trouble was, between working and studying, she didn't have a whole lot of Time for fun.

Sarah brushed an errant strand of her shoulder length blonde hair back from her face and tried to tuck it back into her bun as she strode across campus. She worked hard to dress professionally, trying to counterbalance the fact that she was the youngest person in the office and had a lip piercing. While academic labs do tend to be easier going about personal expression, Sarah still felt a need to be taken seriously and not just thought of as some punk kid.

The biggest obstacle to her professionalism was Tom. He was a graduate student, somewhere in his mid-to-late 20s, and somehow made Sarah really nervous. She could easily talk to anyone else in the office or lab, but she got tongue tied around Tom. He was always nice towards her, smiling and saying hello, but Sarah always found an excuse to scurry away and avoid being in the same room with him, especially alone. She was smart enough to realize she was attracted to the slightly older guy, and considering how little action she'd gotten in the past month her body was hungry for a new man in her life. Still, she didn't want the complications that could arise from an office romance, especially a month into her job.

Her avoidance plan was thwarted when their boss had asked Sarah to help put together a large research grant renewal. While Sarah didn't really understand nor really care to comprehend the science involved, she was good at figuring out the details of the complex formatting instructions the granting agency insisted on that the boss was too busy to read.

The first couple afternoons had gone smoothly enough. The boss gave Sarah pages to format, which Sarah added to the growing document. It required both hard copies and electronic versions, and Sarah ended up taking over most of the office's shared computer room.

Tom seemed to find an excuse to pop by several times a day, saying hi and asking Sarah how things were going. Sarah fought her urge to flee, but avoided standing too close to him. He was tall, over six feet and towered over her petite five-foot frame. His longish dark blonde hair flopped carelessly around his face, and his hazel eyes seemed to sparkle with promised mischief. Sarah couldn't help but find his sweet looking, somewhat boyish face charming.

As the deadline approached, the boss decided that Tom should add a section to the grant. This decision was made right before the boss left town for a week, with plans to return just before the grant was due. This meant Sarah and Tom would be working closely together to get his section in order on time.

It was a Thursday, and the boss was coming back on Monday, expecting to see a final draft. Sarah had a test that morning and hadn't really had time to dress for work. She decided to head home and take a shower and change before work.

Sarah stripped her jeans and t-shirt off and grabbed a towel before stepping into the shower. Noticing light stubble on her legs, she decided to touch up shaving them, and do the rest of her while she was at it. Sarah had fully shaved her pussy from the day she started growing hair and shaving her armpits. She'd always just preferred it, and since the guys she'd been with reacted so positively to her shaved pussy she had kept doing it.

"Not that it has seen much action lately," she bemoaned to herself. She briefly considered getting herself off in the shower, but decided that delaying going into work any longer would just mean she'd have to stay that much later. She turned off the water and quickly toweled off.

Sarah first put on her bra, her favorite black one. It lifted her breasts nicely, but she chose it more for comfort. She then slid on a tiny black thong. Sarah knew it was sexy, but her reasons for choosing it were much more pedestrian: it was clean underwear, and she hated panty lines under her skirt.

Sarah also hated pantyhose, but felt that covered legs looked more professional. She slipped on a pair of thigh high stockings. Noting that the top of one of them wasn't holding up well and not wanting to change, she grabbed a lacy garter belt and put it on. "How functional," she mused to herself, recalling the night she'd worn it for her ex-boyfriend to look sexy.

Sarah glanced at herself in the mirror and realized she was looking more like a sex bomb than a professional office worker. She slid on her knee length gray skirt and buttoned up her white work blouse. She did her hair up in a bun and put on her glasses after a light touching up of make-up. Satisfied, she went to the office.

It was after 5 o'clock, and no one was around, except Tom. He smiled at her when she arrived, and they got to work. For several hours it was all business, but eventually she heard his stomach growl, and Sarah realized that she also was hungry.

"Want to get a pizza?" Tom asked her.

"Hells yeah!" Sarah replied.

He made the call and they kept working, casting little glances at each other. When the food arrived they took a break and made small talk. At Times Sarah thought he was flirting with her, but she was never quite sure. Too soon they were done eating, and it was back to work.

Two hours later, Tom exclaimed, "Finally! I think we're done!"

"Woot!" Sarah responded, being glad to have finished the work.

"God, you have a great smile," Tom told her. Sarah was taken aback and felt her cheeks flush with embarrassment.

"I'm sorry, you probably don't need me telling you how pretty you are," Tom stammered.

"No, it's ok," Sarah responded, feeling instant empathy. "Really, I appreciate the compliment. I haven't gotten a lot of them lately."

"Really?" Tom asked, looking shocked. "I'd have figured a hot girl like you had all kinds of guys after you."

Sarah blushed again. "Well, this "hot girl's" ex-boyfriend wasn't very good at giving me compliments, and I've been a little busy since then. Do you think your girlfriend would be bothered to hear you complimenting me?" Sarah challenged.

"I don't think my EX-girlfriend has any say in the matter," he replied.

"Sorry to hear that," Sarah said.

"It's ok, it was for the best. I just miss the sex," he responded.

Sarah was momentarily shocked by his bluntness, and then laughed. "You're cute, I'm sure you'll find yourself another girl soon enough."

Now it was Tom's turn to look slightly embarrassed. "Awww, thanks. That means a lot from you. You know, I always thought you didn't really like me much."

"Really? Why?" She asked.

"I dunno, you never really had much to say to me," he replied.

"I guess so. The thing is, you kinda make me nervous."

"Nervous? God, why?" Tom asked, truly shocked.

"Well, you're tall, and you're cute, and funny and smart..."

Tom looked at Sarah for a good long minute, and then spoke in a soft, low voice. "I'm about to do something very, very wrong. I hope you don't take offense." He then stepped forward, leaned down, and kissed Sarah.

Sarah closed her eyes, her heart racing a mile a minute. This was wrong. So very, very wrong. Sarah didn't want to be the type of girl who slept with her co-worker, no matter how sweet and charming he was. But kissing him felt so right.

Sarah found herself wrapping her arms around Tom, kissing him back and pressing her small body against his larger one. She was struck by how imposing he was compared to her. She was also struck by the growing bulge in his pants that she felt pressing against her tummy.

Sarah slipped away and stepped towards the door. She quickly swung it shut and moved a chair in front of it, and closed the blinds of the room, which faced the hall. It would look weird on the off-chance someone walked by, but at least they wouldn't see her sucking face with Tom.

"For a second I thought you were leaving," Tom confessed as Sarah stepped back into his embrace.

Sarah kissed his lower lip and whispered sarcastically, "Oh yes, I was running away to sue you for sexual harassment."

"So you want me to stop?" he teased, running his strong hands down her back and cupping her small, firm ass.

"Fuck no! If you do stop then I may have to sue!" she giggled.

The couples' tongues entwined as they stood together, kissing and savoring each other's body pressed against each other. Tom nibbled his way down Sarah's neck. He unbuttoned two of her shirt's buttons to attack her collarbone with tender kisses.

Sarah got tired of standing, and quickly began to carefully clear the table, not wanting to damage any of the documents she'd worked so hard on. Bent over slightly, she felt Tom's hands lift up her skirt, exposing her ass to his gaze.

"Wow, that's a very sexy thong," he observed, tracing his fingers along the tiny piece of fabric. "And those stockings are insanely hot. Did you plan for me to see this?"

"Thank you," she practically whispered. "And if I did plan it, it was totally subconscious."

Tom stepped forward and ground his cock against Sarah's ass through his pants. Half bent over, she supported herself against the newly cleaned table and heard herself moan with excitement.

Tom spun her around and kissed her once more, his hands sliding all over her body. He slid his right hand between her thighs, teasing the bare flesh between her stockings and underwear but never quite making contact with her pussy.

Sarah momentarily lost track of time and space, allowing herself to be consumed by the pleasurable sensations of Tom's lips against hers and her fingers against her skin. She ran her hands across his broad masculine back, enjoying the contrast of his large frame compared to her small one.

Feeling horny and desperately curious, Sarah reached out to grope Tom's hard-on through his jeans. She was pleased by what she found; it was very hard, and quite large. While size didn't matter much to Sarah, she did find something psychologically satisfying about her pending semi-random fuck being nicely endowed. Especially since her negligent ex-boyfriend had been small, so it would be fun to try Tom's big one on for size.

Still kissing each other, Sarah, started to undo Tom's pants, but he stopped her, softly teasing, "Ladies first." Sarah was about to ask him what he meant, but he was already on his knees before him, going through the trouble of unhooking her stockings. Sarah giggled at his ultimately successful efforts, then groaned with arousal as he had her stand up, allowing him to hook his fingers under her tiny thong and peel it down off her body.

Tom flipped her skirt up as she sat back down, and Sarah was well aware of the cool feel of the conference table against her bare ass. Tom stared at her fully shaved pussy lustfully. He reached out and touched her swollen lips gently, causing Sarah to jump and moan with pleasure.

"You've got a beautiful pussy," Tom observed. "I love that you shave. I hope it tastes as good as it looks." And with that, his light brown-haired head was between her thighs, his tongue gently lapping at Sarah's labia.

Afterwards, Sarah did the math and realized that while it had been over two months since getting fucked, she hadn't been gone down on in almost six months before Tom's talented tongue touched her pussy. Her ex hadn't liked giving head, yet somehow failed to realize that his reluctance to return the favor was what killed Sarah's own enthusiasm for giving blowjobs.

Still, Sarah's mind was far away from her ex, and focused on Tom and the enthusiastically skilled oral treatment he was giving her with his tongue. He teased her at first, gently licking and nibbling her outer lips, barely brushing his tongue against her clit or briefly darting it inside of her. With time his focus moved to her swollen clit, licking it tenderly, then sucking upon it briefly. Sarah became unaware of the specifics of what he was doing down there. All she knew is it felt very, very good.

She moaned, clutching his hair and feeling her heart beat race even faster. She was momentarily aware that she was sitting on the table at work while her hot co-worker was eating her out. Although very unlikely, there was a slim chance of someone walking in and catching them. Oddly, that thought turned her on even more. Waves of pleasure shot through her body as Tom continued eating her out.

Unfortunately her butt was starting to cramp up due to the awkward position she was sitting in. Deciding not to break the mood, Sarah merely groaned "I need to feel your cock in my mouth right now!" She was amazed by her own wantonness, but realized that fucking a co-worker at work was pretty slutty already, so why not go all out?

Tom quickly stood up and kissed her, letting her taste her own juices on his lips and cheeks, assuaging any doubt she had about how she tasted, and reminding her that tasting another woman's pussy was something on her list to do before graduation. Still, Sarah loved cock, and her immediate desires were for Tom's impressive hard on. She fell to her knees and practically ripped off Tom's jeans and boxers, freeing his wonderful erection from his pants.

Sarah stroked his thick cock with her small hand, noting that her fingers could barely wrap all the way around his girth. She looked up and saw him smiling down at her, looking very pleased with himself. Sarah felt her body flush with arousal as she began licking Tom's cock. She knew there was no better way to make a man feel like a powerful stud than sucking his dick on your knees, and Sarah felt powerful and sexy knowing she could inspire those feelings. At the same time she felt small and submissive to this powerful man and his big penis in a way that made her pussy gush with desire.

Sarah took his dick into her mouth, wrapping her lips around the head. Using her hand to help, she sucked his cock, hearing him moan with appreciation. Sarah smiled to herself, and unleashed her secret weapon. Inhaling deeply through her nose, she released her hand and slid her lips all the way down Tom's cock. She felt his long, thick shaft slide down into her throat. She heard Tom gasp with surprised pleasure as she swallowed his entire big cock, deep-throating him.

"Wow!" he exclaimed.

"What?" Sarah asked, acting innocent.

"I haven't had a girl deep throat me in a while," Tom replied. "God, that's awesome."

"Well, Tom, with a dick as big as yours I can see why. Still, do you want to keep talking about it, or do you want your cock back in my throat?" Sarah teased.

"Suck my cock, Sarah!" Tom replied passionately.

Sarah gobbled him down once more and took him all the way down several times. Eventually Tom pulled her off him gently and practically gasped, "I love what you're doing, but if you keep it up, I'm going to lose it."

Sarah beamed at the compliment, but a mouth full of cum wasn't what she had planned for Tom and his cock. Her pussy was wet and ready and she needed to get fucked. Luckily, Sarah was in the habit of carrying a condom in her purse, "Just in case." She wordlessly strode over to her purse, vaguely aware of the flapping garter straps and her pantiless pussy under her skirt. She fetched the foil package from her purse and turned towards Tom, holding the condom triumphantly.

Tom grinned and quickly shed the rest of his clothes. Sarah marveled at how good he looked standing there naked. While his body wasn't perfect it was very sexy, especially to her in that moment.

Sarah shed her own blouse as seductively as she could manage, and unhooked her skirt so it dropped to a puddle at her feet. She stepped towards her new lover wearing only her sexy black bra, garter belt, and stockings, her pussy exposed and very ready for Tom to penetrate it. Tom's fingers quickly found her extremely wet pussy and began teasing her once more. His lips latched onto her neck, kissing and nibbling gently and working their way down to her cleavage.

Sarah loved foreplay, but she really, really wanted to feel his cock inside her. She handed him the condom and turned around, bending forward and supporting herself against the table, presenting her ass to him.

She was surprised to feel his tongue once again on her pussy lips. Her ex never spent so much time on foreplay, and as a result Sarah was closer to orgasm with a man than she had been in far too long. Tom slid his hands up and down her thighs as his tongue darted up and down her smooth pussy, even teasing the sensitive spot at the bottom before returning to her clit. Sarah simply groaned, feeling wonderfully exposed and vulnerable to accompany her physical sensations of pleasure.

At long last, Tom decided she was ready for him, and she felt him stand up and heard the sound of him putting on the condom. Moments later she felt the head of his cock poking against her pussy. She reached between her legs and grabbed his dick, helping guide him into where they both wanted him to be.

She cried out with pleasure as she felt Tom's thick cock penetrate her for the first time. She was glad he had gotten her so wet. His hands were on her hips, holding her firmly as he gradually pushed his thick member inside of her. "Go slow," she moaned. "It's been a while."

Tom paused, his shaft half-impaled inside of her. He took the time to explore her body, gliding his fingertips across her bare back and ass. With small motions he resumed working more of his cock into Sarah's wet pussy. Sarah closed her eyes as her fingers found her clit.

Tom began a slow, steady pace of fucking her. When Sarah realized he was not simply rushing to his own orgasm she allowed herself to relax a little and enjoy the feeling of being penetrated, his strong hands on her hips, her own fingers strumming her clit.

Inside her tight, wet pussy, she felt his cock swell up even more. He caressed his ass with her hand, and then brought it down for a light spanking. Sarah jumped and moaned, and felt her pussy become even wetter.

"Do that again," she requested, and he obliged, a little harder this time. Sarah rubbed her clit a little faster, reaching back to caress Tom's balls in between.

He penetrated her fully and deeply, driving his shaft deep inside her repeatedly. What had begun as slow, steady fucking was turning into a harder, faster and deeper pounding. Sarah for her part was loving the treatment, and from Tom's groans of pleasure she could tell he felt the same way.

"Just like that," she moaned, feeling his cock hit her in just the right spot. He was so hard and big and inside her, and it felt so good. To her amazement, she felt herself getting close. She could rarely come the first time with a guy, but maybe it was the oral he'd given, maybe the it was the hotness of the situation, or just the sheer girth of his cock, but amazingly, Sarah felt it begin.

"I'm coming!" she gasped, both in surprise and excitement. Tom felt her pussy clench his cock tightly as her body tensed up. Tom's own excitement was high, and as Sarah came her pussy felt amazing.

"Yes!" he groaned, and both lovers felt his cock swell up even more. Tom grunted with pleasure as he came, his cock shooting as Sarah's pussy clung to him tightly. His cock throbbed insider her, and he gasped, "God... wow."

The lovers caught their breath and surveyed the situation. Tom's cock was still buried inside Sarah, her stockings slightly disheveled and her arms tired from supporting herself. Tom extracted himself as gracefully as he could, and grabbed a few tissues from a nearby box to clean up.
