 It took me a long time, but this is my new piece. I think it ends rather weakly, but you be the judge. Enjoy!

I pulled up to Liz’s house and killed the engine. I let the radio run for a minute more, finishing the song I’d been listening to, before climbing out of the car and heading up the path to her front door. As I made those few steps, my mind couldn’t help but reflect on how unlikely this whole situation was. It was something I couldn’t even have imagined just six months ago. And now, here it was. My mind flashed back of its own volition.

I had just turned 18 and was enjoying my last summer before starting college. For the most part, it had sucked. I’d broken up with Jane, my girlfriend of two years, in March and had spent the following five months in absolute misery. Well, near absolute. Throughout it all there had been one single point of light. And her name was Liz.

Liz was a year younger than me, but we had been friends for years. It was never a secret to me that Liz had feelings for me, but because of Jane, she had never acted on them. Even after Jane and I had broken up, Liz never pressed for anything more than friendship. She was just…there for me. Like a true friend.

Now Liz is a very attractive young woman. An angelic face, light brown hair that went to the middle of her back, and dark eyes all greeted my sight whenever I saw her. Add to that an amazing chest that stood round and firm and just slightly larger than is normal for someone of her petite frame, a great ass, and legs that seemed longer than her 5’4” height, and Liz was nothing less than a high school goddess.

But all that was nothing next to her personality. Liz was one of the nicest and sweetest people I had ever met. She was one of those few people who genuinely cared about other people. I guess that’s why when Jane and I broke up, Liz was right there, never demanding anything, never complaining about my seemingly endless depression over losing Jane. I was pretty messed up after Jane. I must have cried on Liz’s shoulder (well, not cried, exactly…I just, lightly sniffled) three times a week for a month and a half straight. And she never said anything, except to tell me that it was going to be alright. Maybe that’s what it was. Maybe it was her silent compassion and quiet caring that finally moved me to do what I did.

All these thoughts and more flashed through my head as fast as lighting as I made my way to Liz’s front door. It was a hot August day and she had invited me over to go swimming in her pool. Hey, who was I to refuse? Plus, and I must be honest about this, the thought of Liz in a swimsuit was not something entirely unappealing.

I knocked on her door and her dad answered.

“Hi,” he said.

“Hi, Mr. Sampson,” I said.

“Liz’s out back.”

“Thanks a lot.” I made my way around the side of the house. The pool was one of those large above-ground deals, big enough to swim around in pretty well. As I approached I saw Liz lounging on a floating mat in the middle of the pool. My god, she looked good. Tie-dye bikini covering her breasts which pushed upwards toward the heavens, skin glistening from a fresh dip in the water… I was starting to get hard just looking at her. That wouldn’t do at all. If I started sporting an erection, there’s no way my loose trunks would hide it. So I took a deep breath, composed myself, and walked towards the pool.

“Hey gorgeous,” I said. She lifted her head up and looked at me, smiling.

“Hey handsome.” She slid off the mat into the water, walked over to the little ladder and pulled herself out. As the ladder was on the other side of the pool, I got a fantastic look at her ass. My cock twitched again. Okay, keep it together, I told myself.

Liz jogged over to me and gave me a big hug.

“Glad you could make it,” she said.

“Wouldn’t miss it for the world.”

“So, what’re you waiting for? Let’s hop in!” I dropped my towel on a nearby chair and stripped off my shirt. Now, I don’t claim to be the fittest of guys, but I’d spent most of high school killing myself on a soccer field, so I was in pretty good shape. Not great (after all, it had been about five months since my last game), but pretty good. Liz jogged back to the ladder and, climbing it quickly, launched herself into the pool. I followed, eager to get out of the heat and into the water.

We played around for a good hour. Swimming around, splashing each other, tossing a beach ball…the usual pool stuff. After a while we decided to chill and climbed up onto a couple of the floating mats, resting up, just talking. Not about anything important, just talking. “Of shoes and ships and sealing wax,” as the poem goes.

Eventually there was a lull in the conversation. We were both just floating there, on top of the water, as mellow as ever two people were.

“Are we gonna talk about it?” she asked me. I knew exactly what she was talking about, and had been dreading those words for a week.

“I suppose we should,” I said, as noncommitantly as possible.

“Well?”

“Well what?”

“What do you have to say?”

“I dunno. What do you have to say?”

“I don’t know either.” There was a pause. “I guess,” she said, “the first thing I wanted to say was that I really liked it.”

“Me too,” I said.

“Yeah, so…”

“I guess the question is, where do we go from here?”

“What do you think?” she asked.

“Well, I don’t really know. All I know is, I’m not really at a point where I want another relationship.”

“I don’t want a relationship either.”

“Plus, I’ll be going away to school in the fall, and I can’t do anything long distance.”

“Me neither.”

“And I don’t want anything to ruin our friendship.”

“Oh, absolutely not.

“Yeah, so…”

“Yeah,” she answered.

“So it was just something we did.”

“Right. Something that was really fun but that’s it.”

“Exactly. No reason we have to feel weird about it.”

“No, of course not.”

“Okay then.”

“Good.”

“Glad we got that settled.” A long pause as we drifted around the pool on invisible currents.

“What if we did it again?” she said.

I couldn’t believe my ears. I was hearing perhaps the words every guy everywhere in the world waits maybe his entire life to hear. I was being offered carefree, no strings sex, completely devoid of emotional attachment. Liz and I hadn’t had sex, we’d only fooled around a little bit. But both of us knew where it would have gone. And I knew that what she was offering me was the opportunity to go there. It was a dream come true.

But I knew, as much as I didn’t want to, that it was a hollow dream. A false dream. There was no way Liz and I could be friends and lovers at the same time. It just doesn’t work like that, I know. A couple of my friends had tried it and ended up hating each other. Casual physical relationships just don’t work. Sooner or later, someone develops an emotional attachment. It’s just the way humans work. If Liz and I became “friends with benefits” it would surely end badly. I knew it in my heart. And I didn’t want that.

“It wouldn’t work.” I said, still not believing I was saying this. “It would end badly.”

“I know,” she said. “But I was still hoping we could try.”

“I value your friendship too much,” I was kicking myself inside.

“Me too. And you’re right, sooner or later it would end badly. I couldn’t take that.”

“Neither could I.”

“So, it’s settled then.”

“Yup.”

“No fooling around of any kind.”

“Right.”

“Okay, deal.”

“Deal.”

“Hug on it?” she said, sliding off the float. I slid off mine and we hugged, chest deep in the pool. 

Then, catching me off guard, Liz threw me into the water.

While coming to the surface, determined to have my revenge, I grabbed her legs and pulled them out from under her and dunked her in, her laughter cut off by a surprised yelp. Liz, in turn, splashed a large spray of water at me and lunged, dragging me under with her. I got the advantage and came up laughing with my arms wrapped around her from behind. She kicked and struggled, but there was no way she was getting free.

“Give up?” I said.

“Yes, fine!” she cried out, giggling.

“Good,” I said smiling. I let her go, dropping her into the water. She spun around, glaring at me, pretending to be mad. Then the most peculiar thing happened.

We kissed.

There was no pause before the kiss. No looking deep into each other’s eyes. No long soulful exchanges of looks. She just spun around and we were kissing. To this day I don’t know if she planned it. I don’t if all that time she had been simply waiting for an opportunity. I like to think she did plan it. I like to think that she was so attracted to me that she was just looking for a way to start something we both knew could never work. More likely, though, it had just been an accident of sorts. The water, the laughter, our bodies so close to each other…instinct had taken over and our lips met

It was several seconds before it really registered what had happened. But that several seconds was all the time necessary for all my reservations to be overcome. It didn’t matter that we might lose our friendship. It didn’t matter that we might end up hating each other. All that mattered was her lips on mine; her body close to mine; her flesh on my flesh. All that mattered to me was her, and all that mattered to her was me.

We broke our first kiss only to begin a second. And a third. Gradually our mouths opened and our tongues began exploring. I felt Liz’s hands wrap around my neck as mine went ‘round her waist. Her fingers ran through my hair as I rubbed the small of her back. As our kisses grew in intensity she pressed herself harder against me. He tits forced against my chest, my growing erection poking into her stomach.

I pulled my mouth from hers and began hungrily sucking on her neck. First one side than the other, my mouth traveled across her collarbone. My head moved fast, trying to cover every inch of her skin with my lips. My mouth sucked hard on her shoulders, leaving perhaps a hickey or two. Liz began to sigh. Softly and slowly at first, but with increasing speed and strength. The more I kissed her shoulders, the more I sucked on her neck, the stronger the sounds coming from her mouth.

After some time of this, she wrapped her arms firmly around my neck and jumped up, her legs wrapping around my waist. As we were still roughly chest-deep in the pool, it was easy for me to support her weight (light though it was). We kissed again, her tongue searching the inside of my mouth for what, I knew not. By this point the passion was growing so rapidly in us we were in danger of simply losing all control, which wouldn’t do with us in her back yard, in her pool, with her parents inside.

Trying to slow things down somewhat, I began to kiss Liz below her chin, trailing my lips down the center of her neck. Unfortunately, this had the opposite effect of the one intended as Liz began to trash about somewhat. She arched her back, with her legs still wrapped around me, which forced the tops of her breasts to my mouth. I covered these with kisses even as Liz began to moan. Quietly at first, but ever louder. The more I tried to slow things down, the more she tried to speed them up. It was as if she were on fire and nothing could put her out. I traced kisses along the line of her bikini top, then planted kisses on her nipples through the fabric. I bit softly on them.

“Harder…” came a near-soundless moan from Liz. Knowing my cue when I hear one, I bit down harder on her nipples. Liz, it seemed, liked things a little rough, something I had not learned in our previous encounter.

“God yes…” she said. My hand which had, up til now, been holding her waist and supporting her waist, I now moved down to her ass as I began to knead to soft flesh underwater. My hands on her ass and my mouth on her breasts (her oh-so-perfect breasts) were beginning to drive Liz wild as she began to buck herself against me, rubbing her suit-covered pussy against my trunk-enclosed cock. Faster and faster she bucked against me as I bit her nipples and squeezed her ass harder. Fearing both that I may cum too soon and also that our wild thrashing of the water might alert neighbors or parents, I knew I had to do something, anything, to slow this wild woman down. But, as I said, nothing seemed to work.

Keeping her ass in my hands and her fabric-covered nipples in my mouth, I slowly walked with Liz over to the wall of the pool. Deciding to try something a little different, I pushed Liz hard against the wall, pinning her to it, pressing myself hard against her body, her breasts pushed tight against my chest. Water splashed up the wall and the padding kept her from being hurt, but the shock of so rough an action seemed to stun her out of whatever wild place of passion she had been lost in. However, not wanting to lose the mood entirely I followed this action by moving one of my hands from her ass to her cunt. With Liz now supported by her arms around my neck, one of my hands under her ass, and the force with which I held her against the wall, my remaining had exerted a slow but steady pressure on her crotch. Even in the cold water I could feel the warmth emanating from her womanhood. I first I pressed slowly on her snatch. After a few moments, my mouth no longer chewing on Liz’s nipples, but my head up, eyes locked with hers, I began to rub her pussy. Slowly, very slowly, up and down, up and down.

Liz kept her eyes open, holding eye contact with me as I rubbed her pussy. With more speed and force, I rubbed her up and down, over and over. Her breathing quickly returned to the rapid pace it had been at before I pushed her into the wall, and her eyes began to close in involuntary passion. Her mouth opened as sighs and moans began to escape her lips. My hand between her legs was quickly bringing her back to that wild place she had been in and I decided to let her enjoy it.

When her eyes closed fully in passion, I dropped my head to her chest and once again began chewing on her nipples, which were still poking through the cloth of her bikini. My name escaped her lips as my mouth at her chest and my hand between her legs worked furiously to pleasure her. Liz reached one of her hands down from my neck and began to rub my cock through my trunks. Pressed as my erection was between our bodies, it was difficult for Liz to get a grip. After a moment, her head came forward and she locked her teeth on my earlobe as she whispered,

“We need to go somewhere.” I couldn’t have agreed more.

Somehow we managed to separate from each other long enough to climb out of the pool. Liz adjusted her bikini top back over her nipples, but I was momentarily embarrassed as my rock solid cock made an unmistakable tent in my swimsuit. Once out of the pool Liz and I moved toward the house where a lawn chair was sitting underneath a bay window. A large bush stood to one side of the chair, and situated as the chair was, between the bush and almost directly under the window, it was about as private a place as Liz and I were likely to find. We didn’t care about that, though. All we cared about was getting our hands back on one another. About feeling each other’s bodies pressed together, flesh melding, hands groping, tongues exploring. All we care about was lust. And passion.

Liz jogged over to the chair, her ass bouncing enticingly before me. The sight of that ass, enclosed in tie die fabric…I could not have turned away even if I had wanted to. And I definitely didn’t want to. I followed Liz right behind.

When she reached the chair she turned around abruptly and tossed her arms around me, pulling me into a hot embrace, and a passionate kiss. Our tongues danced with each other as her hands once again stroked my hair, and mine roamed her soft back I supported Liz and followed her as she fell gently backwards, my arms around her, into the chair. Not once did our mouths break contact. Once on the chair one of my hands left her back to travel up and down her side, tracing the smooth swell of her hip, the long line of her leg, the delicate curve of her shoulder. My other hand, meanwhile, untied her bikini top from around her neck.

My mouth went back to her nipples, sucking, biting, licking, teasing. My tongue made circles around her areolas, then I clasped her nipples hard between my lips as my tongue flicked their engorged nips. I squeezed her ass, kneading the soft and luscious flesh in my palm. Her hand wormed between us to stroke at my chest, play briefly with my nipples, and embark into my shorts. 

She grabbed my cock firmly in her small hand. As hot as my shaft was, I could still feel heat radiating from her. Slowly, almost excruciatingly so, she jacked my cock up and down. Up. Down. Slow. I moaned into the valley between her tits. Mumbled her name. “Liz. Liz.” And she moaned mine in return.

With her hand between my legs, I was obligated (and delighted) to return the favor. My hand left her ass and began, once more, rubbing her pussy through the fabric of her bikini bottoms. The fabric was soaking wet (and not just from the pool), and clung to the folds of her cunt. I traced them with the tips of my fingers, I rubbed her whole pussy with the palm of my hand. I probed gently upwards, all the while outside the fabric. And then, with a word from Liz,

“Inside…”

My fingers pushed aside the material and in a swift move I entered her cunt, sticking my index finger deep inside her, as far as I could. A grunt left her throat. I pistoned my finger in and out, slowly at first. I added a second, then a third finger to my probing of her pussy. Her vaginal muscles contracted tightly around my digits as I pumped them in and out, slowly. Then faster. Her hand on my cock had paused in its stroking when my fingers first entered her, but now it resumed it’s rhythmic and agonizingly pleasurable motion. Up. Down. Up and down. Liz’s hand on my cock seemed to keep time with my hand in her cunt. Up. Down. In. Out.

As utterly enjoyable as this was, we knew we didn’t have much time. Liz’s parents were still inside and could come out at any minute. Besides, our own sexual urgency wouldn’t let us hold off much longer. The fact that we could be caught the next moment, only fueled our almost animal longing for each other. All the foreplay, my attention to her tits and cunt, her attention to my chest and cock, all of it…it had just been our way of stalling. But we knew what came next. And it was as inevitable as the sunrise.

“Now,” Liz whispered in my ear. That soft voice in my ear, her breath blowing gently against my outer lobe, and that one word…if I wasn’t already hard, I would have been instantly then.

Liz reach down and lowered my trunks, pausing only briefly to give my ass a playful squeeze. With one hand she stroked my cock a few more times, before guiding it towards her cunt. And with the other she pulled aside her bikini. I had removed my fingers from her cunt, and now used my hand to spread her pussy lips. Not that they needed it at this point. Her sex was wide open and inviting. Her pussy begged for my cock. And both she and I endeavored to please.

The tip of my cock made contact with her cunt. I almost lost it. But I was determined that this would last. All that animal passion, all that pent up lust and longing…no premature ejaculation was going to ruin this moment. It wouldn’t be a slow fuck. It wouldn’t be gentle. It would be fast and furious. But, by god it was going to be done right.

Once Liz had my cock positioned before her cunt, she looked into my eyes. Almost as if asking me one last time if this was right. I said nothing. I couldn’t. All I knew, my whole world, was her pussy and my dick. And in that moment, Liz pushed herself down, spearing my cock straight into her twat. My shaft was immediately enveloped by the warmest, softest vice grip I had ever know. I don’t have a particularly large cock, but Liz hadn’t had much sexual experience. So my fairly modest sized dick was enough to fill her completely. Liz’s eyes had shut and she had gasped, a high-pitched quick gasp. After a moment, she opened her eyes, looked into mine.
