 Adam entered the club and made his way through the people to a back corner. His friends had commandeered an area, posting the same "Happy Birthday, Adam" banner from the community centre party on the wall.

"About time you showed up!" Trevor announced over the pulsating music beats in the air with a stiff punch against Adam's shoulder. He held up a digital video camera and trained it on Adam from head-to-toe. "Took you long enough to change into this gay-loser clothing!"

Adam fixed his shirt and slacks mockingly. "Takes a bit of time to look this good," he joked, "Told you I had to help out a bit after hours at the centre!"

"Yeah, yeah, whatever!" Trevor said dismissively, "Just sucking up to the supervisors."

Adam shrugged. "Well you know, anything to get in good with them, right?" 

"Don't you mean anything to get into Lynn?" Trevor bellowed over the music. He turned the camera on himself, "Ho! Booyah baby!"

Adam looked calmly at his over-stimulated comrade. He wondered how much it would just wreck the crazed Trevor to know how close he had come to fulfilling his shower-room fantasy a little earlier that evening. 

Yet he felt no inclination to do so. He didn't have the slightest urge to brag to anyone about what happened.

"Get into what?" Cassie asked as she snuck up from behind and rested her hands on Adam's shoulders. She propped herself on her toes, pressing her soft bosom against his arm as she planted a kiss on his cheek. Her lips left a glossy red mark on his skin. 

"Into your panties!" Trevor laughed. He zoomed the camera lens into her robust cleavage surging against her champagne party dress. 

Cassie rolled her eyes as she swatted away the camera. She swept back her soft brunette hair. "He's supposed to be older than us, isn't he?" she asked Adam.

"C'est vrai. Some people develop more slowly than others," Adam said as he wrapped his arm around her waist and gave her a peck on the lips. He pointed to Trevor, "And some prove the theory of regression."

"Hey! Hey! I'm fully developed where it counts, bub!" Trevor said, grabbing his crotch.

The rest of the group swept around them and pulled them into their area of the club. The drinks were quickly passed into Adam's hands but he just as quickly and deftly managed to pawn most of them off to someone else. He just didn't feel like getting smashed this evening. Cassie, however, had no reservations about tossing back a few shots.

While most of the group, including Cassie, went out onto the dance floor, Adam, Trevor, and Juan lingered in a booth. They gathered themselves around Trevor's digital video camera, watching the display screen.

"That's not you, is it?" Adam asked, squinting as he watched the movie on the little screen.

"No man," Trevor said, waving his hand, "Cousin's friend and a chick they met on campus."

"Thank God. I wouldn't want to be caught looking at your pale dick," Juan snickered, "The girl's hot, though."

The trio sat quietly, crooked grins on Juan and Trevor's faces.

"They let you film that?" Juan asked.

"Hell yeah," Trevor replied, "They told me to!"

Adam shook his head and leaned back in his seat. "This isn't going to just stay in this camera. These people...they never heard of the internet thing?"

Trevor laughed, "That's the idea, yo! My cousin wants to start streaming this stuff and make some shitload of coin."

Adam grimaced and looked away. He was feeling more and more detached from the proceedings as the minutes ticked by.

"The girl is really damn hot!" Juan repeated, leaning in a little closer.

Adam shrugged. 

Trevor, glaring out the women dancing on the floor, snorted, "Meh. Seen better."

Juan leaned in front of Trevor. "You mean Cassie?" he asked, "Do you think she would?"

Adam winced. "I don't know. Maybe we can just drop this talk already, yeah? I don't like the way this conversation is going. I know I wouldn't want to be involved with any crap like this."

"It's the girls that they'll pay for, stupid," Trevor prodded, "Cassie would be 'bank', no doubt. Mediterranean chicks are in demand. You know who else at the centre I'd pay major bills to see get her tight little ass screwed on camera?"

Pausing for a moment to think, Adam frowned then said, "No way. Never. Don't go there."

In unison, Trevor and Juan laughed, "Lynn!"

Adam rubbed his palm against his forehead then dragged his fingers back through his hair, shaking his head side-to-side. He didn't feel like joining in his co-workers' revelry about Lynn.

"Those Asian whore websites are just racking up the hits," Trevor grinned as he went on, "Lynn would be a hot item, you could be damn sure!"

Adam shook his head, his annoyance clear by the harsh frown over his eyes. "Look. Can we just stop talking about Lynn for today, for fuck's sake?"

"What about that bitch, Lynn?" Cassie asked, sneaking into the conversation again as she slid into the booth and leaned up against Adam. She looked hot and bothered, her face red and glowing from a light sheen of perspiration. A distinct scent of alcohol fluttered from her lips.

Still chuckling, Trevor said, "Nothing...except we may be coming down with a little bit of 'Yellow Fever' in this booth!"

"Are you for real? She's so old!" Cassie scoffed.

"No she isn't!" Juan insisted, "Thirty ain't old and, whatever, the woman is still smokin' as hell!"

"Amen, brother," Trevor chuckled. 

Juan and Trevor laughed. Adam continued to sit quietly, looking away, lips tight as he tried to remain calm.

"She's always picking on me!" Cassie groused, "I just want to take her out already!"

"Sounds like someone wants to get into a catfight!" Trevor goaded, "Bitch slap, baby!"

"I'd pay to see that, too!" Juan laughed.

"Think she's all that," Cassie continued to grumble as she clutched at Adam's arm, "She thinks she's so hot still. She's just old and bitchy!"

"Well, Lynn still has it all going on. No doubt, Cassie," Trevor replied.

Juan nodded. "Most definitely."

Cassie turned her green eyes upon Adam, hoping for some show of support.

Without looking at her, he said, "Pardon, Cass. Can you slide out? I have to go to the washroom."

Slightly dejected, she stood up from the booth and let Adam get out. Pouting her red lips, she watched him as he headed down the corridor towards the washrooms. Trevor and Juan went back to looking at the viewscreen.

Adam leaned over the counter in the men's washroom, staring into the mirror. He was actually felling a bit tired and felt more than a little reluctant to go back into the club and join his party. The chatter of his friends was wearing him down. After the exhilaration he had experienced earlier that evening back at the community centre, he was definitely having some difficulty mustering any comparable energy. He wondered what Lynn was thinking and feeling at this moment. 

Lynn. She had asked him to stop and he had done so with very little further insistence. The fact that his desire for her had been so overwhelming just before their encounter in the showers made it all the more surprising as he thought about it now. To have respected her decision simply felt like the right thing to do. 

He had always respected Lynn. 

Yet the chase, the seduction, had been just as thrilling. Her groans and her shuddering climax told him that he had satisfied her. He realized that was more than enough for him at the moment.

For the moment. 

Adam's eyes narrowed in the reflection as his jaw stiffened. This wasn't over.

It was still a long summer ahead.

Adam emerged from the washroom, excited by his own resolve. Suddenly, he felt a soft, warm hand clutch at his wrist from behind.

"Adam!" Cassie said, pulling at him.

"Cass?" Adam answered, turning.

The young woman stepped up close to him and, taking his chin with her fingers, planted her full, red lips onto his, delivering a soft, wet kiss. 

Adam stepped back, looking genuinely surprised, and breathed, "Well, happy birthday to me!"

Cassie giggled. Her usually large, white smile was so accentuated, the edges of her lips seemed to touch her ears. Her round cheeks were red and sparkling. Taking his wrists with both hands, now, she shimmied backwards, never taking her big, twinkling eyes off of him as she pulled him down the corridor.

She bullied them through a rear exit of the club out into the embrace of the hot summer evening. Adam said nothing but let her pull him through a back alley around the side of the building. Cassie paused only for a moment to glance around the area before again tugging him into an alcove along side the building next to the club.

In the shadows of the dim doorway, she pressed Adam's back against the brick wall and leaned into him, holding him close, and wrapping her mouth around his hungrily. He could taste the alcohol on her moist lips and tongue. He supported her gently at her hips as she pressed her breasts seductively against his chest. 

Cassie backed away, grinning, and leaned against the wall on the other side of the alcove. 

She winked at Adam and said, "Got ya a little something for your birthday." She reached into her small purse.

Adam remarked,"Ah, Cass. You didn't have to..."

"Shh. Shh. Shh," Cassie hushed shaking her head, still rummaging through her purse, " And...voila!"

The gold chain wrist-band glittered in her hand as she held it up proudly to Adam. The small, rectangular tag linked between the chain was engraved with an 'A' and a 'D' with a Fleurs-de-Lis symbol between the initials. Cassie bit her lower lip and giggled, obviously pleased with the gift.

Adam blinked, unsure of how to react. "Uh...this is for me?" he asked, unable to muster much enthusiasm.

Giddy from excitement and drink, Cassie barely noticed his rather dull reaction and proceeded to take his hand and attach the chain on his wrist. "Who do you think the initials stand for, dummy?"

"You didn't have to get me something like this."

"Just wanted to brand my man," Cassie giggled. She admired the chain for a moment then added, "I got something you could wear on your wrist so everyone can see it."

Adam looked down at the gleaming gold chain. It was light but it made him very uneasy to wear it. "This looks expensive, Cass."

Cassie sighed, flipped back her hair, and smiled. "I can afford it," she remarked through a sharp grin, "And you're worth it."

Adam cocked his brow, gazing intently at her. He knew how she could 'afford' it, just like she could 'afford' that branded purse and likely most of the ensemble she was wearing. Over the years as the community centre's receptionist Cassie had been skimming from the till whenever someone paid their fees or for other items. It was a talent she felt she needed to share with Adam at one point, showing him in detail how she could deftly pocket a fair amount of cash. Though he wasn't actually the slightest bit interested, he didn't bother to confront her about it. Instead, he just made sure she never spent any money on him.

Which made it quite difficult to for him to hold his tongue now. He shook his head and started to reach for the chain.

"Don't take it off!" Cassie said, "It looks good on you!"

"This is too nice," Adam replied, trying to be polite and unaffected, "I can't..."

His words were cut off by a forceful kiss as Cassie devoured his lips in her mouth. It was a deliberate kiss one that declared, "We're moving on now." She pressed into him, pushing his back against the brick wall. Adam's thought were interrupted just as his words were by a flourish of her tongue and a stream of warm air from her mouth to his.

Cassie pinched at his lower lip with her teeth as she pulled away from the kiss. She grinned at him sharply and said, "So, you gonna tell me what you wished for when you blew out your candles, M'sieu Dupuis?" She poked him playfully on his nose.

Adam, trying to stay cool and keep up with the fiery young woman, tilted his head and said, "Can't do that. Won't come true, then."

"Can I guess?" she asked as she undid the top buttons of his dress shirt.

Before he could reply, Cassie was already making her way downward. She pushed apart his shirt and tickled his smooth chest with a smattering of quick kisses and licks, slipping in soft giggles every other breath.

Adam, breathing hard, looked down, watching the young woman, caressing her fine brunette hair as she continued downward, offering him a lovely view of he deep, inviting cleavage. He listened as she deftly undid his belt buckle and pulled down his fly. All the while, he realized he was frowning, feeling the weight of his brows coming down over his eyes. 

Cassie pushed and tugged at his pants and his shorts beneath until his twitching shaft slipped out. Quickly she gathered him gently, yet firmly, in her hand. With a knowing smile on her lips, she looked upward and said, "Did I guess right?"

Adam sucked his lips inward, keeping them shut in a tight line. He gazed down at Cassie, his hand at the side of her head but no longer stroking her hair. 

Either it was too dim in the covered doorway, or else Cassie was too giddy with her own anticipation, but she didn't notice the unusually troubled expression on Adam's face. Instead, she rounded her grinning mouth open and slipped her lips over him with a satisfying hum.

Within a few moments, Adam was quickly reminded at how good Cassie was at this. As she drew his shaft deep inside her mouth and slicked his sensitive flesh with her tongue, she breathed rhythmically, loosing cooing moans and soft, wet gulps. She pumped her fist up and down along the exposed length of his shaft, her fingers following her lips, until his entire length was gleaming with her saliva.

"I love your cock," Cassie purred, slipping him out of her mouth for a moment, "It's so long and hard and it makes me so hot to suck it like this. Mmmm!" She took him deep into her mouth again, his tip nudging her throat.

Despite his distracted thoughts, Adam felt the burning sensation coursing through him each time Cassie's lips slipped up and down his stiffening shaft. He slid his rows of teeth across one another and inhaled deeply. He raised his head, pushing it against the brick wall, and closed his eyes. He felt his cock gliding into her damp, warm mouth relentlessly, and frowned.

Adam realized it wasn't Cassie he was picturing with him there at the moment.

"Cass," Adam said. There was a strain on his voice as he struggled with the urges making their way to the surface of his mind. Still, he opened his eyes and looked down and said again, "Cass."

Cassie withdrew him from her mouth and looked up. Her face was flushed red and glowing from perspiration.

Taking a few seconds to catch his breath, Adam started to say, "Cassie, I..."

The young woman stood up and covered his mouth with her lips, cutting him off with a lustful kiss. As she continued to muffle him, she started to hike up the skirt of her party dress. 

"Wait. Cassie, just wait," Adam insisted, pushing her back at the shoulders.

Cassie stepped back, blinking. "What? What is it?" she asked. Her frown deepened as she watch him quickly pull up his briefs and pants. Her face flushed red, she said, "What are you doing?"

Adam, looking down as he buttoned his pants and tightened his belt, shook his head and replied, "It's ok. We don't have to do this here."

Cassie continued to watch him with a stunned look plastered on her face. "You want to stop?" she asked, incredulous.

Adam looked up and into her eyes. He saw a the possibility of a major scene erupting at any second. Quickly he explained, "Not here, Cass. Not in some shitty alley."

Cassie pushed her long hair back over her forehead. As he buttoned his shirt she asked, "Should we go back to your place?"

He shook his head. "Parents."

"We could go to my car or maybe a hotel..." 

"No. You know what, Cass?" Adam interrupted, putting on a grin, "It's okay, yeah? We don't have to do this tonight."

The young woman took another step back, her head tilting and a hard frown affixed on her face. "You don't want to?" she said, confused, "But it's your birthday."

Adam paused for a second. He was tempted to just walk away. Instead, he forced a broad smile and took her hands. His eyebrows bounced up and down as if they were rubber bands as he leaned forward and said, "C'est ca! It's my birthday! Come on!" 

Adam could see the confused look in her face. It had the distinct edge of annoyance in it and before it could boil over, he added, "Thank you for this." He held up the chain adorning his wrist then gave her a pack on her cheek, "I love it. I'll wear it always, mon cheri." 

His gesture and words seemed to appease her slightly. But before Cassie could make sense of it all, Adam pulled her from the alcove and she followed along as they ran back to the club. "Come on! Let's got back to the club and have some fun!" he called to her.

"I thought we were going to have fun," Cassie mumbled, mystified, as she tried desperately not to trip in her high-heels. 

Adam still was wondering what Lynn was thinking at the moment.

"My God, Lynn. What the hell were you thinking?" Lynn hissed to herself as she walked aimlessly in circles throughout the community centre. How many times had she asked herself that question in the last 14 hours?

The memories of what went down in the showers –the sensations, the sounds-- haunted her throughout the night. Though she couldn't remember doing so, she had managed to drive herself back home to her apartment without getting into an accident. Tossing her things onto the foyer floor, she immediately made a path to the fridge, pulled out a vodka cooler and sucked it down like a baby having her bottle. She didn't even really notice or care that her air-conditioning was on the blink again, the apartment filled with stale, warm air.

Then she let out a long, frustrated groan into the darkness of her apartment. It didn't make her feel any better. Reaching back into the fridge, she grabbed another bottle. She stomped to her sofa, fell into the cushions, and, in the dark, popped the cap of her drink. After about an hour of sitting there in silence, drinking, she passed out.

The thing was, the next day, she still had to face the same problem. And those coolers still weren't sitting that great in her tummy. "I should have stayed in bed," she muttered to herself.

She had let it happen. At the end, though Adam was barrelling towards the impossible moment like a stampede of cattle, he actually managed to stop with just her saying so. She was aware of his extreme arousal, seen it in his eyes, felt the hardened resolve behind his shorts. He was young and immature, supposedly unable to control himself in that state. Yet, at her utterance, he did. There was no forced attempt by him to continue, no angry retorts, no pouting, or fuming. He just stopped. Just like that. He wasn't supposed to be able to do that.

So if she had told him from the very beginning that she wanted him to stop and just get the hell out of the showers, he likely would have and that would have been the end of it.

Yet, she hadn't. And then...

"And then..." Lynn thought to herself. She frowned and rubbed the side of her head roughly with her palm, barely able to restrain herself from letting out a muted whine. They had crossed the line. Hell, they had taken a bucket of borax and erased the line from existence. 

Yet, in between every self-berating thought was another more troubling one. For all the guilt she felt now, at the time, at the moment, it felt incredibly good. Not just how Adam was touching her and pleasuring her physically, but to just mentally let go. It was an incredible release to not give a care about anything after weeks of pent up anxiety and frustration. Lynn needed that so much. She still did. 
