 The summer was dragging on. Sure, there was plenty of stuff we could have entertained ourselves with, but we didn't feel like doing any of it. So, we just sat on the couch...just Chris and I...but that wasn't going to fly for too long. 

This was our last free summer together. It was supposed to be the best, but it was turning out to be the worst. Of course we weren't really trying...and granted, we weren't even past the first week of being free...we just hadn't found our groove yet.  

I had just turned eighteen in the spring, and Chris was a few months older then me. We had been friends and neighbors for as long as I can remember. Now we were grads, about to go our separate ways. Sure, we'd keep in touch, but it wouldn't be the same. 

So, we decided to take the summer off so we could be together as much as possible. Chris was going to stay with me while my parents were on their cruise. They would be gone for a better part of the summer, which would work out very nicely for the two of us.

"Marie...are you alive?" Chris sounded dead just saying it. 

I couldn't help but laugh, "What?"

"Not funny. I'm barely breathing. We've gotta do something before I..." He just stopped talking mid sentence, with a sigh. 

"What do you wanna do?" I turned to face him and his placid features.

"Wanna go swimming?" He droned.

"Nah," I wrinkled my nose. Wasn't up for being gawked at by the neighbors, and oh how they did. Early afternoon, they'd surely all be out and about. If they were any nosier they'd be voyers. It was pretty much the only downside to our neighborhood. 

"It's hot as balls...please!" He was such a whiner sometimes, like an annoying brother, but thankfully so much better. As much as I loved hanging out with him, I was thankful to be an only child...sometimes. 

"What else ya got?"

"Take a drive?"

"Nah." 

He shot me a look of disgust, and then shook his head, "Video games?" He looked hopeful. I gave him a pleading smile, which he knew was my no. I'd never get him away from them, and that's what our summer would consist of. I wasn't going to allow that to happen.

"Mow the lawn? That would be such fun." He continued sarcastically. "Oh, I know...how 'bout we make a bird house? Climb the hills? You won't go swimming, but I bet you'd do that. We could always work on my car. Oooh, you could wash it for me." There was a pause, his face in the distant land of thought. "Sex," He announced low, clearing his throat...then quieted completely. He wouldn't look to me at first. 

I thought for a long moment."Maybe." 

"Seriously?" He looked up with this smirk of absolute excitement.

"Yeah, I mean...we haven't climbed the hills in forever," I almost let out a laugh, "Should be fun."

"What the hell..." He was so thrown off it was almost sad.

"I'm kidding!" I interrupted.

"You're such a buzz kill...damn. You had me hard for a second there. Then...." He made a horrendous raspberry noise, like a deflating balloon, in the crook of his arm.

"Very funny, jackass." 

"Well I'd like to..." He started laughing, "never mind." 

"No, what? You know I hate it when you do that."

"Nah, I can't." 

"You're such a jerk!" I punched him in the arm, "just tell me."

"It's the corniest thing I think I've ever thought up. It doesn't deserve a birth of words."

"Oh please...I've heard all your stupid shit. You can't hold back now."

"Well...you said I was a jackass. So, I don't know why...but the first thing that popped into my head was, jacking your ass." He almost didn't get it out before laughing, "See what happens when my brain sits for too long." He shook his head, "I'm sorry."

"For what?" I stood up and turned my backside towards him. "This ass?" I slapped my jean covered cheeks with both hands, before laughing. Although, the thought of us having sex had me a bit horny. I'd thought about it before...no doubt he had as well. 

"Marie...yes. That tight ass that you taunt me with all the time." His face was turning red. I couldn't believe he actually said it. 

"I taunt you?" I half laughed, and approached him slowly, "does this taunt you?" I undid the button of my shorts, but left it at that.

"Yes," he answered nervously, before clearing his throat.

"Why are you so nervous? It's just me."

"Yeah," he scoffed..."cause...I don't wanna screw it up." 

"What?"

"Our friendship...but...I..."

"I'm not wearing any panties," I said boldly. I watched him swallow hard, and look away for a second. "Do you wanna see?"

He looked back to me. Took in my olive green eyes first, and then trailed down to where the button was calling him, "Well, yeah...but."

"What do you mean, but? This is the most exciting thing we can do...plus we're alone...extra plus, we know each other....and...we are alone."

"You already said that."

"I wanted to make sure you had the magnitude of our situation. We are...alone."

He shifted in his seat, "I know."

"Do you wanna see?" I repeated. I knew he wanted to. 

"I do..." 

I interrupted him before he said that word again, "good. I want you to."

"We don't have to..." 

"Would you relax! I didn't say anything about us having sex." 

Of course, in my mind, that was exactly what I wanted...and I wasn't naive enough to think he didn't. Otherwise, he wouldn't have tried to thwart me, just incase he would be turned down. As if I didn't want it just as much, how could he not tell! Oh, but he knew I did...I knew him too well. He was just scared...

"You don't have to touch, you can just look," but I knew he'd touch once he saw...and I was so nervous of what I would do. It made me crazy when he touched me in a normal situation. It was a real wonder we had never even tried to date...or anything. 

The zipper was a drawn out cry for release. Slipping my hand in first, I was so wet. Chris just sat there watching me as I tasted my fingers, and then slowly slid down the shorts to reveal my beautifully smooth pussy. "What do you think?" I slowly inched the tank top up to reveal my tight stomach as well.

He was quiet at first, just staring at me. I could see him tensing. "You're beautiful...you know that."

"I didn't ask what I know...I asked what you thought."

"Marie, I want you." My belly quivered when he said that. It was exactly what I wanted to hear.

I came just a bit closer, and that's when he grabbed my ass towards him. Once in his grasp, Chris' fingertips grazed over my bare side, his left palm over my naked pussy. Then he pulled me onto him, lips searing into mine...down my neck, over my soft shoulder, leaving a trail of fire behind it. 

He touched me as if he had been deprived of me for centuries. Moving up under my tank, he let loose my perky breasts that needed no restraints. I could feel his hard cock pressing against my naked skin. I wanted him in me...no, I really needed him in me. My breasts went into his mouth, one after the other, my nipples so hard against his tongue. 

I sucked on his neck, and made for his ear, "Chris, fuck me." I barely whimpered, afraid if I spoke too loudly I would moan with the pleasure that was taking over my body. 

He wasted no time. Rising with me wrapped around him, Chris' palms kneaded my ass, and I sucked on his lips as we moved quickly to my room. The unmade double bed welcomed us, and he lowered me down, staying with me for only a second longer. Stading, he removed his shirt, and I tore off my tank completely. Then, the jingle of his undone belt clasp made my heart race. I took hold of it, pulling the length from the loops, and tossed it to the floor. Chris smiled when I moved to unzip him. He kissed my forehead, and I offered up my lips while my hand went to release his cock.

He let out a sensual groan into my mouth when I gripped him. It sent tingles down my body and up again. I let him loose and watched his eyes for a moment, and then...I kissed the head of his cock. In and out of my heated mouth, slowly at first. When he told me not to stop, I went faster, my hand and lips making a rhythmic dance around his shaft, and he loved it. Then Chris gripped my wrists, and I looked up to his face, momentarily frozen in gaze. 

His hands began to explore my body slowly, and he stepped out of his shorts when I pushed them down completely. Coming towards me, forcing me down onto the bed, he settled between my thighs. Skin against skin was amazing with Chris. There was an electric field between us, and I had to keep touching him. Every nerve in my body was screaming with the most amazing pleasure. 

After a kiss on my lips, he moved down my body. Over my breasts, lower...and lower, slowly...until his lips traced kisses around my clit. I was breathing heavy with the built up tension and anticipation, hums of satisfaction vibrating up my throat. He kissed and sucked it lightly, over and over again until my back arched, ushering in the orgasm. Then he stopped, leaving my body throbbing, wanting, and needing him. 

"Chris...please don't stop." 

"You ready for me?" He asked, stroking his cock. 

"Yes." I pleaded. 

Chris locked me in a trance, and circled my wet pussy with the head of his cock. Sank in, just the tip, then pulled out. My body arched up to him, I wanted more...all of him. He inched back in slowly, kissed my lips, cheeks, neck... and it didn't take long. I was so wet with want, he filled me perfectly. He started his rhythm, slow and deliberate, deep and satisfying. I leaned up to Chris for a kiss, and he gripped my hips firmly. Wrapping my legs around him, I pulled him closer, and he plunged deeper into me. 

I took his whole weight on top of me now, and welcomed the pressure, holding him tight so that he would stay with me. He sucked on my neck while fucking me hard now, and there was no holding back. My orgasm rippled through me, over and over, building to the ultimate climax. He stayed with it until I was coming back down, and then pulled out, just over the brink of needing release. I went to him without hesitation, and the taste of my pussy on his cock made me suck him intensively. A moment longer and he came down my throat with a growling moan. I swallowed all of it, and there was a lot...a whole lot. I loved it. 

Our sweaty bodies stuck to each other in the most pleasant of ways when he held me close. It was so damn hot! Taking full advantage of being alone, we laid together, silent and uncovered for the longest time. There was just nothing to say, I mean...what could I say after that? Well...I did have one question...

"Why haven't we tried this before?" He smiled, kissed my forehead, and squeezed me closer. 

"Probably cause I'm a chicken shit...and I would have screwed everything up." He was always so negative. If he only knew what I felt for him...way before this. I hoped he wasn't right about it ruining out friendship...nah. It could only make it better...at least I hoped. 

"So...you mean to tell me that we could have been having fun all this time, but because you are an ass, I've had to wait for you?" 

"Oh please...you've had sex before. Probably more then me."

"Well...I've played around...but I've never had...'sexual intercourse'." I imitated one of our teachers, and Chris laughed. 

"How do you get her voice so perfect? All the time...man, I'm jealous." 

"It's a gift."I smiled wide with amusement. 

"But...wait, you went out with Tim." He chuckled nervously.

"Yeah....no. He was such a...blaaah. I know everyone thinks that, 'cause he told his friends, and yaddah yaddah. You know how it is."

"Oh...sorry about that. Kevin...I know you had to do something with Kevin. Rob, Mark? None of them?" 

"Nope. But Kevin was my first BJ, and Rob the first to finger me....he was so nice."

"Oh, fuck...TMI...damn, Marie. I don't wanna hear that crap." 

"Oh, grow up....anyway, that's why the relationships were so short. I mean, they can't even be considered relationships really. Once...'sexual intercourse' came into a conversation, I dropped 'em. I felt kind of bad about that...but..."

"Damn...damn," he interrupted, "Well, why didn't you ever say anything to me?" 

"I don't know! You always seemed to have a girlfriend...and do you honestly think I was gonna come up to you and say 'Hey, Chris...wanna fuck?'...I figured you only saw me as a friend, I guess."

"Well...you didn't have to start dry humping me in public, but you could have made some subtle hints...or something."

"Well...if you wanted to, why didn't you say something to me? I mean, you're the guy. Guys do that, girls don't." 

"But...you basically just did what girls supposedly don't do...and there are plenty who do. You were the initiator of this whole thing," He laughed. 

"No, you started it with your sex reference, wanting me to wash your car...by saying you wanted to jack my ass. You got me all horny and you know...well, now you know what happens to me when I get horny." 

"So none of your dudes got you horny? I can't believe you've never had sex before. I think you're lying." He laughed.

"I wouldn't lie to you, Chris. I've just played around a whole lot...and I have a toy. And it's not that they didn't get me horny...I just...I didn't want them. How many did you sleep with?" 

He chuckled nervously. "You don't want to know that."

"Really...I do." 

Chris smirked, "No." 

"Was it a lot?" 

He laughed at me, and looked away.

"Oh my gosh! It's that many? You're a man whore! I can't believe you've kept this from me," I chuckled.

"What...no, no....it's just embarrassing."

"What, none? Oh, it has to be at least one. Chris...you're no virgin." 

"Two...but we fucked around a whole lot," he smiled wide at the thought, "especially my second." 

"Well, okay then...but that's fine Chris, I mean...god. It's not that cool to be a man whore anyway...really. It's a turn off." 

"So...where's your toy?" He smirked with the change of subject. 

"Oh no, that's just for me. You have your own tool...if you want some more of me, you can figure something out." 

"I thought it could, just...join me in my exploration of you." He squeezed my ass and gave me...perv eyes is all I can call them. 

"Oh...eww, Chris. No way." I pulled away from him, and sat on the edge of the bed. I looked back to him, and he had this terribly crafty smirk, eying me up. I just laughed, shaking my head. 

It was so hot! I had to do something. Maybe swimming was a good idea after all. I jumped up and grabbed a suit. If it had been dark, I would have went in without, but the neighbors saw enough of me as it was. 

"I thought you didn't wanna swim," He laughed, as I turned for him to tie the back of my green bikini. "I don't know why you're bothering with this though. I'm just gonna pull it off. I've always wanted to," he laughed childishly. I loved that about him...sometimes. 

"Oh, no you will not. That dude that lives behind us is creepy, and he always looks out for me."

"Ugh...you should call someone."

"And what am I gonna say?" I laughed, "Nah, he's harmless...I think. It's not like he's ever tried to talk to me or anything. He just...watches. Plus, he's married." 

He laughed at shock in me, "Like that means anything...but whatever." He groaned, walking through my house naked...as if it were the most normal thing. If my parents were to walk in, I have no idea what they would say. They would either laugh it off, or turn away, mortified. Maybe a bit of both. Thankfully there was no way that would happen.

I wondered if they thought that we were together, though..they had no problem with him staying...ever. They couldn't be dumb enough to think we wouldn't try anything...even though we never had in the past, but now...they had to have some idea. Not like it mattered, I mean, they always liked Chris anyway. 

So, as the fish we were, Chris and I swam and played...and...played in my large built in pool for hours. I loved that thing, the best decision my parents ever made. Then I sunned for a while until the wind picked up. When I sat with a chill, Chris was still sleeping on a tube, drifting lazily around the pool. 

I felt eyes on me, and sure enough...the creeper was sitting on his deck. It was just high enough to see over our privacy fence. He had it built the summer after he moved in, I knew he had done it on purpose, and wondered if it was even legal to be that high. His beautiful, half naked wife, sunbathed right next to him....but I guess she wasn't enough for him, and I wondered if he was a cheater. Maybe just an opportunist...I really didn't want to know.

Quickly covering up with a towel, I called for Chris. Startled, he fell off the tube, and came up with a whoop of surprise. No doubt the water was cold after laying in the sun. Dripping wet, he came for me and my towel, pulling it open to wrap it around both of us. "Don't," I whispered as he tried to kiss me. 

"What..." he laughed confused, "Why?" He pulled his shades up so I could see his eyes. 

"The creeper is watching, that's why," I whispered. 

"Like I care," he said louder then I would have preferred, and grabbed my face lovingly, kissing me full on the lips. 

"I don't want him to see," I said when I got the chance.

His reply was to pick me up, and throw me over his shoulder. "You're my woman!" He joked, and I began to laugh now. Chris grunted like a cave man, slapping my ass. When I looked up, the creeper was heading in, a hand on his wife's bare shoulder...one last glance my way with a smile, before sliding the glass door shut. I could only guess that Chris and I wouldn't be the only ones having fun that night.

It was warm in the house, but in a good way. The breeze that flooded in through the open windows was perfect. I refused to put the AC on, I needed real air. Chris wanted to kill me for that, but I could care less. He carried me all the way to my room, and flopped me on the bed before leaving me there. I didn't question as he left me alone.

He was a tall, broad shouldered guy. Not exactly muscular, but thick in the best of ways, and he was very strong. I liked it, and I loved his eyes. Gold and chestnut, with a hint of this grayish green. Even more, I loved the way he looked at me with those eyes. And those lips...so taunting...and his hands, to die for. So masculine, and rough...but gentle with me. I adored the way he touched me. We were crazy not to get together before this...but we had something good, so why complain? 

"So..." is all he said at first, standing in the doorway with dry shorts on now. 

I prompted him to continue, "What?"

"So, what do we do now?" I had to laugh, he was so cute.

"I thought I was, your woman?" I joked, sitting up. He came closer, thank God! 

"Do you want to be?" He asked nervously. 

"Of course. I wouldn't have let you have me if I didn't want." 

"Oh really. So, are we an open thing then, or a secret thing? It sucks we waited so long...now we're gonna be in different schools, and apart. You're gonna meet some cool dude..." 

"And you some cool chick then?" I interrupted with a laugh, "If I say I want you, then I'm not gonna go jump the first guy that walks past me."

"Well, me either, but shit happens." 

"We can cross that bridge when we get there...I don't want to think about that, when we just decided that we want to be with each other. How about we focus on staying together, rather then worrying about things ripping up apart. Sound good to you?" 

I sat on my knees and motioned for him to come to me. When he was in my arms, I kissed his cheek, and his chin, and then his lips. I was gonna do whatever I wanted with him now. There was no holding back for me, because I had wanted it for so long. With all the things we talked about...you would think this conversation would have come up, and it seemed like the worse time. We would make it work, or we wouldn't. Either way, it was worth a try.
