 This story was inspired by a quaint lingerie boutique nestled in a small rocky mountain town. Its characters are fictitious. But if you are interested in having a look at their web site drop me a line and I would be happy to send it to you.

* * * * *

After nine months of thesis assignments and seemingly unending research, the summer break could not have come soon enough.

Even the two weeks of just letting the mind come to terms with relaxing seemed a chore. So now it was time to work and save up for the next round of schooling.

The advertisement in the newspaper sounded like the perfect opportunity for Jennifer.

Indoors, air conditioned, and off the beaten path as to afford, in her mind the avoidance of an unrelenting convergence of vacation shoppers.

A lingerie store, how hard could it be, welcome the customer, show them to the fittings room, and then ring them up. So simple, it seemed to be on the surface. 

But the underlying and so far undiscovered awakening of her sexuality is something that she never seen coming. 

It was Monday morning and the faint memory of barhopping with Sarah still lingered. It was an enjoyable evening, a nice dinner and much reminiscing of what each had been up to for the past nine months. 

It was the usual scene, smoky and the band was not the best being it was a Sunday night, and crowded with the beginnings of summer tourist traffic. But times being what they are, having to deal with the advances of many men who seemed to be on the hunt for someone to keep them warm that night.

Jennifer is a pretty girl; 5'-5" 115 lbs. long auburn hair and green eyes that changed with her mood, the gray highlights intensity used as the indicator, and a figure that would make most men and even a few women stop a moment to take a second glance. She never flaunted the fact, and generally just took it all in stride. 

The universities curriculum gave her little time to follow the general unpublished courses of extra curricular activity, although that indulgence was enjoyed amongst the majority of the students attending. 

Sarah had chosen to pursue a business degree in another state, and Jennifer had decided to attend a university about four hours from home. Both girls had been friends since grade school and to this day still could talk for hours on end about anything, and a lot of times about nothing that seemed in any way important. They enjoyed each other's company a lot, and could confide in each other completely and without worry.

But now it was time to take responsibility and find something that would help ease the financial burden of attending school fulltime for another year.

Sitting at the table in an empty house with a piece of toast and coffee to tide her over till lunch she scanned the classified section seeing what might be a possible starting point for the days job search.

The normal attire in the morning was a medium length T-shirt and panty, and today was no different. With one leg curled beneath her and the other dangling loosely she leafed through the somewhat limited prospects offered that might interested her. There were plenty of outdoor tourist assistance, and food service jobs. She wanted something that wouldn't be so much like everything she always remembered of summers past. 

As if written in gold ink the advertisement appeared before her eyes. 

