  Chapter 4 Negotiating



Characters:
Victor Thomas: College student, age nineteen 
Brian Thomas: College student, age eighteen
Tuck Tucker: Owns three restaurants, age fifty-five (Franco Touchily) 
Elizabeth Tucker; The Witch, Tuck's second wife, age Thirty-two
Betty: Bookkeeper, petite, meek, age thirty-seven
Trudy: Office worker, age twenty. Large eyes are her distinguishing feature. 
Vera Tucker: Tuck's first wife and mother of his daughters. Age forty-three
Eric: Restaurant Manager and fiancée of Caroline Tucker
Caroline Tucker: Tuck's older daughter, age twenty-three
Sarah Tucker; Tuck's younger daughter, age Twenty-one
Melinda: Housekeeper in Tucker home, Black, goes by Missy, age Twenty-eight
Salvatore: Tuck's cousin, manager of Tuck-South



Missy got on the bed with me and we had a long talk. I told her my name was Brian Thomas and I'd taken my brother's place because, at the last minute, he preferred to remain at home for the summer instead of taking the job his professor had arranged for him. 

"It's our secret, okay?" I asked, and Missy nodded her head. 

"How old are you, really?" she asked.

"Eighteen, but that's our secret, too, okay?"

Again, she nodded, and that prompted me to ask the big question. 

"Elizabeth is very concerned you'll tell Tuck what you saw last night. What do you want from her to keep your mouth shut about it?"

"I don't know. What do you think I should ask for?"

I told her that I had no idea what she could get from Elizabeth, which was a lie. I knew damn well that Elizabeth would pay almost anything to avoid her husband finding out that she had cheated on him. I felt partially responsible for her getting into the situation she found herself in, and wanted to help her if I could. I had as much at stake as her. Being sent home in disgrace wouldn't set well with my parents. It would also put me at odds with my brother. I didn't give a shit if his professor retaliated against him, but I did care if Vic retaliated against me.

Missy had been watching me as I worked out a plan. I leaned over, and kissed her, making her smile, contentedly. She really wasn't a contentious person. I believed that she didn't know how much her silence was worth to Elizabeth.

"How many days do you have off?" I asked.

"I'm supposed to get Mondays off, but sometimes I have to work, like last Monday when you were coming. I had to work that day."

"How often does that happen?" I asked.

"Often," she said. "They owe me five days right now."

"Five days?" I asked, irate that the Tuckers would treat a worker that way. No wonder she had been anxious to have sex with me. The poor girl had no life for herself. 

Tuck didn't work many hours at all, and Elizabeth was taking the weekend off. I was angry that they wanted me to work seven days a week, too.

"Perhaps there's a solution that will be suitable to all of us," I said, and watched Missy nod her head. I leaned over, and kissed her again before continuing. She prolonged the kiss, and I knew she would be agreeable to my suggestions.

"You've got the missus by the short hairs. No telling what Tuck would do if he found out what you saw," I said, and watched Missy nod.

"What do you think he would do to me?" I asked, and saw alarm cross her face, like she hadn't considered the consequences to me.

"I could say it was someone else that fucked the missus," she suggested.

"You'd make up a name, and he'd see right through your story. Then he would come to me, and ask who I'd seen his wife with. You don't want to put me on the spot, do you?"

Missy shook her head, and I decided she deserved another kiss. 

"This is what I think you should ask for. Beginning now, you get every Monday off, regardless of what emergency arises, and...this is a big and..." I said, pausing for effect. 

Missy frowned. So far, I had given her nothing that she wasn't already entitled to.

"You get unrestricted access to me on your day off, plus Wednesday and Friday nights."

This drew her interest, but I don't believe she grasped the full significance of what I'd said. I decided to kiss her again before clarifying the details of the offer. "That means you can spend all day on Monday, plus Wednesday and Friday nights here with me."

Missy proved that she was no dummy. "How long will you be here?" she asked.

"All summer," I said, as if it was an eternity.

"I don't know. I was expecting more," she said.

"Do you want to think about it or do you want to start tonight, this being Friday night?" I asked. 

"I want to start tonight," she said.

"Good, let me go up to the house, and square it away with the missus. I'm going to tell her that you've already forgotten everything you saw in the past, and that you'll not watch if the missus happens to come to the cottage the other nights."

The terms, as I stated them, clearly upset Missy. "That means I only get you three nights and she gets four," she complained. 

"On the contrary, Missy, remember, you get me all day on Monday, plus all three nights, unrestricted. Her time with me will be restricted to nights when Tuck is not home. She wouldn't dare come to the cottage when he's here."

"Oh, right," she said, satisfied, almost. "You told your brother that you fucked her at the office today. It's not fair to me if she uses you any time she wants."

"Today was an exception, Missy. There are usually other people in the office. I fucked her at the office so she wouldn't need to come here tonight. We only did it once. I was saving myself for you."

Missy looked thoughtful. "She's the boss's wife. She can arrange to be alone with you in the office anytime she wants."

"That's not the case, Missy. It's a busy place. We had to lock the door, and send telephone calls to the answering machine. Besides, it's not very comfortable doing it on the desk. We got some of my cum on the carpet. I don't think it will happen again."

"Do you promise?" she asked, watching me closely.

"I promise that it will not happen again on one of your days," I assured her.

"You got cum on the carpet?" she asked, a smile forming at the corner of her lips.

"Yeah, that's why I don't believe she'll want to do it in the office again."

"You promise?"

"Yes," I said as I put my hand on her knee, and slid it up her inner thigh. 

Missy rolled onto her back, and when my hands reached her pussy she pulled her skit up so she could see my finger being inserted between the lips. 

I loved the expression on Missy's face as she watched me play with her pussy. She smiled when she saw that I was watching her. I smiled back at her, and then focused my attention on the way my thumb was massaging her clit. 

Missy's eyes widened, and her breath was coming in short gasps as her upper teeth covered her lower lip. I inserted my middle finger as far as it would go. I heard another gasp as Missy let go of her dress and pulled me down with one hand while using the other hand to hold my finger inside her. . .

I was concerned that my weight was impeding her breathing, but Missy held me close, my chest against hers, and my finger inserted in her pussy. She giggled when my thumb tapped her clit. 

"Do you want me to take off my clothes?" she asked when her breathing permitted her to talk.

"Not yet, we need to talk to the missus," I said, and felt her body go rigid. 

"Do I have to go with you?" she asked.

"She needs to hear your demands, and she'll want to hear you say that you've forgotten what you saw last night."

"Can't you tell her what I want, and that I won't tell Tuck what I saw?"

"Don't worry, Missy. I'll do the talking. All you have to do is nod to show the missus that you agree with what I tell her."

"What do you think she'll say?" Missy asked as she got off the bed, and smoothed her skirt.

"She may say it's too much at first, but she'll change her mind when she sees that we're serious."

"Okay, Brian, I hope you're right."

"Please forget that my name is Brian. It'll be safer if you call me Victor," I said.

"Okay, Victor," she said.

We both laughed when we saw her panties on the floor where she'd discarded them when I asked her to take them off. 

"We're coming back, right?" she asked. I took her hand, and assured her that we would be back soon. We left the panties on the floor, and walked to the house.

"What does Tuck do when he comes home after lunch?" I asked, and felt her body stiffen.

"Let's not talk about that right now, Victor," Missy said. I put my arm around her to assure her that it could wait until another time. But she must have known that I wouldn't let it rest for long. The way she'd reacted to my question merely whetted my curiosity. 

We found Elizabeth Tucker in the playroom. She turned the television off, and took her empty glass to the bar. "Would you like something to drink?" she asked us.

I looked at Missy, who was obviously shocked that her employer would offer us a drink. 

"Missy would like one," I answered for her and when Missy said what she wanted, I told Elizabeth that we'd both like scotch and water.

"That's what I'm having," Elizabeth said, placing ice into three glasses.

After handing us our drinks, Elizabeth took her seat, and motioned for us to sit down. 

"Missy saw us in the pool last night, and she knows what we were doing," I began.

"How could she know unless you told her," Elizabeth, the Witch, lashed out at me, her eyes darting in the direction of Missy and back at me.

"You're right, Elizabeth. I told her that I fucked you in the pool. I also told her that I fucked you in the cottage, and again today at the office."

Elizabeth's hand was trembling as she raised her glass to take a long drink of scotch. Missy was sampling her drink, too. I hadn't touched my drink.

"Missy's willing to forget everything she saw if you are willing to meet her demands," I said, watching Elizabeth lower her glass, and gaze at me. 

"She didn't see anything. She had nothing until you opened your big mouth. You're the one who's going to be in trouble with my husband. I'll say that you lied. He'll believe me."

"Missy saw you go into the cottage with me. How will you explain that to your husband?"

Elizabeth's eyes darted from me to the bar. "I went in the cottage to get a towel. It's perfectly explainable."

Missy had drained her glass, and was shaking the ice around. 

"You were naked, Elizabeth. Missy found your swimsuit in the towel closet."

Missy shook the ice around in her empty glass. Otherwise, the room was silent. 

"What does she want?" Elizabeth asked in a low voice that I had to strain my ears to hear. 

"Missy wants every Monday off, regardless of whatever emergency arises. She also wants to be paid for the five days you owe her," I said, and paused to get Elizabeth's reaction. 

Elizabeth sighed, like she couldn't believe how simple this was going to be. "That won't be a problem. I'll get my checkbook," she said.

"Sit down, Elizabeth. We're not finished," I said. She sat down, and I continued. "Missy wants to be with me on her day off, plus Wednesday and Friday nights."

"Monday, Wednesday and Friday nights?" she asked. 

"That would be all day and all night on Monday, plus Wednesday and Friday nights," I said and watched Elizabeth bristle. 

"That's not possible. My husband would never agree to it. He needs you to drive for him."

"Who drives him around when I'm not here?" I asked. 

"Trudy, but she..."

"Trudy can take him anyplace he wants to go on Monday," I said.

Elizabeth was quiet, contemplative. "Suppose I could make it possible for you to have Mondays off. I would need something in return."

"What's that?" I asked, thinking we were close to coming to terms. 

"I'll need Melinda to stay out of my panty drawer," Elizabeth said, looking at me.

"I don't know. Let's ask her. Missy, will you be willing to...wait a minute, how do you know she goes through your panty drawer?" I asked Elizabeth.

"I just know," Elizabeth said, and then to Missy, "You wear my panties when I'm not here, don't you, Melinda?"

Missy nodded, but wouldn't speak. She jiggled the ice in her glass. I handed my drink to her, and she accepted it, looking grateful. 

"Tell Mrs. Tucker that you won't even open her panty drawer in future, Missy," I said, and was met with a violent shake of her head. 

"She says no, Elizabeth," I said, stating the obvious.

"Then I say no also," Elizabeth said, and that was the end of our discussion. We were at an impasse. I'd been so close to having my Monday's off, only to be foiled by two obstinate females. 

Missy was a bundle of nerves. It took me an hour to settle her down. She let me undress her, and she let me kiss her, but she wouldn't kiss me back. We got on the bed and I pulled the sheet up over us. 

"Tell me why wearing her panties is so important to you,' I said, almost pleading with her. I'd been so close to cutting a deal with Elizabeth, only to have it blow up in my face.

Missy's only answer was to reach for my hand and place it at the junction between her legs. I took my time, tickling the small amount of pubic hair that remained above her opening, teasing her slit with my middle finger, and tapping her clit with my thumb. She pulled on my cock, wanting to insert it into her pussy and it only took one more pull for me to succumb to her wishes.

We fucked for thirty minutes, slowly, expending little effort, wanting to make it last as long as we could. At one point I buried my cock, and let her contract and release the inner walls of her pussy. She had tremendous control, and I was afraid she would squeeze the cum right out of my balls. When she felt that I was close to cumming, Missy gave me a toothy grin, placed her hands on my ass, and urged me to speed up. I pushed into her as deep and fast as I could, and she pushed back with the same urgency. 

Missy was a strong girl, and when I collapsed, gasping to regain my breathing, she easily rolled me onto my back, and hovered above me. Her breasts were dangling an inch from my chest. I followed her eyes to see what was occupying her attention. Between her breasts, past her stomach, and down to her pussy, I saw that she was watching a glob of my cum, which was poised to fall at any moment. 

Missy looked up at me, grinned, and lowered her head again. We were spellbound, waiting for the glue-like substance to dislodge itself from the cavern that had been its haven a minute before. I saw movement, and realized that she was pushing more cum out of her pussy, making the glob bigger. When it finally fell, she lowered her tits to my chest and giggled, uncontrollably. I ran my hands over her back, down to her ass, and back up. 

"Are you protected?" I asked.

For the second time that evening, I felt Missy's body stiffen. She rolled off me and lay on her back. "You got nothing to worry about," she said.

Realizing I'd hit a sore spot, I apologized. "I'm sorry, Missy. I didn't mean to upset you."

She didn't acknowledge my apology. "Missy, I trusted you with my secret. You can trust me. Let it out; you'll feel better. I'm a good listener. Remember, you know my real identity. If I ever, ever, ever, divulge your secret, you could bury me. That's the kind of trust I'm talking about."

We lay on our backs, and listened to each other breath. There was nothing more I could add. Either she would see the logic in what I'd told her, or she wasn't as smart as I gave her credit for being. I heard her sigh, and wondered if she'd decided to get up and leave.

And then I felt her cheek next to mine. It was damp. I felt her breast on my chest and her pubic hairs tickle my thigh. I put my hand on her back, and felt her snuggle closer.

"I trust you, Brian. I'm ten years older than you, and I've never let a white boy touch me before. No man has ever touched me the way you've touched me. I knew you were shitting me when you gave me that line about being a weak swimmer. But I was curious, and wanted to try mouth to mouth with you. I'm going to call you Brian, just for tonight. Is that okay with you, Brian?"

I moved my hand down her back, and patted her on the ass. She giggled and said, "I guess that means you trust me." I patted her ass again to show her that she was correct; I trusted her.

Her voice became raspy, and I had trouble hearing what she was telling me. "I had a baby when I was eighteen. My momma made me give it up."

"I'm sorry, Missy. You don't have to tell me any more," I said, holding her tightly, wanting to comfort her.

"Hit me on the ass again, Brian," she pleaded. 

I smacked her ass.

"Harder," she said, and I obliged her with a mighty slap of my hand. She rewarded me with a long kiss that included the sucking of my bottom lip into her mouth before she returned her cheek next to mine, and continued to whisper into my ear.

"I had two more babies before I was twenty-one. That's when I consented to have my tubes tied. So like I say, Brian, you don't have anything to worry about."

Missy became quiet, seemingly content to be held. I rubbed her back and gave her an occasional slap on the butt. Each time I slapped her ass, she would respond with a brief kiss, carefully lowering her breasts to my chest and her cheek next to mine. It became a game, slap, kiss, followed by breast and cheek contact. 

Several questions flooded my mind. What happened to the babies? Had she continued to be sexually active? Why didn't she have a man in her life? Why was she working for the Tuckers?

I was becoming hard, but wanted to conceal it from her because I wanted to change the subject. It was almost like she'd read my mind. What was her fascination with Elizabeth's panties?

"It's him, not me," she began. "He goes into her panty drawer and makes me put them on."

"My God, Missy, why didn't you tell us that?"

"He warned me not to tell. I trust you, Brian. I know you won't tell. He would kill us."

This was the second time I'd heard that Tuck was dangerous enough to commit murder. "Did he actually use those words? Did he say he would kill you?"

"Not exactly," she said. "But I've worked here a long time, way before the missus came, and I've seen things."

"This is very important, Missy. Have you seen things happen that made you frightened?"

"I trust you, Brian, but I don't want you to get hurt. That's why I can't tell you."

"I see," I said, slapping her on the ass, feeling her tongue trace my lips before she sucked my lower lip into her mouth, feeling her breasts being lowered to my chest and her cheek rest against mine. 

Tuck was the one that selected the panties from his wife's drawer that she wanted Missy to wear. He had warned her not to tell anyone about his fetish. That's what precluded Missy from admitting to Elizabeth that she'd worn her panties. 

What was I going to do? I couldn't tell Elizabeth that it wasn't Missy taking her panties without destroying Missy's trust. And for the same reason, I couldn't confront Tuck about the very thing that was getting Missy in trouble with his wife.

"What does Tuck do when you wear Elizabeth's panties?" I asked, hoping she would trust me enough to give me an answer.

"He beats off," she said. 

I couldn't help laughing. "Is that all? Does he want you to do anything besides wear the panties?"

Missy raised herself up and peered down at me. "It's not funny. I have to go around the house in the panties, and that silly apron."

"That's all you wear? How long does this go on?"

"I never know how long it will be. Sometimes, he passes out before he gets off. Other times, we have to stop when the missus is coming home."

"Stop what?" I asked. "Do you have sex with him?"

"I told you that you're the first white boy that I've let touch me. Tuck likes for me to jiggle my tits, and raise the apron so he can see the panties he makes me wear. He says it helps him get hard."
