 It was after six o'clock when I finally packed up my briefcase and walked out of the office.  My marking load had increased steadily as the end of the school year approached and I had to stay later and later every day to get it done.  In a few weeks I was sure I'd be there until eight, or later.  So I trudged down the hallway heading home to my empty apartment.

I had been teaching high school English for three years now and to be honest it was not as rewarding as I had hoped it would be.  When I decided that I wanted to be a teacher it was for the most altruistic reasons.  I wanted to help mold young people's minds, I wanted to help them on their way to bigger and better things, to make a difference in their lives.  Thus far I had seen no evidence that I had accomplished any of those things.  It left me feeling bitter and a little resentful towards students and because of that I had earned somewhat of a reputation among the student body as being a hard ass.  Some wit from a past semester had even taken the liberty of giving me a nickname that I hear whispered in all my classes: Stonewall.  

On top of my lack of job satisfaction I was 25 and single with no prospects on the horizon.  I went home to my bachelor apartment every night, ate a frozen dinner while I watched TV or did some more marking and then went to bed early.  On the whole I suppose I was not to happy with the way my life was going and only too willing to take some of that unhappiness out on any student who tried to bend the rules, or got on my bad side for one reason or another.

So this was the state of mind I was in as I walked down the empty hallways, devoid of all other human beings except for the cleaning staff.  I parked my car around the back of the school at the very rear of the teacher's parking lot and the fastest way to get there was by cutting through the change rooms and the gym.  The halls were silent as I walked along, each step I took punctuated by the echo of my footfalls on the tile floor.  The girls change room was closest to the main foyer so I decided to cut through it to get to the gym.  Even though the last bell had rung three hours ago I stuck my head in cautiously because I knew there was a cheerleading practice after school.  I shook myself for a moment and then got a little annoyed.  That practice would have been over long ago, what was I thinking tip-toeing around an empty locker room.  I walked in and started towards the double doors at the far end.

I was about halfway there when I heard a sound.  I stopped and listened.  For a moment there was nothing..... and then the sound of sneakers squeaking on the tile floor.  Someone was sneaking around in the locker room.  I figured it was probably some of the first year guys on a dare, or a bet to get a girl's underwear from one of the lockers.  "All right!"  I called out, my voice echoing in the nearly empty room.  "I know you're in here so come out right now!"  There was the sound of hushed whispers and then more squeaking from a row of lockers to my right.  In a moment two figures came into view looking a little worried of what was going to happen to them.  It was not any freshmen boys though, it was a couple of senior cheerleaders.

I knew them.  They were both in my grade twelve compulsory English class, Carolyn and Allison, and they sat together in the very back row.  Carolyn was also in my creative writing elective course.  "Well girls I know that there was a cheerleading practice today, but it looks like it's been over for some time.  So why don't you tell me why you two are still here?"  The girls shifted from foot to foot, their heads hung while Allison played nervously with a stray thread on her cheerleading uniform.  Carolyn brushed a lock of her long honey blonde hair out of her eyes and looked up.

"Well you see Mr. Gordon, Allison and I were working on a special routine for the big game in a couple of weeks and we were having a tough time with it.  So we asked Ms. Paulson if we could stay being and work on it and she said it was okay."  I looked them over carefully to see if they were lying to me.  I could tell that they had been active from the sweat that stood out on their arms and foreheads and by how it made their uniforms cling to their bodies... molding to their stomachs and breasts...  - What was I doing?  These were students and young girls I shouldn't be having thoughts like that about them.  I composed myself and started them down.

"That may very well be Miss Havesham, but it is against school regulations for students to remain on school property after hours without being supervised by a member of the faculty."  I paused.  "You'll both have to go."  Allison jerked her head up and protested,

"No, Mr. Gordon!  We have to work on this routine!  We have to get it done!"

"Don't take that tone with me Miss Sternwood, I should have you both put on report for this,"  Both girls looked very nervous now.  Carolyn chewed at her bottom lip in a way that was slightly arousing.  My adrenaline was flowing now and my eyes darted back and forth over the two girls,

"Yes under the circumstances I think that I am going to have to put you girls on report with the principal for this violation."  The sweat trickled down their slender necks and well muscled legs.... - Stop it!  I told myself.  Carolyn stepped forward,

"You can't do that, Mr. Gordon!", she said with horror.  "We'll be suspended from the squad if we're put on report!"  Her breathing became a little laboured as she thought of what might happen and that caused her breasts to heave up and down.....

"I can and I will, Miss Havesham." I said firmly.  I looked over at Allison who was still nervously tugging at the same thread on her top.  "Oh for God's sake, Miss Sternwood!"  I reached over to pull the thread off and Allison must have though I was going to pull her out of the room so she darted away and collided with Carolyn and both of them fell into me and we all went crashing to the floor in a heap.  When the dust cleared, so to speak, Allison was sprawled on top of me pinning me against Carolyn who was underneath me.  None of us moved for what seemed like forever.  We were all breathing heavily and I could feel the rise and fall of Carolyn's breasts as they surged against my chest.  Allison had put her hands out to brace herself as she fell and one of them was now pressed tightly against my crotch.  The close proximity of these two young, attractive girls and my frustration that had been growing for months caused a stirring in my groin and my cock began to grow inside my pants.  I held my breath and tried to will the coming erection away, but it would have none of that and it kept swelling, creating a very noticeable lump in my pants, directly under Allison's hand.

I had to get out of that situation fast in case one of the cleaning staff came in and saw it.  I tried to get up, but I still had Allison on my back so I just fell back down crushing Carolyn's full tits against me.  Allison, afraid of falling put her hands out and one grabbed a hold of my stiffening member.  I gasped sharply as I felt her fingers clutch me and I couldn't help it as groan escaped my lips.  Carolyn looked up at me as my eyelids fluttered and I saw her smile.  Allison rubbed my crotch again and I pushed myself up, rolling her off me.  I staggered over to a row of lockers and leaned against them trying to catch my breath and hide my rapidly expanding bulge.  The girls looked at each other and exchanged a grin and then got up and walked over to me.  Carolyn stood in front of me, her body only inches away,

"We really don't want you to report us, Mr. Gordon," she said mischievously.  "If you could find it in your heart to let us off with a warning we'd be willing to help you with your problem."  My face was flushed and I was still panting,

"What little problem, Miss Havesham?" I asked hoping she would just let the matter drop.  Instead she took a step forward,

"This one," she said as she reached out and squeezed my cock through my slacks.  Her eyes got wide, "Oh, I guess it's not so little at all is it?"  She slowly milked my hard dick with her hand and I groaned.  It had been so long since a woman had touched me there that I almost lost control.  Allison licked her pink lips as she watched her friend.  I exerted the last ounce of willpower I had left,

"Ladies... we can't do this..."

"Oh yes we can."  purred Carolyn bringing her face closer to mine.  Her warm, wet lips touched mine and I lost it.  I kissed her back, hotly and roughly, our mouths open, our tongues playing with each other.  I grabbed a hold of her full, firm tits and squeezed them while she gripped my cock harder.  Allison crept up beside me and started planting small wet kisses along my neck.  Then suddenly she grabbed my free hand and shoved it up under her skirt.  Under normal circumstances I would have been shocked, but not now... she wasn't wearing any panties.  I stroked her bare pussy with my fingers feeling the wetness being to seep out.  She began to mew like a little kitten and nuzzle her head against my neck, moving her kisses to my cheek.

Carolyn unzipped my pants and reached inside to pull my cock out and play with it.  Figuring turn about was fair play I took my hand off her chest and stuck it under her skirt as well and surprise, surprise she wasn't wearing any panties either so I started to finger her wet snatch too.  I was beginning to think that maybe these girls hadn't been working on a cheerleading routine after all, but now was not the time to worry about that.  With some effort Carolyn managed to unfasten my pants and push them and my boxers to the floor and the she gasped a little.  She moved back from me, pulling my fingers from her pussy in the process, to get a better look at my cock.  Allison looked down and backed off too and said softly, almost in awe, "So it's true."  I chuckled a little to myself as they started at my stiff cock.  Somehow or another, it had circulated around the school that I was rather well endowed and although to the student body it was just a rumor, most of them would never have guessed that it was true.  I stood before the girls now, naked from the waist down, with my cock standing proud and tall at 9 inches in length and about 2 1/2 inches thick.  

Carolyn's mouth was watering as she stepped up and knelt before me.  She wrapped her hand around it her fingers encircling my shaft and barely meeting on the other side.  For a moment she just started at it and the slowly, she began to slide her hand up and down my cock with a firm, determined grip.  As she pumped my tool Allison walked back over to me, shedding her top as she came.  She wasn't wearing a bra and I went right to work sucking on her breasts.   She had small tits, but they were pointy and firm each one capped by a hard pink nipple that stood at attention.  I eagerly swirled my tongue around each of the hard nubs, making sure to lick the puffy aureoles too.  She mewed and hummed tossing her head back and forth her long black ponytail swinging as she did.  First I sucked one and then the other, alternating every few seconds so she couldn't focus on the pleasure, just experience it.

Meanwhile on the floor Carolyn was milking my cock with both her hands now and licking her lips in anticipation.  Then suddenly she stuck out her tongue and started licking the fat head of my dick.  The sensation went through me like a bolt of lightning and I lost a little bit of my balance.  I bent my knees so I would stay standing and in the process I pulled Allison down a little by her tits.  The sudden pull made her moan out loud and thrust her pert tits against my mouth hard.  Carolyn continued licking the head of my cock, going all around it, teasing the slit and running her tongue underneath the ridge where it was most sensitive.  I moaned loudly taking more of Allison's tit in my mouth and sucking on it harder.  I looked down at Carolyn and watched her smile at me and then open her mouth wide and take the first few inches of my thick cock between her lips.  I fell back against the lockers as the sensations hit me and my mouth fell away from Allison, but she didn't mind, she had something else in mind now.  She got on her knees started to lick my golf ball sized testicles.  I was in a state of bliss that I didn't even know existed with these two sex kittens servicing me.

After several minutes of this I knew that I had to stop or I was going to lose it right then and there.  Gently I pushed the girls away and Carolyn reluctantly let my meat tube slide out of her throat.  After that transcendent experience I knew that it was only right that I try to give the girls a little of what they had so graciously given me.  I told Allison to take off her skirt and go to the bench in the centre of the room.  As she did that I removed Carolyn's uniform, pausing only to suck on her ample tits and finger her hot cunt.  Then I lead her around to the front of the bench where Allison was waiting.  I laid down on the bench with my raging hard on pointing up to the ceiling.  I told Allison to come over and straddle my cock while I pulled Carolyn over so her legs were on either side of my head and her dripping pussy was right above my mouth.  Without even having to say anything Allison started to ease herself down on my thick tool, grunting and sweating as she tried to cram its size into her hitherto small hole.

The feeling of her oh so tight cunt walls squeezing my cock like a vise was enough to get me going and I raised my head and plunged my tongue into Carolyn's fresh pussy.  She screamed out as I jabbed my tongue in and out of her hot little hole tasting her sweet juices as they trickled down.  She started to buck her hips, humping my face as I ate her pussy out.  All the while I felt Allison bounce herself up and down, taking more of my cock each time until with one final thrust she buried all 9 inches of my cockmeat into her steaming hot snatch.  She moaned and wiggled around getting used to having so much inside her, then slowly she raised herself up and slid along the full length of my hard rod and back down again.

I had to finish with Carolyn quickly so I could give Allison the fucking she deserved so I stopped playing around and went straight for her clit.  Carolyn screamed and humped me even harder, slamming her thighs into my face as I sucked and licked her hard little nubbin.  Finally she came in a gusher of juice which I lapped up and the she slid off me onto the floor to watch the rest of the festivities.  I got Allison to climb off me, much to her displeasure, but I assured her that it would be worth it.  She got up on the bench on her hands and knees and pointed her wet pussy right at me.  I stood up behind her and positioned myself at her entrance.  Then in one hard, swift move I slammed my cock into her and she screamed and moaned so loudly I thought we were going to get caught for sure.

I grabbed her hips to keep her steady and then started fucking her hard and long, jamming my cock in her as far as it would go and then pulling almost all the way out again, only to pump it back in.  Allison was really getting into it now, she couldn't stop moaning.  "Ohhh....yeeeeaaahhhhh!!! .....un..un..un..un.....Yeeeaahhhh!!! ......Oh Godddddd.....I've never felt this full before! ......Ohhhhh your cock is sooooo biiiigggg!!! .....Uh.....yeah!.....Give it to me! .....Oh....Harder! ....Faster! .....Oh God Yeeeesssssss!!!"  I took one hand off her hips and grabbed her ponytail pulling her head up, fucking her harder and harder.

Finally I could tell she was getting close to cumming so I quickened the pace even more until she was just on the edge and then I slowed just enough to keep her there.  It was driving her insane and she thrust herself back against me to try and get herself off, but I just kept slowing down when she did that.  She was moaning and groaning, begging me to make her cum, but still I waited.  After a few more minutes of this I could feel my balls beginning to tighten and I knew I was ready to cum so I sped up again, making sure to hit Allison's clit on every thrust.  She came in mere moments in a screaming, trashing orgasm I have never seen the likes of since.  When she was finished I was still fucking her hard, right up until the moment I was about to cum.  Then I whipped out of her and blew my load all over her back and legs.  She rolled over and I splattered her tits and belly and face with the largest stream of cum I have ever pumped out.  When I was done I sat back on the floor, exhausted.  But the girls weren't done yet.

Carolyn got up from her seat on the floor and went over to her friend.  Then she proceeded to lick the cum off the other girl's body.  I watched as she lapped up the pools that had formed on Allison's belly and by her crotch.  She sucked on her tits until they were clean and then licked all of the fluid off her back.  By the time she was done I was at full mast again and raring to go.  I still owed Carolyn a good hard fuck.  She looked over and saw the state of my cock and smiled, knowing what was in store for her.  She suggested that the three of us have a shower to cool down.

Once under the hot, steaming water I positioned myself behind Carolyn and slipped the tip of my cock into her pussy.  She moaned and brushed her slick, wet hair back off her forehead.  I reached around and began to fondle her full tits as I slid inch after inch into her tight hole.  Water ran down over us as we locked in carnal embrace, animal grunts of passion filling the air.  Allison slid in front of Carolyn and they started to kiss, hotly, wetly.  That was almost too much for me and I vigorously rammed in and out of the blonde girl's cunt.  She screamed and moaned and cried out about how good it felt and how much she needed it.  Allison moved down and sucked on her friend's tits while I fucked her from behind.

We stayed like that for the next fifteen minutes until I came for the second time, this time into both girls' mouths.  We walked back out into the locker room to get dressed and Carolyn turned to me and asked coyly, "Are you still going to report us, Mr. Gordon?"

"I don't think that will be necessary now, Miss Havesham.  But if you and Miss Sternwood insist on staying late to work on your routines I'm going to have to stay with you so you will have faculty supervision from now on.  Do you both understand?"

"Yes sir." said the girls in unison.  They both came over and kissed me as I ran my hands over their asses.  My attitudes towards certain students changed after that and just maybe the rest of the year wasn't going to be as bad as I thought.