 Chapter 6: Elizabeth, Tuck, Missy

Elizabeth embraced our night together like it would surely be our last. She said she believed me when I told her that Tuck had endorsed our sleeping together. She was concerned that he wouldn't remember asking me to fuck the bitchiness out of his wife when he woke up the next morning.

It was after two-thirty when I climbed in bed with her, and I dare say it was after four when I went to sleep. Elizabeth let me sleep until eight-thirty before I woke to find her sucking my cock.

"I still feel a bit bitchy," she said as she straddled me.

"How bitchy do you feel?" I asked, enjoying the way she was using my cock to explore the inside of her pussy.

"Just a little bit bitchy, but this has to last me until Thursday, unless Frank forgets he told you to fuck me."

Just thinking that Tuck might forget our deal nearly made me lose my erection. I reached up and played with Elizabeth's breasts while she bounced on me. It was after nine A.M. when Missy knocked on the door, saying that Tuck was on the phone, wanting me to pick him up. 

"Tell him we'll be there as soon as we can," Elizabeth said, and went back to bouncing on me. She finished strong, and we took a shower together. She got dressed while I ran down to the cottage to find something to wear to work. We had a muffin and coffee before leaving.

"I'm going with you," she said as she got into the front seat.

I called the office, and told Trudy we would be a little late. "You're already late," she teased.

Tuck was in front of the apartment building, looking forlorn, waiting for me. He looked surprised when he saw that Elizabeth was with me. 

"What kept you, Vic? You're my driver. When I call for you to drive me someplace you're to drop what you're doing and come after me." Tuck said when he got into the backseat. 

"Don't talk to him that way, Frank. He was busy taking care of me. He's not a one trick pony like you used to be," Elizabeth said to her husband.

"He didn't do a very good job of taking care of you. You're as bitchy as ever, Liz."

"You make me that way," she accused him.

"Excuse me," I interrupted the fighting couple. "Where should I take you, Sir?"

"Take me home, Vic. I need to get some rest. That bastard came home early this morning and threw me out."

"Isn't that too bad," Elizabeth said, more to me than her husband.

"You're being bitchy, Liz. That proves that he's not doing his job. You're not to go near my wife again, Victor," Tuck said from the backseat.

Elizabeth exploded. "You're not going to do that to me, Frank. Don't take him away from me. I won't be bitchy. You'll see," she pleaded with her husband.

He wouldn't listen to her so I gave it a try. "You gave me the job, Sir. I didn't get home until two-thirty and it took me several minutes to convince your wife that you had hired me. I was tired and needed sleep. I'd like a fair shot when I'm rested. I'm sure you'll be satisfied with the results."

"Being tired is no excuse, Victor. When I was your age there was no stopping me. I'll find someone else who can do the job," Tuck said.

"I don't want you to get someone else, Frank. If you won't let me have Victor, I'll find someone to take care of me," Elizabeth said.

I didn't think she was being serious, but Elizabeth must have convinced Tuck that she was. "All right. You can have your way. I don't want you picking up strangers. We'll give Vic a fair trial period," Tuck said.

We both thanked him. "You won't be sorry, Frank. Victor will keep me happy. You'll see," Elizabeth said.

"Your wife is right, Sir. I know I can keep her happy," I said.

Tuck seemed to be giving our agreement some thought. "Maybe you two should take a few days off, and go to a hotel to really get acquainted," he suggested.

Elizabeth quelled his idea. "I don't think that's a necessary, Frank. You need a driver, and Victor is very reliable. Victor and I are already acquainted. Now that you've given us permission to sleep together, we'll become better acquainted."

We arrived at their house, and I jumped out to help Tuck to the back door. He thanked me, and then asked, "Where's Missy?"

"She has the day off, Sir."

He turned and hurried back to the car, demanding to know why Missy had the day off. 

Elizabeth explained, "She's been working seven days a week for five weeks, Frank. I had to give her the day off."

"You had no right to give her the day off. I need her," Tuck said.

Elizabeth bristled, and I became afraid she would spoil what we'd just gained. "You need her to wear my panties, and shake her tits so you can jerk off. You're depraved, Frank," Elizabeth said to her husband.

Tuck became hysterical. "Who told you that? Did Missy say that's what we did?" he asked his wife.

Elizabeth stood her ground. "She told me what you make her do because I caught her going through my panty drawer."

This wasn't true at all. Missy had claimed that it was Tuck who went into his wife's panty drawer and chose the panties he wanted Missy to wear. I'd had to reveal this to Elizabeth in order to protect Missy. Now, Elizabeth was turning it around. Would Tuck believe her?

"Missy enjoys what we do," Tuck said, becoming defensive now.

"I'm sure she does, dear," Elizabeth said.

"You had no right to give her the day off. I need her to help me relax. How am I going to go to sleep?" he asked with self-pity in his voice. 

Elizabeth was sitting in the passenger's seat. Tuck was talking to her from outside the car, and I was standing nearby, ready to catch him if he fell. She glanced at me before addressing her husband.

"Perhaps Victor and I can make you relax."

"How could you and Vic make me relax?" Tuck sounded suspicious. 

"I'll shake my tits for you while Victor fucks me," she offered. 

"Your tits are not as big as Missy's. She has nice tits," Tuck said.

"I have nice tits, too. You used to tell me that I had nice tits," Elizabeth said, almost pleading now. 

"That was before we were married," Tuck said. He was being difficult, and I didn't see how Elizabeth would be able to bring him around to her way of thinking. She persisted.

"I'll wear a pair of my panties. You can choose which ones you want me to wear."

This offer hung in mid-air while Tuck thought it over. Apparently, he liked it. "Will you wear the black thong while Vic is fucking you?" he asked.

"Yes, dear, if that's what you want," Elizabeth said, glancing at me, looking triumphant.

"You'll swing your tits for me?" Tuck asked, like he was negotiating a strategic point of a contract. 

"Yes, dear," Elizabeth answered her husband.

Tuck gave me a critical stare. "Are you up for this, Vic?"

"He's perfectly capable," Elizabeth interrupted.

"Let him answer," Tuck growled at his wife.

"I'll do my part to help you relax, Sir."

Tuck extended a hand toward me. "Help me into the house," he said.

Elizabeth followed us to the back door, and into the playroom. Tuck poured himself a drink, and asked if we wanted one. We declined. Elizabeth offered to go after the thong, but Tuck stopped her, saying he would go. I watched until he was out the door before appealing to Elizabeth.

"Let's tell him about the van. Maybe he'll be lenient if he knows we fucked four times last night," I whispered to Elizabeth.

"NO! We can't let him know about the van. That was before he gave you permission to fuck me. He would have grounds for divorce."

"What do you think he was doing with Ginger last night? I saw him give her money to shake her tits for him," I argued. 

"Help him. Make sure he doesn't trip and fall on his way back down the stairs," she said, like she hadn't heard a word I'd said.

I started to obey her when she called me back. "We can do this. I'll help you," she said, waving for me to go.

I ran up the stairs, and found Tuck in their bedroom. He was looking at the bed. It was quite a sight, unmade and disheveled. "Elizabeth is the only woman I've known who could make a bed look like that. How many times did you say you fucked her?" he asked.

"Two times, Sir."

He held up the black thong for me to see. "Are you ready to put on a show for me, Vic?"

"Yes, Sir," I said, and I helped him down the stairs, feeling as unsteady on my feet as he obviously was. What if I came too soon? Worse, what if I couldn't get it up?

Elizabeth took over as soon as we entered the room. "Undress me slowly," she whispered, putting her arms around me. "Kiss my neck. Frank will like that. Is he taking his clothes off?"

"No, he's refilling his drink," I whispered as I unbuttoned the dress she was wearing.

"Is he watching?" she asked as she unbuttoned my shirt.

"No, he's taking a sip of his drink," I whispered.

"We've got to make him watch us. Remove my bra and suck on my nipples," she whispered.

I pulled the dress over her head, and reached behind her to unfasten her bra. He was watching, but I couldn't tell her because her lips were attached to mine in such a way that it was impossible for me to speak.

As soon as I got her bra off, Elizabeth took my shirt off and unbuckled my belt. I leaned down to take one of her nipples between my lips.

"Turn around, let me see what he's doing," Tuck said.

We did as he wanted, turning so he could watch me suck his wife's nipples.

"Take off your clothes, Frank," Elizabeth said. He took another sip of his drink before setting the glass down, and removing his coat and tie.

"Bite her nipple," Tuck ordered. Elizabeth must have seen that I wasn't going to comply.

"He will if you get naked for us, Frank," she said. 

Tuck fumbled with the buttons on his shirt. When he got it off, I saw the thickest dark hair on his chest that I'd ever seen. "Bite her nipple," he repeated.

"Take your pants off and he'll bite me," Elizabeth said to her husband. 

"I'm not going to do that," I whispered.

"Yes, you will. He wants to hear me scream," Elizabeth said in her normal voice. Tuck was too busy trying to remove his pants without falling down to pay any attention to her.

"Take your shoes off first," Elizabeth said to her husband, showing remarkable patience. 

We watched as Tuck struggled to remove his shoes, pants and underwear. He drained his glass, and went behind the bar to refresh his drink so I didn't get a look at his cock until he came back into the open. It was so small and shriveled that I had trouble maintaining a straight face. 

"Bite her," he said for the third time.

"Bite me," Elizabeth repeated her husband.

I took her nipple between my teeth and applied pressure. 

"Harder," Tuck said, and Elizabeth echoed her husband's order.

I clamped my teeth together and heard Elizabeth scream in pain. "Did I hurt you?" I asked.

"Let me see," Tuck said. Elizabeth turned both ways for her husband to view the small amount of blood that surrounded the nipple. She had tears in her eyes.

"I'm sorry," I whispered. 

Tuck studied the nipple, looking satisfied with the job I'd done. "Get undressed," he said to me. I quickly removed the rest of my clothes.

He looked me over. I'd been excited before the nipple incident, but now I was soft. 

"Doesn't it get bigger than that?" he asked. 

Elizabeth came to my defense. "It gets a lot bigger, Frank. I'll make sure he gets bigger."

He seemed to lose interest in the size of my cock, and did the strangest thing. He turned his back to us. "Get ready," he said.

"He doesn't want to look at my pussy," Elizabeth explained to me as she leaned on me for support while taking her panties off, and putting the thong on. She looked to make sure he still had his back turned before falling to her knees, and taking my cock into her mouth. 

"I'm sorry I hurt you," I said as I watched her suck my cock. It only took a few seconds for her to get me to full size. 

"It didn't hurt that much," she assured me as she got to her feet before telling her husband that we were ready. He turned around and looked surprised when he saw the size of my cock. His was still soft and small. His assertion, 'I'm hung like a horse' jumped into my mind for a second, but soon faded when I thought of the consequences I'd face if I laughed.

"Let's see what you've got, Vic," Tuck said, beginning to try to wake his cock up.

We discussed the best way to go about putting on a show for him. "He wants to see me wiggle my tits, so I guess doggy would be a good way to start," Elizabeth said.

"Let me check to see if you're wet first," I said, lowering myself to my knees. Elizabeth pulled the crotch of her thong to the side and I stuck my tongue in her slit. She was plenty wet, but I gave her a good tonguing anyway.

"I can't see what you're doing," Tuck complained. I snuck a look at him, and saw that his cock had grown considerable since I'd last looked. Wanting to have him cum, and get this over with as quickly as possible, I moved behind Elizabeth and stuck my head between her legs. This must have been an improvement because I heard Tuck groan.

"I'm ready, Victor," Elizabeth said, pushing my head away, and getting onto her knees.

I got behind her and Elizabeth moved the crotch aside so I could slip right in. I started humping her, and she shook her tits for Tuck. I must admit that I was paying more attention to the expression on his face than the way his wife's pussy felt because I wanted to last as long as I could.

Tuck stopped pulling his pud. "I want to see it going in and out," he demanded. 

Elizabeth turned her head, and contorted her lips as if to say, 'let's humor him'.

I pulled out, and let her position me on my back. She got on her knees, facing Tuck, and sank down on my cock. Soon she was bouncing and wiggling her tits. "Is that better, Frank?" she asked. Although I couldn't see him, I heard him groan again. 

Since I was lying on my back, and couldn't see Tuck, Elizabeth described what her husband was doing. She made it sound like he was going to get off at any second, and our job would be finished. I don't know if she was faking her own enjoyment, but when I saw her eyes cross, and heard Tuck's loud groan, I let their combined enthusiasm influence me.

"VICTOR! YOU DIDN'T!" Elizabeth screamed as she collapsed on top of me.

I heard an equally bitter pronouncement from Tuck. Disappointment rang in his voice as he said, "I was almost there."

Elizabeth tried to defend my action. "He's young, Frank. I mislead him, and he thought it was okay to cum."

"I was so close," Tuck lamented. 

"He's young, Frank. He'll recover quickly, and we can start over. Just tell us what you want us to do," Elizabeth appealed to her husband.

Now it was my turn to groan. Why couldn't we tell Tuck that we'd fucked five times in the last few hours? He would understand, wouldn't he? For once it my life, I didn't want to fuck again for three days, and Elizabeth was saying we could start over as soon as I recovered.

Elizabeth climbed off of me, and I rolled over to look at Tuck. His cock had shriveled up, and he wore a look of frustration on his face. He went behind the bar to make himself another drink.

"Look at me, Frank. Watch this," Elizabeth said, wiggling her entire body. She was no Missy, but I couldn't resist watching her. Unfortunately, Tuck had no trouble resisting.

"You had no right to give Missy the day off," Tuck complained. "Your tits don't swing the way hers do, and this boy has no stamina."

"Yes, he does have stamina. Give us another chance, Frank," Elizabeth said. Her eyes were filled with desperation as she grabbed my cock, and began sucking furiously.

She stopped twice, once to encourage me to let her get me hard, and once to say that we would do it differently. "You need to watch him," she said. 

When I was as hard as I was going to get, Elizabeth positioned me in a semi-sitting position on the floor, facing Tuck. Once she had me the way she wanted, she backed into me until her ass was resting on my stomach. 

"Let me do this, Victor. All you have to do is sit back and let me use your cock, okay?"

I agreed to let her use me. What else could I do?

"Watch me, Frank. I'm inserting Victor's cock in my pussy. See how tightly it fits. Oh, that feels good. Are you watching me? See my tits giggle? Take your little cock in your hand, and jerk on it. Does that feel good?"

We watched as Tuck got his stroke going. His eyes were transfixed on our genitals joined together. Elizabeth had not been exactly truthful. Her pussy didn't fit tightly around my cock, and I was not in her very far at all. She was barely moving. One thing she did have right; it did feel good. 

I leaned back on my elbows to give her more wiggle room. She used the extra room to extend her stroke, taking me a little deeper into her pussy. 

Tuck must have seen the determined look on our faces. He stroked his cock harder and harder. I was helping Elizabeth, lifting my ass off the floor, trying to go deeper inside her. "Don't cum until he does," Elizabeth warned me. 

I watched Tuck, trying to gauge when he would cum. His face was contorted and his tongue was hanging slack, like he had no control over it. Elizabeth was encouraging both of us, telling Tuck to concentrate, and telling me to hang on. 

All I was thinking about was being able to cum in his wife as soon as Tuck got off. "Why doesn't he cum?" I asked. 

"He's trying, aren't you Frank? Don't distract him. You'll confuse him," Elizabeth admonished me. 

"This is the best fuck we've had so far," I said, thinking that we would have to do it this way again. Elizabeth agreed with me.

"THIS IS SO FUCKING GOOD!" she shouted at the top of her voice.

This must have had an effect on Tuck. He screamed several unintelligible words, and Elizabeth stopped pumping. I urged her to continue, but she just sat there, watching her husband. 

"We did it," she screamed, excitedly.

"I don't see anything," I said, trying to push my cock into her.

"He did. Didn't you, Frank?"

Tuck nodded, and I saw that his cock had wilted, practically disappearing.

"Help him to bed," Elizabeth said to me, lifting her ass off of me.

"Stay here and finish," I implored, but she was already on her feet.

We each held on of his arms, and helped Tuck up the stairs. I was careful not to touch him other than on the arm as all three of us were naked, and my cock was still hard. 

"You did a good job, Vic," Tuck said to me.

"Did I do a good job, Frank?" Elizabeth asked her husband.

Tuck looked at his naked wife, and acknowledged that she'd done a good job, too. "Thank you, Elizabeth."

"You said Victor could fuck me any time he wants," she reminded her husband.

"Yes, I did, Liz."

"You won't forget what you said, will you, Frank?"

"I won't forget," Tuck assured his wife as he got into bed, the same bed where I'd fucked Elizabeth earlier that morning. He was asleep before we left the room.

I put my arm around her as we descended the stairs, and she praised me for the way I'd performed. "We'll take a shower and go to work," she said.

"We'll fuck first," I said.

"Really?" she asked, looking at my cock, and seeing that it was still hard. 

"He just said that I could fuck you any time I want," I said, and watched her smile.

"Where do you want to do it?" she asked.

"Let's go out to the pool, and do it the same way as our first time together," I said. Elizabeth was agreeable. 

It nearly killed me, but I made sure that I bumped Elizabeth's ass against the side of the pool until she pleaded with me to stop. We showered, and made it to the office in time to have lunch with Trudy and Betty. 

Fortunately, there were no emergencies and we were able to leave work at the usual time. I went directly to the cottage, took off my clothes and got into bed. The next thing I knew, it was dark in the room and Missy was lying on top of me. The reason that I knew it was her was that I felt the tiny patch of her pubic hair tickling my ass. 
