 Ray was my summer fling the year I graduated from high school. He was a year younger than me, but very cute with dark blonde hair and hazel eyes. I already had a boyfriend that I was pretty crazy about, but he had left home the year before and we rarely saw each other. Ray had a crush on me and, I'll admit, I was lonely and horny and his attention was flattering. 

I was hanging out with him at his house one hot June afternoon. We had the place to ourselves. We went upstairs to his room to check out his music collection. I sat down on the bed, flipping through old album covers, and he took the opportunity to plant a quick, tentative kiss on my cheek. When I turned to him, surprised, he leaned in and kissed me gently on the lips. 

When our lips met, my neglected pussy responded immediately. Without thinking at all, I relaxed my mouth, parting my lips slightly. His tongue found mine slowly, deliberately. The albums I was flipping through fell to the floor, quickly forgotten. He pushed me down on my back gently. Before I realized what I was doing, my arms were around his neck, and I was running my fingers through his hair. He slipped a hand under my t-shirt, ran it slowly up my stomach and began to knead my breast. I moaned softly into his mouth. 

I put my hand on his chest and pushed him away a little, breaking our kiss. He pulled back, thinking I wanted to stop. I smiled at him nervously as I sat up and removed my shirt. He smiled then, and pulled his off too. He pushed my bra straps off my shoulders. Putting his arms around me, he unhooked my bra, pulled it off and tossed it aside. His hungry eyes took in my soft full breasts. He leaned down and took one large nipple into his mouth. It hardened instantly with his sucking. I moaned deeply and lay back on the bed. He couldn't seem to get enough of my breasts - sucking, licking and fondling them to his heart's content. 

I felt his hand slide down my belly and rest between my legs. My legs involuntarily parted slightly, my hips rising off the mattress a little in response to his touch. He was kissing my neck as he unbuttoned and unzipped my jean shorts. He slipped a hand inside my shorts and down my panties. He groaned when he felt how wet I was. I whimpered softly as he slid a finger up and down my juicy slit, brushing against my clit.

He gently pushed a finger inside me. He began to finger fuck me slowly, deeply. I moaned and whimpered, opening my legs a little more and raising my hips, pressing against his hand. He pulled his finger out and slid it up over my soft pink lips, finding my clit again and massaging it slowly. 

"Oh God..." I whispered, beginning to pant. "Go down on me, Ray...please..." I pleaded.

He straddled my legs and pulled my shorts and panties off before removing his own shorts and boxers. His long, thick cock stood straight out in front of him. I eyed it hungrily and spread my legs farther apart. 

He moved down the bed until his face was between my thighs. He breathed in deeply, taking in the scent of my need.

"God, you smell good." He said. 

He began to run his tongue up and down my juicy slit slowly.

"Mmmmmm..." he moaned, showing how much he enjoyed my flavor.

He licked my pussy like a cat lapping up a bowl of milk for a long time. Then he found my hard, swollen clit and began to flick it with his tongue. He drew it into his mouth and sucked it softly. I was incredibly close to cumming.

I whimpered in protest when he stopped. He moved up the bed and brought his body down on mine. His rock hard cock pressed into my thigh. We kissed passionately, our tongues wrestling roughly. 

I pushed him off of me and onto his back. He looked startled for a second. I moved down the bed until my mouth was poised over his hard cock. I licked my lips and looked up at him, smiling. He looked positively stunned when he realized what I had in mind.

"Are you gonna...?" he began.

"Suck your cock?" I interrupted. "Yes, I am."

I planted soft, closed mouth kisses all over his dick. Then I parted my lips just a little and let my tongue barely graze the smooth skin as I kissed it. I began to lick it from base to tip with long, slow overlapping strokes of my tongue.

"Oh my God..." he groaned. 

I swirled my tongue around the head again and again.

"Oh God..." he groaned again. I could tell by the desperation in his voice that he was about to lose control.

I slid my lips down over his engorged member, taking in his full length, and began to slowly fuck him with my mouth. I placed a hand on his balls just in time to feel them tighten. I knew he was only seconds away from orgasm. I held him in my mouth and sucked hard as he cried out. His cum hit the back of my mouth with such force, I almost gagged. I swallowed hard, savoring every drop.

His face was red and he was panting heavily. 

"You okay?" I asked, sliding up the bed and lying next to him.

"Yeah.. I...it's just that nobody's ever..." he was flustered, and a little embarrassed.

For a moment I didn't understand. Then it dawned on me - he had never gotten a blowjob before!

"Nobody's ever done that for you before?" I asked.

He shook his head. 

He turned to me, raising up on one elbow, and ran his index finger across my lips slowly. 

"That was...unbelievable..." he said quietly.

He smiled down at me and rolled over, moving his body on top of mine. Instinctively, I opened my legs to him. For a split second, I thought, 'God, what am I doing? I've let this go way too far already.'

Then he kissed me. His cock was already hard again, pressing against my inner thigh, only inches from my tight young pussy, so hot and wet and throbbing with need.

"I want you..." he whispered, running his tongue up the side of my neck. "God, I want you..."

Thoughts of stopping vanished from my mind.

"Take me..." I responded breathlessly. 

He started to slide his hard cock into my dripping pussy. He wanted to take his time, I know, but youthful exuberance took over and, unable to hold back, he thrust his full length into me all at once. 

"Oh yes...give it to me..." I breathed.

"You're so tight..." he whispered in my ear.

I squeezed his hard cock with my pussy, showing him how much tighter it could feel. He groaned.

"Oh hell yeah..." he whispered, stroking me slowly. "Squeeze it again."

I complied, raising my hips to meet his strokes and squeezing him tightly inside me.

"Fuck me, Ray." I whispered in his ear. "Fuck my pussy with your big, hard cock. Oh God, it feels so good..."

"I want to make you cum, Cat." He whispered. 

I groaned in response, so close already.

I pressed my lips to his and pushed my tongue into his mouth urgently. He fucked me hard and deep, every stroke bringing me closer to orgasm. I broke the kiss abruptly and groaned as I felt my orgasm begin.

"Are you there, baby? Are you cummin' for me?" he asked.

"Oh yes...yes, I'm cumming..." I managed to say.

"Jesus.. ." he groaned, feeling my hot pussy squeezing him as the contractions went on and on. 

As my orgasm began to ebb, he began to stroke my wet pussy more insistently. 

I wrapped my legs around his waist and tilted my hips up, giving him room.

"Oh yes," I groaned. "Fuck me...fuck me...!"

His body tensed and he groaned louder as his cock began to twitch and jerk, hot cum filling my cunt. 

We lay there together for a long time, catching our breath. He pulled out of me and rolled over onto his back, sighing deeply. 

"Do you have any idea how long I've wanted to do that?" he asked.

I shook my head.

"For MONTHS." He said.

I smiled at him silently. I knew that. And while I hadn't actively pursued it, I hadn't done a damn thing to avoid it either.

We were quiet for a few moments, each lost in our own thoughts.

After a while, he said. "I've never heard you talk like that before." 

I blushed slightly. "Does that bother you?" I asked.

"Hell no, I liked it." He said. "I was just...a little surprised."

I laughed. "Nice girls don't talk like that?" I asked.

He laughed. "Yeah, I guess, something like that."

"It just comes out when I'm...turned on. All this stuff goes through my head and I just let it out."

He nodded. We were quiet for another moment.

"Did you like the way I...tasted you?" he asked hesitantly, blushing slightly.

I laughed. "You couldn't tell?" I asked.

He laughed. "I guess so. But I've never done that before." He confessed.

"Are you kidding me?!" I exclaimed. "How did you know exactly what to do?"

"I read magazines." he replied, blushing again.

"Damn, you're a quick study!" I laughed.

He laughed for a moment, then fell silent. I could tell there was something else on his mind.

He rolled onto his side, looking down at me.

"Do you feel guilty? About your boyfriend, I mean." He asked.

I felt my smile fade and I looked away, staring at the ceiling for a moment. I closed my eyes and nodded silently. My boyfriend's face flashed through my mind. I felt I had betrayed him. Tears stung my eyes. I tried to blink them away, but a single tear escaped and rolled slowly down my face. 

"I'm sorry..." he said, wiping it away with the back of his hand.

"Don't be." I said. "I'm not sorry. Guilty? Yes. But I'm not sorry. I needed..."

"I know." He said. "Me too." 

He leaned in and kissed me softly on the lips. I smiled at him. 

"What now?" he said.

I looked at him, unsure of exactly what he meant by that.

"I just mean... I don't want this to be the only time." He said quietly.

I didn't know what to say. 

"Ray..." I began.

"You don't have to answer right now." He interrupted. " Just tell me - do I have a chance?" 

I still didn't know what to say, so I reached up and pulled his face gently to mine. 

"Shut up and kiss me." I said playfully.

He kissed me then, gently at first, growing gradually more passionate.

I hesitantly broke the kiss and pulled back a little.

"I should go." I said, sitting up.

"You don't have to go so soon, do you?" He asked, leaning in and running his tongue up the center of my throat.

I moaned softly and laid back. He touched my face and pressed his lips to mine, slipping his tongue back into my mouth. His fingers trailed slowly down my belly and found the wetness between my thighs again. He began to rub my soft pink lips and stroke my clit. I moaned and spread my legs again, my body quivering.

He pulled back and watched my heated reaction to his fingers on my pussy. 

"This won't be the last time, will it Cat?" he asked, a little more confident now.

I opened my eyes and looked at him. 

"No," I whispered. "this won't be the last time..." 

And it wasn't.

TO BE CONTINUED...