 I had started to date Laura, partly as an excuse to see Kitty, but mostly because she was an amazing fuck!

Laura had the strangest sexual appetite that I had ever seen. In bed she was a wild sexual animal, grazing my back with her nails, as she begged me to fuck her harder. I usually lost count of the number of times that she came. Our fuck sessions lasted until I was completely worn out. Then Laura would lose interest in sex for a few days. It was like her sexual batteries had to be recharged.

Odd as her behaviour in bed was, I wasn't complaining. 

Kitty was completely different. She was a lot more conventional in bed than Laura was. We could enjoy long, slow fucks that would sometimes last all night. At least, we used to be able to do that, until she sort of spoiled things by getting married.

Kitty had said that she still wanted to see me, but it was more than two months since she was married, and we hadn't been able to get together. Apparently her new, much older, husband kept her pretty busy in the bedroom. I had seen her a couple of times when I had visited with Laura, but we had never had a chance to be alone.

Laura, of course, knew how I felt about Kitty. She had said that, as long as I keep her happy, she didn't care who else I fucked. And that included her new step-mother, Kitty. I knew that Laura lusted after Kitty also, and longed to suck on her superb tits. Arranging a three-way with them was definitely on my agenda.

Kitty's husband Albert, Laura's father, was always pleasant to me. He seemed to have no objection to me dating his favourite daughter. Apparently I was a lot less scruffy than some of her previous boyfriends.

Then one day I had a nice surprise - a phone call from Kitty. But she was quite formal on the phone - I guessed that she wasn't alone. She told be that a birthday party was being organised for her daughter Kelly's twelfth birthday the next Saturday, and would I help out? Specifically, I was to be the lifeguard at the pool, and make sure that none of the guests drowned. Of course I knew that this would be an opportunity to see Kitty, and so I quickly agreed to do it.

So the next Saturday I presented myself at Kitty's house, along with a suitable gift for Kelly. Kelly squealed "Hi, Uncle Tim," and gave me a big hug. Kim and Lucy were there as well, and they both hugged me and kissed my cheek. Kim's husband Roger, and Kitty's husband Albert, had decided to play golf to avoid attending the party. Kim's son Jason had escaped to visit a friend. Bigger fool him, I thought, visualising all of the tight young bodies in bikinis that he would be missing. I made a mental note to tell him later what he missed.

I changed into my swim trunks and a T-shirt, and Kitty announced that the pool was open. The girls all ran off to change. I went and found a comfortable lounge near the pool, and soon laughs and squeals announced the arrival of about a dozen bikini-clad girls. Now I have never been attracted to young girls, but I was always amazed at how brief their bikinis had become. It was hard to believe that their parents allowed them to wear such brief swimsuits. Or maybe their parents just don't know, I thought.

About thirty incident-free minutes passed, and then Kim came down to the pool. "Kitty need your help in the kitchen, Tim," she said. "I'll take over here and watch the girls."

I could only think of one way that I could be helpful in the kitchen, so I hurried back into the house. Sure enough, Kitty was waiting in the kitchen, a big smile on her face. She immediately flew into my arms and kissed me passionately. "Oh I've missed you so much, Tim," she said, breaking off the kiss. "Especially this part of you," she said, grabbing my already hard and eager cock.

Kitty led me to a laundry room, closing and locking the door behind us, and kissing me again. "Fuck me right here, Tim," she said breathlessly, pulling out my cock. "Give me that big cock right now. Fuck me hard and make me cum."

I pulled down Kitty's shorts and panties, bent her over, and rammed my cock into her wet cunt. I was reminded just how good her cunt felt wrapped around my cock. We knew that we did not have time make love - this was a hard and fast fuck. Kitty covered her mouth with her hand to muffle her squeals as she came.

I pulled out my cock from her cunt, and she turned and nestled into my arms. "I've missed you so much, Kitty," I murmured into her ear. "Oh I've missed you too, Timmy," she said. "I want us to spend the night together. I'll try to arrange it soon."

"You know that Laura wants to do a three-way with us?" I said.

"Yes, I know," giggled Kitty. "Could be fun."

We both got dressed, and I returned to the pool. Kim grinned lecherously at me. "I hope that you were helpful to Kitty," she said. "Ask her yourself, just how helpful I can be," I replied. "I'll do that," she said.

No sooner had Kim left than there was a shout from one of the girls in the pool. "Oh, I've got a cramp!" she yelled. So I dived into the pool and swam over to her. She immediately latched onto me. "I've got a cramp, and I can't swim," she said, surprisingly cheerfully. "Save me, Tim."

I pulled the girl, whose name was Narelle, to the edge of the pool, carried her out and placed her on a lounge. "I'm alright now. Thanks for saving me, Tim," she said. Then, suddenly, she wrapped her arms around my neck and planted a kiss on my lips. It took me a couple of seconds to recover from my surprise, and then I immediately broke off the kiss. Narelle smiled up at me. "You're welcome," I said. I thought it best to ignore the fact that she had kissed me.

Narelle jumped up and ran back into the pool, obviously fully recovered. Kelly came over to me. "Thanks for saving Narelle," she said. Then she whispered, "You know that she has the hots for you."

Wow! A twelve year old girl is in love with me, I thought. As if I don't already have enough problems with women. "Tell her to look me up when she turns eighteen," I said. Kelly giggled and ran off to join the other girls in the pool. Much whispering and giggling, and not much swimming, followed. I tried to ignore it all, and pretended that I was asleep.

Soon Kim came and announced that it was time to eat. The girls all got out of the pool and ran off to change. I noticed that Kim had worn my favourite little pink shorts. She giggled as I squeezed her ass, and she playfully tweaked my cock in return. She really is a hot piece of ass, I thought. It's a pity that we've never been able to spend the night together.

I tried to keep a low profile while we sang 'Happy Birthday' to Kelly, but it seemed that I kept bumping into Narelle. I decided that the safest thing to do was to leave, so I made an excuse and did just that.