  Chapter 5 Sloppy Seconds



Characters:
Victor Thomas: College student, age nineteen 
Brian Thomas: College student, age eighteen
Tuck Tucker: Owns three restaurants, age fifty-five (Franco Touchily) 
Elizabeth Tucker; The Witch, Tuck's second wife, age Thirty-two
Betty: Bookkeeper, petite, meek, age thirty-seven
Trudy: Office worker, age twenty. Large eyes are her distinguishing feature. 
Vera Tucker: Tuck's first wife and mother of his daughters. Age forty-three
Eric: Restaurant Manager and fiancée of Caroline Tucker
Caroline Tucker: Tuck's older daughter, age twenty-three
Sarah Tucker; Tuck's younger daughter, age Twenty-one
Melinda: Housekeeper in Tucker home, Black, goes by Missy, age Twenty-eight
Salvatore: Tuck's cousin, manager of Tuck-South
Ginger: Party girl
Mark: Trudy's boyfriend
Joyce: Trudy's roommate, age twenty.
Walter: Betty's ex-husband
Carrie: Betty's daughter, age 19.



It was a Saturday morning and the office should have been quiet, but for the first hour, I was so busy sorting the mail, delivering faxes, and dodging Trudy that I didn't have time to consider what I'd let Elizabeth talk me into. 



I kept telling myself that having one day off per week was not important. Elizabeth had conceded to give Missy Mondays off, to pay her for the days owed, and to let her visit me in the cottage three nights per week. I'd given up my day off for Missy. I only hoped that we could trust Elizabeth to keep her word. What if she confronted Tuck with the accusation that he played with himself while making Missy wear Elizabeth's panties? What if it turned out to be true that Tuck was a dangerous man?

Yes, I said that I had to dodge Trudy. I didn't recall it being this crowded behind the partition on the two days she'd trained me to do her job. Now, every time I moved from one piece of office equipment to another one she bumped into me. 

At ten A.M. we were in the break room, having a cold drink when the telephone rang, and Trudy answered it.

"It's Elizabeth. She wants to talk to you," Trudy said, handing me the receiver. 

"Is she within hearing distance? Answer yes or no," Elizabeth said.

"Yes."

"How is she dressed? Don't answer that. Is she dressed provocatively?"

"Yes, ma'am, I would say so."

"You didn't tell her about us, did you?"

"No, of course not," I said, irritated that I was being grilled this way.

"If she makes a pass at you, you'll have to give in to her wishes."

"Why?"

"If you refuse, she'll retaliate by telling Frank about us."

"Don't worry, Mrs. Tucker, I won't"

"Good. I'm sorry to put you through this, Victor, but it's important that my husband not find out about us."

"I understand."

"Call me if he wants you pick to him up," she said, and abruptly hung up. 

"What did Elizabeth want?" Trudy asked.

"She wanted to know if her husband has called yet. He played golf yesterday, and stayed at his cousin's house last night." 

"Right," Trudy said, sarcastically.

"Don't you believe he played golf?"

"The last time Frank played golf was twenty years ago."

"What do you have on Elizabeth?" I asked, without knowing why.

"Did she say I have something on her?"

"Not exactly, but she said that if you put a move on me, I'll have to put out."

Trudy roared. "She didn't say that. You're making it up to make me think that you're easy."

"I am easy. Besides, I think you have something on her. She asked if you were dressed provocatively"

Trudy rolled her eyes, and then sauntered toward me. "What did you tell her?" she asked, leaning against me, and giving me a view of the valley between her breasts. 

"Yes. Do you have something on her?" I asked, feeling my cock begin to grow.

Trudy cocked her head, and looked into my eyes. "You fucked her, didn't you?"

"What makes you say that?"

"She sounded nervous on the phone. Where did you do it?"

"You're jumping to...," I started a sentence before being cut off by her lips pressed to mine. My arms were around her, and my cock was grinding against her pussy when we heard the phone ring. 

"Hold that pose," Trudy said as she answered the phone, and then, "It's for you."

Sal was on the phone. He gave me directions to his house where I was to pick Tuck up.

Trudy walked all the way downstairs with me, and watched as I got into the Lincoln. 

"We'll go to lunch at Tuck-South when you get back," she said.

"How did you know I fucked Elizabeth yesterday?" I asked.

She rolled her big eyes again, and gave me her 'duh' look. "The answering machine was set to pick up on the first ring, and the 'closed' sign was still in the window when I came in this morning. Where did you do it?" she asked.

"Look at the carpet in her office," I said as I put the Lincoln in gear.

What made me admit that I'd had sex with Elizabeth? How did Elizabeth know that Trudy already suspected something had gone on between us yesterday? This was getting too complicated. It was almost like Elizabeth wanted someone to tell Tuck that we were having sex. It was okay with me if she had a death wish, but she was involving me, and I wasn't ready to die.

I called Elizabeth to let her know that I was on my way to pick up Tuck.

"Are you calling from your cell phone?" she asked.

"Yes, ma'am."

"Does Trudy know about us?"

"Yes, ma'am. She surmised that we were having sex when she discovered the 'closed' sign in the window, and the answering machine set to pick up on the first ring."

"Fuck!" Elizabeth said.

"Is that an order?" I asked, feeling brave.

"I'll call you if I need anything," Elizabeth said, and hung up without responding to my question.

Damn, I thought, she has my cell phone number.

Sal lived in a nice neighborhood of ranch-style homes. The lawns were manicured, and I saw several swimming pools, surrounded by fences. I pulled into the drive, and Tuck came out, looking the worse for wear. He was followed by an equally sleep-deprived female. They got into the back seat.

"We've got to take Ginger home, Victor. Ginger, this is Victor. Tell him how to get to your apartment," Tuck said. 

"It's nice to make your acquaintance, Victor," Ginger said. I looked in the rearview mirror, but she wasn't in sight. 

"These God Damned shoes, some asshole stepped on my foot last night, and my feet are killing me," Ginger said as her head popped up above the seat. "Stop that, Tuck! I've got to get my face on before my old man sees me," she said.

I watched the make-up process in the rearview mirror as Ginger fussed with her eyes, put generous amounts of lip gloss on, and tried to comb the kinks out of her hair, then looked into a mirror to view the results of her efforts. Seemingly satisfied, she closed the compact and looked at me. 

"May I use your phone, Victor?" she asked, and when I didn't respond immediately, she appealed to Tuck.

"I've got to see if my old man is home. I can't let him see me getting out of the car. If he answers, I'll have to walk a whole block in these fucking shoes."

Tuck woke up from his nap long enough to tell me to let Ginger use my cell phone. I handed it to her, and after two minutes she handed it back to me.

"He ain't there or he's not answering the phone. I wish I knew which it was."

She was undecided until we got to within a half-block of her apartment. "Stop!" she shouted. I slammed on the brakes. 

"It was nice to meet you, Victor," she said as she glanced at the sleeping Tuck before getting out of the car. I told her it was nice to meet her too, and then watched her navigate on the high heels until she reached the entrance to her apartment.

I assumed Tuck wanted me to take him home, and was nearly there when he woke up. 

"You've already forgotten about meeting Ginger, right, Victor?"

It wasn't really a question that required an answer. It was more of an order. "Yes, Sir," I said.

"She's one hell of a woman though, ain't she?"

"Yes, Sir," I said, thinking of the way Ginger's ass wiggled as she walked. Like her ass, her other measurements were on the bulgy side, and her hair, though presently blond, looked like it had been a mixture of every other shade at one time or another.

"You just said that you'd already forgotten her," he said, in a 'gotcha' sort of way.

"Yes, Sir," I repeated as I parked the big car in front of the garage.

He didn't get out, and I wondered if I should open the door for him. He looked tired. 

"Did you tell my wife where I was last night?" he asked.

"Yes, Sir."

"Was she alone last night?"

How the hell was I supposed to answer that? "I believe she was, but I don't know for sure, Sir."

"She's been in a good mood lately. I believe she's fucking someone. You'd tell me if you found out she was fucking someone, wouldn't you, Vic?"

"Yes, Sir," I lied.

"You would tell me if it was you that she was fucking, wouldn't you, Vic?"

Where was this heading? He had me feeling very uncomfortable. "Yes, Sir," I lied again.

"That's good to know, Vic," he said as he got out of the car, waving goodbye.

I called the office to tell Trudy that I was on my way back.

"We'll set the answering machine to pick up on the first ring, and go to lunch," she said.

I was surprised to see her waiting outside the building when I arrived because it was only eleven-fifteen. 

"I need to stop by my apartment," she said as she got in the car, and then she proceeded to question me about Elizabeth.

"Did she seduce you?"

"No, she was in the pool, and I thought it was the maid. It was dark, and I didn't find out it was Elizabeth I was kissing until she kissed me back."

"Wait, are you saying you thought you were kissing the maid?"

"Yeah," I said, grinning.

"What you're telling me is that you're banging the maid, and Elizabeth, too?"

"Yeah," I said, grinning again.

"Did she go down on you?"

"Which one?"

"Elizabeth."

"Not until I'd fucked her in the pool, and we went into the cottage."

Trudy rolled her eyes, and I noticed her short skirt was so high on her thighs that I could see her panties. "You're one bad dude, Victor. Was she good?"

"Yeah," I grinned.

"Come in with me," she said when we reached her apartment.

"Are you going to seduce me, Trudy?"

"I would expect a bad dude like you to make the first move," she said, giving me a wicked grin.

She lived on the second floor, and when we entered the apartment there was another girl there. "This is Joyce, my roommate," Trudy said to me, and then to Joyce, "Victor wants to see my bedroom."

We were no sooner in her room when Trudy pulled the tank top over her head, and sank to her knees. "We don't have much time," she said as she unbuttoned my pants, and fished my cock out. 

"I thought I was supposed to make the first move," I said, teasingly, as I lifted her tits, and watched her tongue circle the head of my cock. She then tapped the head against her tongue, and I thought I'd lose it right then. I held on, and she swallowed half of my cock. 

While she was sucking my cock, and playing with my balls, I got a chance to look around her room. In addition to a collection of posters, there was a pink telephone and a photograph of Trudy with a guy. They were smiling, and had their arms around each other. 

Considering the night I'd had with Missy, Trudy did a remarkable job of making me cum. She caught most of it between her lips, but laughed when some of it landed on her breasts. 

"Hurry, we don't have much time," she said, wiggling out of her skirt, and dropping her panties to the floor. I took off my shirt, and stepped out of my pants. 

She climbed on the bed and I took my place between her legs. Trudy's eyes became big when she saw that I was going to lick her pussy. "Hurry, we don't have much time," she said as I shoved my tongue between her lips. 

Trudy's body was quite agile and responsive. She moaned, and expressed her appreciation for my efforts for five minutes without telling me to hurry. I got her to climax before touching her clit, but when I did, she screamed. 

We were fucking when the door opened. "Mark heard you, and he's on his way over here," Joyce said. We turned our attention to her for a second before she closed the door.'

"Who's Mark?" I asked.

"Hurry, we don't have much time," Trudy said as she threw her legs around me, urging me to fuck her faster.

"Who's Mark?" I asked again.

"You'll see when he gets here," she said with urgency in her voice.

Having Joyce poke her head in the room, and watch us had made me nervous. Now some guy named Mark had heard Trudy scream, and was on his way over. I increased my effort, and with Trudy's help, we were able to orgasm a few seconds apart. 

I was still on top of her, with my cock inserted when something struck me.

"What's funny?" Trudy asked.

"I was just wondering if you're protected." I said.

She began laughing, and I felt her pussy grip my cock when the door opened. We both looked to see the guy that was in the photograph standing in the doorway. Joyce was behind him. I tried to move off of her, but Trudy held me in place.

"Victor, this is my boyfriend. Mark, this is Victor," Trudy said. 

"Hi, Victor," Mark said, like he was happy to meet me. 

"We're done here," Trudy said, speaking to Mark. "Thank you, Victor. You can get off of me now," she said to me.

I was getting off the bed when I saw that Mark was removing his clothes. "Grab your clothes, Victor. I'll show you the shower," Joyce said.

We were leaving the room when I saw that Trudy was on her hands and knees, with Mark standing behind her. His cock was hard, and his attention was directed at Trudy's pussy. I would have liked to stay and watch, but Joyce was pulling on my arm. 

Joyce showed me where the shower was and told me she'd be right back with a towel. I was under the shower, soaping my cock when the shower curtain opened and Joyce stepped in. 

"Give me the soap. I'll wash your back," she said. 

I turned around to face her. She was smaller than Trudy in every way. "I don't want my back washed, but I'll wash your front, I said and watched her smile.

Like I said, Joyce was a small girl. "You have nice breasts," I said, beginning to rub the bar of soap on them. She watched me for a few seconds, and then her eyes drifted down to my cock. 

"You have a nice cock," she said.

"Do you think it will fit in here?" I asked, reaching down to put the tip of my middle finger in her pussy. 

She moved a step forward, and reached up to lower my head for a kiss. I slipped my finger into her as far as it would go and discovered that she was so wet and slippery that I could wiggle it around. "There's one way to find out," she said. 

I put my hands under her ass and lifted her up. She straddled my hips with her legs and pointed my cock at her opening. "VICTOR!" she shouted as I pinned her against the far end of the shower and sank my cock into her.

I didn't think I'd hurt her. "We fit together fine," I said.

"The tile's cold against my back," she laughed, fastening her lips to mine, and pulling me into her with her legs.

I supported her ass with both hands, and she clung to me as we fucked. She broke the kiss to warn me to not stop. I heard the water hitting the floor behind us, and wondered if it would still be warm when we finished. 

"Kiss me, Victor, don't stop, don't ever stop fucking me, kiss me, Victor," Joyce said, over and over.

I was pretty sure she'd climaxed. "I'm getting close," I said.

"Give it to me," she said, and I did.

Joyce had a painful look on her face. Her hair was wet, and there were beads of sweat on her brow. I wondered if she was going to cry. "I didn't hurt you, did I?" I asked when we had caught our breath.

"You can hurt me like that any time you want," she said, giving me a tender smile. 

I lowered her to the bottom of the shower, and we disconnected. I turned around, and washed the sweat off of my body, and the pussy juice off of my cock in the cold water. 

Joyce was already out of the shower when I shut the water off. She handed me a towel, and turned to leave the bathroom. "Do you want to clean up and me to dry you?" I offered. Joyce smiled, and shook her head.

I finished drying, got dressed, and was going down the hall when I looked in an open door. Joyce on her hands and knees on the bed, and Mark was standing behind her, running his cock up and down her pussy.

"Thanks again, Victor," he said.

Trudy was waiting for me in the living room. "Hurry, we're going to be late," she said.

I headed the car toward Tuck-South, thinking we would stop to have lunch, but Trudy said we would find something to eat at the office.

"You don't need to tell me to hurry. I know we don't have much time," I said.

"Thanks for being a good sport, Victor. Mark has been aching to have sloppy seconds for ages, and when I told him about the new kid in the office, he couldn't wait for me to bring you home."

"You mean that was a set-up? I feel used," I laughed.

"You didn't look used when you were getting your cock sucked," she retorted.

"What about Joyce? Was she in on it from the beginning, too?"

"She knew our plan, but I didn't know she was going to participate until I heard her shouting your name."

"That wasn't because of me. The tile was cold," I confessed.

"Did you have a good time?" Trudy asked.

"Are you kidding? When can we do it again?"

"I don't know if Mark will want to do it again, but even if he doesn't, we could hook up if you're game," Trudy said, watching me for a reaction.

"I'd like that," I said. 

My cell phone rang. "Where have you been?" Elizabeth asked.

"We've been having lunch," I said, already sorry that I'd given her my number.

"What did my husband say?" she asked.

"He said he knew that you've been getting laid, and wanted to know if I was the lucky guy."

"What did you tell him?" Elizabeth asked, suddenly breathless.

"I said it wasn't me."

"Good, we'll keep him guessing," she said, sounding relieved.

"He's still going to wonder who it is," I warned her.

"No, he won't, because I don't plan on letting it happen again."

"Right!" I said with the same sarcastic tone Trudy had used when she scoffed about Tuck playing golf.

"Don't use that tone of voice with me, young man," Elizabeth said, reverting to her Witch's personality.

I started to answer, "Yes, ma'am," but the line was dead.

There wasn't much going on at the office. We teased each other, and fooled around some, but we didn't get to the point of removing our clothes. At one point she asked for my cell phone number, and I gave it to her. "Just in case Joyce and I feel lonely," she said. 

We closed the office at six P.M. Mark was waiting for Trudy. He gave me the thumbs-up sign, and I waved at him.

Missy brought my dinner, but said she couldn't stay. "We had a long talk after you left. The missus says three nights with you is all I get," she said.

"Do you think she'll keep her part of the bargain? I asked. 

"If she doesn't, I can make it mighty rough for her," Missy boasted.

"Yes, but you would be making it mighty rough on me, too," I reminded her. 

"I would never want to make it rough on you, Victor," she said as she left.

I ate, and then tried talking to my brother. He wouldn't believe that I'd fucked two women that day. And, when I told him about Mark wanting sloppy seconds, he said I'd been reading too much bad porn and hung up.

I woke up several times during the night, unable to get the picture of little Joyce on her hands and knees out of my mind. 

The office was even quieter on Sunday than it had been the day before. With only the two of us there, Betty let down her hair, and told me about her failed marriage. She said she lived with her teenage daughter and seldom had any fun. 
