 I fucked Kitty regularly over the next few weeks, but then I received a shock. Kitty announced that she was getting married. In between fucking me she had met an older, rich guy, and was about to become a 'trophy wife'. From the age of her husband-to-be, I knew that he would never be able to keep up with her sexually, so I expected that Kitty wouldn't let a little thing like marriage stop us from fucking. Often.

I had been invited to the wedding, naturally. The ceremony and reception were being held in one of those wedding centre places, the type that are used by people who do not want to get married in a church. I had arrived early, and was enjoying my first glass of champagne, when Kim came up to me. "Come with me," she whispered, taking my hand.

Kim led me to a room at the far side of the building. When we entered, I saw Kitty sitting on the bed in her wedding dress. When she saw me, she pulled up her dress, revealing beautiful white satin panties and white stockings. "This might be your last chance for a while, Tim," she said.

I didn't have to have it offered to me twice. I buried my face between her legs, pulled down her panties, and plunged my tongue into her cunt. This made her moan with pleasure. Then Kim undid Kitty's top and started sucking her big tits. As soon as I saw that, I plunged my cock into Kitty's cunt and fucked her hard. Kitty put her hand over her mouth to muffle her squeals as she came.

I had just cum in Kitty's cunt when there was a knock at the door. "Everything OK, Sweetie?" said a man's voice. "It's Albert!" exclaimed Kitty. "I'll take care of him," said Kim. She went to the door and opened it just a crack. "You know that you can't see Kitty before the wedding," she said. "It's bad luck."

"I just wanted to make sure that everything is all right," said Albert.

"Everything's fine," said Kim. "Kitty's being well taken care of."

Albert seemed reassured, and he left. Kim came back over to the bed. "Talk about your close calls," I said, and we all burst out laughing.

I waited a little while, and then slipped out of the room and went back to the party. I wanted to avoid Kim's husband Roger. Kelly and Lucy were both bridesmaids, and so they were still getting ready. I found Jason looking a little lonely. "Want to hang out?" I asked. "Yes, please, Tim," he said.

We strolled around, and I admired the female talent that was on show. I was particularly taken by a stunning woman who looked to be about twenty five. Her dress was equally stunning.

Jason saw me looking at her. "That's Laura, Albert's daughter from his first marriage. Or maybe it was his second, I'm not sure. I met her once. She sure is pretty."

Suddenly I had an idea. If I could date Albert's daughter, than it would give me an excuse to see Kitty. Time to turn on the charm, I thought. "Let's go over and you can say 'hello', and we'll see if she remembers you," I said.

We strolled over, very casually. "Hello, Laura," said Jason. "Remember me?"

Laura looked at Jason for a few seconds, and then recognition arrived. "Oh yes. You're Kitty's nephew. Jamie, isn't it?" she said.

"Jason," said Jason. "And this is my friend Tim."

I gave Laura my best smile. "Delighted to meet you, Laura." I said. "Would you like some champagne?"

"Lovely, thank you," she said, returning my smile.

Jason stayed with Laura until I returned with the champagne, then he tactfully disappeared. "So how do you come to know Kitty?" she asked.

"I met her through Jason's family," I said. "I live next door to them. I sometimes help out by looking after Jason and Lucy - well, I can't call it 'baby sitting' now, can I?"

Laura smiled. "And they like to come over and swim in my pool," I added.

"Oh, you're so lucky to have a pool!" she said.

"You don't have one?"

"No. I live in an apartment building, and we don't have a pool. So I have to go over and use Daddy's pool when I want to swim."

"It would be nice to go swimming today," I said.

"Yes, it's so hot out here," she replied.

"You know, I live nearby. We could go over to my place and have a swim. Nobody would miss us during the ceremony. We could be back in time for the reception."

"But I don't have a bathing suit," Laura replied shyly.

"We could skinny dip," I said cheekily. "My pool is private. And my neighbours are all at some boring wedding."

A naughty look appeared in Laura's eyes. "Let's do it!" she exclaimed.

We drove to my house, which only took about ten minutes. "You can change in the guest room there," I said. "Put your dress on the bed and it won't get wrinkled." 

I handed her a towel and she went into the room. I quickly took off my formal gear and put on a shirt and a pair of shorts. A few minutes later, Laura emerged wrapped in the towel. "Wow!" I said.

"Thank you," she said, smiling at me.

We went out to the pool, and Laura immediately dropped the towel and climbed down the steps. I stared. If I had thought that she was spectacular when she was dressed, I was lost for words to describe her when she was nude.

"It's lovely! Come on in," she said. "But I don't want to get my hair wet, so don't splash." She did a slow breaststroke lap of the pool while I took off my clothes and climbed into the water. Then she swam up to me and put her arms around my neck. "You just wanted to get me here so that you can fuck me, didn't you?" she said.

I was surprised by her directness, so I said, "Well, yes, I admit it. Is that OK?"

"Very OK," she said. "I love to fuck in pools. And out of pools as well."

She pulled herself up until her pussy rubbed the end of my very hard cock. "Mmm, nice cock," she purred. "Why don't you put it inside me?" 

I reached down and guided my cock into her pussy. I slipped all the way in right away. It reminded me of the first time that I had fucked Kitty. Now, why did I think of her, I thought. But then I focused completely on pleasuring Laura. She moaned as she slid up and down on my cock. I loved the feeling of her pussy. There is always something special about the first fuck of a new pussy, and I loved every moment. Then she squealed as we both came at the same time.

We swam around for a little while, and then decided that it was time to go back to the wedding. As we were drying ourselves, Laura asked, "So, Tim, have you fucked Kitty?"

I was astounded. But I played it cool. "Well, yes, I must admit that I have," I said. "Don't tell your father."

"Was she any good?" she asked.

"I have to say that she was pretty damn good," I said. "Your dad's a lucky man."

"Was she better than me?"

"Oh come on, that's not a fair question," I said. "I would have to spend the night with you to answer that."

"That could be arranged," she said casually.

I started to wonder if I really needed to see Kitty any more, now that I had met the beautiful and very obliging Laura. But then her next statement really floored me.

"You know, Dad's not as young as he used to be. And he's away a lot. He's not going to be able to keep Kitty satisfied in bed. I think that she might call on you from time to time to help her out."

"And... you would be OK with that?" I asked, surprised.

"Oh yes," she said. "My mother was a slut. She cheated on Daddy all of the time. He never found out. In fact, I might even join you. I'd just love to suck on Kitty's big tits while you fuck her."

"That's exactly what Kim said!" I blurted out. Then I realised what I had said.

"Oh, so you've fucked Kimmie too?" said Laura. "You are a naughty boy, Timmy."

I couldn't say anything.

"Good thing that I like naughty boys," she said. "I'm sure that we can work something out between you, me and Kitty. And maybe Kimmie too."

My brain felt like it was going to explode, as I imagined being surrounded by all of that fine pussy.

...

We returned to the wedding. The ceremony was over, and everyone had adjourned to the refreshment tent. We slipped in unnoticed, found our places, and joined in the festivities. First there was a lot of eating and drinking, followed by a lot of dancing and flirting.

I saw Lucy and Kelly running around, as children do at weddings, with another girl their own age. They were all wearing beautiful bridesmaids' dresses, and I thought that they looked like woodland nymphs at play. I called them over.

"Hi girls," I said. "You all look so beautiful."

"Thanks, Tim," said Kelly. "Oh, this is Angela. She's Albert's granddaughter. Angie, this is our friend Tim."

"Hello Angela," I said. "You really do look like an angel in that dress."

Angela blushed. "Thank you," she said shyly. "My mommy designed our dresses. She's a famous fashion designer."

Angela pointed out a dark-haired woman in a stunning dress. "There she is," she said. Then Kelly said, "Come on, Tim. We'll introduce you."

I pretended to put up token resistance as they dragged me across the lawn. "Mommy," said Angela, "this is Tim. He's a friend of Kelly and Lucy. Tim, this is my mommy Annabel."

"Hello, Annabel," I said. I held out my hand and she shook it tentatively, looking at me a little suspiciously. "I should explain," I said. "I'm a neighbour of Kim and Roger, and I met Kitty through them. And I sometimes look after Jason and Lucy for Kim when she has to go out."

Annabel's hard stare softened considerably, and she smiled at me. "Oh, I see," she said. 

Having finished the introduction, the girls ran away. "I take it that you are Albert's daughter," I said. "Yes, from his first marriage," she replied. 

The conversation wasn't exactly flowing, so I desperately searched for another topic. Ask about something that she's interested in, I thought.

"So Angela told me that you designed their dresses," I said. "They're beautiful."

"You know about dresses?" she asked.

"I'm a man," I said. "I know a beautiful dress when I see one. And a beautiful woman," I added.

Annabel blushed ever so slightly. "Thank you," she said.

Conversation then flowed easily. Annabel was divorced. Her busy schedule did not allow her much of a social life. I asked her if she would like to go on a date sometime, but she said that it could be a problem because she didn't like to leave Angela alone.

I was just starting to give up hope, when suddenly she said, "Actually, Tim, could you help me with something?"

"Sure," I said.

She led me to the room where I had fucked the bride just a couple of hours earlier. As soon as we were inside, she locked the door and turned to me. She put her arms around my neck, pressed her lovely body to me, and kissed me. Then this sweet, innocent looking woman really floored me when she said, "Want to fuck me?"

I was too stunned to say anything. She unwrapped herself from me and lay back on the bed. Then she pulled up her dress, in exactly the same way that Kitty had done. But whereas Kitty's underwear was all in virgin white, Annabel's stockings and panties were in naughty black.

I really have to stop fixating on Kitty, I thought. It's going to be difficult, as she's the best fuck that I've ever had, but I have to try. And what better way, than to treat Annabel to a visit from Mr Cock.

I pulled down Annabel's sexy black panties to reveal her beautiful smooth shaved pussy. She moaned when I licked her. "Oh Tim, just put it in," she pleaded. "I need it so bad."

Afterward, as we were dressing, Annabel said, "I'm sorry, Tim, but this has to be a one time only thing. My life is too complicated for anything else."

We'll see about that, I thought.

We went back to the party. Angela, Kelly and Lucy came running up to us. "Where were you, Mommy?" asked Angela. "We looked for you everywhere." 

Not everywhere, thankfully, I thought.

Of course I got to dance with the bride, as did every other adult male there. As we danced, Kitty whispered, "I still want to see you, but it probably won't be for a while. I'll call you. Kim can take care of you in the meantime."

Not to mention the beautiful Laura, and maybe Annabel, I thought.