 * * * * *

This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. THIS WORK CONTAINS ADULT MATERIAL, INCLUDING EXPLICIT SEXUALITY. IF SUCH MATERIAL OFFENDS YOU, PLEASE DO NOT READ FURTHER.

* * * * *

"You've been very kind," Sunita murmured.

"Auntie, please don't say that. You're my best friend's mother. It's my duty to help you."

"I wish there was some way I could thank you."

"There's no need."

Sunita smiled gently, looking at the handsome nineteen-year-old youth. The same age as her son, they'd been childhood friends. How they'd grown, she thought. He wasn't a kid any more; he was a young man, confident, poised, strong and, yes, sexy. 

She looked at Vinod again with renewed interest, her pulse quickening slightly, feeling a rush of excitement, a knot in her belly. Yes, sexy, most definitely sexy. She wondered if he had any sexual experience.

It was crazy. She couldn't be thinking like this. He was her son's age, she'd known him since his infancy, she couldn't be thinking of him as a lover.

Then again, why not? She was in her late thirties, she had a sex drive and it wasn't like he was a blood relative or anything. It wouldn't be incest. 

He stood just under six feet, lean and dark with fine straight features. His shoulders were wide, the torso hard and tough with a flat belly and a broad chest. His shirt was open low and she knew he didn't have much body hair. She liked that. His hips were high and narrow and his limbs were long and muscular. She wondered if he had a sizable penis; she liked well-hung men. Certainly the bulge in his crotch was promising.

"You must be hot," she murmured. "We've been out in the sun a lot. Why don't you have a quick wash and change, you'll be more comfortable. Then I'll fix you something cool to drink."

"Thanks, I think I will," he said. "I need to bathe."

"Come, I'll show you the bath."

She led him to the servant's bath, gave him a thin towel, a cake of cheap soap, a bucket and a tumbler. 

"The door doesn't lock, by the way, but don't worry about it. There's no one else home."

"Okay." The boy didn't seem embarrassed. Evidently he trusted her.

Sunita left him. Back in the servant's room, she stripped off the bra under her blouse, dropped her panties under her sari and even dropped the petticoat, deftly re-wrapping the sari so that it tucked in on itself, wrapped around her narrow waist. She wore it low, well under her navel, just above her crotch, high on her hips. Already her breasts were turgid, her stubby nipples stiff with excitement. 

She heard the water running in the bucket, heard the splash, the slap and squelch of soap on wet flesh. Taking a deep breath, she went back to the bath, softly opened the door. He was squatting, balanced on his toes, sluicing water over his back and head with the tumbler, his back to her and she stopped for a moment, sucking in her breath in excitement as she took in the sharp V of his body, the strength of his muscles rippling under his taut skin. He hadn't stripped fully, was still in his small, tight briefs and she saw how firm and tough his buttocks were. God, she wanted him! 

She picked up the ends of her sari and folded it up, tucking it into the waist to keep the bottom from getting wet. It showed her legs to above her knees. 

"Here, let me do your back," she said, taking the tumbler from his hands. "It needs a good scrub."

"Auntie!" he gasped in shock.

"Shut up, idiot," she said in mock anger, but smiling. "How long have I known you? I cleaned your bum when you were six months old, remember?" Not waiting for a response, she began soaping his back vigorously. "There, that's better, isn't it?"

The boy succumbed. "Mm, yes. I can never reach there!"

She ran the soap over his shoulders, down his back to his waist, up again, and then began to scrub it with a damp washcloth, her body bent forward over his.

"Stand up," she said. "I'm too old to keep bending like this." Her hands were at his waist, just above his briefs. She hesitated for a second, and then took the plunge, slipping her hands into them, over his buttocks. He froze, wriggled, and tried to break free. "Stop jumping about," she snapped as if there was nothing amiss. "C'mon, take them off."

"Auntie, no!"

"Oh, don't be silly, boy! What have you to hide from me? Now do as I say! C'mon, I haven't all day!"

She felt the tension in his body. Slowly, hesitantly, he hooked his thumbs in his briefs and rolled them down. Sunita stifled a moan of excitement. She soaped his buttocks, his thighs, calves, scrubbed them, moved up again. 

"Now lift your arms, Vinod. And spread your feet."

The boy seemed to be in a daze. He raised his arms and shuffled his legs apart. Sunita moved closer, moved the soap and cloth under his buttocks, her fingertips touching his scrotum. The boy squirmed. She drew away, did his underarms. He relaxed, thought she had finished. She lathered the soap afresh in her hands and quickly slipped her arms around him, soaping his neck and chest and belly. He tensed again as her hands moved lower. He tried to break way but now she had her arms around him and it was too late. Her hands were in his crotch, her fingers moving up and down over his penis. She bit her lower lip. It was wonderful, better than she'd dared hope, at last seven inches long and thickening rapidly as she worked it.

"Oh god Auntie, no!" he groaned.

"Yes, Vinod. Do as I say. Turn around."

"Auntie, please."

"Do it, Vinod. Do it because I ask you to. Please."

Trembling, he turned around and they were face to face. He was a good head taller than her. She ran her hands over his body, down to his crotch again, caressing his now massive penis, looked up at him.

"Have you had a woman before, Vinod? Tell me. Have you?"

He looked at her, confusion, despair, fear and excitement all mingled in his eyes. "Yes," he stuttered. "Yes."

"Older than you?"

"No ... no ... not older."

"It's different with someone experienced."

"Auntie, please," he moaned. "Please don't." But his body betrayed him. His cock throbbed in her hand.

"Water."

"What?"

"Water. You need to rinse. You're all soapy."

The boy turned and bent to fill the tumbler. When he straightened, she had let her pallu drop completely, had undone all but one button of her blouse. Her swollen breasts pushed at the cloth. Her long mangalsutra glistened in her cleavage. Her eyes glittered with hunger, her lips were parted. She cupped and lifted her breasts, squeezing them, pressed her tongue to her upper lip. Staring at her, he sluiced the water over himself and now didn't object when she took it from him and washed his penis. 

He took the tumbler from her; she stroked his cock in her fingers. He refilled the tumbler, bending sideways from the waist, then straightened and slowly tipped it over her neck and face. Sunita groaned softly, tilting her face up as the warm water trickled over her face and between her small, shapely breasts, down her back and shoulders, down her belly, soaking her clothes. She plucked at the knot of her sari and it came undone, fell to her feet and she took his hand in hers and pressed it to her crotch. Her cunt was wet, seeping juice and he gasped, hot and horny now, pressing his thick finger between her cunt-lips, knuckling her clitoris. Sunita moaned, arching her face and back, thrusting her breasts outward and he snapped the last button on her blouse. Her breasts bounced out and he bent his head and took one in his mouth, sucking hungrily, nibbling her stiff nipple. Moaning, she curled an arm around his head.

With a soft moan, she drew away from him, turning silently, slowly, his hand in hers and led him, wet and naked, from the bathroom to the servant's room just beyond. In the dank windowless room, she turned and kissed him hard, pushing her tongue in and out of his mouth, one arm around his broad shoulders, the other working his stiff cock. 

"I'm going to suck your cock," she murmured. "You can cum in my mouth if you want. I like that."

The boy groaned, despair and excitement still doing battle in his mind. She found it delicious. Slipping smoothly to her knees before him, she flipped back his foreskin and took his cock in her mouth quickly, started sucking it, working the bulging cock-head cleverly with his tongue. The boy cried out, his body lurching, spasming, belly snapping in with shock, hips thrusting at her face. Sunita moaned deep in her throat, her hands on his thighs, her face moving back and forth between his legs. His cock was thick and long and hot and its musky taste made her giddy with excitement. Whimpering, she caressed her face and breasts with it, her eyes hooded. The boy looked down at her, incredulous, disbelieving, enormously turned on. She was incredible. He'd never imagined a blowjob this good. But, still, she was his best friend's mother! She'd known him since he was kid, damn it! The battle raged momentarily, and then his body betrayed his mind, and the hunger of adolescence took control.

"Ohhhhhhh yes!" he gasped. "Oh god yes!" He flung his head back, his hands on her head, moving it to and fro now, his hips pumping. "Oh yes ... suck me! Suck my cock ... oh god yes!"

He still couldn't bring himself to talk to her like he did with some of the others he'd been with, to call her exciting, sexy, dirty names ... and what she was doing to him didn't let him use the honorific either. She realized his torment and savoured it wickedly for a long moment, sucking his cock like a slut, fondling her breasts, pinching her nipples. He groaned thickly, watching her incredulously, in deep excitement. Her face was distended with the thickness of his cock. She took his hands in hers, moving them off her head, keeping them pinned to his sides, her face rocking back and forth, turning this way and that as she used her tongue on his cock-head and every part of his shaft.

She ducked her head under his cock-shaft, dragging her teeth down the shaft lasciviously, her eyes tilted up to his, glittering with lust.

"Talk," she murmured. "Say what you want, Vinod ... let me hear it ... what you really want to say ... say it ... please ... I like hearing those words."

Vinod gaped at her. He couldn't. There was no way...

"C'mon whore! Suck it! Suck my cock!" he heard himself say, pulling her face back to his penis.

His words had a visible effect on her. She moaned loudly, throatily, throat and, releasing his hands from hers, took his cock deep in her mouth, her tongue whipping his cock-head in frenzy. Vinod cried out, his head arching, his hips jerking forward, his hands flying to her head again. She sucked him feverishly, her head rocking rapidly to and fro, her hands on his thighs. He pumped his hips back and forth at her face, moving her head in rhythm, fucking her mouth.

"Yes! Ohfuckyes!" he gasped. "Yes ... uhhh yes uhh c'mon, whore, c'mon! Suck harder, whore, suck harder!" scarcely believing what he saying and to whom.

On and on she went, her hunger and lust evident, insatiable. His loins were bursting with heat and he groaned thickly, in imminent danger of losing control. With all her experience, Sunita sensed it at once and immediately stopped, moving her head back, gently jerking his cock in one fist.

"Don't come," she murmured. "Don't you dare cum yet! C'mon! Take a deep breath! Yes ... that's good ... you can cum in my mouth later, not now." She looked up at him, her eyes glittering with lust, smiling lasciviously. 

She moved onto her back on the floor, drawing him down with her, over her, holding his head in his hands, kissing him hard, her tongue probing his mouth. He could taste himself on her. Her breasts were turgid under his chest, her stiff nipples raking his skin. The hard mangalsutra scraped his flesh.

"My cunt's burning," she murmured. "Lick me. Show me how well you can lick a woman's cunt."

Vinod's excitement flared again. He moved his face lower, sweeping his tongue over her long nipples, nibbling them sharply. She gasped, arching and he sucked on the small mounds, taking them deep in his mouth. Sunita groaned, her fingers clenching his hair. Sucking one breast, he squeezed the other, twirling her rigid nipple in forefinger and thumb, rubbing her mangalsutra over it. She whimpered, her face turning to one side, her hips writhing under his.

"Lick me," she groaned. "Lick my slit, Vinod! Hurry!"

The youth grinned to himself, his confidence increasing. This was terrific. She was incredible. What did it matter that she was his best friend's mother? He moved his head lower, over her flat belly, loving the taut smoothness of her dusky skin, unblemished and hairless. He swept his tongue through her navel, moved lower, nuzzling the damp fuzz between her slender thighs. The heady aroma of her cunt filled his nostrils. Her legs were splayed wide, her cunt-lips open, visibly wet. He looked at it hungrily. She moved her hands down to her crotch, pulling them open even wider.

"Put it in," she gasped. "Put your tongue into my cunt, Vinod! Lick it!"

Slowly, tenderly, gently, he dragged his tongue through her crack. The effect on her was electric. She gasped sharply, her body whipping up in a steep bow, her head arching back, her mouth in a wide O. He moved his tongue up and down her slit again, savouring the musky cunt-nectar, lapping at it. She whimpered, biting her lower lip sexily, her hands clenching his hair.

"Yes! Ohma uhhhhhhh yes! Oh god yes!" she moaned. "Oh Vinod! Uhhhh hanh ... uhhh yes!"

Now his tongue was working her cunt busily, flickering up and down, round and round, jabbing tantalisingly at her swollen clit and whipping it to and fro, laving her cunt-lips. Sunita's moans were loud, incessant, lewd. Her hips writhed under his face, jerking up and down. Her head flipped from side to side in an agony of joy as the heat built in her loins and flamed through her slender body. 

"Yes uhh ohma uhh yes uhhh yes oh god yes oh that's good ... lick me! Lick me! Yes! That's it!" she whimpered. "Do it ... don't stop! Keep licking!"

Vinod chuckled to himself, feeling strong and manly. Slowly, he slid a finger into her cunt, finger- and tongue-fucking her simultaneously. Sunita cried out in joy, her hips jerking uncontrollably under his face. He went on doing it, remorseless, torturing her as she had him, till, from her movements and sounds, he knew he had her on the very edge of an orgasm. And then he stopped, abruptly and without warning.

Sunita cried out in frustration, mewing and panting, clawing at him. "Don't stop now! Oh you bastard! Don't stop now!" she begged.

He grinned, moved up, straddling her body, kneeling over face, pushing his cock into her mouth. "Suck, bitch," he growled. "Suck it hard! Yeh! That's good! C'mon! Suck harder! Ahh yeh! That's it! Slut, I'm gonna fuck you really hard now!"

Lying beneath him, Sunita moaned deep in her cock-filled throat, sucking the youth's penis hungrily. Her lust was raging out of control, her head swam with excitement. The boy was incredibly good.

"Fuck me," she gasped, taking her mouth off his cock, jerking it, looking up at him. "Please, Vinod! Fuck me! Fuck me hard!"

Grinning, the lad moved down, kneeling upright between her thighs. She spread her legs wide and he pushed his cock-head to her cunt-lips. She moaned again, her hips writhing. Laughing softly, he took his cock in his hand and squeezed it into her cunt. It was incredibly hot and wet and tight and he cried out, his head jerking back, his belly snapping inward in shocked delight. Beneath him, Sunita arched, the breath hissing from her throat as the huge, hot hardness of his penis surged into her flesh. 

"OHMAUHH AHHH UHHH AH!" she went. 

"Yes! Oh fuck yes!" he gasped.

"Fuck me!" she groaned. "Fuck me, Vinod! Fuck me hard! Fuck me like a whore!"

The youth grabbed her legs by the calves, lifting them high and wide in his hands and began fucking her with long, deep, stabbing thrusts, rocking his lean hips steeply and swiftly to and fro, flexing and unflexing his taut buttocks. His cock ran in and out of her cunt, glistening with their juices, piercing her flesh deeply with each inward thrust. Her body jerked back and forth on the floor. She gasped and cried out in a frenzy of joy, her fingers splayed in tension, scrabbling at his arms, the floor, anything. 

"Oh uh ohma uhh ohh uhh ohma uhh OHHHH uhh ohma uh yes uhh yes oh god yes uhh yes fuck me! Oh yes! Fuck me!" she cried.

Her head flipped from side to side. She chewed her lower lip. Hissing her pleasure, she squeezed her breasts hard, tugging at the long nipples. His cock felt wonderful in her slit, thick and long and heavy and hard, mashing her gorged clitoris in its to and fro passage, probing the deepest recesses of her cunt, stretching her cunt-lips to their fullest. Her cunt convulsed and spasmed on his throbbing penis, squeezing it eagerly in its wet warmth. Her hips jerked and bucked up and down, her body rocking with his punishing thrusts. 

"Take it!" she heard him grunt. "C'mon, whore! Take it! Take my cock, you fucking slut! Tell me you like it!"

"Yes!" she gasped, thrilling at his words. "Oh ma uhhh yes, Vinod, yes! Yes! Oh god yes!"

He laughed, thick-voiced, moving faster and faster, his hips rocketing back and forth, ramming and pistoning back and forth, making her body toss and snap and jerk on the tiles. Sunita's cries rose, her back bowing and bending, her fingers clenching his arms, her head flung back, long neck craned, tendons popping in her throat. Her mangalsutra slithered this way and that.

With a soft moan, she pulled her trembling legs from his hands, slipped his cock out of her and quickly turned over, getting on her forearms and knees before him, her breasts pendulous, long mangalsutra dangling. 

"Fuck me like a bitch," she gasped. "From behind."

Vinod didn't waste time. Grinning, he pulled her buttocks open, pushed his cock-head to her cunt-lips and with a sharp forward thrust of his hips, plunged his cock deep into her cunt. 

"You want it? Take it, whore, take it!"

Sunita cried out loudly, her head snapping up, her body jerking forward, her mouth tearing open. His cock rammed into her and he began fucking her furiously, pummelling her buttocks with his thighs, ramming and slamming his hips to and fro, slapping them at her thighs, his fingers digging into her waist. Her body jerked furiously back and forth before his, her breasts jiggling, her mangalsutra flapping wildly. 

"OH MA UH OHMA OH VINOD UHH OH VINOD UH HANH OH OHMA UH HANH UH OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" she went.

"C'mon, c'mon, c'mon whore c'mon yeh oh fuck yes take it, bitch, take it all, c'mon you fucking bitch, take my cock! Yeh oh fuck yes uhh oh ... take it, whore, take it! Take my cock!"

Pausing fractionally, he moved up to straddle her hips in a deep squat, leaning forward over her, pressing down on her shoulders. His cock went deep into her cunt. He took a long breath and then, with a shuddering cry, began ram-fucking her furiously, his hips whipping up and down, back and forth, his buttocks flexing and unflexing, his cock ramming and pistoning steeply in and out of her cunt, appearing and disappearing between the curves of her buttocks. Faster and faster he went and, her torso angled downwards beneath his, her face turned on one side, her body jerking, hips writhing at his crotch, cunt convulsing on his penis, her cries echoing in the room, Sunita orgasmed violently. Her cunt cramped down tight on his penis and, above her, the youth gasped and, gritting his teeth, slammed his cock into her, once, twice, three, four times, each thrust drawing a cracked sob of joy from her throat. 
