 It has been one hell of a hot summer, I thought to myself as I turned the corner to finish the walk with my little dog. I looked down and caught sight of her little pink tongue nearly hitting the ground, she was so hot.

"Come on girl, just find any place to pee so we can go back to our air conditioning," I scolded her as I swiped my arm across my forehead. I gave her leash a tug as we passed yet another tree apparently not good enough.

Finally, about three blocks later, she found a rock that must have had another dog's scent because now it had Daphne's. "Good dog," I said as we turned and started home. Juggling the keys, the leash, and the doorknob, I could hear the phone ringing as we entered our cool house. Growling to myself a little as I kicked the door shut and dropped leash and keys as I ran for the phone. I had to smile as I glanced at the caller ID before picking up the phone.

"Hi baby, what's up?" I said when I answered the phone.

"I got some good news, I'll be home tomorrow," Mark said with a smile in his voice.

"No way, you're kidding?" I asked, afraid he might be joking.

"No, I'm not. I leave in the morning."

I sat down with the phone - afraid I might fall down - finally he was coming back, I sighed to myself.

"Meet me at the airport tomorrow afternoon?" he asked.

"Definitely, see you tomorrow, love ya!" I said as we rang off.

The drive to the airport the next day was through stifling heat. I parked, picked Daphne up and carried her in to meet Mark. We were blocked at the airport door by a security guard pointing at Daphne.

"It's 100 degrees in my car. You go sit out there," I argued.

"I'm sorry but dogs are not allowed in the airport terminal," the guard said. "Tie him up out front,"

"Fine but if she gets kidnapped I'll hold the airport responsible," I said as I headed back through the front door. I could hear the guard sigh as I stomped out, tied Daphne up and slammed the door as I came back in. I knew I was being childish but, in this weather, I didn't really give a shit. People are always told not to leave their pets and kids locked in a hot car and, since she was such a small dog, I hoped they would let me carry her in – and I was truly worried someone might take her.

"Can't go anywhere without raising a commotion, can you?" I heard a voice say from off to my side.

"Mark!" I practically screamed as I ran over to him, all my irritation from the last two years of waiting melted away in an instant. As I reached him I couldn't stop staring up into his beautiful blue eyes, filled with two years worth of love, lust, you name it.

"It's good to see you Jen," he said breathlessly.

"You too baby," I said as I slid my arms around his sexy six-foot body for a hug. My five-foot frame fit snugly against him as my breasts pressed into his chest. He slid his arms around my back to pull me tighter into our welcoming hug.

Mark's hand wound into my long blonde hair as he tugged my head back to stare longingly into blue, green eyes. "Mmmm, baby, I've missed you " I breathed as my love and passion-filled eyes gazed into his.

Then we both stepped back a pace. "Do you know what you're doing to me?" Mark whispered.

"Probably about what you're doing to me," I said as I glanced down at my nipples poking all the way through my bra and sundress. I giggled a little as I watched Mark stuff his hand in the pocket of his jeans to hide his erection. Hand in hand, we made our way out of the airport. I smiled as we passed the guard, who looked ready to let me bring in a whole dog pound if I wanted. He had caught our act and smiled back knowingly as he watched us leave.

"Damn, it's hot," Mark said as we climbed into my car and headed for my house.

"Could be hotter," I said with an evil grin as I reached over into his lap to run my fingertips teasingly along the line of his zipper. I couldn't wait to get my hands all over him as I felt his cock harden to my touch. My breath caught as he placed his hand over mine and squeezed my fingers tighter to the bulge in his pants.

His foot hit the accelerator faster as he growled at me, "Girl, you're asking for trouble. He then pushed my hand away as he smiled into my eyes. I laughed as he cranked up the air conditioning.

When we got to my place, we put Daphne in the backyard under an enormous shade tree with a big bowl of cool water. Then we made our way into the house. "I made some sandwiches and a fresh salad before I left the house. I figured you might be hungry after your flight," I said as I opened up the refrigerator and began taking out the fixings for lunch.

"Sounds delicious," Mark said as he eyed the sinuous movements of my body, beneath the light blue summer dress I wore, around the kitchen. For nearly an hour we ate, talked about his recent happenings overseas in the military, and what was going on with my job at the hotel. As I took a sip of iced tea I nearly choked on desire as I watched him remove his t-shirt. He just sat there and smiled as he watched my eyes sparkle with need. I couldn't take my eyes off his masculine beauty as I traced the line of hair between his nipples down to the tabletop, where I couldn't see any farther. 

"Come here, Jenny," Mark said as he watched me fidgeting on the other side of the table.

"Mmm, baby," I said, walking slowly around the table to stand in front of him. 

I've missed you too," Mark said as he wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me down onto his lap. He nuzzled his face into my neck as he breathed in the scent of my body. I heard him murmur, sending tiny electric vibrations over my skin, "Damn you smell good, honey. 

"Mmmm," I purred as I ran my hands and fingertips along the moist, silky skin of his back. Finally he raised his mouth to mine for a long-awaited kiss. Both of us moaned as our mouths nibbled, tasted, and licked each other's lips. I thrust my pelvis tauntingly on his lap as Mark lured my tongue into his warm mouth to twirl and dance with his. 

As we kissed, Mark slid the straps of my sundress down. His kisses moved to my neck as he reached between us to unclasp my strapless, light blue, satin bra. I tilted my head back and grasped his head as I felt his hot mouth moving closer and closer to my erect, waiting nipples. I groaned as I felt his mouth close on my right and begin to suck as his tongue flicked at its hardened peak. I thrust my wet, satin covered pussy a little harder at the bulge in his jeans. Mark took his mouth away from my body to slide me off his lap and get up from the table. 

Then, as if he couldn't get enough of my sweet mouth, he kissed me passionately and we slowly made our way towards my bedroom. Before I knew it the backs of my knees were touching the edge of the bed as Mark slowly lowered us onto the bed. His hands shook slightly and his eyes glowed with need as he slowly slid my sundress off my body. "I forgot how beautiful you are," he whispered raggedly as his head lowered again to take my left nipple into his mouth.

"Oh yes!" I moaned as he sucked my nipple into his mouth and his tongue caressed it. My hands rubbed and felt the muscles of his arms as he supported his weight over my body. Slowly I ran my hands from his arms to his back and then down his naked torso to the edge of his jeans. Mark buried his face between my beautiful breasts as he reached down and pulled off his boxers and jeans together. My hands moved down as I ran my fingertips over his taut naked ass.

I gasped as I felt his kisses, his mouth moving further down my body. My legs shook as he slowly slid my light blue, satin thong off and paused at the apex between my thighs to breathe in my scent. I started squirming as his tongue teasingly licked at my blonde, lightly covered pussy lips. My hands flew up to grip the pillow under my head as his tongue began to delve between my lips. My pussy began to thrust as his tongue became more insistent on my hardened little clit. "Mark!" I moaned out as he moved his tongue from my clit and he wiggled the tip just inside my aching, dripping little hole. 

Gently he stroked his tongue in and out of my pussy as he tasted my juices. Slowly he turned and moved his body along side mine so I could see and touch his throbbing erection standing straight out from his body. Immediately my hand grasped his swollen velvet flesh as I looked to inflict the same sweet torture he was using on my body. I felt the vibrations of his moan against my pussy as my fingers swirled circles on the head of his precum covered cock. As his tongue pushed deeper up inside me I wrapped my hand around his veiny cock and began to jerk him lightly. 

As his hips began to thrust, pumping his cock into my hand I stopped and reached down to cup and run my fingers over his skin roughed balls. 

"Oh Jenny," he growled as he pulled his tongue from my soaked pussy and moved in between my trembling thighs and started to slid the head his aching cock along my drenched slit. I moaned even louder as I twisted and squirmed under him.

I Thrust my pelvis up as he pushed the head of cock into my aching, tiny little hole. My hands flew to his back and pulled him tighter as his cock sank deeper and deeper in me. My nails raked his sweat-slippery back as his body thrust towards mine slowly. His thick hard cock piercing my folds repeatedly I screamed out, "Ohh God!" 

Mark grunted and paused as my pussy walls, hugged and tightened up on him.

"Ahh!" I moaned out as an explosion ripped through my body. My orgasm setting off his as I felt his body go stiff as his cock begin to squirt inside me. Ripple after ripple sliding through my pussy as his cock sprayed inside me.

Slowly his body relaxed over mine and his head came to a rest beside me on the pillow. "That was wonderful," I sighed as my hands caressed his sweat-drenched body. "Mmm yeah," he murmured in agreement as his tongue snaked out and licked at a salty droplet slowly running down my neck. He rolled off and lay beside me. We relaxed for a while letting our bodies revive and enjoy the cool air drifting into the room. 

"Be right back," I said as I got up off the bed and padded naked out to the kitchen. Returning a few moments later I paused in doorway as I took in the sight of his beautiful naked male body sprawled across my bed. "Here you go baby," I said as I handed him a chilled glass of champagne. We couldn't get enough of each other. As we talked and sipped our champagne, our hands caressed and fondled each other's genitals. 

"I think I need a shower," I giggled a while later, as I got up off the bed and made my way toward the bathroom. I stood under the showerhead letting cool water sluice over my body as I waited, knowing he would follow me. I braced my hands on the shower wall and lifted my face to the stream of water.

Sure enough, I silently laughed, as I felt his hands sneak around my body to cup my breasts. He stood behind me, the water falling around us, as his fingers played and teased my nipples until they were aching. I let out a soft moan as he lathered up his hands and began to wash my body slowly, lovingly. A gasp escaped my lips as his hand moved down between my thighs and his fingers teased my lips open. My legs began to shake as his fingers rubbed at my sensitive clit. I could feel his body swaying behind me as he rubbed his hard cock against my ass. I knew what he wanted as his cock pressed more insistently against my ass.

"Please don't, you know I'm a virgin there," I whimpered.

"You know I'd never hurt you baby," Mark whispered in my ear. 

"I know," I sighed. "I'm just not ready yet," I said. I turned in his arms, smiled and kissed his chest to soften my refusal. His hands came up and caressed my head as I moved my mouth to his and kissed his mouth deeply.

"When your ready, darling," he said as he watched me reach up and unlatched the shower head then I grabbed the soap and lathered my hands. I kissed him passionately again then as I kissed my way down his body I began to rub and wash his body.

He groaned as I kneeled down below him, took his cock into my mouth and began to suck. My hands caressed his soapy body as I sucked his cock deeper into my warm wet mouth.

I wanted to taste and swallow his seed so I pulled out every trick I knew. I moaned and hummed vibrating as I took him in even deeper. I looked up just as the tip of his cock hit my throat to see him throw his head back. His hips were bucking slightly as he fucked his cock into my mouth.

Sucking him kicked my desire into overdrive. Our moans filled the shower as his hands tightened in my hair. Feeling his cock pulse in my mouth I took the movable shower head to my pussy. I moaned on his cock as the pulsing jets twidled my hard little clit. I looked up after feeling a tug on my head to find him glaring down at me. "I need to fuck you," he growled as he pushed me off his cock and carried me out of the shower and into the bedroom. Mark stopped at the foot of the bed and bent me over it as he grabbed his cock and rubbed the head along my wet little slit from behind.

I moaned, "Fuck me." As I still tasted the precum in my mouth that ran from his cock as I had sucked him. Slowly he eased his cock into me. I rubbed my fingers over my clit as his thick cock plunged gently into me over and over. Just as I was about to cum he pulled out. "Oh no," I whimpered.

"How much do you want my cock?" he asked as he teased my aching little cunt poised on the brink.

"Fuck me Mark!" I yelled. "Please!"

"Mmm yeah, that's it," he murmured as he pushed his aching dripping cock back into my tight little pussy. 

"Oh God!" I screamed out as he paused and gripped my hips tight. He groaned as his cock swelled and erupted in my pussy. Feeling his cock jerk inside me, my body kicked back against him as my pussy exploded and began to convulse around him. 

"Oh shit!" He groaned as my pussy squeezed his cock, milking him . Then he pulled out of my pussy, lifted my body into his arms and laid me gently on the bed. Mark crawled beside me and hugged my sated and exhausted body against him. I moaned in my semi-awake state, "I love you."