 It was a Thursday, a school day, and it was Lucy's tenth birthday.

Lucy's father, Roger, was away on business, so Lucy's birthday party was to be held the following Saturday. But as my present to her, on her actual birthday I took Lucy, Jason and Kim out to dinner at McDonalds, and then to a movie.

At the movies, I sat next to Kim, with Lucy and Jason sitting on the other side of her. As soon as the lights went out, Kim's hand found its way onto my thigh. I dropped my jacket onto my lap, to hide both her hand and the erection that it soon caused.

After the movies we returned to Kim's house. "Fancy a coffee?" she asked invitingly. "Sure, thanks," I replied. What I really fancy is you, I thought.

As soon as we were inside, Kim said to the children, "It's late, and there's school tomorrow. So shower, then bed. Lucy, use the shower in my bathroom."

Jason and Lucy left the room, and soon we could hear both showers running. Kim came up to me and put her arms around my neck. "Alone at last," I whispered. She giggled, and tilted her head up for a kiss. It was a deep and prolonged kiss, which left her a little breathless. She gasped as I squeezed her ass, and she rubbed her pussy against my cock.

We heard the showers turn off, so we went into the den and I sat on the couch. Kim turned on the TV and muted the sound, and then she sat next to me. A few minutes later Lucy and Jason came into the room, ready for bed. Lucy climbed onto my lap. "Thanks for tonight, Uncle Tim," she said. "It was fun." Then she kissed me on the cheek.

"Yes, thanks, Uncle Tim," said Jason. And they both scurried off to bed.

Kim got up and came back with a bottle of cognac. "How about something that's a little stronger than coffee?" she asked. "Yes, thanks," I said. 

We sat and sipped the cognac. Much as I wanted to fuck Kim right there, I knew that it was too risky. So we talked. Probably for the first time since I had met her.

Now I had always thought of Kim as a fuck toy, and certainly it was something that she was very good at. And in fact, I thought that she was a bit of an airhead. But as we talked, I realised that I was wrong. Kim told me that she had become pregnant when she was eighteen, just after leaving school, and so she had never had the opportunity for any further education. But I discovered that she was quite knowledgeable, and it was enjoyable to talk with her. I thought about Kim and Roger's relationship, which I knew was tenuous at best. I suspected that their marriage only survived because Roger was away on business so much. What a pity that Kim is wasted on such an unappreciative jerk, I thought.

We talked until suddenly I realised that it was after midnight, so I got up to leave. Kim walked me to the front door. Then she put her arms around my neck and kissed me deeply. Both the cognac and Kim's company that evening were having an effect on me. As Kim broke off the kiss, suddenly I whispered, "I love you, Kim."

Kim's first expression was surprise, but then she broke out in a big smile. "I love you too, Tim," she said. Then we kissed again. And before I could say anything else stupid, I said goodnight and left.

In the safety of my own house, the enormity of what had happened hit me. What had I done? Kim had seemed to be quite happy for us to be friends with benefits, but what would she expect now? A messy divorce? Marriage to me? Not that marriage to Kim would be bad, except that even now she was never happy about me fucking other women. If we got married, she would certainly put a stop to my extra-curricular activities. I didn't get much sleep that night.

Fortunately I didn't see Kim the next day as I worked late, but then Saturday and Lucy's birthday party rolled around. Kim earlier had asked if the children could use my pool and I had agreed. "You don't need to help with the party, just be pool lifeguard," she had said. She had told me that Roger would be there, and she had asked one of her cousins, Susie, to help out. Kitty and Kelly were unable to attend, as they were going to a wedding for one of Albert's distant relatives in another city.

Yells and shouts announced the arrival of the party guests next door, and so I changed into my swim trunks and a T-shirt and sat outside next to my pool, awaiting the influx of partiers. As it was a hot day, it didn't take long before the pool was filled with squealing and yelling young girls.

After a while the girls tired of swimming and they returned to the party. A few minutes later, Roger appeared at the gate between our properties, two beers in his hand. "Fancy some company?" he asked, handing me a beer. "It's total mayhem over there."

Now I didn't care much for Roger. Apart from the fact that, apparently, I was in love with his wife, he was very boring company, mostly talking about himself. But I sat quietly, drinking the beer and nodding occasionally, half listening to what he was saying. I guess that I owed him that much, as he very considerately was away from home so much, allowing me many opportunities to fuck his gorgeous wife.

I finished the beer, and was thinking about getting up and getting a couple more, when a very pretty girl appeared at the gate in the fence. She looked to be about eighteen or nineteen, and I guessed that she was Kim's cousin, Susie. There was a family resemblance between Kim and Susie, and so I thought that's what Kim would have looked like when she was eighteen. No wonder she was popular with the boys, I thought.

The girl came over to us. "Hello, you must be Tim," she said, extending her hand to me. "I'm Susie, Kim's cousin." I shook her hand. "Nice to meet you, Susie," I said. "Yes, I'm Tim."

"Kim sent me to get you, Roger," she said. "It's time for the birthday cake. And she said that I should invite you over as well, Tim."

I followed Susie through the gate and into the house, admiring her gorgeous ass encased in very tight, short shorts. The birthday cake was duly cut, and 'Happy Birthday' was sung, and we all had some cake. Susie spent a lot of time chatting with me. She was obviously flirting, and I had no choice but to flirt back, much to Kim's displeasure.

Finally Kim had had enough, and she took me aside. "Why are you flirting with Susie?" she asked. "Well I had to," I said. "I didn't want her to think that I'm gay. Or worse, that there was something going on between you and me."

"Oh, I didn't think of that," said Kim.

Wishing to keep the peace, I made a strategic withdrawal as soon as possible.

The next morning, Sunday, I thought a lot about both Kim and Kitty. At least one part of my love life had been simplified, as a couple of weeks ago, Laura had accepted a job in Europe, and she had moved there.

Shortly after lunch, I saw Roger leave for his usual game of golf. I desperately wanted to see Kim, but as Jason and Lucy were home, there was no opportunity to do this. Then I heard a car pull into the drive, and I saw that it was Kitty and Kelly. I guessed that they had come to wish Lucy a happy birthday.

If didn't take long for them all to appear at my back door. "OK for the kids to have a swim?" asked Kim. "Sure, I said," and all of the children dived into the pool. "Come on inside," I said to Kim and Kitty.

We went into the kitchen, and I started to fix some drinks. Then Kitty spoke. "So Tim," she said," I hear that you're in love with Kim."

I had been expecting this question, and I had thought a lot about the answer. "Yes, I am," I said quietly. 

"So, where does that leave you and me?" she asked.

"Well, that's the problem," I said. "I'm in love with you too."

Kitty gave me her best sexy look, and then she said, "Well, I guess there's only one answer. You'll have to fuck us both at the same time!"

I was stunned! "Really?" I said. "You're both OK with that?"

"Well, why not?" said Kim. "You can't marry both of us. And if you married one of us, we know that you would cheat with the other. So why don't we just keep things as they are. Would you be happy about that?"

"Oh yes, I would," I said. "Now, about that threesome..."