 As usual my husband Greg had parked me at our country home in Maine for the summer.

It is a nice enough of a location, on the outskirts of a small village, secluded enough one did not need to worry about their dress all the time. Many a nice afternoon I would wander about almost nude in the garden without fear of being observed.

One of the attractions of the cottage is the large pool below my balcony with it sparkling cool water, which offers relief on hot days. There is something refreshing about swimming in the nude I always enjoy.

Being a helpless woman on my own Greg employed the services of old Peter Greco to make daily calls and look after the pool maintenance and whatever else requires attention. Greco is a stout fellow in his sixties who lived with his wife a short distance down the road.

Other than Greco I had little company and usually ventured into town for lunch to meet others. 

Being a mature woman in my late forties I did not have to worry about advances by young Casanovas. I could move about the locals without drawing undo attention.

The weeks were long and I always craved male company. 

I have fucked several of the locals from Sam Levi who operates the town hardware store to Sheriff Purdy who stops by to check on the "city lady" whilst making his patrols. The local yokels find me to be an interesting summer diversion and enjoyed scattering their seed in my forbidden garden. 

The waiter in the local bistro is not my type but is a convenient lover. Once or twice during the week Andrew will visit and help satisfy my need for sex.

Andrew is a tall, dark and handsome type in his early thirties. He is married to the cook at the bistro but has a huge appetite for sex, which made him an ideal relief valve for me. 

It had been a few days since Andrew had taken care of me; he said he was having trouble getting away from the wife. I was getting very needy and devised a plan to remedy the situation.

Greco was making his regular visit skimming the leaves from the pool. Casually I wandered out onto the balcony nude. Greco looked up and I waved to him.

It was not unusual for Greco to see me in the nude. Often I was at the pool naked during his visits. I knew he appreciated my naked body and full breasts. I was unshaven being well past the need to alter the natural beauty of my cunt.

I gesture to Greco to come up to my room. He looked confused so I emphasized I wanted his presence in my boudoir. Greco put down the skimmer and entered the house.

I took my place sprawled across my bed on my back with my open legs greeting the caretaker as he entered my room.

Greco held his straw hat in his hands and stared at my waiting pussy.

"I need to be fucked!" I told him.

Greco smiled. 

The elderly handyman began removing is coveralls. As he removed his shorts I saw he was erect and ready to take me.

I never questioned why I was fucking the hired help who was old enough to be my father; I just needed a cock in me.

Once naked Greco mounted me. I opened my legs to accept his cock in m hungry cunt.

He entered me with little difficulty, my pussy being accustomed to Andrew's larger cock. My legs wrapped around his hips to embrace him.

His breath smelt strongly of tobacco as his mouth covered mine. He filled is hand with my bare breast as we kissed. My hips bucked up seeking the satisfaction of his hard meat.

Silently we fucked fulfilling each other's needs.

It must have been a while since Greco had enjoyed intercourse. His movements were spasmodic and quite unskillful. I found it necessary to set the pace for our fucking.

The old man made animalistic grunting noises as he rutted in my cunt with his wizen-up dick. His abundant pubic hair agitated the sensitive skin surrounding my fleshy opening.

In spite of the annoyances his cock felt good in me, feeding my need to be fulfilled.

"Oooow!" I cried as his rough hand squeezed my tender breast too hard.

He answered by thrusting his cocking me extra hard.

It was a fuck of self-gratification, each of us satisfying our need to release pent-up emotions.

Greco groaned like a wounded animal as his sperm escaped ejaculating into my vessel. I was close enough that his cum triggered my own orgasm. I bit my tongue as my cunt shuddered with its much-needed climax.

"Thank you. You may go now." I dismissed the worn-out caretaker.

Silently Greco got off my unresponsive body and dressed. 

"Wednesdays shall be your days to service me." I advised Greco as he left my room. 

Greg's car lumbered down the lane early that Friday afternoon. He usually did no arrive until almost dark after the commute from Bangor. He was not alone, a young redhead lad sat beside him in the BMW.

"This is Jeffery, Jeff is my new assistant." Greg introduced us. "I invited Jeff to spend the weekend with us and relax."

A weekend with thus young stud, the gods were smiling on me.

Greg and I enjoy a fairly open relationship. I am aware that he enjoys the odd young secretary in the city and he knows I am not faithful during his absence. I do not know what he had discussed with Jeff but imagined fucking me was included. 

It had been a warm day and Greg suggested a dip in the pool before dinner.

I changed into my black one piece and joined them. I found at my age what they didn't see fascinated them more than what they could. The one piece gave my breasts good support accenting their size. The leg openings were high cut displaying a large expanse of white skin and my mound pressed out against the tight crotch of the suit.

The suit had the desired effect on out young guest. I found his staring at me no doubt imagining what treasures lay beneath the opaque material. With a little luck he would soon find out.  

Dinner was uneventful. I learned Jeff was engaged to a young schoolteacher and due to be married in six months. He told us is fiancé was a high school sweetheart and had been the only love in his life. 

While he did not actually say so I got the distinct impression Jeff was still a virgin.

After dinner Greg got out a game that we played with a few intimate friends. The gist of the game was that everyone got naked and performed outrageous "dares". 

We all had enough to drink that our inhibitions had vanished. The stage was set for an exciting threesome.

Taking the lead from Greg I quickly began loosing my clothes. Soon I was sitting in just my bra and panties with Jeff's eyes popping out.

"I think we should fuck my wife." Greg said.

Jeff did not believe what he had heard, an invitation to fuck the almost naked woman sitting across the table from him.

It promised to be a perfect evening. I was to be fucked by my husband and a promising young virgin. How I adored being the first for a hard young cock. My pussy was moistening already.

"Oh dear, two of you!" I feigned distress. 

"Don't worry, she could handle the whole office." Greg assured Jeff.

"What makes you think I haven't?" I smiled. 

My mind flashed back to the previous year's Christmas party.

It had been at the exclusive Glendale Golf and Country Club and I had been a sensation in a red sequin gown with a neckline that plunged to my navel and a side split up to my waist. In a true spirit of adventure I had worn the dress sans underwear.

Six cocks had discharged in me that night, including old man Bartlett's, the proprietor of Bartlett Enterprises.

One after the other they had taken me into the cloakroom and hiked the sparkly dress up over my ass and buried their dicks in me.

I recall he wonderful sensation of dancing with my husband and his boss's cum leaking down my legs.  

"Why don't you show Jeff how proficient you are at sucking cocks?" Greg brought me back to the present.

Jeff was amazed; his work associate was suggesting his wife should suck his cock.

Boldly I reached into Jeff's shorts and grasped his erection. He was rock-hard and his cock twitched in my hand as I extracted it out into view. He sat scared stiff as I took him into my mouth. 

There is something special about having a man in your mouth. All day his cock has been growing hard and softening, as he has been stimulated by the smell and sight of various bits of fluff passing though his world. 

In my mouth he grew even harder. The smooth skin on his helmet felt silky soft as my taste buds passed over it. My lips sealed around his cock as I inhaled forming a vacuum around his meat.

As I sucked his friend's cock Greg unfastened my bra and allowed my tits to spill out.

Jeff's relief came in one giant spurt filling my mouth with his built up load of salty cum. My teeth were awash in a sea of his thick stringy baby batter and pools of it rested on my tongue. A quick gulp and it all slid down my throat.

"Nice!" Greg complimented as he watched me swallow Jeff's load.

"How long since you've had two cocks?" my husband asked.

Not as long as he thought actually. There had been that day a couple of weeks ago when two bikers were passing through town.

"Too long!" I diplomatically replied.

"Do you like ass fucking?" Greg asked out guest.

The young virgin was thrilled just to get his cock wet in a woman, never mind anything as exotic as anal intercourse. 

"I guess so." He uncertainly answered.

"Get ready dear." Greg ordered.

I assumed the position on my hands and knees while my husband peeled my panties down over my ass. I was ready to be sodomized.

Greg took me first; firmly grasping my bare hips his hard cock opened my sphincter. Having been corn-holed on many occasions my anus accepted him without restraint. In one smooth thrust my bowels were stuffed with my husband's cock.

Greg has this habit of reaching under me and playing with my clit while he fucks my ass. This drives me crazy and makes me drive my ass back hard onto his dick.

Greg worked my dirt chute with a familiarity that he had acquired after years of filling my ass with his cum. His rhythm and mine were synchronized, in and out in long deep strokes. I felt his balls bounce off my cheeks on each inward plunge. 

Greg has the perfect size cock for my anus. My sphincter slides smoothly over his shaft as he travels in and out of my back door.

Jeff watched fascinated as my free breasts swung wildly as my body rocked back and forth. He knew his cock was soon to replace my husband's in my dark tunnel.

Greg cried out as I felt his wetness enter my ass. He groaned as his soothing cream coated my bowels.

"Quick!" he said pulling out of my ass. 

He wanted Jeff to enter me while I was still open. Hurriedly Jeff replaced Greg's cock with his. The transition was smooth, the rhythm hardly interrupted. Now Jeff's cock was sliding in and out of me on a layer of Greg's cum. 

Jeff being a novice at ass fucking more or less went along for the ride. With my asshole gripping his cock I worked his meat like a sausage grinder. 

Jeff was just getting into the routine when his cock inadvertently escaped my ass. In his panic to reinsert it he mistakenly entered my cunt.

The shock of his hard cock filling my cunt triggered my passion.

I started really getting wet. Soon my pussy was dripping as my juices bathed Jeff's cock.

I could only moan incoherently as the young cock took me to my favorite place.

Greg was offering my mouth his dick fresh out of my ass. As Jeff slammed me from behind I took my husband into my mouth. He was pungent; I detected my musk on his cock. I knew Jeff was near spraying me with his sperm.

Cum flowed into me simultaneously from both ends. I felt Jeff's cum quenching the fire in my pussy as my husband fed my belly his rich protein. 

Jeff shared our bed that weekend and returned to the city Monday morning an experienced lover.

As I watched Greg's car disappear down the road I could see Sheriff Purdy's prowl car approaching. It was going to be a good summer.