 Sweat slowly dripped down my body as I stared out of my bedroom window into his window. He paced around his room with his back towards me, fresh out of the shower. He had a towel wrapped around his waist and his long, thin fingers ruffled his sweet, strawberry blonde hair. The small of his chiseled back from years of playing sports flexed with every ruffle and made my heart flutter but also jerk at the same time.

"Jade! Earth to Jade!" my best friend, Clara, hissed, reeling me back to reality. I stopped staring out the window and focused my attention to Clara, sprawled out on my floor only in a bra and panties, talking about how we were going to be freshmen in college next year. I glanced down at my body and felt a little inadequate. During our summer before college, her breasts grew larger and her waist thinner. She cut her chocolate brown locks into a sexy and sporty pixie cut and got her nose pierced with a small stud. Her splay of freckles on across her nose gave her an innocent touch but we both knew she was a wild one. 

Although it was only us two, she wore a lacy, black push-up bra that made her big boobs even bigger and matching lacy, black panties. Ready to pounce at any time, she called it. I on the other hand, wore a plain white bra and grey boyshorts... my last clean pair. Although I wasn't as hot as Clara, I definitely worked on my figure. My boobs were on the smaller side (think B cup) but I made up for it in a tiny waist, bigger butt, and thin legs. I usually covered my boobs with my long black hair that I rarely put up. I didn't like to draw attention to them.

"Anyway, as I was saying, I can't believe your air conditioning is broken. It's like 100 degrees, Jade."

"Tell me about it. I can't breathe in here."

"Pft. Yeah, and it's not the air conditioning either." She hopped up from the floor and scooched her body to the window. "You're totally checking out Caiden. I mean seriously... If I lived next to that... I would too. Everyday. Like. You." Clara glanced back at me with her playful blue eyes and devilish smirk.

I scrunched up my nose and rolled my eyes. "Yeah, I really like his body... but I hate his guts. We used to be best friends in elementary and the beginning of middle school but as soon as he grew a little he became an ass. Dropped me like a hot pie right out of the oven."

"And you wish that was a cream pie."

"Clara!"

"What!"

Although I was a little ticked off, I giggled because it was a little bit funny. "You know for my 18th birthday he texted me that he had a surprise for me, asked me to come to his house and then nothing. I waited there for like two hours like an idiot. It was so awkward. His parents let me into his room and I just waited there... and then I left. I had to say goodbye to them!"

"Did you snoop? Look on his computer? Find some porn? Maybe some white guy on Asian girl to fulfill his lifelong desire?" Clara asked excitedly.

"I wish. I honestly just fell asleep and when I woke up he wasn't there. I assumed he bailed."

We sat in silence for a little longer as we watched Caiden pick out some clothes. He was very picky about it, trying on four different outfits before settling for a plain grey t-shirt and a pair of black athletic shorts.

"You know... He's having a party tonight at his pool. We should go. And you know what... We should dress you up like an Asian goddess and show him what he's missing!" Clara declared. She jumped up from the floor and clapped her hands together. She twirled around and grabbed the rectangular glasses off my nose and set them aside. She fluffed out my thick black hair and began to giggle, running her fingers through my hair. I knew that I could never say no to one of Clara's makeovers.

I glanced out the window one more time into Caiden's window and gasped. 

"What?!"

"It's... nothing." I looked down and my hands. I swore I saw Caiden's icy blue eyes meet mine right before he stepped out of his room.

~

A few hours later of trial and error and bags of Flamin' Hot Cheetos, Clara pushed me in front of the mirror. I gasped. I really did look like an Asian goddess. My hair was pulled back in a slick and seductive pony tail that tickled my back. My eyebrows were expertly filled in and she made me wear contacts. My almond-shaped eyes oozed sex appeal with her mastered smoky eye and long, extended fake eyelashes. My contouring and highlight were on point and made me look like an Instagram model and my lips were perfectly plumped and glossed.

"I-I-I can't believe this is me. You are literally a magician, Clara!"

"Haha, I pulled out all the stops for this one. A little last revenge before we go to college."

"Yeah, I think I need it." 

As the sun started to set, we began to hear a soft pumping of music coming from his backyard and people coming and going from his house. I picked a simple black triangle bikini and bottoms to match. Clara went all out with yet another push up bra bikini, lavender this time, and black bottoms. We checked ourselves in the mirror once more before giddily going over.

The party was already in full swing when we got there. Almost a hundred people or more were jam packed in Caiden's living room, kitchen, and back patio. Everyone was wearing swimwear and danced to the music that was loudly pumping throughout the house. I honestly could feel my heart and bones shake with the music vibrating so loudly. 

As Clara veered off into the kitchen to see some other friends of hers, I slowly stepped out into the backyard. As soon as the sticky, hot summer air touched my skin, I felt like everybody had stopped what they were doing and stared at me. I couldn't hear the music anymore. All I heard was an ocean of nothingness in my ears. I swallowed heavily and continued to walk, meeting stunned expressions of my former high school classmates.

Before long, my eyes found a familiar pair of icy blue eyes. This time, they were even icier than usual. Caiden stood with some of his football teammates, who were also staring at me. While they didn't hide their stunned expressions, his stoic face turned into a glare. He stared at me for what seemed like eternity and then snapped his head away in a second. What was his problem? Why was he ignoring me like this? It was definitely not what I expected from him. Granted, I wasn't expecting him to flock to my side and beg me to be his but I wasn't expecting him to pretend I wasn't even there.

While Clara left early with a hot guy she snagged, I made small talk to my former classmates about which colleges we were going to, final good byes, and the good old days. Throughout the night, I couldn't help but feel a certain pair of eyes boring into my skin and making me a little hotter down there. Eventually, the party died down but I somehow, didn't want to leave. When the backyard emptied out, I sat down at the edge of the pool and dipped my legs in, inviting the warm, yet cooling, sensation of water. I slowly lowered my body in and laid on my back, looking up into the starry sky. I closed my eyes, a little disappointed that Caiden didn't even notice me this whole time. 

"Finally. It's just us."

Startled, I opened my eyes and saw his fine, handsome face staring down at me from above the pool. 

"What? What do you mean?" I raised myself from my floating position and stared up at him.

"I know what you were trying to do, getting all glammed out. Everyone was talking about it, Jade. All the guys are probably gonna jerk off to it tonight," Caiden scoffed.

A little smirk tugged at the corner of my lip. "You sound a little jealous there, Caiden," I tempted. I thought he was going to turn around and storm off but he surprised me. Caiden jumped into the pool and a strong arm wrapped around my waist and pulled me in close to his body. A little gasp escaped from my mouth as our faces were only a few inches away from each other, bodies pressed together tightly. Caiden's eyes were bluer than usual with the pool's illumination.

"Of course I was jealous," he growled. Taken aback, my heart tugged towards him and I felt hotness between my legs. "God... You don't want to know the things that were going through my mind. I couldn't even keep looking at you because I was so fucking turned on." His fingers crawled up my back and found the strings to my bikini top. He slowly pulled them and my top fell in between us, my breasts exposed to him. 

I paused before saying anything. I couldn't say anything. My body wanted him to ravage me but my brain wanted me to leave. He ignored me when we were in high school together and now after I put on some makeup he's making a move on me? "Yeah well you just like it because I look hot. You never batted an eye at me before," I retorted, turning away and covering my breasts.

"That's not true, Jade. Honestly, I prefer the regular you. The shy, cute one that never has her hair up." I heard his arm reach up from the water and gracefully untied the ribbon that held my caged my hair. My hair brushed my bare back and I drew a breath in. I turned around and stared at him, letting my arms fall to my side. His eyes darted down to my exposed breasts, lingered for a moment, and stared back into my eyes.

"I just... Never got the timing right. I avoided you because I noticed how beautiful you were getting and I couldn't help it. I didn't know what I'd do if I got close to you. On your 18th birthday, I was going to tell you how I truly felt. Well, I got way too nervous and bailed the last second. I was going to tell you how beautiful you were and surprise you with your favourite cake... Confetti."

I smiled a little. Confetti was my favourite.

Caiden took a step closer and pulled me back into his arms. I stared at his lips and then up his nose and into his eyes. He stared back at me for a little bit before he leaned in and kissed me. A jolt of electricity pulsed through my body. I kissed him back and grabbed the back of his neck, feeling his soft hair between my fingers. I opened my mouth a little bit and his hot tongue and breath entered. He explored it so expertly and our tongues gently danced before his tongue returned home and I let out a small groan. 

I couldn't help it and wrapped my legs around his waist. He lifted me up from the water onto the edge of the pool and untied the rest of my bikini. I leaned down and began to kiss him again as his hands found their way to my breasts, each of them fitting perfectly in his big hands. He thumbed over my already erect nipples and sent a shiver up my spine and a moan into his mouth. He pinched my nipples between his forefinger and thumb, rolling them gently, making me moan even more and feel even more hotness between my legs. 

"Let's... move over there." I pointed to a lone padded lounge chair near the edge of the pool. Caiden raised himself out of the pool and his swimming trunks clung to the outline of his fully erect penis. My eyes bugged out at the big size, begging to be in me. He saw me staring and picked me up princess style, walking me over to the lounge chair. 

Caiden gently laid me down and planted his hips between my open legs. We kissed again, this time, my tongue exploring his mouth. I focused on the sweet taste of his mouth as my hand traveled down his body and found his penis. I wrapped my hand around it and he let out a groan of pleasure.

I turned the tables on him and sat him on the lounge chair, pulling his trunks down, swiftly. I grasped his large member in my tiny hands and glanced up at him. Caiden reached out and stroked my hair, a warm smile on his face. My face inched closer to his penis and I slowly stuck my tongue out, feeling the soft, tight skin. He bit his bottom lip as I took more of him into my mouth. His penis felt cramped, too big to be in there but at the same time, right and fucking dirty. I began to bob my head slowly up and down, letting my tongue glide on the bottom of his shaft.

"Jade... Oh my god..." he whispered, his eyes intensely staring at me. I quickened my pace and his hands caressed the back of my head, encouraging me to take more even though I'd reached my limit. I groaned with every down stroke, my bottoms dampening. I couldn't take it anymore and undid the strings of my bottoms. Immediately, the cool summer night air that caressed my exposed pussy, was taken by the feeling of a finger, gently running its way up and down my slit. I moaned into his penis, still in my mouth. Caiden stopped encouraging me with his other hand. He stood up from the chair and placed me on top instead. 

He spread my legs, my vagina exposed to his eyes. He glanced up at me, reached up and placed one of his hands on my breasts while the other made its way back to the moistness between my legs. I gasped, as his finger slowly entered my pussy. It felt like fireworks exploding and I couldn't keep it in. I gasped and moaned uncontrollably. Caiden began to pump his finger in me while his lips made their way to my clit, slowly sucking, his tongue flicking.

"Ah... Ah... Ah... Caiden..." I moaned, unable to handle the pleasure and ecstasy that was pulsating through my body. My back arched with another pump of his finger, sending pleasure waves through and another moan escaped my lips as he let go of yet another suck of my clit. "I can't take it anymore... I need you inside of me please..." 

Caiden immediately stopped what he was doing and stood. He loomed over me and placed his arms on both sides of me. "Spread your lips for me," he demanded. I obeyed, my fingers reaching down and gently spreading my labia lips, exposing my wet, creamy hole even more for him. Caiden inched his body closer to mine and grabbed his penis with his hand. He moved the tip up and down my groin and sent shivers down my spine. I bit my lip in anticipation, my body craving his penis in me with every little feeling and tingling I had.

"St.. st... stop teasing me already. I've waited freaking forever for this!" I hissed, irritated that he wasn't in yet.

Caiden chuckled and stopped his tip touching the opening of my pussy where his finger had just fucked. "Yeah well me too," he replied, finally, thrusting his hips forward, propelling his penis into me. 

I moaned louder than I thought could ever come out of my body. Not just a shock, but a thunderbolt of ecstasy rattled through my body, making me moan, shiver, and yearn for more. Luckily, I didn't have to wait as Caiden let out a low, grumbling growl. His eyes met mine again and I could see the lust that he had pent up inside for so long. He began to thrust again, with each thrust shaking my core and making moan so loud I swore I saw a neighbour's light go on. 

Caiden must have noticed to because he placed one hand over my mouth, a way for me to keep quiet. Well, two can play at that game. I opened my mouth and two of his fingers slipped in. They tasted like salt, chlorine, and my own juices. I closed my mouth and began to suck, staring him in the eyes. Caiden groaned even louder and his thrusts fastened. "Jade... Fuck... That's so fucking hot."

My hands made their way to his wrist and I held it tightly, opening my mouth, gasping for air and swirly my tongue around each finger, running it up and down. Caiden's eyes lit up and his thrusts hit deeper in my walls. They squeezed the welcomed invader and sent messages of pleasure throughout my body making my body buck wide.

As he pumped away, the hotness in between my legs grew exponentially. I couldn't hold it in any longer. My legs began to quiver with anticipation and with his free hand, he gathered my juices and slowly thumbed my clit. I moaned once more a hot, flashing feeling engulfing me and pouring me over the edge. My vagina had a mind of its own and began to pulsate, wrapping its walls around his penis, pulling it in and in, never wanting to let go.

"Holy shit... Jade!" Caiden quickly left the warmth between my legs and climaxed himself, his hand once on my clit now around his penis. Semen flew out from his tip and the hot and sticky substance landed all over my breasts and abdomen. After he finished, Caiden flopped belly first next to me on the lounge chair. I took the hand I had in my mouth and swiped up a small sample of his cum to taste. Staring into his eyes, my tongue flicked out to taste the new substance. He shivered and bit his bottom lip, staring at the interaction. My tongue accepted the taste and I licked the rest off of his hand. I then used my own fingers to transport the rest of the cum from my body into my mouth. 

"Fuck. Jade. Why didn't we do this sooner?" Caiden whispered, grabbing a small lock of my hair and twisting it between his fingers. "That felt fucking amazing..."

"Yeah, well you tell me, Mr. Icy Eyes." I reached over and brushed his soft, strawberry blonde hair out of his eyes.

Caiden chuckled and quickly sat up. He pulled me up with him and gently kissed me on the lips. "Well then, why don't we head up to my room and make up for lost time."

--

Hi everybody,

This is my first (and hopefully not my last) story here. I hope you enjoy it and CC is more than welcome!

Thanks,

Purpleeduck