 Mike enjoyed his last few days of the quiet life before Mr & Mrs Leigh returned. It wasn't that they were too demanding when they were at home, but they did expect their staff to do that for which they were paid. When they returned, routine was soon established and life continued placidly.

As his next days off neared, Mike made plans to return to the City, chiefly in order to collect his beloved BMW motorcycle. On the due day, Lenny dropped him off at the Jitney stop and just as the bus approached, his cell phone rang. It was Joanne Leigh.

"Michael, is that you?"

"Yes, Miss Joanne."

"Are you headed back to the City?"

"I am indeed, Miss, but I can't talk now as the Jitney has just arrived, and they have a strict policy on cell phone usage."

"Would you call me when you get in? I have a favor to ask." 

"I certainly will, Miss, but I have to go now as the Jitney's here."

Mike climbed into the cool bus, and settled into the comfortable leather seat. He was more than happy to pay the extra for the Ambassador Service, as it was so much more civilized. Why, you even got a glass – well, plastic – of wine.

It being a weekday, the journey was uneventful and darkness was just falling as Mike walked the few blocks from the bus stop on 3rd Avenue to the Leigh's apartment on 5th. He let himself in, went into his little sitting room, poured himself a glass of wine and pressed Joanne's speed dial. She obviously had his number programmed into her own phone, as she greeted him by name when she replied.

"Michael? Are you in town now?"

"Yes, Miss Joanne. What can I do for you?"

"Michael, my girl friend had to come to New York on a business trip, and I came with her. I left a set of earrings in my Uncle's apartment on my last visit. I can't think how that happened – I must have got distracted. Anyway, could you find them and bring them over to our hotel this evening?"

Mike affirmed that he could, of course, do this small task, and she gave him a description of the earrings and the name of her hotel. Mike checked the guest room, and found that the housekeeper had put the jewelry, which she obviously didn't recognize, in a prominent place with a note addressed to him. He thought that he might as well get cleaned up before he went out, so that he could stay out after his errand if he wished. He shaved, took a shower, and dressed himself in a pair of black leather pants, a black shirt and lightweight black sport coat. He admired himself in the mirror, and thought of a couple of trendy spots in the Village whom he might deign to grace with his patronage later on.

He took a cab to Joanne Leigh's hotel, where he gave his name to the Security Guard, who made a phone call. 

"You're to go right up, Sir. It's room 2047."

Mike hopped in the elevator, found the room quite easily and knocked on the door. It opened, and a complete stranger with a towel wrapped round her head peered out at him.

"Are you Michael?"

"Yes, I am."

"Oh, Hi! I'm Jo's friend, Miriam. Do you have her earrings? Come on in, she'll be out of the shower in a minute."

She opened the door, and Mike walked past her into the large room. Miriam followed him, and crossed the room to call into the bathroom, "Jo, honey, Michael's here. I'll give him a drink while he waits for you." Miriam crossed the room, her long Shanghai Tang bathrobe clinging to what Mike could see was a stunning body.

"Red wine?"

Mike nodded, she brought the wine over and indicated to Mike where he should sit on the couch. As he sipped his wine, Miriam reached up and loosened the towel around her head. "I hope you don't mind, but Jo will be hogging the dryer for a few minutes." She used the towel to rub her shortish, blonde hair dry and to pat it into some kind of shape. 

"I hear you ride a motorcycle. I was quite a bike fan for a while." Miriam said by way of a small talk ice breaker, and on Mike telling her what sort of bike he had they spent the next few minutes comparing notes and discussing the relative merits of BMW machines as against Harley Davidsons, or, "Hardly Rideables" as Mike somewhat scathingly called them. Unbidden, Miriam refilled Mike's wine glass as the level sank. Mike noticed this, and slowed down his sip rate. He also noticed that as she leant forward with the bottle, a little more cleavage was revealed each time. 

Eventually, the bathroom door opened, and Joanne emerged. She was also wearing a silk robe, but hers was far shorter than Miriam's showing a great deal of her curvaceous thighs. Mike rose to greet her, and the exchanged pecks on the cheek and Mike handed over the earrings. 

"That's so good of you to bring these over on your day off.."

"Not at all, Miss Joanne. It's no trouble at all."

Joanne stood back and looked at him. Her arms were crossed, as she held her robe closed. She looked across at Miriam, who poured some more wine for the three of them, and the two women held hands and looked at Mike in silence. He was starting to feel a little uncomfortable.

"Miriam took a gulp of her wine, "Shit, Jo, you're right. He does look good in those leather pants."

Joanne looked at her girl friend, "You should see him out of them."

"And you say he gives good head?"

"Miriam, baby, he's almost better than you."

"No shit! And I learned from the best, Jo, you."

The two women put down their wine glasses and embraced warmly. Breaking off their kiss and panting slightly, they looked each other in the eyes and approached Mike until one was standing on each side. They each took a lapel of his coat and eased it from his shoulders before draping it over the back of a chair. Mike stood still, a little unsure as to what was expected of him. He noticed that the two women's robes had become a little disheveled, and he could see most of Joanne's left breast and the dark triangle between her thighs that he remembered so well. Each woman kissed his cheek and he found his head being pulled towards Joanne, who kissed him on the lips. Pulled the other way, he found himself in an open mouth kiss with Miriam, whose tongue rapidly invaded his mouth and darted around. He could feel two sets of arms embracing him, and busy fingers undoing his shirt buttons then running through his chest hair. His shirt joined his jacket, and as Joanne pulled him round for a kiss, he felt Miriam's hands running over his leather covered butt and up and down his legs a few times, each time getting closer to his groin.

Joanne broke of the kiss, and knelt down on the floor next to Miriam. They both caressed his legs and butt one last time before reaching for his belt buckle and fly zipper. As they opened his pants, his penis sprang free, although remained encased in his silk boxer shorts. Miriam pulled the elastic of his shorts out, and looked in.

"That'll do nicely for one of us later!" she said mischievously, as she and Joanne pulled his pants down. They pushed him onto the sofa, and when he was seated, they were able to pull his trousers, socks and shoes right off. Standing up, they looked at one another, and pulled Mike's boxers off as well. The stood, simultaneously unbelted their silk robes, and shrugged them off their shoulders to lie in two shimmering heaps on the floor.

Mike looked from one to the other. Joanne's body he remembered well from a couple of weeks ago, notwithstanding his subsequent trysts with Erica and Siobhan. It did look as though she had started to work out a bit, as her tummy seemed a little firmer. Miriam, on the other hand, obviously spent time and money working on her body. Her 38D breasts rode high on her chest, with the raspberry nipples pointing slightly above the horizontal. Her tummy muscles were tight, and a tightly curled landing strip of black hair showed above the conjuncture of her thighs. She caught Mike staring at it, and said with a smile, "Holy crap, Mike, with a name like Miriam you expected a real blonde?" They each grabbed Mike by an arm, and pulled him up. He held them both close, feeling their nipples dig into his side and their coarse bushes rubbing against the outside of his thighs. He kissed them alternatively, as they shuffled a little awkwardly towards the bed, rubbing their backs and their buttocks with his hands. Miriam pulled away, and lay flat.

"My turn first. You've tried him already." So saying, she pulled Mike down beside her and they began a gentler open-mouthed kiss, as Mike's hand drifted down her body to her tummy and back up to her breasts. She gave a little gasp as he tweaked her left nipple, and another as he tweaked the right. Moving his head down, he nibbled each nipple in turn, then gave alternate nibbles with his teeth, and tweaks with his finger and thumb. As he changed his oral action to alternate swirling motions of his tongue around her nipples, his hand moved slowly down her stomach, past the neatly tailored patch of fur to the hot, slimy morass of her vaginal opening. His fingers gave a gentle swipe over her slippery lips to carry some moisture up to lubricate her clitoris and as he very tenderly stroked it, she let out little squeals. 

Aware of movement, Mike glanced up, and saw that Joanne was lying on the bed, facing him and Miriam. Her leg was raised, and he could see her finger glisten with moisture as she slowly played with herself. She moved her eyes from his down towards Miriam's mound, then back to meet Mike's gaze again. She nodded her head towards where his fingers were causing Miriam to buck her hips a little, then she stuck out her tongue and waggled it provocatively from side to side.

Mike took the hint, and began to run his tongue down over Miriam's stomach, where he paused to run it round her navel. Continuing south, he soon reached her soaking vagina where he gently licked her swollen, red labia, before thrusting his tongue into her. He adjusted his position so that he was lying flat on his stomach between her thighs, his penis leaking slightly onto the bed cover. He concentrated hard on Miriam's pleasure, reacting to her squeals and moans of pleasure as he varied what he was doing. He licked her lips, he slurped inside her, he ran his coarse tongue over her raw sensitive clitoris, then sucked that tender bud into his mouth and nibbled it gently.

As he did this, he was half aware of Joanne moving, and before he knew it she was lying face down on top of his back, and he could feel her pubes rubbing against the back of his knee. He bent his leg, and he felt the wetness as she began to rub herself against his calf muscles. He reached round under her with his right hand, and was able to get his fingers into contact with her clitoris, which he stimulated whilst she rubbed herself on his leg..

Mike was now fully occupied. His mouth was French kissing Miriam's vagina, whilst he had maneuvered his left hand so that he had a couple of fingers running up and down inside her. His right hand was stimulating Joanne, and as he sensed both women reaching orgasm, he realized the only one not getting much out of this apart from some contortions was himself.

Miriam now began bucking hard against his face, and he had to move his hand away from Joanne to hold her hips down as he frantically licked, sucked and nibbled her into orgasm. With a shrill scream, Miriam convulsed as she came, clamping her thighs on Mike's head. Three enormous, body wracking spasms, and she relaxed. Joanne flung herself from Mike's back onto the mattress next to her girl friend, and tugged on Mike's hair.

"Quick, my turn, I'm nearly there."

Mike sashayed across the bed, leaving a thin snail trail of seminal fluid on the bed. He plunged head first between Joanne's thighs, and began munching on her as he pushed two fingers inside. Within seconds, she whimpered, quivered violently, and, as before, spurted gobbets of liquid down over Mike's chin as she came. Mike knelt up and looked down at the two gasping women, their vaginas red and shiny, pubic hair matted and coiled, their bodies slick with sweat and their chests flushed with orgasm. He flopped down between them, wiped the body fluids from his face on a pillow, and lay on his back. In turn, Joanne and Miriam turned to face him, and reached across him to hold hands. As they did so, they brushed against his still rigid penis.

Miriam spoke. "Poor boy, we can't leave him like this."

"No, we can't. Do you want to?"

"Do you? You're more into the penis thing than I am."

"OK, I'll take care of it, like it's another household chore!" she laughed.

Mike was again beginning to feel a little detached from the proceedings, as he felt Joanne move. Her head went down his body, and she said, "Do you mind if I do this? I'm just too tender from your ministrations to . . . you know." With that, she lowered her head even further and began to give Mike the best blowjob he could remember for a while. She used her tongue and teeth on the glans and her fingers on the shaft with such grace and artistry Mike hoped that the experience would never end; Joanne seemed to be doing her best to prolong the experience for him, using a light delicate touch and stopping frequently to blow on his penis and cool it.

Meanwhile, Miriam had moved, and was watching closely. She looked up at Mike, and said, "I think I could go one more round." and she levered herself upright, and placed her knees either side of Mike's arms. Edging forward, she positioned her vagina over Mike's mouth and lowered herself so that he could reach. "Just lick at the lips, I'll do the rest." she breathed. Mike licked at her labia, swallowing the juices, as Miriam gently but with increasing speed rubbed her clitoris. Mike was aware of Joanne also rubbing herself with her free hand as she ministered to him, and before long all three of them climaxed with seconds of each other. Miriam came first, with a little cry, and Mike felt his ejaculation being sucked fiercely from him and swallowed by Joanne, who shortly after succumbed to her own self-administered orgasm.

The three of them collapsed on the bed and dozed of in post coital exhaustion. Mike woke first and as he stretched to get into a more comfortable position, he couldn't help but wake the ladies.

Miriam gave a stretch, and reached for her lover.

"Fuckin' hell, babe. You were right. This guy can eat pussy. Mike, honey, are you sure you're not a closet lesbian?"

Mike laughed. "No, I'm not. However, I found out a long time ago that it's much more fun for the man if the woman enjoys it too. So I went and took some lessons."

Both women sat up.

"You took lessons?" burst out Miriam.

"Yes. I found this amazing hooker in London when I worked at The Palace. We actually met socially, and it was a while before she told me that she was on the game. I asked her to show me round, as it were, and show me the sort of things that you girls enjoy. She ended up enjoying it too, and in the end I was getting a discount."

"Is that for real?"

"It certainly is. I needed several sessions to complete the Course of Instruction, but I think it was almost the best £4,000 I ever spent."

"Almost?"

"Well, it's a toss up between that and my first motorcycle."

The women laughed and playfully hit him with pillows. Joanne looked at Miriam and nodded. They sat up, and Miriam spoke, "Mike that was great. Those lessons were worth every penny, but Jo and I need a little private time right now." Mike nodded, and made for the bathroom where he took a hot shower, turning it to cold for the last half-minute or so. As he returned to the bedroom, he avoided making eye contact with the girls who had draped their robes around them. He dressed, and held his jacket in his hands as he turned to say goodbye. Both women rose to walk towards him, and he could smell the sourness of the drying sex juices on them as they stood before him with their robes unbelted and hanging open.

"Thank you, Mike." said Miriam. "And thank you for being understanding about leaving us alone. We're sort of a couple, but we're both a bit more bi than totally lesbian. Maybe we haven't come to terms with our sexuality yet, but we're working it out."

"Thank you, ladies. I enjoyed it too." Said Mike with a smile.

Miriam smiled back, "Those lessons of yours were worth the money. I know a couple of women who could use your services whilst they're out in the Hamptons all week and their husbands are in the city. I'll make a couple of calls, if you like."

Mike smiled back. "I always endeavor to give satisfaction, Miss Miriam." and he made for the door. As he went to open it, he heard Miriam call him.

"Mike! Just remember – when you write your memoirs, don't use our real names, will you?"

He closed the door behind him, rode the elevator to the lobby, and rode a cab to the East Village to see what else the evening had in store for him.