 Mike watched Erica drive away, and climbed back into the Cherokee to return to work. The day passed quite pleasantly, as with no residents there wasn't a huge amount to do. Indeed, thinking ahead to his date with Siobhan that evening, he took a nap in the afternoon in order that he would be fully rested.

At the appointed time, Mike arrived at Siobhan's employer's rented house, and he parked up at the rear by the garage. As he got out, Siobhan came to greet him, which she did with a gentle hug and a peck on the cheek. Her flaming red gold hair was held back from her face by a black headband, and she wore a light cotton sundress. 

"Good to see you" she said, and took his hand as she led him into the house. "I've got some food ready, if you want a quick bite before I get you to see the item I need your help with." 

They walked through to the kitchen, where places were set either side of a bowl containing a cold pasta salad. They chatted inconsequentially as they ate, Siobhan explaining that she would have called Mike sooner, but that her employers had kept her busy the whole time. It hadn't helped when the nanny had left, adding a fair amount of childcare to her duties. They had gone to New York for a couple of days to interview nannies, and she hoped that this would ease her burden somewhat. Not just the physical burden of the extra work, but having lost a child herself in a miscarriage after a road accident, she found looking after somebody else's child very hard.

When they had finished their food, Siobhan put the plates and utensils in the dishwasher. 

"So," Mike asked her, "What was it that needs my attention?" 

Siobhan blushed slightly, and said, "It was something that you helped with before. Remember we said we'd help each other out if we needed something?" Mike nodded. "Well," she continued, I need you to make love to me again. I want to be held, and cosseted and made to feel special. And I want to try a couple of new things."

"New things?" asked Mike, raising his eyebrows. 

Siobhan blushed again. "That time we had together last time woke up some feelings that I haven't had for a long time. I've missed you, and I've fantasized a bit. Come on, follow me."

Mike followed her through the house, noting that he could just make out the shape of her firm slender body through the tin material of her sundress as she walked. Thinking that were heading for her small apartment over the pool house, he was surprised when, instead, she led the way outside to the pool area. Surrounded by trees, the pool was secluded allowing privacy for the users. Siobhan led the way to the hot tub, and Mike noticed that steam was rising from it. She turned to face him. 

"This is one of the new things I wanted to try." she said, and proceeded to remove her dress. She was naked beneath it, and Mike once again took in the sight of her body. The small, firm breasts, the tight stomach and the strong legs, but there was something different. It took him a little while to notice, but it looked as though she had trimmed back the wild growth of red hair between her legs. She turned from him, and slid into the tub. 

"Come on in, the water's lovely." Mike quickly stripped, climbed in and sat beside her. She turned her head, kissed him on the lips, and their hands began to wander over each other's torsos. His hand found her breast, and she moaned slightly as he teased the nipple into even greater hardness. She adjusted her position, moving slightly away and when Mike asked what the matter was, and she replied with a grin. 

"Oh, nothing's the matter. I'm getting the water jet to blow just right." 

He could feel her squirming as he moved his hand down, and could feel the warm jet of water as he reached into her pubic hair. She pulled his hand away, and said, "It's OK, I'm ready, just slide across here." Mike moved across, and felt the flow of water on his penis. Not for long, because straight away Siobhan moved over in front of him. With her back to him, she guided the tip of his penis into her, and slowly sat down. 

Mike eased his bottom forward on the seat so that he could penetrate her more deeply, and reached up from behind her to hold her breasts in his hands. Siobhan began wriggle on his penis, and the combination of his penis inside her, the stimulation of her nipples and the blast of warm water against her clitoris soon had her moaning with delight as she rode to orgasm. He held her as she calmed down, and she got off him and sat beside him again. Reaching down, she felt his erection.

"Looks like I beat you to it again. Shall we go inside for round two?" 

They picked up their clothes, and ran naked and giggling like school kids into her apartment. Grabbing a couple of towels from the bathroom, they quickly dried off and Siobhan pushed Mike back down onto the bed. 

"This is the other thing I wanted to try," she said, as she lowered her head towards his still rampant erection. 

"It's OK." said Mike, "You don't have to do that."

"But I want to." she replied, "Now don't talk as I can't reply. A lady shouldn't speak with her mouth full." 

She held his penis in her hand, and rubbed the hole in the end gently with her thumb to spread the precum. Suddenly, she lowered her head and began to do the same thing with the tip of her tongue. Combining this with a firm stroking of the shaft, and a gentle sucking motion, Mike knew he wouldn't last long. She ceased what she was doing just long enough to say, "You can come in my mouth. I want to try the taste." before resuming with a vengeance. 

Already highly aroused from the session in the hot tub, it was a very short time before Mike found himself erupting helplessly into Siobhan's mouth. Despite what she had said, she gagged slightly and pulled her mouth away leaving him to spurt over her hand as his stomach. She hopped from the bed and ran to the bathroom, and Mike heard the sound of gargling before she returned with a damp washcloth to wipe him clean.

"I'm sorry about that, but I've never done that before and it took me by surprise a bit."

Mike held out his arms for her, and she cuddled up next to him. 

"Are you sure it was alright for you?" she asked, "It was so good when you did it to me last time that I wanted to do it for you. I read up on how to do it on a site I found on line."

Mike held her close, "It was great. And thank you for being so thoughtful. But if you enjoyed it when I did it for you, are you ready to try it again?" 

Without waiting for an answer, he gently pushed Siobhan over onto her back and kissed her. Slowly, he kissed his way down her body paying a lot of attention to her breasts on the way. When he reached her lower stomach, she opened her legs and Mike saw that not only had she trimmed back her pubic hair, but had shaved it around her lips. As he gazed, he saw the labia swell slightly, and open slightly, glistening with moisture. 

"May I?" he said, as he blew gently onto her, 

"I thought you'd never ask." she replied breathlessly as he placed his tongue delicately on her lips and began to lick away the juices that began to flow. Spreading her open with his hands, he began to give her a tongue-lashing that had her groaning with delight. Every so often, he moved slightly, and darted his tongue over her clitoris, then he began to do this with increasing frequency. Finally, he sucked the clitoris into his mouth as he inserted two fingers into her and began sliding them in and out while he sucked frantically. She bucked against his face, and he felt his chin and hand getting soaked as her juices oozed past his fingers.

Siobhan began to make wailing sounds, and suddenly stopped her movements and just shuddered against him. She gently pushed his head and hand from her, and began to pull him up the bed. 

"I want you inside me, now." she said.

Effortlessly Mike slid himself into her. 

"Just fuck me, now, hard. I want to feel your cock hammering into me." 

Mike began to move in and out, and heard Siobhan keep up an almost incoherent flow of words amongst which he could just make out, "harder" and "faster". He felt her buck against him, and as he felt himself start to ejaculate, she screamed, and went completely rigid, save for a rapid shuddering as she reached her own orgasm. Her vaginal muscles gripped him so hard that was unable to move, and it was with some relief that he felt her whole body begin to relax. Breathing hard and sweating, they clung to each other as they came down from their orgasmic highs, and Mike eased himself from on top of Siobhan to lie beside her. 

"That – was – amazing!" Siobhan whispered as she nestled into the crook of his arm. "I never felt that way before. It was even better than last time. Thank you." 

Mike held her close and kissed the top of her head. 

"Thank you," he said, "It was special for me, too."

"Did you like the way I shaved for you? It was on the same website that I read up about doing it for you. Says it makes it more sensual for both – it worked for me!"

Mike grinned, "I noticed. And yes, I liked it. You're even more perfect than you were before. Now, let's get cleaned up before we sleep." They showered together, familiar now with each other's bodies, and returned to the bed. 

As Mike spooned up against Siobhan's back, she whispered, "Good night, lover of mine" and they both drifted off to sleep.

The next morning, Mike woke to find Siobhan still in his arms, though during the night they had moved so that once again she nestled in the crook of his arm. He lightly kissed her forehead, and she stirred, sleepily. 

"Good morning, you." she said, looking up at him.

He lightly kissed her again, and asked, "How do you feel this morning, Siobhan? No remorse, like last time?"

"No remorse. Just fulfillment" she replied, and moved slightly up against his body to kiss him. Their lips parted, and they enjoyed a long, gentle kiss as their hands began to roam delicately over each other. Mike's erection began to manifest itself between her thighs, and she opened them slightly to allow it to grow. She lifted her leg, and hooked it over his and he found the tip of his penis rubbing gently against the smooth, wet entrance to her vagina. Still gently kissing, they adjusted their bodies so that he slid smoothly into her, and they slowly rocked their way to gentle, almost simultaneous orgasms.

After they showered and dressed, Mike got ready to leave. Siobhan's employers were due back later that day, and she had a lot to do. As he got ready to get into the car, they enjoyed a lingering kiss. 

"We must do this again, soon" said Mike.

"We must," replied Siobhan, "But I think I need a bit of recovery time! I'll call you, I promise."