 Craig was married. And I knew that at the beginning.

It's important to make that as clear as possible up front, because I need to be sure that you, dear reader, understand that I didn't intend for things to go as far as they did.

It started in the summer of my 19th year. I was working as an intern at the local radio station, for the morning shock jocks. The guys (Eddie and Ralph) were really cool, and flirted with me like crazy, but they also had insanely jealous girlfriends who would kill them if it went further than a little playful ass-grabbing, or the occasional "accidental" brush of my firm breasts against an arm as they reached for a cup of coffee. 

One morning, during a production meeting, the door opened and the most drop-dead gorgeous guy I'd ever seen in my life walked through. He was six feet tall, with thick wavy black hair and piercing royal blue eyes. He wore a black suit and gray silk tie, and the minute he walked in, my nipples tightened and began to ache, and I felt myself squeezing my thighs together under the table.

"Hi everyone," he said. "My name is Craig MacAllister. I'm the new programming manager." His voice was deep and sexy, and made me instantly wet as I began to lose myself in a fantasy involving those lips against my ear, saying naughty, dirty things to me as his big hands roamed my body, touching, squeezing, caressing, dipping into secret places...

Suddenly I realized that the room had gown quiet. Lily, one of the other interns, nudged my foot under the table. I looked around to see everyone staring at me. Craig's eyes held mine, and I panicked.

"Your name," Lily hissed at me under her breath.

"Oh. Oh," I said. "I'm sorry. I thought – I didn't realize it was my turn. Um... Kayla. Kayla Callahan."

"And you're one of the interns," Craig said.

I nodded.

I spent the rest of the meeting flushed bright red, and when it ended, Lily came over to me. "You sure were staring a hole into MacAllister," she teased.

"God, he's so hot!" I exclaimed. 

She shrugged. "He's okay, for a white boy. Doesn't matter, he's got a big platinum wedding band on his finger."

I gave her a look. "Like that means anything."

"Kay, you can't possibly go after him. You need this job to graduate."

"And what better way to get a good review?" I said, only partially kidding.

She laughed. "You're awful."

The rest of the day passed around me as I felt like I moved in slow motion. My panties were absolutely soaked through, and I was certain that I was surrounded by an odor of sex. I couldn't help it; I could not stop thinking about Craig – his eyes, his voice, those big, strong-looking hands...

Suddenly, a voice broke into my haze. "Kayla, right?"

I turned my head in the direction of the sound. There he was. My breath caught. "Right," I managed. 

He smiled.

"Was there, uh... can I do something for you, Mr. MacAllister?" I asked.

"I have a daughter about your age," he said.

"Really?"

"Yeah," he said. "Listen, this is a really weird thing for me to ask you, since I don't really know you, but –"

"What?" I asked, thinking, Anything... I'll do anything... just ask...

"Well, we're new to town, and she doesn't really know anyone. I was wondering if you'd like to come to the house tomorrow after work and just, I don't know, show her around? She's a little shy, and her mother and I – well, we're worried about her making friends here."

"Sure, Mr. MacAllister," I said. "I'd love to."

He gave a sigh of relief. "Great. Thanks. Oh – we have an inground pool, so if you wanted to bring a swimsuit, that would be okay. Or you guys could go out. Whatever you think."

"Sure thing," I said, reaching around him to pick up some files, making sure that my 38C breasts pressed against his hand, which rested on the filing cabinet.

He blushed, and I said, "Oh, sorry about that."

"Uh... right. I'll, uh – I'll see you tomorrow, then."

"See you tomorrow," I said, feeling absolutely giddy about the lusty look in his eyes.

The next day, as I got ready for work, I made sure to dress as provocatively as possible without making it look like I was trying. I put on a sheer pink bra and panties – so sheer that my dark rose-colored nipples were clearly visible. I pulled on a tight white T-shirt, knowing that it would be almost see-through under the fluorescent lights in the office. Pulling on tight jeans and strappy sandals, my outfit was complete. I grabbed a white bikini and a beach towel, threw them into my bag, and headed for the bus stop.

When I got to work, I found that Eddie and Ralph kept finding reasons to call me into the studio during the show. During the course of their banter, they determined that I hadn't been performing satisfactorily and that I needed a "spanking." 

"Except I don't think she'll feel it through those jeans," Ralph said. "I think we're going to need her to pull them down, don't you, Eddie?"

"I don't know, guys," I said into the microphone, knowing full well that I'd take any opportunity that I could to ensure that Craig might walk by and see me in my underwear.

"What's the matter, Kayla?" Eddie teased. "Aren't you wearing panties today?"

"Of course I am," I said in mock indignation. "What kind of girl do you think I am?"

"Well, then, I think you need to follow instructions," Ralph said. "Come on, let's get those jeans off!"

After a little more obligatory objection, I unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans and slid them down over my firm thighs, stepping out of them. Eddie and Ralph stared at my pussy, clearly visible through the sheer fabric of my panties. Their mouths dropped open for a second, then Eddie recovered.

"For those of you out there listening who can't see what we can see right now," he said, "you poor bastards."

"Wow, Kayla, those are some HOT panties you've got on," Ralph said.

"Why, thank you, Ralph," I replied demurely.

"She's wearing panties?" Eddie said. "You can't even tell!"

"Okay, Kayla, come here and take your punishment," Ralph said. "Bend over my knee."

With a smile, I walked over to Ralph and knelt on the floor, my abdomen bent over his thigh, my face in his crotch. I looked up and grinned at him.

"You nasty little girl," he murmured with a smile.

"How many smacks does she get?" Eddie asked.

"I think five from each of us sounds about right," Ralph said, his hand resting on my ass, rubbing almost imperceptible circles around my tight buttocks.

"Okay, then," Eddie said. "Go for it. How's that ass feel, by the way, Ralph?"

"Like a ripe peach," he said, and I felt his hand slide just below the waistband of my panties. I looked at him, surprised, and he put his finger to his lips to signal for me not to comment.

With a grin, I put my head down and wasn't very surprised when I discovered that he had a raging erection. I rested my cheek against it and began moving my face against it. 

WHACK! His hand came down on my ass, and I yelped, burying my face in his lap. He pressed his erection against my face as the next four smacks came.

"Okay," Ralph said, his breath coming hard and fast, "time for you to go over to Eddie."

As I stood, I noticed out of the corner of my eye that many of my male co-workers had gathered at the studio window. As I hoped, Craig was among them. I turned to Eddie.

"Do you really have to spank me?" I asked in my best innocent voice. "My butt kind of hurts."

"I don't Kayla, what other option do I have?"

"I'll do anything," I said, and I noticed a stirring in Eddie's pants as well.

"Anything, huh?" he said. "I don't know. What did you have in mind?"

"Hey, if she says she'll do anything, then tell her to take her top off," Ralph teased.

Eddie looked at me to see if this was okay. "Would you be willing to do that?" he asked.

I nodded to reassure him that I was fine with it. "I don't know," I said aloud.

"Well, it's either that or the spanking," he said.

I pretended to hem and haw about it for a while, then "reluctantly" agreed. I reached for the bottom of the tight T-shirt I wore and pulled it over my head. Eddie's eyes bugged out of his head as he saw that my bra might as well have been non-existent. I felt empowered, standing there practically naked, my erect nipples exposed to my employers and, more importantly, to Craig. I didn't dare look to see Craig's reaction.

"Wow, great cans," Ralph said.

"Thanks," I said in a mock-shy voice.

"I don't know if this is enough to punish you, though," Eddie said. "I think I'm going to need more, what do you think, Ralphie?"

"I think she should sit in your lap and let you squeeze those things until the next commercial break," Ralph said.

"No way," I said, nodding to show that I was okay with it.

"Come on, Kayla, you agreed that you deserved a punishment," Ralph said.

Again, objecting for a while, I finally agreed and went to sit in Eddie's lap. His hands immediately reached for my breasts, with Ralph narrating for the audience. He caressed them lightly, gently rolling my rock-hard nipples between his fingers. He touched me tenderly, as though he had been dying for this opportunity. My pussy grew wet, and that was easy to see. Eddie just kept rubbing and squeezing my tits, and it felt so wonderful that I put my arms around his neck and quietly nuzzled his neck.

"How's that feel, Kayla?" Ralph asked.

"Really nice," I said, looking into Eddie's eyes.

"How do her boobs feel, Ed?"

"This chick has a rockin' bod," Eddie said, his lips brushing my cheek lightly. "You don't know what you're missing, Ralph." I vaguely heard Ralph announce a commercial break as I turned my head and kissed Eddie, sliding my tongue deep into his mouth, sucking lightly at his lips. One of his hands stayed on my full breast, massaging it, and the other traveled to my lap, touching my wet panties and rubbing my distended clit through the sheer fabric.

"Hey, you two, break it up," Ralph said, laughing. "We went to commercial twenty seconds ago."

Dazed, we broke apart. I grinned at them. "Was that okay?" I asked.

"Holy fuck," Eddie said. "I'm not going to be able to walk for a week."

I laughed and picked up my clothes and put them back on. "See you later, guys," I said, exiting the studio. I saw Eddie sucking on his fingers as I left.

The male contingent from the audience broke into a cheer as I exited the studio. Laughing, I waved them away, but not before I saw Craig, looking pale, hurrying away.

At the end of the day, I was sitting in my cubicle, doing some filing, when Craig approached.

"Oh, hey," I said.

"Hi," he said. "I'm about to get out of here. Were you still interested in coming over to my house?"

"Absolutely," I said.

"If you're ready to leave, I can give you a ride," he said.

"Okay, sure." I grabbed my stuff and followed him to the parking garage. He drove a black Lexus, which I found incredibly sexy, this sleek, dark guy in his sleek, dark car. 

On the ride to his house, we chatted about college, and finally, the subject of the show that morning came up.

"Oh, that," I said, waving my hand. "It's just for ratings."

"Well," he said, "I just want to be sure that you know that you don't have to do stuff like that."

"I don't mind," I said. "It helps with the numbers, and I think the guys enjoyed it."

"Yes, well..."

"Did you enjoy it?" I asked, my heart pounding.

"Did I..."

"Well, objectively, I mean. As a guy. Is that the kind of radio you like to hear?"

"Actually, no," he said. "I mostly listen to classical music. I'm not big on talk radio."

"So naked girls don't turn you on," I teased.

"It isn't –" he stopped, unsure what to say.

"It's okay," I said. "I'm only kidding." 

But I wasn't.

When we reached his house, he parked in the driveway and we entered the house through a side door. A slim, tall blonde woman stood in the kitchen, basting a roast of some kind.

"Mindy," he said, kissing her on the cheek, "this is Kayla, from the station. Kayla, my wife Mindy."

"Hello," I said, shaking her hand. She looked like an angel. Her hair was like platinum silk, falling around her shoulders in loose curls. Her pale blue eyes were rimmed with thick golden lashes. She wore no make-up; she didn't need to. The woman was fucking gorgeous. I instantly hated her.

"Hello," she said, and I could tell the feeling was mutual.

"Where's Stacey?" Craig asked her.

"I don't know. She isn't home yet. I told her to be here by six, but you know..." she let her voice trail off. "I do hope Craig told you to bring your swimsuit," she said to me in a tone that clearly suggested she hoped no such thing. "He's the only one who uses the pool. It would be a shame to let it go to waste."

"Yes," I said, thinking of the skimpy, lacy white bikini that I'd packed, the one that was surely not the kind of swimsuit Mindy had in mind.

"Wonderful. Why don't you go up to one of the guest rooms and get changed. Dinner's about another hour away." To Craig, she said, "I suppose you'd better take a swim as well. Since Stacey didn't see fit to come home, someone ought to entertain our guest."

He nodded. "Come on, Kayla, I'll show you where the guest room is."

I followed Craig up the stairs to a pretty blue and white room at the front of the house. There was a huge bay window and a four-poster bed. "You can get changed in here," he said. "Then go ahead out to the pool; I'll be there in a few minutes."

"Okay," I said.

As he closed the door behind him, I pulled off my T-shirt and jeans. Reaching behind myself, I unclipped my bra and let it fall to the floor, my heavy breasts free from their restraints. I turned and was startled; Craig had come back in.

He gasped. "I – oh, God, I'm so sorry," he said, unable to pull his gaze away from my tits. "I just wanted to give you this." He held a fluffy white towel out to me.

I walked slowly over to him, my breasts bobbing gently as I moved. My nipples were like two spikes. I reached out and took the towel from him. "Thanks," I said, my eyes never leaving his face.

His eyes flicked back up to mine. "I'm so sorry."

"Don't be," I said. "You pretty much saw it today already, right?"

He glanced at my tits again, then back up to my face. "Maybe this –"

"Mr. MacAllister, it's fine," I said. "Really. Don't feel uncomfortable. I don't."

I turned and slid my panties off and I heard him leave, the door shutting quietly behind him. I picked up the bikini bottoms and slid them on, then picked up the top. Before I could put it on, I felt arms encircle me from behind, and large, strong hands cupping my breasts. He'd stayed! He'd come into the room and he was touching me, caressing my naked breasts, pinching my nipples, nuzzling my neck... I relaxed back into him, letting his hands continue their exploration of my body. 

"God, you feel so fucking good," he whispered against my temple. "Mindy hasn't let me touch her in..." he moaned as I pushed my ass back against his massive erection. One of his hands slid down over my belly and under the bikini bottoms, cupping my pussy gently.

"I shouldn't be doing this," he berated himself as he continued to stroke, caress, pinch and squeeze me. "You're just a child..."

"I'm nineteen," I replied. "You're not breaking the law."

"My little girl is your age," he said. "This is so wrong, but you're so fucking sexy..."

I pulled away and led him over to the bed.

"We can't," he said.

I just looked at him.

"No, I mean... we don't have enough time. Mindy will wonder where we've been."

"Well, you certainly can't go down there like that," I said, looking pointedly at his erection. "So let's do something about it."

I knelt in front of him and freed his cock from his pants. It was at least eight and a half inches long, and I suddenly, very desperately, wanted it inside me. But he was right; there wasn't enough time for that. So I licked it, stroking it with my tongue. He moaned softly, his hands gripping my head. I sucked on his balls gently, squeezing his dick in my hand as I did. Then I took his shaft into my mouth, sucking it as deep as it would go, and he began desperately fucking my mouth, holding my head in place as he thrust his cock in and out of my lips. It didn't take long for him to cum, and when he did, I swallowed up every drop greedily, reveling in the feel of that huge cock in my mouth, overjoyed that I'd gotten Craig right where I wanted him.

He pulled me to my feet and kissed me passionately, his tongue possessing my mouth in a way that, in just that moment, made me totally his. I knew then and there that this was the only man I wanted to touch me ever again. I brought his hands to my tits again.

"Touch me," I whispered.

"We have to go downstairs," he murmured against my lips. "I don't want Mindy to catch us."

Reluctantly, I let go of him. With a quick kiss on my forehead, he turned and left me to dress alone.

I knew, right then and there, that this was not over.