 It started raining as Teagan drove home from work. Raindrops splashed onto the windshields and thunder boomed in the distance. 

Teagan was exhausted from a long day at the office. Her neat honey-blonde hair was spilling out of her ponytail, and her blouse was wrinkled. She reached into her purse for her cell phone. Nick was probably wondering where she was since it was late. She dialed his number and tucked her phone between her chin and shoulder, so she could keep her hands on the steering wheel.

"Hey, Tea," Nick's deep voice filled the car. "Where are you?

"I had to finish sorting mail for the boss," Teagan muttered. She was slightly annoyed that her boss chose her to do his work again, causing her to get home late for the third time this week.

"Dick." Nick wasn't shy about his dislike for the man she worked for. "He's always picking on you."

"It's okay," Teagan replied. "I could use the extra money anyways."

"Okay, honey," Nick said. "I'll see you at home."

Nick hung up the phone and Teagan slipped it back into her purse. She frowned as she noticed that the white envelope containing her paycheck seemed to be missing. She pulled over and began to rummage through her purse. It wasn't there. Teagan groaned. She would have to go back. It was Friday, and the office was closed tomorrow. Her paycheck would surely go "missing" by then. Tegan turned around and started to drive back to the office, cursing under her breath.

The building was dark and empty. The only sound was that of her high heels click-clacking on the linoleum. She stepped into her office, which was labeled "Personal Assistant" and connected to her boss's office. Teagan frowned at the thought of her boss, Sebastian. He did seem to personally take an interest in her, giving her all of the extra tasks even though there were two other assistants available. She couldn't help but wonder his real motive for keeping her so late.

He was a rather attractive man. In fact, she often fantasized about him and her boyfriend, Nick. Teagan looked around and didn't see anyone. It seemed that everyone had gone home. She turned the lights on in her office and sat down in the swivel chair. She was buzzing with excitement as she unbuttoned her blouse.

Teagan didn't know why this sudden feeling of adventure came over her, but it had always been a fantasy of hers to pleasure herself in her office. 

She cupped her breasts in her palms, pulling her bra off of her shoulders. Her round tits were exposed, and waves of excitement travelled through her. She began to massage and fondle her tits, pinching her nipples and rubbing them with her thumbs. Teagan bit her lip. She spread her legs, pulling up her pencil skirt and revealing her silk thong. She had worn it today to surprise Nick when she went home, but now the sight of the lacy panties just made this whole experience even more exhilarating. 

She rubbed her pussy with the soft side of her finger, feeling herself get wetter and wetter with each second. Teagan let out a soft moan. Of course, she couldn't truly enjoy herself since she was too paranoid that someone might catch her.

And someone did.

"Ms. Adams?" a man's voice rang out. Teagan snapped her legs shut and frantically tried to cover her breasts. She turned around in her chair, startled.

"O-oh," she stammered, cheeks red with embarrassment. "I thought everyone had gone home!"

She could barely even look at her boss standing in front of her. He took a step towards her. She let herself look him over. His dark hair was messy and he hadn't shaved in a couple of days. He was tall, and well-built with muscled arms. She could only imagine the kind of abs he was hiding under his suit. Her eyes dropped to his pants, where his bulge was obvious. It seemed to grow as he realised she noticed his arousal.

Teagan slowly dropped her arms from her chest, revealing her tits for the man to see. The sudden adventurous feeling had come over her again. She didn't know what had gotten into her, but she decided to enjoy it as much as she could. She had always wanted to tease her boss, make him want her. And it seemed to be working. His eyes were locked on her tits, and her pink nipples that were hard with arousal. The bulge in his pants grew larger, and she bit her lip. She wanted it.

"Do you like what you see, sir?" she asked. Her voice sounded unnatural, like it didn't belong to her. Of course, she would never say or do anything like this. Her boss seemed just as surprised as she was.

"Most definitely," he murmured in reply, taking more steps closer. Nervousness bubbled up inside of Teagan and she had an overwhelming urge to stop this before it got any further.

But instead she spread her legs again, and resumed rubbing herself. "Then you won't mind if I continue?" she purred, moving her hips against her fingers. Pleasure erupted inside her. 

"Well, I should think that it would be rude if I didn't offer my help," Sebastian said, with something dark and primal in his eyes. She could feel the heat between them from all the way across the office.

"Please," she gasped, and he closed the distance between them. Sebastian took her breasts in his hands and squeezed them, running his thumbs along her sensitive nipples. He closed his lips around a nipple and sucked on it. Teagan moaned as he flicked her nipples with his tongue, licking and sucking on them. Meanwhile, her panties were now soaked with her excitement.

Sensing this, Sebastian reached a hand down between her legs and slipped it inside her panties, rubbing her clit. He anchored his lips on her neck, trailing kisses along her jaw and down towards her chest. Teagan wrapped her legs around his waist, feeling absolutely naughty. She knew that Nick would be waiting for her at home, but instead she was here, fooling around with her boss.

She sucked in a breath as her boss dropped to his knees, settling himself in between her legs. He pressed gently on her thighs, spreading her legs as far as they would go. He took in the sight of her dripping, pink pussy, on display just for him. Sebastian kissed her thighs and lifted up her legs so that they rested on his shoulder. He pressed his mouth against her pussy, tasting her juices, and licked at her heat. Teagan gasped at the feeling of his warm and wet tongue, flicking at her clit and pleasuring her. She placed her hands on the back of his head and tangled her fingers in his hair. He was obviously an expert at this, something that wasn't Nick's strong suit. She had forgotten what it felt like to be pleasured properly in this way. His tongue was heavenly.

He licked her for a while more, until she felt that she was close to orgasm. She squirmed and writhed in the chair, whimpering and moaning. Sebastian stepped back and began to unbuckle his belt. Teagan waited in agony, legs outstretched, feeling the need for his cock inside of her. After years of fantasizing about this moment, she was not disappointed. He pulled out his hard-on, and Teagan almost moaned at the sight of it. It was so big. 

"You drive me crazy," Sebastian mumbled, stroking his cock. He lifted her up and sat her on the desk. She leaned back, alive with energy. Teagan felt the soft tip of his cock pushing against her pussy lips, driving her insane. 

"Fuck me!" she burst out, unable to take it any longer. Obediently, her boss entered her, filling her entirely. She gasped as he started fucking her slowly, thrusting into her. She clawed at his back and threw back her head in utter happiness. 

He started fucking her faster and harder, and leaned down to kiss her neck. Her tits were bouncing up and down, and her legs were trembling. "Oh!" she cried out as he released his load into her without warning. This caused her to reach her own climax, and her body spasmed and shuddered as she came. 

For a moment, she lay there just breathing heavily as Sebastian cleaned himself up and dressed. After some time, Teagan pulled her blouse and skirt back on and cleared her throat. She didn't know whether to feel embarrassed or euphoric.

"Sir?" she ventured. An idea had struck her. She only hoped that he would accept. "Would you like to come home with me?

------------------

A/N: There will be three more parts to this story. Stay tuned!