 Chapter 1 - the reintroduction 

Alex wandered home aimlessly. It had been a long, exhausting day but for some reason she didn't want to go home just yet. The warm breeze gently blew her honey coloured hair across her face and she lifted a delicate hand to brush it away. The sinking sun signalled that if she didn't get a move on it would be dark before she got home so she lengthened her stride. 

"shit!"

As she approached the house, she saw her mother standing next to the packed car and remembered that they were leaving for France that evening. She sprinted past her mother, shouting that she would be down in a minute, and ran to her bedroom to pack. Luckily, she had been organised the night before and got everything ready so all she had to do was chuck it in a suitcase and change into her travel clothes.

15 minutes later and her suitcase was full. She sat on the edge of the bed and peeled her skinny jeans off her slender legs. She rose an admired herself in her full-length mirror. 

She was 18, and at 5"5, she had a perfect body. Long, graceful legs that were well toned from the many years of ballet and horse riding stemmed from her gorgeous, flared hips and shapely arse. Her waist was cinched, and her flat, toned stomach didn't have a single stretchmark. Running her hands up her body she cupped her weighty 32D breasts and smiled to herself. She had been planning this summer for months. Her skincare routine and daily workout had definitely paid off and she had perfected a makeup routine that enhanced her perfect features to the point of her looking something like what one would imagine Aphrodite looked like. She wanted him to admire her. She wanted to seduce him.

Years of having a crush on her family friend's son, without getting any attention in return, had strengthened her resolve to come back that summer with a bang - both metaphorically and literally. 

The object of her desire was Sam, the 19 year old son of her mother's best friend who looked very much like he had been sculpted by the gods. Sandy coloured hair and vibrant green eyes. A sprinkle of freckles on his cheeks that did not draw away from the fact that his jawline could cut through anything and that his cheekbones were without fault. His beautiful face was only the beginning. His tall athletic body was slender yet muscled. His shoulders rippled when he moved them but there was no evidence of excessive bulk. To top it all he was the loveliest guy Alex had ever met - and he was French. Fucking French!

He was her dream man, but he hadn't paid any attention to her obvious flirting every year, leaving her frustrated yet determined. Many nights she had lain awake... fingering herself to climax at the thought of him. 

She was going to have him this summer. There was nothing he could do to stop it. 

________________________________________________

She opened the car door and stretched, breathing deeply as the familiar scent of the French Countryside wafted up her nostrils. She smiled briefly then winced as the pins and needles in her right foot spread to the rest of her leg. In an attempt to shake them off she stood and twisted her ankle in a circle. She quickly lost balance and stumbled straight into the strong arms of...? 

She turned her head and was greeted with the emerald green eyes and toothy smile of her summer conquest. "Sam", she breathed, then quickly spun round and wrapped her arms around him, inhaling his intoxicating cologne. 

"Hi you, it's been a while" he grinned at her and then stepped back, his face quickly switching from one of friendliness to awe and lust. She spun elegantly in a circle and winked at him, "miss me?"

She heard him suck in a short breath as he caught sight of her hard nipples pressing against the thin fabric of her t-shirt and congratulated herself for all the hard work she had put in to looking this good. She wasn't at all vain. She still had huge insecurities. But there were some days where she loved her looks and relished in the attention she would receive from men and women alike. The one person she had only really cared about though had never given her a passing glance. Until now. 

The afternoon went by quickly: the majority of it being filled up with unpacking and cleaning. Sam helped out with it all. Occasionally, to her utter delight, she would catch him staring at her as she bent over to pick something up from the floor, or reached up to dust a mantelpiece, exposing her toned midriff. It's safe to say that by early evening he was sporting a pretty impressive erection. 

It was a week until she saw him again. She had been studying hard in between tanning and swimming in the lake and had always been disappointed when the cars that slowed at her driveway were not Sam's. So when she saw him out of the corner of her eye at the Friday market she was elated. She, once again, silently applauded her choice of outfit: a flowery, bohemian dress with long slits down each side of the skirt. The top half was body fitting and the neckline was low, providing a great view of her ample cleavage and highlighting her delicate collarbone. She wore her shining hair loose and had on a sunhat and shades. She looked stunning. She waltzed up to him and tapped him on the shoulder demurely. His mouth nearly hit the floor and he gulped. His skin glowed in the morning light and his t-shirt fit just tight enough for his taught muscles to be seen through the fabric. "Hi again", she beamed, a little dimple appearing in her right cheek. "How's the house?" he replied, trying to avert his eyes, unsuccessfully, from her tits. "Ooh falling apart as usual" she gave him a small smile and edged closer. 

He stared at her intently and reached out his hand to her neck. She had to remind herself to breathe. Her pussy started to leak and she closed her eyes as his hand gently brushed her smooth skin. "You had a bug on you" he whispered, looking deep into her eyes once they had opened again. He was the only one who could make her feel like this and she felt herself go weak at the knees. "What are you doing tonight?" he asked casually. 

"I don't have any plans, why?"

He smirked, "I have the place to myself this weekend, my mum is out of town. I was thinking you could come over for a catch up and watch some films or something. Sound good?" 

Her heart fluttered, it was now or never.