 After Craig left the room, I realized that I'd become so wet while sucking his cock that my juices were actually running down my legs. "Can't have Mindy seeing that," I murmured, smiling to myself. I scanned the room and discovered a box of tissues on the bureau. I slid the soaked bikini bottoms down over my hips, letting them drop to the floor. Stepping out of them, I crossed to the bureau and grabbed a few tissues. Balling them up, I began to clean myself.

Suddenly, the doorknob turned and the door opened. Expecting to see Craig, I turned with a seductive smile on my face, but I was shocked to see a girl, about my age, with pale hair and dark eyes, standing in the doorway. She wore black lipstick and heavy eyeliner. 

"Oh," I said, trying to cover myself.

She raised one eyebrow and stared pointedly at my naked body and the wet tissues balled in my hand.

"You're Kayla," she said. 

"Stacey?" I said, reaching for the towel I'd brought and holding it up to my nude breasts.

"Mom said to let you know I was here."

"Oh. Uh... I was just getting changed to go swimming. Are -- are you going in?"

She shrugged. "I wasn't going to." Her eyes traveled up and down my body, making me shiver. "But I think I will."

I nodded.

She came fully into the room, shutting the door behind her. Her eyes never leaving me, she crossed to the spot where I'd left my bikini bottoms on the floor and bent to pick them up. A small smile played across her lips as she held them out to me. "Funny," she said. "It almost feels like you were already in the pool."

I said nothing and took them, waiting for her to leave.

She didn't.

Resigned, I let the towel drop to the floor. I heard her breath catch softly as her gaze rested on my naked body. I stepped into the bikini bottoms and pulled them up, safely covering my pussy from her intense stare.

"Daddy's a pussy tease," she said, picking up the top of the bikini before I could reach it. She draped it over her shoulder.

"What?"

"I saw him come out of here. His face was all red. I know what you were doing."

"Stacey..."

She walked closer to me, not stopping until her face was inches from mine. "He won't fuck you," she said.

I didn't respond.

"It's okay," she told me. "I'm not going to tell Mom. You're not the first piece of ass he's lusted after, and you won't be the last. But he won't. Fuck you, I mean."

"Oh, I think he will," I said, glaring at her.

She smiled. Her hand reached up and her finger traced the side of my face, then slid gently over my lips. "Did he cum in your mouth?" she asked. "Did he fuck your mouth until you wished it was your pussy he was thrusting his cock into? That's what he likes," she whispered, her mouth only about an inch from mine. "He likes to keep them desperate until they beg him and beg him to fuck their tight, hot, wet little pussies, but he never does."

Incredulous, I felt my own pussy tightening and growing wet as her fingertips very gently stroked my neck. I'd never had any urge to be with a woman before; what was happening to me?

"Like I said, Daddy's a pussy tease. He likes his women to service him, but he never returns the favor." Her hand moved down to my belly and massaged the flesh just above my pubic mound. I wanted to pull away, to slap her, to push her away from me, but I was frozen with an unexpected desire. "He might pet you," she continued, her hand wandering further south and sliding under the bikini bottoms to pet the thin landing strip of fur on my pussy. "Like this. He might even slide a finger or two inside, like this." I jumped, startled, as her long, slim fingers slipped between my pussy lips and stroked my clit gently. "But he'll never make you cum. He'll never, ever fuck you. Because Daddy thinks that's cheating, and he'd never cheat on Mom." She continued playing with my pussy as her dark brown eyes gazed into mine. "You're so hot," she whispered. Her lips covered mine, and her hot tongue thrust into my mouth, her free hand finding my plump tits and squeezing them.

It was at this that I finally broke away from her.

"You don't know me," I said simply, and took the bikini top from her.

She smiled. "But Daddy wants you to get to know me. I don't think Mom's too excited about it... but I am," she said, putting the finger that had just been in my cunt into her mouth and sucking on it. "Mmm... I think we're going to be great friends. I'll see you in the pool," she added, letting her eyes flicker over my body again before she left.

When she had gone, I sat on the bed, waiting for my heart to stop pounding. This was a complication I hadn't anticipated. I had no idea whether Stacey was telling the truth about Craig's rules for extramarital sexual conquests, but what had become extremely clear was that she was intent on fucking me herself.

When I had collected myself, I picked up the towel and went downstairs and out to the pool. Craig was already there, swimming laps. I dropped my towel onto a lounge chair and descended the steps into the shallow end of the pool. As the water reached my knees, Craig, sensing that someone had come in, stopped swimming and looked my way. I saw his reaction to the bikini I wore, which barely covered my smooth flesh. I swam out to him.

"You look good enough to eat," he whispered when I reached him.

I took his hand and drew it between my thighs, which were once again wet due to his daughter's ministrations as well as the sight of his well-muscled body. I pressed his hand to the heat of my cunt and squeezed my thighs around it. "Feel like a snack?" I asked mischievously.

"Careful, baby," he murmured as I rocked gently against his knuckles. "We can't let Mindy or Stacey see."

"What they can't see won't hurt them," I replied. "I want you inside me."

"My wife and daughter --"

"Are really gorgeous," I said, moving closer to him so my breasts brushed his naked chest. "I had no idea." I pulled the cup of my bikini top off my right breast and brought his hand to it. He eagerly squeezed the firm flesh, massaging the nipple.

"Mindy's like a china doll," he said. "And just as warm."

"Mmmm," I said. "I'm warm. You're warm. Let's start a fire." I reached down and pulled his cock from his trunks. Sliding my bikini out of the way, I touched the tip of his thick cock against my clit, and he jerked away.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"I can't fuck you here, in my pool, with my family just inside," he said.

I said nothing.

"Look, Kayla," he said. "I'm not immune to this. You're beautiful, and hot and sexy and wild. You've got this slutty side to you that I adore, and I'd love nothing more than to spread those gorgeous legs of yours and just..."

"What?" I asked, nearly breathless.

"Hello, Daddy."

We both started, turning to see Stacey standing by the side of the pool, wearing a black one-piece bathing suit that was far more modest than I would have assumed her swimsuit would be. I had no idea how long she'd been there.

"Stacey," he said, moving guiltily away from me. "Good. Why don't you keep Kayla company and I'll go see if I can help your mother finish dinner." He swam toward the shallow end of the pool and hoisted himself out. Picking up a towel, he headed toward the house.

Stacey slid into the pool and paddled over to me. "Can I take over?" she asked flirtatiously.

"What?"

She looked pointedly at my right breast, which was still exposed. I jerked the lacy fabric over it, but the bikini had become almost transparent in the water, so it made little difference.

"Come on," she said. "I already told you Daddy isn't going to fuck you, so you might as well let me."

"I'm pretty sure that's not why he invited me here," I said.

"I wasn't planning on telling him," she said, reaching for me, but I swam out of her reach.

"Kayla," she admonished, "I'm going to have you. So you might as well give in now."

"What are you going to do, rape me?" I retorted.

"If I have to."

I stopped and turned and looked at her in shock.

She swam over to me and took my hands in hers. "I'd rather take you willingly, but I'll take you any way I can get you. I know you were turned on before, Kayla." She dipped her head and kissed my neck. "Your cunt was so wet that all I can think about now is tasting you." Her tongue flicked out and licked my collarbone. "Your tits are so beautiful and soft." She pulled me tightly against her, our breasts squished against each other, and parted my thighs with her knee. "Take off your top," she whispered against my lips.

Her mouth possessed mine, much more demanding than her father's had been earlier. Her tongue plundered my mouth as I stood, frozen, feeling her hands roaming all over my body, exploring the most intimate places, squeezing, caressing, pinching. I found myself kissing her back, sliding my arms around her neck, pulling her closer to me, grinding my pussy against her thigh. 

"Take off your top," she repeated. "I want to see your breasts again."

"But your parents..."

"They'll be inside until dinner's ready," she said. "Please, Kayla. Please let me touch your breasts again."

I reached behind me and untied the top of my bikini, letting it fall, freeing my plump breasts. Stacey smiled and took them into her hands. "They're beautiful," she whispered as she massaged them gently. "Gorgeous. I love breasts with big nipples like these. Do you want me to suck them?"

I nodded, unable to speak, mesmerized by her words. She bent and licked my left nipple gently, stroking it with her tongue over and over. Then she took the distended tip between her lips and drew on it, eliciting a gasp from me. She looked up with a smile. "That's it, baby," she said. "Give in to it. I can make you so happy." She began to cover my breasts with kisses, her hand traveling down between my thighs, her fingers fluttering against my erect clit. 

I reached for her breasts, and she sighed against my skin as I began to stroke her. "No, baby," she said. "Let me do this for you." She pulled me to the steps of the pool and sat me toward the top. She pulled my bikini bottoms down to my ankles and pushed my knees apart. Kissing me on the mouth again, she murmured, "Let me eat you. I want to feel you cum on my tongue." 

I moaned as she slid down the length of my body and ravaged my poor tortured pussy, sucking and licking and biting as I writhed against her hungry mouth. Her hands caressed my breasts as she sucked and licked and nipped at my dripping cunt. I came violently, whimpering, my thighs clenching around her head. She reached up and covered my mouth to keep me from screaming as she swallowed my cum.

When my orgasm had subsided, my body relaxed and I could barely move. I felt Stacey dressing me, gently pulling my bikini bottoms up my legs, tying the top of the bikini into place. She pulled me into her arms and held me, my head resting on her shoulder. I was completely shaken. I had never had any kind of sexual encounter with a woman before, and what was more shocking, I had never had an orgasm so intense in my entire life.

Stacey stroked my hair, kissing my cheek. "Kayla," she whispered.

I looked at her. Her big dark eyes were deadly serious, her hand massaging the back of my neck. "I think I'm in love with you."

I pulled away. "What?"

"I'm in love with you, baby," she said, smiling happily. "We're going to be so happy together."

"Stacey, what are you talking about?"

She frowned. "What do you mean, what am I talking about?"

I shook my head. "We're not a couple. We're not going to be a couple."

Anger flashed over her face. "What do you mean, we're not going to be a couple? What the hell was all that about just now?"

I studied her face, thinking she had to be kidding. We'd just met that day; there was no way this girl actually believed she was in love with me, or that I might return those feelings. "Stacey," I said slowly, "that was fucking. It was great fucking. Fantastic fucking. I've never been fucked like that in my life, actually. But I'm not gay."

"I've got news for you," she said with a bitter laugh. "If you never came like that before in your life, but you did when a woman fucked you... you're gay."

"I don't think that's how you decide something like that," I said.

She looked as though she was about to cry. "Didn't you like me touching you? I thought you loved it."

"I..." I knew I needed to choose my words carefully here. "I liked it a lot. But I'm not looking for a relationship with a woman."

"No," she said angrily, "you just want to steal my dad from my mom."

"What? No," I said. "With your dad, it's just fucking too. I'm not trying to steal anyone."

"I already told you, he won't fuck you. But I will, and you loved it. You loved having my tongue in that hot, sloppy pussy of yours. Admit it," she demanded, her voice rising.

"Shhh," I said. "Yes, I admit it. I already told you that. But --"

She cut me off with a kiss, shoving my hand into her pussy. It was the first time I'd ever touched another woman's cunt. She was hot and slippery. It felt like touching my own, but it was weird to not be feeling the pleasure from it. She held me tightly in place while she rocked against my fingers, whining into my mouth as she used my fingers to masturbate.

I yanked away from her. "Stacey."

"Why don't you love me?" she whined.

"I don't even know you!" I snapped. "You can't tell someone you love her when you just met her an hour ago!"

She was quiet for a long moment. "You fucking slut," she sneered.

"Yes," I said. "I am a slut. I love sex. I love sex with a lot of different guys. I don't want to be in a relationship. I only came here tonight because --"

"- Because you want Dad to fuck you."

"Honestly, yes. And what happened between us, well, that was a very pleasant surprise. But no, Stacey, I don't love you. And it's unlikely that I ever will."

Again, she was quiet. Then I saw her switch to bargaining mode.

"What if I helped you?" she asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, what if I helped you bag Daddy? I could," she insisted.

"You told me he doesn't fuck other women," I reminded her.

"He doesn't. But he's also never let one of them give him a blowjob while Mom was in the house either," she said. "So maybe he would fuck you. So what if I helped you?"

"What are you asking me?" I asked.

"If I help you nail Daddy, will you keep fucking me?" she asked, her darkly-lined eyes narrow.

I knew I had to weigh this decision carefully. On the one hand, I'd never considered myself a lesbian and really didn't want to lead this girl on when there was no chance of a relationship. On the other, I had loved the feel of her tongue stroking my clit... and I really, really wanted to fuck her father.

I opened my mouth to answer.