 I got a phone call earlier today from Andrew, the guy doing my loan, to say he needed me to come sign the final documents. I was working late and couldn't make it there until closing time, so Andrew was going to organize someone to stay back and wait for me. I thought to myself, "mm, imagine if it's her..." but shrugged that thought aside, I mean really, how unlikely???

I had been going in to the bank a lot more than usual lately. I had been trying to organize a loan, signing papers etc, so I'd had plenty of excuses to drop in and start a conversation with the hot little teller that works there....and the response I had been getting from her so far was not bad at all....

****

"Is anyone free to stay back for ½ an hour tonight to do a loan sign up for one of my clients? They can't get here until dead on 5 o'clock..." asked Andrew...

"Yeah, I can do it." I offered. "Who's it for?"

"Rick Dawson..." 

"Ok, no prob. Just leave it on your desk. I'll do it in your office." I thought to myself, 'I know that name. Isn't he that hot guy that's been coming in lately?' Half my luck, I smiled. Working late could be worse...

****

Shit! Shit! Shit!

I've been stuck in traffic for over half an hour. It's just gone 5:30 and I'm only just pulling in to the bank car park. It would be a miracle if anyone is still in there. 

I get out of my car and rush over to the door. The thought of who could be waiting inside whispers through my mind, but the thought is gone as quickly as it comes; it seems so unlikely it would be her...

As I approach the doors, I notice the lights are still on in one of the offices. 'Thank God' I think. I knock on the door .......... Waiting ......... waiting .......... 'Maybe they have left?'

I knock again, a bit harder this time. A few seconds later the door of the office swings open and there she is. She looks gorgeous, tight white shirt tucked into a tight knee length grey skirt, fishnets and heels. Hair tied up to show of that slender neck, not too much makeup. 

"Hey, I'd given up on you!" she greets me as she unlocks the door.

"I'm sorry Holly, traffic was really bad."

"Well, you made it just in time, I was about to leave." she smiled, "Can you excuse me for a moment, I just need to freshen up. Take a seat in the office I'll be right with you."

"Sure, no problem." She did look a little flushed, now that I think about it. Hope she is ok. I feel bad enough for holding her up, but another part of me is very glad I made it when I did. 

****

'Where is he?' I think. 'It's 5:15 now. I'll give him until 5:30.'

I start looking through Andrew's computer for some games or something & stumble across a file called 'FUN'

So I think 'here we go' and open it only to find it's full of porn! I laugh hard as I start to flick thru Andrew's pics ... He seemed to have a thing for blonde lesbians (typical!). 

I start to get a bit hot; some of his pics are really horny. 

Since moving here I had not made many friends yet and my sex life was non-existent, so the pics had me breathing fast and rubbing my breasts within minutes and before I knew what was happening there was a knock at the door. 

'Oh Shit!' I jump up and straighten myself quickly, I can feel how wet my panties are already and my face turns red. 

I open the office door, and see him standing out the front. It's him alright, and he still looks very, very fine. I take a deep breath and smile, cheeks burning....

"Hey, I'd given up on you!" I say as I unlock the door.

"I'm sorry Holly, traffic was really bad." He seems to be genuinely apologetic.

"Well, you made it just in time, I was about to leave." I smile, "Can you excuse me for a moment, I just need to freshen up. Take a seat in the office I'll be right with you."

"Sure, no problem." He smiles back at me warmly.

I keep thinking he must know what I was just doing. My panties are so wet, and I'm really self conscious of this. I decide to quickly take them off in the toilet...

****

While waiting I notice she hasn't locked her computer screen. I'm curious so I just knock her mouse to get rid of the screen saver, and there on the screen is this gorgeous blonde girl eating the pussy of another!!!

Holy FUCK!!!

No wonder she looked so flushed! I groan as my cock immediately starts to stiffen. 

I think 'This is not really happening! I'm alone after hours in a closed bank with this sexy teller chick I have been fantasizing about for weeks and she is looking at hot lesbian porn!'

"Look's like I've been caught red handed so to speak..."

Her voice brings me back to reality. I turn to see her smiling at me in the doorway.

"Oh! Ahhhh...I...ahh..I didn't...I'm sorry" I can't talk properly. I'm all flustered, and she begins to laugh...

"It's ok Rick. It's Andrew's, I just stumbled across it while I was waiting for you. I should have been more careful, but you caught me by surprise arriving when you did." She smiles at me and laughs, "It's pretty funny though!"

I can't believe how casual she is being about this, "Yeah, it is. I wish it was yours though, that would have been way cooler!"

She laughs and rolls her eyes, "You boys!!! Anyway we better get this paperwork signed so you can get home." 

I think to myself 'no rush.' I am in no hurry to leave. I could sit here smelling her perfume all night. While going through what I need to sign, she sits very close to me, I just want to grab her and take her on the desk, and I get the feeling she is feeling the same way. My dick is straining so hard against my jeans and I am sure I have caught her lowering her eyes a few times for a peek. I just want to slide my hand up under her skirt & rip open that sexy white shirt. 

We finish signing, she turns and looks me in the eye. With the sexiest little smile she asks, 

"So Rick, is there anything else you need tonight?" 

I can't help it...

"Yeah, You"

****

When I get back to the office I see what is on the computer screen. OH SHIT!!! OK, OK, OK, Just Play Coy!!!

"Look's like I've been caught red handed so to speak..." I say, knowing exactly what I was saying to the poor guy....

"Oh! Ahhhh...I...ahh..I didn't...I'm sorry" He mumbles...Poor guy! I laugh

"It's ok Rick. It's Andrew's. I just stumbled across it while I was waiting for you. I should have been more careful, but you caught me by surprise arriving when you did." I smile at him and laugh, "It's pretty funny though!"

"Yeah, it is. I wish it was yours though, that would have been way cooler!" I swear he looks disappointed!!! 

I can't help but laugh and roll my eyes, "You boys!!! Anyway we better get this paperwork signed so you can get home." 

I purposely sit next to him instead of on the other side of the desk whilst showing him where to sign. My nipples are so hard, I keep telling myself to calm down, but I can see his cock is hard and it makes it impossible for me to relax. 

We finish signing. I turn to him and looking him straight in the eye I ask with the sexiest little smile I can muster, "So Rick, is there anything else you need tonight?" 

He gives me the answer I was longing for...

"Yeah, You."

Chapter 2

She stands up in front of me. 

"I was hoping you would say that" 

She reaches around and unzips her skirt, which drops to the floor. She has no panties on, I groan...

"Oh my god Holly, that's the juiciest pussy I have ever seen"

"Would you like a taste?" She looks down, like she is pleading at me with her eyes. She sits up on the desk legs parted in front of me. How can I say no? 

I run my hands up her thighs. She arches her back and closes her eyes in anticipation. I run my thumb along her slick wet slit, she is so smooth and soft there...I kiss her lips. She moans a little in response. I start to slowly massage her clit in little circles with my thumb while flicking her slit with my tongue. She is so wet and her pussy is giving of the most deliciously musky smell. I reach up and rip open her shirt. She gasps, but smiles down at me, biting her lower lip between her teeth. 

She is beautiful. I go back to her pretty pussy, and start nibbling & sucking her clit. She starts to gasp and thrash around a little on the desk. I slide in a finger and start looking for her g-spot. She starts to fuck my hand while rubbing and pulling at her tits. Whimpering she starts to speed up. I can tell she is going to climax....

"YESSSSSSSS" her pussy juices flow all over my face. I lick up every single drop. I kiss my way up her belly, her beautiful tits, her neck and finally I reach those soft lips for the first time. 

She sucks my tongue in to her mouth hungrily. I can feel her hands running down my body to my jeans. I see where she is going and give her a hand, and within seconds her hot little hand is wrapped around my rock hard cock. She gently starts to rub my knob against her wet little clit. I decide I can't take this I have to have her, NOW. I grab hold of her hips and with out warning ram my cock as far in to her juicy pussy as I can.

She cry's out, having an immediate orgasm. I can feel her pussy flexing on my cock. It feels so incredible. I slowly pull almost all the way out, and thrust back in as hard as I can. She is whimpering, lying back on the desk, shirt ripped, sexy as hell. I just go crazy and fuck her as hard and fast as I can. 

"I'm going to cum..."

"Please, in my mouth...."she begs,

I pull out and she drops to her knees and takes my cock expertly in to her mouth. Her hot little mouth almost feels as good as her pussy. I look down and she is looking straight back at me finger on her clit. That does it and I let go a huge load into her mouth which she swallows effortlessly. 

****

I stand up.

"I was hoping you would say that." I am so hot for this guy, and the idea of fucking him at work is just so hot I don't hold back. 

I reach around and unzip my skirt, which I let drop to the floor. I have no panties on. Only fishnets.

"Oh my god Holly, that's the juiciest pussy I have ever seen" 

"Would you like a taste?" I look down begging him. I sit up on the desk and part my legs in front of him. 

He licks his lips, runs his hands up my thighs. I arch my back and close my eyes in anticipation. He runs his thumb along my wet pussy, and kisses my lips. I can't help but moan a little in response. He starts to slowly massage my clit in little circles with his thumb and flicking my pussy with his tongue. He is making me so wet. All of a sudden he reaches up and rips open my shirt. I gasp, but can't help smiling down at him, it was just so sexy. 

He is gorgeous. He goes back to my hungry pussy, and starts nibbling & sucking my clit. I start to gasp and thrash around a little on the desk. He slides in a finger and I start to rock my hips in time with his hand while rubbing and pulling at my tits. Whimpering I start to speed up. I'm about to cum....

"YESSSSSSSS" my pussy juices flow all over his face. He licks me clean and then kisses his way up my tummy, my boobs, my neck and finally to rest on my mouth for the first time. 

I suck his tongue in to my mouth hungrily. I want him inside me. I start to undo his jeans and that's all he needs to know, and they are off in seconds. I smile and gently start to rub his knob against my very wet clit. All of a sudden he just grabs hold of my hips and with out warning rams his cock as far in to my juicy pussy he can.

I have an orgasm straight away. His cock is so fucking hard. It feels so incredible. He slowly pulls almost all the way out, only to thrust back in as hard as he can. I whimper, lying back on the desk, shirt ripped. He goes crazy and fucks me harder & faster than I have ever been fucked before. 

"I'm going to cum..."he says

"Please, in my mouth...."I beg,

He pulls out and I drop to my knees and take his cock expertly in to my mouth. His hard cock almost feels as good in my mouth as it does in my pussy. I look up and he is looking straight back at me smiling. I start to rub my clit and that does it. He lets go of a huge load into my mouth which I swallow effortlessly.