 This was a pretty strange feeling. She had never been in the south in the early summer, and she was enjoying it already.

When her friend extended an invitation for her to come visit, she didn't have to think very long or hard. It had been what seemed like years since they had seen each other, and even though she was nervous, she accepted and flew to stay with him.

Their first meeting after so long was innocent enough, and all that day he had shown her the sights, introducing her to the area. Everything was so green and the sense of life was overwhelming. They had a light dinner, and just chatted about inconsequential things, catching up, and having a very nice time over all.

She had a room to herself, and when she went off to bed she kept thinking, and had trouble sleeping.

With her slinky nightgown on, she went onto the deck and relaxed in the screened in porch. The air was around 70, and a little humid. It felt wonderful on her bare shoulders, and it teased her skin through the satin fabric of her nightgown.

She relaxed in her chair, putting her feet up and listening to the late night sounds. There were so many sounds here that were unfamiliar. Crickets she knew, but there were a ton of what her friend said were actually tree frogs making one hell of a racket. They were loud, but as she got used to them, they began to relax her. The sounds of the night started to surround her, and she found that she seemed to be floating in them. When she heard the screen door to the house softly open, it took her by surprise.

"Don't get up," he said, "I thought you had gone to sleep, and wanted to just sit out here for a bit."

She recovered herself and said, "It's wonderful. I was just kind of lost in all the sounds."

"Can I sit with you?" he asked, "I'll go back to bed if you want to be alone."

"No," she said smiling, "I thought I wanted to be alone, but I think I'd like to have you here with me. All these sounds are too much not to share them."

With that, he pulled another chair close to hers and sat down beside her. After a few minutes, she felt him reach over and take her hand, and just hold it, comfortable with the contact and the night.

Her mind started to race a little with his touch. She was, and always had been, attracted to him, but since she arrived he had been nothing but polite and sweet. She didn’t know what she wanted, or what to do if he did anything else. 

“You’re shivering,” he said, “Would you like a light blanket or something? I can go grab you one.”

“No, I’m OK. Just, well, a little nervous I suppose,” she replied, “But I’ll be fine.”

She squeezed his hand gently to support what she had said and sat back to enjoy the quiet again. After a little while, he took his hand from hers, and slowly moved up the length of her arm, touching lightly with his fingertips. This soft touch alone gave her goose bumps. As he continued to her bare shoulders, he brushed his hand through her hair, and behind her ear. He then laid his arm behind her shoulders and left it there. She found that their chairs were close enough together that it felt natural to adjust herself in the chair and snuggle closer to him. She could smell him then. No specific scent, and no cologne, just a musky scent that made her more aware of him. Before she really knew what she was doing, she had put her head on his shoulder and started to relax. It felt so nice here, with his arm around her, now pulling her in a little closer. As she relaxed, she let out a long sigh.

“What was that for,” he asked, “That long sigh?”

“This just feels nice. Been a while since I felt so safe.” She turned her head to look at him. “Thanks for inviting me. It’s very nice here, and it’s great to see you.”

He looked down at her, and reached up to touch her cheek, stroking it gently with his fingertips.

“I’m glad you could come,” he said, “I was worried that you wouldn’t.” With that, he slowly lowered his lips to hers, kissing her softly, waiting for her response.

When he kissed her, something inside her nearly exploded. She hadn’t really expected this, and a part of her was scared. It had been a long time, and much of her previous experience had been the result of some poor choices in her life. Somehow she knew this would be different. She trusted him, and the part that was scared was nearly overwhelmed by the part that wanted to explore this new territory. She gave into the kiss, and opened her mouth to deepen it, putting her arms around his neck as she did so.

When he gently broke the kiss, he smiled at her and said, “I’ve been waiting to do that for a while, but didn’t want you to get scared away. Wait right here, and I’ll be right back.”

She was stunned. Surprised at her reaction to a simple kiss, and surprised that he was leaving. “Wait!” she said, “Where…”

“I’ll be right back. Don’t worry.” He got out of his chair then and went into the house. He came out a few minutes later with a fluffy blanket and a couple of big pillows. He dropped them on the floor and came to her and by grabbing her hands, lifted her out of her chair. He moved the chairs to the side, and spread the blanket out on the deck, with the pillows on the side nearest to the outside. He came back to her, put his arms around her and held her to him.

“This should be more comfortable I think. We can stretch out and listen to the sounds.”

She opened her mouth to reply, but found his lips on hers softly again. Guiding her to the blanket, they stretched out face to face, and began to kiss again.

Her head was spinning. He wasn’t pushing at all, just going with what he somehow sensed she wanted. It had been a long time, and her body couldn’t stop reacting to what was happening. She wanted this somehow. She knew he wouldn’t hurt her, and would treat her with the respect her other relationships had missed. With her heart in her throat, she took his hand again and stretched out next to him and began to kiss him in earnest.

He was patient, and with every kiss and caress she knew for certain that this was building inside her. Almost at the same time, they both sat up and looked at each other. He smiled at her, and reached down and pulled his shirt over his head. Then he rose up and pulled his shorts off in one graceful motion. She couldn’t believe this. Here he was, and naked too. She wanted so much to feel his skin on hers, to have him hold her close, to be warmed by his heat. Part of her wanted to run, but with a mental shrug, she quieted that part of her mind and smiled back at him. She stood up for a minute, and slid the nightgown off her shoulders and stepped out of it. Naked together, they stretched out again. She was still nervous, and at first all she could do was hold onto him tightly. The feel of him next to her was overwhelming. But after a few minutes, her trembling subsided, and she was ready to continue.

After she had been kissing him for a few minutes, he rolled her onto her back and snuggled next to her. He began with her face, and just started touching her lightly. For her it was maddening. She never knew where his hand was going to touch next. First her face, then lightly on her nipple, then pushing the hair from her ear and kissing and nibbling that softly. So tender, but so erotic, it was stirring fires in her that she had forgotten she had. He bent over and kissed her softly again, then moved down to between her spreading legs.

He ran his hands lightly over them; damn his hands were making her crazy. He just kept touching, never insistent, never too much. He ran his hand softly across the lips of her vagina, and she shuddered in pleasure. Her legs spread even wider as he did that again. She had no idea what was coming next. Before she knew what was happening, she felt his lips and tongue on the shaved part of her pussy. He was starting to tease her, and damn it all, her body couldn’t stop asking for more! She reached down and pulled his head down, encouraging him to taste her, to lick and suck her. As he started, the shudders of pleasure came faster and faster. Finally, when he started licking her clit, the explosion came. The shudders and waves of pleasure hit her hard, and just as she began to catch her breath, he came up to her and kissed her again, reaching around and holding her until she had recovered.

As her breathing slowed, she became aware of him again, laying there patiently, holding her. He was stroking her hair and back, and trying to let her know that she wasn’t alone. When she caught her breath, she looked up at him.

“We’re not done you know,” she said, “You have something that needs attention too.” Smiling, and with forwardness she didn’t know she had, she slowly worked her way down to his waiting cock. It was hard, and there had already been some cum on the tip of his cock. She gently took him in her hand, and playfully licked the head, tasting him. She could feel him react now, and that told her she was doing the right thing, and gave her more confidence. She suddenly took all of him in her mouth, sliding him as deep as she could in one fluid motion. She was rewarded with a gasp of pleasure, and she felt his hand on the back of her head, holding onto her hair.

She gave him all she could, but while she was sucking him, she couldn’t get the thought out of her mind that she wanted to feel him inside her. When she thought he was getting close, she climbed over him and guided his cock inside, and slid herself onto him as deep as he could go.

It was almost too much. The fullness and pleasure took her, and her body seemed to have a mind of its own. She was riding him, slowly at first, but with each stroke the pace increased. Her clit was throbbing, and she knew it was only a matter of seconds. Then he reached between her legs and started playing with her clit. Her orgasm hit her hard, tightening her pussy around his cock, and soon she felt him join her in orgasm. 

She collapsed on his chest, and they both gasped for air. As she came down, she felt his arms around her again. As they drifted off to sleep, the sounds of the night that had drawn her out onto the deck surrounded them again.