 The rain swept through in waves, loud against the wood roof. He was sprawled naked on the couch, long legs hanging off the side, an empty bourbon glass on the floor, pillow on his chest. Rain continued to sweep through as he drifted off, arm across his eyes to shield them from the wet midnight twilight. She was on his mind, six thousand miles away in Spain, and now, in his dreams, he was there. 

She leaned on the balcony, light breezes lifting the curls of her hair as he watched her from the bed. The moon silhouetted her outline, olive skin reflecting a light sheen of sweat as the night heat continued. On the bed he lounged naked, leaning on an elbow, shadows alone for modesty. His skin shone as though oiled, his natural heat and the weather warring with each other and sweat being the ultimate winner. She shifted position, the nightgown swaying out, giving him a flash of thigh and a glimpse of the curve of her ass. He growled too softly for her to hear, and swept up from the bed, noiselessly. 

He padded across the floor and stood behind her, reaching under the nightgown and drawing her panties down without a word. His lips caught hers in mid surprise gasp, tongue thrusting in to meet hers, then he trailed his lips down to the hollow of her neck, the sweet spot that could make her knees buckle. They very nearly did, as she leaned into his lips hard, panties twisted around her knees. His hardness was hot and insistent against her thigh, and tangled in the cloth of the nightgown. He tore it over her head, leaving her naked in the moonlight on the balcony. Her nipples tightened at the sudden exposure, and his fingers unerringly found one as his mouth found the other; teasing her nipple until it stood tight and hard against his tongue. She shivered, one hand on the back of his neck, the other lifted to her mouth. She tongued her palm, wetting it before sliding it down his sweat slick stomach to the hard cock below, wrapping her fingers around his stiff curved member, sliding around and pumping wetly. His knees nearly buckled then, a growl thrumming against her breasts. He pulled away suddenly, grabbing both her wrists and planting them on the balcony. 

He pulled her hips back and nudged her feet apart, leaving her leaning out on the balcony. Then his arm snaked around her hips, and she felt his fingers slick with her wet sliding inside, making her cry out. He toyed with her, knowing she wanted to feel his cock inside her, prolonging the wait as his fingers teased her, until her wetness ran freely. Finally, he couldn't wait either, and he stood behind her, coating his length with her wet on his fingers, his cock hot and insistent against her ass. 

She seized the opportunity, grabbing him before he could pull away and tease again. She lifted up on tip toes to poise the head of him at her entrance, and before she could ease back onto him, he slammed his full length into her. He held her hips securely, driving into her, as she lifted up on her toes and cried out. The cry echoed in the courtyard, punctuated by the rhythmic slapping of his balls against her ass. The slapping echoed as well, continuing, as he pounded in and out of her, occasionally pulling himself all the way out leaving her emptied and needing...

...before pushing his thick hard heat back deep inside her, eliciting a delicious full body shiver, from her breasts all the way down. She leaned out over the balcony, hoping not to be seen but beyond caring much, to improve the angle of him inside her. She pushed her ass back against him, hard, one hand whipping back to grab a fistful of his ass as she screamed out his name as she came. Her legs shook and her ass bounced against his hips, driving him over the edge and he growled and gasped as he exploded hot and wet deep inside her. They slumped down to the cool tile floor, and panted there in the moonlight, bodies shiny, entangled, and dripping with sweat in the Spanish night's heat...

A clap of thunder woke him, and he sat up slowly, the last traces of the dream still with him, and a more physical reminder, his come slowly drying on his chest from his explosive dream.