 Chapter 2 -- Netflix and... 

Alex watched Sam lead her to his car and open the door for her. "what a gentleman" she laughed, batting her long eyelashes at him. "that is how I'm known" he smiled at her and walked round the car to the drivers' seat. Alex's heart raced and she squeezed her hands at her sides, worried that she would be unable to stop herself from jumping on him and fucking his brains out as soon as he got into the car. 

Sam started the engine and Alex casually let her dress fall to the side so that one of the slits revealed her leg all the way up to the top of her thigh. She turned her head to look out of the window and smiled in satisfaction as she heard Sam shift in his seat and clear his throat. "So! what have you got planned for us then?" she asked, shifting her gaze from the passing landscape to his gorgeous face. She watched him intently as his mouth lifted slightly at the side and he ruffled a hand through his hair, making it spike up in little peaks. God, she wanted him. Lust and maybe even love coursed through her body and she didn't hear a word of what he said until he glanced at her and smirked. "Sorry I was a tad distracted, what did you say?" she blushed a little and looked ahead at the road. "I was just suggesting we make ourselves a light lunch and sit in the garden for a while, I have a few films out that you can choose from for later but if you don't like them there is always Netflix". She chuckled, "I'm sure I would like anything you have to offer". Alex watched as a light shade of pink spread across his cheeks and had to close her eyes, for her emotions were so overwhelming at that moment she thought she might burst. 

Pulling into the driveway, all thoughts of seduction were tossed aside as Alex turned her attentions delightedly to the house she hadn't seen in years but had many memories of from her childhood. "Mais Sam! ça n'a pas du tout changé!" she gasped and turned to beam at him. "I've missed it here. I've missed spending time with you." He looked at her earnestly and leaned in to place a kiss on her cheek. "I've missed it just as much. I'm so happy you're here." Alex felt a small tear slide down her cheek and she laughed, embarrassed, "so how about some salad?". Sam grinned and hopped out the car, "c'mon then, tout de suite!" 

Once inside, they tossed off their shoes and headed to the kitchen to prepare lunch. Alex was on Salad duty and Sam on quiche. She tied her long hair up in a top knot and picked up a knife and a tomato. "Fuck!" a small trickle of blood came out of her finger and she cursed herself for being so clumsy. Usually a whizz in the kitchen, she hadn't been able to stop herself from being distracted by Sam's presence and had sliced her finger open. Sam's face was a picture of concern as he approached her. "Let me have a look at it", he took her small hand in his and gently brushed his thumb over the wound. "come upstairs and I'll put a plaster and some antiseptic on that." He took her hand and led her up the stairs to the family bathroom. 

Alex had nearly fainted at the skin to skin contact when he looked at her cut but when he took her hand, all senses left her body and she felt as though she could collapse and die right there. Dramatic she knew, but her feelings for Sam, having built up over many years, were all consuming and she just couldn't help herself.

Alex sat at the edge of the bathtub as Sam went searching through the cupboards for the necessary items. He crouched on the floor and set to work, carefully covering the small slice with some white cream before placing a plaster on it. The room was deathly quiet, and Alex held her breath as Sam's eyes raised to meet hers. They stared at each other and time passed at a painfully slow rate, the air laden with sexual tension. 

"I..." the word had no sooner escaped her lips before Sam's warm mouth covered hers. She closed her eyes and froze for a second, not sure if she was dreaming, before she pulled herself back to her senses and kissed him back with all the passion she could muster. His tongue flicked across her teeth, requesting permission to enter, and she willingly obliged. It delved into her mouth and their tongues fought a slippery, passionate duel. His hand came to the side of her face and he stroked her cheek, gently nudging her to stand up. 

They rose as one, their mouths never leaving each other. He nibbled on her lower lip and she felt herself go weak again, but this time Sam's strong arm was around her waist and she wasn't going anywhere. He broke away and made for her neck, eliciting a small moan from Alex's mouth. Warmth spread through her whole being and she felt that her wetness and heat were so strong he must be able to feel it from where he was standing. He sucked and bit the crook of her neck and she closed her eyes and breathed "I've wanted you for so long". 

At these words Sam's face rose from her neck and briefly latched onto her swollen lips once more. Both arms moved to the small of her back and he pulled her close so she could feel his throbbing, hard member against her. "you have no idea how much I have wanted you to say that" he growled, sliding his hands down over her ass and squeezing before bringing them just under and lifting her up. She wrapped her legs around him and kissed him again and again, grinding herself on him until her very palpable wetness had soaked through his shirt. "Fuck me Sam." She pleaded and he moved towards his bedroom, his mouth roaming over all of her exposed skin. 

"With pleasure"

Alex was lowered onto the bed and she stared up at Sam before moving her gaze to his erection pressing through his trousers, and then to her dress. "I think this needs to come off, don't you?". He was on her in a flash, lifting the dress over her head and freeing her sizable tits from the constraints of her bra. "fuuuuck" he groaned as he caught sight of her body in all its glory. He looked at her, his eyes burning with lust, and she made a show of spreading her legs for him and lightly stroking her sopping wet pussy through her panties. "Now this isn't fair", she said playfully, "I don't want to be the only one exposed"

Before she had time to register anything, his clothes were off and his huge, throbbing cock was in front of her face. She visibly shivered as the heat radiating out of her cunt became all the more intense. She leaned forward and grasped his dick in her hands, marvelling at its length and girth. "it's even more beautiful than I imagined" she said before flicking her tongue over the head. He groaned loudly as she continued to slide her tongue all over the tip of his cock. It twitched and she smirked before taking it in her mouth, the warmth and wetness of it causing Sam to moan harder and squeeze his eyes shut. "fuck" was the only word that came from his mouth for the next half an hour as she expertly worked his dick with her mouth and hands, pumping them up and down his shaft and sucking on him as she took more and more of his dick in her mouth. It's head grazed the back of her throat and triggered her gag reflex, she ignored it and continued to push his dick down her throat, her eyes streaming with tears and saliva dripping out of the sides of her mouth, she wouldn't stop until all 8" were in her. Sam's eyes rolled to the back of his head and he grunted as cum exploded out of his dick without warning and spurted deep into Alex's throat. She didn't pull off. She continued to suck and swallow until every last drop of his cum had been consumed. 

He removed his still hard prick from her mouth and brought her up to her feet. His chest heaving, he kissed her lovingly, caressing every part of her body with his hands before bringing his mouth down onto her right nipple. Alex whimpered as his tongue explored her breast and cried out in ecstasy when he bit down on her nipple. His left hand rolled over and pinched her other nipple as he continued to suck on her right tit. He moved his focus to her left and gave it the same treatment. Her toes curled and she felt herself getting close. Her small whimpers and moans got louder and sensing her inevitable climax he slid a hand down her front and gently stroked her clit. This sent her over the edge, and she cried out as her first orgasm of the day surged through her body. 

As she was in the throes of her orgasm, Sam tore off her pants and dove down to face her soaking wet pussy. He inhaled her scent deeply and waited for her to stop cumming before he licked from the bottom of her cunt to the top. He repeated this movement several times before latching his mouth into her sensitive clit and sucking hard. She came again, violently writhing around beneath his invading tongue. He lapped up her gushing juices and thrust his tongue as deep into her convulsing pussy as he could. He tongued her through her second orgasm and rubbed her clit with his hand. She held his head against her pussy and bucked her hips up to meet his tongue. "please" she said meekly. Sam's head rose, his face glistening with her cum, "please what?" he smirked. "Please fuck me... UHNG", Sam had slid a finger into her pussy and pumped it in and out, "Could you say that again for me? I'm a little hard of hearing"

"FUCK ME. FUCK ME SAM. FUCK ME NOW" 

His finger was swiftly removed, and he moved her roughly until she was on her hands and knees in front of him. He rubbed his cock against her pussy, teasing her and covering the head with her slick juices. Without any warning he slammed it into her, making both of them yell loudly. "Jesus FUCK, how tight are you?!?". She couldn't reply, her mind foggy as the pleasure she felt from having his cock fill her up entirely coursed through every vein in her body. He slid out of her and he pussy felt empty, but his member was quickly thrust deep into her aching cunt again. He pumped in and out with gusto, cursing over and over again and stroking his hands all over her perfect ass, back and waist before grabbing her top knot and pulling her back to meet his thrusts. 

She felt complete and so entirely happy she didn't know what to do with herself except scream Sam's name each time his gorgeous cock rammed into her pussy. They both felt as though they were made for each other - and although the mere concept of intelligent thought was ludicrous, a little notion appeared to both of them that there would be no one else, this was 'the one' 

Alex cried out and came around Sam's cock. He growled as he felt her pussy muscles contract around his member, slowing down his thrusts for fear that he would come too. She moved off his dick, flipped over and crawled away from him to the head of the bed. His distraught expression caused her to chuckle and she crooked a finger at him, signalling him to come towards her. He did. She ran her hands over his perfect body and kissed him sweetly. Then she looked deep into his eyes and bit her lip. A wave of passion swept over him and he took her in his arms and cradled her head. "Je t'aime" he whispered, and his heart fluttered when she mewled in response. 

Wordlessly she pushed him gently to lie back on the bed and straddled him. He stared up at her perfect silhouette with hooded eyes. She was shuddering and flushed, her hair was falling out of her bun and caressing her smooth skin, brushing her collarbone. Her chest heaving, her pert breasts rising and falling, she leant forwards and lifted her ass to position his rod at her entrance. Gazing into each other's eyes, she slowly lowered herself onto his cock, the silky walls of her pussy were exquisite and milked him for all he was worth. Her mouth formed a little 'o' and her eyes fluttered closed as she rode him slowly and sensuously, both of them exploring each other with their hands. 

She picked up the pace, her strong thigh muscles carrying her up and down, her perfect cunt supplying such pleasure for them both. They reached their climax together. The power of it so enormous their bodies quivered, and they opened their mouths to silently thank each other for their companionship. Tears splashed out of Alex's eyes as ropes of Sam's cum were sent deep inside her contracting pussy. 

A little while afterwards they found themselves curled up together on the sofa, lunch discarded, and a random film chosen to occupy them although their only thoughts were for each other. 

Alex had started that summer with the intent of seducing and fucking Sam, but the result had been so much better. Their bond was everlasting, emotionally and sexually. Their love (and sexual appetite) for each other knew no bounds.