 I noticed the knot of young men up ahead and my interest was piqued. Loud music rocked from the front porch - it was one of those well-earned, sweet hot days in late summer, a warm and voluptuous late afternoon. I calculated from behind my sunglasses as I swung down the street: 5 recent grads from the local high school (I remembered their endless parties in early June), one swinging a golf club, all of them ducking their heads one by one and stealing long looks at me as I approached. The sun behind my back was undoubtedly silhouetting my legs through my short full skirt. My hips rolled a bit more as their hormone-fueled preening did it's business on me. They parted as I approached to let me pass on the sidewalk. I couldn't resist slowing down and lowering my glasses - making sure they got a good look at my barely contained cleavage and flashed them a brilliant smile.

"Afternoon, Fellas" I purred, taking a deep breath of the pheromone-laden air that surrounded us. "Mmmm... you all smell great!" I flipped the hem of my skirt at the tallest one as I passed. They all stood speechless for a moment, then reacted as one - laughing and punching each other on the arm. They were just so cute! I stopped short about a half block away, struck by a brilliant idea. Just perfect for the start of a long weekend for which I had no plans. I sauntered back to the small but mighty group. "Excuse me, gentlemen" I turned up the hint of southern accent which I came by honestly, "but I don't suppose any of y'all would be interested in making a little money this weekend by helping a poor old lonely maiden lady out with a few chores around her house, would you?" I lowered my sunglasses again, laying on them the full impact of my expressive green eyes. 

"Um..." the tallest one said, looking at his comrades, "I guess it would depend on where it is and how much we could make." The other boys shuffled their feet and thought about their plans for the weekend. I could see the desire to party away one of the last few remaining weekends before the start of college wrestling with their boy scout upbringings. 

"Oh, it's just at my house... right down the street. And... how's 20 dollars an hour sound for a little yard work? It shouldn't take more than an hour or so, especially if you all pitch in!" I did the math in my head quickly and figured it was worth a hundred to have these boys at my disposal for an hour this evening. I mentally drew up the short list of chores I had been neglecting and avoiding because of the heat. Perfect! They'd have a few bucks to get someone to buy them beer tonight, and I'd have five young tan bodies to watch for a while to get me in the mood to go out clubbing that night. Nothing like a dose of young'uns to get those thirty-something juices flowing! God! I licked my lips almost unconsciously.

Smiles broke out all around as they did the math themselves. "Sure! I guess we could help out a little..." they all agreed. 

"How's 7 o'clock sound?" I pitched my voice at that level that made my ribcage vibrate.

"Sounds good - we'll be there!" a bank of white smiles greeted my invitation.

"Well, see ya then!" I waved and turned briskly. A slight breeze lifted my skirt as I turned, giving them a show I couldn't have orchestrated better if I'd planned it.

*       *      *

Four hours later, fortified by a light snack and half a bottle of Merlot, I greeted my helpers on my front porch. "This should be pretty short, guys. I've got a little something for each of you to do." With that, I led the beefcake parade around the house, pointing out several tasks that I figured would keep them busy for maybe forty minutes. I'd keep watch over them from the deck. They went to work immediately, and I sat at the table, a glass of wine in one hand, a cigarette in the other and book on my drawn up knees. I was still dressed in the skirt I'd worn earlier, a crisp white shirt tied tightly under my breasts, open to reveal the lacy bra that my breasts strained to escape. I loved the way their eyes slid from the task at hand to catch a glimpse of whatever they could see. I carelessly tucked my full skirt between my drawn-up knees, fully aware that my black panties played peek-a-boo with them. 

After I was satisfied that the toting and trimming were underway, I rose to bring my glass inside. "Y'all are doing a great job," I called breezily, "I gotta go get ready to go out tonight. If y'all are thirsty, there's plenty to drink in the 'fridge... just help yourself!"

"OK!" the tall one called back. I caught a few mumbled comments as I slipped in the back door. A shiver of excitement and anticipation ran up my spine. I had a good feeling about tonight.

I took a quick but refreshing bath, taking extra care in shaving every part of my body, including my pussy. I'd always loved the feel of my bare pussy under the short skirts I invariably wore, especially in the summer. During my ablutions, I heard some bumping under the bathroom window that faced the back yard. The sound of the electric trimmer nearly, but not completely, covered the heated conversation under the window. "... so hot!" I heard, and did not think they were talking about the weather. " love to show her.." "wonder what she has..." Oh yeah, I thought to myself... Just what I had in mind!

I laid back in the scented water for a moment, gently rubbing my tingling cunt. I was so ready for some dick tonight. I slipped a finger inside and thought about the boys just on the other side of the wall. Wouldn't they get a kick out of watching me right now! I glanced over at the window, just in time to see a tuft of dark hair disappear below the window ledge. Those bad boys! Peeping in on a poor old lady in her bath! I moaned with a wave of sexual heat that broke over me. My nipples stood at attention as I pinched them slightly, thinking about those white teeth and the sweet-mouthed youngsters in my yard. I let the water out of the tub.  

Stepping out onto the floor, I wrapped a big fluffy towel around me, drying my hair with the end. I went over to the window and saw four of the five clustered below. "How's it going, boys? Almost there?" I noticed all four sported respectable bulges in the shorts that clung to their young bodies with the sweat they'd worked up. They looked up at me, embarrassed. I laughed. "Nice of you to bring your own tools this evening!" They laughed then, too, if a bit uncomfortably. "Why don't y'all go get something to drink. It looks like you did a fine, fine job on the yard. You deserve a break. I'll be out to pay y'all in a few minutes."  They dispersed from their listening post and trooped up the deck stairs into the kitchen. I heard them bumping around in the refrigerator and cabinets. They're good boys, I thought to myself. I better not torture them any more than I already have. 

I dried my hair quickly and put on my evening makeup. The activities of the afternoon had made every nerve in my body sensitive. My eyelids, my cheeks and especially my lips were straining for attention. I smoothed a sweet-smelling moisturizer over my arms, my legs, and my breasts. I almost couldn't stop massaging the cool cream into my substantial tits - the nipples were hot to the touch. I wrestled the unruly mammaries into a low-cut bra, one of my very favorites, that offered my breasts up like fabulously ripe fruit, barely covering those hot, aching nipples. I survey the effect in the mirror. "Not too bad for an old broad," I dimpled at my reflection. I slipped a short satin dressing gown over my moist body and exited the bathroom. 

The guys were out on the deck when I emerged. They were sitting at the table talking in strained, low voices and swirling the ice in their glasses. The tall one was the only not sitting. He leaned against the deck railing, shirtless. I stood in the doorway for a moment, taking in the sight of his long, lean well-muscled body and felt a rush of wetness between my legs. He met my gaze through the screen door and slid a careless hand down the front of his shorts to adjust his obviously turgid member. He smiled slowly at me, sending another wave of sexual heat across the few feet that separated us. Yikes! This one could be trouble! I'd better send them on their way soon, before things got out of hand, so to speak. I slipped five 20's from my purse on the kitchen counter.

"Well," I chirped as I stepped barefoot out onto the deck, "you guys did a bang-up job on that yard. I really appreciate your help." I passed out the bills, feeling like a piece of metal passing by magnets as I approached each sweaty young thing. I could tell by the breeze that my robe was gaping a bit, giving them a glimpse of my lace-covered cleavage. I heard one of them moan softly as I passed. "You all are so nice."

"Uhhmmm..." one croaked in response. "Thank you, ma'am." Ma'am. That broke the spell. I got my treacherous body back under control and shooed them off. 

"Go on, now, boys!  Go out and find some fun! The summer's almost over! And I've got to get going myself. Even us old maiden ladies have to find some fun in the summertime, y'know!" They all laughed ruefully and chairs scraped against the wood deck as they rose. Somewhat uncomfortably, I was gratified to see, as they once again shifted their clothes to make room for what they now carried. They filed down the steps and out the back gate, all except for the tall one, who lagged behind the others. 

"You know," he said, all at once bashful for someone who had so recently sent me a sizzling glance with his hand on his cock, "I just realized that we didn't even introduce ourselves." He put out his hand. "I'm Josh." I put my hand in his, amazed at the manly strength that engulfed my fingers. I looked up into his incredibly blue eyes. 

"Hi, Josh. I'm Karey." I smiled right into his eyes. He didn't flinch. Instead, he brought my hand up to his lips. Pretty continental for a young kid.

"Hi, Karey," he rumbled, "thanks for the job." A giggle escaped before I could stop it. 

"No problem. Any time!" I could feel my face burning as my body once again began to respond almost against my will. He dropped my hand with another crooked smile and slipped down the stairs and out the gate. I stood for a moment to catch my breath. I should watch myself, I thought. This is just how a person gets into trouble! I went inside to dress.

I confronted my closet. My whole body felt swollen and tender, nothing more than my pussy. I slipped my finger between my labia and felt a rush of moisture. Always ready, aren't you, you slut, I thought. Well, let's make the best of it. I pulled out a sweet little dress that always made me feel fuckable - a black and white sleeveless Donna Reed number, only Donna Reed never looked quite this slutty. I'd had a friend of mine make it for me - a short full skirt with a little crinoline to hold it out, belted tightly and a close fitting bodice that dipped deeply, little lapels that stood out from my bosom, offering a luscious décolletage. Oh yeah. I put on pearls and high-heeled black sandals. I decided to leave my legs bare to the heat. And to forego the panties for the evening. A dangerous combination, I thought with a wicked grin at my reflection. 

I was leaning into the hall mirror, putting on a coat of bright red lipstick when the doorbell rang. I gave myself a long look. Who could that be? I struck a Barbara Billingsley pose for the mirror, liked the look and went to open the door. 

"Josh!" I said, my breath catching just a bit.

"Hi, Karey. Wow! You look... really nice!" We stood staring for just a moment through the screen door. Then my senses returned and I opened the screen. 

"Come in! What can I do for you?" He passed close as he entered and his scent once again filled my head with animal thoughts. I closed the front door behind him. He turned, and we were nearly touching chest to chest. I looked up to see his eyes glued to my breasts. He drew a ragged breath. So did I. 

"Ummm... uh... I left my... shirt... on your deck and I was... uh... wondering..." his gaze slid to my eyes and his voice faded. I was mesmerized by the blue of his eyes. My body leaned into his of its own accord. The lapels of my dress pressed against the bare skin of his chest and his hand automatically slid around my waist. Just for a moment I could only feel the heat of his body and a great rushing sound in my ears. Then I returned to sanity and stepped back.

"Oh! My! Sorry..." I put my hand on his chest and pushed lightly, straightening up. "these high heels can be so... dangerous!" I stepped around him, heading toward the kitchen.

"I'll say," he murmured as he followed me. 

"Of course you can get your shirt!" I laughed breathlessly, still reeling from the closeness of his hot, smooth chest. "Wouldn't want you having to go around all naked... or anything..." Again the color washed up into my face, as I thought about what I just said. Actually, I couldn't think of anything I wanted more. "Would you like something to drink... while you're here?" I turned as I entered the kitchen. There he stood in the middle of my kitchen, the overhead light which I never considered very flattering turning his bare torso into that of a Greek god. I leaned back against the counter, my hand to the soft valley between my breasts. I could feel my heart beating wildly under my palm. 

"Sure," he grinned, "if it's not too much trouble. I've been so... hot... and thirsty... all afternoon." He leaned against the door frame, filling it. He crossed his arms across his chest, making his biceps bulge. Unblinking, he slowly took in my shoes, my legs, my dress. Again, his eyes settled on my bosom, and I realized that my hand had crept inside the bodice to rest on my left nipple. I quickly pulled my hand away and swung over to the fridge, too conscious of the brevity of my skirt. 

"Hmm..." I opened the refrigerator door, grateful of the rush of cold air on my burning skin. "Let's see... we've got juice, tea, water, wine, beer..." I leaned over a bit, peering deep into the recesses of the appliance "and... vod" I felt him behind me. Close behind me. I froze, my hands on the door and the side of the fridge. I felt his hands on the waist of my dress. They slid up, the fingertips finding the hard nubs of my nipples under the cotton fabric. I felt him press his hips against my ass, barely covered by the short skirt of my dress. I couldn't breathe, that rushing sound filled my head again. I heard a soft moan escape my lips. He answered with one of his own. I took a deep breath of refrigerated air and straightened up. "Um..." I closed the door to the fridge and turned in the small radius his hands and body allowed me. I fell back against the door. "Ummm... Josh... I..." His gaze stopped me. His face filled my vision as his mouth descended onto mine. He sure is a good kisser for a kid, I thought, as his tongue explored my mouth. His hands slipped up to cup my breasts, his fingers and thumbs rolling the nipples which had escaped their bondage and were straining the fabric of my dress. He pulled back for a moment and I drew a shuddering breath. "Josh - you're... you're - how old are you?"

"22" he growled, unbuttoning the top two buttons of my bodice "that was my little brother and his friends today." He grinned again and worked my nipples from their den into the light. "God, you have excellent tits." His mouth descended to take first one then the other nipple captive. 22 hunh? I thought. That's a different matter... There's not so much difference... 15 years... not quite old enough to be my son... my thoughts went a deep purple as the suction on my breasts chased all thoughts of age out of my head. My knees buckled and Josh was quick enough to catch me on the fly, so to speak. "Feeling OK?" He grinned at me.

"MMmmhmmm" I managed. My arms went around his neck, whether to keep me from hitting the floor or to press against his fabulous chest, I'll never quite know. The feeling of my bare nipples against his chest was heavenly. It felt as though an electric current pulled us and held us together. Before I knew what was happening, he had lifted me lightly up onto the kitchen counter, as if I weighed nothing. He stepped back and stood looking at me. I imagined what he saw, my dress gaping open, my skirt fluffed out around me. I took in the 6'3" tanned body in front of me. He was absolutely beautiful. And the fully erect cock that peeked out from the leg of his loose shorts was even more so. Never taking his eyes from mine, he hooked his thumbs into the waistband of his shorts and slipped them off, kicking them across the kitchen floor. "Oh, Josh..." I breathed, completely excited at the prospect before me. I grinned back at the nude hunk of manflesh and stretched my legs out toward him. He grasped my ankles and pulled me toward him 'til my ass was on the edge of the counter.

"What you got under that Pleasantville skirt, young lady?" He stepped into the vee of my legs, running his hands up my calves, under my knees and smooth thighs. "Let's have a look..." Kneeling down on one knee, he hooked my legs over his shoulders. His blond head ducked under the frothy crinoline, then popped out quickly. "Wow!" His eyes sparkled up at me. "You're so... smooth!" His head disappeared again and I waited, holding my breath, waiting for his next move. I felt his big fingers gently petting my shaven pussy. A finger slipped lightly between my labia - I could feel my moisture spreading. "and you're so... wet... Mmmmm" his tongue flicked lightly, his fingers spreading my swollen slit. His nose made contact with my clit, sending a shock through my body. I gasped, my knees coming up off his shoulders of their own volition.  A finger thrust directly into my pussy.  His head reappeared. "Oh Karey... I..." 

I pulled his upper arms, urging him to his feet. He stood in front of me. I wrapped my legs around his slim waist, pulling him to me. I reached down to guide his cock to my waiting pussy. He entered me slowly at first, staring deeply into my eyes. We both reveled in the magical moment of the meeting of the flesh. Then with a small groan and his head thrown back, he thrust the full 8 inches of his cock into me, filling me up as I had seldom been filled before. My legs wrapped tightly around his waist and my arms around his neck, impaled firmly on his cock, he pulled me from the countertop and laid me right in the middle of the kitchen floor. I laid there for a moment, stunned at the sight of this beautiful boy over me, then rocked up to meet his thrust. He buried his burning cock in me to the hilt, pulling out slowly and thrusting back. What a fit, I thought, breathing with the rhythm of our fucking. I could feel the hard ridge of his cock rubbing the sensitive spot in my pussy, the tip of it hitting the top, hard. I heard his breathing become rapid and harsh, and I tightened my muscles, milking his cock. His balls slapped against my ass as he thrust harder and faster. I felt the wave coming on me. I looked into his eyes and knew he was close too. "Yes," I whispered, "yes, Josh, oh yes." The wave crashed over me, my back arching up off the floor. I felt my pussy contract and contract at the same time as his cock throbbed with his last powerful thrusts. I could feel his hot cum fill my hole, his face buried in my breasts. We both laid still for a few minutes, catching our breath. I gently squeezed my pussy muscles, massaging his fabulous cock. I kissed his forehead, brushing his hair off of his sweaty forehead. 

"Wow." He breathed. 

"Really wow," I replied. I didn't want to move from this position, his softening cock inside me. But eventually, we did. We stood, and moved around and retrieved discarded shorts. I got in a quick, sweet lick, taking his now flaccid cock in my mouth before he put it away. I love the taste of my pussy juice mixed with cum. 
