 Disclaimer: This is a work of my own imagination.

Author's Note: Title basically sums it up, I guess. There are 12 chapters total, posted in 3 sets of four. Hope you enjoy.

*

Chapter 1:

"No!" twenty-two year old slim, petite and quite attractive Lana Stewart cried as she heard a loud crash come from under her car before it began to buck suddenly on her way home from work.

She managed to keep control of her car as she pulled over and got it to stop without hurting herself or anyone else.

Lana was not entirely out in the middle of nowhere, but at 10 P.M. when she couldn't remember the last time she saw another car on the road, she felt she may as well be.

She picked up her cell phone and wanted to throw it against the windshield when she saw that she could not even get a partial signal.

"No car, no phone and no one on the road," Lana said to herself as she took inventory. 'Looks like I'm walking,' she added mentally as she ran a hand through her long dark waves of hair.

She walked for several long minutes, unsure of just how long or how far when she came upon a bar, She could see the long line of motorcycles out front as well as a number of drunken, black leather clad bikers headed towards a few.

'At least they'll have a phone,' she thought.

From the instant she walked in it was no mystery just where she was. It was a biker bar and from the look of the patrons, not one was a poser.

"Do you have a phone I could use?" Lana asked the bartender.

"No phones for miles, girly," he told her. "Most of the people here don't wanna be bothered and there's little that's more irritatin' than a ringin' phone."

"Thanks," she muttered as she turned to head back.

But before she could get more than a step beyond, a large, round and black leather clad man who reeked of booze, smoke and she didn't want to guess what else, slid his thick, slimy arm around her slim waist and told her, "Lookin' for a phone, cutie? I got one for ya."

As politely as she could, Lana moved to get out of his grip, but he only hung on tighter. "Let go of me," she ordered through mostly clenched teeth.

"Not until you give me a little something," he told her, his hot, rancid breath falling over her slim, pale face.

But before either of them could say another word, another black leather clad man walked up and moved the man holding onto Lana several steps back by taking hold of no more than his coat collar.

This one was tall and muscular as opposed to short and round with strength. Their weight may have been around the same, but it was clear who wore it much better and could easily prove his was muscle.

In the man's surprise, Lana was freed and quickly moved to leave the bar, only to be taken hold of again. This time by the new, late twenty-something and much more attractive biker who had just appeared.

"Keep your grimy hands off my girl!" he fired, his voice about an octave or two higher and less rugged than the others she had heard when she came in. And she couldn't help but find herself a little attracted despite how he was holding onto her.

'At least he smells better,' Lana couldn't help but think. He smelled of leather and the crisp night air and though it was not often she inhaled a man's scent, this one was causing her to make an exception.

"Sorry, Jas, didn't know," the man said quickly before he disappeared.

"Come with me," the muscular, 5'11, long haired brunette man told her softly as he walked her over to a table in the back of the crowded bar.

Lana didn't want to, but it was obvious he wasn't going to let go of her yet, though she was thankful that he wasn't hurting her. "What do you want with me?" she asked.

"You're not from around here, are you?" he asked.

She just shook her head in reply as she took in the sight of him again. He had a short, dark beard, but she could still mostly make out his slim and lightly tanned face. His incredible brown orbs, soft cupid bow lips and hardly a line on his handsome face, all seemingly completely contradictory of his supposed rugged image.

"Don't worry, you're safe with me," he assured as he glanced around the bar.

"How can I be so sure?"

"They know me here. I say you're mine and they won't touch you. But if you're on your own, you might end up dead in a matter of hours, or worse."

"Who are you?"

"Jas is the only name you need to know. It's how they know me. What's your name?"

"Lana," she answered. She paused for a moment and asked, "You keep saying they know you. How do they know you?"

"Let's just say I don't always have the greatest temper and more than a few fighting skills I've put to use in this place, among others, and by now they know not one of them could take me."

"Fists of steel and rings to match," she stated as she looked to his slightly scraped knuckles and large, sharp edged silver rings he wore on his thumbs and index and middle fingers. As well as the single, small silver hoop earrings he wore in each ear.

She managed to temporarily tear her attention away from him seconds later as she felt herself growing increasingly warmer.

"They help," he said with a sigh as he looked to his strong hands briefly before looking back to her. "So, what's an innocent looking young girl like you doing in this place?" It wasn't a pick up line, he just couldn't figure it out. And though it was the last thing he currently wanted, he was finding an interest in the young woman in return.

"My car broke down a few miles from here," she told him.

"You'd never know it," he said with a very slight smile, almost too slight to make out, as he looked her black and white work clothes over and noticed that she was barely sweating despite the crowd and her walk.

"Thanks," she said with her own barely there smile.

"Shit," he said suddenly as he looked to a few very large men coming into the bar.

"What?" Lana asked as she began to turn to see for herself.

"Don't look," Jas said just as suddenly. "These guys have been after me for a while. If they see you with me, they'll kill you."

"Should I go?" she asked.

Jas was just about to answer, but just then he saw another few of the large men come into the bar and he then took Lana's hand quickly. "You had your chance," he told her.

"Where -?" she tried to ask, but by now he had her running out through the back door around to the front and lifted her onto the back of his motorcycle before he started it.

Lana held tightly onto him as he drove. It wasn't her first time on a motorcycle, but never had she been on one doing at least seventy miles an hour down a deserted, darkened road.

"Their leader and I got into it one night, he died, now they want me dead," he told her, having to shout over the motor.

She didn't respond there. She felt he had said enough, but she couldn't help but wonder where he was taking her. Or what else he had in mind for her.

'You're safe with me,' were the words repeating in her mind. She wanted to believe them. But what was his definition of safe? She almost shuddered to think as violent images came into her mind.

"I'm sorry about this," he said once they had pulled off into a motel lot. "I hadn't planned on having company. But since they saw you with me, you're gonna be a lot safer if you don't leave."

"What do you mean I'm safe with you?" she asked, slight fear present in her voice. She couldn't help it. She had been close to this type of situation a number of times before, always able to protect herself before, but this time she wasn't sure if she could do it again.

"I won't hurt you," he said as his dark eyes met hers. "I'm not like them. I may look it and there may be times I act like it, but that's not me."

His reassurance began to work on Lana and she followed him into his room. He hadn't been lying about not expecting company as Lana could see a number of his clothes seemingly strewn across the room, his leather jacket soon joining a pile at the foot of the bed as he shrugged it off.

"I'm sure it's not what you're used to, but make yourself at home," he said as he disappeared into the bathroom.

She took a seat on the bed and let her eyes scan the small room as she heard the water come on in the shower. His dark clothes seemed to be all around, but that was all she saw. Not even a helmet for his bike.

At the same time she found herself relieved when she realized he didn't have any weapons out. That if he had them they were in the next room with him or at least somewhere else. His words may have been soothing, but that was what was really helping her to relax.

"Ready for bed?" he asked about ten minutes later when he came out of the bathroom in a pair of tight jeans and a short sleeved black t-shirt while he brought a towel to his long dark waves.

'His arms are huge!' she marveled mentally. "Yeah," she said in a slightly strained tone from the amazement of his appearance that his leather jacket had mostly hidden.

She was only finding him more attractive by the minute it seemed, but she had to correct herself about one thing. His biceps were on the larger side and very well defined, but it wasn't as though he was a body builder. But she would not have been surprised to find out that he had been at least a semi-professional fighter.

Catching her in her stare, Jas just shot her a knowing smile, finding himself looking her over again as well.

Despite her embarrassment, Lana still could not look away as she now took in the sight of how his shirt was clinging to his abs and pectorals beneath.

"Like what you see?" he asked, his smile still spread across his handsome face as he tossed the towel over to a chair.

"I could ask the same of you," she replied through her growing embarrassment, an amused smile now tugging at her soft, slightly pouted lips.

"All right, if you want to get changed, I'm sure I could find something for you to wear to bed," he told her as his eyes scanned the room.

"I'm okay like this," she said as she pulled her long sleeved white satin shirt off, revealing her white tank top beneath. Her boots and socks were next before she laid down, still leaving her black pants, white tank top and bra on.

"This wasn't how you saw your day ending, was it?" he asked as he turned out the lamp and laid down beside her.

"Not in the least," she told him as she looked ahead into his incredible brown orbs, truly seeing them up close despite the darkness of the room. "But it sure beats going home alone to an empty apartment again, just going through the motions like I've done every day for the past however many years."

"Glad to know I've been a nice distraction," he said, finally giving her a real smile.

At that smile on those perfect cupid bow lips, Lana could not resist any longer. Being inches from them, within seconds she claimed his lips in an intense kiss. She didn't know why, but she had to have him. And she had to have him right then and there!

Jas didn't protest, instead he kissed her back just as fiercely. His questing tongue slipping quickly passed her lips and teeth before reaching her own, realizing she was willing to let him take control.

But not for long as Lana's tongue soon began to duel his while their bodies moved closer to each other. Lana now easily feeling his hardening bulge as her breasts pressed into his firm chest.

Her hands soon moved to his belt between them and began to almost claw at it to unfasten it as quickly as possible, still never breaking their heated kiss as their tongues began to slip a little deeper into their mouths.

It was Jas who broke their kiss to practically tear her tank top and bra from her slim frame, his strong hands venturing downwards to her pants next.

Lana rolled over to her back to make it easier for them both. "Get me out of these," she breathed as he soon moved above her lower half and stripped it bare, leaving her clothes in a heap by the bed while her hands ran through his dark waves before tugging at the black material separating his heated chest from hers.

This time it was Jas' turn to feel his shirt ripped from him, almost literally, as Lana brought her slender hands up and lifted it quickly from him, adding it to the growing pile.

At seeing his chiseled, lightly bronzed torso, she couldn't help but rake her nails gently down its length, feeling each and every steel-like muscle beneath his smooth, increasingly feverish skin. And she couldn't help but enjoy the sight of his nipples being as hard as hers at the sensation.

"I never would've expected this from you, Lana," Jas breathed as Lana's hands moved to his jeans to help him out of them. "When I saw you -"

"I'm not usually like this, but there's something about you," she breathed in reply as she could feel his long, slender pole jutting towards her once his jeans had been lowered enough before he managed to slip them off entirely, the thick denim material the last to fall as he wasn't wearing anything beneath.

Jas smiled in reply and moved his hands to her naturally large swells, his fingertips circling her rosy areolas as her small buds continued to strain. His mouth trailing kisses down from her smooth throat to the center divide between her breasts and lower still to the flat of her stomach before he trailed his tongue down to her heated core.

Lana gasped sharply as he began to apply slight pressure to her nearly pebble hard clit, soon nipping lightly with his teeth. His strong hands increased their grip at her needful globes, but not enough to hurt her. His hot tongue had combed through her dark curls and was now circling her swell and her body was writhing in its molten delight.

Now tasting this seemingly innocent beauty, Jas could feel his hard cock twitch with each flick of his tongue and at each moan his lover made. At this point he couldn't tell how long she would last, but he knew he would be ready to take her the moment she was ready for him to.

Jas' hands soon began to lower as he moved his tall, muscular frame back up her body's length. Caressing her sides first, then the sides of her waist before he put his left hand to her right hip and lowered his right to her hot and juicing folds, her body growing increasingly ready to welcome him.

As Lana's lips were soon covered by Jas' again, she could taste herself on his whole mouth and it aroused her to no end. To know that his incredible mouth had been against her most sensitive point. His tongue having been a hair's breath from being inside her. His rock solid dick would have to be next!

While their kiss began to grow even deeper, Lana was still feeling his body moving ever so slightly, yet so solidly above her as she felt two of his fingers slide slowly into her while his thumb rubbed her swell intently.

She could almost feel her body melting into the mattress beneath her under his weight, but as long as he didn't stop, she didn't care if she sank through it.

She soon gasped again, a moan displaying her indescribable pleasure immediately following as he thrust his fingers into her, her hips bucking towards his hand in reply.

At each snap of her lower half towards him, feeling his fingers already coated in her thick nectar and feeling how ready and how close she was, Jas knew he couldn't wait any longer. She was as ready as he was and there was no denying it now.

Lana's hands had moved to the headboard behind her, her knuckles nearly white as her senses threatened to send themselves into overdrive.

Jas soon took his hand back, hearing a soft, disappointed sigh come from Lana as she felt his digits slide out. As he moved above her again, he made a slight show of licking his fingers clean before he brought his lips to her neck while he moved his lower half between her parted legs.

"Take me, Jas," her tone bordering on pleading.

He took his lips from her again and smiled as he looked down upon her as he was already unable to form anything remotely resembling actual words. Though hers were all he needed to hear. Her moans and gasps had already been music to his ears and had worked wonders on his own senses.

Jas took his long, slender and now throbbing rod into his fist and as he began to kiss her again, slowly and carefully pushed himself into her eagerly awaiting snatch, his shoulder length dark waves mingling with hers as he hovered above her.

They both sighed in relief at this moment having finally arrived, taking a few moments just to savor it as they could both feel him filling her.

Jas groaned pleasantly as her walls accepted him and pulled him in deeper. She was squeezing him so tight that he knew it wouldn't be long, but it was clear she would come first and he wanted it to be everything she was hoping for.

Lana moaned as he finally began to thrust into her. Now her hands were at his wide, squared shoulders, clinging to him as gently as she could. But he was hitting each and every point in her velvety depths that were pushing her closer each time he pulled almost all the way out and virtually slammed into her again and again.

Jas' hands had traveled to her hips again, helping to steady her as their pace continued to increase. Her hips were leaving the mattress at each thrust to meet his, the loud slapping of their wet flesh only capable of being even partially masked by their quickly amplifying rapturous moans and groans.

It wasn't too much longer before the both felt Lana's walls beginning to flutter and her muscles coiling in preparation for what was sure to be one of her greatest orgasms ever.

Jas continued to thrust himself into her again and again, knowing she was just on the edge. He fought to keep their kiss, but as their moans and gasps were coming quicker, lasting longer and growing louder, it was becoming almost impossible.

With that in his pleasure fogged mind, his lips returned their attention to her sensitive neck and his right hand lowered again, this time using his middle finger to rub continuously against her hard and increasingly sensitive clit.

Lana called his name, loudly, finally as the fire that had built within her had become like a wildfire through each of her veins. Her shudders tore through her entire petite frame and her blissful cries soon became a sheer scream of pure ecstasy as her fiery juices coated his buried cock.

Jas rode out her volcanic orgasm through her very last tremor when finally, with a roar of his own ecstasy, he came just as explosively, his tight, heavy balls emptying themselves into his lover.

Still they rocked together for a matter of moments until their ecstatic and quivering bodies had begun to recover, knowing they were truly spent and their moderate floods had run dry.

Jas collapsed to Lana's side as they both laid weakly against the mattress, complete content reflected in their flushed features as they looked to each other.

"Why do I get the feeling I won't be going back home tomorrow?" she asked once she had recovered enough of her breath.

"Why do I get the feeling you don't want to go back?" he asked in reply, his own breath yet to completely return as well.

Lana knew he was right and quickly returned her mouth to his. Jas quickly returned the tender kiss and put his strong arms around her as her left arm laid over his firm, sweat-dampened chest.

*

Chapter 2:

"You stayed," Lana said softly as she awoke to Jas waking beside her the next morning.

"So did you," he stated just as softly.

"What now?"

He sighed slightly as he sat up and said, "I need to get back on the road."

This time it was Lana's turn to sigh, unable to conceal her disappointment as she sat up herself and unnecessarily held the sheet to her otherwise nude form.

Pulling his jeans back on, he added, "And should a certain brunette be willing, I wouldn't mind the company." He then turned to her and waited for her reply.

"You'd really want a pampered princess for your road companion?" she asked. It wasn't how she saw herself, but often how others saw her, even if only because of how she dressed and carried herself.
