 Disclaimer: This is a work of my own imagination.

Author's Note: Title basically sums it up, I guess. There are 12 chapters total, posted in 3 sets of four. Hope you enjoy.

*

Chapter 9:

"We should get to work," Jas said as he broke their kiss several minutes later.

"What are we gonna do?" Lana asked.

Jas took a deep breath and answered, "With Doug, we're never going to listen to him again. With us, I'd like to think we're on our way back to where we were on the beach."

Lana smiled softly and said, "I hope so, too. But how do we keep Doug from trying this again?"

"We fight him," he answered. "Let him spew all the bile he wants, but don't listen to a bit of it. Just smile and nod and think to ourselves that we know he just wants to make money off of us and figures he can do it best if we're apart."

"Well, you look better," Melanie commented when she saw Lana a few hours later during her break.

"No I don't," Lana stated. "And as long as Doug's around, I never will."

"What?"

"Nothing," she told her. "Can we just not talk about this?"

"About what?"

"These past weeks, Jas, just please, okay?"

"Okay, I'm sorry," Melanie said. "It's just seeing you during your classes, you look really focused now, not like this past week."

"I am," she said. "Let's just say I've been able to get my focus back."

"Dude!" Nick cried in amazement once Jas got a break between clients. "That was awesome!"

"Thanks," he said a little too modestly.

"Why weren't you doing those moves before?" the tall and muscular redhead asked.

"I was, just not like this," he answered.

"I don't get it."

"New focus, I guess," he replied.

Now he and Lana both had managed to gain better control over themselves while they were working. And it was beginning to show in their training. They were focusing all they felt over what Doug had done into their sessions and it was sure to attracted more clients for them as those they already had were growing more appreciative.

It wasn't that the lovers had sworn to only work at work and be together at home. It just seemed they were able to concentrate better now and focus on what they were doing to where it was easier for them to disguise what they really were to each other until they were off the clock.

That night they decided on a walk on the beach before deciding on heading into the house, just wanting another chance to clear their heads.

Soon they both took a seat on the sand and Jas could only watch as Lana looked out to the water.

"I thought you might like it out here," Jas commented.

"It's beautiful, hypnotic," she said as she looked out to the glittering water, seeing it run straight into the star-filled indigo sky.

"Can't argue with that," he stated as he looked to her.

"Is it always going to be like this?" she asked, her eyes still looking out to the water.

"Maybe not, but I can't see it not getting better," he answered.

Lana smiled at his words, wanting to believe them.

"Lana, I know we've been through a lot in these last few weeks at the gym, but there's something I want you to know for any time you're doubting any of this," he said with a deep breath, finally finding the words he had been searching for.

"I'm listening," she said as she turned towards him.

"None of this would've been possible without you. If I'd been the kind of guy to let you go into that bar, knowing what would happen and just drive off I don't even know where I'd be now. I can't even be sure I'd still be alive. But I know I wouldn't be here. And I wouldn't be at a new job that has been my dream for more than ten years and I would've have this new life that I'm falling more in love with each day," he told her.

"And here I thought you were saving me," she said with a soft smile, her heart nearly racing at the hope that he also meant her in addition to what he was falling in love with.

"That was the plan," he said. "And then you changed it on me. You looked at me like I was a person. You spoke to me without ordering me to let go of you or threatening me. And then you did what I least expected and am thankful to you for each day."

"What?" she asked, able to tell that his answer wouldn't be about their first time.

"You trusted me," he answered. "When I told you that you were safe with me and that I wouldn't hurt you."

"Well, you did something even before we got to the motel that I'm thankful to you for each day," she replied.

While he had an idea of what she would say, he asked, "What?"

"When we ran out of the bar, you took my hand. That was when I knew that all you'd said was true. That you weren't just saying they were after you to get me in bed. All I can think is that I knew I could trust you not because I was already attracted to you, but because I knew there was something there that I'd never known before. Something I never want to lose," she answered.

He smiled briefly and added, "Just know that no matter what, you're who I want, Beautiful. And this life isn't all that I've found myself in love with." He paused again, the words finally reaching his lips, "I love you, Lana."

She was taken by more than a little surprise, but instead of telling him she felt the same, she could only ask, "That's not the sea and stars talking, is it?"

"No. It couldn't be more me," he answered truthfully.

"I'm glad," she told him as his words began settling within her. "Because I love you, Jas." When she saw him smile, she turned a little more towards him and leaned in to kiss him. A slow tender kiss that only lasted seconds as she soon broke it and admitted, "That night, I never wanted you to let me go. Already I knew I didn't want to be without you."

For several minutes after that they only kissed, wanting to prove that never again would they have to be without each other.

"Doug really deserves what's coming to him," Jas said softly when they finally parted for air.

"Do you really mean that?"

"He would've killed me with his plan," he answered with a nod.

"How do you figure?"

Jas took a deep breath and answered, "If his plan had worked, there's no way you would've stayed. With you gone, work would've become my life worse than ever before. I wouldn't have been sleeping, I'd forget to eat and pretty soon it would've caught up with me."

"Okay," she said, knowing the same would have been true for her.

They couldn't be sure how much more time they spent on the beach, but very little of their time once back inside their house tonight was blur.

Knowing they'd had to interrupt themselves that morning, their one and only focus now was on the other and what they currently needed most.

They were in the kitchen together again just after dinner once they had cleared off the table. Each glance was being met with a smile and increased heartbeats and soon they were nearly against each other again.

They had been trying to hold out, not wanting to act too soon or push the other if they weren't ready yet.

But judging from the heat blazing in Lana's eyes, Jas could see she was as ready and willing as he was and he couldn't help but ask, "Think you're ready to see how strong our dining room table is?"

"If you're sure it won't break on us," she answered.

"Wouldn't it break under us if it broke at all?"

Lana wasn't amused by his joke.

"I'm sure," he replied. He saw her smile softly and it was only another few seconds before his lips claimed hers, his arms soon coiling tightly around her as he gently crushed her body to his.

Lana had no intention of protesting as her arms were soon laced around him in response, their tongues twining and their hearts racing as one of the many moments they had been longing for had finally arrived.

Though Jas was slowly moving backwards towards the dining room, he wasn't releasing Lana from his hold or their kiss and as he had hoped, she was following.

Never breaking their kiss, they made it all the way to one of the armless dining room chairs, Jas being the one to take a seat. Lana followed again, straddling his hips as she sat with him, their kiss only intensifying as she pressed herself even more into him.

Familiar sensations were now creeping back into both of their heated bodies as their tongues continued to duel and as their hands began to wander over each other.

At feeling Lana so solidly above and against him and as she was taking in each contour of his mouth, often doing the same with hers himself, Jas could feel his cock already beginning to harden just beneath her. But he was too far lost in their kiss to wonder if she was feeling it, knowing she soon would if she didn't already.

Lana smiled to herself slightly as it was impossible for her not to feel his hardening bulge pressing slightly into her as her already moistening folds were nearly just above it. But she herself was too lost in their heated kiss to do much but have her hands running up under his well fitting blue t-shirt, wanting to feel his skin against hers again.

By now Jas had the same idea and was running his hands up her back from up under her form fitting purple top. Now it was his turn to smile to himself as he felt her skin prickling under his touch, already imagining just how hard her nipples had to be by now, not to mention how wet she had to be getting from this as he could already feel the heat emitting from her snatch through his jeans.

Still, Lana was taking in each inch of the lightly bronzed firm skin of his back that she could, before running her fingertips down the length of his sides, knowing he enjoyed it as much as when he did it for her.

Her nimble fingers were soon running back upwards, letting them dance slightly over each muscled plain of his broad torso before finally reaching his firm pectorals, brushing his own hardening small nubbins ever so slightly, feeling them strain even more against her fingertips, his entire body now seemingly silently pleading for her touch just as hers was for his.

And as if reading her mind, Jas brought his hands down her sides before moving them to her stomach, bringing them upwards oh so slowly. And just as her palms seemed to rest at his abs, his hands were moving steadily upwards, cupping and gently grasping her otherwise satin covered breasts.

Lana leaned into her lover's incredible touch, her body wanting so much more and soon her right hand lowered between their closely pressed bodies as if to demonstrate her need. Her slender hand lowered until it met and soon began fondling her lover's firm, denim incarcerated bulge.

At the sensations she was sending through him, Jas moaned into her mouth and Lana drank it down greedily. With one hand she unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned his jeans and lowered his zipper just before slipping the same hand into his pants and grasping his hot rigid tool. At which he could only moan into her mouth again as a hot jolt of pleasure shot down his spine.

As Lana's tongue still twined with his and as her right hand continued stroking his hard shaft while her left was still teasing his chest, she felt his hands dip into her bra's cups and truly grasp her breasts. She moaned into his mouth again as the tips of his index fingers circled her rosy areolas. A blissful sigh emerged at each gentle squeeze and pinch he gave to her small straining buds.

Jas could easily feel her nipples stiffening even more between his fingertips and knew her entire body was now awakening completely with his touch just as his was with hers. He wanted to feel more of her fevered skin against his, but he wasn't ready to surrender her lips any more than she was ready to surrender his, even if it would be to lift her top from her.

Now it was time for Lana to almost read Jas' mind as her right hand lowered just a little more to fondle his heavy sac, an undisguised sigh of appreciation soon following.

Another pleasure filled minute passed until Lana felt Jas release his hold on her mounds, lowering his strong hands down her sides and to her hips before his left rested at her right hip and his right now teasing her yea-close to juicing folds.

Lana gasped slightly in surprise and at the hot pleasure filled jolt that had just been sent through her. She could feel Jas' fingers tracing slowly at her folds, her wetness easing his movements.

Next, Jas raised his teasing slightly, circling her swelling clit, a moan now entering his mouth and he took it as greedily as she had taken each of his. It was only another matter of seconds before two of his fingers truly met her wet heat, both soon fanning out to stroke her velvety inner walls.

Lana had returned her hand's attention to his swollen rod, stroking him more intently as her own needs were increasing. The surging within him now in time with her own and as his fingers were now thrusting up into her, her hips were meeting his hand at each. All the while, her moans were growing steadily louder and both knew their teasing would soon come to an end.

Really, they couldn't help but enjoy this though, knowing their bodies were getting used to the other's again. Each familiar sensation intensifying, each desire being further fueled and each moan, sigh and groan becoming music to the other's ears once again.

But after another minute, it was all getting to be too much for the lovers and Jas took his hand back, a soft moan of disappointment came up from Lana's throat in response. But she soon felt better as she realized why he had stopped. Within another few seconds his strong hands were curling under her toned thighs and lifting her onto the table as he stood.

Lana took her hands back, but still didn't break their kiss as they were still managing to deepen it. This was one of the rare times that Lana wasn't wearing anything beneath her short skirt and right now she couldn't help but be thankful.

Jas took his own hands back, but only long enough to lower and kick off his jeans and boxers, his cock immediately jutting free and demanding relief as their mouths were still locked on each others' as they moved closer. When he brought his hands back to her fevered form, he slid his left under the back of her top and unhooked the back closure of her bra and raised his right to pull it down from under her top, soon tossing it aside.

It was obvious their kiss still wouldn't end, but at least their bodies had one less layer of clothing separating them and he could still feel her protrusions pressing into his skin, his own soon to be pressing into hers again.

Lana moved her hands to Jas' back and brought him slowly down with her as she reclined onto the table. Soon Jas was nearly above her, the fingers of his left hand trailing up her inner right thigh, her thighs parting more response.

His fingers were nearing her nether lips again, but though he could never tire of the feeling of her thick moisture coating his fingers, he knew she was needing more and no longer could he deny that the same was true for himself as his cock was currently throbbing more with anticipation and need just as her cunt was.

Within seconds Jas was moving atop his lover and slowly pushing his pulsating long and slender stalk into her gripping recesses as he steadied himself with his left hand on the table. Her hips were now rising to meet his as they chorused in their shared rapture at their bodies finally being joined once again, both nearly being overtaken by the passion building within them.

Lana's muscles clamped down on him almost as soon he had begun to move deeper into her, her body instantly accepting him. She couldn't believe how amazing he felt, almost as though the time apart had caused her to forget certain aspects of their previous times together.

Jas was having his own similar reaction. He couldn't remember her feeling so tight or so warm or even so wet and as he entered her more, inch by inch, he knew it would only be another matter of minutes before they would lost what ever control they were currently clinging to.

Almost unknowingly they began their fiery rhythm, their kiss still refusing to end as they met each other at each thrust.

Lana soon began to get her bearings again and raised her hands to the silken flesh of his broad chest, her nails raking gently down its length and back up again, his own small buds still standing erect against her touch.

Jas was moaning into her mouth now just as she had begun to moan into his, their lips still fighting to keep their heated kiss even as their pace increased.

Now it was Jas who was getting his bearings again and he shifted his weight onto his right arm to lower his left hand over Lana's sensuously writhing body. It wasn't long before he was reaching up under her form fitting top again, gently kneading their silken pale flesh of her right breast. Almost too easily, he could feel her hardened point was still just as hard as he had left it.

With a slight arch of her hips a minute later, Jas was hitting the most pleasurable spot of her body with each thrust and they could both feel it.

Another moan escaped Jas' throat and Lana drank it down voraciously as their hips continued to meet almost completely, her body still growing more demanding just as his was. Her walls were already gripping him so tightly that he couldn't be sure how much more he could take, but he knew he still wasn't ready for it to end just yet.

The same was true for Lana. Her body was still writhing blissfully under Jas' and she could already feel her muscles beginning to coil in preparation, but still she fought to hold on.

But as she felt Jas filling her again and again, seemingly hitting her farthest of inner walls and her burning clit grinding very definitely against his steel hard shaft even as his mouth had yet to release its hold on hers, there was no control left within her to cling to. She cried out ecstatically and felt herself convulse repeatedly as the waves of her searing pleasure crashed into each part of her, her orgasm overwhelming her.

And just as Jas was beginning to think she couldn't grasp him any tighter, she proved him wrong as her muscles temporarily imprisoned him yet again. That coupled with the feeling of his buried cock being bathed in her hot juices proved to be his final straw.

He pushed into her completely twice more before giving an ecstatic roar as his entire frame shuddered just above hers while his balls emptied themselves into her tight tunnel, his own climax as equally explosive.

Long blissful moments passed as their pace slowed and they rocked together, their bodies slowly coming down from their orgasmic heights.

Only then, as they fought to regain their breath, did they let their impassioned kiss come to an end.

But this time as they began to truly recover, Jas didn't move off of Lana like he ordinarily would. Instead, he brought his hands back to her hips and moved back off of the table with her. In seconds he was sitting back in the chair with her straddling his hips once again, her hot juices now truly running down his marginally softened cock that he still had within her.

"I guess you were right after all," Lana stated with a smile as she looked to her lover, her arms lacing around his shoulders.

"About what?" he asked, currently unable to remember he had been the one to mention the large table's strength.

"The table," she answered.

Jas laughed slightly as he ran his hands up the length of her back, still wanting to hold her close.

"You still feel incredible," she breathed as she looked to him.

"So do you," he told her with a smile that matched the contentment glittering in his dark eyes.

They both found themselves wanting to move in for another kiss, but their lips were currently too sore to let them. It was then Lana reluctantly began to climb of off Jas to continue her recovery in the chair beside him. Though she couldn't conceal a slight wince as she took a seat.
