 I'd been debating what to do about the invitation for a week or so. My freelance writing was going pretty well, but it wasn't totally supporting me yet. I held a part-time retail job and did odd cleaning and catering jobs when I could get them to supplement my income without tying me down too much. For the day in question I had a lead on a catering gig I could take and I could really use the money. On the other hand, it's a July 4th party being given by a very old friend at his new house and I haven't seen him in ages, nor have I ever seen the house. Stan has been bugging me for months to come out and see the place and talk about the renovations with him. I guess I've been avoiding this because for one thing I'm not so fond of his new wife, Joy. To me she seems shallow and dull and I'm really just shocked that he married her. He is so much more interesting than that. I'm also sure that if Stan asks for my opinion on anything related to the house, and he will because he respects my judgment, Joy will automatically veto the suggestion simply because it came from me. The fact that the house is 40 minutes from mine doesn't help, either, since my schedule has been crazy lately.

Joy will be at the party, of course. I think the reason she doesn't like me much is because she suspects I have some "history" with her husband and it makes her uncomfortable. In truth, there is some history but it was so long ago and it was so casual that it might as well never have happened. Mostly, he and I have just been friends. Joy and I are pleasant enough with one another when forced to socialize, but we've kept our distance except when we couldn't avoid it.

There is one, and only one, truly compelling reason for me to go to this thing and I can sum it up in a single word: Len. Len is Stan's best friend from forever and if anyone can be said to ooze sex appeal, it would be this man. The two of them were thick as thieves when I met them. I was dating a guy named Paul who was in their social circle, which is how I got to know the whole gang. Most weekends there would be at least one night when the three of them, their friends Jack and Sam and any current girlfriends would hang out together drinking beer and listening to music. All the months I dated Paul I secretly lusted after Len but as sexy as he was, he always had a girlfriend of the month on his arm and I was always with Paul when I saw him. Except for one time.

There was a Christmas party and reunion of sorts after they had all been apart for some time and Paul had felt ill and gone home early. He had been my ride but I hadn't felt like leaving so I said I'd catch another ride home. It came to pass that Len offered me a lift. His girlfriend rode shotgun but she lived much farther from him than I did so he dropped her off first. I had climbed into the front seat for the rest of the drive and when he pulled up in front of my house I leaned over to give him a kiss goodnight. He had kissed back and we'd wound up making out in the car for about half an hour before my senses got the better of me and I went inside. We had gotten each other pretty worked up that night and from his groan just before he pulled my hand from his crotch I was pretty sure I'd made him come in his pants, but we never discussed it and we never had the chance to be alone like that again. I'd always wondered what it would be like to fuck him but it was only a fantasy and now, somehow, years had gone by. Len would occasionally visit me in my dreams and I frequently thought about him when I masturbated, but to my great regret we hadn't kept in touch. I wondered if he ever thought of me.

Paul and I had long since broken up and lost touch. Stan was the only one of the group I'd kept in contact with and we'd lived only a few miles apart during a time in our lives when we were both lonely, so we'd slept together a few times. The sex was okay but never great and there was really nothing emotional between us aside from friendship. It was just a comfort thing, like eating a big plate of mashed potatoes. We'd drifted back to a platonic friendship after a couple of months, then I'd gotten a job in another city and moved away until about a year ago, when circumstances in the form of me leaving both a dead-end relationship and a dead-end job had taken me back to my home state. Stan and I have gotten together casually on occasion since then, but he always has jealous Joy in tow while I'm very single and it isn't the most comfortable situation. We also have very little in common any more, so the evenings together have gotten shorter and farther between.

In any case, I feel maybe I should go to this party, get the ordeal of seeing the house out of the way and maybe see a few other old friends. I know Stan is in contact with some of the old crowd and I know from him that Len is also still single, although I'd heard he'd had his heart broken pretty badly a couple of years ago. It's a long shot for him to show up, since he lives a couple of hours away in another state, but I figure I'll go to the party and if Len is there it'll be a bonus no matter what happens. I call the catering captain and tell him I'm not available that day.

For the party I've dressed nicely, but casually in a camisole top that shows off the little cleavage I have, a knee length, soft skirt that flirts in the slightest breeze with my toned legs and low-heeled sandals that accentuate my slender ankles. The pedicure I'd treated myself to the previous day completes the outfit. It's turned into a sultry summer afternoon and I'm glad of the light clothes. After about an hour there, though, I am really beginning to wish I'd skipped the whole thing because it's mostly Joy's friends and family and I am bored to tears. Then I spot Len on the other side of the lawn, walking towards our hosts, and my heart skips a beat. He is looking right at me and when we make eye contact he smiles and winks at me. He goes to chat with Stan and Joy while I continue to make small talk with whomever I'm standing next to but I can't even remember her name because I keep looking at Len. He, in turn, is periodically glancing over at me. At first I think all I want is to catch up on the last few years when we finally get a chance to talk, but then I notice that he is not just looking at my face, his eyes are roving hungrily down my body, which my active lifestyle has kept pretty trim. I'll be damned, but he is undressing me with his eyes, something nobody has done with me in a very long time! I feel myself begin to get aroused, gooseflesh rising and my nipples getting hard despite the warm July day. Eventually we work our way around the fringes of the crowd until we can finally talk to each other. Len leans over to give me a kiss on the cheek, his beard brushing my ear and sending a delightful and welcome tingle down my spine.

"Sarah, you look wonderful. How's life been treating you?" he asks. We chat for a while, learning each other's recent history and trying to appear as if our bodies aren't yearning for each other. I haven't made love with or even been particularly attracted to a man in nearly a year and suddenly I become very aware of the closeness of this exceptionally sexy man, as if my body is aching to make up for nearly a year of abstinence all at once. A few other people join us and try to make conversation as we stand there in the hot sun, but we must have been giving off some kind of vibe because they each move on pretty quickly. 

Eventually Len and I decide to give ourselves a tour of the house, which neither of us have seen. Stan is too busy with all his guests to play tour guide to everyone and frankly I'm a bit relieved. I know I'm hoping to find a place for us to be alone and I think Len is hoping the for the same thing. Most of the rooms inside have at least a few people in them and we try to appear interested in discussing the period details and the progress of the renovation with them, acting casual but feeling a growing sexual tension between us.

The back door opens into a small mud room with coat hooks and a bench. This, in turn, opens into a bright, sunny kitchen. The appliances badly need to be updated but I find myself envying the counter space and high ceilings. There is a walk-in pantry to the right and a formal dining room through another door to the left. Hand in hand, Len and I slowly make our way through the dining room and into a small parlor that is currently outfitted with two recliners and a large television. Woodwork in every room is in various states of being stripped and refinished, in this room only the crown molding remains painted. The room opens up into a hallway with a nearly paint-free mahogany railing and several doors to additional rooms beyond. There are party guests everywhere, so we press on. The house seems endless.

Finally, after what seems like hours of small-talk with people we don't know and will never see again, we find a dusty old formal parlor, one that obviously has not been cleared of the previous owner's old furnishings. There are velvet drapes all but obscuring the light from the windows, which haven't been washed in years. The furnishings consist of two overstuffed chairs and a big, soft looking velvet couch. I lead the way into the room and Len follows, softly closing the door behind him and leaving the noise of the party behind us. Alone at last. Len comes up behind me and pulls the full length of my body against him. I can feel that he is already hard and I wonder how long he has been walking around like that. My breath catches as he begins kissing the back of my neck and running his tongue from my ear to my collar bone. My panties are suddenly quite wet and I am fighting the urge to rip my clothes off. Len slides his hands up under my top and cups a breast in each hand, caressing gently and teasing my nipples into stiff points before easing the camisole up over my head. I turn and we kiss deeply, a long-held sigh escaping my lips with my breath. Len bends down to lick my nipples, gripping my ass with both hands as I unbutton his shirt. I can't resist running my hands through the mat of hair on his chest and down across his abdomen. I'm not the only one here who has managed to remain fit and the sight of a male torso with a defined six-pack turns me on fiercely. I drop one hand lower and stroke his erection through the fabric of his shorts. My hand is trembling as I try to control the urgency I am feeling to get him inside me. 

"Oooh, Sarah, that feels sooo good." He whispers huskily into my ear. I wonder if he knows the effect these words have on me. I give his cock a squeeze and he moans softly. I want desperately to feel him against me, so I wrap my arms around his waist and press his lower body to mine. The feel of his stiff manhood through the soft fabric of my skirt makes my clit throb in delighted anticipation.

I pull him over towards the couch insistently as he shrugs his shirt off and unbuckles his belt. I help him ease his shorts and underwear off over his stiff cock which bobs in happiness at finally being free from the confines of the fabric. I stroke him, letting my hand go everywhere and learning the shape and size of him. He moans in pleasure and thrusts against my hand. I lean down to kiss and caress the head with my tongue, tasting the saltiness of the fluid that has gathered there, but we are both too impatient for much foreplay. Len pulls my skirt and soaked panties off. His hand slides down to my sex as his tongue probes deeply into my mouth. He fingers me expertly and finds my wetness; it is my turn to moan.

"Oh god, Sarah, you are so wet. Do you want me inside you?" He whispers. As if he didn't already know the answer.

"Yesss" I hiss. "I've wanted that for the last hour. I want you deep inside me, I want you to fuck me." I never talk like this, it must be something this man is doing to me and I like the feeling of freedom that comes with it.

My legs are quivering with desire and I am so ready for him. I pull him down onto me on the soft couch and the feel of his stiff cock against my inner thigh is almost more than I can bear. As he kisses me the tip of his cock teases against my pussy hair and I thrust against it greedily. I raise my hips and he enters me, sliding into my well-lubricated tunnel as both of us gasp because it feels so incredible. I am too aroused from all the anticipation following these long months of abstinence and it takes just a few thrusts before I am bucking and moaning, the climax as intense as any I've ever had. Len is patient, despite his desire, and waits for me to calm down before beginning again. When I can finally open my eyes he is grinning down at me like the proverbial cat that got the canary.

"That seemed pretty intense." He says.

"It was amazing." I reply, still breathing heavily. "Your turn."

He begins to thrust inside me again, going slowly at first and trying to make it last as long as he can. As his thrusts become more urgent I become aroused again and begin to meet his motions with thrusts of my own. I feel his cock grow even larger and harder inside me and he picks up the pace. Each stroke pulls the head of his cock nearly out of me, stimulating the most sensitive part of my canal, and on each thrust back into me my clit meets his pubic bone, causing me to groan in pleasure. I draw my knees up towards my chest to increase the contact between us and I feel my pussy tighten around his shaft. 

He moans in bliss and whispers in my ear "You're sooo tight and wet I can't last any longer. I'm going to come now. Ohhh yes, yes. I'm coming. Ohhhh..." His words trailed off into a moan.

Hearing him say these things and the feeling of him thrusting and pumping his cum inside me are just too much and it triggers my second orgasm. My moans of pleasure join his in a kind of weird harmony as the waves of release wash over us. With a final shudder I lower my legs beside him and he collapses on top of me, stroking my hair and showering my face with kisses.

"I wonder if anyone heard that." I say, glancing towards the door. "It would be embarrassing if someone walked in on us."

"I locked the door, just in case." Len replies, kissing me again. "You know, I've been wanting to do that for about five years."

"I've been wanting it for longer than that." I reply, a smile on my lips. "The possibility of you being here was the only reason I came to this party."

"The chance to see you again was mostly what brought me here, too. Speaking of which, we probably had better get back before they do come looking for us" And with that he slides out of me wetly and stands up. Like a gentleman he helps me off the couch and I'm glad of the assistance as my legs are not quite steady under me for the first moment. We retrieve our clothing, but before dressing Len fishes around in his pocket until he comes up with a handkerchief. He draws me to him and, kneeling, gently wipes away the fluids that are dripping out of me and down my legs. This is an act of tenderness that nobody has ever performed for me before and I feel my heart start to melt. I cannot possibly be falling in love with this man, can I?

Summer clothes are easy to get into, so we are dressed quickly and head for the door. Before turning the latch I straighten Len's collar. He kisses me sweetly and smoothes my bangs. My heart skips a beat at the way he looks at me. The door's hinges protest loudly as Len swings it open, but nobody is in sight. We both let out the breath we had been holding and head back through the house and out into the bright July day. Stan is standing over the barbeque, grilling burgers and chicken breasts. I am suddenly starving and the smell of cooking is making me dizzy. I make a bee-line for the food with Len at my side.

The rest of the afternoon is spent sitting in a small group. Len has been near me the whole time and a number of the old gang have shown up, so the scene in our little area of the enormous lawn looks pretty familiar to me. Stan joins us for a while, catching us up on news of the absent members of the circle. Paul is living halfway across the country with his wife and two kids. Knowing he couldn't make the party he'd sent a couple of photos, which we passed around. As the sun begins to dip below the tree tops most people gather their belongings and seek out Stan and Joy to say goodbye. Len and I are the last remaining members of the old gang. Stan has gone to help Joy see her family off and we walk towards the house to try to find him before we leave.

"Do you want to drive all the way home tonight?" I ask. "I only live about forty minutes from here and you could stay at my place. Unless you have plans for tomorrow that you have to get back for, of course."

"No plans, and I'd like that. Thanks." He replies. Casual, like I was just a friend. Maybe I'd read him wrong? Still, he is going to spend the night with me. I begin to get turned on all over again.

We say our goodbyes and head to our respective cars. I wait until I see him drive up behind me and he follows me to my place. I'm living in a small house that my parents had bought as an investment years before and they were between tenants when I'd been moving and needed a place to live. I get a break on the rent in return for doing some repair work and I'm saving to buy my own place. We enter through the kitchen door and as I close it behind Len he slips his arms around my waist from behind and begins to nibble on my ear.

"Don't you want the tour?" I ask.

"Sure. Tour me to your bedroom" he replies, into my neck.

Untangling myself, I lead the way up the narrow stairs to the modestly sized room that I have chosen for my bedroom. Len moves to sit on the bed and holds out his hand.

"Come here," he says. I go gladly into his arms and for the second time that day he pulls my camisole up and off, exposing my small, firm breasts.

"These are just delicious" he tells me, his mouth about half an inch from my right nipple. He reaches out with his tongue and flicks it over the nipple, then draws it into his mouth as it hardens. I arch my back towards his mouth and put one hand behind his head, pulling his face into my chest. After giving quite a bit of attention to each of my breasts, he stands and undresses himself, and then me. Drawing me to him he kisses me long and slow and deep, letting his hands wander down my back from neck to ass, finally cupping my cheeks and squeezing gently. He turns me around and gently guides me down on the bed until I am lying with my feet still on the floor. He then gently opens my legs and bends close to my pussy. He stays like that for quite some time, just looking. I'm beginning to feel a bit uncomfortable when he moves closer and, ever so gently, plants a kiss just above my clit. The contact feels wonderful. Then he begins to use his pointed tongue to part the hair and move between my lips. I gasp as that tongue slips inside me, tasting, swirling, thrusting. A few moments of this and the tongue moves up, expertly circling my sensitive, throbbing clit. Someone has taught this guy well and I can feel my climax building. He senses me getting close and he stops for a moment to wet one index finger. As his mouth renews its assault on my clit he slips his finger inside my wet hole and begins to thrust it slowly in and out. Then I gasp as his mouth plants itself over my clit and he begins sucking on it and probing it with his tongue at the same time. I come, thrashing and moaning, unable to control my body's movements at all. When it is over I realize I have Len's face pretty well clamped between my thighs and I relax my legs. He pulls back to catch his breath, smiling gently.

"Was that okay?" he asks.

"What do you think?" I reply, still trying to catch my breath.

He stands up, his erection sticking straight out in front of him and looking too good to resist. I hold out my hand and he takes it, helping to pull me into a sitting position.
