 Justin pulled into Sarah's driveway just as he had a couple times every week over the last few years. He was early, which was something strange for him. He decided to go knock on the door, and see if Sarah was also ready early. As Justin walked up the steps and near the door, something caught his eye. Some movement on the couch inside made him stop. His eyes grew wide as he realized what he had stumbled upon. 

There lay Sarah, covered barely in a black towel, furiously fucking her beautiful pussy with a large, dark green cucumber. Justin stood silent to watch her work. Sarah already had her makeup on, but her damp brown hair was pulled back in a loose, messy bun, and her eyes were closed. Her towel had shifted to reveal her small pink nipples. While she fucked herself, she gently played with those beautiful breasts.

Justin felt a familiar stirring in his loins, and realized that his cock was already very hard from these few seconds of watching. His cock ached for release from his pants, so he knew he had a decision to make. Either Justin needed to quietly go back to his truck, or he needed to somehow make his presence known. Sure Justin has thought of Sarah in this way before, but they were just friends. Then again, it was the middle of a hot, summer, Saturday afternoon and she was masturbating in front of an open window, and the front door was open, so anyone could see inside the glass storm door. Sarah obviously needed a release as much as he did. 

Justin carefully opened the glass door and simply said, "Hi."

Sarah jumped and quickly covered her body, without even looking to see who had disturbed her. As she glanced toward the door, she was completely overcome with embarrassment. Justin was here at least a half-hour early. She had planned on being done long before he got there. She blushed knowing what he had seen and searched his face for his response.

"Can I come in?" Justin asked, as he tried to give her time to react.

Sarah nodded and quickly realized, as he entered the house, that he had apparently enjoyed what he'd seen through the window.

"You're early." Sarah finally whispered.

Justin walked a little across the room and started, "I had some errands, so I figured I'd check and see if you were ready, since you're normally waiting on me."

Sarah smiled at his excuse and began to relax. The bulge in Justin's pants reminded her of the cucumber pressed firmly against her still wet pussy and she asked him to come sit down beside her.

A sly smile crossed Sarah's lips and she asked quietly, "So... did you... um... like what you saw?"

Justin equaled her smile and quickly responded. "You looked like you could use some help."

She thought for a few seconds and asked, "How were you planning on helping?"

Justin chose his words carefully.

"Well, I could be an extra hand, either rubbing you, or using the cucumber," He said while he lightly place his hand on her bare knee.

Enjoying Justin's scorching touch and fearing she would lose her nerve, Sarah reached under her towel, grabbed the moist cucumber, and handed it to Justin. She then adjusted herself on the couch, lay back against the pillows as she had been before, and spread her legs.

Justin, encouraged by Sarah's move, quickly slid his hand from her knee to her thigh and lightly pressed his lips to the inside of her knee. He ran his lips down the inside of her thigh and gently rubbed her clit with his thumb. He placed the cucumber at the entrance of her achingly wet pussy and leaned down to lightly lick her clit as he slid the vegetable inside her. Justin watched as Sarah's hips began to move in response to being filled and he began to finger her clit more quickly and he slid the cucumber in and out of her body. Quiet moans began to fill the room. He smiled and moved toward her so that he could take one of her small, sweet, hard nipples between his lips.

Sarah gasped in response to Justin's mouth on her breasts and he knew her orgasm was not far away. He increased the speed at which he fucked her tight pussy and sucked harder at her breasts. He then moved so he could focus his entire attention on her clit. He rubbed it furiously and rammed the cucumber inside repeatedly as Sarah's moans increases in intensity and volume. Justin watched the pure ecstasy in her eyes as the first wave of her orgasm crash over her. Her nipples hardened as she reached her climax and she screamed in release. Justin still gently pumped the vegetable in her body until he felt her pleasure subside. 

His body now aching from his own needs, Justin considered his next move. His mind raced when he heard Sarah whisper. 

"Please let me ride on your cock," she seductively pleaded.