 Last Tuesday I got stuck working until about 6 o'clock. I go for a run almost every weeknight and sometimes on Tuesday I run with the local running club. By the time I got my gear on and headed outside a soft rain had started to fall. It was late June and the temperature was around 80F so it was muggy and warm but the rain had a nice cooling effect. I headed uphill and figured even though I was fifteen minutes late maybe some of the running club members were still at the meeting spot in front of the elementary school. As I got close to the school I didn't see anyone in the parking lot so I jogged through the bus drop off and figured I'd just go on with my usual loop. Just then I heard someone call out my name.

"Hey Charlie." I slowed down my jog and saw Lilly come running out from the school overhang. Lilly was about 26 and part of the running club. She had shoulder length black hair that was almost always in a ponytail. She was about 5'3" and had pretty big boobs. She looked like Mia Sara, the actress from the 80s. She was in pretty good shape and always very friendly. She was one of the reasons I still checked out the running club on occasion. 

"Hi Lilly. You the only one here?" I asked even though I knew she was. 

"Yeah. I was just about to call it quits but I love running in the rain."

"So you willing to brave the elements?" I asked as I looked up at the sky.

"I'm game if you are," she said with a smile as she started to run. 

"How far you want to go?" I asked.

"How far were you going to go?" she said as we trotted down the road. 

"I figured 5 miles."

"Sounds good to me," she said with a smile. Lilly was wearing a light blue running shirt that had the "Boilermaker" race logo on it and a pair of black running shorts that showed off her tanned and toned legs. I had seen Lilly out at the bars a few times and we had a few friends in common. I knew she had gone to college and was working some kind of office job. So we chatted about that bullshit as we jogged along. I had a five mile loop that wound through a few of the neighborhoods and had a couple of big hills. As we ran the drizzle turned into a steady rain. We were both soaked and Lilly's blue shirt was clinging to her and really showing off her tits even though she had them compressed with a sports bra. A car honked at us as we ran along. Lilly waived not realizing that it was likely some horned up guy watching her water logged tits bounce as we jogged along. As we ran up hill into a neighborhood where they were building new high end houses it really started to downpour. 

"I know I said I love running in the rain but maybe we should head back. This is a little much." She was practically shouting at me because it was raining so hard and so loud. 

"Lets duck in here until it blows over" I pointed to one of the half built houses. We sprinted into the front entryway. The rain had soaked us both. She was panting, chest heaving. The cold rain had caused her nipples to get hard and were poking out through her sports bra and shirt. I grabbed a towel that was on a work ladder and wiped her face. 

"Thanks," she said as she looked right at me. "I can't believe how hard it's raining."

"I know, we're soaked" I said as touched the sleeve of her shirt. There was steam coming off of both of us and the house sounded of the pounding of the rain on the unfinished roof. We stood in the doorway watching the rain. She reached up and took the band off of her pony tail and her dark wet hair cascaded down to her shoulders. We looked into each others eyes and were caught up in the awkward silence. 

"Would it creep you out if I told you that you look really good when you're soaking wet and you let your hair down?" She blushed and looked away.

"No... besides I always had kind of a crush on you."

That was all I needed to hear. "Really? Then you might not mind if I..." I leaned in and kissed her. She kissed me back. I slid my left hand up to her face and brushed her wet hair behind her ear as we continued to kiss. I slid my hand down to her breast and she let out a soft moan. 

After a few minutes of making out she pulled back and said "I don't usually do stuff like this." 

"You're doing great so far," I said with a smile as I leaned in and kissed her again. She slid her hand down and gently cupped my rock hard dick. 

"Wow. Looks like you are ready to go," she said with a devilish grin.

She gripped my cock through my shorts. "I think we should get you out of those wet clothes" I said as I began to kiss on her neck. She threw her head back and closed her eyes as I kissed down her neck and peeled her shirt up over her tits. I slid her sports bra off and slowly slid my tongue down her tit towad her nipple. Even though they were D cups her tits were perky and didn't sag like a lot of the big ones do. She let out another moan as I flicked her nipple with my tongue. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled harder into her tit. She reached into my shorts and began to stroke my cock. 

"You are really good at that," she moaned as I sucked on her nipple. I stepped her backwards a few steps to a folding chair that was behind her. As she sat down, she pulled my shorts down allowing my cock to spring free. She licked her lips and looked up at me with her big brown eyes. She began to slowly jerk my cock. 

"Does that feel good?" She asked as she teased my cock. All I could do was nod my head. She slowly teased the tip of my cock with her tongue and then in one swift move she engulfed my cock with her mouth. She deftly slurped and sucked my cock while her hands played with my balls. I was close to blowing my load in her mouth so I stood her up. She had a sex crazed look in her eyes. I turned her around.

"Take off your shorts," I ordered her. She slid her shorts and panties off and bent over to take them off over her sneakers. I slipped in behind her as she bent over and began to finger her pussy from behind. She was dripping wet and moaned loudly as I slid my fingers in and out of her. I kept fingering her roughly and whispered in her ear, "How bad do you want it?"

She moaned and said, "Please fuck me. Please stop teasing me and just stick your cock in me. I want it so bad." I had her bent over the chair and was fingerfucking her as her big tits bounced in rhythm. In between thrusts, I positioned myself behind her and slid my cock into her dripping pussy. 

"Holy shit, its you in me" she gasped as I buried the full length of my cock in her. Reflexively, she stood up so I grabbed her hair, pulled her head back toward me and kissed her deeply. Then I bent her back over the chair and continued fucking her from behind. Her big tits bounced as she moaned and grunted with each thrust. As I slammed in and out of her pussy I reached around and massaged her clit as I fucked her. 

"Fuck me harder, fuck me harder," she groaned through her gritted teeth. I railed her as hard as I could by pulling my cock completely out of her and slamming it back into her with each thrust. The sound of my hips smashing into her ass echoed through the house. 

"Oh fuck, oh fuck. I'm gonna cum," she moaned. I felt a hot gush around my cock, I stopped and then quickly shoved my cock as deep inside of her as I could get it and held it in her. She shoved her ass into me and was trembling. 

"Please don't cum in me. I'm not on the pill," she panted. I thrust into her with short quick strokes. Her body gave in and she just stood there bent over the chair taking every inch of my cock and panting. 

"I want you to come for me," she groaned as I fucked her. "Please cum. I want you to fucking cum," she whispered.

Her begging me to cum coupled with the image of her big tits jiggling as I fucked her, sent me over the edge. I pulled out of her and sprayed my load all over her back. "Fuck yes," she purred as she collapsed into the chair. I leaned down and kissed her deeply as she sat there exhausted and panting. 

I picked up her panties and shorts and threw them at her. "Come on, it stopped raining," I said with a wink as I slid my shirt on. She opened her eyes, looked at me and laughed.

"Run, I doubt I can even walk after that," she said as she smiled. She put on her clothes, kissed me and said "Let's go."