 Marissa woke up late as she often did. The sun was already pouring into the room through the gap in her curtains. She threw the curtains wide open to reveal another glorious summer day. Marissa just loved these hot summer days. Her love of summer was in part due to the fact that her attractive neighbour, Dylan, often chose to work bare-chested in his garden. 

Marissa had met Dylan a month previously when he had moved in next door. She had done the friendly neighbour thing and gone over and introduced herself. He had seemed really nice, if rather shy. She had thought it ever so cute that he had blushed when she started to flirt with him. She had had a crush on him since then but aside from a few neighbourly exchanges Marissa's only contact with Dylan had been watching him from her window.

Marissa looked over at his garden as she did every morning but he was nowhere to be seen. She grabbed a quick shower before putting on her bikini and applying sunscreen. She took her time smoothing on the lotion, imagining that it was Dylan's hands running down her legs, gently applying lotion to her breasts until they glistened. Marissa couldn't help becoming aroused by the movement of her hand and thoughts of Dylan. She removed her bikini bottoms and lay down on her bed.

Sliding her hand down her stomach and into the curls between her legs Marissa bought to mind her favourite fantasy. Her hand reached her wet centre. Dipping a finger inside she took some of the moisture and used it to lubricate her clitoris. She began to rub it with slow circles as she thought of Dylan.

Her favourite fantasy always began with her seeing Dylan lying naked and asleep on a blanket in his garden. He had become tired after working hard in the garden and decided to do some sunbathing. He loved the feel of the sun on his body and so had stripped off completely. As the sun warmed his well-honed body he became sleepy and fell into a deep sleep. It was at this point Marissa imagined herself entering his garden. She would walk up to him and just stare at his beautiful body. She wouldn't be able to resist touching him and would run her hands, enjoying the feel of his warm chest and the way his chest hair tickled her palm. Marissa imagined that Dylan would wake up during her caresses but would pretend that he was still sleeping in order to see how far Marissa would go.

It was her fantasy and Marissa was willing to go all the way. She nibbled her way down his chest to his nipples and gently bit each in turn before soothing them with her tongue. She began to suck on his nipple, enjoying the taste of him in her mouth. While she sucked she continued to explore his body with her hands. Her hands slid down his chest to his penis and began to explore its length. She stroked her hand from the base to the tip, feeling his penis getting harder as she did so. She released his nipple and concentrated on stroking him until he became fully aroused. Marissa loved the feel of him, so hard and yet so soft at the same time.

Dylan watched through his lashes, hardly able to believe what was happening as Marissa slid down and took his erect penis into her mouth. Marissa had always loved giving pleasure to a man in this way. She began to suck gently on the tip of his penis as her right hand fondled his balls and her left hand continued to stroke up and down his length. Marissa sucked as much of her penis into her mouth as she could and ran her tongue up and down it. Dylan was struggling to remain calm during the sensual torment. He wanted to groan his pleasure whilst he thrust into her hot, wet mouth.

Marissa had begun to move her mouth up and down his penis with increasing speed. As she increased her speed in her fantasy she also increased the speed of her movement as she lay pleasuring herself on the bed. The tension built inside her as she imagined Dylan's pleasure.

In her fantasy he was unable to resist the pleasure that she was giving him and began to moan his impending release. He thrust into her mouth and came with a gasp. Marissa, lying on her bed, felt her own tension building as she stroked her clitoris in ever faster circles until finally the tension broke and she climaxed. She lay enjoying the spasms for a few moments before resuming her movements. She was still turned on and wanted a second orgasm. After only a few seconds she changed her mind. She wanted her second orgasm to be with Dylan. She dressed quickly and went to find him...