 Wearing only a summer dress, I stood at the glass door and watched the dark clouds invade the blue skies which had given us a day of unbearable heat. Watching the wind pick up the stray leaves from the ground and throw them in the air, I could hear the rain start to fall. This weather seeped passion into every pore of my skin, making my body ache with desire. I was so engrossed in my surroundings I didn't hear him approach. 

His breathe on my skin startled me as he bent down to kiss my neck. He took me into his arms and turned me to face him. He raised his hands to my face and kissed me so deeply my knees buckled. It lasted for what seemed forever, he had moved his hands down my body, pulling me in tight. I could feel his hardness against my stomach. Warmth spread throughout my body. 

I heard him open the door behind me; he broke free and led me by the hand outside. The wind had picked up, the rain still light but now steady, however the air was still warm. We walked over to the table; he picked me up and sat me on the edge. Slowly he slid down the straps of my dress over my shoulders and down my arms. Wrapping his arms around me he unzipped it from behind letting it fall to my waist leaving my skin free to feel the weather envelope me. 

The cool rain on my skin was invigorating. He stood back and just looked at me. Smiling as the rain fell on his skin he took a step closer to me again and ran his hands down the front of my body. Watching my body react to him he moved his hands back up to my full tits, caressing, teasing my erect nipples – my skin hummed. 

I leant forward and pulled his top off over his head and dropped it to the ground. I looked at him admiringly; he worked hard on his body and I was reaping the benefits. I moved my hands down to the fly of his jeans; I could see his cock straining against the fabric. I unbuttoned him and released his cock into my hands. I loved the feel of the soft skin, I was impatient to feel him in my mouth, but this would wait.

I rose to my feet, letting my dress fall to my ankles. I stood there on the table with my arms raised above my head; eyes closed feeling the weather rush around my naked body. I knew the neighbours had a good view of me but I didn't care – I felt free. I could hear him laugh, not at me, but just knowing how much I loved the rain and the wind. With my eyes still closed I knew he was enjoying watching me. 

Still taking pleasure in the rain I felt him move closer, his grabbed my arse as I felt his tongue run up the inside of my thigh. I placed my hands on his shoulders to stop myself from falling as my body was weakening under his touch. He spread my legs slightly as his tongue moved closer to my pussy. With his hands on my ankles, he started to lick me all over from my thighs to the bottom of my stomach. He kissed wherever he could reach without touching my hot centre. My nerves were screaming for him to touch me, satisfy me.

Then before I could stand it any longer he placed his hands on my hips and ran his tongue along the length of my pussy, I screamed out his name as pleasure raced through my body. He was caressing me with his tongue, playing with my clit, darting in & out of me. I was aching for him to fill me up. My body was weakening, losing control.

He continued his assault on my body changing the pressure from light to hard, using both his mouth and hands on my body. I was just about to cum when he suddenly stopped. He moved his face away from me and lifted me by the hips and placed me so I was sitting on the table. He leant in and kissed me hard on the mouth. We both were touching each others naked body, skin wet from the rain 

He lifted me from the table, and swapped places with me. I was now between his legs, my hands running over his muscular chest and torso, working my way down to his centre. He was hard, waiting in anticipation. I leant down and used my tongue to tease the head of his cock. His body jumped in response. I placed my hands on the top of his thighs, and took him into my mouth, using my teeth and tongue to drive him insane. 

His body tensed under my hands. I heard him moan, I loved the feeling of power this gave me. I moved my mouth and with the lightest touch of my tongue I licked the entire length of him. When I reached the top of his cock I circled the ridge with my tongue, occasionally biting, while my hand moved up and down his shaft. Before he lost complete control he gently pushed me away from him and once again we swapped places. 

He moved between my legs, took hold of my body and pulled me close to him. With a quick movement he entered me, filling me. The heat in my body rose rapidly, my need to feel him deep within me was overwhelming. Then for one brief moment we were still, the weather wrapping itself around us; the wind howling as the rain fell. I wrapped my legs tightly around him, pulling him in even deeper, my body trembled against his. He moved in and out of me, my body moving with his. We were as one, giving into our bodies desires. Heartbeats quickened, moans escaped from our lips, it was absolute bliss. Then with one hard thrust, our bodies climaxed together. Heat and passion released from our bodies in bliss. Then he kissed me under the rain as the intensity flowed from our bodies.