 "Okay, I have the beds set up for us in the spare room at the top of the steps. There is one bed for us and another bed for Tony," Jane said as she bound down the steps and planted a kiss on Jake. Jake's brother was finally moving out of the house so Jane and Jake agreed to help him move. In reality, Jane would have done anything if it meant getting to spend a long weekend with Jake, even if they did have to share a room with Tony. 

Jake lived 4 hours away, so their time together over the summer had been sparse to say the least. Jane wasn't sure how she was going to manage sleeping in the same bed as Jake for 2 nights and not getting to 'fool around'. Tony was a heavy sleeper, but neither of them really wanted to risk being caught. Especially Jane, it had been so long since they were 'together' she wasn't sure if she could keep the moans and screams in submission.

After 2 nights of sleeping in the same bed with Jake, his arms wrapped around her, spooning in their sleep, his cock pressed against her ass, it was all she could take. Jane could hear Jake upstairs getting out of the shower and decided to go upstairs and test out the strength of the water pressure in the shower to fix some of her sexual frustrations. She knocked lightly on the door as she entered. Much to her dismay Jake was already done and wrapped in a towel. She could not help but stare at his body with just a towel around his waste and water dripping down his chest. 

Jane loved Jake's body. His muscles weren't huge, but he was well defined with a great stomach and the sexiest treasure trail you have ever seen! She was always self-conscious of her own body. She had great tits and a nice ass, but always thought she was a little to plump in the middle. Jake told her relentlessly that he thought she was beautiful, but it never seemed to sink in.

"The shower is all yours babe! I think I saved you some hot water."

"Thanks, you could always join me. You know I have trouble washing my back sometimes."

"Yea, with my brother in the next room! He would love that!!" Jake planted a kiss on her forehead as he headed towards the door. Depressed and frustrated, Jane took off her clothes and started the tub water. The best thing about this house was the claw foot tub in the bathroom. As she bent over the edge of the tub to test the water temp, she felt a familiar hand reach between her thighs from behind. The movement startled her and she spun around to find Jake, naked and highly aroused, standing behind her smiling. "I watched you undress from the door and couldn't help myself. Still want company in the shower?"

"I thought that you didn't want to with Nate in the next room?"

"Well, we don't actually have to get in the shower. You could just leave the water running so they think you are showering." Jake stood back and hesitated for a moment. He looked so damn cute there was no way that Jane could resist. She walked over to him and gave him the most passionate kiss she could muster; she felt him getting harder between her legs, and felt herself moisten, too. Jake's hands ran down her body, over every curve that Jane was afraid to let him see. It didn't matter to her though, when she was with Jake she felt like the most beautiful person in the world. And this morning, that beautiful person was also very horny! 

Jane let a small sigh escape her lips as Jake reached down to her ass. He cupped a cheek in each hand and gave them a hard squeeze. Jane's head tilted back and she closed her eyes. He took this opportunity to bend down and suck on here right tit. Jake picked on Jane all the time saying that he could get her off just from sucking on her nipples. He was probably right. Jake had this special way of doing it where he sucked just hard enough, but drug his teeth over her nipple at the end. There was just enough pain to make it hurt and feel wonderful at the same time. 

By this time the juices were flowing like water from between Jane's legs. Jake must have sensed this because he reached a hand down between her thighs and cupped her pussy in his hand. Feeling the abundance of moisture, Jake looked up at her and smiled. While still playing exquisite attention to her nipples, Jake gave her the best finger fucking of her life. He used 2 fingers to thrust in and out of her with all of his might, while his thumb found its way to her clit. It had been so long since her last orgasm, with another person involved anyway, that it didn't take Jane long to climax. She thought her knees were going to give out when she was riding out the wave. 

After she calmed down a little, Jake walked over and sat on the edge of the tub. He grabbed Jane's hand and led her over to sit on his lap. She put a leg on either side of Jake and sat down facing him. They cuddled for a few more minutes while Jane recovered from her first orgasm. Before she knew it, he was finger fucking her again. This time he was rocking her back and forth letting him hit just the right spots inside. Jake knew these spots well, he could read Jane's body like an open book. As Jane sat back to enjoy this rhythm Jake started sucking on her tits again. She let her hand wander till she felt that hard member rising up between her legs. Jane began stroking it and playing with the head, using the drops of pre-cum to moisten the tip. She wanted to taste him so bad, but she had a feeling that Jake had other things in mind. Surprisingly, Jane felt like she was going to climax again already. 

"I am going to cum again." She whispered hotly in his ear. Jake wrapped an arm around her back to support her and sped up the pace. Jane knew that she wasn't going to be able to keep this one quiet. To keep from screaming she buried a head in Jake's shoulder. She could feel that familiar tingle rising up from her toes. "Oh fuck! Here it comes!" Just as her body started to shudder Jake surprised her by lifting her up a little and thrusting his big cock into her pussy. This sent Jane over the edge. She was cumming harder now than she ever has in her life. The feeling of his cock in her was more that she could handle. She orgasmed over and over again, squeezing his cock with her muscles every time. 

Just as Jane finished Jake stood her up. She looked at him, his cock glistening with her juices all over it. He slowly turned her around towards the shower. Jake ran a hand up her back and slowly bent her over. Jane took a good hold on the edge of the tub because she had a feeling she was in for a hard ride. Jake pressed up behind her. As she looked between her legs Jane could see the head of Jake's cock peeping out through the short hair of her pussy. It was the most erotic sight she had ever seen. 

Sure enough, Jake thrust hard into her waiting pussy. He took a firm hold on each of her ass cheeks to move Jane better. They quickly found their pace and Jake pounded the hell out of Jane's hole. She thought at one point it was going to come through her belly button! At this rate Jane knew that Jake wouldn't last long. This was the first time that she thought about the fact that he wasn't wearing a condom. Normally this was a big issue for her. At this point though she didn't care. After about three more thrusts Jake quickly pulled out and walked in front of her, forcing his cock in her face. Jane knew her duty and she did it well. She sucked that cock for all it was worth. Jane loved the way Jake tasted. Especially with her own juices mixed with his. After a few seconds she could see his balls pull up and knew he was about to shoot his load. Jane grabbed his ass and pulled him in closer so she could take him all in her mouth. Soon, ribbon after ribbon of delicious cum was shooting down her throat. She diligently swallowed every drop of it.

Jake pulled Jane's head up even with his and kissed her long and hard. "So, did you have a good weekend babe?" All she could do was nod her head. Since the water had been running for so long, she knew that she would have to take a cold shower, but after all that, she needed one!