 My step-dad insisted that if I stayed with him and mom for the summer that I had to get a job, but I knew it was my last chance... my absolutely last chance to have a free-from-responsibilities summer before I finished my bachelor's degree and went to medical school. As a compromise, my parents agreed to let me take a summer class or two at a regional campus of the university I attended and, not incidentally, stay with my dad for the summer. He, at least, didn't mind my pursuit of hedonism all summer.

Of course at the beginning of the summer my definition of 'hedonism' was pretty tame. I intended to stay up late watching Science Fiction movies or reading Stephen King novels, sleep until noon, eat waffles for lunch, swim all afternoon in our backyard pool, eat fast-food for dinner, take an evening class or two, and do it all over again the next day. I know, I know, I am a real rebel.

I arrived at dad's late on Saturday afternoon and pulled my Mustang convertible into the driveway next to dad's Triumph TR6. My black hair was a mess from the wind tugging it out of my ponytail so I took a minute to try to tidy myself before getting out of my car and going to my dad. I found him talking to the neighbor over the low shrubs that marked the border between their properties. I popped the trunk to get my duffle bag, but my dad called me over to him.

"Hey, kiddo. How was the drive?" my dad asked.

"The best kind: uneventful," I said, grinning. "I may have barely avoided some speeding tickets. You know I can't resist driving fast with the wind in my hair!" I laughed, running my hand through my dark hair again trying to smooth it down.

"You get a ticket, you pay for it!" he said, his hands on my shoulders. I smiled into his eyes, the same intense pale blue as my own, before he pulled me into a big bear hug.

"I know, I know." I said, hugging him back just as fiercely.

"I want you to meet our new neighbor," dad said, turning my attention to the man he'd been talking to.

I couldn't hide a gulp at my first close-up view of the man who stood behind a push-mower. He had to be at least 6'4" and was built like an olympic swimmer: long arms, big hands, powerful chest tapering into narrow hips. His light brown hair was thick and curly, plastered against his neck by sweat. He smiled at me and I blushed.

"Scott, this is my daughter Eileen," my dad introduced him. "Eileen, this is Scott Rivers, our new neighbor."

"A pleasure to meet you, Eileen," Scott said, his voice a deep baritone, before he wiped his right palm on his shorts and held his hand out for me to shake. Our hands touched and I felt lightning fly up my shoulder in response. "I've heard so much about you. I'm sure you know your dad likes to brag."

"Nice to meet you, neighbor," I said, grinning and blushing like a schoolgirl. "Dad does like to talk about me. Please assume everything he said was an exaggeration."

I blushed even more when he pulled up the front of his t-shirt to wipe the sweat off his face, revealing a stomach rippling with muscles and a narrow strip of brown hair disappearing into the waistband of his shorts. His dark blue eyes danced with mischief when he noticed me noticing.

"He definitely didn't talk enough about your beauty," Scott said so low that I'm not sure whether he meant for me to hear.

"Your dad said you are visiting for the whole summer?" Scott asked me in a more conversational tone after glancing at my dad.

"Yeah. I'm taking a couple of elective classes on campus here. It'll let me reduce my course load during my last two semesters on main campus before graduation."

"That sounds like an excellent idea," he responded, grinning and giving me a view of a dimple in his cheek.

"We should let you get back to your mowing," my dad cut in. "I'm sure Eileen is hungry and tired after her drive."

"That I am," I agreed. "See you around, Scott."

"I sure hope so," he grinned in response.

"Thanks for the pointers on the lawn service, Brian," he said to my dad. "I'll look into it."

Dad just waved him off and headed toward the trunk of my car to grab my bags for me.

***

Dad took me to our favorite restaurant for dinner so I could have a nice rare filet mignon and baked potato for dinner.

"So when did the Millers move out," I asked as nonchalantly as possible over our salad course.

"Just a few months after Todd graduated from college, actually," he told me. "As soon as the last of their boys was out on his own they decided to downsize."

"And does Scott have a family, then?" I asked. "That house is pretty big for one person."

"It's just him, so far as I know. I've seen several different ladies with him over the months since he moved in.

"He said he bought the house because he wanted the space for a recording studio."

"Down in the basement?"

"Yeah. You remember that space that Todd and his brothers put together for their YouTube videos? Scott's converted that area into a place to record music."

"Huh. That's actually pretty neat.

"What does Scott do? Do you know?"

"Oh, he works over at Spring Water Sound."

"So he's really into music, I guess."

"I guess so," dad agreed.

"Do I need to go over the rules again since you're here, kiddo," dad asked, changing the subject, but not really changing the subject.

"Rules," I said, raising my eyebrows in mock disbelief. "What are these 'rules' you speak of?"

"No men in the house unless you introduce me to them first remains rule number one."

"Seriously, daddy? I'm 21-years-old."

"Yes. A beautiful 21-year-old woman who will introduce me to any man she intends to fuck under my roof."

I squinted my eyes at him and pursed my lips, but nodded my agreement.

"I don't have any intention of... doing that... with anyone while I'm here this summer," I informed him.

"Your intentions may change," he said, his eyes laughing but his tone serious.

"Do you know your class schedule?"

"I am taking 'Fantasy and Science Fiction Literature' and 'Music Appreciation'."

"Those are a far cry from biochemistry."

"Well, yeah. Which is why I'd never be able to take them during my normal school semester. I don't have time for doing the reading or going to concerts while taking my normal course load."

"When are your classes, then?"

"The English class is 7-8:20pm on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. The music class is 7-9pm Tuesday and Thursday, but we will also be expected to go to live music events on occasion, usually on the weekends, but not always."

"That sounds like a perfect way to spend the summer."

"Yep. My last summer as not-quite-an-adult. I'm so glad you're letting me take the time to do this. Dan wanted me working."

"Yeah, well I think you deserve the break before you have to hunker down in medical school."

"I appreciate that, daddy."

"Mi casa es su casa, my dear. Your old room is just how you left it last time you were here but with clean sheets. I stocked up on your favorite foods, too. There are a bunch of those toaster waffles in the deep freeze. And I got you those pancake-wrapped sausages you like so well.

"I also got your bicycle a tune-up so you can ride to campus. You should probably get yourself a new helmet, though."

"Perfect!" I giggled. Dad had really gone out of his way to make me feel welcome.

***

The next morning I woke up to the sun shining through the sheer curtains on my bedroom window. My second-floor room was in the back of the house on the northeast corner where I had a great view out one window of our backyard, including the pool and patio where my dad liked to grill out. My side window just looked out onto the neighbor's... I mean Scott's house. I had noticed when I was getting ready for bed the night before that the curtains were drawn closed on the window nearest my room, as they always were ever since Todd went off to college. This morning they seem to be opened slightly. I could also see over our privacy fence into the Miller's... I mean Scott's backyard. It was well-kept but mostly barren. The ancient swing set which had occupied the corner of the yard for as long as I could remember had been removed and replaced with a paver patio and a firepit. The rest of the yard was just grass, the old flower beds growing nothing but piles of mulch.

I planned to spend as much of my day as possible next to the pool, but I needed to do a little bit of shopping first. I needed to buy myself a new bicycle helmet as per dad's suggestion and I thought I'd splurge on a new bikini. I'd the feeling that the new neighbor might be appreciative. Dad and I had breakfast together before he went to play golf with his buddies. He told me he wouldn't be back until dinner time so I should consider myself on my own for the day.

I hopped in my car and made a stop at a bicycle shop for a helmet, then a department store for a new bikini. I actually bought two, one was a metallic blue bandeau with a thong bottom, the other a slightly more modest unlined sting bikini in white. I was pretty confident that the white one would leave very little to the imagination when wet.

I also bought coffee beans at a local roaster since I knew my dad only drank Folgers. I needed a low acid coffee or I'd have an upset stomach all summer.

When I got home I made myself a bit to eat for lunch and then went up to my bedroom to change into the blue bikini. I knew dad wouldn't approve, but I was sure I'd be back to my room and changed into regular clothes before he got home. I looked out the side window that faced Scott's house and noticed that the curtain in the room facing mine was pulled aside even further than it had been earlier. I cocked my head to one side and wondered about it. That room had belonged to my friend Todd before he went to college. I wondered what Scott used it for. He'd definitely been in the room since the morning, though. The curtains had been completely closed.

I went back to the kitchen in my bikini, sunglasses on my head, a beach towel hanging over one arm, a bottle of sunscreen and my phone clutched in one hand and a tall plastic tumbler of iced tea in the other. I went out through the sliding door and over to a lounger in the hot sun on the west end of the pool, there I sat my stuff down and then dived right into the water. The pool was nowhere near Olympic sized, but it was long enough to get a good workout in by doing a lot of laps. I swam for perhaps a half hour before getting out, drying off, and laying down.

I slathered sunscreen on my legs, stomach, chest, arms, and face before settling in to read a book on my phone. It was less than a half hour later when I happened to glance up at Todd's old room only to see Scott staring at me from the window. When I looked up, I saw him back up deeper into the room, clearly trying not to be seen.

I couldn't help grinning to myself as I turned over to get more sun. I poured sunblock into my hands and rubbed it into my shoulders then slowly reached down to start rubbing it onto my bare ass below the waistband of my thong. I had only just started sensually rubbing myself when I heard the gate between our yard and Scott's open and close then footsteps on the pool decking coming closer.

"Need any help," Scott growled.

"I would love some," I purred.

He picked up the bottle of sunblock and I reached behind my back and unfastened my bikini top to expose my entire back. He started at my shoulders and massaged the lotion into my skin with strong, confident strokes.

"Please explain why you are even out in the sun if you are just going to put SPF 50 all over," he asked as he worked.

"Have you seen me," I responded with a low chuckle. "I'm nearly transparent. Don't let the dark hair fool you. I don't tan. Without the sunblock I'd have to stay in my crypt during the day or risk turning into a pile of ash."

"I like you," I heard him laugh as his hands moved down and brushed the sides of my breasts causing me to moan softly.

"You're funny and gorgeous," he murmured while his hands moved down to my legs, rubbing the lotion into my ass in slow circles, pulling my cheeks apart. I was sure he could see how wet I was getting from his touch.

"I am also a genius, a snappy dresser, and make a mean taco salad," I teased and then gasped aloud as Scott's circling fingers dipped into my wetness and drew it down to my already-engorged clit, giving it a firm rub.

"Oh God!" I cried out, my hips twitching towards his fingers.

"You like that, baby?"

"Fuck, yes," I grunted.

I turned my head so that I could see Scott kneeling next to me while he continued to stroke me with his fingers. He was bare chested and wearing gray boardshorts low on his hips, his erection tenting out the front. I reached out my hand and dragged my fingernails down his happy trail and then over his shorts to stroke his cock. I sucked in some air in surprise while I measured him with my hand; I knew I'd have no complaints about his size.

I tugged on his shorts in an effort to free his cock so I could touch him, but I didn't have the leverage in my prone position. He released my ass and clit, untied his shorts, and pushed them down past his hips, causing his erection to bounce free. He made a low noise in the back of his throat as I reached for him, running the pad of my thumb over the purple head of his member, smearing his precum down the shaft with my palm.

He reached his right hand back down between my cheeks, his forearm between my thighs, and thrust a finger inside me while he strummed my clit with his thumb. I rocked my hips against his hand while I used my left hand to stroke his cock to his rhythm, rotating my wrist with each down stroke. He plucked and rubbed my left breast with his left hand and then added another finger of his right hand to his thrusts. It wasn't long before I was lost in the sensations he was giving me.

"Come on, Eileen," he grunted. "Come on my hand."

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," I moaned. "Don't stop! Fuck!" I shouted as my orgasm ripped through me, my body arching as all my muscles seemed to clench.

He drew his hand away, soaked with my juices, and wrapped his hand next to mine while I continued to pump his cock with my fist. He stroked himself harder and faster, forcing my hand to move the same.

"I'm gonna cum on your ass, gorgeous girl," he moaned through his clenched jaw just before he erupted all over my side, back, and ass.

We both needed a few minutes to catch our breath and gather ourselves.

"You've made a sticky mess of me," I said eventually, letting go of his softening cock.

"Mmmm," he hummed, then grinned. "I wonder if my cum is a better sunscreen than your SPF 50?"

"Doubtful," I giggled, turning onto my side to sit up. I watched his eyes widen and his lips quirk when he got his first unobstructed view of my bare tits.

"Fuck, girl," he said. "I really want to fuck those tits."

Before I could respond to that my phone started playing the opening piano of "Winter" by Tori Amos.

"That's my dad," I said. "I have to answer it."

I answered the phone and put it to my ear, crossing my arms across my chest, suddenly self-conscious at being naked in front of Scott.

"Hey, daddy! What's up?"

...

"Just sitting by the pool, reading," I grinned up at Scott, he returned my smile.

...

"Of course. SPF 50. I learned my lesson a long time ago."

...

"At Tucker's?" I asked, starting together my stuff with my free hand.

...

"I have to get dressed, but I can probably be there in less than 45 minutes."

...

"Sure. I'll be there."

...

"No, I won't promise to not nag you about the electrical system in that car."

...

"See you in a bit. Love you."

As I spoke, Scott pulled his boardshorts back up to his hips and tucked himself away then offered me a hand to help me stand.

"Sorry to cut things short," I told him, draping my towel and my bikini top over my arm. "I have to go pick up daddy at his mechanic. His car is cute, but it has the original wiring and it lets him down all the time."

"I saw him tinkering under the hood last weekend," Scott replied, grabbing my empty tea container and bottle of sunblock..

"Bonnet," I corrected him absently.

"What?"

"It's a British car so it's a 'bonnet' not a 'hood'."

"Yes, ma'am," he smirked, following me through the sliding door and into the kitchen.

We dropped everything on the island in the center of the kitchen and Scott pressed me up against the counter with his body. He turned me around to face him and put his hand on my neck, pressing my chin up with his thumb in order to tilt my head back. He leaned in and we shared a passionate kiss while he slid his hands up to cup my bare breasts and pinch my nipples.

"I'm sorry," I moaned. "I need to clean your cum off and get dressed."

"It's okay, gorgeous girl," he said. "It's early in the summer; we have plenty of time."

He kissed me hard again, sliding our tongues along each other then biting my lip between his teeth until I moaned into his mouth.

"Fuck, baby," he said. "I can't wait to eat your pussy and fuck your brains out all summer long.

"You on the pill?"

"I'm a 21-year-old female college student; of course I'm on the pill."

"Excellent," he smiled, showing his teeth. "You clean, too? I am."

"Yes. But we will discuss this more later," I said, putting my hands on his chest to push him away. "I really need to get cleaned up and go or dad will start getting curious."

Scott backed up a step or two, but continued to grin at me. He grabbed my cell phone off the counter and held it out to me to unlock it.

"I sent myself a text," he said after working the screen. "Text you later, Eileen?"

"Maybe. Probably."

***

Dad and I ended up going out to dinner, again, after we spent over an hour at Tucker's discussing what could be done about his Triumph's neverending electrical problems. This time we went to the American Legion post where he's a member for some sandwiches and drinks. He had a pitcher of beer, I had an amaretto sour. He chatted with his friends, mostly bragging about me, as he does.

"I was thinking about having a cookout tomorrow," dad said. "Invite Izzy and her family. You haven't seen the boys since... when?"

"Gosh. Not since Christmas. They didn't come to Easter at mom's this year since they went to Ike's family's. I sent the boys present on their birthdays.

"I'd love to see them."

Dad dialed my sister on his cellphone and invited her over for lunch the next day. She was glad to accept, especially since she was working a late shift as a nurse on Sunday night.

After dinner we went to the grocery and bought supplies. Dad got burgers and hotdogs, buns, potato and pasta salad, coleslaw, and chips. I got a variety of pop, including my favorite: Faygo Redpop. It's terrible junk but I just can't help myself.

We got home and stuffed the food for Sunday dinner into the fridge in the kitchen and I put the pop in the fridge in the basement. Dad suggested we go for a swim. It was late, but the sun had not quite set yet. I ran up to change into the modest one-piece suit I'd packed and met him down by the pool deck and jumped in.

"So, daddy," I said, treading water under the diving board, knowing I was touching on a sore subject. "Are you planning to sell this house any time soon?"

"Awe, Eileen. Why'd you have to go and ask that?"

"Because the Miller's sold. Because this house has been too big for you for over ten years. Because..."

"All right, all right," he said, holding out his hands in surrender. "But I love this house. This is the house we brought you and your sister both home from the hospital. You learned to ride your bike in front of this house. You learned to swim ..."

"I know. I love this house, too. But maybe it's time to give it up for some other family to love. Another baby to be brought home to it. Another kid to learn to swim."
