 “Enjoy your summer, girls!” Sarah Stevens said as her last class of the day, and for the year, happily left the gymnasium.

It was the final day of school at Westville High School, and the school’s girls’ gym teacher, Sarah Stevens retreated back to her office beside the gymnasium. She collapsed into the chair at her desk, closing the grade book with a sigh of relief. “Finally! My first year of teaching, over!”. She was looking forward to a relaxing summer off.

Sarah had just been hired at Westville High last summer, to take over the position as the girls’ Physical Education teacher. The truth is, she felt slightly unprepared, having just barely graduating college with marginal grades herself. But the school year was over now and she had nothing but a long break to look forward to!

She got up from her desk and walked to the locker in her office. She opened the creaky locker and took the whistle off from around her neck, and placed it inside on the hook. As she reached inside, she caught a glimpse of herself in the full-length mirror on the other wall in her office.

Sarah Stevens was very attractive, not only because she was the school’s youngest teacher at 25. She was 5’7” and had long blonde hair, which was usually tied back in a pony tail. Her body was very athletic, from working out regularly, which kept her legs and abs tone. Her body was proportioned excellently, with a ripe, full, firm ass, and voluptuously large breasts. In fact, her boobs were probably her best feature, having been exceptionally large ever since she hit puberty. Under her shirt, her 36DD’s were usually clad in a tight sports bra, because of her active job, and also because she didn’t want to flaunt her cleavage at work.

Sarah reached for her windbreaker jacket in her locker, fully intending on leaving for the day, when her office phone rang. She paced back to her desk and picked up the phone, hoping it wasn’t a notice from the office that there would be an after-school faculty meeting. She really wanted to get out of there!

“Hello?” She said as she picked up the phone.

“Sarah,” The voice on the other line said. It was the secretary at the principal’s office. “Will you come down to the office before you leave for the day, Principal Harry wants to meet with you.”

It was more of an order, rather than a question, but Sarah agreed and hung the phone up. She sighed and slammed the door of her locker shut, closed the door of her office, locked it, and headed down toward the principal’s office. Hopefully it was just an end-of-the-year wrap up meeting that wouldn’t take very long.

Sarah arrived at the main office and the secretary motioned for her to go right into the principal’s office, right in the back, adjoining the room.

The school principal, Jack Harry forced a smile as Sarah walked into his office. Sarah never really liked the man; He was an old, overweight asshole who liked to boss everyone around.

“Have a seat.” The Principal said, motioning to the chairs across from his desk.

“What’s going on? I’m not getting fired, am I?” Sarah asked as she took a seat.

Principal Harry laughed hoarsely and shook his head at the question. “No, no, not at all! In fact, I have some good news for you!” He said, rubbing his hands (something she noted was a nervous habit of his).

“Why do I have a feeling that this good news isn’t really that good?” She asked sarcastically.

“Well, its all how you look at it, of course.” Harry started. “With Victoria Brown’s resignation last week, we are in need of a math summer school teacher.”

“Oh no.” Sarah shook her head. “I can’t!” She protested.

Harry sighed and rubbed his hands unconsciously. “Well I’m afraid you have to. We don’t have anyone else to fill the slot. Everyone else refused, and well, you’re the newest faculty member, so by the terms of your employment, you have to take this job.”

“But I don’t know anything about math! I’m a gym teacher! I barely even passed algebra in college, myself! Please, Jack!” She pleaded desperately.

“Don’t worry! It’ll be cake, I promise! Its only a 5 week course, and the students you’ll be having are seniors. If they don’t pass this, they don’t graduate, so you’ll barely need to keep them in line.” Principal Jack Harry explained.

“Oh my God, I’m sorry. But I can’t do this, Jack.” Sarah stated firmly.

“Well, I’m afraid you have to, Sarah. If you don’t, I’m going to have to terminate your employment.” Harry replied, just as firmly.

She sighed in frustration.

“Oh and one more thing.” He went on, “I don’t have to remind you, you’re still under your one-year probationary hiring period. So if these students don’t pass, you don’t have a job next year either. Have a nice day.”

What an asshole! She screamed in her head as she stormed out of the office. She just wanted to howl in frustration! How on earth is she going to teach math to a bunch of flunked out delinquents!?

* * * * * * *

[ Three weeks later… ]

Sarah sat at the front of the classroom as she looked over the results of her students’ first week’s quiz. She resorted to grading the quizzes by checking the answers in her faculty edition of the textbook, since the material was a bit tough for her as well.

She had a little trouble the first few days getting used to dressing like a real teacher for work, since she didn’t have much in the way of professional clothes. She had on a pair of heels, a knee length skirt, and one of her more conservative blouses. However, the blouse was very tight, which clung to her thin waist and stretched around her bulging tits. The top of her shirt was unbuttoned, since she hated the feel of a tight collar, and so she inadvertently showed some of her bulging cleavage at the low neckline.

It was obvious that her students were far worse at algebra than she was. Looking through the quizzes, she looked at each paper again, amazed. Two F’s, and one D-. The truth was, she only had three students in her class. She looked up at them, sitting in their desks across from her.

There was Johnny Lowe, the jock who had spent all senior year goofing off, and playing sports, when she should have been studying. Now he faced the possibility of having to repeat senior year if he didn’t pass summer class.

Then there was also Luke Watson, who the students nicknamed ‘Luke the Spook’, because he kept to himself and dressed like a goth, wearing all black. He didn’t have many friends, and Sarah figured he was probably into drugs or something and that’s why his grades sucked.

Finally there was Frank Livingston, who looked like the biggest nerd she’d ever seen. He was a scrawny kid with thick rimmed glasses a face full of pimples. She figured him being here had to have been some kind of mistake at the Main office, but after seeing his D- on the first test, she didn’t doubt it.

All three of these 18 year old boys faced the possibility of repeating senior year if they didn’t pass the final exam in 4 weeks, and Sarah herself faced getting fired of she couldn’t teach them the material!

“Frank, I just don’t get it,” She started to say in frustration, “You’re a nerd, how do you manage to be so bad at math?”

Frank snorted and crossed his arms, “English is my subject. Some day I’m going to be an award winning poet! I have no need for math. And I’m not a nerd!”

“Hey shut up, ya nerd!” Johnny yelled at him across the room as he threw a pencil, hitting Frank square in the head.

“Stop it, all of you!” Sarah shouted. She was desperate with frustration. “I don’t know what we’re going to do. Don’t you guys care if you end up failing this summer? It means you have to repeat your senior year!”

The boys exchanged discouraging looks at each other and nodded.

“Its not that we don’t want to pass, Miss Stevens.” Johnny said. “I know for me at least… I just have trouble studying. I find it hard to concentrate, ya know?”

“Yeah, me too.” Luke agreed.

“That’s my problem too.” Frank chimed in as well. “Well, that and I hate math.”

“Ok, so we need to find some way to help you guys concentrate while you study for next week’s quiz.” Sarah said, standing up so she could walk around to the front of her desk, sitting against it as she looked at her students, and thinking to herself. “What if I plan some kind of reward for you, like a field trip or something, if you pass next week’s quiz? Would that help you keep the motivation to buckle down and study?”

“A field trip?” Frank, the nerd asked.

“Gee, I don’t really know, Miss Stevens.” Johnny spoke. “You know, to be real honest, there is something that I think we’d all like that would definitely motivate us to study real hard.”

“Oh, what is it?” Their teacher asked.

“Well, speaking for myself at least, I know I’ve been dying to see those big knockers of yours. How about this for a deal? If you show your tits to us, we’ll study as hard as we possibly can and pass the test next week!” Johnny suggested.

“Oh yes, I like that idea!” Frank nodded his head up and down quickly.

Luke just grinned and nodded as well.

“No way!” Sarah exclaimed. “That’s ridiculous, there’s no way I would do that! Shame on you, Jonathon!”

“Fine then,” Johnny continued. “I guess next week we’re all going to end up failing another quiz, and we’ll probably end up failing summer school too. Boy, I wish you could have helped, Miss Stevens.”

Sarah sighed deeply. If the students failed, she would lose her job. Then what? She was really stuck. Well, this might not be such a bad thing, afterall., She told herself. If I do this, and they pass, its not like I will ever have to see them again; They will have graduated, and won’t be around to spread any rumors.

“Ok, tell you what.” Sarah suggested. “I’ll let you peek at my boobs quickly, BUT… not until next week, and not until after you have all passed your quiz for that week. That’s my deal.”

“It’s a deal!” All three of the boys said at once.

* * * * * * *

[ The next week…. ]

Sarah looked up at the clock on the wall as the minutes ticked by, slowly counting down the remaining time her students had to finish their quizzes. Johnny, Luke and Frank all worked diligently, although struggling slightly.

The clocked ticked its final minute and Sarah stood up from her desk. “Time’s up!” she said as she went around, collecting the papers.

She took the quizzes back to her desk and sat down. “Ok, see you guys on Monday, I’ll have the quizzes graded then.”

“What?” Luke asked. “I thought we were going to get to see your tits today.”

“Yeah, that wasn’t the deal!” Johnny exclaimed.

“Oh fine, I’ll grade them now.” Sarah said, gulping nervously after she said it.

Her heart pounded as she graded each quiz. She didn’t even know if she wanted them to fail or not. If they did pass, she would have to show them her breasts, but if they didn’t, she would eventually lose her job.

Sarah placed her pen down on the desk and stood at the front of the classroom when she finished grading the desks.

“Well I’m afraid I have some bad news.” She started.

The boys looked at her in shock and disappointment.

“I was hoping this wouldn’t happen… But it looks like you all passed, and I’m going to have to live up to my word now.” She stated.

“Yes!!!” They all shouted in unison. “Show your tits! Show your tits!” They chanted.

Sarah reluctantly unbuttoned her blouse all the way and slid it off her shoulders. Underneath, her large globes were clad in a white lace bra, which hugged her busom snugly. She reached behind herself and unfastened the bra, letting it fall down her arms, and then placed it on the desk.

Johnny, Luke and Frank all gasped as her huge breasts came into view. Their teacher’s tits were more than they hoped they would be. The huge melons were surprisingly perky, despite their size, and she had big suckable nipples that were getting harder by the second.

Sarah grabbed her bra and put it back up against her chest, covering her tits. “Ok, done.”

“Nooo! That’s not fair! We studied really hard! You have to really show us, Miss Stevens. More than just a couple seconds. And squeeze them a little!” Johnny demanded.

“Alright, fine.” Sarah gave in.

She let the bra fall from her chest again, letting her massive tits come back into plain view of her student’s eyes. She cupped her breasts in her hands, holding them up, and squeezed them together slightly.

“Oh man, my penis is hard.” Frank muttered as he stared at his voluptuous, topless teacher standing before him.

Sarah walked closer to the boys, holding her big melons in her hands as she squeezed them in front of each of her students, one by one. She pinched each of her nipples between her thumb and forefinger while her hands held them.

“Do you guys like my tits?” She asked playfully.

“Oh shit yeah.” Came Johnny’s voice.

She looked over at Johnny as she heard him speak, and her jaw dropped as she noticed he had unzipped his pants and was stroking his fully hard cock.

“Jonathon! Stop!” She yelped, as she started to put her blouse back on. “You can’t do that!”

“Oh, um, sorry.” Johnny said, trying to stuff his stiff rod back in his pants.

Sarah buttoned up her blouse, forgetting to put her bra back on in all the haste.

“Well you have your reward, and you passed the quiz this week, so congratulations. We only have 3 weeks left of class. That means two more quizzes, then the final exam, and you boys are now on the right track.” Sarah said, trying to regain dignity in her best teacher’s voice.

“What about our reward for next week?” Johnny asked, still struggling to fit his erect cock back in his pants.

Sarah froze. She hadn’t even thought about that.

“Reward for next week? Well um… you don’t need one each week” She explained.

“Yes we do.” Luke protested.

“Yeah, what’s supposed to motivate us to study this week?” Frank asked.

“Uhh, how about the possibility of failing?” Sarah said sarcastically.

“Yeah, but as you can see, in the past that hasn’t worked very well for us. We’re living proof of that.” Johnny added in.

“Alright,” Sarah reluctantly spelled out the terms of the reward, “Next week if you guys pass your quiz, and I do mean if and only if…… I’ll let each of you suck on my tits.”

“YES!!” The three boys shouted and exchanged high fives.

“Wait,” Johnny started, “Do we get to jerk off while we suck on them?” He was quite serious.

Sarah tapped her chin as she thought about the proposition. “Ok… you’ll be allowed to umm.... masturbate… only if you get a B+ or better on the quiz.”

“Ok, see you next week, Miss Stevens!” Johnny said as he left.

“Bye teach!” Frank said, as he walked out right behind.

“Later.” Luke added as he too left.

Sarah sat at her desk for a moment, considering everything in her head that she just did, and agreed too. Finally after a few moments she picked up her bra and headed out the door as well.

She closed the classroom door behind her and turned to walk down the hallway when she bumped squarely into Principal Harry. She felt her breasts squash into his chest for a moment while they collided. Sarah quickly stepped back.

“Oh hello there, Sarah. I was just coming down to check on how things are going for you and your class.” The principal said.

Sarah blushed deeply, since her blouse was unbuttoned quite far, exposing the deep valley between her braless tits. Her big nipples were poking through the fabric of her shirt like there was nothing there. She clutched her bra in her left hand tightly, trying to hide it behind her back.

“Oh hello there, Jack.. uhh, Principal Harry.” She said nervously. “Yep, everything’s fine here!”

“Yes, I hope so. I’d hate to see those students repeat, and most of all, I’d hate to lose a good faculty member like yourself. Someone so… excited… about her job.”

“No problem, Principal Harry!” Sarah said as she ran off, not even caring if he had more to say. “What an asshole!” She said to herself as she ran to her car.

* * * * * * *

[ The following week…. ]

Sarah came to work that day not even bothering to dress up, just in case her students passed and she’d have to shed her clothing again. She wore her typical gym outfit: a pair of polyester running pants, and a little sport tshirt, which clung to her body tightly. She didn’t even bother with the sports bra today, hoping things would go more quickly, and therefore smoothly.

As she administered the quiz, her big nipples were poking through the fabric of her shirt as she thought about what events might unfold in just a few moments.

Johnny, Frank and Luke all worked very hard on their test, but it was obvious that they were all struggling.

“Time’s up, pencils down.” She said after the clocked ticked down to the final minute remaining for their quiz.

Sarah walked around, collecting all the papers, then sat down at her desk and started grading them.

Johnny was at his desk, praying aloud that he passed. The two other boys had their fingers crossed and were waiting anxiously for the results.

Sarah finished the grading and set her pen down on the desk. The boys were staring at her as she came around to the front of her desk.

“Well, Luke and Frank, you both got A-‘s, congratulations. Johnny, you got a C+.” Sarah explained.

“Ah shit, that means I can’t jerk off?” Johnny asked.

“Yes that’s right. You get to suck my breasts, but you can’t touch yourself. That’s the deal we made.” Sarah told him.

“Fine.” Johnny agreed.

The three students watched as their teacher grabbed the bottom of her tshirt and pulled it up. The shirt itself was tight, and she had difficulty pulling it up over the bulge of her tits, but eventually she got it off, and her massive jugs popped out free. The boys all licked their lips in anticipation.

“Ok first we’ll start with Jonathon. Come up here and suck your reward.” Sarah told him, as she sat up on the edge of her desk.

Sarah opened her thighs, allowing her student to get as close to her as possible as she was propped up at the edge of her desk. Johnny stood between her thighs, and cupped her big melons in his hands.

“Ohhh my God, yes.” her student muttered.

Johnny leaned down and brought his lips to his teacher’s right nipple. Sarah arched her back as she felt Johnny’s mouth against her chest, pushing her tits out further for him. Johnny wrapped his lips around her nipple and started nursing it.

Sarah felt her heart beating quickly, nervous about the whole deal, hoping that the principal wouldn’t walk in on them like he almost had last time. She leaned back on the desk, placing her hands behind her, as Johnny sucked on her right nipple, slurping like a hungry little baby.

Frank and Luke both had their cocks out now, stroking them up and down while they watched their classmate dine on their busty teacher’s tits.

Johnny switched to her other nipple, sucking that into his mouth now, slurping just as hungrily as he sucked on the other one. Sarah couldn’t help but moan a little; it did feel really good!

Sarah looked up at the clock and saw that she had been letting Johnny go at her tits for about five minutes now; that was way longer than she had planned!


“Ok stop! Time up!” She yelped, moving back a little, making her nipple pop out of Johnny’s mouth. “Your turn is up Jonathon, its now time for Luke.”

Johnny reluctantly stepped back, then asked. “Well, do I get to at least jerk off while I watch?”

“No!” Sarah exclaimed. “A deal is a deal.”

“Fine, I’m leaving then! Bye!” Johnny said as he walked out of the classroom.

Luke wasted no time in taking his place between Sarah’s thighs. His pants were undone, and his stiff cock was sticking straight out, already dripping with precum.

Sarah cupped her bulging tits in her hands, holding them up, squeezed them slightly, and rubbed them together in front of Luke’s face.
