 My summer was coming to a close, and it slowly sank in everyday. I had a few weeks left along the beach before I went back to my boring life in the city. I had done a considerable amount of writing this season and my publisher was quite happy with my accomplished texts. The end of the summer creeping up on me, I had had plenty of distractions to keep my mind off of Paul, but there were a few nights when I woke up in a sweat, tangled in my sheets and throbbing between my legs so bad I wanted to call and beg him to fuck me again. His muscled, tattooed arms holding mine down, pinning me to the bed as he spread my legs apart with his so he could slide his hard cock inside my quivering pussy, fucking me and reminding both of us just whose dirty whore I was. Grr! I growled to myself when I awoke that morning, panties damp again. I couldn't call him. Our relationship was on his terms, no feelings, and I would respect that. I have been emailing him some naughty pictures every other day though, hoping he would be back soon.

 Today was a lazy day so I decided a nice, relaxing afternoon on the beach soaking up some rays would be great. I hadn't laid out on the beach just for sun all summer since I had a lot of writing to do. I gathered up a few things in my beach bag, put on a white string bikini, pulled my hair up in a ponytail, threw on a shirt and shorts over my bikini and headed out the door. The beach was not too busy with passers-by beyond my deck but there were several people strung out closer to the water. I plugged my earphones into my iPod and in my ears, slipped on my sunglasses and took a long walk up the warm sand to a quieter spot. I knew of a place that would take me a half hour to walk to but it was always worth it to hide in this spot; I could take my bikini off and try to fix my tan lines.

 I made my way up the beach to some rocky walls near an old, dilapidated pier. Tossing my flip flops in my bag I held it over my head as I waded through the waist-deep water under the pier. The waves splashed up and over me as I moved through the mostly shaded entrance beyond the rocks to an empty, sandy beach secluded from everything by a wide, horseshoe-shaped wall of rock. The sand was smooth and damp from the waves and empty of shrubs and other plant life. The area was large enough for a small beach party but today it looked like no one had been here in quite some time. I sat my bag down, dug out my large beach towel and laid it out on the sand several feet from the water. I peeled off my wet shorts and tossed aside my shirt, adjusting my bikini bottoms as I waded out into the ocean to cool off before I laid down. As I walked out and sank down about chest-deep in the cold water I caught a glimpse of the sun reflecting off of sunglasses on the other side of the pier. I stood up suddenly, disappointed I had been followed. That feeling was quickly replaced with happiness.

 "What's up, sexy?" Jack hollered at me once he was clear of the pillars.

 I smiled, putting my sunglasses on top of my head as I waded back to shore. His tattooed arms and chiseled abs glistened from the waves under the pier, beads running down to his waist more visible as I got closer. He was wearing a pair of green swimming trunks and sunglasses, his wavy hair damp. I always imagine how good his hair feels between my fingers when I see him. He pulled his hands out of his pockets as I stepped out of the water and stood in front of him.

 "I wondered what you were up to, wandering out here all by yourself," he said as he wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me into him. He leaned his head down and kissed me on the neck while reaching up with one hand to tug on the strings around my back, untying my top. I breathed in sharply with both motions, pulling back from his grip with a shy grin. I walked away from him, reaching back to tie my strings again as I reached my bag.

 "Oh, okay, you're avoiding me?" he asked, walking up to me as I turned around. I glanced up at him as I sat down on my towel. He was frowning.

 "No," I answered as nonchalantly as I could, trying to hide my excitement. "You're a pleasant surprise. But why rush things?" I winked.

 He smiled at me, kneeling down on the end of my towel and pushing me onto my back, laying his weight on me. I could feel his erection through his trunks against my leg. I wanted to wrap my legs around him so badly as he started kissing and nibbling on my neck and down between my breasts. He moved my bikini over on one breast, revealing a cold nipple for him to suck on. No, I thought to myself as my clit began throbbing. He followed me here; he has time. Let's play.

 "Stop," I said, twisting around under him. Jack stopped, frowning at me again. He got up on his knees again and I sat up, fixing my top and reaching into my bag for a bottle of oil. I wonder how long this will last... "Will you put this on my back?"

 He looked down at the bottle and sighed, eventually taking it from me and pouring some on his hands. I rolled over and laid on my stomach, turning my face toward him to watch. Jack rubbed the oil lightly between his hands before rubbing it on my legs. He took his time, massaging my hot skin with his oiled hands up and down each leg in turn. As he moved up and between my thighs his fingers slipped under my bikini, rubbing oil on my ass cheeks. I moaned, enjoying every inch of his touch on my flesh. Soon he moved up my body to my back and after several minutes on my back he untied my top again, moving the strings to my sides and out of his way to rub the oil in higher. I gasped as my bikini laid loose under me on the towel. I watched him grin as he put more oil on his hands to rub into my shoulders and arms. He straddled my waist to work on my shoulders, his damp trunks warm on my back in the hot sun. I moaned again as he massaged my arms, wiggling my ass a little under him. He groaned over me, pausing to consider his options. "Are you ready to turn over?" he asked.

 "No, not yet," I replied, giggling a little as I relaxed while watching him the best I could. I was throbbing so hard now I could barely contain myself.

 "Alright," Jack said, moving off of my back and spreading my legs apart with his knees. He grabbed my hips roughly, pulling my ass up in the air and positioning me on my knees. I gasped at the sudden motion of my body but I didn't fight him; my swollen mound was needing attention by now. He rubbed his hard cock between my covered ass cheeks, gripping my waist with one hand and pushing my shoulders down with the other. I moved my arms up by my head, preparing for his next move and releasing my long brown hair from my ponytail. He took the strings on each side of my bikini bottoms between his fingers and pulled them undone slowly, letting the damp garment fall to my towel to expose my ass and bare pussy to the sun.

 I looked back at him the best I could, watching his eyes take in the sight of my glistening pussy. I heard him groan as he realized he had oil all over his hands, so he wrapped his arms around my thighs and put his mouth on my swollen mound, sucking on my clit and licking my lips. I arched my back more, wanting his tongue deep inside my tight hole. He obliged, his hot tongue diving inside me, tasting my juices as he gripped my legs tighter. I shuddered, his tongue sending waves of pleasure to my core. He devoured me like he had never tasted anything so sweet. I moaned, breathing heavier as my orgasm came closer to the surface. He flicked my clit with his tongue and sucked on it, coaxing my juices from my pussy and all over his mouth. I came hard, screaming into my towel and shuddering as he gripped me tighter to lick up my juices.

 Jack slowed down his motions as my screams subsided, pulling away from me to slide his trunks off of his hips. His dick was between my ass cheeks before I could blink, a bead of pre-cum on the tip coming in contact with my hot flesh. He spread his knees apart to line up with my dripping wet hole and his dick dove inside swiftly, burying itself in me. I cried out with the rush in pleasure, needing his cock in my pussy badly. He held still for a moment, slowly pulling back out of my hole and thrusting back inside me harder, fucking me hard and slow for several minutes while he held on to my hips. Hot waves of pleasure spread throughout my body with every pounding my pussy received. This fucking was torturous, but I wasn't above begging for more.

 "Please," I moaned, pleading with him. "Please stop this torture, I need more."

 Jack stopped moving, pausing for a moment before sliding his dick out of me and pushing me to the side of the towel. I stayed on my knees to keep the hot sand off of my naked ass and removed my loose bikini top while he laid down on his back on the towel. Remembering the oil on his hands, he put them under his head and grinned devilishly as he waited for me to get on top of his hard cock. I stepped over him and knelt down over his stomach, putting my face into his. He pulled his hands out from his hair and grabbed my head, pulling my mouth to his to kiss me hard and hungrily. I tasted my juices on his lips as his hands moved down my hair to my back, holding me against him. My large breasts rested on his chest, heaving with each hungry breath we allowed each other. Soon I lifted my face from his and positioned my wet pussy over his cock, rubbing my mound on his shaft as it laid on his belly. He moaned as I teased him again, but my own hunger made me grab his cock and hold it under my soaked pussy and I slid down on it easily, my juices coating him once again. His hands finding my waist again, he held me against him while I ground my hips into his, the tip of his dick rubbing my cervix deep inside me.

 "Oh, god I love being deep inside you, Lydia," Jack groaned as his eyes rolled back and closed while I started fucking him harder. My hot, naked body grew even hotter in the afternoon sun as I felt every inch of his hard dick moving inside my tight hole. His hands moved to my breasts as my breathing grew louder and he pinched each nipple and pulled gently as I came, my hands resting on his chest while my screams escaped my throat. I rode him through my orgasm and stopped, lifting my pussy off of his shaft slowly and back down, my breasts resting on his chest as his hands caressed my ass.

 After a few minutes I got up from his body on my towel, reaching down for his hand. He looked at me questioningly but gave me his hand anyway. I pulled him up to his feet and got on my knees in front of him, his still hard dick throbbing in my face. I opened my mouth and stuck my tongue out, licking around the head as I looked up at his face. The sun was behind his shoulders, casting a shadow on his face and sexy smile as he watched me taste my juices on his member. My hand moved down the shaft to caress his balls as I took the tip into my mouth. One of his hands moved into my hair as I slowly eased his penis into my mouth and down my throat, taking in every inch of his warm, salty shaft. I sucked gently, moving his cock in and out of my lips. I loved the feeling of his penis in my mouth, and my pussy was throbbing again as I worked my tongue around him. I fingered myself with my free hand as his fingers wrapped themselves tighter in my hair, his grip on my head applying pressure. He was going to cum, and I wanted to swallow every drop.

 "I'm gonna cum, baby," he whispered.

 I pulled back from him, sliding the tip out from my lips and looking up at him teasingly. "Please do. I wanna taste you."

 Jack groaned, took my head in both of his hands and rubbed the tip of his throbbing dick on my lips. I opened my mouth and he thrust inside, his dick feeling wonderful gliding across my tongue. He fucked my mouth gently at first, but as he came closer to his release he let go, allowing me to suck at my own hungry pace. Soon I could feel the pulse of his seed spurting from him, his hot cum flooding my mouth and spilling down my throat. He moaned deeply as I continued sucking until every drop of cum came out of him and he grunted, shuddering in my mouth and hand.

 I stood up from the towel, wiping the corner of my mouth as I grinned at Jack. He was smiling also, steadying himself on his feet. "Don't fall over," I joked.

 "I won't," he replied, his smile growing as he reached for me. "But I'm not done with you yet." He caught my wrist, jerking me toward him and pushed me down onto the beach towel by my shoulders. His dick was still hard and he was grabbing my ankles as I laid back, the towel hot from the summer sun on my bare back and ass. Both of my ankles were suddenly resting on his shoulders as he stuck his cock back inside my wet pussy. I gasped as he dove in, pressing my legs into my torso as he fucked me harder and deeper. I couldn't move but I didn't want to as I felt the waves of pleasure spreading through me again. Holding onto my own knees, he fucked my hole for several minutes like this until he filled me with his cum again, crying out with his release.

 Jack laid on top of me for a moment, letting go of my legs so I could drop them and relax. Both of us were drenched in sweat from our fucking and the hot sun beating down on us. As I relaxed there catching my breath, he got off of me slowly and offered me his hand after standing up. I took it, helping myself up to my feet. Hearing the waves crash just a few feet away my sweating, naked body moved itself toward the cold water. I waded in at a steady pace before diving under, the ocean waves cooling me quickly. I surfaced and looked back at the secluded beach; Jack was following me in. I grinned, splashing him a little as he got closer. He grabbed my wrist, drug me into his arms and kissed me hungrily, the cold water swirling around our naked bodies.