 I threw the last bag of my stuff in the trunk of my car and closed it. Summer was over for me, and it was time to drive back to the city and back to reality. I leaned my ass against my car and looked up at my beach house, sitting empty in the sand as the sun rose over the horizon behind me. This summer was wonderful and I didn't want to go.

Jack didn't want me to go either. He texted me to come out riding around town in his Jeep this morning, but I knew it wasn't good for either of us to be seen together. After I told him goodbye for the tenth time last night he grabbed me and kissed me hard, one arm around my waist and the other hand slipping down the front of my shorts to finger my pussy. Before I knew it my fingers were in his wavy brown hair and pulling his tongue into my mouth deeper. He took this as his signal to let me go and undress me, pushing me down onto the couch in the living room. His cock felt wonderful as he slid it inside me, fucking me while my ass cheeks barely held on to the edge of the couch. God, I'm going to miss him badly.

Then there's Paul. He took me home after the little gang bang he had watched and hadn't contacted me since; that was over a week ago. He touched my cheek with his fingers before I got out of his car, staring into my eyes like he had so much to say but he remained silent. I didn't get any details from him about his marriage ending or not and I knew better than to ask. I was still married after all.

The two hours it took to drive back to the city seemed to take longer as all this ran through my head, but I had finally made up my mind. If my book deal goes through soon, I'm leaving Michael. I haven't truly loved him for years and I didn't need him getting in my way anymore. Hell, the last time we had even tried to have sex he had invited another woman to join us. She was bisexual and very interested in me. I admit I was curious about lesbian sex but with Michael watching us and joining in, it just wasn't that great. I didn't need a relationship that I wasn't getting anything out of anymore.

My vision darkened as I pulled into the parking garage of our apartment building. Grabbing my bags from the trunk, I made my way to the elevator and went up to my apartment. A phone was ringing distantly as I approached my door, fumbling in my purse for my key. As soon as I realized it had been my phone ringing inside the sound had stopped, and a moment later my cell phone rang inside my purse. I unlocked my door and squinted my eyes as I entered the brightly lit place, dropping my bags against the wall. All the curtains were wide open along the wall of windows, showing me a pleasant view of city buildings and distant traffic. Ok, so I missed the city a little bit, I thought as I answered my phone. "Hello?"

"Lydia, it's Ken," the voice on the other end spoke. "I'm so glad I could reach you. Are you back in town yet?"

I chuckled. "I just dropped my stuff in the floor of my place. Good news?" Ken was my publisher, and he wouldn't call me without something good to say but I wanted to get to the point. He did like to chat about anything and everything if you let him.

"How does 100,000 copies for the first print and a four-book contract sound?" he asked excitedly.

"Really?!" I almost screamed into the phone. Finally! I thought, sighing as I collapsed into a chair.

"Yes, you did it, girl. I always knew you could get this..."

I stopped listening to him as I ran through all the thoughts that had kept me occupied on my drive home. I need to get all of the details of this book deal... I have to tell my friends and family... I'm going to call my lawyer because I'm filing for divorce as soon as possible... a celebration is in order... I should text Jack... should I call Paul...

"...we need to go out for drinks tonight."

What? We? "What was that?" I asked.

"I talked to your agent Kim already and she said she wants to take you out to celebrate tonight because you have worked so hard for a long time to get here. A few of us would like to take you out. Murphy's at 8pm?"

I hesitated. I hadn't been social outside of the office with Ken, ever. He was in his early forties, divorced with a couple kids. I had heard from a few people that you didn't want to be around him when he was drinking because he could get angry easily. Then again, I didn't care for drinking at a pub much anyway. But, I was back in the city for a little bit... "Well, okay, I think I can do that," I finally said.

"Great. I'm so happy for you, sweetie. See you later."

Sweetie? I shrugged it off as I began making a list of the things I wanted to get accomplished in the next few days.

The evening arrived much sooner than I had expected. My lawyer was already drawing up the paperwork. No children, and I doubt there would be any possessions to fight over. The beach house was mine, purchased and fixed up by me with some money I had stashed away since my first job and my writing started paying off. My car was mine, the apartment was mostly his, that sort of thing. I was still sifting through the details in my head when I arrived at Murphy's a little past 8pm. I took a cab just in case I had too much to drink tonight. Kim knew how to get anyone to loosen up and have a few too many.

The front door creaked as I pushed it in, entering the dimly lit pub. The place was crowded and a bit loud with conversation but not noisy. Nearly every table was full with patrons and the bar had people standing two or three persons thick from its dark counters. The smell of fried foods and whiskey hovered in the air as I squinted across the room, looking for a familiar face. Several men had glanced my direction upon entering, some of which were still lingering on me. Hey I'm gonna be divorced soon, I thought to myself. I'm going to look good tonight. I adjusted my black skirt and straightened my white, buttoned blouse. My long, brown hair brushed across my neckline and down my back.

"Hey! I'm so happy for you!" Kim shrieked as she appeared, wrapping her arms around me. I could smell margarita on her breath as she spoke. Someone got a head start, I laughed to myself. "Come over here with us."

Kim took my hand and led me past the tables to a corner booth with three other people. Ken was there in the middle, laughing at a joke that Jeff had just said. Kim slid into the booth next to Marie, picking up her half-full glass and gulping the rest of her drink. I sat down on the other end of the half circle next to Jeff while he continued with a story he was telling. He was an editor about my age, tall with short red hair and freckles across his nose. Ken smiled at me, his dark blue eyes watching as I sat down and made myself comfortable. Hints of gray highlighted his light brown hair, his smile warm. His gaze lingered down my neckline, I noticed, as Kim slid me a basket of tortilla chips.

"Can I get you something, dear?" Kim asked me. "You need a drink."

I smiled, glancing at Ken again. He was still staring at my neckline. I shifted my eyes away and said "I think a beer sounds good."

Kim sighed, rolling her eyes slightly and brushing her blonde hair out of her face as she got up to get us drinks. She brought me a bottle of wheat beer and another margarita for her. Jeff finished his story and turned to me, surprised. Apparently he hadn't noticed me sit next to him. "Hey, there she is! Congratulations," he exclaimed, putting an arm around me and squeezing my shoulder. "You have worked so hard for this."

"Thanks," I said, smiling and taking a big gulp of my cold beer. "This day has finally come."

"Congrats!" Marie, Kim and Ken all echoed as they raised their drinks.

"Thanks, guys." We clinked our glasses and bottles together, and I took another drink of my beer.

Conversation kept me occupied over the next few hours, and I hadn't even noticed how many beers I was consuming. All of us left work alone and we had a great evening of laughs, something I don't do enough of these days. I noticed as the night wore on that the more Ken drank, the more he was unafraid to blatantly stare at me when he was not directly engaged in conversation. It should have made me uneasy. I had known Ken for a few years now and was not attracted to him, but his humor and looks didn't turn me away either. I had just preferred to keep my adventures out of the office. Maybe not tonight, I thought to myself and we locked eyes across the table.

"Lydia, give me a call next week," Marie was saying to me as I snapped back to the conversation. "Any time. Let's get the ball rolling."

"Oh, yes, I will call you," I said, nodding as I swallowed the last of my current bottle of beer. "Can't wait."

Kim leaned down and hugged me again. "I'm so happy for you!" she exclaimed for the hundredth time this evening. "Keep writing, girl."

I chuckled. "Yes, ma'am, I will."

Kim and Marie walked out together followed closely behind by Jeff, who only nodded to me with a pleasant smile as I stood up and he exited the booth. Leaving me with Ken.

"May I see you home?" he asked, leaning towards me, smiling politely.

"I don't think I've had too much to drink, I should be fine," I replied. I wasn't drunk since I had taken my time with each beer. If he was only being nice, I wanted to shut him down now. But if he pressed...

"No, really honey, I insist," he said, grabbing his jacket and sliding out of the booth, holding out his arm for me. "Shall we?"

I smiled sweetly. "Thank you, Ken."

He escorted me out of the pub and down the sidewalk, the cool night air tingling across my bare skin. I glanced at Ken, the city lights giving his face a different look than he had had in Murphy's. He looked at me and winked. I grinned again, overly happy from all the beer. He dropped his arm and grabbed my hand, intertwining his fingers in mine.

After we walked several blocks in silence, I decided to see just where this was going. "So, Ken, do you plan to escort me all the way to my apartment door? I'm not sure if my husband will be there..."

His hand let mine go and he placed it around my waist on my hip. His eyes were lustful. "Honestly, I hadn't thought we would make it that far."

My breath caught in my throat. He'd never been like this in front of me, and I didn't know what to expect. And now with the way he was touching me, looking at me, my panties were growing very damp. He grinned slyly, squeezed his arm around my waist and lead me down a dark alley. There were several boarded up windows but none revealing any light. He walked me past a dumpster into a corner out of the reaches of the nearest streetlight. He pressed my back into the brick wall, leaning in to whisper "Can I have you?"

I looked around us. I could see people in the distance walking down the sidewalk but we were hidden in the dark alley fairly well. "Yes," I replied, my breathing shallow. His lips found mine, warm and inviting. His hands were on both sides of me against the brick as one of his legs parted mine between my knees. I kissed him hungrily, my arms around his neck and my clit throbbing more with every second. He parted our kiss, took my wrists in one hand and lifted my arms over my head, pinning them to the brick. His other hand jerked the front of my shirt open, probably popping off a few buttons. He inhaled as he gazed down at my nude lace bra in the dark before his tongue found the space between my breasts as his other hand freed my right boob. He made his way to my nipple, hardening under his wet tongue and the cool air.

I squirmed under his grip as he moved over to my other nipple, my hips arching out as my pussy throbbed harder for some attention. I could feel his erection pressing against his zipper. Ken released my wrists, his hand dropping down between my legs and up my thigh under my skirt. He grabbed the soaked crotch of my panties and pulled them down to my knees, his hot mouth relinquishing my nipple to drop down and slide my panties off my legs. I stepped out of them as he raised my skirt to my waist, his face inches from my bare pussy lips. I watched him as he inhaled my scent before his tongue slipped out and between my legs. He licked my pussy lips slowly, going deeper with each lap at my bare skin. My head fell back against the brick as I moaned, enjoying his probing tongue. He picked up my right leg and held it as his mouth moved deeper between my thighs. I shook as his tongue dipped into my vagina and drug across my clit slowly, sending goosebumps down my legs. He latched his lips onto my clit then, sucking and flicking it with his tongue faster and faster. My fingers ran through his hair as I held his face between my legs, moaning and shaking more and more as I neared release. He groaned as he tasted my juices flowing from me just before I came hard, biting my bottom lip to keep from screaming too loud.

Ken got up from his knees as I tried to get my breathing slowed down, wiping his mouth before unbuckling his belt. I looked down at his hands unbuttoning and unzipping his pants and waited as he pushed down the waistband of his boxers, freeing his hard cock. I slid down the brick wall to my knees but he grabbed my arms, pulling me back up and shaking his head. "I wanna fuck you," I heard him whisper.

"Oh, yes, please do," I breathed. I raised my right leg up again and put my hand on his erection, hard and throbbing against my palm. A bead of pre-cum grazed my skin, cooling fast in the night air.

Ken stepped closer to me, putting each of his hands on my ass cheeks still slightly covered by my skirt. Picking me up a few inches he pressed his body against mine and I guided his cock into my dripping wet pussy. His thick member filled me to the brim as he slid inside, both of us gasping as he held still for a moment. I wrapped my arms around his neck as he picked up my other leg and began moving in and out of me slowly. My juices coated his dick and ran down my cheek as he fucked me harder and faster with every thrust. His strong arms continued to hold my back against the brick, my tailbone banging into the hard wall. He grunted and groaned as he filled me with his cum, his thrusts slowing down.

Ken held me there for several moments to catch his breath, looking at me and smiling through his gasps for air. I smiled back. He pulled his softening dick from me and lowered my legs, my skirt still hovering around my waist as I leaned against the building trying to catch my breath. He put his deflated manhood away, buckling his belt and tucking his shirt back in as he looked me over in the dim light, a smirk on his face.

He tugged my skirt down my hips and ass as I buttoned my shirt back up. Lost two buttons. "Well, I look thoroughly used."

Ken laughed quietly, bending down to pick up his jacket from the ground. He spotted my panties, picking those up as well. "Thanks for the nice evening, honey." He kissed my cheek, offering me his jacket. I let him put the jacket over my shoulders and watched him pocket my panties as he led me out of the alley cautiously. The street was fairly empty by now, and walked to the curb and hailed a cab. I looked back at Ken before getting into the car. He was still smiling.

"Good night," I smiled back. He winked.