 All of the facts in this story are true. The conversation might not be verbatim, but close enough. Hope you enjoy reading it as much as I did doing it.

*****

I was away on a five day trip. Because I was in shared accommodations and in constant company of colleagues, it was impossible to get any relief or release. This was extremely frustrating for me since I cum pretty much every day via one means or another (even now I still love masturbating).

Reading my favourites on Literotica only increased my need for some sort of satisfaction. I couldn't do it in the shower since the drain wasn't the greatest and I didn't want to stand ankle deep in my cum (and also in consideration to my roommate). 

The night before departure, I decided that before going home, I was going to stop at one of my favourite places for a couple of beers and a few lap dances which often included some very explicit satisfaction. Although I am married, my wife hasn't been able to be penetrated for years. I can't remember the last time we actually fucked. And now she only gives me head once every three or four months. But after this length of time, I didn't think a hand or blow job would suffice, if she felt like giving me one. 

In the morning while my roomie was in the bathroom, I quickly got dressed and pulled on my button fly jeans without any underwear (my normal attire for my club visits). The flight home felt like it was taking for ever. It included an hour layover before our final destination. I think I was hard the entire time. Keeping my jeans from tenting was challenging and at least the buttons were able to stop my cock from popping out.

After collecting my luggage and paying an unfucking believable $90 for parking, I started off to the club. They were closed. 

"Crap!" I thought. "Where to go now?"

I didn't want to drive all the way out west again, so I thought I'd visit a rub and tug that was on the way home. I hadn't been there in over a year.

There were a few cars in the lot when I got there. I walked in and the reception said there was only one girl available right now. "Summer will be in to say hello in a second."

I sat and waited maybe 30 seconds. In walked this blond. She stood about 5'3" in flip flops. She wasn't drop dead gorgeous by any means but was attractive enough. The bra and panties she wore were nice although her tits were a little small and her belly was a bit big. Legs were nice. 

I was too horny to walk away so when the receptionist came back I said "Okay." And was lead to a room upstairs.

"Please have a shower." She said. "Summer will be here in a few minutes."

Stripped down, I showered and dried off. I sat on the massage table and watched the porn while waiting for Summer.

"Knock! Knock!" 

"Yes, come in!" I called out.

In walked Summer. "Hi, I'm Summer." She smiled as she shook my hand. "Start off with a massage? Face down to start."

She pour that crappy oil into her palm and started working it into my back. As she stood beside me, I reached down to rub her smooth legs running up between them and along her slit.

"How long have you worked here?" I asked.

"A couple of years, I guess." Said Summer.

I found out she was a nursing student, finishing her schooling next year and wanted to go into intensive care. So she had brains.

An oiled finger ran up the inside of my thigh and over my cum filled ball sack. She gently tickled my back downwards towards my legs. Her fingers ran along the crack of my ass. 

Still dressed she said, "Maybe I should take off my clothes."

"Good idea." I answered. 

Now naked, Summer went back to massaging my back. My hand ran up her thigh and on her back (not a really good move for my back shoulder). 

"Ooh! That tickles!" She giggled. "Did you want to massage me?"

"Sure." I said as I sat up.

As Summer laid face down, I mounted her.

I laid on her and started to kiss her back. 

"Oooo! I have a really ticklish back. Your moustache is driving me crazy!" My weight on her body prevented her from squirming too much or avoiding me. I reached under her arms and grabbed her wrists to make sure there was no way for her to squirm away. As I continued to kiss and tickle her, I positioned my bone between her ass cheeks and started humping her at the same time. Summer used her heels to kick into my butt. 

I released my wrist hold and worked my way down. I spread her cheeks and attacked her hole with my tongue. My finger easily slipped in to her hot cunt.

"Am I wet?" Summer asked.

"Oh yeah." I answered and showed her my fingers.

"Hmmm, maybe I should turn over." She flipped over. I licked her cunt a couple of times and then brought my arms under her legs. When I started pushing her knees to her head, Summer didn't complain at all so I continued to push harder until she was folded in half. I crossed her arms behind her head and grabbed he wrists again. As we kissed and nuzzled, I ran my cock against her well lubricated cunt lips. 

"Maybe we should put on a condom." She said.

"Not just yet." I replied. She didn't insist.

"Okay, but be careful. Don't put it inside me."

I sucked on her tiny nipples as I continued to rub my cock on her cunt.

"Oh fuck, you're getting me so horny." She told me. "You're so bad!"

I knew I was getting her really hot. After a few minutes, she said breathing a little harder. "Okay, put it in me, but only for a second." 

"Are you sure?" I asked. 

She answered by taking my cock and placing the knob between her pussy lips. I pushed forward, deep into her with one stroke. 

"Fuck she's hot!" I thought. "I haven't had my bareback cock this deep inside a cunt for years." I was fucking a friend with benefits a few years ago. She couldn't get pregnant so there wasn't any concern of me dumping my seed inside her.

I kept my cock inside Summer and started thrusting a bit.

"Okay, that's more than a second!" Summer prompted me, but really not that seriously. "Take it out."

I pumped a couple of more times and delayed pulling out, but reluctantly I complied. A couple of more minutes of massaging my cock on her cunt opening had her wanting more. This time I didn't wait for her permission. I took hold of it and stuffed it back into her. 

"Oooh fuck yeah!" She moaned. "Oh god!"

I was pumping harder now. 

"Come inside me!" Summer demanded. "It's okay!"

"Are you sure?" I asked. I was still bareback inside her.

"Yes! Oh fuck!" She started screaming loudly not caring if others could hear. "I can feel you getting bigger inside me!"

I was fucking her hard now. My cum was boiling over. I knew I couldn't hold on much longer. "Fuck! I'm cumming!" I groaned. 

A week's worth of pent up cum shot out of my piss hole and deep into her unprotected womb. Her legs squeezed me as if to push out every drop of cum I had in me.

I laid there for a minute, still inside her as I recovered from my orgasm. Finally I was able to extract myself.

"That was great!" Summer smiled exhausted. She placed her hand between her legs. "Holy fuck! How much cum did you dump inside me?" 

We showered again. My time was up. I gave her the money for her services with a tip. I left fully satisfied. No longer horny but maybe wanting to see her again. Summer was certainly worth going back to see her again. When I got home, my wife barely acknowledge me. That night and the next morning, nothing. I'm glad I stopped off and got off. This could be truly a great summer.