 It was the end of a very long week as the last week before vacation always is. I arrived home and collapsed on the couch to relax for a few minutes before starting dinner. As I am often tempted to do, my fingers found their way under the edge of my skirt to the crotch of my panties, just a little touching and playing to help me relax. I leaned back, closed my eyes and thought about all the wonderful vacation time that my husband and I would have together. As I lost myself in the fantasy and got a carried away with myself, the door bell rang. 

"Damn, perfect timing" I think to myself as I get up, straighten myself out and make my way to the door. 

I open the door and there stands a courier, who hands me an envelope and tells me to open it now. He says that he has special instruction to not give me the package until I have read the contents of the envelope. Thinking this is very strange, but must be something special from my husband, I tear open the envelope and read the note it holds inside. 

I know what you have been doing since you arrived home. You have had your fingers busy with your pussy, I hope it was worth it because there will be a price to pay for it later. Remove your panties now and hand them to the courier. Tell him that you were playing with your pussy when he arrived and the proof is to be found in the wetness of the panties. Accept the package he gives you, remove the rest of your clothes and go to the couch leaving the front door open. Open the package and put on what is inside the box. Kneel on the living room floor with your ass to the door and then wait for my arrival.

My face turned a very deep, hot red as I slowly set the note aside and followed the instructions it had contained. The couriers face also turned very red as he accepted the panties I handed him and told him what I had been doing when he arrived. He then handed me the package. He had just started to turn away as I unzipped and dropped my skirt and proceeded to unbutton my blouse. He stopped and just stood there with his face red and his jaw almost to the floor. I thanked him and walked away leaving the door standing wide open. 

I have no idea how long he stood there watching me because as soon as I reached the couch, my attention was solely on the package I held in my lap. I quickly tore away the plain brown wrappings, opened the box and began to examine what it held inside. First I found a chain that had three clips; obviously one for each nipple and one for my clit. I set the box aside and put the clips in place, moaning loudly as they tightened around my sensitive nipples and clit. Next, I found a weight that was apparently to be attached to the chain of the clips. This time, the sound that escaped my lips was more of a cry as the heavy weight pulled hard on the chain stretching my nipples and my clit to almost twice their normal length. It created a sensation just on the edge between pleasure and pain. Next in the box was a vibrating egg, I noticed quickly that it must be remote because there was only a very short cord and no controller in the box. I easily slipped it into place in my already dripping pussy. Next was a set of 4 leather cuffs. Each had a large metal ring on them which I knew were to make it easy to tie me down. The inside of the cuffs were fake fur so they would not leave marks. With those snuggly in place, I reached for the last item in the box, which was a leather fur lined blind-fold that matched the cuff I now wore on my wrists and ankles. I placed it over my eyes and clumsily moved into the commanded position to wait. Every slight movement of my body sent the weight into motion, causing my nipples and clit to scream to be released and bringing me close to orgasm. I waited. 

It felt as though I had been there waiting for hours but it was probably only 10 minutes or so. With no warning what so ever, the egg deeply buried in my pussy began to vibrate hard. It must have been set to high. I jumped from the surprise which of course really sent the weight into motion. I let out a screaming moan of pleasure, pain and shock. My scream must have hidden the sounds of movement behind me. The first that I was totally aware of someone else in the room was when I felt a stinging slap on my bare, exposed ass. Several more swats and I was ready to cum hard but just before I came, the egg stopped abruptly. Now, my moan was disappointment, frustration. 

I listened hard for any movement around me but heard nothing. Again out of nowhere, came several more hard swats to my ass keeping me close to climax but not enough to put me over the edge. Then the hand gently and lovingly caressed the hot, stinging skin of my ass. It felt cool and soft. It traced a path down my crack pausing for a brief moment with a slight pressure against the opening of my anus, circled my pussy opening and my clit but did not touch them as I wanted so badly. Another moan of frustration resulted in the hand being taken away and returning with an even harder smack to my ass. This smack was so hard that I struggled to remain on all fours and then it was gone. 

The hand strokes my hair. Then it surprises me when it takes a handful and forces my head up. As I open my mouth to let out a cry, my mouth is filled with a hard cock rammed roughly and deeply inside. I am allowed a second to adjust to it before the hand tightens in my hair and forces my mouth to fuck the cock that is filling it. Fast and hard I am sucking this cock. The thought crosses my mind for just a moment that my husband must really being enjoying all of this; his cock seems larger and harder than normal, but before I can really get my mind around this thought, I hear the snap of leather and feel the sting of his belt as it connects with the already tender and burning skin of my ass. More strikes of the belt, each forcing him deeper down my throat. I feel him tense and then fill my mouth with his hot cum. I suck and lick and drink every last drop. He kisses the top of my head and pulls away from me leaving my entire body screaming for the release of an orgasm of my own. 

I feel hands on my nipples, pinching, pulling, tickling and finally releasing them from the clips. They repeat the same motions on my clit, again bringing me so close to orgasm but not allowing me that release. This time as he moves around me I hear him, shuffling, he slips a hand under my arm and helps me stand on my tired and weak legs. He leads me to the dinning room table and gently pushes me down so that my chest is pressed tightly against the cool wood. He forces my legs apart and restrains my ankles to the legs of the table. He takes one arm and I feel him attach something to the cuff on my wrist. I feel my arm pulled tight. Now the other arm is tied down in the same way. I am now bound spread eagle on the table and I am totally unable to move. I hear him walk away and as he does, the egg which is still buried deep inside me starts its tortuous vibrations again. I turn my head and bite down hard on my shoulder to prevent me from screaming out with the desire and frustration that is building to an almost intolerable level within me. I want so bad to be fucked and to be allowed to cum. The egg inside me is just enough to keep me close to climax, but not enough to push me over the top. I am left there in that suspended state of excitement for what seems to be an eternity. 

Finally I hear movement around me. Something cold is drizzled down the crack of my ass. Suddenly, I feel the head of one of my butt plugs at the opening. Steady pressure against it pushes it not so gently until it is deep inside my ass. Next, I feel the soft wood of a paddle rubbed over the hot skin of my abused butt. CRACK! The paddle is brought down hard shoving the butt plug even deeper and moving the still vibration egg inside my pussy. The paddle is sometimes gently rubbing and sometimes brought down hard against my ass. I am never quite sure which sensation I will feel next. A totally of 10 swats is rained down on me. My ass must be a very deep shade of red now. The skin is on fire. The egg is turned off again without warning and is roughly pulled from my pussy. In its place is rammed the hot, warm cock. Hard and fast the cock uses my pussy, fucking me. His hands are on my hips using them as handles to pull himself into my hungry, juicy pussy. With each stroke, his abdomen beats the plug in my ass, essentially fucking both holes at once. One of his hands finds its way to a nipple and pinches it hard; the other hand finds its way to my clit and flicks it relentlessly. 

At last, I am allowed to cum. I scream out with the ecstasy of the release as my juices pour out around his cock and down between our feet, creating a puddle on the floor. The convolutions of my pussy walls caused by the raging orgasm squeezes down hard on his cock but still he fucks my pussy. He is still working on my clit and my nipple. Seconds later, I am cumming hard again. Still, he continues. I lost count of the number of back to back orgasms I had at 5. He pulled his cock out of my pussy and I thought that I would now be allowed to relax and recover. Instead, he stuffed the egg back inside me and started it vibrating on the highest setting. He then yanked the butt plug from my ass and rammed his cock deep in its place before the opening could even close up at all. His hands returned to working on my nipple and my clit and I am brought to orgasm several more times before he finally sinks his cock as deep in my asshole as he can and fills me with his hot cum. He collapses on top of me and I must have passed out. The next thing I knew, I was waking up totally naked in my bed. My husband was gently stroking my face, whispering words of love.

"Baby, how about if we go out to dinner tonight?" He asked.

"MMMMM sounds wonderful to me"

"Ok, I have a couple of last minute things to finish up before vacation, you get ready and I'll be back in about half an hour ok?" 

As he left the room, he reached into his pocket, pulled something out and threw my panties on the bed next to me, "Thank you for an incredible afternoon Baby! You might want these back. Next time, you better ask permission before playing with your pussy!" He laughed and so did I. 

I got up and went into the bathroom to quickly clean up and get ready to go to dinner. I decided that my butt was still to tender from my spanking to wear panties or nylons and so opted for a soft, flowing dress and thigh high stockings. I freshened up my hair and my make-up and had just finished getting ready when my husband walked back into the bedroom. As I stood taking one last look in the mirror, he came up behind me, slipped his arms around my waist and tenderly kissed my neck. He whispered how much he loved me and that I looked beautiful. Then as he was stepping away, he gave me a gentle swat on the behind, it was enough to rekindle the flames of desire that I thought had to have burned themselves out for the night. Then off we went to dinner. 

I found it very hard to sit still at the table that night. I fidgeted and shifted, trying to find a position that did not cause my bottom to sting, but that was an impossible task as I'm sure my husband knew it would be. About halfway through dinner, I excused myself to go use the restroom, thinking that at least for the few minutes I was walking there and back, my butt would not be on fire. I had just made it a few feet from the table when suddenly; the egg that I had forgotten was buried deep inside my pussy started its now familiar vibrations. I stopped and looked at my husband. He had the biggest grin on his face. I continued to the restroom, though I must have looked like I was drunk or something. I'm sure that I was walking very strange. I made it to the restroom and just stood there at the sink for a few minutes. Just as a moan escaped my lips, an older woman walked in and must have thought I was nuts. I quickly returned to our table. About the same distance from the table as the vibration started, it stopped upon my return. After dinner and while we were waiting for our dessert, I found it necessary to visit the restroom again. At almost the exact same spot on the way there, the egg began to vibrate again and stopped at the same spot on my return. I never was actually able to USE the restroom (it is very hard for me to pee when I am that excited). 

As I sat down the second time, my husband slipped his hand under the skirt of my dress and asked me if I had enjoyed my trip to restroom as he flicked my clit a few times and slide a finger deep inside me. I moaned and pushed toward his finger only to have him remove it and lick my juices off it just as the waitress arrived with our check. It was hard to believe that with as many times as I had cum that afternoon, I was ready for more. Amazing what he can do to me. 

We had no more than sat down in the car when the egg began again. This time however, it was only on low, just a slight hum. My husband started the car, reached down and unfastened his pants, pulled his lovely, hard cock out and looked at me. 

"If you want to cum at some point tonight... You know what to do on the way home, right?" and without another word, he backed out of the parking stall and turned the car toward home.

Of course I knew what to do. I immediately stripped out of my clothes, got up on my knees with my bare ass in the air towards the passenger window and got busy licking, teasing, sucking, and squeezing his balls. Although we were only about 10 minutes from home, I was able to make him cum as we pulled into the driveway of our home making sure to get every single drop. I did not want to allow even one drop to soil his pants as I did not want to pay the price for that, my butt was still alive with the reminder of my earlier lesson. We sat there in the driveway necking for a few minutes as my husband slowly regained his composure. He opened the car door and stepped out. It was then I realized what he really had in mind. 

With all my clothes in hand, he stepped out of the car and went to the front door of the house. He unlocked it and went inside leaving the door wide open, but without ever looking back. There I sat in nothing but my thigh highs and my shoes, and my only choice for getting into the house was across the front yard to the door. As I tried to get my nerve up, I felt the now familiar vibrations in my pussy. I leaned back to enjoy them only to have them stop abruptly. Okay, okay, I got the point, if I wanted another orgasm I had to go into the house. 

And so, having gathered as much courage as I could, I looked around. Not seeing anyone yet knowing that someone could show up any second or be looking out their windows, I opened the car door and stepped out. I quietly closed the door and walked up the path as if there was nothing out of the ordinary. I got inside the house and shut the door. My husband grabbed my in a tight hug and kissed me deeply. Then pulling away, he looked me up and down.

"God, you are the sexiest woman in the world and I am the luckiest guy."

I laughed, "Baby, with all you do to bring me pleasure? I am the luckiest woman ever!"

He took my hand and led me to our bedroom. When we reached the bed, he very gently placed his hands on my shoulders and with the slightest pressure, indicated that I should lay back. He turned my egg on low, kissed me with a passion that most people only dream of, and stepped back. Slowly, he stripped for me while making love to me with his eyes. Then, he climbed into bed next to me and began lightly touching and stroking every part of my body. Every time I moved my hands to join the dance of the fingertips, he softly moved them up over my head. He reigned kisses and caressed my body with more love than you would imagine possible. He carefully avoided all the places that I wanted most to have him touch me. He teased and toyed with me as the egg continued to buzz away inside me increasing my passionate desire for him. 

After what seemed an eternity, he settled himself in between my thighs and started teasing me with his tongue. He licked, kissed and sucked me to countless orgasms before finally turning off and removing the egg from my dripping pussy. He slowly kissed his way up over my stomach and breasts until his mouth came to rest on mine. As our lips met, I could taste myself on them and that was enough to almost make me crazy with the need to have him inside me again. I felt the tip of his hard cock press against my pussy and I tried to shift and push to get him in me. Slower than ever before, he allowed his cock so slide in, just a little at a time until at last, he was buried deep within. He stopped and just lay there on top of me with his cock as deep as it would go. Then, he slowly withdrew until he was almost out before pushing back in almost as slowly as the first time. I have no idea how long we made love like this because for me, time stood still lost in each other. Eventually, he could not take it anymore either and with a few quick hard thrusts, we simultaneously came hard. 

Both of us totally spent, his cock still deep inside me, he put his arms around me and we rolled onto our sides. We held each other tight and murmured "I love you's" to each other. We drifted in and out of sleep for a while and each time I woke; the first thing I was aware of was that his cock was still inside me. A wiggle or two would make it instantly hard again but was not enough to wake him up. Somehow, I think that he was doing the same thing. Several times throughout the night, we both woke up at the same time and again made love, only to collapse back in the same position as before. 

When we woke up in the morning, we tossed aside the idea of "making love" and just plain fucked like wild animals before at last getting up and showering together and making our way (as naked as the day we were born) out to the kitchen to make breakfast together. What a way to start our summer vacation. This could be an incredible summer.