 A summer fling leads to love. It is lost & then regained 

^^^

"Summer Wind" is a great song. I thought it's theme of a summer romance would provide a good basis for a Summer Lov'n story. My tale includes exhibitionism, oral, loving regular sex, and anal sex. All characters having sex are over thirty-five.

A good primer for this story are the lyrics to the song "Summer Wind". Instead of reading them, I suggest you go to YouTube and hear Frank Sinatra sing the song.

The summer wind came blowin' in from across the seaIt lingered there, to touch your hair and walk with meAll summer long we sang a song and then we strolled that golden sandTwo sweethearts and the summer windLike painted kites, those days and nights they went flyin' byThe world was new beneath a blue umbrella skyThen softer than a piper man, one day it called to youI lost you, I lost you to the summer windThe autumn wind, and the winter winds they have come and goneAnd still the days, those lonely days, they go on and onAnd guess who sighs his lullabies through nights that never endMy fickle friend, the summer windThe summer windWarm summer windThe summer wind

^^^

"Take me. Take my ass!"

Ashley was surprised by her boldness. Some how she'd found the courage to voice her inner most desire. She cringed hearing the pleading tone in her voice, but that too was honest and genuine. She wasn't demanding he have anal sex with her, she was begging.

She held her breath and waited for his reply. The thirty-five-year-old woman had never had anal sex. She asked herself, "Why now? Why with him?" 

Here is how she got there.

^^^ 

"Ahhhh!" Henry exhaled loudly and looked out over the water to the horizon.

He was standing on a secluded beach in an unincorporated area on Maryland's Eastern Shore, the bay side to be more precise. He was watching the sunrise. He'd seen it the day before and the day before that. He was likely to see the glowing, yellow orb rise tomorrow too. It was how he liked to start the day.

He sang a line from his favorite song. "The summer wind came blowin' in from across the sea."

He hummed the rest of the tune on that warm June morning as he watched the big ball of gas and plasma climb into a clear blue sky.

Henry was fifty-eight years-old, a widower for three years, and a retired high school science teacher. He lived in a cottage on a pleasant beach that fronted the Chesapeake Bay. This was the place where he and his wife had dreamed of living out their golden years.

Henry and Lillian Fleetwood had scrimped and saved for years to buy this water-front property. What they hadn't planned on was Lillian dying of cancer soon after they moved in.

^^^ 

Ashley had gotten in late the night before. She slept in and didn't rise until after noon. She was alone and staying at her Aunt's house on the same beach. The thirty-five-year-old woman was a wreck, physically and mentally.

She was tired because she'd put in many long days. She'd worked extra hours to finish pressing projects at work so she could have this month long vacation. Her mental distress was caused by Gerald, her soon to be ex-husband.

After six years of marriage and when she was about to start her second round of in vitro fertilization (the first round failed), her husband announced that he didn't want kids. He said he loved her and was happy to be married to her, but he didn't want her to go through with the procedure.

She desperately wanted children or at least the possibility of children. They couldn't reconcile their opposing positions. The embryos were destroyed. She was here in this secluded, bucolic setting to rest and recover, body and soul.

She had lunch, changed into an Esther Williams vintage one piece and went for a walk on the beach. She was alone on the small, lovely, private beach. This secluded place didn't draw many people. The masses went to the larger, commercially developed, public beaches that were on the ocean. Her aunt had been correct, the quiet solitude of this place was exactly what she needed.

She zigged and zagged walking along the water's edge wearing her big, floppy hat and large sunglasses. She heard a woman's full throated laugh and the trill of a small child giggling. The sounds came from around the next bend. She stopped and was about to turn around so as not to intrude on them when a small child darted her way. The three-year-old girl stopped and stared at Ashley.

"Come back here!" the mother shouted good-naturedly. A topless woman clutching an infant to her breast appeared.

She saw Ashley and said pleasantly, "Hello. I'm afraid you've stumbled upon the clothing optional portion of the beach." She laughed. They were on private property jointly owned by the community of homeowners. There were no rules outlawing nudity at this beach. The neighborhood association requested that everyone be respectful to their neighbors.

"I'm Tricia. The little one I'm chasing is Becky and the baby I'm feeding is Alfred. We're staying with my uncle at the old Crenshaw place." She pointed to a forest green bungalow.

The two thirty-five-year-old women looked at one another. Tricia made no attempt to cover herself. She was perfectly at ease topless with a baby sucking on one breast and the other exposed to the world. She extended her hand.

Ashley shook it and said, "I'm Ashley. I'm new to this place. I'm staying at the Wilcox house. The one painted robin's egg blue. My Aunt owns it."

"I love that house! It's so pretty," Tricia exclaimed.

Ashley instantly liked Tricia. She was friendly and pretty. She gushed, "What lovely children you have!" She bent over so she was eye level with the blue eyed, towhead toddler and said, "Hello, Becky. Are you having fun today?"

The little girl nodded vigorously. She reached out her hand. Ashley grabbed it. Becky latched on tightly and pulled her toward her camp.

"Sweetie," her mother said. "Let go. Ashley may have places to go."

"Actually, I have no plans for today. I was just out for a walk."

"You're welcome to join us. We have a bucket and shovel for building sand castles and I can offer you some lemonade."

"I'd like that."

Ashley went with them. She played with Becky while Tricia fed the baby. Then, the women sat on the beach blanket, drank lemonade and talked. They shared basic information. Ashley opened up to the woman she'd just met. She told her about her pending divorce and the unsuccessful and canceled IVF treatments.

Tricia told her her story. She was a lawyer who'd worked for the federal government. She was happily married to Dave and was currently a stay-at-home, doting mother of two who lived in Woodbridge, VA.

Tricia laughed and said, "I'm not a nudist. I swear it's Alfred's fault. Growing up I was a good girl. Then a modest, proper woman. I always fixed my hair and put makeup on before leaving the house. I groomed before gynecological visits. When feeding my first baby, I'd completely draped myself with a blanket even in my own home.

"Then along came Alfred and I lost my sense of decorum. With two little ones, I don't have time to be coiffed and made up. My only goal is to get through the day! I don't give a rat's ass who sees me. I breastfeed Alfred without a cover in public all the time without a second thought.

"Motherhood has taught me to pick my battles. I've promised the kids I'll be properly dressed and well-groomed when I take them to school for first grade, but before that, there are no guarantees."

The women laughed.

Tricia put the baby down and asked, "Are you okay with me baring my breasts? I admit I"m proud of them. They're so big and round. God! I would have loved to have these in high school. I'll be back to a small B when I stop breastfeeding.

"Seriously, I need to let my nipples air dry otherwise I risk getting thrush or having them crack and bleed. I'm supposed to leave them open to the air as much as possible. My husband loves seeing me walk around the house topless. He ogles me and occasionally steals some milk.

"I find I'm topless a lot. I have to feed Alfred ten to twelve times a day. I've been staying with my uncle for a week. He's seen more of me than he'd like. Poor thing."

She laughed loudly again and said, "I've lost all sense of propriety. I blame motherhood. I can no longer expect privacy in the bathroom. Becky barges in. I've shot babies out my hoohaw before countless doctors and nurses and with the near constant breastfeeding, who hasn't seen me naked? There's no such thing as modesty when you have kids!"

Tricia appreciated having a grown woman to talk to. She babbled on.

"Even if I wanted to cover up, I couldn't wear the top that goes with this bikini. It doesn't fit over my milk engorged boobies. Can you believe I'm shamelessly wearing the bottoms even though my belly hangs over it because I haven't lost all my pregnancy weight?"

She finally paused and drew a breath. Ashley responded, "You look great. Don't they say, 'If you've got it, flaunt it'.

Tricia reached into her bag. She pulled out a tee shirt and held it up. Printed on it was the phrase, 'When life gives you curves, flaunt them'. She said, "Amen, sister!"

The women shared a laugh. Ashley said, "At least you have an excuse. I'm just plain overweight. I need to start running again. You can't tell by looking at me, but I ran track in high school and did 5-k runs in less than 30 minutes when I was in college."

Tricia leaned over and hugged Ashley. She said kindly, "Don't be so hard on yourself. You've been through a lot. The in virto treatments are just as hard on a woman's body as a pregnancy. And then that bastard of a husband turned on you."

She held her tight a long time. Ashley cried. "There. There. Let it out." Tricia stroked the woman's shoulder-length auburn hair.

Ashley had a good cry. After the tears and sniffles stopped, she pulled back and said, "Thanks. I needed that."

"No problem." Tricia glanced down and said, "Oh. Sorry. My motherly instincts kicked in. I think our contact and your crying triggered my let down reflex. I leaked milk on you."

She automatically wiped the liquid off the other's woman's chest. In doing so, she rubbed Ashley's erect nipple.

"Oh," Ash exclaimed as her nipple was stimulated.

"Sorry for touching you," Tricia apologized. "I'm so used to cleaning up messes. I didn't think."

Tricia didn't pull her hand away. She pressed it into Ashley's boob. "Gosh. Your boob is big and soft. Mine are full of milk and hard." She laughed and added, "It's official, I have no boundaries. I just felt up a woman."

Ashley wasn't upset. She was ashamed. She said, "I'm twenty pounds over my usual weight and my boobs have ballooned to D's. It's embarrassing. I need to eat better and exercise more."

The women sat and talked more. Ashley got to hold the baby and she was in heaven.

"You have to come to dinner," Tricia said. "My uncle is cooking. His coq au vin is to die for. He's making it tonight."

"I love French cooking."

"Then it's settled. This will work out great. Dave is away and Uncle Henry needs a drinking partner. I'm such a light weight having abstained while pregnant. I get loopy after one drink. Henry will cook a nice meal and then bore you with a ton of tedious minutiae about the fancy gins he has."

"I love gin. I have a dozen different types in my apartment!"

"It sounds like you and my uncle are two peas in a pod. Gin drinking, runners who like French cuisine. You have to meet him. Come over at six for cocktails. Dress is summer casual. I promise to wear a shirt."

The women laughed.

^^^

Ashley walked over to her new friend's house. The pudgy woman stole a bottle of French chardonnay from her Aunt. She rang the bell.

Tricia came to the door and opened it. "Hello. I'm so glad you came over." She giggled, lifted her embroidered peasant top and flashed Ashley. Underneath she had on a sturdy nursing bra. "Look, I wore a top and bra just for you."

Ashley blushed and stuttered, "Than ... Thanks."

Tricia took her over to the bar and introduced her to her uncle. He was a thin man of average height. She judged him to be in his mid-fifties. He had a full head of hair. It was a beautiful, luxurious shade of gray. His eyes were bright and his smile was quick.

"Ashley, this is Henry. Henry, this is Ashley."

The two shook hands. "My niece told me, you know a thing or two about gin. What can I get you to drink?"

She surveyed the liquors on display. "I'm pleased to see there's no Bombay Sapphire. You have some wonderful gins here. Many I'd like to try. Too many for me to taste tonight. You'll have to invite me back," she said brashly. 

"How about tonight you give me a G&T using the William Chase. I like that it's distilled over 100 times and takes two years to make. I'll take it with a slice of apple if you can manage it."

"That's an excellent choice. I'll join you in a glass," Henry said. He was impressed with her knowledge and good taste.

After he made the drinks, he playfully taunted his niece by saying "Tricia, I made you one as well even though you won't appreciate it.

Tricia responded, "Thanks. I'll put some music on."

"No. Stop her," Henry teased. "The poor thing was a teenager in the 1980's. Her concept of good music is warped. She thinks Pat Benatar wailing "Hit me with your Best Shot" and Kool & The Gang singing "Celebration" are great music."

"Help me out," Tricia said good-naturedly to Ashley. "We're the same age."

Ashley said, "80's music was the soundtrack of my teenage years, but I have to agree with your uncle. I don't see much from that era standing the test of time. It was hair bands and New Wave. The only positive thing I can say is that it was the decade disco died.

"The seventies were great, but it's hard to beat the 60's. You had The Beatles, Motown, Elvis, The Stones, The Beach Boys, Bob Dylan, Sinatra and so many more."

"Yes!" Henry shouted. "Listen to her, Tricia. This is one exceptionally smart woman." He pushed a button and the 1966 version of "Summer Wind" by Sinatra blared over the speaker.

They sat down for dinner. The adults had a delicious French meal. Becky had baby food. During the dinner, Henry learned about Ashley. He could see that she'd been traumatized. He was especially sensitive because he'd been similarly devastated when his wife died. It had taken him years to recover. Many people had helped him. He felt an obligation to help this stranger. 

"Ashley, I'm not saying I know how you feel, but I've had my share of suffering. I was a wreck after my wife died. I was depressed and withdrawn. I drank too much, ate poorly and generally didn't take care of myself.

"You're young. You have to carry on. I understand you're here to begin the healing. I'm no doctor, but I've seen many studies that show that exercise can help the mind as well as the body. Tricia mentioned you ran 5k's. I coached a high school track team for over twenty years. I run on the beach every morning. Why don't you join me?"

Ashley hesitated. Tricia said, "Exercise does many good things. It increases blood flow to the brain. It causes endorphins, the body's very own natural antidepressant, to be released. What do you have to lose? Maybe that ten pounds that's annoying you."

"More like twenty," Ashley whined. "Sure. Thank you. Let's do it."

Henry objected. "Ashley, twenty is too much. You're a beautiful woman who needs just a little firming and toning."

His words made Ashley feel better. She and Henry did the dishes. Tricia put Becky to bed. She brought Alfred out on the deck to breastfeed him. The other adults were enjoying the warm evening, the bright stars and another gin and tonic.

Tricia said, "At times, I feel like a cow. Alfred needs to be fed 10-12 times a day. Is it okay if I do it out here? I spend some much time with the baby and a three-year-old, I'd like to be around some adults."

They instantly agreed. Henry and Ashley were sharing the wicker sofa. Tricia walked up to her uncle and held out the baby. She said, "Can you hold Alfred for a second?"

He took him, smiled and said, "Hello, handsome."

Tricia reached under her shirt and pulled down the nipple flap on her nursing bra. She said, "Cripes! It's warm and humid out here. If I feed him under my top I'll be sweating like a whore in church on Easter Sunday and the baby will overheat too."

She quickly threw off her top, unhooked her bra and dropped them both on the deck. Her guest and uncle stared at her heavy, engorged breasts. They saw her outrageously large and hard nipples. Neither looked away. They were memorized by the sight. Tricia was proud on her rack and enjoyed displaying it.

"Give him to me."

She took her baby, sat opposite the adults and breastfeed him. She happily joined in an adult conversation. They talked about sports, current events, and music. Tricia did her best, but she was only able to give a weak defense for 1980's music. Sure she could tout Whitney Houston, but it was hard to make the case that Wham! was an epic talent.

When Alfred stopped feeding, Tricia put him on her shoulder and said, "Ashley, I'm glad I met you. Tomorrow, the kids and I are headed home. Dave will be returning from his West coast trip. Can you keep an eye on Henry?" 

Tricia smiled. She was pleased with herself and her gambit of reverse psychology. She'd asked her uncle to help Ashley. She hoped she could ensure they interacted by gaining Ash's commitment.

"Sure," Ashley replied.

Tricia burped her baby and said, "I need to air out my nipples and then I promise I'll cover up. Sorry guys, for being such an exhibitionist."

Henry said as he studied her large breasts. "You're just a mom feeding her child in a way that's practical and comfortable for both of you."

The words both of them spoke were true, but everyone knew Tricia was taking it further than necessary. She was an exhibitionist. She didn't need to air dry her nipples in front of an audience.

Henry was surprised to find that his dick was growing thick. He hadn't been with a woman or lusted for one for years. The fact that his erection was caused by viewing his niece's tits disturbed him.

Ashley said, "It's getting late. It's time for me to head home. Henry, what time should I meet you for our run?"

"Does 7 o'clock work for you?"

"See you then. Good night."

Henry walked her to the door. He returned to the deck where Tricia sat bare breasted on the sofa. His grandson was asleep lying next to her. She was resting and looking at the night sky. Henry too looked at the stars, but his eyes kept drifting back to her breasts.

"Stop it!" he commanded himself to no avail. He knew he couldn't stop looking so he decided to remove himself. He feigned a yawn and said, "I'm headed to bed. How about you?"

"Soon."

She grinned sheepishly and glanced down at her breasts. This triggered him to look as well. She said, "I should air them out for a few more minutes."

She stood and said, "Let me give you a hug now in case I miss you in the morning."

She hugged him in a loving manner, long and hard. She giggled because she felt something long and hard pressing against her stomach. She thought, "Sometimes I forget he's a man".

"Crap!" he thought. "She knows I have an erection. She probably thinks I'm a pervert". He attempted to disengage. She wouldn't let him.

She ignored his erection and squeezed him tight. She said, "I love you. Thanks for having us over. Becky and I had a great time. Alfred did some good eating and sleeping."

She lifted her head off his shoulder and said, "Ashley is damaged. You've always been good with broken kids. You helped a lot of troubled high schoolers. Why don't you make healing her your project for the next 4 weeks? Get her back on track."
