 Although my passions are ignited by and with older men, it was a younger man who would someday be an older gentlemen that led me to make an exception. Clearly he sought and needed the experience that an older woman could provide him. This story couldn't have found a voice without him.

LovelyLadyFaire ... in concert with RKK ... welcome you into their world of lust and seduction. We give you "Summer Vacation" ... a story of the coming of age ... and ageless passion.

Layla and RKK ... for your pleasure.

Turning down my street I'm headed home for a summer vacation alone as my parents are off on a cross country trip in our motor home and will be gone most of the season. 

My mind is bursting with copious, thought provoking, pleasurable images of girls, booze and sex. The fortuitous circumstances leaving me virtually at liberty assure me that there won't be anyone around telling me you can't do this and shouldn't do that. I'm experiencing a young man's sexual freedom and awakening, perhaps my fantasy will actually become my reality?

I'm already semi-hard just from the scenes my mischievous kinky mind is focused on. Erotic, sensual scenarios of pure naughty unadulterated sex are streaming at warp speed. As if the powers that be were stealing into my thoughts pulling into the driveway I spot Ms. L out on her front porch sprucing up the area looking like a million. I don't recall a time when she didn't look put together. I'm confident that Ms. L purposely dresses to show off her lovely curvy figure, a sensuous inviting body which has long been a fantasy of mine to fuck.

Ms. L has always been so kind & friendly to me. I still have memories that take me back in time as a boy and young man when I began to fantasize about her. Ms. L became my primary masturbation girl. It was a normal progression since I stole every opportunity to sneak a peek down the front of her top when she bent over offering me an unobstructed view of her full breasts, or on special occasions, up her skirts which would send me off to enjoy spewing a major load of cum or a couple of loads.

As I grew up she would ask me to perform chores for her in and out of the house. I really looked forward to those in house opportunities. There were many times she'd leave me alone which gave me time to snoop in her bedroom. Opening the door, the first time, I was mesmerized.

The walls were a soft creamy white, looked like melted vanilla ice cream. On the floor the carpet was plush, deep forest green, my feet disappeared into its lush suppleness. In the middle of the room was a burgundy chaise lounge. I could imagine her lying on it naked, allowing her hands to roam leisurely over her body, fingertips feeling every curve, every nuance. Her bed was huge and dressed in creamy cotton edged in lace. There were several pillows perched against the deep dark carved wood that framed the bed. Each one was a different fabric, all lace edged and indulgent. A quilt, pulled down and folded over looked like a soft cloud that would caress her body. Around the room there were touches of burgundy and flowers that carried an intoxicating scent through the air. French doors opened into her garden. The night darkness would allow moonlight to stream through them and shimmer against her skin.

My eyes settled on her dressing table. It was laden with crystal bottles of her perfume. I picked several up and drank in her fragrance. A black lace bra hung over the back of her chair. I closed my eyes and pictured the sheer cups holding her luscious breasts, her nipples erect and stiff against the see through fabric begging to be tweaked and teased.

A chest of drawers was calling to me. I had to open each one and in them I found a treasure trove of erotica. Imagine my excitement when I realized she definitely had a lingerie collection that a porn star would love. I found her cache of sex toys, a complete collection of every imaginable device. There were tantalizing magazines, provocative videos and the grand prize was finding a very sexy, sheer pair of her black panties which I swooned over inhaling the sweet musky aroma of her hot wet pussy.

Picking them up, running my fingertips over the part that I knew touched her moist lips sent me into an orbit of fevered masturbation spewing multiple loads of cum onto the very spot that still held her scent. There was absolutely no way I could leave them there. I slipped them into my pocket hoping she wouldn't realize they were missing and at the same time wondering if she would know I took them? I so looked forward to those times which I was able to repeat on more than a few occasions when I'd find yet another dampened pair of panties for inspiration.

Just thinking of those past erotic memories has my cock rock hard and prominently outlining the zipper on my shorts. Looking up I go into panic mode. There she is walking over to welcome me home. Damn I sure hope she doesn't give me one of those body groping hugs which she's so prone to do. Christ, she looks so fucking hot and sexy in her body hugging outfit, so damn fuckable.

"Richard... welcome home." Her voice is intoxicating. I feel my body tighten and begin to want nothing more than to touch her.

I realized I had to get out of the car and I couldn't hide the raging hard on that was already causing a deep aching in my balls. I quickly grabbed my jacket and once out I held it close to me.

"Hi Ms. L great to see you again." Nice hell, it was great to see her.

Just as I thought, she was pressed up against me and hugging me before I could move. Her creamy soft arms encircled me and pulled me tight into her. Those breasts that I'd dreamed about were crushed against my chest causing my stiff cock to pulse and throb. When I felt her lips against my cheek, softly kissing me, I swear I don't know how I managed not to cum.

"Baby/ don't you think it's time to call me Layla?"

I felt the heat rising in my face and knew I was blushing like a school boy.

"Layla, how are you?"

"I'm wonderful as always. Your parents told me you were coming home today. You have the place to yourself the whole summer from what your parents told me about their trip. I'm sure your tired from the drive so I'll let you go. I wondered if you'd like to come over for dinner this evening? I'm quite sure your mother left the house well stocked for you but I thought it would be nice to catch up and get re-acquainted. If you already have plans, we can do it anytime that your free?"

Dinner? How about I want to fuck the hell out of you.

"Well sure, that would be great. I'm going to bring my things in and get settled. What time should I come over?"

Come over? How about how many times I would love to make you cum? My mind was racing and my balls were screaming at me. I looked at her and felt my heart pounding. Damn she smelled good enough to eat and that's exactly what I wanted to do. Let me spread your soft lips open and lap your wet pussy, suck your clit and hear you moan. If she only knew what I was thinking I wonder if she'd still want me for dinner?

"That's great, you get settled, maybe take a nap after your long drive and come by say about seven. It's nice and cool then and there should be a nice breeze."

"Can I bring anything?" I'll bring a hard cock and a wicked stiff tongue. My mind was sprinting, picturing her in black lace.

"How about you bring a bottle of wine, you're a man now, old enough to enjoy a glass of wine with me. So off you go and I'll see at seven."

Layla hugged me close and whispered in my ear. "Nice to have you back Richard."

I watched her walk away and couldn't take my eyes off her. Her body is supple, all the curves in all the right places. The tops of her thighs were barely covered by the body-hugging shorts she was wearing. I felt those thighs wrapped around my head. There was nothing I wanted more than her thighs gripping me as I fucked her deep and hard, listening to her squeal and moan.

I had to get inside and either take care of this aching in my groin or calm down. As I was walking to the house I looked back in time to see her bend over to pick something up. I stared at those shorts as they rode up her creamy thighs and exposed the fullness of her cheeks. That was one ass I wanted to fuck.

Watching her walk back to her house with that awesome ass of hers swaying innocently I suspect, as if an invitation to cum plunder, kiss, suck and fuck her sweet hot redbud has my cock once again jumping in my jockeys. It's a wonder I don't have a large wet spot on my shorts which really would have been embarrassing. Undoubtedly she would have an idea of my intentions and expectations letting her know just what I'm thinking about. Seems that lately she's all I think about.

I took my time emptying the car hoping she'd come out again and I'd get yet another chance to take her in. It was only quarter passed four, I had almost three hours to kill. Managing to somehow focus on putting my things away my thoughts constantly running wild. I again checked the time and it was only 4:30PM. Maybe if I lay down I can calm down, not likely.

My mind is streaming in high gear as I try to rest but all I can think about is my sexy neighbor and fucking her till those green eyes roll back in her head. I'm so tempted to spew a hot load of my pent-up cum but I'm using an amazing amount of self-control. I refrain as I wonder if there's the slightest chance in the world that I could actually give her a royal fucking that she wouldn't likely ever forget.

I heard a car pull into her drive and had to see who it was. A tall older man stepped out and walked to her door ringing the bell and waiting for her to answer. Within a few agonizing seconds Layla opened the door. I stood there looking at her and realized just how sweet she is. I strained to hear the conversation.

"Hi Layla, I hope I didn't get you at a bad time?

With a smile and a gesture of her head she told him that it was no imposition at all and stepped aside welcoming him into her home. Who was this guy?

I stood there and tried to see through the curtains but couldn't see a damn thing. I was suddenly feeling pangs of jealousy. I didn't want anyone looking at her. There he was in that house with her and without question staring at those tits and probably wondering how it would feel to be buried inside that pussy feeling her tighten around his cock as she reached the point of orgasm. I wonder if she moans or squeals in delight? Maybe she pants because she loses her breath when she cums?

There wasn't any way for me to know what the hell was happening when the door opened once again and the guy was heading to his car. I looked at her standing there in the doorway smiling and couldn't think of anything else but how it would feel to look down at her, mouth full of my rigid stiff cock, her lips pursed and sucking. Would she be smiling then? She was still wearing those fucking shorts and I swear I could see the outline of her full lips between her thighs. I could only imagine what it would taste like, that sweet pussy all wet and warm. Her door closed and I decided to get myself cleaned up and kill some time.

As I shower and get ready for the evening, I can't help but wonder what will actually happen tonight, if all my lustful thoughts could ever manifest themselves in real life? How could I broach the subject of wanting to fuck her so badly without insulting her, or worse, pissing her off? I don't know but there's definitely a fire burning in her lovely eyes and I could distinctly see that her prominent tits were pointing straight out like sweet nuts beckoning to be tasted. I wonder if she's going to be wearing any of her sexy erotic come fuck me lingerie as that's how I'd like her to serve dessert. Layla sitting on my face as I dive into her hot sweet musky pussy is all the dessert that I want and desire.

I was dressed and ready to go. I remembered that she likes Shiraz so I pull a bottle out of the wine rack, thinking to myself "thanks Dad" your son is about to fuck the next door neighbor. I had to smile to myself. On more than one occasion I saw my father giving Layla the once over. I had no reason to think that most men would fantasize about this woman. 

With wine in hand I walked out and over to Layla's. The house was actually dark, I thought dammit, she forgot I was coming over, then realized just how ridiculous that was. I knocked on her door with my imagination working overtime wondering if she's truly a woman looking for some hot hard sweaty sex. Maybe she'll be wearing one of the lingerie outfits that I imagined her in? Jeez, my thoughts were running rampant and out of control.

When she opened the door all I could do was stare. The lady looked incredible. Her dark auburn hair was loosely hanging across bare shoulders. Her deep green eyes sparkled and I could smell her perfume, light and spicy. This woman put a new meaning to good enough to eat.

"Hi Richard, right on time, come in. I see you brought a bottle of wine, how about we open it and catch up on what's been happening with you?"

Hell yes I was on time.

Layla stepped back and I walked through the door hoping I wouldn't be walking out again until I had this woman begging me to fuck her over and over.

"You look very nice Layla; my favorite color is blue." God, she looked fantastic not just good.

Layla was wearing a shimmering flowing dress that draped across her shoulders and hugged every inch of her body. Deep sapphire blue against those eyes and that hair would have made a dead man cum. I watched her move, she was graceful and quiet. There was nothing that was out of place. The dress fell just above her ankles and she was barefoot. When she moved it clung to her like a glove allowing me to see the cheeks of her ass and the fullness of those tits.

"Thank you Richard, you look quite handsome yourself. You've certainly grown into a man over the year. I might not have recognized you if I didn't see you get out of your car. Come in, I thought we'd eat on the terrace, it's such a beautiful night."

I followed behind her like a puppy dog waiting to be patted. Behind her, I would give anything to be behind her plowing into her.

We walked through the living room and she had candles burning everywhere. There wasn't a single light on and I thought how erotic she must look, her body drenched in sweat, steamy and flushed. silhouetted in glowing hot candle light after being furiously and ferociously fucked hard?

"Here let me open this, have a seat and get comfortable, it's just you and me so no need to stand on ceremony."

Trust me Layla, I know it's just you and me. What would she say if I told her that's all I've been thinking about for the last few hours?

"I've been thinking about just that very thing for several hours." I saw her smile, of course she knew.

I stared at her hands, soft and confident as she opened the wine and poured it into shimmering glasses. I wanted those hands, her fingers gripping my cock, stroking it up and down while her tongue licked and sucked me.

"What have you been thinking about Richard?"

I've been thinking about fucking you. I've been fixated on your tits. I've been imagining what you taste like. I've been wondering how tight your sweet ass is and if I can make you scream?

"Oh, just what you said about it being just you and me, no need for ceremony." Yeah, right I've been thinking about no need for anything but fucking the hell out of you.

Her back was towards me and I watched her moving. Layla was curvaceous, you might say voluptuous and you'd be right. I could feel her body seriously writhing on mine in the throes of a mind blowing fuck.

"Here you go baby, let's toast to a fabulous summer together."

Are we spending the summer together? Was she telling me what I wanted to hear?

Layla walked slowly to me, smiling and licking her lips. Her eyes were on fire and her nipples were hard, straining against the thin fabric of her dress.

"Here you are Richard." Take the glass fool and get it together.

I wanted to rip that dress right off and throw her on the ground, bury my still throbbing cock deep in her wet warm pussy and fuck her, long and hard, an unrelenting battering of pussy and raging, ramming cock.

When she bent down and kissed me, her tongue wet, slipping between my lips, searching for my tongue, finding it, sucking it gently, I could feel the front of my slacks warm against my thigh, cum soaked, cum was oozing from my cock.

"No need for ceremony baby, we both know what we want, don't we? You want to fuck me, and I want you to. We have all night and the entire summer together. I'll chase the boy in you away tonight, you'll see the sun rise as a man."

To say that she caught me by complete surprise is an understatement of gigantic proportions. Here was my long time masturbation goddess, her tongue dueling with mine as the passions within both of us seemed to ignite. Hearing her breathlessly murmur the words of us fucking the summer away was just throwing gas onto an already blazing fire as my cock stretched another inch at least.

As our tongues sparred, our mouths engaged in fever pitched kissing, licking and sucking face, ear lobes, and I found her neck. How often did I imagine my mouth on that neck? I pulled her gently onto my lap so I could explore some of her awesome curves, this woman's body that I'd dreamed of for so long. The feel of her lush breasts filling my hands as our mews and moans of erotic pleasure filled the air was surreal for this young man.

Our hands roaming over each others bodies, aching to feel, caress and exploit. My desires for orgasmic pleasures are just too compelling to continue a lot of foreplay. I reached for the hem of her dress. My hand slowly inching up her legs seeking her hot wetness to feel and of course taste as she bites my lips. Mewing in her sexiest voice I heard the words I'd never thought she'd utter.

"Yes Richard ... yes ... I belong to you now."

This creature belonged to me? Did I actually hear her say that? Layla had a mind of her own I was soon to realize.

"You want me, you want to feel every inch of me, taste every secret place you've only thought about. You'll have me and I'll be at your beck and call... but... tonight... I take the lead."

Looking into her eyes I knew there was no point in my trying to change her mind, not by touching, feeling, teasing or for that matter protesting. To say that all I wanted to do was throw her down and fuck the hell out of her would be diminishing the reality of the current path she was obviously determined to follow. There was no question that she wanted control and I wasn't about to even attempt to try and take it away from her. I'd have to be crazy to even entertain the idea.

Layla pulled herself out of my arms and stood up offering her hand. I could easily refuse to be led, get up and walk out. Who the hell was I kidding? I wanted her, she knew it. I took her hand and she turned and walked towards her bedroom, a den of sexual depravity I was more than willing to enter.

The room was barely lit; a small candle was burning on the bedside table. Layla walked to the far side of the room and turned on a lamp that veiled the room in a soft amber glow. Her skin was glistening in the radiance as she walked towards me and stopped just short of the bed.

"Lie down Richard." I began to unbutton my shirt and she said "just as you are." She wasn't kidding, she was as dominant as I could have believed she would be, taking total and complete control.

My head was spinning. I couldn't think of anything but ramming my throbbing cock into her wet pussy and fucking her like a dog humping a bitch in season.

"Much like a spirited chess match we each have a strategy that we believe gives us the advantage. You sweet Richard want to fuck me, and I want you to. Play this round by my rules and I can promise you that by morning you'll have become a Grand Master."
