 Sweat dripped off of Ken's nose as he drove the combine through the wheat. He was high up on one of the giant sloping hills that formed the Palouse. This was southeastern Washington wheat country. Farms here were measured in tens of thousands of acres. Ken was working his father's farm which totaled eighty thousand acres. He was flanked by ten combines all busily harvesting wheat. The sun beat down relentlessly and the cab of the combine was oven hot. The dust kicked up by the harvesters seemed to find its way into everything. By the end of the fourteen hour day, Ken was caked in the mud that formed from his sweat and the dust.

He drove the combine to the parking area and got out, heading for his pickup. "Hey there buddy!" yelled Larry, one of the other combine operators, "How about we go have a beer."

"Not tonight," Ken replied. "I've got to get his dirt off me. I'll see ya tomorrow."

He jumped in his truck and drove out of the field. He had a room at his dad's house over the garage. He parked in the driveway and sprinted up the steps, quickly shedding his clothes, he jumped into the shower. The water was cold. He didn't care; at least it was wet and was washing the days work from his lithe body. After half an hour of careful scrubbing he was ready for a nap. He had to be in the field at four in the morning.

He was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.

The days plodded on. Ken had no days off. The wheat was ready and it wouldn't wait. Finally, three weeks later it was over. 

"Dad, you've got to air condition those combines. We're dying out there. I damned near fainted twenty times this harvest."

Ken's father was one of those old tough guys that you read about but seldom see. "Don't be a pussy Ken. It's always been hot in those rigs."

"Yeah but now with the enclosed cabs it's like operating an oven. Someone's gonna get hurt. Then what happens to your insurance? In the long run, it'll save you money."

"Hmmm, I hadn't thought about that. Maybe we'll fix it this winter."

'That's great dad. I'm going to see Mary Beth."

"Have a good time son."

Mary Beth Richards was also from a farming family. She lived ten miles from Ken Peter's farm. Her father only owned five thousand acres but he leased another ten thousand. Ken drove into the yard. Mary Beth had seen him coming and was waiting for him at the door. She jumped off the porch and into his arms almost knocking him over. "Ken honey!!" she squealed excitedly. "It's been way too long."

"We just finished up yesterday," Ken explained. He kissed her full on the lips as they walked into the house.

"Daddy's finishing up tomorrow. Mama's in town buying groceries. What can we do to amuse ourselves?" she asked with a wicked gleam in her eyes.

They sat on the couch. Mary Beth was on his lap. She could feel his growing erection on her bottom. She smiled at him and wiggled.

"Very cute!" Ken exclaimed. "What are you trying to do to me?"

"Who me? I'm not the one with the extra hard weeny poking someone's butt."

"If you don't stop wiggling, it'll be poking more than your butt!"

"Oh yeah? Show me," she challenged.

Ken wrapped his big, strong arms around her and squeezed. His hands ran up and down her back as she started to writhe, anticipating the pleasure that was to come. He rolled her over on the couch and unbuttoned her blouse. "Hmm, no bra, huh? Who were you expecting?"

"You're not very bright, are you? Who is lying on top of me? Who has the hardon? Who is getting ready to do evil things to my nubile young body? It ain't the mailman! Stop screwing around and suck my nipples!"

Ken removed her blouse and rubbed her ample tits. He poked one nipple after another into his mouth and sucked hard on them. "Mary Beth, I'm not exactly comfortable out here in the living room. What if your mama or daddy came in unexpectedly?"

"You're right sweetheart. Follow me!" She led him upstairs to her secluded room. It was the only room on the second floor and it was huge. She had her own bathroom and a kitchenette. In the middle of the room was a huge four-poster bed. She plopped down on the edge of the bed. "Now, where were we?"

"If I remember right, I was sucking your tits and getting ready to take off your dress."

"I believe you are right! Here, let me help you." She unzipped the dress and let it fall to the floor. All she had on was a pair of panties. 

Ken grabbed her hips and mashed his nose into her silk clad pussy. "Mmmmm, you must have gotten excited somehow. I smell pussy juice."

"That's right Snoopy. And I've got a lot more of it stored up for you."

"Let's not let it get stale," he commented as he pulled her panties off.

"Hey, no fair! You've still got all your clothes on!"

"That's not my fault. It's your fault. You have been negligent in your duties. Hop to it and denude me immediately!"

"Yes sir," she agreed, fumbling with his belt buckle and zipper. She stripped off his jeans and shorts. She took off his boots and then his shirt. "Now, that's more like it!" she mumbled. She pulled him onto her and hugged him fiercely. She felt his cock jerking between her legs. She rubbed it and scooped up some precum. "Yum," she said as she licked her fingers.

Ken's cock slid easily into her hungry pussy. He held still in her, savoring the feel of her wet, tight snatch. "When are you going to marry me?" he asked.

"Oh my God!! Did you just ask me to marry you?" she squealed with delight. "I've been waiting for years for you to say something! I'll marry you as soon as I can. Fuck me hard and make a baby for us. I don't want to wait."

As he started stroking into her he said, "I was gonna cum in you anyhow just in case you said no. I love you Mary Beth."

"Oh God! I love you too. Now let's get on with it. Do me hard."

She returned his expression of love thrust for thrust. There was no way to feel better than this. Her man was on top of her trying to shoot a child into her. Her pussy was throbbing. Her mind was throbbing. Her world was settling into the kind of order she craved. She felt his cock sliding in and out. "Uh...Uh...Uh...Uh" she grunted in time with his pumping. 

He felt her pussy gripping his dick. Her magical cunt muscles were milking him, begging for his sperm. Both of them were sweating. His nuts retracted and he felt that good, good feeling way down in his center. "Is your egg ready?" he grunted.

"Yup, gimme that sperm!" she cried and started her orgasm.

When he felt her tighten hard on his cock he lost control. His body stiffened. He was close to blacking out. He slammed his dick into her as far as it would go. "Aaaaahhhhh!" He pumped his juice into her in several massive squirts.

She felt him cumming in her and she greedily accepted it all. "Don't pull out! I want as much in me as can keep! Pump more in me if you can. I want a belly full of your sweet cum sloshing around in me!"

He lay on top of her with his dick still inserted. It was now at half staff, but would stay semi hard for a while. He could feel her incredible pussy pulsing around him, demanding more. His cock started to stiffen again and he stroked into her faster and faster.

"Damn! I'm gonna marry super man!" she squealed. "Gimme, gimme, gimme!"

Ken couldn't believe that he was ready to go that fast, but her wasn't complaining. He hadn't had any of her sweet pussy for a month and a half. He drove into her again but not with the same sense of urgency as the first time. He felt her hips grind against his pubes as she tried to milk more of the love potion from him. It worked, and soon he was shooting into her again. This time his cock deflated almost immediately but he kept the stub pressed against her cunt to prevent leakage. Finally sated and totally satisfied, he rolled over beside her.

She hugged him tightly. "The great thing about this is, if you didn't impregnate me, we've got all winter to practice. I want you so bad. How did I ever make it without you?"

"You mean for the first twenty years of your life or the first twenty years of mine?"

"Both, smarty pants. We've got to get dressed. Mama will be back from town soon. I can hardly wait to tell her!"

"What, exactly are you going to tell her?"

"I'm going to tell her that I'm getting married and I am working on our first baby already!"

"Is that a good idea? What will she say? What will your daddy think?"

"Don't be silly. They didn't just fall off the punkin truck! Mama asked me two months ago if I was pregnant yet. Daddy asked when his first grandchild would get here. They already know we've been screwing each other to death. Relax."

Ken fished around in his pocket and pulled out the little ring box. "Here you go!" he said as he presented it to her.

Inside was an engagement ring. She put it on her finger. "I'm gonna fuck you again and again! How long have you had this?"

"I bought it last winter when I was sure you were the one."

"Last winter? And you're just now asking me, you skunk?"

"Well, yeah, you know how I hate to rush into anything."

"Yeah, anything but my panties! This ring must have cost a fortune. Where did you get the money?"

"I've been saving my farm bonuses since I was fourteen. That's when I first suspected you might be my wife someday."

"Fourteen? Six years? You've been saving six years?"

"Well yeah, I figured if you said no and kicked me out, I could always go buy a Corvette and become a playboy!"

"Oh, ha ha, ha! Very funny. Ken the playboy. That'll be the day!"

Ken wrapped his leathery arms around Mary and squeezed her tight. "Do you have any idea how much I love you?"

"I'm beginning to get an inkling. I've been in love with you for a long time too. I just want to be the best wife and lover you could possibly get."

"Well, you're certainly the best lover. I'll give you fifty years or so to work on the 'best wife' part."

"I had about given up on this summer. I thought I'd have the blues again. My future hubby rescued me." She kissed him sweetly and they went downstairs to wait for mama.