 Something causes me to drift up out of a deep sleep. My eyes flutter open. Enough moonlight is coming through the bedroom window to faintly illuminate him kneeling beside me on the bed. I am not sure what his intentions are. I know that sometimes he just likes to watch me sleep.

He studies me for a long moment and then reaches over to grasp the waistband of my panties. He pulls them gently down. I raise my hips to make his task easier. He slips the lacy garment off my feet and drops it to the floor. Now I know what he has in mind, but I do not yet know how it is going to unfold.

Occasionally, if his need is great, he enters me immediately. He is well endowed. Once, when we were just beginning to have sex, I playfully measured the size of his cock with a tailor's tape. Fully erect, it is about eight inches long with a circumference of seven inches on the dot.

Circumference doesn't mean much to me but diameter I understand; I can check it out with a thumb and forefinger. Math was not my best subject, so he informed me that the diameter that had my attention is a shade over two-and-one-quarter inches; something to do with a number called pi. The ladies magazines told me his size is well above average. I have little basis for comparison. My only other lover was a long time ago in college and I do not recall him being exceptional in any way.

If he enters me now, he will use a lubricant and proceed very slowly. When he was a little younger and a little less patient, he once entered me too roughly. It scared me and it hurt. I recoiled and yelped in his ear, getting his attention. He has been gentle with me ever since.

He moves down toward the foot of the bed. His intentions are now becoming more apparent. He parts my legs. I pull my knees back, plant my feet firmly on the bedding, and open my legs wider to allow him better access.

He slowly lowers his face and begins to kiss the insides of my thighs, pausing now and then to brush his lips through my fur without touching any skin. I feel an ember starting to glow deep inside me. I know that before he is finished, the ember will become a little flame, then a small fire, then a conflagration, and finally a raging inferno of lust. Later, a tsunami will wash over me to extinguish the flames and send me spinning off into orgasmic freefall.

He avoids direct contact with my pussy long enough for me to start feeling frustrated. I rock my pelvis up into his face, telling him I want more. He ignores me. Soon I am vocalizing my need, whimpering softly.

Just when I am about to lose my mind, he parts me with his fingers and runs his tongue briefly up between the lips of my pussy and around my clitoris, dipping back down to taste my nectar. Involuntarily, I thrust upward against his tongue and cry out sharply.

Pleased with my response, he continues manipulating me with his tongue but carefully avoids direct contact with the most sensitive part of my body. I become more vocal as my arousal grows. The ember has become a small flame and I know I am going to have an orgasm tonight, perhaps more than one.

The same ladies magazines that enlightened me about the size of his cock also taught me that I am a fortunate woman in another respect. Nine out of ten times when we have sex, I reach a climax. About half those encounters produce a second. Occasionally, there is a third.

He pushes his tongue more deeply into me, lapping up my dew. I shudder with pleasure. Once again pleased with his effect on me, he shifts his attention to my clit, now swirling his tongue round and round its base. Soon I am crying out continuously as my arousal ramps upward. The fire is burning brightly. I know I am going to cum soon.

I am getting close now. He senses this and eases the pressure on my clit. I start rocking my pussy hard against his face, telling him not to slow down. Once again he ignores my demands and holds me just below the threshold of what I know will be a crushing orgasm if I can just get him to push me over the edge.

Finally, he relents and gently sucks my clit into his mouth so he can hold it firmly between his lips and manipulate its most sensitive part with rapid tongue movements. The inferno roars.

I am lost now. I go over the top with a muffled scream as I clamp both hands over my mouth. It is summer. Our window is open and I do not want to share my ecstasy with the neighbors.

He knows my body well so he eases off, continuing to gently lick my pussy, allowing me to come down slowly. I have trouble getting my breathing under control.

Finally, I can breathe normally again and I have drifted off into some sort of post-orgasmic coma. I know he is going to fuck me. I hope he does it soon.

I do not have long to wait. I feel him kneel between my thighs, his excitement palpable in the fragrant nighttime air. 'Fuck me,' I think but I do not say it out loud. I know he will enter me only when he is ready.

He reaches out to release the buttons of my nightshirt, baring my breasts. He leans forward and takes a nipple into his mouth and rolls it around with his tongue. A tingle starts in my belly. He transfers his attention my other nipple. I moan softly. He releases my breasts and leans back.

He rearranges my legs slightly to suit his intent. Then I feel the tip of his cock sliding up and down between the lips of my pussy as though searching for something. He knows precisely where the entrance is but he is playing with me. We both enjoy what he is doing.

After an eternity he begins to slowly ease the tip into me, and then a little more. I am ready for him and he knows it. I rock my hips upward to encourage him. It works.

He is all the way inside me now. I am completely filled up, stretched nearly to my physical limits. It is a glorious feeling. He leans forward to gather me into his arms. I slide my hands around to his back, holding on to him for the ride that will soon begin.

He begins to move. I lie still though I know I will be counterthrusting against him in a little while.

I do not yet know if I will have a second orgasm, but I revel in the sensation of being fucked as he establishes a rhythm that will let me know the answer soon enough.

The metronomic precision of his thrusting begins to take its toll and I respond with small sounds of pleasure and begin to rock my hips to match his movements. He is encouraged and begins to move faster. I cry out, now certain of where I am heading.

He senses that I'm on my way and increases speed once more. His face is buried in my hair, his cheek against the side of my neck. I clutch him tightly.

He makes no more changes in speed or force. He has me where he wants me. We both know I am going to cum soon.

I grind my clit into the base of his cock each time it plunges into me. I know it will all end in a few seconds.

I begin to quiver all over. I bury my face in his shoulder to muffle the screams that I cannot control. He hurls me over the edge.

He slows his pace. I am vaguely aware that I did not feel the usual violent pulsing contractions when he ejaculates. I realize he is not yet finished with me and I am thrilled. If he can hold it together a little while longer, I will have another orgasm.

"Fuck me," I whisper into his ear, "very hard." They are the only words that will be spoken before dawn.

He obeys my command with such force that it shocks me a little, even after all these years. He rams sharply into me, his balls striking me in the ass at the end of each stroke.

I draw my legs back along his flanks and surrender completely to the pounding rhythm he has chosen. My feet are off the mattress so I cannot counterthrust effectively. It is not necessary. He will make me cum within seconds.

My vaginal contractions begin, clenching the huge cock that is hammering into me. I throw my head back against the pillow and arch my back. My body trembles all over. I nearly faint as I feel the great surges of cum that he pumps into me. From far, far away I hear a woman wail loudly as a man releases a primal roar. Whoever they are, they had better be quiet or they will wake the neighbors.

He remains on top of me, his body trembling with effort to support enough weight so that I am not crushed. Our breathing slowly returns to normal.

Finally, he withdraws and rolls over to lie at my side. I am so dilated from his cock that I briefly feel cool night air inside my pussy before it slowly returns to normal size.

He gathers me into his arms and sucks a nipple into his mouth, once again rolling it around gently with his tongue. I pull his head tightly against my breast.

This is just afterplay. Nothing more will happen tonight. But tomorrow is Saturday. Maybe I will ask him for a replay in the afternoon.

We slowly drift off to sleep, secure in each other's arms.

*****

I encourage readers to vote and comment. Constructive thoughts, suggestions, and criticisms are always appreciated.