 This is a first effort, first time trying to share a story. I am looking for polite feedback, which is one thing I love about the Literotica community, so don't be a dick and ruin it for everyone. Here goes...

*****

Pump, breathe, pump, breathe, pump, breathe, pump... pushing his silver Schwinn up and over another hill in the sweltering heat of an Arizona day, Jeff just wished the summer could be over. The effort of cycling to his job at a Phoenix call center for a hotel chain might kill him one of these days when it got to 115 degrees. But once he got there the work was easy. Jeff would get inbound calls from people all over the country who needed a place to stay. Sometimes they were planning their vacations well in advance. Sometimes they realized that they were too tired or the weather was too rough and they just needed to find a place to hole up for the night. Every once in a while, someone was trying to find a nice place to do the naked bunny hop without being noticed by their neighbors or church pastors. Of course, they never just came out and said that, but after a while it wasn't too hard to read between the lines, when they were looking for something about thirty miles outside a city... in any direction. 

As a bright eyed twenty-year-old college student from Oklahoma studying political science, Jeff had managed to make his parents very frustrated by attending a private university sponsored by a religion that they hated but his girlfriend Yvonne loved. Jeff and his parents argued all the time and he dreaded spending the summers at home. Fortunately, he had a great relationship with his widowed aunt, named Mary, and when asked she graciously said he could spend the summer in her spare room. When he arrived at the beginning of the summer she greeted him at the airport with a hug and a smile. 

She pushed back her blonde hair and put a tanned arm around his shoulders as they walked back to her SUV in the parking lot. "Kid," she said, "I couldn't swing you a spare car to get around this summer, but I found you a nice bike. Can you make that work?" 

"Sure," he answered, "that's a great start, and should keep me from getting an early heart attack, right?"

She laughed as they loaded his bags into the SUV and headed back to her little house in the desert with a spare room.

Since then, Jeff would get up in the morning, stare in the mirror at his sandy brown hair and green eyes, and remind himself that today would be worth it, for the sake of his girlfriend and their future. Then he would mount his bike and race to the local community college where he took a few summer classes. Afterward he was zipping back to his Aunt's house by noon. He'd hop in the backyard pool to cool off and sometimes Mary would make a quick sandwich for him. Then Jeff would jump back on his bike and pump those pedals over the hills into Phoenix wearing nothing but shorts, shoes, and a backpack that carried his work clothes. He'd take a quick shower and change in the small bathroom that the office building supplied. Then late in the evening after work he'd ride back home, letting the cool air wash over his body. On weekends he had a second job working all alone at a local bowling alley after it closed, cleaning into the wee small hours of the morning.

When Jeff's summertime job began there was an orientation for the ten or so people who were all hired at the same time. A place like that had a lot of turnover. While a hefty Hispanic manager droned on about the joys of working a phone, Jeff caught the eye of a gorgeous girl a few seats away. He hadn't exactly meant to even look her way, but she had asked a question which drew his attention and now he found himself entranced. She was a beautiful mocha colored young lady with pleasant curves. She looked at him and gave him a sarcastic grin and a shrug that seemed to say, "I've got this manager on a string." 

During a break Jeff went outside and found the girl sitting a break table. Faithful to his girlfriend, Jeff wasn't looking for any action, but time spent in the company of a pretty girl was always preferable to being alone, and this lovely lass with a smile promised a fun conversation. As he walked up she lit up a cigarette. 

"Hey, mind if I sit here?" Jeff asked.

"Of course, not, but you know this is the smoking area, right?" she responded.

"Sure, sure that's fine. I'm too cheap to take up smoking but unfortunately I've picked up the habit of second hand freeloading."

Laughing she said, "Well it's good to know you're saving your pennies. You're Jeff, right?"

"Since the day I was born, " he quipped back. "How did you know?"

"We're all wearing name tags, Jeff." She emphasized this fact by pushing forward her ample chest so that he could see all of her tag, which bore the name, "April." He also noticed a heart shaped tattoo hugging the curve of her breast, peeking out from behind her tight tee-shirt.

"Well so we are, April! Thank you for the reminder." They were then interrupted by a guy at the next table who wanted to know if they were interested in ride sharing. Jeff was coming from the opposite side of town and had his bike, so he resigned from the conversation. Sighing, Jeff went over to a nearby chaise chair and let the warm summer sun soak into his skin. When April got up she stretched and twisted her petite frame before stubbing out her cigarette and returning into the office. Jeff followed her inside. 

...

Over the course of the summer Jeff's skin began to bronze from his time in the pool and on his bike. What began simply as a pale and trim physique turned to the bronzed and chiseled six-foot form that was easy on the eyes. His aunt noticed and began to tease him, giving him a wolf whistle when he emerged from the pool, or asking him if he had thought about working as a male stripper on the weekends instead of a bowling alley janitor. Jeff took it in stride with a blush, but it didn't help him to not think about the joys of the opposite sex. 

Alas, Jeff's girlfriend was both miles and months away, and to be honest, Yvonne was a loving girlfriend, supportive to the end, but just not that interested in being sexy. Jeff had tried to woo her with gifts and time, with affection and romance, but while she said she had never had a better boyfriend, it never seemed to make a difference when he was trying to get past her panties. Jeff had spent many nights alone with his cock in his hand, hoping that Yvonne would suddenly realize how amazing it would be to give themselves completely to each other and be lovers. Yvonne's strong religious beliefs were part of what made her so amazing and faithful, but at times it wore on Jeff's heart. 

For better or worse, April had recently been relocated into the cubicle next to him at work. She loved to wear the minimum that office decorum allowed. There were tank tops and shorts and skirts and plunging necklines. She seemed to delight in catching him when his eyes were tracing the smooth contours of her legs, and her rich brown eyes could hold him for as long as she wanted, until she giggled and jumped on another call. It was torture. When April took a cigarette break Jeff would go with her and keep her company while he got his "secondhand fix". They would toss jokes back and forth and found a nice routine. Still, spending time with her was a kind of torture. A delicious torture, to be sure, but torture none the less. 

One night, exhausted from study and work and April's teasing, Jeff fell into bed and began to think of what being with April would be like. He imagined April cornering him in the hallway and staring deeply into his eyes. Jeff knew he could never make the first move, so he imagined her taking control and kissing him. He knew he would kiss her back, hard and passionate, pushing her back against the wall and letting his hands roam her tight little body, desperate to know every inch, every curve.

Lying in bed, Jeff's hands slipped down his front and found the fly to his boxers. He fished out his cock and began to stroke it slowly, letting it firm up in his hands. He always preferred to jerk it like this, so that the fabric of his underwear could brush against his balls while his shaft got the help it needed. In his mind he imagined April pulling him into a bathroom at work and locking the door behind them. His hands would be cupping and squeezing her ass while he kissed her, crushing her perfect tits against his chest. Their bodies would begin to writhe against each other, trying to merge in a moment. 

As Jeff stroked his cock in bed he saw April reaching into his pants and taking his cock out and tracing its length with her fingernails, then holding its rock-hard shaft in one hand she bent down and slowly took the bulbous head into her mouth. He could see how her lips would stretch around how her tongue could be the firm bed on which his dick could lie. He started to imagine how he would hold her head so that he could fuck her beautiful mouth while she knelt on the floor in front of him, taking it deeper and deeper, then shallow and popping out of mouth. That thought sent him over the edge and he came, harder than he could ever remember, sending his hot semen onto his abs and chest. He wiped up and went to sleep, wondering what his fantasies really meant.

...

The next morning, he decided to call Yvonne and reconnect with her. He knew a long-distance relationship would be difficult, but Jeff loved his girlfriend and knew that it was important to find ways to make it work. So, he grabbed his cell phone and dialed her up. Then he heard the ring go off once, twice, three times, and he was just about to hang up when the connecting click told him to stay on.

"Hello?" said an unfamiliar voice. Worse, it was an unfamiliar male voice.

"Um, hey, this is Jeff, can I talk to Yvonne?"

The guy snorted and said, "Sure thing, buddy," and then I heard him cover the phone mic with his hand. "Hey babe!" came a muffled voice, "your *boyfriend* is on the phone."

That's weird, Jeff thought. He waited. 

"Um, hi Jeff!" came the sweet bright voice of his girlfriend from a thousand miles away. "I'm so glad you called! How are you doing? Are you coming home soon? We really need to talk."

Jeff slowly responded, like he was in a dream, "About what? And who was that answering your phone?" 

"Oh, stuff, you know, and that guy is... well... he is just..." She stopped. "Oh, Jeff, I can't do this! I hate myself so much right now!" 

"Why?" Jeff asked, his voice rising, "because you have a new boyfriend, one who sleeps over and this there for you first thing in the morning? A new boyfriend that you'll actually fuck?"

"Oh jeez oh shit oh fuck," she answered, "I knew it was going to be like this!" She covered the phone for a second, "I hate you Jeff!"

"You hate me?" Jeff piped up, "Well that explains some things."

"No, not you! Um, the Jeff that's here. They guy who answered the phone? His name is Jeff."

On the other end of the line, Jeff felt his blood boil. The bright Arizona morning sunshine outside seemed to turn to sunset as his eyes became red with anger and tears. "Wait a minute, " he said, "I leave, to work my ass off here in Arizona, so we can start an amazing life after we graduate, and meanwhile you start going with another guy, behind my back, and his name is also Jeff? Yvonne, how could you do that to me? What's wrong with you?" She may have been a thousand miles away, but it was like she was right next to Jeff, slipping a dagger into his heart.

Yvonne was pleading. "I don't know! I was so lonely without you, and Jeff started helping me at church and I... but I'll break it off with him. I love you so much, I was so wrong, I'm sorry, please just forgive me. I love you."

Jeff listened to her breathing for a moment and thought. Finally, he responded, "Maybe you did. Maybe you even still do. But I'm sorry, Yvonne. I don't think I can love you anymore. I'm... done."

With a push of a red button on his cell phone Jeff saw his life end.

...

"Don't you want to have fun anymore?"

It was the second time Jeff had been asked that in two days, first by his aunt Mary, and now from April. He was getting tired of the question already.

Mary had been sunbathing with him by the pool on a Sunday afternoon. She was stretched out, face-down out in a pink bikini with the strings untied so that there would be no tan line on her back. Out of nowhere she asked him if he wanted to out with her tomorrow and celebrate his twenty-first birthday with some legal drinking. Jeff had responded from his chair with a sullen, "No thanks." She seemed frustrated by his answer, but Jeff couldn't figure out why, considering that she could go drinking whenever she wanted. That's when she asked him about his relationship with "fun". He had no answer, so he just stayed quiet. Working at the bowling alley that night made him feel like some sort of zombie, going through the motions of life with no real spark inside. He hadn't told anyone, even his aunt, about his breakup. He didn't want to talk about it. But then, Jeff didn't really want to do anything. 

Then it was Monday, his twenty-first birthday, and he was at work on the phones, helping people find a place to stay. It was a day like every other day, including April, who wore tight shorts that hugged her ass and a print shirt that showed off her creamy shoulders and deep cleavage. When April took her cigarette break Jeff went out with her as usual, but he didn't have anything to say. He stood there, leaning back against a cement wall while she lit up.

After a moment, April began to question him. "Jeff, what is wrong these days? You just seem so dull and crabby all the time, and it doesn't seem like you at all. Don't you want to have fun anymore?"" 

Jeff started to say "It's nothing" but was cut off midway when he met April's eyes. She just looked at him with those sweet brown eyes that for once were not shining with mischief, but with concern that was real.

"Well..." he started, "I... um... lost my... girlfriend 'cause she cheated on me and now my parents hate me and I'm stuck here and I'm twenty-one today, working two jobs and going to school but I don't even know what I'm going to do!" 

"Oh no!" April cried out, and without warning she jumped up and hugged Jeff hard. He felt her warm body against his and felt the compassion that had brought her there. He looked down at her while she looked up at him. Her full chest pressed against his and without thinking he started to move forward for a kiss, but she put a finger on his mouth to stop him. She looked up at him and asked, "So what are you doing for your birthday? Would you like to have dinner after work?"

Jeff thought for a moment and nodded his head and said, "Yes, ma'am. I really would."

...

That night April loaded his bike into the back of her old truck and took Jeff to a downtown bar. On a Monday night it was pretty empty, and they grabbed a booth toward the back. Jeff ordered steak for his birthday while April ordered pasta. To celebrate his last badge of adulthood they ordered a nice bottle of red wine. They ate, they drank, and they slowly relaxed with each other.

April looked at Jeff and said in a serious tone, "Jeff, I want to tell you why I'm here."

Jeff answered quickly, "I thought it was because of my broken heart and killer calves."

She laughed for a moment but quickly returned to serious tones. "Jeff, I grew up in California and had a good life. Lots of friends, a close family, and even enough money to help make things a little easier."

"So far so good," Jeff threw in.

"Shut up, Jeff, this is actually hard for me... When I was eighteen I went to college to study nursing. I thought it would be a really useful degree. I started spending time with this guy named Derek who was on the football team. We would have a lot of fun, but I was waiting to have sex when I was married. I'm not very religious, but I just thought it really mattered, you know? I think you can make sex what you want it to be, and I wanted it to be very special, and very personal, for someone that I would love forever."

Jeff wisely kept his mouth shut.

She drank some more wine, then continued, "Well this guy, who was basically my boyfriend, had just had a great game, his team had crushed the other guys, and I was waiting for him outside the locker room after it was over. Derek popped his head out and told me he needed me to come inside for just a second, and that it was really important because someone was hurt."

April finished her wine and I refilled it from the bottle. 

"Well when I came inside and got around the corner to where I could see, there were five guys in there, naked, and a towel on top of a bench. No one was hurt and I could tell what was going on and turned around to leave but Derek was right there, and he just picked me up like I was a twig and set me down on the bench. He told me it was time to celebrate, and he knew just the best way to do it."

Jeff spoke up, "April, you don't have to tell me this if you don't want to." He reached out and held her hand.

"No it's good. I need to. But it's a simple story. They got me out of my clothes, held me down, and raped me. They made me give one of them a blowjob while the other would fuck me, and they took turns. When it was done Derek told me that now I was his girlfriend for real, and that we were going to have a lot of fun together."

"Did you report him? What happened?" Jeff asked.

"No, the next morning I just quit school and left. I drove and drove and drove. I was so ashamed and felt so stupid. I got here to Arizona, where no one knows me. I had a few hundred dollars but I knew I would have to get working fast. So I got a job. I decided to strip down at the "Beaver's Inn" on 42nd street."

Jeff opened his mouth and then closed it.

"Anyway, I started working and then a month later I got another surprise. I was pregnant. But it didn't last. I didn't let it..." Tears started to flow, but April sniffed and gathered her composure. "So, that was two years ago now, and since then I've had two boyfriends. One was a jerk, but one was nice and taught me a few things about loving people again. I decided to only strip about half the time and start working a normal job, and that's where I met you. So now you're caught up. You see, I really like you, Jeff. We get along great, and I know you check me out. But you needed to know what a messed-up person I am before we go any farther." 

Jeff took his hand from April's and saw the look of resignation in her eye. But he pushed her hair back and traced the curve of her neck with his hand. He leaned over the remains of dinner and kissed the tip of her nose. She grinned and he then kissed her on lips, loving her hot breath and the trace of salty tears.

"Let's get out of here," Jeff whispered. 

April paid and they hopped into her truck and headed back to her apartment. She seemed to drive like a woman possessed, going too fast around corners and passing cars on the right and left. They made it to her place alive, though, and rushed through the door.

Jeff closed it behind him with a foot and swung April around. Their faces met in a deep kiss which seemed to last forever but was really only for moments. April found that Jeff seemed to grow an extra pair of hands as he touched every part of his body he could find, if only for a moment. Her neck, her back, her ass, her tits, her mound. He actually knelt down and started at her ankles and worked his hands up her body, surprising her by going inside her shirt and pulling it over her head with a jerk. The lust in his eyes was a living thing, and she wanted to know it better. She took his hands and walked him over to the couch nearby, pushed him down and sat on his lap. 

"turnabout is fair play, right?" she whispered in his ear. She grabbed the bottom of his shirt and began to pull it over his head, and Jeff was ready to play along, but it was her time to surprise him as she caught his hands together with the shirt still around them and held them behind his head. Pinned, Jeff wondered what she would do next. April pressed her bra-covered tits against his chest and rubbed back and forth, up and down, gyrating slightly on his groin while doing so. Jeff moaned and then his breath caught in his throat as she brought his right nipple into her mouth so that she could suck it gently. 
