 Even in the shade of the tree canopy, the air was warm and smelled of moss. Logan Mathews could see the trail restoration team spread out along the hillside. The bark walkway stretched about 30 yards in either direction from him and then turned in a sharp switchback at either end. Huge evergreens towered overhead with ferns and berries around his thighs. Logan was pulling vines and blackberries away from the trail edge, while others from the team worked on the trail above him, higher up the mountain, replacing wooden beams that lined the path.

Logan glanced up as a girl in tank top and cargo shorts walked toward him down the incline of the path. Her strawberry blond hair was swinging in a ponytail, and her breasts seem to gently match the movement beneath the white cotton. 

"Hey," he said, glancing at her bare calves and hiking boots.

"Hi," she answered, cracking a small smile. "They're done with the beams and are heading up to a higher elevation. They sent me down here to help you." 

"Sure," said Logan as he straightened up, his chest breathing heavily from the work. "What's your name?"

"Sunny," as she pulled off a work glove to shake his hand.

"Really? Wow." Logan gave her a lopsided grin and took the small hand in his. It was soft and warm, and her toned arm flexed a bit as she looked up at him.

"Yeah, I know. Parents from the 60's, blah, blah...," she said sheepishly.

"No, no...um...it's cool," giving her another smile. "I'm Logan. Is this your first restoration? I haven't seen you before."

Sunny took in his broad shoulders and trim waist under the jeans. His green eyes stood out next to the brown t-shirt that was pulling gently across his chest. "Yea, I've done the guided hikes and snowshoe trips, but I have a German Shepard I usually take and they won't let him come on the maintenance stuff. He's with my sister today though..." 

"How about I start up there and work my way toward you?" she said, motioning to the hillside 15 yards away from Logan. He nodded, staring at her intently.

Sunny turned, knowing that Logan was staring at her ass as she walked away from him. She glanced back catching his eye before reaching down to cut more vegetation. Logan couldn't resist the moment to watch her bent over, shorts riding up her thighs, as he took a drink from a Nalgene bottle. She was tan, and tight, but it surprised him how quickly his body had responded to her.

He was just about to start working again when he heard a far-away yell and an echo from splitting wood. He knew it was the team higher up the mountain, but something in the sound made him tense. Then a louder crack and the flurry of a bird as it flew up from the forest floor. Logan's body reacted before his brain did, as he dropped his shears and started toward Sunny. The hair on his neck bristled as he lunged forward. Then he saw it -- a 3 foot boulder, careening down the hill from somewhere up above, smashing branches as it gained speed. 

Sunny looked up just as Logan yelled her name and came at her in a dead run. She wasn't sure what part of him hit first, but with one arm around her shoulders and the other around her waist, he knocked her off her feet and rolled once, twice and landed to the side of the path half on top of her as the boulder whizzed by her head and continued down the hillside. Her chest heaved as she caught her breath, slowly feeling Logan's body around her...on her. One forearm was under her shoulders, a hand cradling her head. She could feel his mouth along her far cheek. A large thigh resting heavily between her legs. The inhale and exhale of his stomach moved against her ribs. Logan pushed with his other arm and rose above her, concern on his face.

"Are you ok?!" he rasped, his eyes scanning the top half of her body.

"What happ...?" as Sunny gasped and blinked still feeling the jolt of the fall with him.

"It was, uhh, a boulder from the group up above. They must have dislodged....God, the idiots." Logan stared down into her face. "I....." he struggled. "I'm sorry," as he levered up off her.

Feeling his weight leave made her gasp. Sunny stood shakily grabbing a handful of fabric on his t-shirt. "No! It's ok....Um...Thank you," she said breathing heavily.

Logan's adrenaline was still pounding. He put a hand behind her neck, his thumb along her jaw. God she was gorgeous. "It's....," he started to say. The smell of her skin with the dirt and the pine was too much for him. Logan bent forward crushing his mouth on hers. She was sweet and soft and he groaned with pleasure. 

Sunny reacted immediately, slipping a hand along his shoulder, molding her body to his, pressing her breasts into his chest. Logan's hand splayed across the small of her back, pulling her even closer. She opened her mouth slightly and he lapped at her tongue, tasting the faint scent of oranges.

Sunny was lost in his hard strength and drugging kisses. Was she dizzy from the near accident?...or the hands caressing her back, her stomach, sliding up her ribcage. 

"Ohhhh!" Sunny cried as she buckled in pain, breaking the seal on his lips. Logan's hand had risen along her left side causing her to flinch. He pulled back instantly, frowning.

"Owwww...my side," she complained and gingerly pulled at her tank top. Logan covered her hand with his and slipped the fingers of his other hand under the fabric.

"All right, wait, let me see," he offered and bent slightly at an angle for a better look.

Logan could still sense the feel of her body from pinning her beneath him. He couldn't believe he'd reached her in time, nevertheless gotten her out of the way. The boulder would have knocked them unconscious, or worse. As he lifted the shirt and cocked his head for a better look, Logan saw the gash in the soft flesh under her last rib. A shard of wood was lodged in the skin and blood had started to ooze down her side.

"Jesus. Ok, hold still," he commanded and unclipped a small fanny pack from around his waist. He pulled out a gauze pad and alcohol wipe. "Well, at least you know how to make a first impression," he quipped, which made Sunny both chuckle and wince at the sting of moving.

Logan crouched slightly wrapping an arm around her torso to brace any movement, and then without warning gently pulled the piece of branch from her side. 

"Ahhh! What are you doing!?" Sunny yelled.

It pained him to hear her cry out but he covered the wound with gauze and then held her still in his embrace, the pressure from his hand working to stop the bleeding. He could feel her shaking slightly.

"I'm sorry, darling, but I had to get that out and letting you think about it wouldn't have helped matters. Good news is it's not very deep. Let me clean it up a bit and you're good as new." 

Sunny smiled weakly as she let him work on her. His hands were large, but nimble, and although it was difficult for her to see everything he was doing, his warm fingers were soft against her skin. His palm flattened against her stomach as he pushed gently to seal the gauze bandage. He pocketed the paper wrapper waste but left his other hand on her hip, just below the wound. He was back to standing over her, thighs just brushing hers, their breath intermingling.

"Thanks. Again." Sunny said meeting his gaze. "That's twice that you've...." "Thanks," she finished as she put a hand up to his chest.

Logan could feel himself reacting again. An ache in his chest, his stomach, his loins. 

"I guess I couldn't resist," he stammered while realizing that Sunny hadn't pulled away...and hadn't stopped looking at him. Her pert little mouth was open slightly, her face still flush, and her eyes sparkling more boldly than before.

"Then don't." She countered with a little smile. That was all Logan needed to give in to her sweet request. He brought both hands up, cupping her face and kissed her firmly. Her lips were soft and moist as he brushed kisses across them. The tip of her tongue teased his upper lip as she tilted her head higher to meet his. Logan felt the rest of his body responding, his cock protesting the confinement in his jeans. He slid his tongue along hers, drawing it out and sliding it in again. She suckled on him and then nipped at his lower lip. Her hands slid around his back and caressed upward, feeling the ridge of muscles running along either side.

Logan brushed his mouth along her cheeks and her jaw as one hand slid behind her head to hold her where he wanted.

"Oh sweetheart, you're just sexy hot," he confessed, pulling her tighter but careful to avoid the bandage on her side.

Sunny pushed her hips against him moaning. She twisted slightly and drew her crotch along one of his thighs. Logan groaned, pulling at her tank, and tasting her lips again. He cupped the sides of her breasts, dragging his thumbs over her nipples as they hardened for him. She easily filled his hands, the mounds firm and pliable. He pulled his mouth from her and nuzzled under her ear, along her neck. Sunny wanted more. She drove her hands down his back and pulled up his t-shirt to slip her fingers under the waistband of his jeans. He was damp with sweat. She pulled a hand to the front and felt the hardness of his stomach and the trail of soft hair that lead to something much harder. 

"Logan..." she whispered. "I want...," trailing off.

Logan had worked the straps of her tank and bra off her shoulders and then pulled downward freeing her breasts to the air, and to his heavy lidded gaze. "God, Sunny," he moaned taking one of the large nipples in his mouth, circling it with his tongue and grazing the tip with his teeth. Sunny brought one hand up, holding a breast for him and pointing a dusky nipple right at his mouth. Sparks of pleasure rippled down his limbs and deepened the ache between his legs. His cock was so hard; he shifted trying to find some comfort.

She knew what he needed. Pulling at his waistband, she undid the button and coaxed the zipper down while pulling the denim apart. The jeans sagged on his hips, but he was still throbbing...already huge and peeking out the top of the boxers. She pulled her breast from his mouth and pushed him slightly till he felt one of the huge evergreens tree trunks behind him. Her hands pulled on the elastic of the boxers, freeing him, and she wrapped her warms fingers around his length. With his hands gripping her arms, Logan closed his eyes and gasped deeply, "Ohhhh that feels so fucking good."

Sunny pushed his jeans and boxers lower while she dropped a hand to caress the inside of his thigh as she slid down his chest. Her huge nipples brushing his stomach as she trailed kisses down his front. Her tongue paused at his navel, dipping inside and wetting the hollow, causing it to cool in the forest air. Logan's back leaned against the tree behind him for support. He brought one hand to her shoulder and the other to the top of her head, pushing gently to keep her moving downward. His knees were weakening with the rabid desire to have her mouth enveloping him.

Her one hand moved up his thigh to the crease at the inside top of his leg, while the other hand began an unholy stroking of his cock which was slick with precum in anticipation. She tipped her lower hand open and palmed his sac, massaging slowly, just as her knees hit the ground in front of him.

"Oh, shit, baby..." Logan managed as he knew he couldn't last much longer.

"Not yet," Sunny crooned, "I still need a taste of you." And with that she buried her mouth over the top of him causing Logan to toss his head back against the tree and grab the trunk with one hand to steady himself. Logan felt her hand tighten on the base of his cock as her nose came all the way to his pelvis and then with a small choke, she pulled backward almost the end. Her tongue ringed around the tip of his mushroom and then flicked lightly on the end before she buried her face on him again. 

Her hair had come loose from the ponytail and wisps of it fell around her face, teasing his thighs. Logan looked down at her and thrust his hand into the strawberry colored silk and encouraged her to move faster. She was pulling on him hard, stroking with her hand to the same rhythm as her mouth, while her other hand rolled his balls underneath. His veins teased her tongue and she sucked harder for the tangy salt of him.

"Oh, God...oh, gawd...." Logan bit his lip as his leg muscles tightened. Sunny slid her hand thru his legs and covering his ass with her palm, pulled him toward her madly thrusting mouth. Logan let out a deep guttural moan and exploded in her mouth, hot cum shooting into her throat, leaking down her chin, and spilling onto her hand that was still milking him slowly. 

"Mmm hmmmm...." Sunny lapped at his cream, swallowing deeply and smearing it across her lips. "Oh, you taste so fucking good," as she licked, cleaning the tip of him.

Logan gradually became aware of the breeze and sound of a few birds far off. As she slid her hands back to his hips, Logan pulled her up along the front of him...her breasts retracing their path along his cock, his stomach, and settling on his heaving chest.

"Holy Hell." Logan couldn't think of much more to say. "You need to do trail work more often," his breath softening.

Sunny licked her bottom lip. Her smoky eyes staring into his. "There's another restoration tomorrow," she smiled.