 Spazz had been up two days trying to debug the fucking server. He finally noticed that one of the include files had not been updated and recompiled.

"Three in the fucking morning and not a Starbucks in sight. Jesus, I hate this goddamned job." Spazz fumed as he left the building.

He walked past the noisy hookers on Hollywood Boulevard and let the quiet hum of the escalators take him into the lair of the new subway station. They'd almost destroyed half of glitter gulch building this thing and now there was a giant tunnel underground sitting on God knows how many fault lines. "Yeah, that's a good idea."

The spanky clean, post-modern station was dead empty, not another soul on the platform. Spazz waited for the rush of wind that would tell him he could get on board and sleep. He watched. He wavered. He closed his eyes. There it is, the little breeze…

PSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSH! The Red Line flew into the station, braking to a slow stop. Spazz was at the door when the hydraulics let go. He stepped in the car, took two steps to the left and lay down across three seats. He let his head loll back as the momentum built. Clack-click, clack-clack, clack-click! Faster and faster the train hummed into the dark tunnel, flying along the tracks, taking him to his little apartment in West LA.

He shifted on the seats, trying to get comfortable and half-lidded his eyes so he wouldn't tumble into the aisle. That's when he noticed her.

Platinum hair, short, thin, but pretty in a tight, white top and short, silk skirt. She watched him with one eye, exhaling the rest of her menthol cigarette out of the side of her mouth.

"Workin' late?"

Did she say that or…? "Yeah, forty-eight hours."

He tried to look disinterested, but there it was, dim and flickering, the flame of his ardor burned. Why for this woman? Why now? "Ah fuck, there's no reasoning with your dick", thought Spazz.

"Man, that's a long shift. Who you work for?" She puffed on her cigarette again, the cloud hanging between them.

Spazz laughed. "Fuckin' dot com motherfuckers…bought a bunch a new servers and none of the software was compatible. Idiots!"

She smiled. Her lips curved into a red chili pepper, shining in the industrial lighting. Spazz liked her face. 

"I don't know nothing 'bout all that Internet shit. An' glad I don't. Sounds much too complicated." Her foot started to dance at the end of her leg.

He sat up and crossed his arms, getting comfortable. "Why're you…what're you doin'…?" He yawned and couldn't finish.

"Rave. I'm a DJ…do mixes and shit."

"Really? That sounds cool."

"Pays the bills." She tossed her hair back and took another drag.

"Know what you mean. I feel the same way about my job." He watched her foot dance.

"So, what now?"

"Now? Bed, sleep, get up and do it again." He smiled wryly, hoping she'd smile back, "How 'bout you?"

"The same, I guess. 'Get tired of it, though."

"How do you mean?"

"No adventure. No excitement. Same ol', same ol' day after day. Work, sleep, work, sleep. It's fucked." She tapped out her cigarette.

The metro squeaked and cushioned to a stop in the blue glow of the station. She stood up and stretched. Her breasts slid along under the top as her flat tummy slid into view. "Nice", he thought. No one got on. The train accelerated. She grabbed the pole by him and swung into the next seat.

"Don't you think it's fucked?" She looked him in the eyes.

"What?" He wanted to ask her what she was doing, but it didn't come out.

"The routine, dullsville, doin' the same shit day in, day out."

"Yeah, I guess. I sure hate my damn job."

"And?" She raised her hands.

"And? And what? What do I do about it?" 

She shook all that curly hair, grinning out of the side of her mouth.

Spazz laughed. He never did shit about it. He just let days, weeks…hell, months go by and never did crap about it. 

She laughed along with him.

"I complain. I never tell my boss anything, but I bitch to everyone else. That's what I do." He glanced down at her long legs, sticking out of her skirt. He could feel the movement, the skin of his cock sliding along his boxers. He moved his knees together to allow more room.

"But if you didn't care, what would you do? If you were your own boss, what would you do?" She leaned back against the side of the car, looking into his eyes.

Spazz gave her the once over and pondered. "Hell, I don't know. Maybe start my own business…"

"No, no, no. What would you do for adventure…to liven up your life? Ever thought about that?"

Her hands rested in her lap, pushing the skirt down between her thighs. Spazz could see the hard little nubs of her nipples bouncing against the silk fabric of her top. He licked his lips, his mouth suddenly dry.

"Travel, I guess…"

"Takes time. How about just everyday?"

"Go, uh, see a movie. Fuck, I don't know. What do you do?"

She grinned and half-lidded her eyes. A low chuckled lingered in her throat.

Spazz felt the hair stand up on the back of his neck.

"I like to find attractive men and show them my pussy." Her knees squeezed together.

His lips clung to each other as his mouth dropped slowly open.

She laughed. "You should see your face."

Embarrassed, he put his hand on his head and looked down at the stained carpet. "Oh, you're fuckin' with me. Jesus."

"No, I never fuck around when it comes to my pussy."

He looked back up at her. Her eyes never left his as she raised her skirt up to her chest.

Spazz kept looking at her eyes, afraid to look at what he wanted to see.

"It's okay," she whispered, "I want you to."

As he lowered his eyes, her legs spread wide before him. Her flat tummy ended in a rounded little island with a perfect pink slit smiling sideways at him; bare, but for a small tuft of fur at the top. The orchid-shaped labia glistened as the lights of the tunnel flew by outside. Her scent wafted in his nostrils. It took only a few seconds, but Spazz had a permanent impression of what this woman looked like from mid-thigh to belly button.

He exhaled slowly, whispering. "Oh my God."

"Good, I didn't think you were gay."

Spazz glanced up.

"I saw you checking me out earlier, but now I know for sure."

He looked back down and licked his lips.

"What do you think? Excited?"

Spazz's cock strained against his jeans, rubbing the head brutally against the fabric. "Yeah, you…your…uhm…"

"My pussy?"

"Yeah. It's uhm…"

"Say it. I want to hear you say it."

His eyes quickly flicked to her face and back down. "Your pussy is beautiful. Just like a picture." Leaning back, his hand nonchalantly worked into his jeans' pocket.

"Good, you want to touch your cock, don't you?" She watched his hand.

Spazz was only half-aware of what his hand was doing. "What? I don't…"

"It's okay. It's okay. I want to touch myself, too. You've got me really excited."

He looked down. Her slit was wet. A drop of moisture ran down one of her buttocks to the seat.

"Do you want me to touch my pussy? I will, if you want me to."

She started rolling her hips, moving her crotch around in a tight little figure eight. Spazz realized he was breathing heavier and his heart was beating against his ribs. He felt like his mind had been short-circuited. His lips trembled.

"Yes…I…want you to."

"Want me to what?" Her fingers moved slowly down her thighs.

"I…want you to touch your pussy." He blinked once hard, realizing he hadn't blinked in a while.

"Show me your cock first."

Spazz's eyebrows shot up, concern crossed his face. "What? You're kidding?"

Her hands rubbed the insides of her thighs as she chuckled, her eyes never leaving his. "You know I don't kid around. I just need some…inspiration. And judging by that lump, I'd say you've got all I need."

He looked down at his jeans. Sure enough, if he moved, the head would pop out at his waist. Spazz glanced around at the train. No one. He sat back, exhaled and unpopped the top button of his jeans.

She sat up and watched him. "That's it, big boy. Let me see that fat cock of yours."

He ripped the fly open, raised his hips and slid his jeans down his legs. His boxers tented savagely. The seat cooled his ass as he lowered himself back down.

Her eyes were riveted on his bulge. Her hands moved gently, stroking her legs. He pushed his cock over to the opening in his boxers and let it spring out. It was hard, real hard, the head shiny with the blood pumping through it. His heart beat rapidly.

Her mouth opened in a bright red "O." "Oh yeah. What a beauty." She sat back, bringing her right hand to her lips. She put two fingers in her mouth and licked them like she was licking a Popsicle.

Spazz's cock pulsed upwards with every heartbeat. Her eyes never left it.

"Watch me," she said to his cock.

She brought her saliva-coated fingers down to her pussy and opened her lips, exposing a little bud of pink, shining wetly. She gently dabbed one finger on the end of it in little circles. She rolled her hips up, pushing towards her finger and sighed.

Spazz found the words. "That's so sexy."

"Thank you, so's your cock."

He looked down. His dick bobbed as he moved. He'd wanted to touch himself. He'd wanted to jerk off when he got home; it wouldn't take much…not now.

"Please touch it for me." She took her business finger and pushed it deep into herself, closing her eyes tightly as she did. Once it was buried all the way, she moved her wrist around in a wide circle, then pulled the finger back out, circling her clit again.

Before he knew it, Spazz had his cock in hand, gently stroking it from the base to the edge of the crown.

"Oh fuck yeah," she said and started sliding her finger in and out of her pussy. Her other hand moved down and held her lips open.

Spazz knew he wouldn't last long. Already a big dollop of precum oozed out of the tip, ran down the side and coated the palm of his hand.

"That looks awesome." She stared at his cock, once again coating her fingers with saliva.

"You like my cock?"

"Fuck yeah, it's beautiful, like a sculpture. I'd love to have a dildo made like it. I'd fuck myself silly." A second finger disappeared into her pussy. She started fucking herself, thrusting the two fingers against her lips, moving her hips in time with them.

Her half-lidded eyes watched him, legs spread, cock erect, smoothly palming the shaft up and down, balls to head.

"I've never seen a girl masturbate before."

"Never?"

"Well, not in real life. Just on video."

She smiled and straightened up in her seat, sitting beside him. Spazz watched her nipples slide around inside her dress. She opened her thighs wide, draped one leg over his knee and thrust her two fingers into her snatch again, pumping steadily in and out.

"So, what do you think? Better than TV?" She smiled at him.

"Yeah, much better." He inhaled and closed his eyes. "I love your smell."

When he opened his eyes, she was looking into them. "I love yours, too. Very masculine - musky." 

She inhaled sharply and her face screwed up like she was in pain. She sank her fingers in her pussy, held them there and moaned.

Spazz marveled at her expression.

After a moment, she relaxed and opened her eyes, breathing heavily again.

"Did you…?"

"Just a little one." She licked her fingers and sank them home again.

Spazz looked down at his cock. Another blob of precum wobbled around the head as he stroked up and down. She watched the blob intently.

"I'll never get over how sexy guys look when they jack off."

"Really? I always thought it looked kind of…I don't know - silly."

Her eyes rolled up to his and she shook her head silently, then looked back down at his cock, watching his hand pull at his dick, his balls bouncing beneath.

Suddenly, he felt calm. He felt cool. He felt handsome. He smiled, pondering the moment.

"Mind if I touch you?" Her left hand was already moving down her leg.

"No, no go ahead." He took his hand off of his shaft. Her little hand reached out and with index finger pointed, rubbed the blob of precum around his crown slowly.

"Oh God, that feels good," he said, sighing heavily.

The finger withdrew and went to her mouth. She sucked it clean. "Yum, tasty. You a health nut?"

He laughed. "No. Why?"

"Your cum is sweet. The only other guy I've ever tasted with sweet sperm was a health nut."

Her right hand continued to pump her pussy as her eyes met his again. "Now what?"

She smiled. "Now, it's your choice. Don't you want to cum? I'd love to see that."

"I will whether you want me to or not."

She laughed. "Good answer, but here's the choice. You can cum by yourself or you can cum in me."

"In you?"

"Yeah, either here." She pointed at her mouth and stuck her tongue out. "Or here." She pointed at her pussy, then slipped her fingers back inside. "What's it gonna be?"

Spazz looked at her, looked at his cock, then looked in her eyes.

"Can't I have both?" He bounced his eyebrows up and down mischievously.

She grinned and lay her head on his shoulder. "Greedy, bastard, aren't you?"

Spazz bent down and kissed her. Her lips were soft. She tasted like smoke, but he was way beyond caring. He could feel the lipstick smearing between them as licked her mouth, her lips. Her tongue snaked into his and started licking the coarse roof, tickling him behind his teeth. She moaned as they parted.

"You’re a good kisser - very romantic." With both hands, she pushed him back in the seat. "Lay back, Romeo. I got a cock to suck."

She leaned across his lap, kissing her way down his shirt to his boxers. Her left hand grasped the base of his cock and pointed it at her mouth. "Look at me."

He looked in her eyes, green with a hint of brown.

"When is the last time you had your cock sucked?"

Surprised, Spazz tried to think.

"Shit, that long, huh?"

"Pam!" he blurted out, "Pam Johnson at the Fourth of July picnic."

She laughed. "Glad you remembered her name. Quite the romantic."

Spazz looked at his cock throbbing in her hand, her mouth inches away, then back at her eyes.

"You want me to put your cock in my mouth? Do you want me to suck you? Would you like that?" Her hand started jacking him slowly.

"Don't you want to?"

"Yes, but you haven't asked me yet."

"Would you please put my cock in your…"

Her soft lips engulfed the head like hot pudding. Spazz felt his heart jump in his chest. Her tongue slipping and sliding underneath the head like a current of electricity. She kissed her lips down the length of his cock, twisted her jaw to the side and then back up again, coating the shaft in saliva. Her hand followed along, jacking it in time with her mouth. She moaned. He could feel the vibration of the sound on the head of his cock.

He looked out the window. The tunnel was a blur of textures, cable and lights. The train rumbled through the darkness, slowly rocking on the tracks. Her head bobbed in time.

Down and up, down and up, down and up, pumping his hardness into submission. Getting him primed to pump. Primed to shoot. He could feel the pressure building between his legs, his balls drawing up tighter, tighter.

She popped the head out of her mouth.

"Like that, do you?"

"Yes." He could barely answer through his heavy breathing and beating heart.

"Good." She smiled.

She sank her mouth down again, quickly jacking his cock up and down. It felt hot, slick. The best imitation of a vagina he'd ever felt. He wanted to cum. He wanted to fill her mouth, float her teeth down a river of sperm. She pulled away again, gripping his pole tightly with her hand.

She smiled. Her lipstick was smeared around her mouth. She brought her hands up on either side of his cock and gently pushed down.

"Oh, fuck!" Spazz felt his testicles pop back into his sac.

"You can't cum just yet, cowboy. You've got business to take care of. Come here."

She pulled him out of the seat. With his pants down around his ankles, he had to hang onto the commuter straps above their heads to keep from falling. His cock glistened with her saliva, bobbing with the movement of the car.

She grabbed the vertical pole next to them and bent forward at the waist. Reaching back with one hand, she flipped her skirt up. A divine sight. A perfect heart-shaped ass with her dripping pink lips framed beneath it.

"Oh my God. You're beautiful." Spazz grabbed his cock and gave it a jerk.

Looking over her shoulder, she swayed her hips back and forth.

"You going to finish that by yourself or are you going to share the wealth? Get over here and stretch me open with that meat, big boy."

Spazz stumbled forward and grabbed her hips. She arched her back, bringing her slit up to his cock. He bumped her ass twice.

"Careful, don't go in the wrong hole. I'm not ready for that just yet."

He reached down and grabbed his shaft, then felt the warmth of her well-lubed slit kiss the head of his cock.

A low coo of "Oh yeah" was all her heard drifting to his ears from her.

He rubbed the head along her slit, slowly at first, and then desire took over. He started pushing forward. The head sank in suddenly. Damn, she was tight.

"Go slow, lover, let me feel it. Wedge it in."

He withdrew a little, then pushed forward more. Two steps forward, one step back. The second push forward, she moaned loudly.

"Fuck, you're big. It wasn't that big in my mouth."

"This ain't your mouth, darling."

He pushed forward again, sinking about two-thirds of his cock into her. She yelled.

"Wait…fuck…wait. I don't, I don't know if…"

"Hand on, sweetheart. I'll go slow." Spazz had had this trouble before with an old girlfriend in college. He wet his fingers and reached around her, lifting the front of her skirt. He found her clit and started rubbing just the tip of it very gently from the bottom.

"Oh yeah." Her words were almost all breath. "That's so good."

She pushed back on his cock and he sank in a little deeper. He began to mimic the movements of her fingers from before when she'd masturbated, drawing rhythmic circles around her clit.

She pushed back again, taking more of him. He put his other hand in the small of her back and slowly pulled out until the head of his cock was at her lips again, then sank it all back inside.

"Yeah. That's it. Fuck me."

He withdrew again and she pushed up against him.

"Come on, fuck me, fuck me."

He grabbed her hips with both hands and started sawing in and out of her at a steady pace. Her moans egged him on. They were both caught up in a physical sexual dance. He began thrusting his cock into her as hard as he could. She grunted back at him. Her ass bounced and shook as his shaft sank in again and again. He panted hotly through his open mouth. The scent of the two of them permeated his senses.

Suddenly, the train flew into the Santa Monica station and all the lights came on in the train. The cars ground to a halt and the doors hissed opened.

"Don't stop! Please! I'm almost there!"

Nothing was going to stop him now. The tightness in his balls was unbearable. Her legs started shaking as he pounded into her.

"Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck." She grunted and her whole body shook.

He held on for dear life as she bucked on his cock. He could feel the convulsions inside her body pull at him like an approaching earthquake tremor. Three more thrusts and that would be it.

He strained, gritting his teeth, trying to stem the explosion. He knew his fingers were bruising her skin. He didn't care, he just held on.

With a cry, he started cumming inside her. He could feel the hot, slippery sperm coating the tight sleeve of her pussy. He thrust and thrust, trying to keep going - keep fucking.

She fell forward, pulling away from him. Quickly, she turned around, grabbing for his spewing appendage. He saw her mouth clamp over the end and suck, holding on with both hands. He swooned and fell into the nearby seat, her mouth never leaving the end of his cock.
