 It was a beautiful warm day. Oh how I loved to lay out in the nude and have the suns rays shining down on my bare skin. The tall wood fence gave me all the privacy I needed. I rubbed oil into my round, firm breasts, lingering and enjoying the feel of its slick coolness as my hands teased my nipples. Moving down to my flat tight tummy I covered it and watched it glisten in the light of the sun. I slowly added some oil directly to the freshly shaven skin right above my pussy and took my time as I moved my hands over my pussy and down to my thighs. I could feel my pussy growing wet and beginning to tingle. It was aching to be touched.

I spread my legs a little and reached down between them. My fingers explored the folds and found my hardening clit. Slowly I moved my fingers in a circular motion over my little rosebud. The excitement of being in the open air excited me and I was quickly feeling my orgasm growing inside of me.

I was so caught up in pleasuring myself I didn't hear the backdoor open. I especially didn't realize I was now being watched.

The sound of someone clearing his throat behind me caused me to freeze. I silently prayed that today was not the day for the lawn to be mowed. I slowly turned to make sure it was my husband. I was quite relieved to see it was him standing there. Even though I was embarrassed, he knew this was a common occurrence for me. Seeing my naked body was nothing new to him, after 6 years of marriage he had seen me naked more than anyone else in the world.

"Sorry to interrupt," he laughed.

"You're home early," on the edge of scolding him. We had plans to spend the evening together but I wasn't expecting him home from work quite so early in the afternoon.

"I though I would come catch some rays with you, but I can come out later if you want," he explained.

"Don't be silly, I would love for you to join me now," I relied.

I watched him take off his clothes. He had the best body I think I had ever seen. He was tone and tan from working construction throughout the summer. His ass was firm and round and his abs were simply amazing. His 7-inch cock was nice and thick and his Superman tattoo right above it made me melt.

He pulled up a chair beside me but in the opposite direction so we could see each other as we talked. He straddled the chair to sit down and I caught myself staring at his beautiful, plump cock. It was completely bare except for the tattoo right above it. I convinced myself that his tattoo actually stood for "Supercock" which was a very accurate description.

This wasn't the first time he had caught me looking at him like this. As a matter of fact, every time I saw him naked I found myself staring and wanting to touch him intimately. Even after 6 years of marriage, he was the hottest man I knew.

I could feel my pussy beginning to ache again from a combination of unfinished business and my thoughts of him. I closed my eyes and tried to think of other things, but it wasn't working. I slid my fingers my neck, down my breasts and rested them on my pussy. I began right where I left off by spreading my lips with one hand while my fingers circled my clit. I knew he was watching and that turned me on even more. My finger entered my pussy and I almost exploded. I slid my wet finger out and focused on my clit. I was pleasuring it more intensely with each moment. I wouldn't be long before my juices would be cumming all over my towel. 

I opened my eyes to see his reaction because I knew I was putting on a good show for him. To my surprise, his hand was wrapped around his long thick cock that was at full strength. He poured my suntan oil into his hand for the ultimate lube job. I continued to pleasure my clit while he stroked his cock harder and faster. His eyes were locked on my tits and pussy and my eyes where locked on his dick. I felt my orgasm rock through my body as I watched his white load of cum spray all over his tan chest. I reached over to him and wiped his hot cum into my hands and leaned back in my chair. I rubbed his cum into my tits like it was an extra layer of suntan oil and started to finally enjoy the pleasure of my orgasm. 

After a few hours in the sun we went in to take our showers and get ready for our evening together. We would go to dinner and then go bar hopping like we used to do in college.

I turned on the shower and climbed in letting the water run over my bronze shoulders. I looked over my body and didn't see a tan line anywhere. Perfect. I lathered my body with soap and my pussy began to ache again as the trickle of water found its way between my thighs. I was amazed that I had the urge to masturbate again after such an explosive orgasm just a few short hours before. I leaned back against the shower wall and propped one leg up for easier access to my hot wet pussy. With one hand I steadied myself and with the other I slipped two fingers deep inside my pussy. I sighed softly from the sensation of filling my pussy with my fingers as I added another one inside me. I moved them in and out quickly and cursed myself for not bringing my new waterproof vibrator with me to the shower. 

I could feel my second orgasm of the day building quickly when the door flew open and he came in.

"Can I jump in with you before you use up all the hot water," he begged. I didn't even get to answer before he was climbing in with me. Frustrated I grabbed my razor and shaving cream and lathered my pussy and legs. As I bent over to reach my calves I felt my ass press up against yours. I hesitated to move but didn't as he turned to rinse his hair of shampoo. I continued to shave and could feel his eyes staring my ass staring up at him. I didn't need any confirmation of his staring when I felt a prick from his cock at the back of my ass. 

He slid the tip of his prick up and down the line in my ass as I continued shaving. We had done anal a few times before and it was getting better and better each time. I felt him spread my ass checks and I pressed against the wall for support. I felt his cock tease my hole as he guided the tip a little deeper each time. He finally placed his hands on my hips and slowly thrust his manhood in my ass. The pleasure far outweighed the tiny pain as he slid his cock in and out of my asshole. There was really no description of having your man's cock in your ass and loving every second of it. His thrusts were gentle and he reached around to finger my clit while he continued to pump my ass. His finger slid inside me and now both of my holes were full of my man. I could tell he was about to cum as he pulled his dick out of my ass one last time. I could feel the hotness of his cum as it landed all over my back. 

I turned around and kissed him deeply. We washed each other completely and I paid extra special attention to his manhood that that been inside me giving me an enormous amount of pleasure.

When we finished our shower I raided my closet searching for the right outfit to wear. I slipped on a tiny black thong and matching bra. He chose to go commando tonight and wore a tight pair of jeans what showed off his tight ass.

I picked out my favorite skirt. It was midnight blue, very short and very tight. With it I added a white, sheer blouse that showed a lot of cleavage from my 34d titties. I took my time applying my makeup and curling my shoulder length auburn hair. We looked at ourselves in the mirror and admired how good we looked together.

For most of the night it was like every other Saturday night. We hit a couple of bars deciding which looked the best and ended up there for the rest of the night. We talked and danced. As we got a little drunker, I found myself letting him pull my skirt up to expose my thong to anyone who might have been looking. The dance floor was so crowded I didn't imagine anyone really being able to catch a good look at my bare ass. But the thrill of a stranger staring at my naked ass excited me.

As we sat down for a rest and a drink, I excused myself and stumbled to the restroom. I forgot to lock the door and just as I pulled up my thong the door opened and he walked in. He locked the door I had forgotten to lock. He didn't say a word. He just leaned into me pressing me against the wall. His lips found mine and he thrust his tongue in my mouth kissing me long and hard. I returned his kiss and wrapped my arms around his waist. One of my hands found his ass through his tight jeans and squeezed it.

He lifted my off the ground and I wrapped my legs around his waist. I felt his hand reach around me and feel its way to my pussy. He ripped my panties off and slid his finger inside. I moaned as he fingered me making my pussy grow wet from his touch.

"Your pussy feels so good," he whispered in my ear.

I felt his cock hardening against my pussy. My clit hardened from the denim of his jeans as it pressed against it. I reached down and unbuttoned his jeans and let them fall to the floor. He repositioned me so I was directly above his throbbing cock and he slid it into my aching pussy. I let out a loud moan as he moved inside me. The music was so load in the bar that there was no way anyone outside the bathroom could hear us. His cock was huge and filled my pussy completely. 

I looked down and could see my pussy wrapped around him. As he thrust his dick in and out of me I watched my pussy juices glisten over each inch of his manhood. His thrusts grew harder and I could tell he was getting closer to cumming deep inside me. I was right there with him. Our breathing was ragged and our moans grew louder. I felt myself go first. My pussy throbbed and tightened around his cock as I climaxed right there in the women's restroom. He began to grunt and moan as he shoved his cock deeper inside me. He collapsed against me, pressing me against the wall with his cock still inside me. 

"I'm sorry," he whispered. "I shouldn't have came in here like that but I had to have you."

I wasn't sure how to answer. All I could do was smile and tell you it was ok. We heard them announce that the bar was closing. We quickly pulled ourselves together and walked outside together. We caught a cab and talked about our day filled with masturbation, anal sex and hot steamy bar sex. The cabby was listening very intently and probably would have enjoyed watching me fuck my husband on the way home right there in the back of his cab. It would have been easy since I no longer had panties on but my husband had already shot his wad 3 time today and I'm not sure he could've have taken it. Oh well, we'll save that adventure for another night.