 Lori, the next door neighbor girl, and I had sex while her parents were away on the weekend. She asked me if I could slip away that same night for more fun.

I decided to get my wife drunk early in the evening and then slip away to Lori's bed. My wife Beth was always easy to get drunk, and after a couple of beers she was passed out on the couch.

I then crept out the front door and entered our neighbor's house. Lori had left the front door unlocked for me, and so I went right in.

Lori was sitting in front of the TV naked. She had a video playing of a sex orgy, and she was rubbing her wet pussy with her fingers. She didn't see me watching as she sunk a digit deep into her dripping hole. 

She stirred it around and then slowly pulled it out and licked it clean in her mouth. It was if she were sucking on a lollipop. I came into view and she motioned me to her.

"Lick my pussy Dan, please?"

I dropped to my knees and I started to lap that drenched hole of hers, She pulled her pussy lips apart for me as I nibbled on her clittie.

She was oozing as I worked my tongue and fingers all over that beautiful slit. I stood up and undid my pants. Pulling them down along with my briefs. I stripped my shirt off as well.

My cock was dangling there, pre-cum bubbling at the tip. Lori reached out, grabbed my sacs, and pulled me to her.

She inhaled my thick pole between her lips. Her mouth was making sucking noises, as she tried to take as much of my rod into her mouth as she could.

She flicking the tip of her tongue all around the crown. My cock was standing straight up by then. She got up from the couch and told me to lie on my back. I did as I was told and she moved directly above me.

Her pussy was directly over my cockhead, just inches from it. Then Lori dropped down, her pussy made a slurping sound, and she inhaled every hard inch I had.

She was groaning now, "Push that monster into me!" I ground my pelvis into her as I reached up for her small titties. I cupped them both, massaged them until the tips were hard as a rock. 

Lori was then sliding up and down my pole, as fast as she could manage. I reached for her asscheeks now, pulling them apart. I wanted to split that 18 year old pussy now! She was all mine and I planned to have her all to myself.

We built a rhythm together, I brought my ass up off the couch, and she met my strokes with her tight pussy. Then Lori screamed out again what she said earlier that day. "Fuck me Dan, give me all your love seed!" 

I was in the mood to have her beg me for it now.

"Do you want me to make you pregnant, Lori?" 

"Oh god yes, do it Dan!"

I really started to pummel her pussy, when she said that to me. I was going to give her the baby she wanted. I slammed into her one last time, and then sent my load spewing into her love passage.

"Oooohhhhh!" "Dan, that feels so hot in me!" 

I kept unloading my cum into her greedy pussy. It seemed we just kept fucking like that for ages.

After we finished, Lori went down on me, licking my shaft clean of all our love juices. It didn't take me long to become hard again. This time she led me into the bathroom. We both entered the shower stall and let the hot water rinse us off.

I was standing behind Lori in the tub. My cock was directly against her back. She was wiggling her ass , letting my shaft run up and down her crack. I told her to bend at the waist, which she did. I took hold of my shaft and I eased it into her pussy one more time. 

I slipped in easily. Between the water and our love cum, I was able to get deeper than before. I held her hips, I began to fill her. She pushed her ass back, as I gave her more and more of my cock. This girl could really put the clamps on my dick! All I could think of was unloading another round of my seed into her wet pussy.

I pushed as hard as I could, nearly lifting her off her feet. Then I grunted and blew the remaining cum into her sweet belly. I stroked her a little while longer and then I finally slipped out of her. 

We went back to bed and promptly feel asleep. In the morning I slipped away, back to my wife, who had yet to awake.

This was going to be one exciting, tiring, summer it seemed!