 Very much a last-minute entry, this. Submitted on the final day. I had to enter -- I've had one or more entries in this contest every year since at least 2003 -- not always under the Alex de Kok name!

*

"Any thoughts on where we pull in for the night, or maybe nights?" said Jack.

"Why not there?" said Peter, pointing to a sign at the roadside as they went past in a slow-moving queue of holiday traffic.

His father snorted. "A nude beach? You're kidding!"

"Why not? For one thing, it's likely to be quieter, and for another, the sign says they have a camp area for RVs." Peter laughed. "And there'll be naked women to ogle."

"What makes you think I want to ogle naked women?"

Peter shook his head. "Nothing, I guess, but you haven't dated since Mom died and it's been almost four years now. Face it, Dad, you're the kind of man that likes women for themselves, not like Brad Foster."

Jack Elliott pondered. True, it had been four years since his beloved Ellen had died, and yes, Peter was right, he wasn't like Brad Foster, continually making lewd jokes and sly innuendo about the women in their neighborhood. But he could cut Brad some slack, because he and his long-suffering wife Alice had been truly supportive of Jack and Peter during Ellen's short, cruel illness.

"Well?" said Peter. "Shall we? It's almost four and we'll need a camp-site before too long. It's my turn to cook and I'm hungry!"

"You serious? You won't be embarrassed?"

"Dad, I'll probably be very embarrassed, for the first hour or so, at least. But Amy - Amy Ellis from high school, remember? - she says she and her folks go to Cape Aniya every year and she says most people take less than that to relax. Most of them, that is; apparently some chicken out and never come back." Peter was silent for a moment or two, then continued. "Have to say, Dad, that I find the thought of seeing someone like Amy naked very appealing."

"Now there's a surprise. Not. I'm surprised you never dated her?"

"Out of my league, Dad. Amy was one of the beautiful people, but me? I was just a nerd, a geek, one of the uncool."

"It never seemed to bother you?"

"To be honest, Dad, it didn't. I'll say this for Amy, those last two years of high school, she never hung around much with the in-crowd, and her final marks were better than any other in that crowd."

"You think she saw the light?"

"Maybe, Dad, just maybe. I hope so, because she was never bitchy to me like some of the others were."

"Glad to hear it, as you obviously like her."

"Yeah, I guess."

"Those that chicken out, Peter? That could be us, you know?"

"I doubt it, Dad. I take after you, after Mom, for that matter, I'm a people person."

"Well, it's now or never, as the turn is coming up. Yes?"

"Yes, Dad, make the signal, and let's go take our clothes off in public."

Jack laughed, making the turn signal and wheeling the Winnebago onto the narrow approach road. "Okay, son, but remember whose idea this was!"

They were pleasantly surprised at their first sight of South Fork Sun Club. A low stucco building with a parking area seemed to be the office and admin building, and a narrow roadway, with passing places, led off each way into a wooded area, pine and birch mainly, some other trees.

"I don't see the RV area, Dad, but I guess we ask at the office. There's a parking slot next to it, so let's go ask, eh?"

"The simplest solutions are usually the best, son. Let's go ask."

The middle-aged woman at reception gave them a wide smile as they approached. "Hi, guys, what can I do for you?" Halter top and shorts here at the interface between clothed and not-clothed.

Jack shrugged. "We're here on impulse. My son saw your sign on the highway and persuaded me that we should come here - "

" - but you think you made a mistake? Don't think that, we're all nice here. Quiet, at the moment, mostly because school isn't out yet, but week after next, look out! And, of course, it's National Nude Day on Saturday. There'll be a lot more first-timers visiting us then."

"There's a National Nude Day?" Jack said, surprised.

"There sure is, every July 14."

"I didn't know that."

"Well, you do now," said the woman, laughing. "So this week's a good one to learn about us. That your Winnebago out front?"

"Yeah, it is. Only a hire, but we have it for a month, starting yesterday." Jack chuckled. "We thought it might be slightly less daunting than a tent."

The woman laughed. "Yeah, well we have hard-stand areas just off the access road. You probably saw it disappearing into the trees each way? Well, each stand can take two RVs, with utility connections, water and electricity. You're surrounded by trees, but there's a wide path onto the beach, so that you can be in the water pretty darn quick. Number three is vacant at the moment, so I can put you in there, but leave room for another RV, please? Just in case someone else comes along, okay?"

"Of course."

"I know that you have toilet facilities on your RV, but there's a toilet block between stand three and stand four. About thirty seconds walk. Toilets, washing and showering facilities. Handy for washing the sand off without clogging your own pipes."

"Great!"

"So, how many nights?"

"At least a week, please, Dad. It seems very nice here."

"I can book you in for three nights with an option to extend, if you like? Three nights is our minimum for RVs."

"Can we make it a week, with an option to extend?"

The woman smiled. "Of course. Okay, this is our price list."

Jack gave the list a quick once-over. "This is fine, well within our budget."

"Great," said the woman. "I assume you plan to cook most of your own meals, given that you're in the Winnebago?"

"That was the plan, yes."

"That's fine. We have a little store here if you need milk or eggs, things like that. We also have a restaurant, although it can feel a little surreal dining naked." The woman laughed. "But it's fun!" She handed them a brochure. "That's our do and do-not list on the back. We try to keep the rules simple, 'cause we want folks to enjoy themselves. Have fun, and welcome to South Fork Sun Club." Her smile was warm. "You need anything, ask for Maggie. That's me."

