 The party outside wasn't quite dying down, but I was done. I headed inside, picking up empty bottles and plates on my way in and dumping them in the trashcan on my way through the kitchen. I bypassed the main living room and headed directly to the den. My den. The place I loved. The couch was perfect, the throw blanket perfect, the TV the perfect size. I deposited myself on the couch, heaving a sigh, and allowed the couch to swallow me up.

It wasn't long after that he showed up. He walked in and plopped down on the couch next to me. "It's too bad about Brian," he said, not looking at me but looking at the TV. 

I took a deep breath. "Yeah, well, he is just helping me get one step closer to my destiny."

"Your destiny?" He turned his head towards me.

I smiled a sad kind of smile. "Didn't you know? My goal to be a born again virgin."

He gave me a quizzical look. "What the hell are you talking about?"

I let out another long sigh. "It's been a year and a half..."

The look didn't leave his face. "A year and a half, what?"

I started to get angry. "God dammit, James. A year and a half since I've had sex!" I heard him start to chuckle, and I started to get even more angry. I punched him in the arm, hard, and he fell over laughing. 

"Hey, doll, if you want a cure, I'm right here." I punched him again. Always making jokes, this one. He sat back up, still chuckling and rubbing his arm. "No, no...seriously though. Why not get a fuck buddy. All of us sane single people have one."

"I don't feel like taking a trip to whore island, man." I grabbed the remote and turned on the TV. Some stupid show came on, and I acted interested in it, thinking the manners his mama taught him would keep him quiet, but I was wrong.

"Whore island? How's that? You have a friend, someone you trust, someone you are comfortable with, and you have sex with them. On multiple occasions. You don't have to have sex with anyone else, and you don't have to worry about your heart. Just get the fucking out of the way so you can focus, ya know?"

I rolled my eyes. "Why do I feeling you have yourself in mind for the job?"

He smiled, and I had to admit, when he smiled playfully like that, my heart did speed up a little. "I wouldn't say no, but I have seen how you've been lately. It's like you forgot how to be happy. I know what you need, and you need to go get it." He stood up and turned towards me. "I am going to go have another beer. If you aren't back out there in 10 minutes, I'm going to come in here and fuck the shit out of you." He smiled again, and I couldn't help but laugh. 

I went to the bathroom, and then went back out to the music, people, and beer. I made my rounds, and came to rest next to James and some of our other friends that were standing in a circle around a fire pit. "So," he said, leaning in a little close to me so I could hear him over the music without him yelling, "anyone in mind?" I smiled a little and took a drink of my beer. Fuck it, I would entertain him with this little game of his. While he was watching me, I turned my head and looked at each our male friends, looking them up and down before I turned my attention to the next one. All of them were in drunken conversation with one or more people, and didn't notice me taking stock of them. I made sure to take my time, looking back at James from time to time and giving him a little smile. He was amused, chuckling at my raised eyebrows after looking at Roy. Roy was a fantastic specimen, but he had been after Polly for practically forever, and she was finally starting to show some interest back in him. I then turned to James, and deliberately looked him up and down, very slowly. I met his eyes, and for a moment he looked a little taken aback. "Nope," I said, and took a drink of my beer. He erupted in laughter, and put his arm around my shoulder, squeezing me to him a little. 

The party was over, and I started to do a little clean up. I headed to the kitchen, half full garbage bag in my hand, and found James in there, dumping out some half empty beer bottles in the sink. I couldn't help but notice his profile, and how nice it was, with his hair that he was growing out hanging a little bit in his face. I realized he was wearing a shirt he had gotten at a concert we went to last year, and it went perfect with his green cargo shorts. His calves were firm and shapely, just as his arms were. He looked at me, and I stuck my tongue out at him, making him smile. I put the trash bag next to the trashcan and made my way to my den again. I wanted my couch, and got it. I hadn't noticed closing my eyes until I woke suddenly, James covering me in my throw. I smiled at him, and he had a serious look on his face. "Why not me?" he asked. I chuckled a little, thinking it silly that he was offended by the little game he had started.

"I dunno, James," I said, cuddling down in the couch. "Maybe because I think you would be a horrible lay." My eyes were closed and I smiled to myself, laughing just a little bit. I started to fall asleep again, and I felt his weight as he sat down on the other end of the couch. A moment later, I felt his hand on my ankle, and felt him slowly start to pull on it. I opened my eyes, and looked over at him, noticing his look was very serious now. As I looked at him, confused, he grabbed my other ankle, and started to pull on that one too. He pulled me down just far enough to where I was more laying down than sitting up, pulled the throw off of me, and then he shifted himself so that he was beginning to crawl on top of me. By the time realization hit and I started to try and sit up, he was on all fours above me, and put a hand on my arm to still me.

"Let me do this for you," was all he said, and then he leaned in and kissed me. At first, I was startled. My eyes were wide open, and I was looking around the room, almost like I was looking for an exit. Then he tilted his head a little, and his tongue slowly pressed itself into my mouth. Everything got blurry, and I closed my eyes in the bliss of the feeling. I moaned a little and relaxed, feeling him ease on top of me, not putting all of his weight, but just enough to where I felt deliciously constrained. The way he moved his tongue in my mouth instantly got my mind thinking of what it could do other places, and a straight line of heat went from the inside of my mouth to between my legs, where his leg was resting. My sex deprived body moved before I could even form a thought, and I was starting to rub against his thigh, become more and more excited as the fabric of my underwear and shorts and the friction they created started to drive me into a frenzy. He leaned even closer to me, making every sensation even stronger, and it was becoming hard to catch my breath. 

I moved the back of his shirt so that I could touch him, finding the skin of his back pleasantly warm and smooth. His kisses were becoming deeper and longer, making fireworks explode behind my eyes. He broke away and sat up, leaving me breathless and suddenly cold. He reached up and pulled his shirt off over his head and threw it to the ground. I laid there, frozen, watching the muscles of his chest move as he reached down and undid the button and zipper of my shorts. He scooted back a little and lowered himself to his knees beside the couch, pulling my shorts and underwear along with him. I scooted up on the couch so I was laying at an angle, feeling a little self-conscious about being so exposed to him so suddenly. After he threw my shorts and undies to the ground, he slid his hand up my legs and to my inner thighs, pressing them apart easily even though I resisted a little. He started to kiss my knee, locking eyes with me, and started to lick his way up my thigh. My breathing was starting to go faster and faster the higher up my thigh he went, and when he started to kiss the lips of my pussy, I actually started to shake in anticipation. "Please," I said; I begged. He locked eyes with me again, and then took one slow, long lick of me. I arched, my hands instantly going to my breasts, which I was disappointed to find still fully clothed. How did I miss that? His tongue still lingered between my lips, not moving, while I frantically removed my shirt and bra. I instantly put my hands back to my breasts, letting them fill my hands, while I saw him smile slightly from between my legs. "Please," I said again, and started to move my hips against his face, getting more excited while thinking of getting myself off against his face. He wrapped his arms around my thighs, pulling them a little more apart with his hands, and went to work. 

I don't know how I didn't explode within four seconds. He started slow, licking me up and down with his tongue flat, covering as much space as it could. He started gentle on my clit, making me shudder with every flick of his tongue. I was squeezing my breasts slightly, pinching and pulling slightly on my nipples from time to time, which he seemed to enjoy watching me do. I could feel myself building up, and he could feel it, too. He started to lick me faster, keeping my thighs apart as they started to tighten around his head; I couldn't help it. I was rubbing my hands over my breasts almost violently now, tugging on my nipples and enjoying how the little bit of pain made the pleasure spike even more. I reached down and grabbed his hair, pushing my pussy into his face as he ate me, thrusting my hips forward, all the while my moans were getting louder. I was losing control, telling him to look me in the eyes; telling him to eat my pussy. He had a look in his eyes I had never seen, and right before I was about to come, he pulled himself away and stood up. I looked at him angrily, not understanding why he would pull away until I saw how hard he was. His erection was strained against his shorts, and he was undoing the buckle of his shorts when I quickly stood in front of him. 

I kneeled, pulling his shorts down with me, and instantly had my mouth around his cock. I heard his intake of breath as I took as much of him in my mouth as I could. I gagged a little, pulling back, and went right back to get as much of him in my mouth again as I could. I had his balls in one hand, what wouldn't fit in my mouth in the other, and I moved my head back and forth, looking up at him to get just a glimpse of the pleasure I was giving him expressed on his face. His mouth was open, his hand lightly on the back of my head, looking at me with an expression I can't explain. It was like awe, lust, anger, and something else I couldn't place. I took my hand of his balls to reach down and touch myself, moaning as I felt the wetness of myself and his saliva between my legs. I started to rub my lips, careful to avoid my clit for fear of coming. I moaned on his cock as I sucked him, feeling him get even harder in my mouth. I knew he would be coming soon, and I wanted to come with him. I backed away from him, and eased myself back up onto the couch, sitting on the very edge. He knelt down and positioned himself in front of me, placing the head of his cock right at my opening. I was looking down at it, the anticipation almost killing me. I looked up at him, and leaned back slightly. 

He started to slide into me, making me wince just a little, but I was so wet it was still easy for him. It felt amazing. Instantly, my whole body got hot, and I felt like I had to move. As he eased into me, I pushed back, making my breasts bounce with the contact. He put his hands on my hips, pulling me to him, and slightly pushing me away as he pulled out. I put my hands over my head to hold on to the back of the couch, watching my breasts bounce and watching him enter me over and over. His thrusts were coming faster, and sweat was breaking out on his brow. I was getting close, and I told him so. I told him to fuck me until I came, and the look I couldn't describe started to darken even more on his face. His thrusts started to get harder, and I felt myself start to tighten around him. My eyes flew open, and he was looking right into them. "Come for me," he said, and I did. I could feel the tightness of me get even tighter as I squeezed him. His grip on my hips tightened, and a noise that made me feel like I was the most amazing creature on earth left his mouth as I felt his spunk fill me. I was squeezing him while he throbbed inside me, and he fell over on top of me. We lay there, catching our breath, until it had started to even out some. He moved slightly, pulling himself out of me, making me feel empty and a little sad for a moment. He leaned back, looking at me. 

I smiled. "What?" I asked. 

He shook his head. "I regret every day that I've know you that I wasn't inside of you."

I sat up, putting my arms around his neck and kissing him. "And I can't wait until you are inside of me again." He smiled that playful smile, and started to stand up, pulling me up with him.