 Wednesday morning. I woke up to see the summer sun shining in through my bedroom window. Bright and early. Well, not exactly. It was 10 a.m., and I was enjoying the laziness of summer break between my sophomore and junior years of college. I was back at home living with my mother and stepfather for the summer, sleeping in as they were off at work. The only noise in the house was the hum of the central air conditioner. Seemed I had the house to myself.

I got up and showered to ready myself for another day of relaxation. As I got out of the shower and toweled myself dry, I glanced out the bathroom window overlooking the back deck and saw that I was not alone. My stepsister, Christine, was walking through the back yard, onto the deck. She was staying with us for a couple of weeks until she could move into her new apartment. She was wearing running shorts, a white t-shirt, sunglasses, and a baseball-style cap. Seemed she was coming back from a jog.

At twenty seven, she was seven years older than me. She had just retired from playing for a WNBA team, but she wasn't the stereotypical female pro-basketball player. Christine was tall for a woman, a shade taller than me. She was very attractive with long black hair and beautiful green eyes. Her body was fit from years of playing sports, but still very feminine at the same time.

I watched as she walked across the deck to the door leading into the house. The sounds of the door opening and Christine's footsteps across the rooms downstairs carried up to my perch by the window in the bathroom. Soon she reappeared on the deck with a bottle of suntan lotion, a beach towel, and a book. She was now barefoot, but still wore her running shorts and t-shirt. Her hair was tied back in a pony tail. I watched intently as she evenly spread the towel out on the chaise lounge chair. 

To my surprise, she slid her thumbs under the elastic waistband and pulled her shorts down her fit thighs. She bent down to slide the shorts down past her knees and step out of them, tossing them aside. She wore no panties underneath the shorts, only the liner of the running shorts and I could see the well-trimmed triangle of her black pubic hair. She removed her sunglasses and grasped the bottom of her t-shirt, pulling it up over her head and dropped it onto her empty running shorts. She did the same with her sports bra, revealing her perky breasts and pink nipples. 

I felt like Judge Reinhold from that famous scene in Fast Times at Ridgemont High when he fantasized that Phoebe Cates took off her top as she got out of the swimming pool. But, instead of it being a fantasy, Christine was really nude. I gasped audibly when she stretched and arched her back to pull the bra over her head and bare her beautiful breasts. I could feel myself becoming aroused watching my stepsister from the bathroom window. 

Christine picked up the bottle of suntan lotion and began spreading it over her fit body. She started at her ankles and spread the lotion up her shapely legs, working her way up her tone belly to her round breasts. I was starting to breathe hard as she spread the oily lotion over her breasts. They bounced up and down as she rubbed them with the palms of her hands. Her entire body glistened in the morning sun from the lotion.

My penis was completely hard from watching her. I reached down and wrapped my hand around my hard cock, gently squeezing it. The gentle pressure felt good. I let go to lick my palm, then returned my saliva slickened hand to my throbbing penis. I rubbed up and down my hard shaft, circling around my swollen mushroom head as I stood at the window, staring at my naked stepsister. Gently, I squeezed the hard shaft, causing a clear droplet of precum to ooze from the tip. 

Christine had no idea of the pleasure she was giving, let alone that she was being watched. As I continued to stare at her, I rubbed up and down. My weeping hole was making my swollen cock very slippery. My breathing was ragged and I knew I couldn't hold out much longer. I could feel myself tingling and my orgasm was building.

I stroked faster with twisting strokes up and down my slick shaft. Clear fluid was flowing from the eye of my cock. I gently squeezed my rigid shaft to milk out more precum, making it even slicker. My hips were rocking back and forth with frenzied lust as I stroked. I placed one hand on the sink to steady myself as my body shuddered when the first white stream leapt from my spasming cock. My hips pushed forward as I shot stream after stream of cum onto the tiled bathroom floor. I sat down, looking at the small white puddles my lust had left on the multi-colored floor tiles. Looking down, I watched as my cock slowly shrank back to flaccidity. 

I quickly cleaned up all evidence of my moment of gratification and went to my bedroom. I put on a pair of lined jogging shorts and my longest t-shirt to cover my bulge it I got hard again. Even though I had just cum, I wasn't totally satisfied. I wanted to see Christine on the deck. 

I was nervous walking down the stairs. Butterflies were whirling around my insides. I could feel my pulse picking up as I reached the door to the deck. I put my hand on the doorknob and paused. Silently I thought, "Here goes nothing." My heart was pounding as I turned the knob and opened the door, breaking the seal to the outside.

Christine had rolled over and was laying flat on her stomach. My naked stepsister jumped and had a look of utter surprise when she realized she was not alone. He face was becoming pinker as the blood rushed to her cheeks from embarrassment.

"Looking good, step-sis." I said with a grin. Mind if I join you out here for a little bit?"

"Uh, uh, what are you doing here Gregory? Aren't you supposed to be at work?" She stammered.

"No, I've only been working some fill in time at the video store. I didn't have a full-time job to come back to this summer."

My parent's house was in a fairly rural neighborhood. All of the houses were built on four and five acre lots. Though it wasn't completely private, the distance between houses and the fact that it was mid-morning on a weekday provided ample privacy. The sound of an occasional car passing by reminded you that you were not completely private. I grabbed another chaise lounge chair and pulled it next to Christine. My eyes played over every inch of her naked back, defined legs, and shapely ass. And she knew I was looking as she tried to hide her embarrassment.

"So you just want to hang out here on the deck?" She asked.

"Sure. Don't worry; I'm not bothered that you wanted to catch a little sun without the tan lines." 

"I'm sure you're not!" She nervously shot back.

"So, how's your job and apartment coming along?" I asked, trying to put her at ease.

"The apartment will be fine once the current landlord finishes repairs from the previous tenant. Nothing major, just some minor sprucing up. Though, I'll admit I'm a bit nervous about the job. It's a change, but I was ready to retire from basketball. It was fun, but you can't get rich at it like the men's game."

We continued chatting, catching up and talking about our future plans and current events. Christine was feeling more at ease as we talked. I was enjoying the conversation, but I couldn't help but think that she was so pretty, and laying in front of me without a thread of clothing. I decided to get a little daring.

"Your back looks like the lotion isn't covering it very well. Do you want me to spread some on your back so you don't get burned?"

Christine looked at me for a second, "Ok," she said carefully.

I picked up the bottle and poured a generous amount of lotion into the palm of my hand. Sitting on the side of the chaise lounge next to Christine, I began to spread the lotion over her smooth skin with the palms of my hands. Rubbing up and down her bare back.

"Your shoulders feel a little tense. Relax, Chris." I said.

Using my thumbs, I firmly kneaded the muscles in her neck and shoulders. It felt good to touch her smooth, warm body. Her body relaxed the more I massaged her neck and back. Judging from her breathing, Christine was enjoying this too.

"Mmmmmmm, Greg that feels good. I think I'm glad you showed up."

Smiling, I continued to rub her shoulders next to her neck. I slowly brought my lips to the back of her bare neck and gently kissed her.

"Oh God," she gasped at a whisper. 

"Roll over" I whispered.

Christine twisted her body so she was looking at me. Slowly, nervously, I pressed my lips to hers. She hesitantly pecked my lips with a small kiss. But I continued to gently peck her lips. Her mouth opened and our tongues met. Hesitantly at first, but the intensity grew. We were both breathing hard as we kissed, deeply.

Christine rolled over and was sitting up on the lounge chair. Her pink nipples were erect ahs they pressed against my body. I reached down and gently massaged her soft breast, circling her hard nipple with my index finger.

"Fuck yea, Greg." She moaned.

Slowly I kissed my way down her neck brushing my lips over the hard nub at the end of her firm breast. I circled her swelling nipple with my tongue. Flicking it. Sucking it.

I sat back and looked at Christine for a moment. She was gorgeous. I pulled my shirt up over my head, dropping it aside on the deck. I stood up to pull down my jogging shorts. As the waistband slid down my hips it pulled my erection down with it, causing it to bounce back up like a diving board as I slid them down my legs to kick them off.

Christine sat up to watch me undress as she smiled seductively. A smile I had never seen before from her, but had fantasized about. She laid back to open her tan thighs for me, exposing the pleasure I was about to savor. 

I knelt at the foot of the lounge chair, moving my face to the pleasure she had opened for me. Her lips were a dark pink, topped by a triangle of trimmed black fur. Her body shuddered as my tongue traced her moistening lips. As I eagerly tongued her hard clit, her lust dripped from her soft opening. She was panting and moaning as I gently sucked and licked her swollen clitoris. 

My cock was aching to slide into her hot, wet slit. And from the way Christine was writhing on the chair, I could tell she needed to be filled. I slid my body up and we were face to face. Hungrily we kissed each other. The shaft of my hard cock was resting against her soaking wet opening. 

"Oh fuck yea Greg! Go inside." She pleaded. 

I reared my hips back so the swollen mushroom head of my dripping cock was positioned to enter her. We both shuddered as I slid deep inside her with one forceful thrust. We laid there for a second, staring into each others eyes. She was completely around me as I completely filled her. Beads of perspiration formed and began to trickle down her forehead. We kissed deeply and lustfully.

I raised my hips to begin fucking her. Christine's calves were pressed against my ass, pushing me forward. In and out, I pumped her wet pussy. She was so wet and warm. The sensations her body gave me felt incredible.

We were both grunting with animal lust as I pistoned in and out. Her body shuddered each time I thrusted forward and her juices were dripping down my shaft and balls. Our sweaty bodies were grinding against each other in pure, carnal lust. Christine dug her nails into my back as she exclaimed, "You're about to make me cum, Greg!"

Christine was fucking back against me with increased fervor. The slapping of our bodies and moans of pleasure were building to a crescendo that could only end in orgasm. 

"Oh shit Greg, Ooooohhhh!"

Her pussy tightened around my thrusting penis as her body shook with orgasm. I pulled out and slid my juice slickened shaft against her throbbing clit. I gasped as the first rope of white semen erupted from my cock. Several more strands spurted from my hard cock, coating Christine's thick black pubic patch. 

We lay there, wrapped in each other's embrace for a long time, basking in our afterglow of emotion and physical ecstasy. We drifted off to sleep that way. I awoke from my short cat-nap alone. Christine had gone inside to shower. The moment had been special, but we knew we had to keep it secret. Even though we were not blood relatives, we knew there was a certain taboo to what we had done. For our families' sake, we could not be open lovers. But that didn't mean we didn't privately reminisce about that afternoon in the sun.