 I was sitting on the couch backwards, leaning over the back and digging around on the desk. The cool autumn breeze came in through the screen door, delicate afternoon sunlight playing through the swaying vertical blinds.

"It's not here," I said. "I can't find the cable." I rested back on my heels and looked at her. She was distracted, running her hand over my thigh, which was stretched taut and bulged because of how I sat.

"Mmm," she said. "I like this muscle." I smiled. I know her moods well, and I could tell she was becoming aroused. I flexed my leg slightly.

"Is it turning you on?" I asked, half joking. She closed her eyes and turned her head to the side in that cute, pretend shy way she has. Her lip curled in a sexy smile.

"Maybe," she said, indicating a small amount with her thumb and forefinger. The long, smooth white flesh of her neck was exposed to me and I leaned in, kissing it. I pressed myself into her and moved around her neck with my mouth, gently biting and sucking, licking. She always laughs about how wet it is when I'm done with it, but she loves it. I can't resist that little valley between her neck and shoulder, where it dips a little bit. I can feel it calling to me, and I cover her with kisses.

She pressed her cheek against mine and kissed my earlobe. Her thick, beautiful chestnut hair swept against my face. I've always been a lover of beautiful hair, and hers is the most amazing I have ever seen. Thick and strong, beautiful brown, I love the way it smells and feels. She has it pulled back in a ponytail, and this burgundy, elastic band thing pulled back over her scalp. It's ridiculously cute and every time I see her wearing it my heart rate increases.

Her kisses are very tender, very sweet. She is so affectionate. 

"Do you want to go to the bedroom?" I asked. I can feel her blush a little bit. So many times together, and she still gets a little sheepish about it. She nods sweetly. I held her hand as I stood up, and pulled her up after me. I followed her down the hallway to the bedroom, watching her plump, shapely ass wiggle as she walked. I slapped it sharply and she hooted in surprise.

Once in the bedroom, she quickly stripped off her clothes and slid under the sheets. I followed suit and cozied up next to her. Her flesh was cool and soft. I love the way her hips feel under my roving hands. They're always moving, I can't get enough of the feel of her. She loves the way I squeeze her butt and as I do she presses herself up against me. God, she's driving me crazy today. I don't know what it is, but she is driving me wild.

I struggled for a moment with her bra -- I've removed these things a thousand times, but I can never seem to get the hang of it, and just when I think I'm getting better, I get tangled up in another one and embarass myself. It takes me a minute but I finally get the thing off. Her breasts are wonderful, soft mounds of pale flesh, capped with nipples that I love so much. They're perfect, chewable little brownish nubs. I leaned over and sucked the left one into my mouth, tickling it with my tongue. Her eyes closed and she leaned back, sighing and smiling.

I slipped my hand down between her legs and cupped her sex. She hasn't shaved it in a while, and that's okay, I love that. It's very womanly, shaved pussy is a little weird to me. It's good for oral, I guess, but I like the way her hair feels between my fingers, the way it hides her little treasures. I dig my fingers in and apply gentle pressure to her clitoris. I know just the way she likes to be touched. I started rubbing it in small circles. Her back arched and she sighed again.

Her body felt amazing, writhing up against me. I was rock hard, unbelievably turned on. She's so sexy, and just for me. She told me before that I'm the only man who could ever get her off, and I know all the tricks to her, all the pieces to her sexy little puzzle.

I tried to move from her nipple up to her neck, once, because I love kissing her neck. But she protested, imploring me to return my attentions to the hard pebble of flesh, so I did. I lowered my head to the one on the right, and she reached up to squeeze her left one. Watching her pinch and pull it turned me on so much; she never really did that before, and seeing her so aroused was really getting me worked up.

My hand moved faster, crushing her tiny clit. Her breathing quickened and her body tightened, and I knew her orgasm was coming. I love getting her off. Suddenly she stopped.

"Wait!" she said, breathlessly. "Wait, wait." I stopped, thinking something was wrong. "Put your cock in me." I grinned, taken aback. She wasn't usually this direct, but I love it when she is. Without hesitating I got up over her, spreading her legs apart with my knees. She reached down and grabbed me, directing my hardness into her.

Her pussy was incredibly tight, tighter than I had ever felt it before. Her face and chest wer flushed. It took a bit of effort but I finally got inside her. I started working it back and forth, in and out. Her eyes were closed and a wide smile spread across her face. She rested her hands behind her head. Her breathing stayed quick.

"Are you going to come?" I asked. Usually the only way she comes when we fuck is when she's on top, but she was giving all the signs now, and I was excited.

"I want to," she said. "Sit up." I sat up and rested on my knees, holding onto her thighs. She started rubbing her clitoris. I reached out, balance carefully, and grabbed her nipples, pinching and squeezing. "Deeper!" she said. I pushed into her as far as I could go. After a moment she stopped rubbing, and the look came over her face. I knew what was going to happen.

Her breath caught in her throat and her whole body stiffened. I could see it building up inside of her. It broke, like flood waters bursting through a dam. I grinned, driving my cock in and out as hard as I could. She moaned and writhed, coming on my dick. She bucked her hips once and it popped out. Briefly, before I shoved it back in, I marvelled at it; my erection was bigger than I'd ever seen it, deep burgundy, the huge head purple and throbbing. It was a sight to behold.

I slammed it back into her. Her orgasm had stopped, but as I worked her pussy another one started coming on. She had that look on her face that she gets, like she was watching a plane crash. 

"Oh God!" she cried. Her whole body started shaking, and her pussy squeezed my dick. I felt my orgasm start down in the base of my sack, like a freight train barreling down the track. I relaxed and let it happen, feeling her muscles spasm around my cock. "Oh God! Oh God!" she kept repeating. Her voice cracked as she yelled.

Finally I came, shooting my hot load in her tight pussy, pump after pump. She bore down and came again, her body vibrating like a violin string. I growled with the force of my orgasm, my face centimeters from hers. She opened her eyes and stared into mine: she loves watching me cum inside her. I kept going, thrusting it into her for as long as I could, pressing against her and going as deep as it would reach.

I collapsed on top of her, breathing heavily. She was still moaning, body occasionally twitching. Her vaginal muscles fluttered around my deflating cock. After a few minutes I felt it squeeze out of her and I rolled off to the side, keeping my arms wrapped around her. She was so warm and soft. I rubbed her thigh and leg, still pressed up against her wonderful body. She feels so incredible.

"I love you," I said.

"I love you too," she answered. "You're my favorite." We laid there under the window, holding each other as the sun died and the night came on.