 The park was packed with people, basking in the heat of the late afternoon sun. A random scattering of blankets and bodies. Some at play, others at lazy rest. And a couple... well, like swans on the nearby lake, their slow, unhurried moves gave no hint of the frantic thoughts paddling beneath the surface.

Sandra and Andy lay side by side on the thin quilt, an island of contemplative bliss in the sea of green grass. She on her back, the straps of her flimsy dress pulled off her slender shoulders so the tan would hopefully be even-ish there. He, in shorts, lay on his front. With a subtle unhurried loll Sandra flipped over, twitched her straps again and, chin on crossed arms, whispered, "Time to turn, lover. Or your back'll burn."

There was an awkward pause, the only sound muffled distant cries of people at play, birds singing, and bodies sizzling.

"I can't." Andy finally whispered back.

After a moment's further considering, Sandra eased over on her side and hitched her head on her hand. "Worried I might tickle your tum?" she said teasingly, and began to tip-toe two fingers over his reddening, sweatened spine.

"Worried you might tickle more than that." he gasped. "I'm as hard as fuck. Must be the heat"

A smile played over Sandra's lips, like the shadow of a solitary cloud passing over the hot land. Sultry sensuality added to the burning of her body.

"We could... y'know, always go back to the car?" she suggested. Cramped, but a bit more private. Almost.

Andy hissed, "I daren't get up. It feels huge and very very obvious."

"Now you're just teasing." Sandra sighed, the urge of desire raising the bar of her libido. And she eased him up briefly, noticing the massive bulge under him before he flicked her away. Yep, very obvious.

"You need to do something about that." Sandra said.

"Well I'm open to suggestions." Andy replied. So, Sandra considered, was she. Very open.

She thought a few more moments. There wasn't a raincloud in the wide blue sky but she was getting wet. Drenched almost, at the tantalising tickle of thought focused on the enormous erection hidden under Andy. Then, with a toss of her dark reddish hair, she called, "Be right back!" and skipped off in the direction of the car pack. 

Trapped by his turmoil, Andy could only lie there, back blistering and the heat making him ever harder, even more huge. The brief moments felt like an eternity before her shadow once again fell over him. From his low viewpoint, he could see up the thin dress, his gaze running wildly past the reddened thighs to the untouched-by-sun pale skin above. A patch of trimmed dark fluffiness, with a hint of moisture glistening as it caught some shining sunbeams through the light fabric.

Pretending it was a hanky, she dropped the panties in front of him and, blown by the slight summer breeze, the subtle scent of her drifted into her nostrils. The coloured cotton had dampness on it, drying now, but a sign almost as obvious as his of the arousal that had caused them.

She knelt beside him, and he could now see she carried a towel, a couple of tubes and a small packet. The coconut scent of the factor 20 being massaged onto him mixed with her own.

"I don't see how that helps... " Andy began, but then she was flipping him over, the towel covering his midriff. As one hand rubbed a bit more lotion on his chest, the other slipped under the towel, fumbling with the button and zip. His eyes widened.

"What the fuck are you...?" He hissed, but she put her coconut scented finger to his lips and ran her palm under his bum, indicating he should lift a bit so the shorts could be slipped lower. He did as her hand bid, and brief tugs did the rest. The towel sprung up slightly in front of her as unseen pressing hardness pushed it up.

Quickly slapping some more lotion on her fingers, she swung her knee over, straddling the towel. Sandra's eyes said everything as once more she sensually massaged it on him. Then handed him the other tube. Your turn, she smiled. And from behind, eased the towel away from under her.

Andy peered at the clear tube of lube. Ooooh. Did she really need any, seeing how wet she was? She continued to rub lotion on his arms while her thighs hovered just over him, hidden by the dress. No-one nearby knew there was no longer any barrier of undies. He squeezed a cool clear worm from the tube and as casually he could run his hand under the hem, to smooth it on his naked cock and the hot folds that ached to embrace it. He started to guide it up but she gripped his shoulder in a firm 'no'. 

"Let me find you." she whispered, as she continued to massage and finger his chest. To all around her, the slow wiggling of her hips was just as playful, the spread of hem hiding the fact she was also caressing his cock with her warm wet folds. Couldn't see as she leant forward to kiss him, so the burning tip at last sprung up and in, and with a lazy move she settled back, letting her smile say everything as he slowly filled her, as she satisfyingly surrounded him. The lube eased all friction, a soothing balm to both their heat but which made the joining all the more blissful.

There could be no wild, powerful pounding or writhing in so public a place so Sandra let her twat do the work, a lil twitch there, soft squeezes on his stiff shaft, and within her, Andy trembled and quivered in response. His heat burned into her like the sun on her back as slowly, almost imperceptibly, her thighs rocked over his hips. As she had massaged his hot burnt body with her hands, now her intimacies caressed his horny heat and used her own lotion to soothe him.

Raw ripples of rapture slowly brought Andy to an unhurried climax, as the sun dipped behind the high trees edging the park and long shadows started to cover their naughtiness. Most people, now done to a turn on the public barbecue, had packed up to go and complain about how burnt they were, leaving the coupled couple to finish their slow furtive fuck. Andy bit his lip, closed his eyes and gasped as Sandra gripped his girth one last lingering time and sent him over the edge. Now it was his turn to squirt some lotion, to massage her insides with a burning blissful balm. Her fingers gently clawed his chest to tell him how good that was, as her thighs trembled and bare toes curled with the effort of keeping her own orgasm obscured. And at long last, his enormously erotic erection slowly melted from her heat, softening to a stickily small size that was less embarrassing.

Savoring the last of his shrinking swelter, Sandra opened the packet of tissues and knelt up so Andy plopped out of her, and they continued to use the curtain of her dress to hide the mopping up, and ease his shorts back up. Who mattered if there were saucy splashes of dubious nature on his shorts and her dress as they packed up... that the coconut scent was tinged with a sharpness only the initiated would recognise. 

After all that lotion gets everywhere.