 My favorite time of year has to be fall. I love the smells, the cooler weather, the look. But most of all I love football. There is something so primal about curly up on the couch on Sunday afternoons and watching football all day. I don’t care who’s playing. I’ll watch all games, picking a favorite to cheer for that day. My latest boyfriend, TJ, was just getting to know this side of me. We’d been dating since March. He’d gotten glimpses of my football obsession when pre-season started but it was the first weekend in September when he really got indoctrinated. For the first two weekends of the season, he sat back, watching and listening. I’d look over and he’d be smiling at me. It was about to get better.

The third weekend, we were watching football at his place. TJ has an amazing flat screen tv. Sunday afternoon, I showed up on his doorstep in faded blue jeans and a Tampa Bay Bucs jersey. We settled on his couch, soda in my hand, beer in his. The game started. My choice for today’s game - Tampa Bay. TJ took Green Bay. When I watch football, I get competitive. TJ teased me, prodding me, that Green Bay was going to kill Tampa. I didn’t back down, touting the Bucs defense.  As TJ reached for his beer, he smiled at me, “Wanna make it more interesting?”

“Whatta ya have in mind?” Mentally, I counted in my head how much money I had in my wallet and car. 

“Let’s put your mouth behind your team. If Green Bay scores, you give me a blow job.” TJ sat back, looking at me, waiting.

This was not what I had expected but it definitely would make the game more interesting. “What if Tampa scores? What do I get?”

TJ grinned. “If Tampa scores, I’ll lick you. How bout it? Are you in?”

I felt a shiver wash over me. Talk about being behind your team. “What the hell. I’m in.”

We sat back, both of us waiting for the first score. The first series went quickly. Tampa, three and out. Green Bay took the punt. Favre moved them down the field to the ten yard line. I thought this was it. Suddenly, Derrick Brooks jumped in, intercepted and ran back to the fifty. Again, we went back and forth, each team moving up and down the field but without scoring. As the first quarter came to and end, neither team had scored. Both TJ and I were wound tight. I could see a bulge in his sweats, the anticipation was getting at him. For myself, I knew my panties were damp. As the second quarter started, Brett Favre threw the ball down field. I held my breath as Driver’s feet touched down in the end zone, the ball tucked in his arms. Green Bay had scored first. 

TJ whooped and sat back. “Time to pay up.” 

I watched as the extra point was kicked and good. Standing, I stood in front of TJ. Slowly I knelt. I pulled at the elastic around his waist, pulling his sweats down. I tossed them to the side. Next, I reached up and took hold of his boxers. Pulling them down and off, I looked back at TJ. His cock was hard and standing straight at attention. I looked over my shoulder as I heard the kick off. Tampa had the ball. Spreading TJ’s legs, I crawled between them. Looking up at him, I wrapped my hand gently around the base of his cock and squeezed. TJ jumped and moaned. Leaning over, I licked the underside of his dick, sliding my tongue up and down his length, getting him wet and slick. TJ moaned as my lips closed around the tip of his cock and pushed down. 

I listened to the game in the background as I worked my mouth up and down his shaft, sucking and nibbling on him. TJ was moaning, thrusting his cock upwards into my throat. My fingers worked the base of his cock, stroking and squeezing him. TJ’s hands wound themselves in my hair as he pushed my head down on his lap. I rolled my mouth around him, sucking hard and fast. I tasted the first drop of cum and sucked harder. Wrapping my hands around his balls, I sucked hard on his tip and pulled his orgasm from him. My mouth filled with his cream as he moaned and pushed upwards. I sucked, swallowing every last drop. 

Sitting back on my knees, I licked my lips. I looked over at the tv and saw Tampa Bay moving down field. I wished for a score. My pussy was dripping from the blow job. I crawled up on the couch and looked over at TJ. His cock was limp in his lap. He left it uncovered. I watched him throbbing. He smiled at me, “God, I love Green Bay.”

The second quarter moved on, neither team doing much. As the second quarter came to a close, Favre again made a long throw, this time finding Driver just on the three yard line. The next play, a hand off to Green for a touchdown. TJ leaned back, his hand gripping his cock, stroking his growing dick. “You lose again.”

I looked at the tv and then back at TJ. Sitting up on my knees, I leaned over, resting my arm on the couch. TJ’s cock was semi-limp and growing harder by the second. This time, I used only my mouth, not my hands. Sliding my mouth down around his cock, I sucked slowly this time. Twisting my mouth, I moved up and down on his shaft, pulling him hard into my mouth. TJ moaned and pushed upwards. His hands moved down and cupped my jean-covered ass, squeezing firmly. I moaned over his cock. Sliding my mouth up and down, I used my teeth against him, scraping up the side of his cock. TJ was panting, moaning, begging me to suck harder. My hair fell down, covering my face as I sucked on his dick. TJ’s cock was hard as a rock in my mouth as I listened to the half time commentary. 

Sucking harder, I pulled TJ into my mouth and then plunged down on him again. The tip of his cock touched and bounced away from my throat. I sucked harder, pulling, twisting. I tasted his cum again and squeezed the head of his cock with my lips. TJ moaned and burst in my mouth, filling me with his warm cum. I sucked, swallowing.

Sitting back up, I smiled and told him Tampa better score soon. TJ grinned and said he hoped Favre had one more in him cause he sure did. We sat back, watching the start of the second half. On the third play of the third quarter, Brad Johnson found Keyshawn Johnson and scored their first touch down. I looked over at TJ, “My turn. On your knees.”

TJ smiled and I knew he was looking forward to this. He knelt in front of me, telling me stand up. Standing, I looked down and watched as TJ slowly unzipped my jeans and pushed them down. I shivered in anticipation. Stepping out of them, I started to slide my panties down. TJ stopped me, “Leave them. For now.”

I sat back down and TJ slowly ran his hands up my thighs. My panties were wet, dripping. Biting my lower lip, I waited for TJ. I looked up at the game and watched a punt as TJ’s lips touched the inside of my right thigh. I moaned as the tip of his finger rubbed against my panties, pushing them against my lips. Slowly, TJ’s finger rubbing my slit, pushing my panties further aside with each stroke. I watched Keyshawn grab a ball out of the air as TJ’s tongue touched my pussy. Moaning, I closed my eyes and leaned back. TJ’s tongue circled my clit and then moved down to lick me slowly. Moaning, I writhed in place. TJ clasp my thighs in his hands, holding me still. His tongue pushed inside me, parting my lips, and sliding up and down. My pussy was dripping with each movement. I felt my orgasm building. As I begged him to make me cum, I felt my clit hardened, my pussy tighten. TJ slipped a finger inside me just as his mouth closed over my clit and I exploded in orgasm, shaking and moaning. TJ kept licking, sucking, drinking my juices. 

As TJ sat back on the couch, his cock hard between his legs again, I leaned back and smiled. This was exactly how football Sunday should be. We watched the game, waiting for the next score. We didn’t have to wait long. Green Bay scored a third time, taking a forty yard run in for a touchdown. This time, TJ stood and positioned himself in front of me. Reaching up, I took his cock in my hands, stroking him. I couldn’t believe how hard he was, even after coming twice already. 

TJ crawled up on the couch, his hands braced on the wall behind the couch. Reaching up, I took TJ’s hard rod in my mouth, closing my lips around him and sucking hard. Wrapping my arms around him, I grabbed his ass and pushed him into my mouth. As TJ fucked my face, I sucked harder and harder. I wanted him to cum fast. I wanted to prove I could make him cum fast. Rolling my tongue around him, I closed my lips, pushing my cheeks in as I sucked him. TJ was thrusting his cock into my mouth, pulling out and pushing back in, literally fucking my mouth. My fingers played with his balls, squeezing and tugging gently on them. TJ was moaning. I felt his cock getting harder and harder, building to an orgasm, but TJ was holding back. I knew just what to do.

Slipping my finger in my mouth, I sucked it and then took his cock back between my lips. As I sucked him, my hands moved around to his ass again. As my teeth bit gently down on the tip of his cock, I pushed my finger slowly into his tight ass. TJ moaned, threw his head back and pushed his cock deeper into my mouth. As my finger worked deeper into his ass, TJ thrust his cock further down my throat. Suddenly, TJ moaned loud, and filled my mouth with his third load of cream. 

As TJ crawled down off the couch, he smiled at me. I sat back, feeling my pussy tingling again, wanting to be touched again. Another couple of minutes passed. The fourth quarter was starting as Tampa Bay ran in for another touchdown. This time, I stood and slipped my panties off. TJ pushed me back into the corner of the couch, opening my legs. Where the first time had been slow and easy, this time, TJ was aggressive. His mouth covered my pussy, sucking my nether lips into his mouth. I moaned and pushed up. Using two fingers to hold me open, TJ flicked his tongue up and down, around and around, my pussy and my clit. He ate me with an appetite I couldn’t resist. I was moaning, thrashing on the couch. 

TJ’s lips wrapped themselves around my hard clit, sucking as he slipped two fingers deep inside me. I was thrusting up to his mouth, begging him to eat me, to lick my fucking pussy. As his tongue was buried deep inside me, Tampa Bay intercepted Favre, running it back for a touchdown. TJ looked up at the tv then back at me. “Defensive touchdown. This calls for something different.”

Standing, TJ flipped me over, my ass in the air, my hands braced on the couch. I looked over my shoulder and couldn’t believe TJ was hard again. I moaned and pushed backwards as TJ slid his cock against my pussy. Entering me slowly, TJ stretched my tight hole, filling me. I moaned, gripping the couch as he fucked me. TJ grabbed hold of my jersey with one hand, using it to ride me from behind. With his other hand, he reached around and slipped his finger inside my pussy along side his cock. I felt so full, but I was about to feel even fuller.

As TJ pounded my pussy, fucking me faster and faster, I felt him slid his finger over my tight little asshole. As the tip of his finger slid inside me, TJ thrust his cock harder and harder into my pussy. We were both moaning, nearly screaming. I looked over my shoulder, begging him to fuck me harder. TJ rammed his cock and his finger into my holes, filling me, telling me how tight my fucking pussy was, how tight my little ass was. I felt my orgasm build again. I told him I was going to cum all over his cock. He pounded me harder and I erupted in a huge orgasm. TJ thrust into my pussy a few more times and then filled me. Pulling out, I felt his warm cream drip onto my ass. I collapsed on the couch and TJ collapsed next to me. 

Panting, we smiled and watched the end of the game. As the second game was getting ready to start, I looked over at TJ. “I pick New York.” TJ’s eyes brightened and his cock twitched. “God bless Sunday football.”