 It's finally Sunday, my day for rest and relaxation before I go back to work again on Monday. I had gotten up early to clean up a little before my wife woke up; she had a lot of her family over last night for cake and drinks.

It's noon now, and it's still a bit chilly outside, so I head up to my 'office' which is mostly where I play video games. I pour myself a glass of Chivas, my favorite blended Scotch, and turn on my Playstation 3. I decide to work on Final Fantasy 13, as I pull on my surround sound headphones and sink into my favorite chair.

I've been playing for about an hour or so, making my way through Cocoon and enjoying my Scotch. Out of nowhere, I feel my headphones being carefully slid down off my ears onto my shoulders. My wife, Erica, must have slipped in, as my back is to the door. She leans close to my ear and whispers "I would suggest pausing that for a few minutes" before running her tongue along my ear lobe and pulling it into her mouth. I smell her Vera Wang perfume as she runs her hands through my thick hair. Her heels click against the hardwood floor as she walks around to the front of me, blocking my view of the television. Her beautiful thick body nicely fills a pair of violet satin boy cut panties. My eyes follow her legs down to my favorite pair of black Mary Jane heels. Her black knee-high stockings cling tightly to her calves. 

She slowly squats down and shifts onto her knees. My eyes lock on the knot of the tie that I wore last night, which she is now wearing along with my thin white button-down shirt. It's tied at the bottom letting her lightly tanned stomach show. Her bleached-blonde hair has been pulled into pigtails which just about touch her shoulders.

I manage to get around to hitting the pause button on my Dual Shock 3 controller as she unbuttons my jeans and slips a hand inside to feel my cock which is already rock hard. You can see the excitement in her eyes as she tugs on my jeans. I lift my ass out of the chair a bit and she tugs the jeans down to my knees. She pushes them down to my ankles and then does the same with my boxers. She gently runs her black fingernails along my inner thigh until her fingers wrap around my solid dick. 

She pushes my throbbing cock up towards my stomach and leans in to lick from the bottom of my shaft all the way up to the head. I watch as all seven and a half inches disappear into her glossy ruby red lips. I hear a slight gag just before she slowly pulls her mouth off of my cock, leaving it covered in a thick layer of saliva. A thin streak of mascara runs down her cheek as she gives my slippery dick a few strokes with her hand. She smiles as I grab her tie and start to untie it. Just as it comes free she leans down again and takes my cock into her mouth.

She sucks gently at first, sliding her mouth up and down my shaft slowly. A slight slurping noise escapes her lips each time she reaches the top. I put my hand on the back of her head and guide her head all the way down. I hold her head down for a few seconds as she sucks and then let her go. She comes up, gasping for air as a few more streaks of mascara run down her face. She goes back in, this time aggressively, as she sucks harder and goes deeper. Saliva runs down my shaft and the slurping and sucking noises intensify. 

My thighs tense up and my knees start quivering as her unrelenting mouth surrounds my cock. I grab her pigtails and use them to pull her head off my throbbing dick. "Please let me taste your cum, baby" she begs. She starts slowly unbuttoning her shirt. I reach up and quickly pull the shirt apart. I can hear the buttons bounce around room as I look at her freshly exposed D cup breasts. She fondles them and runs her pink tongue around her swollen red lips while staring right into my eyes. "Please fuck my dirty little mouth" she pleads. Her pouty face quickly turns to one of joy as I grab her pigtails again and pull her head down into my lap. 

I pull her head down as I thrust up with my hips. Slowly at first, but before long I am fucking her face the same way I fuck her tight pink pussy. She sucks harder as my legs quiver. "Oh God, I'm cum!" I exclaim. The sucking gets even harder as I give one final tug on her pigtails and I shoot my cum deep into her mouth. I move my hand to the back of her head, to keep it in place as my cum sneaks out of her mouth and down my shaft. I feel her swallow the cum still in her mouth as I slump back into my chair. She licks the remaining cum off of my shaft before coming up and giving me a big smile. She licked her lips one last time to make sure she got it all before giving me a quick kiss on the lips. 

Erica stood up and walked over to my desk, her boobs jiggled with each loud step she took. She opened the drawer and pulled out my bottle of Chivas and refilled my empty glass. After putting it back, she knelt down and picked up my controller and handed it back to me. She turned around and strutted out of the room in the sexiest manner possible, leaving me pant-less and amazed at what had just happened.