 I was lounging around the house sipping tea. It was a dull Sunday afternoon and I wondered what the day had in store. I was wondering what to do to liven myself up. I absentmindedly reached down and caressed my shaven pussy. I was in the mood for a hard fuck from some fit, young stud.

I set down my tea and padded into the bedroom to get dressed. Removing my robe, I stood and admired myself in the full-length mirror. At thirty-five I had already been divorced, had no kids, but still maintained a fantastic body with regular visits to the gym. I touched my taut nipples and was shocked at how sensitive they were. I desperately needed a fuck. 

I pulled on a pair of white panties that immediately slipped up the crack of my ass at the back, and that were transparent. I then slipped on a bra that barely covered my brown nipples. A leather miniskirt and a red top finished my ensemble. And I was ready for a day of fucking. 

***

I pulled my red Mini Cooper into the parking lot of my local supermarket. 

I'd found out, after years of "research", that the best place to meet really sexy guys was at a supermarket. They seemed to understand the deep-needs of a woman.

It was on isle twelve that I saw him. He had the cutest ass I had ever seen. He was wearing tight jeans and a polo top. When he turned around, he had a gorgeous boyish looking face. God, I hope he's not gay, I thought.

I suddenly remembered I needed some bread. I bent over to reach the bread. My tight buttocks were directly in his view. This was the all-important test. When I stood up and turned around I saw the flustered look on his face and the slight bulge in his pants.

Great, now the next step I thought. 

"Hello, my name is Donna." 

"Hi, I'm Phil, nice to meet you."

"Look," I began, "I'm not usually this forward, but I'm extremely attracted to you."

"The feeling is definitely mutual."

"Would you like to come to my house and have a little lunch?" I asked, batting my lush eyelashes at him.

It didn't take any thought on Phil's part. He immediately said, "Sure."

We hopped into his black Merc and pulled onto the road. Instantly, Phil had his hand on my knee. Seeing no resistance, he slowly slid it up my leg. My leather skirt rode up around my shapely waist as Phil slid his hand under my panties. "God, your wet," he said.

"I need a fuck badly! Fuck me now. I can't wait any longer," I moaned, as I spread my legs and placed my hands over my erect nipples. 

Phil felt the same way, I surmised, as I looked down at Phil's cock straining against his jeans. 

Phil found a convenient dirt road and pulled into a lake front parking lot surrounded by trees. It was winter so no one was around, but it didn't matter. We needed each other way too much to worry about people seeing.

Phil stopped the car and immediately bent over my luscious cunt. He pulled the crotch of my panties aside and began to rub my clit. My musky woman scent invaded his nostrils as he moved his face closer. 

He buried his face in my cunt and lapped up my cunt juice. He moved his tongue over my clit and nearly drove me over the brink. 

"Oh god, baby, that feels so good. Oh fuck, I need it so bad. Fuck me with your tongue," I moaned, as I ripped at my blouse and bra - I needed to fondle my tits. 

I vigorously rubbed and tweaked my nipples. I was almost there. "Oh Phil, I'm going to cum. Don't stop! Fuck me. Finger me, Phil! PLEASE!"

Phil sank two digits into my tight, now very wet, cunt. He began to pull them in and out while keeping up the constant suction on my clit. I reached my climax and began to cum. Rivulets of cunt cream ran down Phil's fingers and onto the upholstery. 

I moaned and pinched and pulled at my nipples to the point of pain. 

After my orgasm I leaned back in the seat to catch my breath. Phil removed his fingers and gave me a long kiss. I stuck my tongue in his mouth and tasted my own cunt juice. I began to grow excited all over again. 

"That was fantastic, Phil, but now I'd like to repay the favour." 

I leaned over and unzipped his jeans to reveal his seven-inch cock straining against his underpants. I pulled it out and placed the spongy bulb in my mouth. I tasted a drop of his salty pre-cum and grew even more aroused. 

"You taste delicious, Phil. Cum in my mouth. I want to taste your cum. Remember, you did promise me lunch." 

Phil wasn't about to disagree, as his cock grew even bigger and harder.

I teased the tip of Phil's rod with my tongue then all at once took the length of it into my mouth. I prided myself on giving good head and it was all paying off as I felt the tip of Phil's beautiful cock against the back of my throat. Phil groaned his approval as I increased the suction. 

"God damn, you can really suck cock! I'm gonna cum in a second, baby." 

I didn't answer. I was too busy bringing Phil to an orgasm. I loved the taste of cum. I took Phil's dick out of my mouth and circled the tip with my tongue, then I blew on the spit-covered rod sending shivers up Phil's spine. Then once again I took the length of it down my throat.

Phil began to shake. His thighs moved back and forth in an uncontrollable fucking motion. "I'm gonna cum! Here it comes! Oh god that's good!" Phil's cock jerked as the hot liquid shot out into my now waiting mouth. 

I swallowed as fast as I could, but some escaped onto my lips and down my chin. After the last of Phil's cum was spent, I took the sticky tool out of my mouth, gave it a soft kiss, and tucked it back into Phil's underwear. I wiped the cum off of my chin with my finger and passionately licked it clean. 

"That was fantastic, Phil, but now let's head back to my place. I need a REAL fuck, so bad. Do you think you could get it up again anytime soon?" I said, jokingly, looking at his still semi-erect prick having at me from his lap.

Phil smiled and said, "For you, baby, anything." And he shoved himself back into his pants and started the car.