 This story is about one particular Sunday when my relationship with Keith went to a very different level.

As Keith and I got settled in our relationship, Sunday became our fun day together. He was a big sports fan; football, NASCAR racing, golf, etc.; etc. and his sports always seemed to be on TV, on Sunday. We would invariably stay at his place every Sunday and enjoy sports on TV, junk food and each other.

Sunday was also the day I would dress up for him in whatever outfit he picked out for me. We had so much fun from Keith dressing me when we went to Gulfstream Park; he started dressing me every Sunday. It became our tradition and I looked forward in anticipation for every Sunday to see what he had in store for me.

I would usually come over to his place around 11:00 AM, if I had not stayed over from the previous night, and he would have something for me to wear laid out on his bed. I would dress in whatever he chose for me and that would be my attire for the day. 

Some of the outfits he has chosen for me have been sheer teddies that were absolutely see-through, every variety of Fredrick's of Hollywood lingerie you can think of, his own tank top t-shirts that couldn't even come close to containing my tits, very thin, tight t-shirts with Daisy Duke type shorts and a couple of time there was nothing on the bed at all. The first time it happened, I said, "Keith, what am I supposed to wear today?" He replied, "Exactly what I laid out for you." I said, "There is nothing on the bed." He said, "That is exactly what you will be wearing today." So I was naked all day long, which is actually pretty fun, I must admit.

Not even once, did the outfit he picked out for me include a bra. He seems to love my big tits being unrestrained and accessible to him. I like that he likes me this way.

What also happen on Sunday, multiple times, are blowjobs. I love to give head, which I have mentioned in previous stories and Keith loves me to give him head, and Sunday has turned out to be the day we dedicate to this. The first BJ usually happens right after I put on whatever outfit he selected for me. I come out of the bedroom and pose in my "uniform." He will look me over and tell me what a hot bitch or amazing looking slut I am, (or something to this effect) and start feeling me up, and kissing me, and then he will lead me to wherever he wants me, pull his cock out of his pants and take me in the mouth until he comes; always in my mouth.

The first time each Sunday is definitely about him having his way with me and using me as a toy for his carnal pleasure and as a receptacle for his cum. I just follow his lead and let him do what he wants with me. It is my favorite time of the day and I often orgasm just from his reaction to me. Usually after he is done cumming and I am done swallowing it, he says something like, "Good to see you today Amber, how are you?" 

After that, we alternate between watching sports and me sucking his dick, or as is often the case, he watches sports while I suck his dick. Keith gets himself comfortable on the couch and turns on whatever sport happens to be his fascination for the day. I like when it is football, but not so much when it is something else. (I still cannot fathom he thinks watching golf is interesting). I will either watch with him or settle in with my head on his lap or read a magazine on the couch beside him. At some point in time during the afternoon, usually several points in time, it becomes Amber time and my favorite sport becomes the center of attention once again.

Sometimes it starts simply by him getting up and pulling out his dick and telling me suck him. Sometimes he starts rubbing my tits or pussy and then pulls me toward his cock and has me suck him. 

However is starts, I have two super favorite ways to suck him, which I think are his favorites as well. My most favorite way is to have him take his pants all the way off, sit on the couch or a chair, while I kneel in between his legs. I like my top to be off when I suck him this way because my tits swing while I am doing it, which he loves and I can occasionally move up and let my hanging tits rub each side of his cock, which drives him crazy. I also like that we can look each other in the eye when he is coming in my mouth, with is absolutely awesome. When I see the pleasure on Keith's face and at the same time feel his cock twitch and his taste his warm, salty semen on my tongue, I start cumming in wave after wave. Very intense!

My other favorite way to suck Keith is in a chair we have affectionately dubbed "Amber's chair." It is an old armchair with big fat, stuffed arms. I sit on the chair and Keith gets up and kneels on the chair facing me, one knee on one arm and the other knee on the other arm. When he is like this, his legs are spread and his cock and balls are right at mouth level for me. I like to put both my hands through his legs and cup an ass cheek with each hand and pull him into my mouth. When he cums I can feel every muscle in his body shudder and I feel like I am part of his orgasm as his semen pumps into my mouth. Again, I cum like crazy.

He has fucked me on Sunday occasionally, but for whatever reason our Sunday sex is 90% me sucking his cock. I guess it is just both our preferences. On average, I will suck him off usually three times during the course of the day, and a couple of times I did him four times. A guy has his limits he tells me. 

I really look forward to Sundays. I take time to make my face up, paying particular attention to my eyes and lips. I try to look both pretty and slutty for him. I love dressing in the sexy clothes he picks for me. I love giving him head and swallowing his cum. Sunday is my day with him. 

Which leads me to the day that is the focus of this story.

It started out like every other Sunday. I got to his house around 11:30. Apparently the Dolphins were playing some team that was pretty good, because Keith had been talking about this game all week. Laid out on the bed for me was something that halfway resembled a Dolphin cheerleader outfit. 

The bottoms were coral (not orange) hot pants, similar to what the cheerleaders wear. The back of them was Brazilian cut with the bottom half of my butt exposed. The top was an aqua colored Dolphins jersey, but it was cut off half way down. When I put it on it barely covered my breasts; it covered my nipples, but the bottoms of my breasts we visible. My entire belly was exposed up to the bottoms of my tits. There was also a pair of white, coral and aqua stockings that pulled up to just above my knees.

'Oh Boy,' I thought, 'this is going to be an interesting day.' How right I was, but for reasons other than what I thought.

Just as I was coming out from changing, eagerly expecting to be ravished and start the day off right, the doorbell rang.

In all our months of Sundays, the doorbell has never rung. 

"Hang tight, I'll get it," Keith shouted. 

"Hey Man, how are you? Come on in. You ready for today?" I heard. "Let me introduce you to Amber." Clearly whoever it was, was expected and I was not aware of it.

By this time I had ducked back into the bedroom, as I was not dressed for company.

Keith came into the bedroom with a smile on his face. "Come on out, I want to introduce you to a friend of mine," he said.

"Keith, I can't meet a anyone dressed like this," I replied.

"Amber, you are dressed perfect," he said. "Besides, Barry has seen you in a much more provocative pose, if you recall."

'Barry?' Then it hit me. Barry was the guy Keith was with the day after he took the "porn" picture of me with the cum running down lips and chin after I had given him head for the first time and could not swallow all his cum. Keith had taken a picture of me with his iPhone and when I call him it shows up on his screen. He was with Barry when I called him, and he had shown the picture to him.

Now he wanted me to meet him face to face!

He could see the look of hesitation on my face. Keith came over to me and put his arms around me and asked me to trust him. He reminded me that I had the same misgivings about going to the races dressed so provocatively, but it ended up being one of the best days of my life.

He pulled my mouth up to his and kissed me deeply and passionately. As his tongue explored and dominated my mouth, he grabbed my half bare ass with his other hand and pulled me tightly against his erection. 

He has a way of getting me to do what he wants. : -)

"Come on Amber, I want you to meet Barry." He took me by the hand and walked me into the kitchen where Barry was getting himself a beer.

"Barry, this is my girlfriend, Amber. Amber this is Barry." 

Barry could have been an NFL player. He was huge and muscular; one of those guys who must work out in the gym constantly. He had short cropped, black hair and was wearing black jeans and a black tank top t-shirt. He has various tattoos down each arm, one of which I remember being barbed wire across his biceps and another was of a naked woman on his forearm. I come across his type in my work as an x-ray technician at a sports rehab center all the time. One of those guys who think they are god's gift to women. I disliked him immediately. Besides, he was in my space and taking up my time.

As he shook my hand, he smiled and looked me over from head to toe. "Looks like we got our own personal cheerleader for the game today. I love it."

I did my best to smile.

We wandered into the media room where the TV was. In front of the TV was a long, four-seat couch. Keith sat at one end and Barry took up residence at the other end. 

Keith patted the seat next to him and asked me to join him. At first I sat beside him, but I felt like I was in between sports chat between the two guys, so I ducked down out of the way, curled up into a fetal position and lay down with my head on Keith's lap.

Keith gently rubbed and touched my body with his right hand. He felt my bare legs and butt, my bare stomach and sides and even slid his hand up under my "jersey" and felt my breasts.

I could feel Barry's eyes on me while he was doing this, so I rolled onto my back, with my head on Keith's lap and my legs bent and together, forming a sort of barrier Barry could not see me through and I would not have to see him. 

Yes, I can be a bitch sometimes.

Keith just looked down at me and smiled, oblivious to everything going on in my head.

Now that my face was looking up at him, he lightly rubbed the sides of my face with the back of his hand. He used his finger to trace my lips and then inserted his right index finger between my lips and rubbed my tongue and teeth. I tighten my hold on his finger with my lips and he moved his finger in and out of my lips, like it was his dick. (I give good finger too!) He was really teasing me.

Then he pulled his finger out of my mouth and went back to rubbing my body. He very lightly rubbed my bare tummy, slowly moving his hand up to my breasts. He pulled the little fabric covering my breasts up to my neck so they were exposed, and rubbed the sides and then started tracing my nipples with his finger. I had goose bumps all over my body and I was starting to get moist between my legs. All this was, of course, hidden from Barry by my leg wall.

After a few minutes, Keith again started rubbing my bare stomach in circles with his hand, venturing lower and lower each time around. He started slipping his fingers under the waste band of my shorts, but he could only get to the top of my pussy as I had my legs bent and together. He then brought his hand out and started trying to get his fingers down between my legs on the outside of my shorts, using his fingers to nudge my legs apart.

With Barry there, I was not budging. I kept my legs tight together and after a few minutes, Keith realized he was at an impasse. I was watching his face intently the entire time he had been teasing me and when he realized I was not spreading my legs for him, he looked down at me with this quizzical look on his face. I just stared back up at him with my jaws tight.

He smiled and then using both hands lifted my head and upper body up so we were face to face. He had my head cupped in his left hand, gave me a little kiss and then whispered in my ear "Amber, spread your legs." Then he moved my face back from his a short distance and looked me in the eye with a serious look, to let me know this was not optional. Then he slid me back down to where I was laying and started rubbing circles on my stomach again.

This time when his hand got down to my crotch and his fingers started nudging my legs apart, I let them go. He got enough room to allow his fingers to start rubbing my pussy through my pants, which got me wanting more, and at this point, I let my knees fall all the way apart. I looked through my parted legs and saw Barry staring at Keith's fingers rubbing my pussy. Then he looked up and saw my naked tits with the shirt pulled up to my neck. Then he looked me right in the eye.

I was lying on the couch between two men, my tits exposed, with my legs open towards a guy whom I didn't even know his last name. At first I felt degraded and humiliated and tears started to well up in my eyes. 'How could Keith treat me this way?'

But as Keith continued to rub my crotch and I saw the lust in the eyes of both men directed towards me, I began to get incredibly turned on. The same intense feelings I had when I was dressed like a whore at the track returned. I was not being humiliated; rather, I was being appreciated and enjoyed. Keith was so proud of his slutty girlfriend; he wanted to show me off to his friend. I freed my mind of negative thoughts; determined to enjoy the moment, and let the pleasure in.

At that moment my whole body shuddered with such an intense orgasm, both men noticed. "I think Amber likes the game," Keith smiled. "Yea, me too," said Barry. "She is beautiful.

"Let's get some of these clothes out of the way," Keith said. He pulled my shirt over my head and asked me to remove my pants. I put my legs back together and pushed the waistband off my hips. "Barry, do you want to give Amber a hand with her pants?" "Absolutely," replied Barry and he reached over and pulled them off my legs and down over my feet. I let my knees open up again. Keith then returned his hand to my pussy and started finger fucking me with two fingers as Barry looked on.

I needed a cock in my mouth so bad. I could feel Keith's erection with the back of my head, and I reached my hand back and started rubbing it through his jeans letting him know what I wanted.

"I told Barry what a great cock sucker you were and how much you enjoyed swallowing. Why don't you take Barry back to my bedroom and let him experience you firsthand," Keith told me.

So I was going to get a cock in my mouth, but not the one I thought it would be.

"OK!" was all I could muster as a reply. I rolled off the couch, reached my hand out to Barry and took his hand. "Come with me." Off we went to the bedroom, me totally naked with the exception of my Dolphin colored, thigh high stockings and Barry still fully dressed in jeans and his shirt. He let go of my hand and cupped my ass as we walked. "God, you are a sexy bitch," he said. "I cannot wait to get my dick into your pretty little mouth."

"Where do you want me?" I asked when we got there. Even though I was horny as hell and about to suck Barry's dick, I still hadn't really warmed up to him. It was an odd sensation knowing I was about to suck off a guy I really didn't know, nor even like, just because I was "told" to. In my heart I knew I could refuse, but I was in love with Keith and wanted to please him. It is my nature to obey.

I was also keenly aware, Keith had asked me to suck Barry because he was proud of how good I was at sucking cock and wanted to impress Barry. I knew even though I may not like Barry personally, I needed to give him a blowjob he would long remember, so Keith would be happy and proud of me.

"How about I sit on the side of the bed and you kneel between my legs" he replied.

I got in my knees by the bed and Barry came over and stood right in front of me and began unbuckling his belt and unbuttoning and unzipping his pants. His erection was very evident and was enormous, even through his jeans. I reached my hand up and squeezed his dick through his pants.

"I have been so looking forward to this," said Barry as he pulled his jeans and underwear down at the same time. His cock sprang to attention and I was immediately blown away by what I saw. His dick was probably about 8" in length; the same as Keith's but is was so much thicker around. In addition, his balls were huge and hung down almost as far as his dick. His entire pubic area was shaved except for a small amount of hair just above his penis. I was not sure I was going to be able to get his dick into my mouth; it was so thick.

He sort of leaned his butt against the bed, spread his legs and invited me in.

I started by kneeling back on my heels with my head about a foot from his dick and fixed my eyes on it. I put a hand on the inside of each of his legs and slowly and lightly moved my hands forward until they were on each side of his big tool. "Your cock is beautiful," I said as I continued to gaze at it and ran my tongue along my lips. His dick twitched at the compliment.

I moved my head in from the bottom and started with his testicles. I used my left hand to stroke his cock, while I buried my face into his balls, licking and moaning as I went. I cupped his sack with my right hand and pulled his balls towards me, kissing and licking each one. He was moaning and squirming and having trouble holding still. His precum was coming out fast and my left hand was using it to lubricate my stroking. I realized he might cum before I even got that big cock into my mouth.

Shifting gears, I took hold of each of my tits with my hands and sandwiched his cock between them. He took the hint and started thrusting his meat up and down, fucking my tits. 

"Fuck, you are driving me crazy," Barry moaned. "You are so fucking hot. Holy shit! Now get your mouth around my dick you little slut and suck my cock like I know you want to."

I looked up into his eyes and smiled. He was right, I did want to. 

I bent my head down, opened my mouth, put the head of his dick between my lips and pushed that big cock into my mouth. It was huge and stretched my lips to their fullest. I looked up so I could watch him while I sucked him, and at that minute he exclaimed, "I am going to cum." 

I had my mouth stretched wide with only about an inch of his dick in my mouth when he started to shoot his salty load into my mouth. I cupped his balls with my right hand and held onto the base of his cock with my left, while he emptied into my mouth.

He filled my mouth with his sperm. When he was done, he squeezed his dick to push the last bit of cum into my mouth. Then he pulled his cock from my mouth and ran the tip of his dick around my lips. I was still looking up into his eyes with my mouth full of this semen, and then swallowed it and smiled for him, licking his cum off my lips.

"You are a piece of work," he said. "As good as advertised."

At that minute, Keith walked into the bedroom. I was still on my knees and Barry stood up and told Keith "She is a fucking great cocksucker. That was the most intense blowjob I have ever had. Thanks for sharing her with me." Then he walked back to the media room.

Keith came over and stood before me and while he looked down at me, he unbuckled and unzipped his pants and pulled them off. Without saying a word, he took hold of my head and pushed his hard cock into my mouth and started gently and slowly fucking my lips.

While he was pleasuring himself with my mouth, he said, "I love you, Amber. You are an amazing girl and I am so lucky to have you."
