 Jason looked at his watch. 1:30am. He turned to his friend Mark and let him know what time it was. They had been out at the pub and decided to hit a club afterwards. It had been a few months since they managed a night out together, but Jason was starting to wilt. Mark finished his drink.

"Right, let's head back to mine. Toni is in and she has some friends over. You never know, you might get lucky." Said Mark.

"Yeah, yeah. Come on, let's go." Replied Jason. 

On leaving the club, both guys lit a cigarette and started walking until they waved down a taxi. They each took a final draw of their smokes, dropped them to the ground and stood on them. Mark told the taxi driver where to take them and both sat back and enjoyed the ride home. 

Marks home was about 10 minutes away, and when they pulled up outside they could see the lights were on and sillouettes of people inside. Jason paid for the taxi and they both headed indoors.

As Mark opened the door they could hear music blaring from the living room.

"Sounds like the party is in full swing." Said Mark as he took his jacket off and hung it up.

"Let's get the drinks poured then." Jason said as he slipped his shoes off and left them by the door. They headed into the kitchen first and grabbed a bottle of beer each from the fridge, opened them and headed into the living room. Marks fiancé, Toni, greeted the boys with a loud cheer and made her way over.

"Hi boys, you are in earlier than I thought." She said as she planted a lingering kiss on Marks lips.

"Yeah, we were missing you lot so much we thought we'd stop home early." Said Mark as he pulled back from Toni's grasp.

"You're looking lovely as always Toni." Added Jason. "Having a good night?"

"Yeah, it's been fun. Things are starting to wind down now though, a lot of folk have already gone home." Toni said. 

Jason was looking round the room. There were 4 people in total, not including himself, Mark or Toni. A couple were sat cuddled up on the couch, another girl was falling asleep on the armchair and a third girl, a rather lovely and curvy brunette, had just put out her cigarette and was getting up to her feet. Jason went over and extended his hand. The gorgeous brunette looked up, smiled and placed her hand in his and stood up. Jason flicked his blonde locks from his face as he introduced himself.

"Hi, I am Jason, it's an absolute pleasure to meet your acquaintance." He smiled as the words left his mouth. It seemed to have worked as the brunette smiled back.

"I am Marion, it is lovely to meet you." Replied the curvy brunette.

As the night went on the music quietened down. The other couple who were cuddled up on the sofa had long gone home, the girl who was falling asleep on the armchair suddenly had a second wind before deciding to call it a night too. Mark and Toni had now occupied the couch and were cuddled up. Every now and then they would kiss, sometimes quite passionately too. They both stood up. "Hey you two, Mark and I are gonna call it a night. Jason, you know where the spare room is if you and Marion want to go to bed at any point." Suggested Toni. 

Jason and Marion gave her a nodding approval, when they looked at Mark they could see his trousers bulging. Jason smirked, he knew what they were going to be doing. Toni gave them both a kiss on the cheek and they left.

Jason and Marion took their place on the couch, the conversation was flowing almost as easily as the bottle of wine they had just opened. As they were chatting Marion let out a yawn.

"Hey if you are tired we can call it a night, it's getting pretty late anyway." Offered Jason.

"Yeah, that might be a plan, sorry, long day." Replied a defeated Marion.

They got up, Jason took her hand and led her down to the spare room. Jason sat on the bed as Marion left to brush her teeth and get herself washed, as she returned Jason did the same. When he returned Marion was already in bed, Jason lay down on top of the covers, still fully clothed. Marion turned to face him.

"Do you always go to sleep on top of the covers with all your clothes on?" She joked.

"Haha, no, I wasn't too sure how comfortable you would feel if I were to strip down and get in beside you, giving that we have just met." Jason replied.

"Well why don't you strip down and we will just have to wait and see what my reaction will be." Said Marion, with a slight hint of playfulness in her voice.

Jason peeled off his t-shirt. He didn't have a six pack or anything but he was certainly in shape. Marion watched gleefully. He unclipped his belt and slipped his jeans down. He was wearing a tight pair of boxers, no imagination was needed as to what was beneath them. He pulled the covers back and almost fell over in shock. Marion was fully naked underneath. She smiled at his reaction. He looked her up and down. Her body wasn't exactly slim, but he would have been hard pushed to say she was fat too. Just in between, curvy. Her tits were lovely and big, pink nipples that he just wanted to suck on. He only got a quick glance at her pussy, completely shaven. He was feeling himself getting turned on so he lay on the bed and pulled the covers over him.

"Eh, what do you think you are doing, sir?" Asked Marion.

"Uhm, getting into bed, m'lady." Returned Jason.

"I have no clothes on, surely it's only fair that you are in the same position as me? You wouldn't want me here feeling all vulnerable, would you?" Marion teased.

"No ma'am, certainly not." Jason chuckled a bit as he got back out of bed. He stood tall and eased down his boxers. His cock was semi hard, and already looked pretty big. His pubic region was well kept, not bald, but short.

"Oh my." Said Marion. 

She sat up, leaned over and cupped his balls with one hand. The other hand began to pull back and forth on Jason's shaft. It got fully hard pretty quickly. Jason let out a soft moan before he realised she was giving him a wank and they hadn't even kissed yet. He motioned for her to come up to his level so they were face to face. He held her cheeks in his hands and leaned in for a long, lingering kiss. Their tongues intertwined. Marion's hands had worked their way to his back and she was running her nails softly up and down. Their kissing became more passionate. Marion's hands stopped just below Jason's shoulders and she dug her nails in a little harder. Jason let out a moan of approving pleasure as she dragged her nails down his back. Jason pushed her onto the bed and leaned over her. He squeezed her marvellous tits and began to lick and suck on her nice pink nipples. Marion let out soft moans as Jason's hands started working their way down to her pussy. She was soaking and aching to be touched. Jason slid a finger along the slit of her pussy lips. She moaned a little louder. He slid his finger inside her to wetten in, pulled it back out and slid it up to her clit. 

"Oh my fucking God." Marion muttered under her heavy breathing.

Jason couldn't take any more, he had to taste her. He pulled away from sucking on her tits and lay in between her legs. He parted them and she rested them on his shoulders. He began kissing up her thigh until he got to her smooth pussy. Marion reached down and used two fingers to part her pussy lips. Jason kissed her pussy hard, then his tongue came out to massage her clit. She let out a loud moan and put a hand on Jason's head to push him deeper. Jason softly nibbled, kissed and sucked on her clit, then slid two fingers into her pussy. Slowly at first he began to slide them in and out, then gradually getting harder and faster.

"Oh Jason...I am gonna cum..shit.." Moaned Marion.

Jason's lips were covering Marion's clit, sucking on it as his tongue spiralled round it. That was as much as Marion could take. Her legs tightened around Jason's head as a thundering orgasm brought her to ecstasy. Her whole body shuddered as she moaned loudly. Jason kept his mouth over her clit as he slowed his tongue down, then as Marion's thighs eased their grip he pulled away.

Marion sat up and gave Jason a long passionate kiss.

"Lie down." She ordered "And let me suck your dick."

Jason didn't need telling twice and lay down. His cock was rock hard, pre cum already dripping from it. Marion took the long shaft in her hand and began to slowly wank it. She leaned down and licked the pre cum from the head. With her head hovering above his cock she stuck her tongue out and let her saliva drip onto the head of his cock. While still wanking it, she worked the saliva into the shaft, making it nice and wet. Jason had his eyes closed and was moaning in pleasure. She took the head of his cock into her mouth and began softly sucking on it. Jason's natural instinct was to put his hand on the back of her head and slowly have her take more and more of his cock into her mouth. And she was. He stood at 8" fully erect and she was taking this all the way in with no problem. She pulled the cock out her mouth and began licking his balls while her hands pumped the shaft quickly. Then she surprised him, she worked her way lower and began to circle his ass with her tongue. Jason was caught off guard and jumped up.

"I'm sorry, do you not like that?" Asked Marion.

"It's not that, I wasn't expecting it. I haven't really tried it before, but carry on." Jason said.

Her mouth returned to his ass, and she began to swirl her tongue round his anus. Jason was really enjoying it, but Marion came back up to take his cock in her mouth again. As she was sucking on it she began to massage his asshole with her finger. Jason didn't protest, quite the opposite, he opened his legs more as she slid the tip of her finger in. Jason let out a loud moan. Some girl he just met that night had her finger up his ass and he was loving every minute of it. More and more of her finger made its way into his ass and he could feel he was close to cumming.

"Shit Marion, I am going to cum." He moaned.

Marion began to slide her head up and down his cock faster as her finger swirled in his ass. She could feel his ass tightening round her finger. She kept her head still as Jason erupted into her mouth. Wave after wave of cum shot out and down her throat. She swallowed without any difficulties until he was finished. She pulled away from his cock and removed her finger from his ass. 

"Enjoy that then?" She asked as she licked her lips of any cum that was left there.

"Definitely, you?" Jason replied sheepishly.

"Fuck yeah." She said.

He pulled her in for another kiss. He could taste the cum off her lips.

"Right, we better get some sleep, come on in for a spoon." Said Jason.

Marion got into bed beside him, and they fell asleep just as the sun was coming up.