 I woke up pretty early and I'm horny. I hate that. Well, ok, I like it if there's someone around to please me. And there is, but he's asleep. I climb into the chair next to his bed and watch him for a while. He's breathing nice and slow. Looking so angelic. I wish he'd wake up and do something devilish to me. But, I'm a nice girl. So I think I'll take my shower instead. I get up and walk into the master bathroom. Slipping out of my top and panties I climb into the shower, leaving the bathroom door open. Just in case. 

The water is finally hot, so I climb in. The water feels pretty good. Maybe this will be enough. I let the drops fall on my head, drenching my hair and cascading down over me. It doesn't take long until I've got a hand on my chest, playing with my nipple. Too bad it's my own. I glance at the door, hoping that maybe the sleepyhead in the next room will be watching. He's not. So I begin to touch myself with the other hand. 

It's not gonna happen. I want interaction and as soon as I get out, I'm gonna get it. So the soap gets pulled from its resting-place and begins its journey from the top of me down to the bottom. My hair gets washed, my legs, etc gets shaved. I keep glancing out, hoping to be seen, to have him climb in with me. 

I don't even bother too fully dry off, not even my hair. Let it drip. 

Wrapping the towel around me I walk quietly back into the bedroom. Sitting back down in the chair by the bed, I take my feet and I start pushing on him with my toes. There is a little bit of movement. I push harder. No go. This is starting to frustrate me. 

Time to do a bit more. Grabbing the sheets, I move them down and away. My foot finds its way to his crotch. The morning wood is clearly visible through his boxers. I start rubbing. Back and forth, up and down, round and round. 

He's moving now and making cute little sounds. Ah, and an eye opens. 

"Good morning baby, gonna wake up now?" 

He rolls the rest of the way onto his back and stretches his long arms. "Anything for you." 

A big grin appears on my face. "Anything?" 

Crawling onto the bed and snuggling up I start kissing his hands. My feet continue to rub against him, only now they are going up and down his legs. The hand kissing turns into finger sucking, licking and nibbling. He starts to kiss my neck so I move in closer, smashing by body into his. 

My mind is debating on whether to just pull down his boxers and ride it hard, or actually play a little first. Damn decisions. 

He bites my neck. So much for decision making. 

I push him fully onto his back, pull down the shorts and start to climb on top. No waiting. I was already wet anyway, inside and out. I grab a hold of him and start to put him inside of me. Very slowly I lower myself down. My muscles tense all over. Oh my, it feels good, really good. I wanna move, yet I don't wanna move, maybe just sit here for a second, and let my body adjust to what I've put inside of it. I take my hands and place them on his chest and I start to rock myself up and down. As I rock, I start to thrust my hips back on my way down. I watch the look on his face as I move. He's closed his eyes again, but I know that this time it's not to sleep. There is a huge smile and occasional lip licking, not to mention the sounds coming from deep in his throat. The longer I watch him, the harder I ride. He moves his hands to my hips and begins moving with me. He is getting close already, so I start to slow back down. Just barely bringing my hips forward and back now, moving my hand away from his chest I put two fingers in his mouth. I let him suck them for a moment and then use them, wet from his mouth to encircle one of my own nipples. 

The nipple responds quickly so I put my fingers back into his mouth and then use the same process on the other one. Now I've got hard nipples and a hard cock between my thighs. This is the kind of morning I like best. 

He removes his hands from my hips and places them on my breasts. His long fingers start to flick and tease me. Since my hand is free now, I move it downwards. After all, nothing wrong with a little clitoral stimulation. 

It's almost too much to take. I start to move faster again. He's close, I'm close. Why did I wait until morning? Should have done this last night, and then again this morning. Good thing neither of us has anywhere to go today. I'm gonna make him cum and then just keep bringing him back for round after round. He's young, he can take it. 

Now he's pinching my nipples, damn it hurts. Good thing I like a little pain when I fuck. As he's twisting and pulling I'm rubbing and riding. "Are you ready?" I ask. I don't wait for an answer, not that I could have any way. My orgasm takes over my entire body. The intensity of my climax drives him over the edge and he cums with me. He pulls me down to him, wrapping his arms around me, not letting me move as he shivers. Or am I the one shivering? 

We kiss, deeply, passionately. I slide off of him and start kissing his face, neck, arms, shoulders, chest and eventually everywhere. I cover his body with kisses. 

"I hope you don't think I'm done with you. You did say 'anything'." 

I keep kissing him, ending at his feet. He wiggles his toes, so I kiss each one of them too. Stopping to nibble on a few, daring to suck on one now and then. As my mouth works its way along his feet, his hand is working its way along my legs, up to my thigh and onto my ass. I jump as a slap lands on a cheek. Then, soon after, a finger starts to find its way around my labia. See there was a good reason for being on my knees with my ass in the air as I nibbled on a few toes. With a few fingers starting to slip in and out of me, toes just aren't gonna do it for me anymore. There's something else that needs to be brought back to life. I think I'll move my focus there for awhile. 

I move my mouth up along his legs, moving myself back too. I reach his thighs and spend a little extra time there before I get to my goal. Now, onto what I want, again. Life needs to be restored. I place him in my mouth, gently of course. He tastes good. No surprise there, he's been inside of me and I know I taste good. Sucking lightly, licking, kissing, caressing I bring him back. He fills my mouth now and I can become more aggressive. I do a few quick thrusts down into my throat and as I do, I am rewarded with deep thrusts from those lovely fingers that are inside of me. I spend some time focused on the head and upper parts of the shaft with my mouth and using my hand on the lower. I begin to lightly tease and cradle his balls with the other. I like balls. In fact, maybe they'd like a little attention too. Now I'm sucking his balls, rolling them around in my mouth with my tongue. My hand does its best while my mouth is away. 

I probably could have started off with the blowjob, since I really get off on swallowing, but for some reason, this time I just wanted him in me. Besides, I can always give him head again in a few hours. But, for what I want now, at least I know he'll be able to last after having cum once already. 

I move my mouth back onto his penis. I like balls, but I like sucking dick more. I start to deep throat again. Women who can't do it will always tell you "it's the top half that feels everything anyway so it's not really necessary". Yeah, whatever. Maybe not physically necessary, but I have yet to meet a guy that didn't totally love it. Maybe it's psychological, but I can feel him getting harder and harder every time I do it. 

He's got a hold of my hips with both hands again. Damn I was really starting to get into the work his fingers where doing. OH! Hey, my leg is getting pulled over, not just over a little, but over his face. A mouth is even better than fingers so I help out and position myself above his face. 

His lips touch mine and I can't help but to spread my legs wider and move closer to his mouth. I like his mouth. He's got a great mouth, and great lips. And right now they are getting higher and higher on my list of things I love. 

Those hands are back on my hips again, moving me to where he wants me. I like being where he wants me. 69 is a gift from heaven. 

His tongue starts its assault and my senses leave me. I know I should be doing something, but I can't seem to remember what. The only thing I know now is that my clit is being sucked. Not just sucked, but sucked well. The hands start moving and the fingers start penetrating again. Only this time, they are going everywhere. I can't help it and I start moving. 

That's when I remember what it was I was doing. How could I forget that I've got a dick in my mouth? Of course, if he keeps doing what he's doing now, I'll forget again. Fuck it, I can't concentrate. So I shove it all the way down and just ride out the pleasure I'm receiving. As much as I'm wiggling he should still be getting some pleasure out of it. 

If he keeps his mouth where its at and doing what he's doing with all those fingers being in all those places he's gonna end up with a very wet face. I'd tell him how close I am, but my mouth is full. I'm sure he can tell though. Oh yeah, he knows, he must because he's starting to wiggle those fingers and he's got down that rhythm with his mouth and tongue. My movements become inconsistent. I can't stop myself. I have my second orgasm this morning and it's much stronger than the first one. They usually increase in strength the more I have. I love my body. And right now my body wants that penis back inside of it. But he won't let me move and he won't stop eating me and I can't quit shaking. I could hold it back, but why? If he minded, he would have let go and just fucked me. I let go and "cum" all over his face. Now I have to have him. I struggle to get free. 

I turn myself around and grab him by the hair, pulling his face to mine I start to kiss him. Grunting and groaning I pull him on top of me. 

He starts to tease me. Barely touching me, making me think he's about to penetrate and then pulls away. I'm gonna loose it and start begging soon. I'm already starting to whimper. I start to bite his neck, not nibbling either, biting. I want something and since I'm not getting it so I'll replace it with something else I love. If he doesn't fuck me soon his neck is gonna start to bleed. 

My nails start to dig into his back. I'm pulling with them, pulling him up. I want him. "Give it to me you prick!" 

"What? You don't like a little playfulness?" He says. 

"Only when I'm the one doing the playing." Meanwhile, I'm trying frantically to shove my hips up and closer to him. 

But he keeps moving back. I wrap my legs around his and shove harder. He evades me. He starts to tease me again, just allowing me to have the barest minimum, a piece of the tip now and then. It's driving me crazy. So I start biting harder. That's when he grabs my arms, pins me down and lifts his neck up out of reach. I start crying, literally crying. I can't help it. He's watching me and enjoying it. He's actually smiling as he torments me. 

He lets go of my arms and leans back towards me. I grab hold of his back, pulling on him. My nails dig in. When he finally delivers my body reacts violently. And then I loose all rational thought. I can't breath, think, hear or see. I might be screaming, but I'm not sure. If I am, I don't really care. He pulls out and I can't move. Not on my own anyway. I'm trembling. I can't stop trembling. 

He takes a hold of me and flips me onto my stomach. Reaching down he shoves my ass up in the air and pushes my knees forward. I can't even get the strength to get my hands underneath me so I lay there with my face and breasts smashed into the bed. 

This time, it's all on his terms. Hard, fast and deep. I think I might be having another orgasm, but I'm not quite sure the last one ever ended. I'm not really sure of anything other than intense satisfaction. 

At some point in time, he must have cum again and put my legs back down. I think he's kissing me somewhere, back maybe. 

"Are you ok baby?" 

I can't seem to get my mouth to work so I just kind of mumble and make funny whimpering noises. 

He covers me up and walks towards the bathroom. Clearly he needs a shower. I can see the red lines I've left on his back. Some of them are just lines. Some are actually bleeding. 

I force myself to speak, "You wouldn't want any help in the shower would you?"