 He wakes up slow, arms stretching above his head. Already positioned between his legs, I wrap my hand around his hard cock and squeeze firmly. Leaning over, I take the swollen head of his cock into my mouth, working my tongue around every contour. He exhales in a soft moan, his head turning from side to side on the pillows. I move my lips slowly up and down his shaft, my lubed hand gliding up and down in unison. I hear his breath catch, and peer up to see his half-opened eyes fixed on me. Keeping eye contact, I move my mouth all the way down his thick shaft. Keeping my hand tight around him, I reach underneath and start to gently play with his balls, cupping them in my hand. His eyes close, and his upper body stays completely still save for the movement of his chest as I explore and tease every inch of him. Gripping his cock tightly, I suddenly increase the suction with my lips and quickly slide up and down his shaft as he moans and his hands clutch the pillow so hard his knuckles turn white. When his breathing starts to become erratic and heavy, I deliberately slow down, leisurely enjoying teasing him. My tongue flicks across the tip of his cock, savoring the pre-cum and sending chills up and down his spine. 

By now, he knows the rules of this game. Move and I stop. Stay completely still, and I continue. Beg, and I just might give you what you want right away. Say anything other than "please", and you're in trouble. 

He sighs contently, his eyes still locked on me. I flick my tongue playfully on the sensitive tip of his cock, and then move away to retrieve a box from the nightstand. Making my way back to him, I open the box facing him, revealing a single strand of pearls. I take them from the box, setting the box on the other side of the bed. Undoing the delicate clasp that holds the necklace together, I wrap the strand around his lubed cock, trapping the pearls with my hand. Lazily, I stroke the pearls up and down his shaft, his eyes rolling in the back of his head from sheer bliss. The pearls massage every inch of his cock as I twist my hand around his shaft. I bend down to take the head of his cock in my mouth, adding to the sensations overwhelming him. Whimpers escape his mouth as his breathing quickens once more. 

"Please," he whispers, not looking at me, his voice deeper than it normally is. I squeeze his shaft firmly in response, as he fights his body's urges to move. 

Ignoring his plea, I work my tongue all around the underneath of his sensitive head, matching my pace with the pearls, his body jerking and twitching in pleasure. He moans, thoroughly enjoying the slow tease. 

I back off from his throbbing cock, leaving the strand of pearls wrapped gently around it. I crawl up towards him, my body naked except for an old white t-shirt of his. I make my way up to his face, pausing to chastely kiss his full lips, before leaning back up on my knees and positioning myself above his face. Spreading my legs as wide as I can while still supporting my weight, I begin to rub my clit just out of reach from his lips, one hand on the wall in front of me to keep me from falling over. 

My moans of pleasure echo off the light yellow walls of the bedroom, the rising sun giving him enough light to enjoy the view. 

"Please, baby, please, please," he begs, wanting me to move just a little closer and let him lick me until I cum. I dip down, and quickly straighten back up, enjoying the look in his eyes and the hint of desperation in his voice. 

I start to tremble and shake, having a difficult time holding myself above him as I get closer and closer to coming. I slide down, hovering just above his face. His tongue eagerly licks my clit, flicking over that sweet spot until I cry out for him. His lips latch on to my clit, his tongue moving up and down as he sucks on it, until I'm right on the edge of oblivion. He blows directly on my clit, sending shivers dancing up and down my spine. He knows to wait, to let me decide when and where I'll cum. 

Trembling, I slowly slide down him, until the tip of his cock is right outside my pussy. Holding myself above him on all fours, I rock back and forth, allowing only the tip of his cock to slide inside. I pin his arms down with my hands, and slip just the head of his cock inside of me as I work my hips in a slow circle. I'm wet enough, with his tongue and the lube still on his cock, that there's no resistance as I slide all the way down on his thick cock, the pearls still wrapped around his shaft. I lean back, my hands playing with my breasts as I gyrate my hips, the pearls rocking back and forth inside of me as I grind my clit on his pelvis. 

His moans and whimpers add to my arousal, my wetness soaking him and the sheets beneath us. My every movement causes the pearls to rub inside of me. The sheer pleasure of every sensation causes me to throw my head back, my fingers pinching my nipples tightly as I raise and lower myself on his hard cock. My moans turn to whimpers as I slowly approach orgasm, my body shaking, my tight pussy clenching against his shaft and the pearls. 

"God, baby, please. Please, please, please don't stop." His words come out breathlessly, his hands tightly grasping the pillow above his head, as he fights to control his urge to push himself deep into me. I lean forward, positioning my full breasts so as I move they gently hit his face. I take my hand, and trace the outside of his lips with my nipple, allowing him a couple of tongue flicks before moving it away again and repeating the movement with the opposite side. 

I push his wrists down into the bed, and slam myself down on him, the noise of our bodies coming together echoing off the walls. His loud moans turn almost to growls of pleasure as I ride him, my nipples softly rubbing up and down his chest. His back arches, and I take advantage of this, grinding my clit even harder on his pelvis. I put one hand behind his head, forcing him to look up at me. 

"You like this baby? You want this?" I ask him, my words come out breathless, as I keep up the pace I've set. 

"Yes, god yes. Please, baby, please let me come like this, please." He begs. I can tell already he's so, so close to going over that sweet edge. 

"No." I tell firmly tell him. I can see the disappointment flash for a second in his eyes, but I ignore it. I have more than this in mind to please him with this morning. "You can make me come like this, but you're not allowed to come just yet." I say to him, a hint of mischief in my voice. 

"Prop yourself up on your hands." I command him, and he obeys. The change in position allows him even deeper access to me, which I take full advantage of, careful not to push him over the edge and make him come yet. I stop riding him, and just grind my hips into him, feeling his cock caress my cervix softly. The pearls slide around inside of me, bringing me closer and closer to orgasm. 

I lean forward so my nipples can brush across his chest, gyrating on his cock. I grab him tightly by the jaw, bringing his face closer to mine as I capture his lips with my own. My tongue grazes his, my nails lightly scratching down his back, being careful not to dig in too deep. I know how much pain he likes, and exactly how to give it to him in a way that makes him beg for more. I quickly nibble his lower lip, before leaning back, not trusting myself to do more. I put one hand on his shoulder, and lean my body back to put on a show for him as I move his cock all around inside of me. I start to lose the rhythm as I come, my head thrown back, and my screams and cries echoing around the room. 

His body is shaking, his eyes closed in concentration, trying so hard to please me and not come until I say so. I slowly slide off of him, the sensation sending ghosts of shivers up both of our spines.

"Lay down." My tone is low, my voice almost scratchy. 

He almost collapses on the bed, the look in his eyes pleading, his hands resting above his head. I re-wrap the pearls around his cock, and grip it tightly in one hand. I lower my head, and quickly flick my tongue against his cock. I glance up, watching his every reaction. His eyes are wide open, not wanting to miss a thing. I slowly slide the pearls up and down his shaft, knowing at this point it won't take much to bring him. I slip the head of his cock in my mouth, and increase the suction until he cries out in pleasure, and keep sliding my hand up and down, leisurely. My tongue darts all around his cock, lapping up the taste of my juices and his pre-cum. 

"God, god, god," he chants, his chest heaving with desire. I place my other hand on his hip, to remind him to keep still and let me play with him as I like. I can feel him fighting his desire to thrust, as I squeeze the pearls harder against his shaft. His eyes are half closed, and I know it won't be long now until he can't hold back. 

"Say please." I say, my voice full of mischief, my hand twisting the string of pearls around his well lubed cock. 

"Please..." his words almost end in a low scream, his eyes barely open. I look into his eyes as I take his cock into my mouth again, letting him know with a look that now, I'll give him what he wants, what he needs. 

I increase the tempo, moving my hand and mouth faster up and down his shaft, his whimpers and sighs getting louder and louder. His back arches, and I slide his cock as far into my mouth as I can get it, the pearls wrapped tightly around his thick shaft, squeezing him as he comes. His hands mangle the pillow, ripping it unconsciously as he comes down my throat. 

As he finishes, I flick my tongue against the sensitive spot right underneath his head, making him jerk and twitch as the sensation plays throughout his body. His breathing is starting to catch up, and he swallows hard, gasping for air as he comes down from the overwhelming orgasm. 

"Good morning, sunshine." I say with a playful laugh, quickly kissing his cock before leaving to clean up and start breakfast.