 "Are you awake?" 

Your voice is a soft whisper. I can tell you are trying not to wake me if I am still sleeping. But an expectant undertone tells me that you hope I am awake. Or maybe I am simply hearing more than you've said. I'm not sure. 

The warm pressure of your body snuggling against my back is what had drawn me from my slumber only moments before your whisper, and I didn't know if you are simply being affectionate or if you have a more playful, less innocent, intention. Nor am I sure which I hope to be the case. To be honest, you had worn me out the night before. A small part of me wants to act as though I haven't heard your question.

But the soft pressure of your warm breasts against my back and the firm pressure of your hardening nipples bring back the memories of the pleasures we have shared, and make me want to experience them again...and again...and again.

"Wide awake," I respond with what I hope sounds like a smile of encouragement in my voice.

"I think you stole my line," you laugh as you lift a leg and drape it across me.

The moist warmth between your legs press into the back of my thigh, and there is no longer any doubt in my mind. Your thoughts are definitely less than pure. I quickly decide not to complain. Instead, I roll over and faced you. You smile and snuggle back up against me then wiggle your stomach against me before lifting your leg high.

"I'm the one who's wide-awake," you smile.

You shift around until the moist warmth finds my growing erection and settle against it. You tilt our head up and find my lips for a soft short kiss. It is nothing like our kisses of the night before. Yet it excites me as much as your probing tongue had then. I feel myself growing firmer.

"But..." you quickly add, "it looks like someone else is becoming wide-awake too."

I laugh with you, then suddenly roll on top of you, placing my hands on each side of you to keep most of my weight off of you. You quickly lock your legs around me and began rolling your hips, sliding the warm wetness up and down the length of my still growing erection. I lower my lips to yours and kissed you lightly. The movement of your body slows, and you putyouer arms around me, holding me tightly without asking for more than the light pressure of our lips. After a long moment, you let your weight settle down into the bed and loosen the grip of your legs. When I open my eyes, you are smiling up at me.

For another moment we study each other's eyes.

I slide down until your breasts are beneath my face then lower my mouth to a plump nipple and watch as your eyes close and a small sound of satisfaction purrs in your throat. My tongue teases and toys with it, and the sound of your purr grows louder then turns into a sigh. I run my tongue in a final circle before lifting my lips then slipping lower yet, trailing my tongue lightly across your stomach until it finds the dimple of your belly button. Flicking my tongue in and out of the indentation brings a giggle to your lips, and you pull away.

"That tickles," you protest, still laughing.

I press my lips against your belly and suck a small piece of your warm skin into my mouth, then let it slip out as I slip lower again, letting my mouth brush over your smooth skin until my tongue finds the soft warm fold of flesh covering your clit. You stop laughing and let a loud sigh out with your breath.

The tip of my tongue finds the crease in your flesh and the small bud beneath. I flick it back and forth slowly, softly touching it, moving it from side to side, and another sigh escapes your lips. 

I slide my tongue lower, slipping it inside you with a quick thrust, then flick it in and out rapidly.

You gasp and lift your hips and spread your thighs wider to give me more room.

I press my tongue as deep into you as I can and explore the walls of your vagina, tasting the fluids now beginning to flow from inside. I open my mouth wide and cover your pussy completely, sucking your thick warm mounds into my mouth as my tongue strains to find its way even more deeply inside your liquid warmth.

"Oh...yes," you moan and lifted your hips even higher. 

I pull my tongue out and lift it to toy with your clit again. The small bud is now swollen, hot and slick with your secretions and my saliva. My tongue slides across it and a short shudder of pleasure ripples through you. I lap at your clit slowly, running the length of my tongue across it while wiggling it from side to side, and another shiver shakes you. You lift your pelvis as though trying to run your clit up and down my face.

My cock is growing hard, throbbing full at the excitement of knowing I am exciting you with my tongue. I have to rise up to free it from under my body. Your body shifts when I move, and I glance up. You aresmiling down at me.

"Why don't you change positions, so I can taste you too," you suggest.

I smile back at you and shift until I am kneeling over you. Your warm fingers wrap around my cock and stroke me slowly. I lower my lips and tongue to your cunt again and feel you tugging at me gently, asking me to lower myself. The wet warmth of your lips slip over the head of my cock.

I put my arms around your hips and use my fingers to spread your pussy open wide then begin flicking my tongue across your clit as fast as I can. You had loved it when I'd done it the night before, and you don't like it any less now. Your hips immediately curl, rolling up, pushing your pussy against my darting tongue. 

You have taken my cock deep into your mouth and started licking at it with the same enthusiasm as I am licking your clit. My cock is fully aroused, throbbing. Your lips suck me in a little more and I feel your fingers wrap around my balls. After the hours-long session of the night before, I wouldn't have thought it was possible, but I can feel the tingle of extreme anticipation already beginning to build up inside of me. I don't want to be the first to reach a climax, so I focus my attention on your pussy and try not to let myself concentrate on the pleasure your mouth is giving me.

I stop licking your clit and return to your vagina, again slipping my tongue deep inside you. Drawing my tongue out slowly, I trail my lower lip across your clit then find it with the tip of my tongue again. I tease it with a light flicker for a moment before pressing my tongue down firmly and licking my way back into you.

You are moaning softly while running your lips up and down my cock. Your fingers squeeze my balls gently. your other hand followed your lips, stroking my cock as you let it slide out of your mouth then leading your mouth down the shaft again. The tingle is beginning to gather like an electrical charge inside me building up a charge. Just waiting to overload my pleasure circuits.

Again I try to ignore the sensations of your mouth and hands. I suck as much of your pussy into my mouth as I can and began tonguing your clit in a constant flicker. Your body tenses up. You began shivering slightly and I know you are trying to hold back, so I attack your clit even more vigorously, sucking and licking at it.

You seem to understand what I am doing, that I was turning it into a little game of who could hold back the longest. Your mouth is matching me lick for lick, suck for suck. The pressure is beginning to build inside me and I know I can't last much longer.

Then your body begins shuddering suddenly. your hips rock, rolling up at my tongue then away, then back. I follow your body, keeping my tongue against your clit until the last shiver of pleasure passes through you.

Then I start cumming myself.

You suck my cock into your mouth and hold me there with your hands on the cheeks of my bum while my body shakes with the electric like shocking pleasure. As the strength drains out of me I slowly let some of my weight fall onto you, Then I roll off and turn so you are in my arms face to face, we kiss each tasting ourselves in the others mouth. "Don't you just love Sunday mornings?"