 If I though I couldn't get Sarah out of my mind before, after our rainy day encounter in the back of her Range Rover I could think of almost nothing else. I counted down the days and hours until Sunday afternoon came again. 

I wish I could say I felt guilty for cheating on my wife -- but I didn't. Things were not good and had not been for awhile. I had needs that had gone unfulfilled for so long and I had finally found someone who was meeting them. That this someone was a tall, long-legged young woman with deep green eyes and the worlds sweetest most beautiful smile made it easier to push any negative feelings away. 

I looked at myself in the mirror as I got my jogging gear on. I was in good enough shape for a 40 year old. Nothing special but not bad looking. I still had all my hair. I was lucky Sarah wanted me on our Sunday afternoons together and that's all there was to it.

"Bye, have a good run!" my wife called as I headed out the door.

"Ok, back in a little while!"

I drove down to the elementary school and onto the single lane road that wound into the woods behind it to the parking lot by the stream. The green Range Rover was there. Just seeing it made me feel like I was coming back to life.

Sarah was by the beginning of the trail, stretching out. She wore a long-sleeved turtleneck t-shirt, the classic black-framed shades she always wore and black spandex tights. Those legs . . . I don't want to beat it to death but there's no other way to describe how tantalizing they were. She was 5'10'. Long and lean but with wider hips -- an hourglass figure. Her legs showed she'd been a faithful runner for a long time. Her ass showed how hard she'd worked going up and down these hills. Round and tight. 

She saw me and beamed that smile. "Hey! What's up?"

"Just another Sunday!" I grinned. 

We ran. Along the stream on the paved path and then up into the wooded hills on the dirt trails. We made small talk. Sarah was 28 (!). A Boston College and Georgetown Law grad. If that meant Catholic high school too she must have been quite a sight in a schoolgirl uniform. She was trying to work her way up the ladder at her firm. Extremely long hours. Little to no social life. A lot of stress. 

We were running along a pretty isolated part of the trail network, in a thickly wooded little valley uphill from the stream bed. 

All of a sudden Sarah punched me in the shoulder: "Tag! You're it!" she laughed and bounded off the trail into the trees.

"What the --?" I replied.

"Catch me!" I heard her call from beyond the leaves.

I sprinted off the trail in the direction she had gone. I saw her, just a few yards ahead churning her legs as she worked up the hill. The sight of that firm ass.

She stopped and turned back towards me -- jogging in place with her brown pony-tail bouncing and swaying -- as I caught up to her. When I got closer she stopped. The sun fell brightly on her. She pulled off her sunglasses and looked me in the eye . . . a slow, sly grin spread across her face.

"If you catch me . . . you can fuck me."

She turned to dash away but she didn't make it ten steps before I ran her down and wrapped my arms around her waist. She laughed hysterically as I lifted her off the ground, waving her arms and kicking her legs. I carried her a couple of steps to a large oak tree. She turned to face me, her back up against the bark. We were both panting and sweating. My chest was up against hers. Our faces were inches apart.

Two heartbeats later we were kissing deeply and passionately. "God, I think about you all the time" she breathed into my ear. My hands were caressing her face running through her hair. 

I dropped to my knees in front of her. She hooked her thumbs into the waist of her tights and eagerly began pushing them down as she shimmied and shifted her weight from leg to leg. In front of my face was her smooth stomach and a trim patch of dark brown pubic hair. I could smell her. Her sweat. Her pussy. It was truly intoxicating. As she pulled off one running shoe and kicked a single leg free of the black tights I stood. With both hands I lifted her shirt up. Instantly she grabbed her turquoise sports bra from the bottom and pulled upwards, spilling her breasts out into the open air. They were pale, and full and round and perfect. Her pink nipples stood out hard. I cradled her breasts in my hands and buried my face in between them.

Then I dropped down to one knee again. Sarah was leaning back against the tree trunk, panting. One hand held her shirt and bra up, the other was reaching back above her head. I lifted the one leg she had freed from her tights up over my shoulder. My mouth went straight to her pussy. It was sopping wet. As my tongue plunged into her, searching out her clitoris, my hands squeezed her thighs. Her skin was amazingly soft and smooth but I could feel the muscles beneath were like iron. My tongue swirled around her clit as she moaned and panted, arching her back against the old oak tree.

"Holy shit! Oh my god that's so good!" Her fingers ran through my hair. I could have stayed there pleasuring her forever . . . but soon I felt her hand pushing hard against my shoulder. I leaned back and looked up at Sarah as she pulled her t-shirt and sports bra off over the top of her head. I stood as she turned to face the tree now, bracing herself against it with her arms. 

My eyes moved lustily downwards over every inch of her young body: from the subtle highlights in the pony tail which hung down over her smooth strong back . . . to the beautiful bare roundness of her gorgeous ass cheeks . . . down over her incredible legs. Admiring her bent over in front of me, naked as a jay except for one running shoe, a pair of spandex bunched around one ankle, and a white ankle sock on the other foot. 

She looked over her shoulder, green eyes afire as she moaned: "I want you to fuck me. Please . . . fuck me now."

My pants were off in a millisecond. My cock was standing straight out, hard and throbbing and slick with precum. I spread her ass cheeks and pressed my cock up against her quivering pussy. I thrust . . . and went inside her all at once. 

"AH!" she let out a cry that was almost a sob. "Fuck! Yes!"

We were both crazy with passion. My hands gripped her hard by the hips as I roughly pulled her back into me -- shoving my cock deep inside of her again. And again. And again. Picking up speed I pounded away as she braced herself against the tree, pushing back into me. My body slapped loudly against her ass as I hammered into her for what seemed like an eternity. I felt her body tense and quiver as her breath came in ragged gasps. 

"Oh baby! Yes! Yes! Yessssss . . . " 

Suddenly, I was on the verge as well. I held her hips tight against me as I fucked my cock into her as hard as I could. At the last second I pulled out and a fountain of hot white cum erupted into the air and splashed onto her ass and back. 

We collapsed into a sweaty pile amidst discarded clothing and fallen leaves and lay there sweaty and gasping for breath.

After a couple minutes I heard her giggle: "Wow".

I smiled too. "Yeah". We gathered our clothes and redressed. We picked our way down the hillside to the trail. 

Sarah leaned her head against my shoulder as I felt her take my hand in hers. "Would you mind if we just walked back instead?"

There has never been anything in my life like my Sunday Sarah.