 Sabrina stared in the mirror, carefully analyzing the color of her lipstick. She usually wore red, but tonight, she wanted a little bit of a different kind of pop. The fuchsia she'd chosen stood out starkly against her pale skin, making her dark brown eyes look even larger and darker. Glossing on one more layer of the thick lip pencil, she smacked her lips together, wiped the edges of her lips to clean up any smearing, and shook out her short, black hair. Good enough, she thought. 

Slipping her feet into the break-neck heels she so loved, she grabbed her purse and headed out the door. It closed with a quiet click and the lock clicked, too, as she slid it home. Satisfied that all was well, she quickly walked the path to her car, got in, and drove off. 

She knew that some of the regulars of Buzz's would be in tonight. Samuel and his boys would be at the Buzz's lounge. Sunday night meant after football drinks for him, and he and his boys would crowd the lounge to get away from the sound of the TVs at the sports bars after a long day of watching and hearing them. Shawn would be bartending, and maybe she'd even see a few of her random acquaintances from the neighborhood. Buzz's was quiet on a Sunday, nothing but the patrons and the jukebox humming in the background. 

She was pleased to see there was space to park right up front. Sliding her little car into the parallel spot, she slid out, strode to the door, and walked into Buzz's. As always, the smell of fried food and liquor filled the air. The candles off-set the smell some, giving the interior a smoky but pleasant atmosphere filled with whatever musky scent Shawn had chosen this time. Sabrina looked around briefly, marking where everyone was sitting before heading to the bar. She slid onto a stool and waited for Shawn to make his way to her. 

"Sabrina! I wasn't sure you'd be coming in tonight," Shawn said as he made his way down the bar to her. "You want your usual bourbon martini?"

Sabrina smiled wide at him, "Yeah, please." Shawn always seemed to remember what the patrons liked to drink, even if they'd only been in once before. It never failed to amaze Sabrina. 

As he went to work making her drink, she glanced over her shoulder and around the bar. Sam and his boys were in the back corner, near the bathrooms, as they always were. There were pint glasses scattered about the table in various stages of fullness. She saw that Sam himself was fidgeting with an almost empty glass, tilting it one way then another. As she saw him lift the glass to his mouth to finish the last swallow, she turned back to see that Shawn was setting her drink in front of her. 

"They came in earlier than usual tonight. Don't guess the games were going to their liking." he nodded at the boys. "They seem especially argumentative." 

Sabrina shrugged, "Eh, wine some, lose some, right?" she sipped at the martini, enjoying the bite of the bourbon. As she set her glass down on the bar, she felt someone come up on her right side. Glancing over, she realized it was Sam, empty glass in hand. 

"Shawn, another, please." He placed the glass toward the bartender. Looking over at her, he smiled. "You're Sabrina, right? I think we've chatted here a few times." He smiled, reaching his hand out to her. 

"Yeah, we have, Sam." She smiled, taking his hand. They shook. Shawn set a fresh pint down in front of Sam. 

"I see you've again made each others' acquaintance," he said. "Not like you aren't both here every Sunday or something." He glanced between the two of them trying to read the energy. 

"Yeah, I guess we are both here every Sunday," Sam replied. 

"Yup, you with your boys, and Sabrina's usually alone, aren't you, girl?" Shawn ran a rag across the top of the bar as he chatted with them. 

"Yeah, usually. My girls don't much like to come out before the work week begins." 

"And you do?" Sam asked. 

"Yeah, but it helps that I don't work early hours." She smiled at him. 

"What do you do?" He slid onto the barstool next to hers, apparently deciding to stay at the bar a bit. 

Turning her stool to face him more, Sabrina told him a little bit about her freelance writing work. She really had her own schedule, working when she knew she had a deadline, always enough ahead that she was never rushed, but could work at her leisure, which allowed her to be a night owl. 

Shawn stood listening, too, and once Sabrina finished explaining her work some, he interjected, "Doesn't sound too unlike what Sam does. At least not the night owl bit, right, Sam?" He laughed as he made his way to someone down the bar. 

"What do you do?" Sabrina asked.

Sam's followed Shawn as he helped the other customer before turning back to Sabrina. "I'm a physical therapist, but I work mostly evening hours to accommodate alternative schedules." He told her a little bit more about his work and how he came to do later hours. 

A couple of drinks later, they were still sitting at the bar chatting, with Shawn randomly interjecting comments or observations as he wandered between them and other customers. Sam's boys had left some time earlier, eyeing him speculatively as he told them he was going to stick around more a few more drinks. More than a couple eyed Sabrina appreciatively and winked at Sam with understanding. She and Shawn had exchanged amused glances as they said their goodbyes. Once they'd left, Sam and Sabrina's conversation picked up where it'd been interrupted and kept chatting. 

Close to 11:30 Shawn set their last drinks down, as he called for last call. "So, you two going home together or what?" he asked bluntly. Sam and Sabrina looked at each and laughed. "What?" Shawn asked, "You two been sitting here chatting all night. Sam even ditched his boys. Seems something's gotta come of all this talk." He laughed. "I ain't blind. I been standing here talking to you both most the time and you barely even notice what I say, you two are so stuck on each other." 

"Jealous?" Sabrina teased. 

"Of course. I want Sam to pay as much attention to me, too." He quipped right back, making them both laugh. 

"Ah, Shawn, I didn't realize you cared!" Sam rejoined. 

"Of course I do! I been serving you beer for how long now? And you don't even look at me the way you look at her." He smiled crookedly at both of them, winking slyly at Sabrina. 

"Well, Shawn, you don't have alluringly dark eyes or such a beautifully shaped mouth. Maybe if you put some effort into how you look, I might have noticed you pining away sooner." Sam looked over at Sabrina and smiled. 

"Oh, I see how it is. Takes a pretty face to grab your attention, does it? What about all that scintillating conversation we've shared over the years, man, does that mean nothing?" Shawn playfully threw a cocktail napkin at Sam, which he deftly caught and threw back. 

"You know I love the witty banter, man, but I think Sabrina may have you beat on that score, too. I don't think I've ever sat this long at the bar before, have I?" 

"Ain't that the truth." Shawn sighed, "Not that I blame you. Not only is she a doll, but she's smart as hell and makes her own way in this world. You could do a lot worse, man! Shit, you could have me!" and with that, he made his way, laughing, down the bar to finish serving up the last call drink orders. 

Sam watched him, laughing, as he turned back to Sabrina. "Oh man, that guy is funny!" He slapped the top of the bar before grabbing his beer and taking a long swallow. 

"Yeah, Shawn's great," Sabrina agreed. She made eye contact with Shawn from across the bar and gave him a slight nod and smile, acknowledging that she recognized what he was doing. He'd always been a great people watcher and knew when to give a push or a nudge to move things right along. 

"So, I know we've been sitting here drinking all evening, and I know you don't have to head to work early. Rather than a nightcap, can I treat you to a cup of coffee? My place is right around the corner and I make a mean cup in the French press." 

"Yeah, I'd like that." Sabrina smiled. 

They finished their drinks, closed out their tabs, and said their goodbyes to Shawn. He came around the bar to shake Sam's hand and give Sabrina a bruising hug. "If he isn't up to snuff, you let me know, girl." he breathed into her ear. She smiled up at him and nodded. "Thanks, Shawn. Have a great night!" 

Sam held the door open for Sabrina as they made their way out the door. He extended his arm for her, and sliding hers through his, he led her to his house. He lived in an old Victorian style home, complete with wide front porch. As they made their way up the stairs, Sam provided a balance for Sabrina, as she was a bit wobbly on her heels after so many bourbon martinis. She was relieved he didn't release her arm and that he lived so close. 

She held the screen door for him as he unlocked the door. Once inside, she turned to close the door behind her, and as she turned back around, Sam pressed her against the door and kissed her. He pinned her hands above her head with both of his, as his tongue coaxed her lips open so he could taste her. She relaxed into him, opening her lips and tangling her tongue with his. Grabbing both of her hands in his left hand, he slid his right hand down her body and pulled her hips tight against his. Sliding his arm around her waist, he bowed her back so her shoulders were flush against the door, hands still held above her head, but her hips were tight to his. She could feel the long, hard length of him through his jeans as he pulled her tight to him. 

Breaking the kiss, Sam rested his forehead against hers, breathing heavily. He released her hands to pull her tighter against him. She dropped her arms onto his shoulders and around his neck as she caught her breath. 

"I've been wanting to do that to you all night," he sighed. 

"Mmmm, I'm glad you finally did," she practically purred. 

"C'mon, let's go make some coffee." He pulled back from her, grabbed her hand, and pulled her behind him. Walking through the first doorway to their left, he flicked a switch and light flooded the room. As Sabrina's eyes adjusted, she noticed a long center island with a gas stove built into it. Sam made his way toward it and began grabbing items he'd need to make their coffee. "Have a seat," he motioned toward the bar stools on the other side of the island. 

Sabrina walked around the island, running her fingers along the counter. She pulled out a stool and sat, watching as he deftly prepared the coffee, set the kettle to boil, and placed two mugs to the side of the stove. As they waited for the water to boil, Sam walked over to Sabrina. Pushing her thighs apart with his body, he kissed her again. She braced her elbows on the counter so she could bend back a bit as he bent over her. Slipping his hands behind her back, he made her arch a bit more before sliding his hands up and around to cup her breasts. Sabrina sighed deeply against his lips as he kneaded her breasts through her dress. She could feel her nipples harden and peak, and knew he could feel them as he pinched and pulled at them through both her dress and bra. 

The kettle whistled and he reluctantly broke the kiss. Smiling down at her, he moved away to pour the water over the coffee grounds and set a timer. "Do you take your coffee with sugar and cream?" he asked. She nodded, and he began pulling both out of the cabinet and fridge, respectively. The timer went off, he pushed the handle down on the French press, and poured them both a cup. Sabrina hopped off the stool to make fix her cup. As she stirred in both the cream and sugar, Sam stepped up behind her and pressed himself to her back. Again, she could feel him hard against her body and she pressed back with her butt against him. 

Moaning, Sam reached around to tip her chin up and back so he could kiss her. His hand slid from her jaw, down her neck, to her breast, as his other hand held her hips in place against his. He pressed his hips forward, pressing his hardness against the fullness of her ass and her hips against the counter, repeating his movements as he continued to taste her mouth. 

Sabrina turned her body in his arms to wrap hers around his neck and wind her fingers through his hair. Sam broke the kiss to reach behind her and move her coffee cup and his out of the way before lifting her from her hips and setting her on the counter. She spread her legs, pulling him between them and locking her ankles around his hips. Wiggling closer to the edge of the counter, she ground her softness against his hardness, making them both sigh deeply as they once again tangled tongues and explored each other's mouths. 

Sam nibbled at her lower lip as he slipped his hands up the skirt of her dress. Sabrina giggled as Sam made a surprised sound as he found she was wearing thigh highs and a garter belt under her dress. 

Pulling back from kissing her, he looked at her with wide eyes. "Are you really wearing thigh highs and a garter belt?" He asked. She nodded yes, and smiled widely. "Can I see?" 

Nodding again, she dropped her legs from his hips, pushed him back a few steps, closed her legs and pulled the dress out from underneath her seat. Lifting it slowly over her head, she revealed not only the thigh highs and garter belt, but also the matching panties and bra. Sam stood staring a moment, savoring the way her pale skin was offset by the cerulean blue of the lace she wore and how the tops of the thigh highs bit softly into the flesh of her thighs. She took a deep breath in and Sam watched raptly as her chest rose and fell. 

Though her lipstick had long ago faded or been kissed off, her dark eyes were round in her face, framed by her short black hair, and her skin looked like creamy porcelain. He loved the way her breasts were mounded high by the blue lace bra, the garter belt sat high on her waist, exaggerating the indentation there, and he noticed that the panties themselves sat over the strings of the garter belt. He realized he could probably slip those off without her having to take the belt and hose off. Suddenly he very much wanted to see what that would like, too, as she sat demurely, though half naked, on his countertop. His eyes traced the length of her legs in the sheer black hose down to the high pumps she wore. 

"You look so fucking sexy sitting on my kitchen island like that." He breathed. Sabrina ducked her head, slightly hiding the smile on her lips. "Thanks," she sighed, looking back at up at him. His eyes were on her breasts, she noticed, and so she took another deep breath, making the mounds strain against the thin fabric. 

"Shit!" He stammered, "I don't even know where to start now!" They both laughed as he tried to decide if he wanted to slide those panties off and see how she'd look without them or if he wanted to kiss her again and slip her breasts out of the lace that was struggling to contain them. 

"Where do you want to start?" She asked quietly. 

"Honestly, I don't know. I keep thinking I either want to take your panties off and let you set on my countertop with only the garter belt and hose on or I wanna pull your tits out of that lace and lick and suck at your nipples until you're panting and your panties are soaked through." He met her eyes as he finished his thought, wanting to measure her reaction.

"Why not both?" She asked, and began wiggling the lace down her hips and legs, letting it slide from her knees to the floor. He watched as the small piece of lace fluttered to the ground from the tip of one of her heels before stepping forward to reach into her bra and pull one breast, then the other free. He stood back to look at the effect, taking in how the fabric of the bra, wedged beneath her tits pushed them up higher, almost making an offering of them, and noticing how her bare ass was on the counter. She still held her legs closed, but he could see the shadow of close-cropped hair between her legs. 

"Open your legs a little." He said. She slowly slid her legs open until her knees were about a foot apart, giving him a clearer view of her body. "Are you wet yet?" He asked, meeting her eyes. 

She nodded, holding his gaze, "A little." 

"Good. I'm gonna make you wetter." he said as he stepped forward, bent down, and licked at one of her nipples, his fingers pulling gently at the other. Sabrina arched her back, pushing her tits forward toward him, making it easier for him to cup them both in his hands as his lips slid back and forth between each nipple, his fingers alternately rolling them between his fingers. She moaned quietly as her buds darkened and hardened, and he licked, nipped, sucked, rolled, pinched, and pulled at them insistently. 

He noticed her breathing deepen and he stopped to look up at her face. She raised her head from where it had fallen back to meet his eyes when she realized he'd stopped suckling at her. 

"Are you wetter now?" he raised a dark eyebrow at her. 

"Why do you see for yourself?" She raised an eyebrow back at him. 

"Hmm... good idea." He smiled wolfishly. He moved his right hand from her breast, giving her left nipple one final pinch, before sliding his hand down her waist, over her low belly, and between her legs. With one finger, he flicked at her swollen clit, before slipping it between the folds of her lower lips and into her wetness. "Holy shit!" he breathed. He slowly moved his finger further between her lips, feeling just how wet she was. He could feel a small pool of wetness on the counter under her. 

Looking up, he found her smirking at him with hooded eyes. "So, am I wet?" she asked innocently. In response, he pushed her legs farther apart, pulled her ass closer to the edge of the counter, sliding her through her own little puddle, and plunged two fingers deep into her tight pussy. Releasing a deep breath, she arched her back and balanced herself on her hands behind her. "Yes...." she breathed as he finger fucked her. 

"Does that feel good?" He asked, watching her face flush, eyes tightly closed, and mouth open. 

"Oooh, yes..." she breathed as her hips undulated with the rhythm of his fingers sliding in and out of her. 

"Do you want more?" He asked just as he worked a third finger into the rhythm. 

"Yes!" she cried, arching her back further and pushing her hips harder against his hand. 

With his thumb, he circled her clit as he pumped his fingers in and out of her wetness. He could feel her juices dripping from his hand, down the edge of the counter, and to the floor. She was so tight, and as he crooked his fingers inside of her, hitting that tender spot toward the front of her body, he felt her hips bucking and her inner muscles tightening. Her breathing was ragged and she was moaning with each exhale. Slowing down with each push so as not to make her come yet, he eventually slipped his fingers from her body. 

Lifting her head again, face flushed, she met his eyes. "What?" She asked breathlessly. 

"I don't want to make you come to quickly," he smiled. "I want to make this last." 

Giggling, she nodded her agreement. "I like that sound of that." Shifting her weight, she sat up and reached for his belt. She deftly unbuckled his belt, pants button, and slid the zipper slowly down. She pushed at his pants and boxers until they lay puddled around his ankles. She sat for a moment, admiring his cock. It was so hard, the head was a faint shade of purple, and it bounced against his belly with his heartbeat. Long and thick, it swung a little to his left. 

Wrapping her right hand around it, Sabrina bent forward and pulled Sam toward her. She flicked her tongue and caught his precum on the tip of it, swirling it slowly around his head. His breathing caught in his throat as he looked down his body at her. Slowly, she slid her lips around his head and began to work down his shaft. He was surprised at how much of him she could take in. Her lips met her hand at the base of his shaft, held for a moment, and then she slid back up. 
