 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.  Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.



I always liked going to parties over at Ann's house, not only because she invariably invited a ton of her girlfriends, but also because you never knew which of them was going to be there. It could feel like Christmas morning walking around and seeing which faces were looking back at you. From there came the decision of who to put a move on first, which was often determined by the reaction you got during that initial survey. It was always a bonus when you got a positive reaction immediately and even more of a bonus when it was from somebody who you were definitely interested in. On this particular occasion, I got very positive vibes when I ran into Emily, who I'd never seen at one of Ann's parties before, but I didn't know if it was just because we hadn't seen each other in quite a while and I didn't really know if pursuing Emily would end up with the result I was looking for.

Emily and I had known each other since we'd been quite young since we'd gone to the same church. By the time I'd quit going to church, we were also friends in school being only a couple of years apart. We'd never really hung out outside of school, though, and as far as I knew she was a "good girl," still going to church every Sunday and even singing in the choir. She definitely wasn't hard on the eyes, though, and had matured from schoolgirl into woman. She was dressed conservatively but not so much as to hide the fact that she had a significant rack and a pretty nice ass. I decided to play the hand that I'd been dealt and see where it ended up going. I had no expectations and, while being friendly and flirtatious, I wasn't going to come on too strong.

Emily wasn't fawning over me by any means and we didn't spend the entire evening together, but we hung out quite a bit and I was definitely enjoying her company. When we weren't together, the possible consequences of the time we were spending together were certainly in the back of my mind. I even found myself looking around to see where she was when I was talking to somebody else. It hadn't taken long to determine that, if an opportunity presented itself to move things further along, I would definitely take it. I certainly wasn't expecting to get her naked but I was considering whether there was any potential for that in the future given that we had the whole summer ahead of us.

"Would you do me a favor?" she asked me as the night was getting late and the party was winding down.

"Sure," I replied, "Anything."

"Will you walk me home?" she asked.

"Absolutely," I replied, "You're only, what, four blocks from here, right?"

"About that," she said, "Would you have declined if it was farther?"

"Nah," I assured her, "I just might have been scared walking back all by myself. I'd probably have to run the whole way."

She laughed at that and I smiled at the image myself.

"Let me just say good-bye," she said, "then I'll be ready."

I gave my friends the heads up that I'd be back and where I was going. They all wished me good luck. Once she was ready, Emily and I headed out the door and down the street. We hadn't made it halfway down the block when her hand crept into mine. I still wasn't sure what this was all leading up to, but I was pretty certain that it was something that I'd be happy about. We talked quietly as we walked, right up until we were on her front porch. We faced each other and she wrapped her arms around my neck.

"I can't even tell you how long I've wanted to do this," she said before planting a kiss on me. I returned it and it wasn't long before her tongue crept into my mouth. I was holding her waist as we made out but couldn't help sliding my hands down to caress her ass. I knew she had to feel my rising cock as I pulled her against me.

"I need to go inside before I get in trouble," she finally said, pulling away from me, "Do you want to do something tomorrow?"

"I'd love to," I replied, "What did you have in mind?"

"I have church in the morning," she said, "but why don't you pick me up and we'll do whatever you want."

"Sounds good," I replied, "11:30 and the back door of the church?"

She agreed and, after one more quick kiss, she went inside and I started walking back to the party, my erection gradually diminishing. I was trying to figure out not only what to plan for the following day, since what I wanted to do was to get her naked and share multiple orgasms, but also what she had meant about how long she'd been wanting to kiss me. I decided to pursue that question the following day and figured out something to do that would allow us some freedom and flexibility should the desire for nudity and multiple orgasms be mutual. The last thing that crossed my mind as I got back to Ann's was whether she was fired up enough that she was taking care of her own needs at that very moment. I decided I'd think more about that later, when I was alone, too.

The party continued to wind down and I curtailed my drinking so that I wouldn't be hungover the next morning. I thought more about Emily once I was home in bed but fell asleep before I spent too much time dwelling on her potential activities after I'd left her. When my parents were off at church the next morning, I went to work putting together a variety of finger foods, which I packed in a small cooler along with some cold drinks. I wasn't waiting at the back of the church for very long before Emily came out, wearing a conservative sundress with buttons all the way down the front and her long, light brown hair hanging over her shoulders and down her back.

"So what's the plan?" she asked as she belted herself in.

"I thought we might make the most of this beautiful day," I told her, "and I thought you might be hungry so..."

"A picnic?" she asked, her eyes very bright.

"A picnic and a walk along the river," I confirmed, pleased that she was receptive to the plan.

I drove us over to Duke Island Park and headed away from the playgrounds and sports fields toward the last picnic grove before the trailhead for the path along the river. I found a shady spot to park and popped the trunk, where I had the cooler stashed.

"Do you feel like a table picnic," I asked, "or a blanket picnic?"

"Blanket picnic, definitely," she replied.

I handed her the blanket and grabbed the cooler, then suggested that she select a spot. I followed her as she found a spot a good distance from both the parking lot and the picnic tables but well-shaded and lay out the blanket. We ate and talked, often feeding each other, which had been one of the points of making only finger foods. I finally asked her about her statement the previous night.

"When I was little," she started, "I was quite smitten with you. As I got older, I still had a crush on you and often wondered what kissing you would be like. In high school, we didn't really run with the same crowd, so I never really had an opportunity to find out if you'd be interested in kissing me. So, last night, I decided it was about damn time that I finally did something about it."

"And what did you determine?" I asked, fairly certain of the response.

"I determined that it was well worth the wait," she said, "and that I'd like to do it often."

"That sounds good to me," I replied and leaned toward her. We started kissing but were quickly making out, lying together in the middle of the blanket. We rolled around for a while but eventually she ended up on top of me and started humping my cock before pulling her mouth from mine to ask if I had a condom. I grabbed my wallet and extracted the condom as she straightened up and spread her skirt out over us. After a quick look around to confirm that no one was nearby, she pulled her skirt up around her waist in the front and started to open my shorts while I stared at her exposed panties. She fished out my throbbing cock and pumped it in her hand as I got my shorts and underwear down far enough, then I rolled the condom down over it as she pulled her panties aside to reveal her light brown bush. She moved up enough that I could guide my cock to her pussy then slowly eased herself down onto it. Her pussy was amazingly hot, slippery and tight so I was wondering if I'd even last for five minutes. Fortunately, she started riding me slowly which, although it felt fantastic, was much better for my staying power than if she'd started bouncing rapidly up and down.

I had my hands on her upper thighs, but moved them around so I could caress her ass through her panties. She'd let the hem of her skirt drop down again but her hands remained under it, though I wasn't sure if it was just to hold her panties aside of if she was caressing her clit as she was riding me. Since I couldn't see, I was watching the expression on her face as her long hair hung around it. She looked happy but also as though she was experiencing intense pleasure. I couldn't believe that, twenty-four hours prior, the thought of fucking Emily would have been one of the farthest things from my mind and now her snug, slippery pussy was sliding up and down my latex-wrapped tool.

She gradually started riding me harder and faster and I began to push up into her each time she came down with the intention of penetrating her as deeply as possible. The longer and harder she rode me, the more she was moaning and the hotter and more slippery her pussy was feeling. I could feel my orgasm building up, which was no surprise even with the condom on given how snug and slippery her pussy was. I could feel my cock beginning to swell even more and was thinking that I might leave her high and dry when she suddenly gasped and started to tremble. She slowed down her pace as she came, which held off my orgasm for a little bit longer. Her orgasm appeared to be long and intense but, by the time she was coming down, her pussy had been flooded with additional lubrication and, amazingly, felt even better than it already had.

I was pushing up into her as her orgasm tapered off and she slowly went back to riding me but it only took another minute or two before I was spewing into the reservoir tip of the condom. She lay forward on top of me and we started to make out again as I reached around to make sure my shrinking cock was out of her pussy so we wouldn't have to worry about the condom slipping off. I continued running my hands over her ass, still clad in panties, knowing that I'd have my hands on the bare flesh before the end of the day. Once we'd both essentially recovered, she rolled off next to me and took the condom as I got my shorts and underwear back in place. She put the condom with the rest of our trash and we got our things all packed up, though we paused quite often to kiss.

"Are you ready for our walk?" she asked once we were all cleaned up, "I think I need to get the blood flowing back to other parts of my body besides the ones inside my panties."

"I like the ones inside your panties, though," I replied, kissing her again, "though I'd like to get them outside of your panties at some point."

"You can count on that," she said, "and I'll look forward to it."

We dropped off the cooler and blanket back at the car then headed down the path along the river, hand in hand. It was nicely shaded while still allowing clear views of the river and, we soon realized, it was also completely deserted. We made it all the way to the end of the main trail without ever encountering another person, though we were aware that people could come upon us from behind at any time.

"So I guess we turn around?" Emily asked as we stood at the end of the main trail, looking out over the river.

"No, actually," I said, "if we take this trail over here, we can go a little bit farther."

I indicated what was almost a deer trail this early in the season, though it would be a bit more worn as more people used it. It went up an incline and deeper into the woods while remaining close to the river. When we got to the top, not only was the view of the river even more dramatic, I pointed out that we could see a good distance back down the main trail so we'd know if anyone else was coming along long before they reached us.

"And why might that be important?" Emily asked, knowing full well the answer, as she slipped into my arms. We started making out again, holding each other close, but I soon repositioned us so that she was facing down the trail and leaning against a tree while I hunkered down in front of her and began to unbutton her dress from the hem upward. I stopped once I'd reached her waist and her panties were exposed as she took each side of her skirt and held them apart for me. I kissed her upper thighs, hips and abdomen while lightly caressing the front of her panties before starting to slide them down. Her light brown bush was well-groomed and I could feel my cock stiffening up again, though I was planning to make her cum again before I did.

I helped her step out of her panties then handed them to her as she spread her legs a bit more for me. I ran my tongue up her slit, tasting her copious juices and causing her to moan, then reached between her legs to grip her ass as I started to eat her pussy in earnest. She started to hump her pussy toward my face while moaning softly as she continued to hold the front of her skirt open for me. I brought one hand down and easily slipped a finger into her due to how wet she was and, as I slowly eased it in and out, I started to lick and suck her clit. She sucked in her breath and started moaning more plaintively while humping her pussy harder against my face. Glancing up, I could see that she was still occasionally gazing down at the trail below, though I wondered if she'd actually stop me if she did see somebody coming. The look on her face was pure passion and, as wet and engorged as her pussy was, I doubted very much that our public locale was going to delay the orgasm that was building.

When her legs appeared to nearly give out on her, I paused briefly and looked up at her again, but she encouraged me to keep going. She was starting to tense up a bit with an occasional full-body spasm so I wasn't surprised that her legs had nearly betrayed her. I was glad that she was feeling such intense pleasure because it reinforced, though there really wasn't any doubt to begin with, that I'd definitely find myself in this position quite often going forward. I was trying to make her feel as good as I could without denying her relief and it appeared as though she was approaching the brink. I would have been happy to taste her nectar for hours but I also didn't want to be interrupted so I wasn't disappointed when she gasped and her body started to tremble. I continued to eat her as she was cumming, stopping only once she'd let out a sigh and relaxed back against the tree.

Sitting back on my heels, I continued to unbutton her dress, wanting to see more of her naked body, especially her tits. By the time I was standing and had reached the last button, her eyes were open again and she had a big smile on her face. She'd let go of the sides of her dress but still held her panties as she reached out to pull my face toward hers so that we could kiss as my hands went to caress her tits through her bra. Her nipples were hard and, in addition to caressing the soft flesh of her breasts, I also ran my palms over her nipples. As we went from kissing to making out, I slipped my hands behind her to unfasten her bra then raised the cups above her tits and fondled the smooth, bare flesh. We were close enough together that I couldn't get a look at her tits as I caressed them but, when she pulled away from me, I took a look before she dropped to her knees.

This time I was positioned so that I could see down the main trail, but my attention was on Emily as she opened my shorts, let them drop to my ankles and slid my briefs down to allow my rigid cock to spring out. She pumped it in her petite fist before wrapping her lips around the head and sliding them down the shaft. I moaned and ran my fingers through her hair as she bobbed her head up and down, expertly sucking my cock. She started moaning, too, and I was thinking that she may have been looking forward to this moment and, consequently, may have been enjoying it as much as I was. There was no question that I was enjoying having her hot mouth sliding up and down my tool and that it wouldn't require too much effort from her before I was cumming down her throat.

When she slid my cock free of her mouth, I though initially that she needed to catch her breath, but when she moved upward until she could squeeze my cock between her tits, realized that this might just be the girl of my dreams. I finally got a nice look at her tits, their large areolas and her hard nipples as she hefted them in her hands before encompassing my cock within her cleavage and my focus remained on them as she started to slide them up and down. Even compared to her snug, slippery pussy and her hot mouth, her soft, smooth tits felt incredible and my orgasm was continuing to rapidly build up with unprecedented levels of intense pleasure. Given what we'd experienced out in nature thus far, I could not wait to get her into the privacy of one of our bedrooms.

She slid her tits up and down as my cock started to swell even further in anticipation of cumming but, before I actually reached that point, she dropped back down and released her tits, taking my cock and balls in her hands. As she engulfed my tool in her hot mouth again, she was pumping the base and caressing my balls. I savored the feeling for as long as I could but it wasn't very long before I was spewing into her mouth and she was hungrily swallowing my load. Even once I was completely spent, she seemed reluctant to release my cock from her mouth.

"That was fucking incredible," I told her, honestly.

"It was almost quite literally a dream come true for me," she replied, sitting back on her heels and looking up at me.

"I hope it was worth the wait," I said, trying not to stare at her tits.

"Oh, it absolutely was," she replied, "and maybe even more than I expected."

"It is certainly more than I ever would have expected," I replied, "but I'm so glad that you took the initiative. I see a lot of fun times for us this summer."

"Really?" she asked, as if she really hoped but wasn't quite sure, "Oh, I'm so glad."

We reluctantly covered ourselves again, but not before I played with Emily's tits some more and took a nice long look at her exposed body, still incredulous that she was basically offering it to me. Once we were presentable again, we headed back down the trail toward the picnic area hand in hand and had a long and in-depth discussion about our next steps and our expectations for the summer ahead of us.

She didn't quite manage to get me to start going back to church, but I would pick her up every Sunday afterward while all of our parents were at the post-service social hour and we'd go to either her house or mine and fuck like crazy in one of our beds. It certainly wasn't the only sex we were having each week, not by a long shot, but it was the one time of the week we knew we could count on the opportunity to do it in a bed.