 It was a bad idea – I knew from the word go. But there was no other way to be near Sunita. When she asked me to stay over that weekend, I was torn between the idea of being near her and the discomfort of being at home on a Saturday night – the night Karan looks for her. Hell, I also know that I get aroused as mad being near Sunita and how would I manage to stay within bounds? I had stayed at her place once when Karan was traveling and was extremely familiar with the layout of the house – would Karan find that strange?

There were other friends that dropped in that Saturday night for an evening together and there was music, drinks and all the usual bonhomie that goes with a night of friends together. I didn't know any of them – except my Sunita and Karan – her Karan. I helped around the house with drinks and snacks and stuff, and on more than one occasion we passed so close to each other I could smell her perfume. More than once she looked me in the eye and her face was flushed red. 

As the evening came to a close most of the people left, and I lingered on, hoping Karan would go to bed before Sunita and me. It began to get awkward as Karan clearly had plans for himself with Sunita – moving close to her, smooching her, and caressing her as she went past when he thought no one was looking. But I was looking – I spent the entire evening looking at her from different angles: laughing, smiling, joking, flirting, serving: she looked as beautiful as she ever did.

And I saw Karan building up towards her and knew that my retiring to my room was inevitable. I went and lay down not quite able to sleep. Soon I heard some noises, of Sunita and Karan. I opened the door slightly. Both of them were downstairs in the kitchen. 

"Hey, let go of me!" Sunita squealed. "I am not done with the kitchen." 

"Naaaaaaaaaw," he drawled and pressed himself against her back pinning her to the counter in the kitchen. She could feel his surging, if small, cock pressing into her. 

"Karan," she hissed, "What are you doing?" I saw his hands disappear to the front of her. A loud moan from her, "Mmmmmmmmmm!" Obviously he was kneading her tits.

She pushed him away, her face red. She knew I was there upstairs; and we had talked of this night. We had thought he would be too drunk and sleep off; or that she would manage that. But she never held any assurances to me that she would come to me or my room after that. She was clear. That would hardly be the right thing for a married demure woman, who cared for her husband to do. The only thing she sought to tell me is that I would not have to live with the thought that she was being fucked by him, or fucking him, when I was there in that house.

I watched as she went to the fridge to put away some dishes. He followed her and caught her there too. She turned around and he rubbed himself against her. She pushed him away and they stumbled and that brought Sunita near the dining table. He pushed her back and her ass was propped on that dining table. He kissed her neck and her chin. 

"Oohhh, Ssssuuuu... Karan!" she murmured. His lips trailed down her throat and nuzzled her breasts. Her hands went to his head and she tried to pull him up – so he shouldn't go down on her. Not where only her Shyam was allowed to take her.

"Karan, not here! The maids, the kids, not here....!" She whispered as she pushed him away. Her sentence was punctuated with groans and grunts as she felt his lips drive her wild. She ran to the stairs and he ran behind her. She was four steps ahead so her ass was at his face level. He reached out and bit at her ass.

"Aaaaaaaah...Karan!" she shuddered. Her knees became weak. She sank to the stairs and he was on top of her.... Grinding himself into her. Her hands went around his shoulders holding him..... and he rammed hard. 

"KARAN!" Sunita hissed. "What are you doing?" 

The thrusting rammed his cock against her pussy through clothes and all. She got up and stumbled to the top of the stairs. He grabbed her by the wrists and kissed his way up her hand. To her shoulder. Down her chest. And I saw his lips nip at the tip of her breast. I was burning with jealousy and with arousal. 

Karan was too aroused to go as far as their own bedroom and he pushed her to the small ante room next to my guestroom. He ripped open her shirt top, a loud rip shearing the stillness of the night air. His hands opened the button of her trousers and he peeled it down. 

"Wait!" Sunita pleaded, the lust in her voice apparent. 

"For what? There are no maids and here and the kids are asleep in their room," Karan countered. 

He threw her back on the bed. Her shirt was open. She was in her panties. Heaving. Excitement writ large on her face. Never before had Karan been this forceful in his assault on her. He pulled down her panties and threw it, and it came and fell so near where I was standing. I crept out of the room to a place from where I could see more. 

She took off her shirt and her bra. The manner in which she did this was familiar to me. The body language indicated she was ready now to get fucked. That was how it was when she was with me too: there would be a point at which she would take of her rings and trinkets – a clear signal to me that I could change gears.

Karan too changed gears. He tongued her all over her body. Breasts. Shoulder. "Oh Karan!" she gasped. Her stomach. "mmmmmmmmm, aaaaaaaaahh." 

He moved lower. She gasped and sat up and pulled his head to her. 

"No not there, Karan," she thought to herself. "That place belongs to my Shyam." 

He spread her legs roughly. 

"Karan, careful," she said, while her hands came around and clutched at his ass as she got excited and started to want his cock. But he was in an animal mood. He held her legs apart, one in each hand. Then slid his hands down to the inside of her thighs and fell on her. His cock bludgeoned into her. "Aaaaaaaaaaah! Karannnnnnn, slowly sweetheart," she pleaded to no avail.

"No!" he screamed. And then thrust ever harder into her pussy. Her hand came up behind his neck trying to pull him close so he couldn't thrust that hard. He pushed her away and held her hips, holding her up so her so pussy was a target. "HAAAAAA" he screamed as he pounded into her. In and out. In and out. His ass tightened. Her hands clutched at his ass and kneaded them. He hammered into her. He was out of breath. He couldn't go on. His chest was bursting.

She knew he couldn't last longer, nor did he have that kind of stamina. He was no Shyam. Shyam was different. Never this violent. And completely untiring. Her leg was spread right now at an impossible angle. With Shyam? He would have sensed her hip was paining. Karan's cock was not so thick as Shyam's. And yet it was pleasuring her with a tinge of pain. With Shyam? No matter how hard he fucked her pussy was always wetter and wider, and could have never felt even a remote twinge of pain, unless it was a pleasurable pain.

She had to do something. She reached between them. Karan was still holding himself away from Sunita so that he could continue his animal thrusting. That gave Sunita enough space to reach between and ring his cock with her fingers. As he thrust next, his skin was pulled back and the cockhead swelled up. She twitched her cunt and twisted her hips a bit and he started to shudder. He pulled out – withdrawal was how they managed birth control. His cum spilled onto her belly, her thighs. 

She pulled him close to give him the comfort of cumming by hugging; by trapping his cock between them, pressed on her belly. It twitched and throbbed. Spilling and smearing onto their tummies.

She held him close, allowing him to finish cumming. She was looking at the ceiling thinking of how Shyam never failed to give her the satisfaction of the fullness of his cock in her womb and the warm gush. That is when she noticed me – looking over his shoulder and seeing me watching them.

Her face went red. She stiffened. Her modesty as a married woman was compromised. And o god, how could she have let Shyam see her like this. I looked at her lying there. Legs spread wide. Karan prone over her. Her one hand around his shoulder. The other cupping his ass. Her heel over his calf. She pushed him away. He rolled over, asleep as he landed. Tired out exhausted. He had exerted himself, and was spent.... But was she taken anywhere...........?

She gathered her clothes and covered her body with her hands in front. She crept out, shy and embarrassed. Trying to slip away to her room to wash up and change. But she was to pass too close to me to go that way. I grabbed her wrist and pulled her into my room.

"Shyam, what are you doing?" she hissed. "Karan is there right next door." 

"And I am here," I replied. Determined to feel her breasts and heartbeat against my chest before the slut in her went back into that shell which hid the real her from me.

Her clothes dropped to the floor and I pushed her to the wall. She could feel my cock prod her belly through my pajamas as I leaned into her. I kissed her neck. Nibbling her earlobes. And my palm flattened against her tummy. I felt the half dry smear of his seed on her tummy and my palm inched down to her pussy. My palm covered her pussy and my fingers played with the strip of sensitive skin between the pussy and her anus. I felt the wetness. And I felt something else......

The throb of her cunt. 

"Shyaaaaaaaaaaam! I have wanted you all evening," she lied. It may be true of this moment, but I could not put away in my mind the images of her fucking Karan with a lust that was undeniable.

Right now, her hand rubbed my cock and the pajama was wet in a jiffy. My hand went under her and cupped her ass. I lifted her one leg and brought it around my hip. That gave her the support of the wall and her other leg was on the floor. My hand holding her ass fully in my large hands, I lifted her up. Her tummy caressed my cock pressing it backward. Up came her pussy the wetness of cock and cunt smearing each other. I lifted her higher giving place to my cockhead to nose her open. And then she adjusted her hips a bit so the cunt capped over the cockhead. She thrust down. 

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh Sunitaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" I shuddered helplessly. 

"Shyyyyyyyyyam. It feels great to be taken by you darling!" she screamed, her hand on the back of my head. We thrust a few times. And then we let go and slid to the floor right there. 

We used my pajama to soak up the soppy juices in her pussy. Then she got on top of me. I held her breasts in my hand. She let her weight down on me and let my hands hold her up. My thumbs toggled her nipples. I pinched her nipples. 

"Aaagh! Hnnnnh! Oooo! Shyam. My nipp –ah- nipples – uh nipples ...they aaaaaahhh want yo... your..... fingers," she wailed. 

I looked up and saw her lust crazed face. Her body propped up by my grip on her tits. Her ass moved up and down. "Oh! Aaawwwh, yaaaaaaah! Fuck me. Take me. Fill me....," Sunita begged. 

Her breasts are a full handful. A very full handful, but no more. And the harder I held them, the more her pussy seemed to twitch. She thrust down. I lay back and took the hump with a long, "Yesssssssssssssssssss!"

When she pulled herself up, I fucked upward. "Haaannnnnnnnhhh!" she went. And with that thick rod thrust up into her, she lost control of her neck muscles and her head shuddered and flailed. Then it was her turn to fuck down. 

'Ooohhhh, Sunitaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" I cried out as I felt the loss of control. 

"Yes baby, cum! Cum! Cum!" she looked down into my eyes. Sensing that for once her Shyam was going to lose control she brought her legs together and a look of determination came on her face. She fucked as if she was the man. I was beside myself. 

"No Sunita, I ....ahhh.. don't......... no ..........want........no, no, no, no, no, no!" and with every 'no' I squirted into her. Blasts of cum splashing into her. 

She smiled and with her eyes laughing, said, "Yes, darling!" The contrast in her efforts with Karan and me flashed through my mind. She needed Karan to finish. She wanted her Shyam to flood her and take her and fill her. 

Her moans and thrusting and jerking were certainly louder and more intense. She leaned back and fondled my balls and thighs as she continued to fuck the now depleting cock. "Ah! Yes, baby! Do me! Take me! Dry me! Yes Sunita! Don't stop....!" I laughed. "Don- ah... don't don't don't stoppppppppppppppp!"

My hands let go of the tight grip and started to caress her breasts, heaving softly. Tenderly. Every time my fingers caressed her nipples with a feather touch, she shuddered, "ufffffff. Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!". A rumbling shudder. Which spasmed on my cock. I twitched. The tender caress went out of control and I quickly squeezed hard before going back to a gentler caress. Holding her while she was still sitting upright. Hands on her hips. Roaming her back. Nails tracing lines on her body making her shudder everywhere.

Till I had slipped out of her. She lifted her leg to get off me. I savored that view, of the pretty and conformist housewife getting off her stud lover with her legs spread wide. Her body on her haunches splayed open. Dripping. Then I realized I hadn't given her the big one which she had stopped Karan from going for. 

I held her hips and encouraged her to move over my face but she wouldn't. We struggled a bit. She reached for my pajama and and cleaned herself as best as she could. She got off me. Her ass was near me. I reached out and bit her. She gasped. I pushed her onto the floor and she was soon sitting near me. Both of us a sprawl of limbs and clothes on the floor. While her husband snored gently in the smaller ante-room type bedroom a few feet away. 

I gently made her lie back on the mangled heap of clothes. I slid two fingers into what was right then a yawning chasm of a cunt. I couldn't feel anything in there gripping any of me. I went for her clit. It was swollen and on display. My tongue found its target. I thrummed the clit with a simple focus of getting her there. 

She thrashed. Deep groans from well within her throat, "Awwwwwwwwwwwhhhh! Shyam. Aaaaaaaah. Shyam. Shyam. Shyam .Shyam....... yes my Shyam........!" 

A rivulet started to flow on the floor as she bucked her hips, fucking my face. Her stomach muscles were standing up – her flaccid tummy was tented. I felt her womb swell. The flesh inside her expanded and, incredibly, pushed out my fingers. 

She curled up. I tried to touch her. She couldn't take even a finger touch. On her thigh. On her ass. On her tummy. Anywhere. She shivered. She looked at me. A shy smile. A shaking of the head. As if to say, "How are you able to make me such a slut, when just a while ago, one person was just able to make me just a bit wet?"

She went to the door and listened. Silence. She looked towards the ante-room. He was there on his back. His cock totally receded. Otherwise exactly as she had left him. She couldn't leave him there – that room had no doors. She wore her panties. Her bra. Her trousers. Her shirt. And she went to lead him to their bedroom.........