 Living on a small lake in New England has some advantages especially on the hot humid days of summer when just moving around makes you hot and sweaty and drains you of all your energy. Today was one of those days. My wife and I were sitting on the deck enjoying what breeze there was and commenting on how quite the lake was today. She looked at me and reminded me that it was the middle of the week and most people were probably at work. I smiled and nodded that she was right while I sipped on my early morning cocktail.

"Hey hon. Lets go for a boat ride and see whose around." my wife excitedly remarked.

"Ok. I'll load us up and we'll take a tour."

After about ten minutes or so she met me at the dock with a cooler and some towels and off we went with just the electric trolling motor humming away as we slowly glided though the semi calm waters. As we passed the first two properties it became apparent that we were the only one at the lake. My wife being a sun worshiper took advantage of the situation removing her top and bikini bottoms sitting in the nude on one of the towels. I stared at her magnificent tits (34d's) and bald pussy as we were navigating around when she told me that I should remove my shorts and enjoy the breeze so I slid them off revealing a hard on.

"Someone is enjoying themselves I see."

"It's the fresh air." I remarked.

"No I think it's these huge jugs that keep turning you on." She took her hands and massaged them for me and gave each nipple a little pinch which made as hard as stone while she giggled.

I took a sip of my cocktail as I enjoyed not only her body but the wilderness that surrounded us. We looked for other signs of life but no one was around as we cruised the shoreline soaking up the sun and semi cool breeze.

I pulled into a small cove that had some sandy beach area with some large rocks that shielded the woods behind the beach.

"What's up?" she asked.

"I'm pulling in here to take a piss and stretch my legs."

We beached the boat and I looked for a place to piss when she snuck up behind me and asked if she could hold it while I pissed. I laughed and she gently held it while I urinated, making a little design on one of the rocks. We both laughed as she shook it a few times and led me down to the water and scooped some into her hand as she washed my cock and balls for me. 

"There now. It's nice and clean."

"Thanks." I replied.

She went over to the boat and grabbed a towel and put it on a large rock and scooted up on it and leaned back on her arms with her legs spread open.

"Hey lover, Eat me!"

My cock went to full attention after that remark as I walked over to where she was seated which was right at mouth level for me. I backed up about three or four steps and admired this beautiful sight.

"What's wrong? She asked.

"I'm just admiring you and thinking of how great it would be if you played with yourself first."

She smiled with a sexy look as she laid back and began massaging her big round tits pushing them together while playing with her nipples making them protrude out even more than they were before. My cock was bobbing around with anticipation as she slid a hand down past her belly to her already moist pussy. The hand went quickly to her mouth for lubrication as she wet her fingers and brought them to her pussy lips and started to rub in circles first and up and down her crack before sliding two into her self. 

Her breathing was quick which told me she was getting close so I stepped forward and took over with my tongue; swirling it up and down her pussy seeking the hood to find a very swollen clit. I wrapped my tongue around it and pulled causing her to gasp so I wet two fingers and slid them into cunt and started to slowly stroke her. She was on fire as her hips came off the rock and she screamed she was cumming. I sucked on her clit as I pumped her pussy.

"I'm cumming!!!!" she gurgled as she drenched my mouth and fingers with her juices.

I was lapping up her cum as fast as I could while still fingering her pussy when she came again which caused her whole body to shake and quiver. She grabbed my head and pushed me away!

"Stop right now or I won't be able to stand!" she yelled.

"Baby you taste so fucking good I couldn't help myself."

"You're a fucking pig and I love you. Get back over her and finish sucking my juices up but no fingers just lap lightly. Please?"

I dove back in but this time I made love to her pussy with my tongue being very gentle with her clit while sucking out her nectar. She sighed and told me she needed a rest so I helped her down and she sat on the sand and regained her wits. I walked around the beach area for a few minutes when she got up and went in the water to cool her body down so I joined her.

"God honey that was fucking incredible; I can't remember the last time I came like that."

She wrapped her body around mine as we kissed in the lake causing my cock to stir and poke her belly. She pulled her self up and licked my ear and told me she had something special for me. We went back to the beach and she looked at my ragging hard on.

"Well lover here's the deal. How about I suck your cock for the rest of the boat ride around the lake." I pondered that thought and asked what happens If I cum.

"I'll just keep sucking until we get back no matter how many times you cum!"

"New deal." I said.

"What's that?" she asked.

"Blow job now and when we get back to the house you suck on my balls until I can't stand it any more and then I fuck your ass out on the dock where someone might catch us."

"My final offer." She laughed. "Jerk off into my mouth right now. I'll suck on your balls on the way home and when we get there you run up and get the lube and I'll take up the ass for you."

I told her to drop to her knees and open up because all this talk was making my balls swirl. She grabbed my hand and led me over to the rock I just ate her out on and told me to lean against it and step forward so my weight was on my back and arms. She got down on her knees and took my balls in her hand and lovingly sucked on each one swirling her tongue over them while holding them in her mouth.

Her hands were gently stroking my cock while starting a humming sensation on my balls. God I was in heaven!

"Fuck, baby I need to cum pretty soon." 

She intensified her sucking, stroking, and humming which brought me to the edge of an orgasm when she suddenly stopped and engulfed my cock all the way to the base as I blasted a huge load of cum down her throat which she gulped like a pro. This didn't slow her a bit as she bobbed up and down on my shaft as I fired out another load for her to swallow which she devoured like it was her last drink. She slowly sucked her way to the head which she bathed with her tongue lapping up my last drops of cum. 

"Baby you are the best cocksucker in the world,"

"Why thank you honey."

I took a few minutes to recover and walked into the lake to refresh my body. She put the towels in the boat placing one on the bottom just in front of where I sat, told me to get in and comfortable as she pushed us out on the water and jumped in. Once we were underway again she knelt in front of me and positioned me and her body so she could suck on my balls for the ride home. Between her sucking my balls and stroking my cock I was rock hard as we pulled up to our dock. She tied the boat as I jogged up to the house for the anal lube; when I retuned she was on all fours looking back over her shoulder at me with a wicked smile.

"Listen lover I want you to fuck me in the ass not rape it. Do understand the difference?"

"Yes baby I know how to treat it."

With that I opened the lube pouring a generous amount on her crack and my fingers as I ever so slowly slid a finger past her pucker hole waiting for any objection. No response so I slid another and another as three fingers were now fucking her as and she was cooing like calf. I greased up my cock and placed the head against her now opened ass and slowly slid in as she backed up to my first stroke so I knew I was fine.

"God lover that feels so fucking incredible. Your fat cock in my ass and soon you'll fill it with a load of hot cum!"

"You fucking slut you drive me crazy when you talk like this!"

"Ram that piece of meat hard into my ass. I want to feel used!"

"Ok cunt here we go!"

I started to pump her like my life depended on it as she backed her ass up on each slam driving my cock further into her ass. I know it wouldn't be much longer before I would be filling her ass with my load.

"Oh baby let me know when your ready so you can rub my clit because I'm real close right now."

I reached down between her legs and the juices had started to flow so I found her clit and told her we were going to have corresponding orgasms as I began tweaking her. Man she was a woman possessed bucking like it was her last fuck when the orgasms came as I shot a big heavy load in her ass. She responded by gushing out waves of pussy juice which I caught in my hand and licked off feeding the second one to her which she greedily sucked clean. My dick slid out as she applied a little pucker power to her asshole and I rolled off the dock into the water with her right behind me.

We cleaned up and went to the house for lunch and a little rest. Sitting on the deck enjoying the afternoon I looked over at her resting on the couch watching her huge tits rise and fall with each breath my cock began to stir and become hard again.

"Is that for me?"

"I thought you were sleeping."

"Just resting my eyes dreaming about swallowing another load of cum."

"This fresh air has some kind of erotic effect on you. Doesn't it?" 

"You're the one with the hard on."

She got off the couch and straddled my lap lowering her pussy onto my cock. After all these years it was still incredibly tight.

"What happened to swallowing my cum?"

"I'll clean you with my tongue when we get done. You won't get cheated."

She rode me slowly as I always came quickly when we fucked. We kissed with dueling tongues going down each other throats catching the heat of the moment. 

"I could stay like this for ever." She remarked.

She started a rocking motion making her pussy muscles tighten they're hold on my cock. I felt my balls starting to move around and told her I didn't know how much longer I would last.

She whispered in my ear. "I have a craving for your cum mixed with my juices so go ahead and cum."

That's all it took as my balls tightened and I filled her pussy with a couple of heavy blasts of my cum. When I started to shrink she stood up looked down at me with a sheepish grin, dropped to her knees and licked my cock and balls clean which she took extra time enjoying as when was done I was semi hard again.

"Eat me stud!"

I thought to myself, "what the fuck I'm on a roll" so I pushed her onto the couch and threw her legs over my shoulders and started to suck my cum out while lashing her clit with my tongue. I worked my tongue into her pussy swirling around darting in and out.

"O god lover, I'm cumming!" 

She stared a flow that covered my face with her sweet pussy juice. I had a hard time sucking up her juices using my lips and tongue but I succeeded. All this work had me excited!

"You can't have another hard on. You just fucked me about ten minutes ago!"

"Sorry honey but I'm just getting so turned on."

"Don't be sorry lover. How many 60 year old men can get it up this many times in half a day like you have?"

"I think it's my 50 year old wife that does it."

"Thanks lover, now bring that fat cock over her for me to suck dry again!"