 Terry flipped through a psychology text, trying to concentrate on the pretentious jargon. The dorm suite was quiet. For once, she couldn't blame her roommates for distracting her; they were all out for the evening. She would have gone with them – they'd invited her – but they always ended up at an expensive restaurant or a club with a steep cover charge. Payday for her cafeteria job was still three days away. She needed to conserve her pocket money.

After a few more minutes Terry slammed her book shut. It was useless; she just wasn't going to get any work done. She pushed her chair back and stood up. There had to be somebody around to talk to. She was only wearing panties and a bra, so she pulled on a pair of jeans and a sweatshirt and headed down the hall. Her first stop was a bust. The suite next door was as empty as hers. Come on, she thought, it's a Tuesday night. Where is everybody? But she knew the answer. They all had social lives. She amended that thought. They could all afford social lives. Still, it was a big dorm. Someone had to be around. She tried a single at the end of the hall. Its occupant, Vanessa, was a senior who Terry knew from a couple of dorm parties.

To her surprise, Vanessa opened the door right away. Vanessa was wearing what could only be described as a naughty schoolgirl outfit: a short plaid skirt, knee socks, and a white blouse open way down in front revealing a deep cleavage. Vanessa looked... grown up. A striking woman with lush curves, meticulously groomed from her long dark hair to her pink manicured nails and subtle eye shadow. Terry had usually seen her surrounded by male admirers, and no wonder. She wondered idly what level of time commitment looks like Vanessa's required.

"Oh, hi, Terry," she said pleasantly. "I was just on my way out. What's up?"

Her, too? Terry must have looked as distressed as she felt.

"What's the matter?" Vanessa asked.

"Oh, nothing, really. I was looking for an excuse not to study, but everyone seems to have something else going on this evening."

Vanessa smiled sympathetically. "Why don't you come with me? I have an appointment, but it won't take more than 45 minutes or so. Then we can get coffee somewhere."

Terry smiled. Coffee was still in her price range. "Sure. I'd love to." And it was true. She felt a little privileged to be riding around with Vanessa in her racy Audi, hanging out with such a sophisticated and glamorous senior.

"Where do you need to go?"

"Oh, just a motel." The answer was casual, but something in Vanessa's voice told Terry not to ask for more details.

The motel was a few minutes away from school, and Vanessa parked in the back. She seemed to be familiar with the layout.

"You can wait in the lobby. I'll be back to collect you in a bit."

Terry sat in a plush chair and leafed through tourist brochures, then moved on to a real-estate magazine with its brightly-colored images of impossibly expensive homes near lakes and golf courses. She computed that she'd have to work 8,400 cafeteria shifts before she could buy one of them. 

Eventually, Vanessa returned and they headed for a Starbucks. Vanessa was telling Terry about her vacation plans in Cancun when her cell phone rang.

"Oh, hi Jeff," Vanessa said cheerily. "Tonight?" She looked towards Terry. "Well, I'm kind of tied up."

Terry whispered: "Don't worry about me. If you need to go somewhere..."

Vanessa mouthed: "Are you sure?" Terry nodded emphatically. "Okay, I can do it. The suites place? What number? 114? Okay, see you at nine."

Terry sat silently, not knowing what to say. Was this what she thought it was? She wasn't naïve, but it came as a surprise to her that girls she knew went around meeting guys named Jeff in motel rooms late at night. But she was probably jumping to a totally unwarranted conclusion. She looked over at Vanessa, who had put her phone away.

"Ah, look, Vanessa, I don't mean to pry, but, um, what was that about?"

Vanessa smiled, totally at ease. "Well, I don't advertise the fact around school, but I do erotic massages to earn a little extra money. I don't usually do two guys right after one another, but Jeff's a regular and I try to accommodate him."

Terry didn't know what to say. She looked down at her lap, embarrassed.

"So I should probably drive you back. We can go out tomorrow night instead if you'd like."

"Oh, I don't want you to go out of your way."

Vanessa gave that some thought. "Well, you could wait again and we could find some place that's open late afterwards."

"Sure. That'd be fine."

Vanessa looked thoughtfully at Terry for a moment. "Or you could come in with me. I'm sure Jeff wouldn't mind."

Terry was stunned into silence. Was she joking? No, apparently not. It was obviously crazy; she couldn't even imagine being part of a scene like that. It was... she wasn't quite sure what it was. Sordid? Demeaning? Something along those lines. Or maybe not. She had to admit to just the slightest bit of curiosity. What exactly was it that Vanessa did? 

"Ah, Terry?"

She wondered if this was how other girls she knew got their cars and their nice clothes. Some of them had well-to-do parents, but most were like Terry's, able to cover their daughters' tuition, but not much more. Her curiosity nagged at her. When would she get another opportunity like this? Probably never. She could think of it as research for her psychology course, get some homework done tonight after all. And who would know? Vanessa wasn't likely to tell anyone. 

"I wouldn't have to... do anything, would I?"

Vanessa laughed. "No, just hang out. It's really no big deal. You can leave anytime if you feel uncomfortable." They drove in silence for a few more minutes then pulled into a motel parking lot.

"I'm going to check to see if Jeff is cool", said Vanessa. "Then I'll come back and get you, okay?"

Terry nodded silently. Vanessa got out and her heels clicked evenly against the blacktop. Terry sat in frozen silence. What had she just gotten herself into? Why hadn't she just accepted Vanessa's first offer to drive her back to her dorm? This was all just too weird, too scary, too sudden.

Terry stared into space and a moment later, it seemed, Vanessa was back at the passenger-side window. "Ready?"

Terry had to hold her hands in her lap to keep them from shaking. She didn't look at Vanessa, but she nodded.

"Let's go then."

Terry opened the door and stepped out. She stumbled on her first step, but then walked quickly, looking down at the ground. Vanessa knocked on number 114. The door opened part-way, and Vanessa stepped inside motioning Terry to follow her. 

"Come on, it's best if no one sees us."

Terry moved inside numbly. She heard the door close behind her then looked around at the dim, ordinary room – the TV set on the oak table, the small desk and chair and table lamp. And the bed. It was a queen, she decided, with a flower-print bedspread. A man as undistinguished as the room stood near the bed. He had a narrow, pale face with wrinkles just starting around the eyes. He was around forty, still with all his hair, though some of it was going gray. He wore a polo shirt and slacks, and his shoes were already off.

The man extended a hand. Terry jumped, then recovered and shook it. "I'm Jeff," he said.

"Hello, I'm Terry."

She was taken aback. Somehow she hadn't expected such normal social interaction. Jeff looked her up and down, increasing her sense of awkwardness. She was acutely aware of how unsexy she must seem in her jeans and baggy sweatshirt. Not to mention her plain cotton underwear. Well, at least he wouldn't be looking at that tonight.

Vanessa stepped in sternly. "She's a bit shy – and it isn't an act. So go easy on her." Terry bristled a bit. I can take care of myself, she thought. I don't need a mother hen.

"Terry, why don't you sit on that chair?" Vanessa indicated an armchair beside the desk. It was only three or four feet from the bed. She'd almost be able to touch them while they did... whatever. She suddenly felt a little light-headed. Maybe sitting down wasn't such a bad idea. She felt her way over the chair.

"Jeff, why don't you get a little more comfortable?" Vanessa suggested with a seductive smile. He looked over at Terry and shrugged. Vanessa headed for the bathroom. 

Jeff pulled his shirt over his head, folded it and put it on a chair. He followed that with his shoes and socks, then his pants. He looked away from Terry as he undressed, trying to pretend that she wasn't there. For her part, Terry tried not to look directly at him. But it wasn't easy; he was only a few feet away. He was lean and more muscular than she had expected. The yellow light from the floor lamp shaded his biceps and his chest. Wearing only his boxers he was more dressed than he would have been in a swimsuit. But it was different being inside. More intimate, more dangerous. She felt an unexpected warmth starting between her legs.

Jeff took a quick look towards her and smiled sheepishly as he slid his shorts down and threw them on the pile of clothing. Then he lay face down on the bed. He turned away from her as he did it, so that she had only a glimpse of his cock. But his butt was very much in evidence as he stretched out and closed his eyes. She was immediately struck by how different his body was from the boys she'd known. They were lanky and smooth-skinned, while Jeff was bigger and blockier, and, well, hairy. Since he couldn't see her looking, she ran her eyes along his body, taking in the hard thighs and well-defined back. But her gaze kept returning to his butt. She had to stop herself from reaching out and feeling just how firm it was, from running her hand along its curves. It was undeniably tempting, and she doubted Jeff would mind if she did... 

No. Absolutely not. She held herself back by a force of will and moved her gaze down to his legs. They were a little apart, creating a dark space between his buttocks that drew her eye. A bit of dark hair led down to a barely visible bulge of wrinkled skin. She stared openly, taking in every part of him. There was something completely fascinating about looking at a man's naked body, knowing that she wasn't involved, that she was practically invisible, protected by her sensible clothes.

Vanessa was back a minute later wearing crimson thong panties and a matching bra. Terry marveled at how tanned Vanessa was, and she immediately knew that she wasn't cut out for this kind of job. Vanessa's legs were so smooth, her hips curved so elegantly. And her breasts! So round and big, C-cups at least, with lots of cleavage. Terry's girl-next-door looks could never compete. Vanessa had her dark hair tied back, and she seemed very relaxed, very much in control. Jeff looked up at her, and Vanessa slapped him playfully on the butt as she sat down beside him on the bed. She had a bottle of some sort of oil that she squirted on the backs of Jeff's thighs. She rubbed it in then started to make slow rhythmic strokes with her palms. On top of everything else, Vanessa seemed to have had massage training. Evidently there was a lot more to this sex thing than Terry realized. Jeff purred as Vanessa moved up to his back, digging in with the heels of her hands. 

She looked up at Terry. "Want to try a few strokes?" 

Terry felt stricken. She sat with her mouth open, unable to respond.

"Come on, you'd be doing exactly the same thing if you took a massage class."

Terry thought about that. It was probably true. "But I've never learned to do a massage."

Vanessa laughed. "I'll tell you both a secret, neither have I."

"It feels great," Jeff said. "Go ahead, Terry. I promise I won't complain if you get too rough." That earned him another slap on the butt from Vanessa.

Terry got up slowly and moved over to the bed. Straddling Jeff with her crotch resting on his thighs would give her the best angle, but that was obviously out of the question. She tried sitting in several different positions before she found one that worked, on the opposite side of the bed from Vanessa. Vanessa demonstrated a long stroke, and Terry repeated it as best she could. The oil made his skin slippery, but the warmth came right through it. She tried a few more stokes. Nothing to it, really.

"Do his butt," Vanessa said, squirting a little oil on each buttock.

Terry hesitated for a second. Just a minute earlier she had been wondering what it would feel like to touch him there. She shrugged. It wouldn't be a big departure from the largely impersonal task of massaging his back. She slid her hands over Jeff's rump, not really pressing down, just feeling the firmness of the skin beneath her fingers.

"Push harder," Vanessa advised matter-of-factly. "The muscles are down in there a ways."

Terry dug in harder with the heel of her hand and Jeff made appreciative noises.

"Reach between his legs and give his balls a squeeze," Vanessa said.

Terry pulled her hands back as if they'd been burned.

Vanessa giggled. "Like this." She reached into the dark recess Terry had been staring at surreptitiously just a few minutes earlier. Jeff made another contented sigh.

"Okay, big boy. Roll over."

Jeff obliged with a leisurely motion and looked up expectantly. Vanessa unhooked her top and lifted it teasingly over her head. Terry didn't know where to look first. Vanessa was breathtaking. The nipples on her heavy, round breasts were large and dark. And she had a belly-button ring. Terry had always thought they were kind of silly, but on Vanessa it looked very sexy. And stretched out between them was a completely naked man. He was looking at Vanessa as well, taking in the upward curving undersides of her breasts. Again, Terry felt invisible, even though she was close enough to smell the faint masculine scent that rose from Jeff's body. While his attention was directed at her friend, Terry let her gaze wander along Jeff's abdomen, past the thick patch of pubic hair, shiny and nearly black, and down to where his cock lay flaccid between his thighs. It was circumcised and awfully thick. His balls were big too, packaged up loosely in pink, wrinkled skin. Terry realized that she should probably be moving back to the safety of her chair. But she stayed where she was.

Vanessa squirted more oil, first on Jeff's thighs, then on his chest. The massage routine changed now. After each stroke Vanessa dragged her long lacquered nails across his stomach and teased his nipples with her fingertips. Jeff groaned softly and his hand moved to rest on Vanessa's bare thigh. As she worked down towards his belly, his hand moved along her leg then over the curve of her hip. Terry was startled. She expected Vanessa to push his hand away, but she ignored it completely.

The room was very quiet. There was only the sound of breathing and skin sliding slickly against skin. Terry looked back at Jeff's cock. It was starting to grow. Vanessa circled it with a fingertip then moved over it, brushing against it very lightly. His cock jumped. It was really big now. Terry had never seen anything like it. The ones she'd dealt in the past with were skinny and pale by comparison. Jeff's was thick and red with blood. A big vein stood out along one side. Terry's breathing deepened. She kept her hands locked tightly together on her lap.

Vanessa leaned closer. Her hand wrapped around the base of the shaft and slid upwards. Jeff grunted and lifted his hips. Vanessa's hand moved back down, gripping him firmly, then she began a smooth stroking motion. Jeff closed his eyes and his hand crept up her body until it cupped one of her breasts. 

Terry couldn't take her eyes off of his cock. Somehow it had gotten bigger, and the vein was throbbing. It rose like a tree trunk from the dark tangle of his pubic hair. Jeff's breathing turned hoarse and he began to rub Vanessa's nipple. After a moment it stiffened. Terry realized that her own nipples were painfully hard. She looked down at herself, alarmed. Did they show? Certainly not under her sweatshirt. And, anyway, Jeff's attention was directed elsewhere. He groaned, bucked his hips... and Vanessa let go of him. Jeff's breathing slowed.

Vanessa looked at Terry. "You try it," she said.

Terry put her hand to her mouth. "No, I..."

"It's easy. Come on, just for a minute."

Jeff turned to look at her. His voice was husky. "Go ahead. Just a few strokes."

Terry looked blankly from Vanessa to Jeff, unable to collect her thoughts. Finally, Vanessa smiled and took Terry's hand. She guided Terry's fingers around the middle of the shaft. The touch was electric. The skin was warm and somehow... pliable. It moved under her fingers, pulsing, responding to her pressure. 

"Move up and down," said Vanessa.

Terry blinked. "Oh. Okay." She slid her hand upward towards the tip.

"You should take your sweatshirt off. It'll get messed up."

Terry looked confused for a moment. Then she suddenly let go of Jeff's cock. "Oh!"

Vanessa giggled. "No, not that. The oil. It gets all over your clothes."

Terry sat indecisively for a second, then thought, no, she had to draw the line somewhere. She pushed up her sleeve, leaving her forearm bare. But that was it. The rest of the shirt stayed on. Then she reached for Jeff again. The baggy sleeve slid down. This is ridiculous, she thought. She should just stop right now. But, somehow, her hand stayed where it was. The truth was that she was wearing a modest enough bra underneath the shirt. It wouldn't be any different from wearing a bikini on the beach. Except that she wasn't at the beach. She was in a motel room with her hand on a stranger's cock. Even so, she didn't want to get oil – or anything else – on her clothes. She sighed and lifted the sweatshirt up and over her head. Jeff looked at her greedily, his eyes roaming across her chest. She felt more naked than Vanessa. Her tits were mostly covered and her nipples weren't really noticeable, even though they were so hard they ached. Why was he staring at her? He had a stunning woman wearing nothing but a red thong sitting right next to him. And he's looking at me. It made her feel... she wasn't sure how it made her feel, tingly, nervous. She reached for his cock. He drew in his breath sharply when her hand met his flesh. The shaft was so thick she could barely get her fingers around it. She slid her hand tentatively along its length.

"Squeeze a little tighter," Vanessa said.

Jeff smiled. "You heard the lady."

She squeezed. Up and down her hand went, starting slowly and building into a steady rhythm. Terry was so completely focused on how his cock felt that it was a minute before she noticed his hand was resting on the bare skin of her waist. It had probably been there for a while, so it would be sort of unreasonable to remove it now. And she had to admit that it felt good.

Vanessa sat with an amused smile on her face. As Terry's stroking grew faster Vanessa leaned over to let Jeff suck on one of her breasts. Jeff's tongue snaked out and traced small circles around the aureole. Terry gasped when Jeff sucked the whole nipple into his mouth. With Jeff's face buried in Vanessa's chest, Terry leaned over to study his cock at closer range. It might be a long time before she got another chance to check out one this big. She watched the small hole in the tip wink open and a glistening drop of pre-cum ooze out. She was almost close enough now to reach out with her tongue and flick the little opening, clean it off...

Suddenly, Jeff groaned and bucked his hips up. "Watch out!" he said.

Terry jumped back. Vanessa sat up as well. Jeff arched his back and a fat, white stream of cum shot straight up into the air, then another and another in diminishing arcs.

Wow, Terry thought. Good thing he warned us. That stuff would have hit me right in the face.
