 There are pretty much 3 things about me that I am excited enough to brag about, and up until a few years ago I didn't have any.

Two of them I can discuss, and one of them is top secret. But don't worry, I'll tell you about it later on. And in detail! So hear me out.

Certainly none of them are about my physical appearance. I mean I don't think I'm ugly, just nothing fancy. On a scale of Yasser Arafat to Brad Pitt, I guess I'm somewhere in the middle. It's what I come loaded with that gives me some bragging rights. Literally. I'll tell you more about that later too.

I guess a good way to start is by telling you the first thing I can proudly brag about. 

Somehow, a few years back, I was in the right place at the right time and landed a job that would set me up very well financially. You know the story; a friend who knew another friend, that had a beer with someone else and they told so-and-so about a job. 

It was for a mining company in remote Queensland. Miles away from civilisation. No fancy lifestyle. No beaches. Dodgy and limited shops. Not many girls around, so no regular sex... but an absolute killer wage that made up for everything! 

It wasn't worth spending the money up there though. I didn't want to be in the job long term anyway. I just wanted to keep saving my money long and hard. As you can imagine though, it got a bit boring...

So, a spur-of-the moment whim on a trip back home once, I decided to buy land and build a brand new dream home. Ocean views one side, panoramic views across my home town out the other side. Even though I'd be working away and unable to enjoy it yet, it was truly spectacular and something to look forward to one day.

I should tell you, it was a dangerous job. Risk central. Before I started I had to go through all sorts of medical examinations and it was strongly suggested that I deposit some sperm at a sperm bank in case I ever suffered an injury downstairs that could ruin my chances of having kids.

That part scared me, but here comes my second bragging point: It began at the sperm bank. Man, what a crazy place! The first time you walk in, it can be very awkward and daunting.

But once you get past the front desk greeting and introducing yourself to the people behind the counter, things get interesting... Well, I thought so anyway...

Yes, it's very clinical. A bit embarrassing. The staff know why you're there and what you're about to do when you walk in the little room and lock the door. But it's a turn-on too. They have a need for my seed. My sperm. The only way to give it to them is by pleasuring myself! I am REQUIRED to have an orgasm. To cum as hard as I can! How tough us men have it...

I'll never forget my first time there. The doctors recommend abstaining from cumming for a couple of days, so the pressure was building up! Before I left home, I'd loaded up my iPhone with some porn to get me going, and I had to force myself not to drop my pants for a play right then and there! Self control was vital!

Once I got in the room and locked the door, I wasted no time opening the specimen jar they'd issued me with and prepared it for the deposit. Best I did that first, because soon I'd be in no state to get it ready as my impending pleasure approached!

Then, it was down with my pants and porn on the iPhone screen! God damn I'd been waiting for this! The token hot babe, fingering her pussy while her partner sucked on her nipples. It didn't take long for my flaccid uncut cock to double in size, become firmer, and then stand up straight, ready for action. The blonde pornstar turns around, backs on to him, and after a quick up-and- down massage of his member, the guy slowly glides it into her tight sex hole. In, out, in, out... up, down, up, down... my attention now turns to my fist; firmly around my own erect shaft and instinctively flicking the foreskin up and over the top of my penis, then pulled back towards me, exposing my purple bulging head each time. Pumping myself furiously. Over and over. My pace got faster as the couple on the screen did.

Soon, he pulled out of her. She leaned back on the sofa facing him and pulled her vagina open with both hands. This is my favourite way to finish a porn scene. She shows him where she wants that hot cum. Right inside her love tunnel. 

As he grunted out his orgasm aimed at her pink hole, I myself reached my own point of no return. 

With the jar now in my left hand, I brought my overly excited member towards it. 

As I imagined my own spunk filling the open pussy of the girl on my screen, amazing pleasure throbbed its way around my whole body and I shot spurt after spurt into the jar which sent my heart rate and breathing into a massive frenzy.

So what is there to brag about here? A few days after that first deposit I received a letter from the sperm bank about my sample. The average healthy male sperm count is greater than 20 million mL, and mine was around 180 million! A second sample soon confirmed this. My swimmers had cause for celebration! 

After a few years on the mine site though, there was no celebration when a serious nasty accident caused 90% of the place to be shut down and deemed unsafe. I lost my job, and the only place to go was back home. Somehow I needed a way to pay off that hugely expensive house of mine... and there was no way I was going to sell it!

It turned out, a solution to my problem would soon cum available. Not come. I definitely mean cum.

I'll explain to you what I mean soon, but first let me tell you about Naomi.

Naomi went to my high school. But she was a fair bit older than me. Her final year of school was my first year as a junior. 

Always scoring awards for this and that, Naomi was not only well-known by everyone for her academic ability, but also because every guy I knew thought she was fucking hot, to put it bluntly. Me included.

Naomi had a no bullshit, no nonsense attitude. Cool and calm, and she tells you like it is without fluffing around or sugar coating. 

I remember going to our local fitness centre for sport class when I was about 15 and Naomi was working as a yoga instructor in the tightest black pants I'd ever seen. She also rocked a polo shirt with style. Never has a gym uniform looked so amazing! It was just tight enough to show off her well rounded, slightly larger than average lady lumps.

Damn, she was hot! Jet black hair that was almost always pulled back tightly into a bun or ponytail, piercing green eyes and an amazing trim figure, with a bit of extra bum on her for good measure. You could tell she took good care of herself. 

Sometimes I'd laugh to myself, because it was easy to imagine a Mexican wave of erections from the boys as she'd walk into the room to take a class. She could easily get our attention in a number of ways. And she knew it.

We all knew to shut up when Naomi was in charge. She was the total package. Brains and beauty. She'd easily take control of the class, she could sell ice to eskimos, and as you'll learn later in my story, she would also go on to play the hard assed manager.

Yet despite all of Naomi being so incredibly fuckable, she appeared to always be single. Even though she oozed sex appeal, sex and smut always seemed to be the last thing on her mind. 

Even when I turned 18 and started hitting the clubs on the weekend, I'd often see her luring guys in close with a combination of her almost-erotic style of moves on the dance floor and overwhelmingly sexy perfume, only to flatly reject any man who even thought he stood a chance in bed with her that night. 

Not even the muscled-up studs of the town who believed they could get any girl could break past the iron-clad invisible barrier Naomi put up so well. Her single lifestyle choice was something that always had my mates and the other guys around town talking, but it was something I'd soon get to learn more about.

In the time since I'd been away at the mines, I'd heard that she'd worked her way to the top as manager of the head office for a popular hi-fi equipment company. For many years it has been regarded as the big money-maker of the town. In fact, it's where a lot of my school friends ended up working at some point. 

So after a long, depressing drive down from Queensland, my tiny car filled to the brim with all of my belongings, I finally made it back into my home town sometime after midnight. 

I was finally able to spend some time in my dream home, but my mind was plagued with worry. How was I going to afford the mortgage repayments now without a good job? 

Still dressed in my clothes, I barely remember falling asleep on my couch.

 * * * * * * * * *

'DING!' My iPhone's message sound woke me up, groggy from a few hours of deep, much-needed sleep. 'Ya back in town now? Come for lunch n beer at work. Eating at 1pm.' Still half asleep, I checked the time. Right on midday. Gotta hand it to Terry. He was always good with giving notice. 'I'm waking up. B there soon', I managed to text back.

I knew the way to their lunchroom when I arrived. I'd been there a few times before over the years, visiting the guys.

"Here he is" 

"Right on time Aido!"

"Pull up a seat old son" the familiar voices of my best mates greeted me as I entered the room.

"Terry, Jake-o, Sid..." I replied, still feeling rather tired from the big drive into town the previous night.

I wasn't sure how long these guys had for lunch but it seemed they were on their break forever! Still, I was grateful for the company and I had nowhere else to be. 

Conversation ranged from topic to topic. The guys were keen to know all about the mining job I'd held, and were particularly interested when I told them about putting some sperm into a safe place in case of an accident. "Yep, gotta protect those swimmers of mine, lads. Turns out I'm a bit of a machine. Way higher than the sperm count of the average guy!" 

I did enjoy a good brag with the boys when I had the chance, even if it was a slight over-share for this time and place. 

Their laughter and cheers were cut short when Naomi appeared in the open doorway.

"Back to it, slackers! I don't pay you for sitting around having X-rated conversations." 

There was almost a smile across her lips, but she was serious. And the boys knew. They'd been trained well by this feisty goddess. 

"Good seeing ya, Aido. Beers this weekend alright?" They quickly left the room. 

Nervously I stood up to leave too, ready to hurry home. I knew I probably shouldn't be there. I was embarrassed, knowing Naomi had probably heard every explicit word I'd said in our graphically filthy conversation moments earlier. 

"Adrian..." she stopped me. 

"Uhh...?"

"Can I have a word please...? In my office down the hall?"

That'd be me, I thought to myself. In trouble from the boss and I don't even work here!

Without saying a word I just followed Naomi down the hall, letting her walk ahead so I could admire her ass inside her sexy and smart black business suit. I decided she must have high cut briefs on underneath, judging by the slight outline. The smell of her strong perfume as I walked behind her was magnificent!

When we reached an office at the end of the hall, Naomi directed me inside and closed the door behind us.

She sat down at her desk and motioned for me to do the same.

"I saw on Facebook that you were coming back to town" she started.

"Yeah, the mining thing fell through" I replied, wondering why she had brought me in here.

"Shame. Your 'fan club' around here say you're a pretty good guy, and from what I remember of you, I thought so too" she continued.

I didn't know how to respond to that, so I let her keep going.

"I won't beat around the bush Adrian. I think I can help you, and you can help me. Sort of a business deal."

I nodded.

"You could do with some work right now, I'm guessing? I've got a job going here, and it's yours... if you can do something for me."

"Wha... ummm I'm not sure what I can do for you though..." I started.

"Well, I'm pushing my mid 30s and my clock's ticking. I want a kid before it's too late, but I don't have time for the bullshit of finding love and happily ever after etc. I'm happy to raise a child on my own, and I don't want the nitty gritty of a partner getting in the way to worry about. I want my future focus to be on a kid, but I still want to climb the corporate career ladder like I have been."

What a full-on statement, I thought to myself! I was gobsmacked by her honesty! Ah well. Each to their own, I concluded.

"So Adrian, you need a job, I need a sperm donor", Naomi continued.

"We can help each other here, if you're willing. I heard your little brag session about super sperm, I know you're a good guy, and you're not bad to look at either. Just what I need in good genes for my kid." 

"Oh Naomi I'm not sure I want to be a father yet. I'm 28, and even though I have..." I started, but Naomi cut me off.

"I won't need any help from you once I'm pregnant, Adrian. It's just a basic insemination process. A transaction. Impregnate me, and I'll give you a job here. Surely it sounds like a deal...?" she said with a smile. The first proper smile I'd seen from her since I arrived. Naomi was a woman on a mission. She meant business!

"You can think about it for a bit if you want?" she replied, obviously noting my look of shock.

"Nah, no it's ok. I'll do it", I agreed. "So what's the go? Do I just go to a clinic and make a deposit or something? Or do we get one of those home dishes and syringe? How does it work?" My mind was racing my mouth in a kind of out-of-control frenzy. I'd done some reading about this stuff once when I was curious about it. It was almost a turn-on in a way.

"Ok, so that's the other thing Adrian", she said. "I'm into being totally natural about this. I want my kid to be conceived the same way most people are. None of this test tube shit, or the guy fiddling with himself so he cums into a jar. It's yuck thinking of it like that. Would you be up for doing it naturally?" Naomi asked, lowering her voice slightly.

"You... you mean actual sex with you?" I asked, hoping that I was on the same page as her. This could get a whole lot more awkward if I was wrong!

"Only until I find out I'm pregnant. Then it's back to business as usual. You'll be here with your high wage job, I'll have a baby on the way, no one will need to know who daddy is. It'll be our secret. Strictly business", she said with a straight face and reached out her hand to shake mine.

Somehow, even though we were talking about sex, it was full professionalism from this management-minded stunner sitting across from me! She was speaking as if I was some business partner signing a multi-million dollar deal with the company. 

"So when do we do this?" I asked.

"Well naturally I don't want to catch any diseases you might have, no offence, so I'll need you to get some tests done first, and then I'm most fertile the week after next. Is that good for you?" She said, still in her business voice, her green eyes staring straight into mine.

"I think so...umm...yeah" I said with a weak smile. I wasn't sure what to be more excited about. A job to get me back on track, or bareback sex with Naomi!

We agreed to meet up for coffee before 'it' was to happen, so I could show her my clear test results. 

Naomi had also arranged for some kind of a legal paper to be drawn up, clearing me of any financial or emotional responsibility to a baby I would father with her, and then the next time I would see her was Friday night of the following weekend. It was penned as a 'movie night' we 

were having... without the movies. 

We'd discussed that I was to spend the whole weekend in her apartment with her, and go for it like rabbits as many times as we could manage. 

I tried to refrain from masturbating as much as I could, in anticipation for this pending 'business date'. I think maybe once or twice I did it. 

I definitely felt the need to rub one out when I got home from that first 'business' meeting with Naomi - all I could think about was what she would be like naked. I couldn't wait! We had never even kissed before, let alone hugged, but in a few days, I'd get the chance to put my stiff cock into her lady hole, have some fun until I exploded with pleasure, and keep doing it until I impregnated her!

Finally the Friday night arrived. I don't think I slept much the night before. In fact, a strange sense of nervousness had come over me.

It was like I'd never had sex before. Well, I hadn't... not the kind where the main purpose is to make a baby! This time, there would be no contraception. Just my penis in Naomi's vagina. So that the miracle of life could take its course with both of our DNA.

I headed to Naomi's apartment at the agreed time of 7pm and nervously buzzed her number to be let inside.

"How nice of you to stop by!" Naomi greeted me with a hug.

"Fancy seeing you here!" I joked as she motioned for me to enter.

The lights were slightly dimmed, and overall the scene was set beautifully. I was greeted by the smell of a pasta dish she'd cooked for us, complete with a nice glass of red wine. 

Speaking of beautiful, Naomi was again a picture of perfection. Her hair up as usual, she was wearing a shiny light blue strapless dress that showed off just enough cleavage to keep me fixed on her while we ate.

Naomi's perfume was again intoxicating, but now I was finding it harder than ever to focus on our conversation. I was anxious, perhaps a little horny too, and wondering where this night would take us.

Conversation was quite unlike the 'business meeting' we'd previously had. Very pleasant. Relaxed. It actually felt like a date.

"So would you return to the mining scene again?" Naomi asked as we spoke about the future.

"Probably not" I admitted. 

"I loved the money but I was too far away from everything to stay sane!" We both laughed.

I continued, "But if this job you're offering me is going to pay the way you said it would, I should be ok here for a bit", I finished with a smile.

"Yes, well, speaking of which, there is another part of that deal of course" she reminded me, in case I'd somehow forgotten why I was there.

I agreed, and she suggested we go and soak in the rooftop spa above the apartment building. I had some board shorts in my car from a recent trip to the beach, which I promptly went downstairs to get.

When I returned, Naomi had changed into a sexy 2-piece pink bikini, and I just about had to sit down before my growing erection became too obvious! She threw me a towel, and we headed upstairs.

Conversation became deeper once we were relaxing in the spa. Naomi opened up to me about her single lifestyle.

"So after Julian dumped me for the new history teacher, I couldn't commit myself again. Well, I still don't feel ready to yet now anyway", Naomi explained, informing me that at the end of her final year of high school, she had briefly dated one of her teachers in a secret affair that had ended in deep heartbreak.

"Tonight... I want to make a baby, Adrian. I feel so ready for a new chapter of my life!" she declared.

The bubbles in the spa had come to a stop, and I noticed Naomi's nipples under her pink bikini top were sticking out.

"Oh, I was reading the other day..." Naomi started, remembering something important "It's best we don't spend too long in here, Adrian. The hot temperature can be bad for your sperm" she continued. 

"Well... I guess I'm ready then if you are!" I said, nervously moving things along.

With that, we both hoisted ourselves out of the water and began to towel our bodies dry. For the first time, I noticed an ever-so-slight cameltoe, vertically indented in Naomi's bikini bottoms. Damn, I was going to have to walk through the building with a boner down to her apartment!
