 Kira had been a married woman for just 6 short months. She had met Alex on a dating site, and they were married a year to the day later. Their drive to be together seemed to be utterly inexplicable and even now, with the day to day of living together, working and building a life and home, they couldn't keep their hands off each other.

They had set up a nice life for themselves so far in an apartment only 10 minutes from the city, where they both had jobs. Alex was a business analyst for an IT firm. The job was a comfortable one, and he knew it made for a good stepping stone. Kira managed a booking company for local talent. Mostly smaller acts who played in local bars and hotels, but it meant that Kira had plenty of chances at interesting evenings out. One of her favourite perks of the job was to bring Alex along to a live band and a dinner at the company's expense.

At home, they'd finished dealing with the post-wedding wrap up. Thank-you notes had been posted, gifts were unwrapped and assimilated into their small but comfortable home, and they'd finally hung their favourite wedding portrait on the living room wall above the TV unit.

Life was finally calming down. Sex was a staple and it was usually a long and passionate experience. Kira felt lucky that Alex was such an expressive man. She had known from their first date that he was her soul mate and the feeling was definitely mutual. 'Driven' was a word they both would have used to describe their need for each other.

Most of the time, no one would know who initiated things. They just seemed to meld together talking and lovemaking until, in a swirl of touching, kissing and stroking, they were in bed with Alex all over Kira, telling her how beautiful she was, how in love with her he was and how he wanted her more than anything in the world. Kira responded in kind, her hands running over his back and buttocks, stroking his skin, telling him how much he turned her on, how she needed him and that she couldn't stop thinking about him, always.

Now that life was becoming routine, Kira had started thinking. She had wrapped her world up in this man, and she knew he'd done the same with her, but she really didn't want to have him bored. He was such a dynamic person, so bright and intelligent, that sometimes she worried that she may not be enough for him. Other times she knew that there was a lot inside of her that Alex hadn't had time to discover yet in the mere 18 months that they'd been together, but still, she had concerns. 

They had planned to put off having children for another 2 years so that they could enjoy being just a couple for a while. They had just had their honeymoon, so no major holidays were on the cards for a while. Kira wanted to come up with something new and different to pique Alex's interest. Preferably something that wouldn't change their lives, but something that would add another layer of fun to their beautiful start.

*****

Alex woke at his usual time and rolled over to his naked wife. She was facing away from him, sleeping peacefully. He swept her copper hair off her neck and gently kissed it. She stirred and sighed happily as he continued to kiss her, moving closer to her curvaceous naked back.

He wrapped his arm around her waist and she could feel him pressing his rapidly hardening dick against her ass. She wiggled against it playfully, inviting him to take things further. "Do you have any early meetings?" she asked.

"Not early, but I do have one at 9.00 that I really have to be there for." He replied, running his hand up her front and gently teasing her nipple. She squirmed and he moved his penis underneath her, so that the head was rubbing gently against her pussy.

"You'd better be quick then." She said smirking.

"No, as much as I want you, I really need to get going. I can't..." He started. She grabbed his hand and pushed it downward. She took his fingers and pressed them against her clitoris, firmly rubbing as she began to moan quietly.

"Dammit, why did you have to be so sexy? Why couldn't I have married a boring wife who wasn't hot and horny?"

She chuckled between moans "Because then you'd be bored and frustrated. Besides, you're incredibly sexy yourself. You need a horny wife who'll take advantage of it."

The head of his penis had been gently brushing the entrance to her pussy, but he decided he needed relief, so he gently pushed. She was wet and welcoming and he enjoyed feeling her intentionally clench as he forced more and more of his cock into her.

Soon they were rocking back and forth rhythmically. She squeezed and released as he rubbed her clit with one hand, and fondled her nipples with the other.

She started to feel the orgasm building and couldn't control herself "Oh Alex! Oh.." She trailed off as it washed over her. He felt her coming, her warm wetness running over his cock as he felt her muscles spasming. Watching her beautiful body writhing around while he was inside her was more than he could stand and he felt himself release, coming deep inside her.

They lay there for a moment, wrapped up together. Sweaty and panting she enjoyed feeling him still firm inside her, sticky and wet from their lovemaking.

Still panting he rose on one elbow then reached down to kiss her ear. "I love you my beautiful girl. I wish I could stay here with you all day, but I really have to go."

"I know." She sighed. "but thank you. I really needed that. I'll have something to think about today when I'm daydreaming about what a hot husband I have." She looked at him and smiled. 

He took a moment to return her look and sighed "Y'know, you have really pretty eyes. I'm a lucky man."

She glowed inside. She felt like the lucky one to have such a handsome, sexy man who was so forthright with his compliments. She ached for him when she wasn't by his side and she felt whole when they were together. Every time he said something sweet to her she wanted to shamelessly throw herself at him and pleasure him for hours. She didn't care about propriety or pride, she felt worshipped by this incredible man, and it was all she could do to stop herself from being wrapped around him all the time.

Alex took his usual 20 minutes to get ready for work. When he was ready to leave, Kira had only just finished showering and was dressed in only her lingerie. Alex came and wrapped his arms around her waist. Smoothing one hand down over the black lace of her French knickers, he quietly groaned. He kissed her deeply, gently wrestling her tongue with his.

He broke away and said goodbye to her, dashing out the door to make sure he was at work in plenty of time to prepare for his meeting. Then Kira had the house to herself for phase one of her plan to spice things up.

*****

Kira carefully selected her outfit for the day, a tailored white shirt that she buttoned up to her bra, showing just a hint of lace. Given that her bra was black, she knew it was also vaguely visible beneath the shirt. She finished the outfit with a black, pinstriped mini skirt which finished mid-thigh. She wore no pantyhose, and she found her black patent leather stilettos and slipped them onto her feet. 

Kira looked herself over in the mirror. Satisfied with the overall effect. She finished it off with light makeup, earthy lipstick and Audrey Hepburn style eyeliner which made her feel elegant, sexy and ready. She knew that though her look was still professional, she'd garner quite a lot of attention from her male colleagues, but that would just add to the fun. 

She wasn't wrong. She was the only female that worked in the head office of the mid-sized company she worked for. The only other women that worked with her were the sales reps who were generally out on the road all day. She noticed that she had more offers to get her cups of coffee than usual, and she caught a few of the guys trying even harder than usual to take a peek down her shirt. She revelled in the attention, daydreaming about the sex with Alex that morning whenever work was slow, enjoying the warm damp feeling in her panties.

Soon enough, the sun was setting and it was time to head home from work. She knew Alex would be home roughly 20 minutes before her as usual, and that he'd be sitting, watching TV when she arrived. It was time to brave the traffic, get home to her man and start phase two.

*****

Alex was relaxing on the couch, flicking through TV channels, waiting for Kira to get home. He had a vague idea about going out for pizza with her rather than cooking. One of the luxuries of having two good incomes and no kids was that they could eat out as often as they liked. 

His day had been average, comfortable, not particularly stressful. Life was good, and things were slowing down nicely at home too. He felt that they were adopting a nice routine to life now that the post wedding work was all over. Now it was just a matter of working, taking care of their home and having a ball making love to his gorgeous wife whenever he felt like it. He was content and pleased that she was as into their sex life as he was.

Hearing her car pull up on the driveway, Alex sprung up and went to the kitchen to put the kettle on. One of their nightly rituals was to have a cup of coffee together after work and talk about their day. From the kitchen he heard Kira come in the front door and put her bags down. "Hi Baby, how was your day?" he called to her.

"I missed you." She replied in a soft and sexy tone. She turned the corner and walked into the kitchen. 

Alex looked up at her and was momentarily taken aback. Normally she was beautiful and sexy, but today she'd clearly pulled out all the stops to get his attention. 

Kira noticed Alex's eyebrows raise when he looked at her. She smiled slyly at him and walked toward him with just the slightest swing to her hips. "How was your day?"

He ignored the question. "Wow! Very hot." He said, indicating her body. She was now standing right in front of her, and he pulled her to him, kissing her hungrily. She joined in for a moment, then, remembering her purpose, she pulled back, reached around her back and took his hands from around her waist. She stepped back, still holding his hands.

"I want to try something." She said. He nodded in reply, clearly up for whatever she had in mind. "Are you in the mood?" She figured she'd go with respectful, since what she had in mind was not particularly respectable.

He frowned momentarily. "When am I not in the mood?" he answered rhetorically.

Kira released Alex's hands, and stepped toward him again. She reached up to the knot on his silk tie. She loved him wearing a silk tie. He looked so serious, so professional, so much like if she ripped it off, she could have amazing kinky sex with him in an office somewhere. 

She worked at the knot releasing it, and she slipped it from his neck. Using the tie, she made a slip knot, and then, taking both of his hands around his back, she put it around his wrists and pulled it tight. If he'd fought, he'd have easily been able to break free, but he had no intention of fighting. 

This was a new side of Kira. He'd seen flashes of it before, but this was the first time she had taken matters into her own hands in such a direct and calculated way. His heart was pounding with anticipation. He was so proud of his beautiful girl and couldn't wait to see what dirty tricks she was about to come up with.

There was a column standing floor to ceiling between the kitchen and dining room. Kira lead Alex over to it, and tied the long end of the tie around it, so that he was in place with his back to it. She then proceeded to pull out a chair from the dining table and position it in front of him, just far away so that as she sat down on it, he could see all of her.

Sitting with her legs neatly crossed at the ankles, she began to unbutton the top button on her shirt revealing the black sheer lace underneath. The second, third and fourth buttons also went by the wayside and her shirt fell apart. Alex could see Kira's already erect nipples beneath the lace. Kira licked her lips and ran her fingers across her breasts over the lace, as she began to play with her nipples through the fabric, her breath quickened.

She could see the shape of Alex's hardening dick through the soft fabric of his tailored pants. She was always turned on by the sight of Alex with an erection, so she decided to speed things up a little. Uncrossing her legs, she spread her thighs apart, forcing her tight pinstripe skirt to slide up them and revealing the crotch of her black lace French knickers. While her left hand continued to play with her nipple, occasionally sliding fingers under her bra to her skin, her right hand slid down her stomach to her crotch, and slipped the panties aside.

Alex's breath made pace with Kira's as he took in the view of her, perched on the chair with her glistening wet pussy on full display to him. He noticed that she must have freshly shaved today, because her skin was clean and silky smooth. She stroked her labia and clitoris gently, fondling and fingering so that her clit was hard and dark. She ran her fingers up her slit, bringing her own wetness up to lubricate herself, and she moaned as she started to rub her clit harder. Alex watched her pull the cup of her bra down to expose her generous left breast as she enthusiastically played with it, obviously enjoying herself.

She looked up at him as he watched her. She could see that he was about to burst out of his pants, so she stood up, leaving her skirt up just above her pussy, and her knickers to the side. The sight of her with her clothes undone enough for him to see some of his favourite parts of her body made Alex groan with delight. "You look incredible." he whispered to her. "I would do just about anything to lick that pussy of yours right now."

"Well, today I'm in charge. You're my toy today, and you'll do as you're told." Her voice was firm and masterful, and Alex could tell she was determined. He sighed, more than happy to give complete control over to his sexy wife.

Kira stepped over to Alex, unbuttoning and unzipping his pants. She reached into his boxers and grasped his cock, pulling it out. Using her right hand which was still wet from playing with herself, she circled the head of his dick, stroking him and sending shivers down his spine. She started to stroke his long shaft and he could see that her nipples were getting even harder, though he could barely believe it possible.

Kira noticed him looking at her tits and said "Oh, you can only see one!" She slipped the lace of the right cup down so that both pert breasts were staring him in the face. She stroked and fondled them, teasing him as she stood there in charge, and yet on display for him. She pushed her chest toward him and he bent down, taking a nipple into his mouth and gently licking it. "Oh yes... that feels good." the words fell out of her mouth.

She stopped him and pulled away, shedding the white business shirt she'd been wearing, but leaving her bra on, though all it did was nicely cup her tits, not covering them at all. She turned around, and turned the chair so the back of it was facing her. She then stepped to one side, lifting the hem of her skirt so that he could see the cheeks of her ass and the back of those pretty French knickers. She then slid her fingers up each side of the knickers, and slid them down her legs to her ankles. Standing back upright, her naked ass exposed, she stepped out of the panties, leaving her patent leather heels on. 

She stepped back to the chair and bent over gripping it. Her ass and pussy were pressed against Alex's hard cock, which by now was throbbing with a need to be inside her. As if by instinct, she backed herself against him, pushing his head into the entrance of her, and she squirmed with pleasure. Alex was taller than her, but the heels were all she needed to make up the height difference so that she could make him take her from behind.

Slowly, teasingly she slid up and down on his cock, her muscles clenching him with every stroke. He threw his head back and enjoyed every bit of it. The feel of her cunt wrapped around him. The look of her bare ass bobbing up and down slowly with the skirt still across it. Her tits moving as she enjoyed herself fucking him. Her legs so perfectly shaped because of those heels she was rocking back and forth in. Of course, there were also the sounds she was making, quietly panting and moaning as she forced him inside her. 

He felt her tightening herself, gripping his cock as hard as her pussy muscles would. His orgasm was building and thought he didn't want it to be finished, he didn't want to stop either. He started to pant "I'm going to come..." and no sooner had the words left his mouth, than he shot his hot load deep into her, pumping again and again.

She slowed her strokes, moving with the rhythm of his orgasm. When she was sure he'd enjoyed every bit of it, she stood up, pulling him out of her. She turned around and he looked at her again, still incredibly turned on by the sight of his hot wife with her clothes pulled away and his come running down the top of her thigh. "Oh my God that was incredible! You are an amazing fuck!" he gushed.

"Hmm...well, I hope you enjoyed letting me run things." She said smirking cheekily as she set about untying him from the column. She smiled as he nodded fervently.

Once he was free, she pulled the slipknot loose again. She nonchalantly looked down at the silk tie and then up at Alex. She walked over to him and put her arms around him, nuzzling his ear, kissing it gently. "Have you had enough yet?" she whispered to him.

"Mmmm... not really." He replied. 

"Well, there's something else I'd like to try." She said. He sighed, feeling her warm breath on his ear.

"Okay, so what would you like me to do now Mistress." he half joked.

"Just a sec." she broke away from their embrace and walked over to a cupboard in the kitchen where they kept their serving platters. As she bent down to open it and retrieve the item she'd been hiding, Alex took in the sight of her tight round ass still exposed.

As Kira turned around she noticed him looking at her. She stood and sauntered over to him, turned on at the thought that he'd been admiring the view she offered him. She handed him the tube of lubricant.

"What do I need this for?" He asked "I think I've made you more than a little wet."

"This time..." she stared unblinkingly into his eyes "... I want you to tie me up." She offered him her wrists and he slipped the tie around them in front of her. "Now, tie me to the column" she commanded.

He was more than happy to be obedient. Once she was fastened, Alex couldn't help himself. Kira had leaned herself up by her bound hands against the column, semi bent over, proudly exposing her very wet pussy and ass to him. He walked behind her and with two fingers, he ran downward along her slit, gently pushing them into her. As he worked his fingers in and out, she began to pant again. 

"Is this what you wanted?" he asked slyly.

"It feels good" she said between pants, "but what I really want you to do is take my virginity." 

"Er... Baby, you're not a virgin." He replied puzzled. "As a matter of fact, you weren't a virgin for quite some time before I met you as I remember."

"No, I know that you know your way around my pussy, and you've trained it well." She looked back at him. "Now I want you to train my ass the same way." She smiled as he looked at her with a shocked expression.

Without a word, Alex took the tube of lubricant and squeezed a large blob of it onto the two fingers he'd been pleasuring his wife with. He traced those fingers down the crack above her hole and began to gently massage it at the entrance. He could see that though the feeling was very unfamiliar to her, she seemed to be enjoying the stimulation.
