 I got a job stacking shelves at the supermarket during the Summer holidays of my second year at College. Judging by my antics and expenditure during my first year I was going to need the cash. I was 20 years old and spending nights filling shelves was hardly my idea of fun but then beggars can't be choosers, can they? Besides which, as I found out towards the end of my stint there, there can be some unexpected fringe benefits to the job. Namely a blonde single mother called Diane who gave me the most memorable week of my life. Let me tell you the story....

It wasn't a huge supermarket, not one of the big chains, but it was still sizeable enough and there were about ten of us who worked various shifts in keeping all the stock up to date. They were a descent bunch and for the night, graveyard shift from 10pm through to 7am there were only ever two of us on. Most of them were a good bit older than me but there were a couple of girls around about my age and I got on pretty well with them, laughing and fooling around, like I say it was a good place to work, a very relaxed atmosphere. Diane (or Di as everyone called her) was just past her thirtieth birthday but had a very youthful demeanour and it always felt she was nearer my age than thirty. She was a good looking girl, she had loose unkempt looking blonde hair that somehow always seemed to look enticing, her pale blue eyes appeared to always be amused and she just was always good fun to be around and good company. However, she didn't have the greatest record with guys and had a two year old son from a failed marriage and I knew she had seen a few guys since then. She wasn't the best looking of the girls I worked with, that would have been Sarah, a stunning red head, who was also going to college but was very friendly with Diane, but there was just something about Diane that automatically attracted you to her. Though I was nobody to be judging others by looks, I wasn't ugly but nothing more than decent. I was six feet tall, thin, had dark hair with highlights (which I thought were cool at the time) a perpetually confused looking expression on my face. Ah, the joys of a Scholarly life!

MONDAY

Anyway, it was the start of my last full week on that Monday when I came trudging into the store for night shift, I was tiring of stacking groceries and the like and wanted to return to the life of studies and parties (more particularly the parties) that had been my Freshman year. No offence to the store and the town but by then it really didn't hold much for me, but I would miss some of the folks from the store but I was glad I was rostered to be on with Di that week as we always had a good laugh when we were on together. The guys that had been on the shift before us were, understandably, in a rush to get on with their nights and it wasn't ten minutes or so later that only the two of us were in the store and wheeling out our trolleys of items to place on shelves. I was working away at the magazine shelves, taking off old issues and putting up new ones and the first couple of hours dragged on, Di was over the far side of the store doing toiletries (generally the first two hours was when most work got done, after our first break we would work closer and talk more and less got done). I had got to the Men's Style magazines and was staring at a really hot picture of Jennifer Love Hewitt on the front of the glossy when I heard a cough behind me.

I started guiltily and turned to find Diane standing behind me holding a cup of coffee out to me and a mischievous grin spread across her face. She peered at the cover and spoke in her cheeky sing-song voice.

"Like her do you?"

There was almost a challenge in her voice so with maximum bravado and flirt I fired back.

"I wouldn't kick her out of bed anyway!"

"Hmmm, got a thing for brunettes with big boobs, do you?"

Quick as a flash I answered back.

"Hey I'm an equally opportunity admirer, I love blondes with big boobs too!"

Which was met by Di glancing obviously down at her own more than ample chest hidden in the company uniform and saying.

"I'll bet you do!"

I think I flushed at that and she realising that, handed me my mug of coffee and took the magazine from my hands. She flicked through it to the photo shoot of Jennifer and lingered over the really hot pictures of her in lingerie and showing her mightily impressive cleavage to great effect. She held open a double page spread that saw Jen on hands and knees all but showing her magnificent tits.

"I bet you'd jerk off to something like this. I bet you would!"

I guess I may have blushed some more but the girls, especially Sarah and Di were not shy about speaking about sex usually and I didn't mind. But I knew something was different here, The way she looked at me while she said it, the challenging tone to her voice. It was all different from normal. Still, seeing attack as the best form of defence I pointed to a magazine on the rack with Brad Pitt smiling out of the front of a Woman's Periodical and joked back.

"Yeah and you would over him too, don't pretend you wouldn't!"

Diane just smiled and plucked the magazine from the rack , passing Jennifer to me en route. She held the magazine before her and deliberately traced her free hand across her breasts, allowing a slight sigh to escape, sexily from her lips. I knew this would be something special, I just didn't know what.

"Well why don't we see Alan? Let's you and me have a jerk off, see which of us is quickest to get off."

I stared gaping at her, there was no doubt she was serious, just the way she held my eyes showed me that, she was daring me to agree and why the hell wouldn't I? Watch a hot blonde co-worker masturbate while I did the same? It sounded too good to be true. Besides what did I have to lose, in one weeks time I would blow this job and town behind.

"OK Di, you're on, come on lets go around the back of the racks and see who is best."

But she caught my sleeve and pulled me back.

"Oh come on, where's the fun in that, let's do it right here in the light where we can both see all that is going on."

There wasn't a high chance of being discovered, at that time of night the only people about the industrial park were security officers and teenagers in their cars looking for a place in the shadows to make out. Still the slim chance of discovery did send a thrill of excitement up my spine and from the look on Diane's face it did for her too. I guess the only disappointment was that we were both tightly clad in our uniforms, I was dying to glimpse her body and see how it measured up, but I guess on reflection I only had 24 hours to see it so it was hardly a disaster.

Anyway, before I knew what we were doing we were both on our knees in front of the magazine rack, our respective cover stars resplendent on the floor before us. We undid our trousers at the same time and while Di was able to conceal much from me I was hardly able to hide the raging seven inch erection that sprung out. As I took it in hand I glanced over and watched as she looked at my cock, nodded and gave an involuntary lick of her lips and then her hand began to move vigorously in her crotch area. Taking my cue I got to work on my cock, pulling back then jerking forward and establishing a good, fast rhythm quickly. What we must have looked like! It would have been obvious to any passer-by what we were up to as we jerked vigorously and louder and louder moans and exclamations came from our mouths. To be fair Jennifer Love Hewitt was not on my mind at all as I jerked off, my eyes were tight with intense concentration and pleasure and in my minds eye I was thinking of the sexy blonde by my side, I think Di was the same, sorry Brad!

I can't tell you how long we were at it like that, all I can say is that some time later we grunted extra loud and came almost simultaneously, me spraying a heavy load of cum over the pictures of Jennifer Love Hewitt while Di squealed to a climax and when she removed her hand from her pussy it was dripping. Holding my attention she raised that hand to her mouth and seductively licked the edge of it, I thought I would faint. But wouldn't you know it at that point we saw headlights scan along the front of the shop and we scrambled to our feet as a police car passed the store. By the time it had passed DI had picked up the stained magazines and was heading to the bins to ditch them, my coffee was stone cold and we still had a pile of stacking to do. Still, I couldn't wait until tomorrow!

TUESDAY

I didn't know what to think or expect when I reported for work the next day. After out little 'contest' the night before we had both immersed ourselves in work to catch up on lost time and also there seemed to be change in our relationship where we were shy and almost bashful around each other whereas before we had laughed and joked. But there was definitely an undercurrent of sexual tension. Still we parted at the end of the shift as normal and I wondered whether that was it, just some playful flirting gone a little further than normal.

We parked up about the same time and walked into the store together, I didn't say anything about what had happened but there was definitely something different about the way she looked at me. We said 'hi' to the others who were shutting up shop and entered the recess area where we dumped our stuff and prepared for our shift. Just as I went to leave the room and enter the main store she grabbed my arm on the door and came up close to me, staring deep into my eyes and softly spoke to me.

"Hi lover, if you want more fun come around to the freezer dept. at break time, I'll have a surprise for you."

And with that and a wicked smile she moved past me and into the store, leaving me standing like a dummy still holding the door. Believe me the next hour or so passed excruciatingly slowly! 

But pass it did, although I don't think I got much work done the cart wheeling that my mind was doing, and as the buzzer sounded on my mobile phone for the hour I headed off to the back of the store and the thrills and chills I hoped awaited me. I walked along the top end of the aisles, my footsteps echoing in the silent, cavernous supermarket. I reached the end of the frozen aisle and slowly turned down it. What greeted me was the most amazing, perfect sight to my young eyes. Half way down the aisle stood Diane. She was stripped totally naked and illuminated by the harsh glow of the overhead lamps, revealing every inch of her pale, curvy body. And what a body it was. I could not help staring at her as I walked down towards her, she, beckoning me like a siren with a curled index finger movement.

Her eyes sparkled, her blonde hair cascaded onto her shoulders, it's ends finishing just above the stiff nipples on her shapely, fleshy breasts. Her feet were shoulder width apart and at the junction of legs and body a thin strip of light hair indicated the entrance to her pussy. Just five yards away I halted and allowed my eyes to play all over her and thinking back to last nights masturbation session. I can't describe how much I wanted her right then, it was overwhelming. She just flashed me a perfect smile and without saying a word moved to one of the freezer cabinets and bent over it so her boobs were pressed onto the cold , lift up tops of the aisles.

"Take me. From behind. I want to feel my body react to your hot dick inside me and the cold on my front. Take me. Take me now!"

In seconds I had my trousers and pants at my ankles and I was pressed up tight behind her. I kissed her neck and rubbed her cheek with my hand before guiding my raging hard penis into the wetness and warmth of her waiting pussy. I slid between her lips, the tip of my cock tingling as my slow thrust pushed my foreskin back. I groaned with pleasure as I eased myself all the way inside her, relishing the feeling, I had slept with girls at college but never a woman like this. She sighed and I placed my hands on hers on the flat freezer top, it was cold but I could see exactly what the cold feelings were doing to Di, her eyes were screwed tightly shut as she moved her back to further accommodate my cock.

Then I started fucking her with a vengeance. Not normal sex, I mean it was frenzied, desperate, animalistic even. I ploughed into her and she met each stroke and pushed back. We lost track of where we were and what time it was, there only was the two of us in the universe at that point. Finally, I grabbed her around her waist and held her tight as I held my cock deep within her and fired of four intense spurts of cum that sent my body into a twitching spasm I couldn't hope to control. Gasping I pulled out of her and she moved up off the cold surface (she seemed to have judged it to be not cold enough to hold her delicate skin to the plastic), we both collapsed to our knees and instinctively my mouth sought out her erect, cold nipples and engulfed them one at a time into my hungry mouth. I licked and sucked at her cold boobs until they were warm and slimy with my saliva and her face was ecstatic. 

Abruptly she pulled away from me and began to dress.

"Come on, we've still got work to do you know" , her tone almost business like.

I shook my head a little confused, could it all be over so quickly? Seeing my confusion she stooped to kiss me and said.

"Don't worry, if you enjoyed tonight, I've got even more in store for you tomorrow."

The rest of the night's shift seemed to fly by and I couldn't even tell you if I did anything right work wise, my mind was elsewhere!

WEDNESDAY

I hardly slept that day, so much was my mind in a state of turmoil and excitement. I had not see this coming at all, Diane had always been just a colleague that I got on well with. I mean she was older than me, she had a kid, she was tied to the town, whereas I was all set to escape it. There was no future in it, we surely both knew that but for the moment, for the present, goddamn it was good! The image imprinted in my mind whenever I closed my eyes was of her standing there, naked in the aisle as I walked towards her, I truly believe that would stay with me forever. I also allowed my mind to race forwards. What would we do that night? Was that it? Would she suddenly see the sort termness of this? No wonder I hardly slept and came into work that night with bags under my eyes but all that was forgotten when I saw Di step from her car and come into the store, she flashed me a wicked smile that indicated there was more to come and I set to work with a spring in my step, after all the more work I got done , the longer I could spend with her (I realised that although I was leaving Diane needed the work and didn't want to jeopardise her job).

This time it seemed ages until break time and it was with no little anticipation that a reacted to the call from the back of the store, telling me that she was in the fresh fruit and vegetable area and just waiting for me! I'd like to say I walked there steadily like an experienced man of the world but the truth is nearer to me running there like an excited schoolboy to the tuck shop, and oh boy, what goodies awaited me!

She was sitting on the edge of the fruit displays; once again she was nude and alluring, the light down here more subdued that the harshness of yesterday and the ambience warm and inviting. The sight was more than inviting. Di sat there, her legs apart and held in one hand a big yellow banana and in the other hand a long, thin cucumber. At my approach she hopped of the display and stood before me.

"Come on, you've seen me naked, how about letting me see what you've got to offer"

As she spoke she ran the tip of the banana under the lip between the buttons on my polo work shirt. Then I felt her work the cucumber over the ever hardening ridge in my trousers! Never one to let a lady down, I obliged, almost falling over in my haste to get undressed. Di used the short spell of time while I disrobed to rub her two phallic shaped edibles all over her curvy body, teasing me as she did. So there I stood, and for a moment time stood still as we appraised each other from such close quarters, then very deliberately, Diane move her hand with the banana in it down and slipped it deep into her waiting pussy until it very nearly disappeared. The cucumber she reached around with and slid into her lubed up ass. If she was looking to shock or impress me with her kinky antics she was succeeding big time!

Holding her fruit and veg in place Di sunk to her knees before me.

"I've not tasted this fine cock yet. I bet I can get you to shoot your load in less that ten minutes."

"Bet you can't (who cares, I was about to get the best blow job of my life!)."

"Well, if I do you can lick the banana clean, if not then I will. Deal? Good."

Her mouth then engulfed my dick and the moist warmth together with the expert ministrations of her tongue had me moaning real quick. What a sight greeted me when I glanced down. Her wide blue eyes were looking up into mine and while one hand was wrapped around the base of my cock and feeding it into her mouth the other was twiddling with the yellow fruit in her pussy, moving it back and forth fiercely. That tongue escaped her mouth and started lapping at my balls, and we both could feel the spunk boil up inside them ready to burst forward in a matter of minutes. But how many? Goodness me I wanted to watch this sexy woman lick her own juices up off the banana so I concentrated on holding back while her mouth and fingers worked magic on my member.

I think I won because she managed to put herself off her stride. She was well on the way to bringing me off within our time limit but with the cucumber in her ass and her kneeling, the floor was forcing it up and she was really getting off on this bizarre double penetration and as we closed in on the target she was concerned as much with getting herself off as me and it was easily over ten minutes when my balls finally gave up their load and she sucked me dry, holding the warm cum in her mouth, showing it to me and then swallowing it in a big gulp. She cleaned my cock up with her mouth then pulled the banana out (how I envied it!).

"Oh well, you win I guess, still I don't mind."

She obviously didn't as she set about licking and sucking that banana clean of all her pussy juice while the cucumber jiggled in her ass.

"We'd better get on, this is taking longer and longer each night, it's just as well you're leaving on Friday."

And with that we were done.

THURSDAY

From what Diane had said the night before I knew that today and tomorrow would be extremely memorable, it also seemed to have a calming influence on my mind, knowing that she was just viewing this as a casual affair that surely had no chance of lasting. Just good old-fashioned sex and a whole heap of fun at that. So what did she have in store for me on that Thursday? Well I rounded the corner at break time, my hands already at my trousers in readiness, to find her sat , stark naked on a plastic cover sheet on the floor. In her hand she held a squeezable bottle of maple syrup which she was busily layering over her breasts. As I looked on amazed she dipped a plastic spoon into an open packet of sugar and then liberally sprinkled it over the sauce.

"Fancy a treat?" , was her cheeky greeting.

Oh boy, did I ever, I fell to my knees over her and began licking at her sugar coated nipples and traced the sauce down her trim stomach. While I sated my hunger, her magic fingers were hard at work, fingering herself and also playing with my dick. When eventually I had removed most of the sticky concoction from her tits and lapped all the way down to her pussy she pushed me up and produced a can of squirty cream which she proceeded to engulf my cock and indeed, whole crotch with! She spent the next quarter hour ridding me of all that cream only for me to produce some 'man-made' cream from my cock, firing it deep into her waiting, eager mouth.
