 There he was again, standing next to the jarred pickles, studying the different brands. He was so unbelievably sexy that she felt her thighs tremble. Fiona had to get over her infatuation with this supermarket man. He shopped every Wednesday, at the same time she did, and he always stopped to smile at her over the fruit stacks.

Fiona slid her sweat soaked hands over her slacks and with a breath made her way over beside him. She needed a jar of sweet gherkins, and just because a hot male was in her way didn't mean she was going to go without. She wheeled her cart over beside his, and he glanced up to smile at her. His black eyes were warm, and she loved the way his hair was tousled so sexily. She almost lost her nerve, but with a tight smile, she reached over to grasp the jar of pickles. Fiona gaped as he beat her to it, and held the jar out to her with one big hand.

"You love these too?"

For one brief moment, she couldn't speak, and then she was nodding and taking the jar from him, forcing herself to smile. God, he must think her a fool.

"Yes...I...there my favorite."

He smiled at her again, and she felt her knees grow weak.

"I'm Darron Brody."

She reached out to shake his outstretched hand, her fingers curling around his warmth.

"Fiona Smith."

He smiled at her, arranging a few jar of pickles on the shelf.

"I see you in here a lot on Wednesday's. Apparently we like to shop together."

Fiona blushed.

"Apparently so."

The chatted for a few moments, learning where each other worked and so on. Fiona couldn't help but admire is lanky body, tight with muscles, and the careless way he held himself. He seemed so at ease and lazy about life. She wondered if he would be like that in lovemaking as well. The vision of them entwined together in a steamy embrace had her breathing a bit harder. She was sure Darron noticed.

Then they were parting, and she was checking out and returning home. However, the fantasies didn't stop there. She drew a warm bath and lounged in it, running her fingers over her smooth skin, curling one finger around her shaggily cut light brown hair. Her breasts were pert and high, and she couldn't resist cupping them in her hands, teasing herself until she was wet between her thighs.

Fiona wasn't one to masturbate, but her vision of Darron's lean naked body had her slipping her fingers between her legs and fingering herself into frenzy. When she came, it was so intense she let her body slip into the now cold water where she drifted between ecstasy and sleep.

The next few days went by so drudgingly slow that Fiona almost raced to the supermarket in hopes to get another glance of her supermarket man. When she ran into him in the frozen food section, she smiled and immediately wheeled her cart to his to say hi. He glanced up, smiling, and they engaged in polite conversation.

The frigid air from the freezers began to have its chilly effect on Fiona, and before she knew it, her nipples were jutting out from her thin t-shirt. She was surprised that she wasn't the least bit embarrassed by it, but she couldn't ignore the way his eyes were drawn to them during their whole chat. He paused once to lick his lips, and she couldn't suppress a shiver, imagining his tongue running over her hard nipples. Smiling, she leaned forward a bit, giving him an even better glance down her plunging neckline. She was unbearably horny, her masturbations ceasing to ease the hunger that raged inside of her.

"Everything okay, Darron?"

He gulped, and with a slight flush to his high cheekbones, nodded and resumed to fiddle with his groceries. Fiona sighed. So now he was going to play shy, she thought to herself. What a damn shame. She said her goodbyes, and once again found herself in the check out line, her panties soaked and her pussy throbbing. The second she was in her car and down the road, she unsnapped her jeans and thrust her hand into her panties, fingering herself wildly.

By the time she got home she had came twice and almost ran her car into the side of an old man who wore a shocked expression on his face. Fiona lay awake that night, tossing and turning and burning for Darron. By the next day, she had made up her mind that she was going to have him. She was aching for him, and certainly, a man wouldn't turn down a lusty half dressed woman.

By the time the next Wednesday rolled around, Fiona had driven to the supermarket and was waiting by the ice-cream, this time dressed to kill in a short sundress of hot pink, its straps slipping and sliding over her soft shoulders. Normally she wouldn't have been caught dead in public dressed so blatantly, but her needs were too much now. She wanted to be fucked by him, and right now, in this supermarket.

When she saw him wheel onto the aisle, she smiled, and wheeled her cart over to his. Fiona felt a stir of female satisfaction when his jaw dropped, and his eyes trailed over her body. She stopped beside him and let her hand rest on his arm.

"Darron, what a surprise this is."

He managed a nod, and gave her a stuttering greeting.

Fiona chatted with him for a few minutes, the whole time she ran her hand up and down his arm, aware that her nipples were hardening underneath the pink dress, aware that his eyes seemed to be fixed on them. She watched his tongue peek out of the corner of his mouth and caress his lips. She almost moaned, but instead purred seductively.

"Darron, I wonder if you might be able to help me with something. It seems that one of the restroom doors is stuck, and I really have to powder my nose. Could you give me a hand?"

Not waiting for a response, she left her buggy right where it was and walked towards the back area where the restrooms resided. She knew he was following along behind her, for she could almost smell his arousal and hear his altered breath.

Fiona paused in front of the women's restroom, waiting for him to catch up with her. When he stopped in front of her, his arousal pressed tightly against his pants, she did moan then, and grabbing his hangs, pulled him with her into the bathroom. 

With a click, she had the door locked, and he was standing there, panting now, and watching her with his dark eyes. Fiona then kissed him, pulling him tightly to her. Darron wasted no time, but feasted on her with his mouth, his tongue slipping and sliding around hers, his hands clamping down on her arms almost painfully. 

Fiona moaned his name, nipping at his lower lip, drawing it into his mouth to suck on it. She had been waiting for this, and now she burned for him. Darron reached around to cup her ass, kneading it with his big hands. He was then pressing her against his arousal, moaning deep in his throat.

"Take me now Darron. Do it."

At her words, he then moaned even louder, and picked her up, his mouth still clamped to hers. He hiked the skirt of her dress up and sat her bare assed on the bathroom sink, exposing her wet pussy, naked for him. He positioned himself between her and lazily kissed her, his fingers reaching down to touch her. Fiona cried out at his touch, straining against him, panting hotly. 

God, he had such big hands, she thought, wondering about the rest of him.

Darron slipped a finger inside of her, seeking her wet walls, feeling her tighten around him. She was so hot, and here we was, about to fuck her. He felt himself shiver, and he pressed his finger deeper inside of her.

"Oh god...yes..."

She was moaning now, pressing her wet pussy against his hand, squirming on the sink. Her face was flushed and erotic and he knew then that he wouldn't be able to contain himself much longer. He was hard as a rock behind his pants.

Darron reached down to unbutton his slacks and slid them and his boxers down to his ankles. Immediately, Fiona reached down to take his length in her hand, caressing him, murmuring about his silkiness. Deeply aroused, he used his fingers to rock her to an orgasm, watching, as she turned red faced, and clamped down on him, moaning loudly. When she came, she let out a shudder and began to beg him.

"Please Darron."

Darron pushed up the pink sundress, letting it settle on her stomach, and then placed himself in front of her pussy. He wanted her so bad, but no matter how much he wanted to prolong it, he knew he wouldn't be able to. So with a grunt, he slammed into her, causing her to arch her back and cry out. 

He was so hot and hard that Fiona felt herself already on the peak. He rammed into her repeatedly, causing the small porcelain sink to rock back and forth, her head repeatedly slamming into the mirror. His long cock pounded into her, making her pussy throb with an even more intense heat. Never had sex been like this before, so intense and so erotic that she thought she might die from it.

Darron was making small guttural moans deep in his throat, his throbbing cock sliding into her wetness, so deep that he could feel her womb. He gripped her hips harder, lifting her slightly at an angle, sliding into her even deeper, making her gasp in almost pain. Then he was smiling, watching his reflection in the mirror as he continued to fuck her, this woman he barely knew but who had seduced him with nothing more than a pink dress on.

Fiona cried out repeatedly, her nails scouring his back, for she could feel the orgasm rising up inside of her, like a hot spear. She could see her legs open and wrapped around him, her pink heels still attached to her feet and it was one of the most erotic things she had ever seen. That was all it took to send her over the edge. She jumped, her body shaking all over, little cries stuck in her throat as she was suspended in that moment of ecstasy, with his cock pounding away in her.

Then she came, shuddering all over, panting and struggling to keep her grip on him, whispering unheard things near his ear. Darron's face was nothing more than a grimace, his pleasure pent up inside of him begging for release. Fiona came on him, and it caused him to become closer to his own peak. He felt his cock harden and begin to pump, and before he knew it, he was spewing his seed into her, ramming himself as deep as he could go, and this woman was moaning yes repeatedly in his ear.

For minutes they didn't move, letting the small rippling aftershocks pleasure them. Then he was sliding out of her and smiling, putting himself back together.

"That was incredible, Fiona. I think that from now on I will look forward to more shopping adventures."

She couldn't suppress the laughter, and with one last tug on her dress, she wiggled her fingers at him and was out the door to her awaiting buggy. Only this time, she stood in the checkout aisle satisfied, and from the smirk on the cashiers face, she looked it as well.