 PART 2

"Affairs" 

It was 5:00pm. I had stayed late today to finish grading tests. Once I finished I looked in my grade book. Under "Monica Dawson" were a whole bunch newly added red 'x' marks, representing a completed assignment; or, in her case, a session of hot sex after school. She had been coming regularly for the past two months. By the end of next month she would have caught up with all her assignments and I would be forced to give her full marks for all of them. She didn't really deserve them, but she had definitely earned them. Pushing that thought to the back of my mind, I stood up and was ready to leave. Just then, I got an unexpected visitor, Ms. Kenner, the new family studies teacher and guidance counsellor. She was one of those people who just oozed sexuality. The entire male faculty of the school would've given an arm and a leg to fuck her, well, except Mr. Christian, the gay art teacher.

Ms. Kenner was fresh out of university, 25 and mesmerizingly beautiful. She was a natural redhead with hazel eyes and a body that was out of this world. Today she had her hair tied back and her "lucky pencil" was holding it together. She straightened her glasses and closed the door behind her.

"Hello, John," she said, "Oh, uh, I mean... Mr. Hartford."

"Call me whatever you want," I said, "Now, what can I do for you?"

"Well, I've been seeing a new client lately and she's confided something very interesting in me." said Ms. Kenner, licking her lips slowly and enticingly.

"And you thought it was necessary to come and tell me this because?" I urged, hoping she wasn't going where I thought she was.

"Ms. Dawson claims that you two have been having an affair for the better part of two months. She said, and I quote: "Mr. Hartford showed me how many incomplete assignments I had, and I knew I'd never get them all done in time. So, instead I offered to... Well, you know, "get busy" with him instead of actually doing the assignments." said Ms. Kenner.

Why would Monica tell Ms. Kenner? Had she been playing me from the start?

"Well, then that obviously makes it true." I said, sarcastically.

"Oh, please!" snorted Ms. Kenner, "I wasn't born yesterday, John! Ten years ago I was her. I can tell just by looking at you that you're the teacher that all girls dream about."

"As much as I appreciate the compliment," I said, trying to sound impassive, "You're dead wrong about me. I'm happily married."

"Well, I'm sorry John, but as the guidance counsellor, I have to believe the students. It's part of the job description," she sighed, "I have no choice. I have to tell the principal. But hey, if you're innocent then you've got nothing to worry about, right?"

"Please don't..." I said, "Just by telling her you'll tarnish my reputation."

"Since when have you cared about your--" began Ms. Kenner, "Ah! So it is true."

"If the principal finds out, then the whole school will eventually know. And it won't stop there! Before long, even my wife will know." I sobbed.

Ms. Kenner thought for a moment, glanced down and then looked right in my eyes, smirking."You must be pretty skilled to satisfy someone as promiscuous as Monica..." she muttered.

"I've never had any complaints so far." I said.

"Prove it." said Ms. Kenner.

"What?" I asked, a little shocked.

"If you're so good, then prove it," she repeated, "Fuck me good, and I'll pretend Monica never told me."

"I really can't afford to have another affair," I said, desperately, "The one with Monica was bad enough."

"John, none of your choices are good choices. One will keep you married, the other... Won't." said Ms. Kenner, pulling me closer by my tie.

"Alright, fine. But think I won't find out if you don't keep the secret." I said.

"I might be many things," said Ms. Kenner, "But a liar is not one of them."

"What about a good kisser?" I said, going in for a passionate kiss.

Ms. Kenner's tongue seemed like was trying to strangle mine, but it was still a nice kiss. Our saliva mixed together as we stood there, locked at the lips. I backed Ms. Kenner toward the door and she closed it with one of her free hands. After she closed the door, we broke apart and Ms. Kenner proceeded to unbutton her shirt, revealing a nice set of Double Ds.

"Those are amazing." I groaned, grabbing them firmly.

I shook them and played with them before kneeling down and licking her nipples. She moaned with pleasure and reached her hand down to my fly and unzipped it. She pulled my semi-hard cock out and started to work with her hand as I continued to suck her nipples. After a while, they were nice and hard, just like my dick.

"You're already so hard! Why don't you stick it inside me?" said Ms. Kenner, pulling her panties down.

"You really want it? Then bend over my desk." I said, watching in awe as she bent over. Her ass was so shapely..

I ran my hand up her thigh and then gently caressed one cheek. It was perfect. Before I started fucking her, I played with her ass a bit, rubbing each cheek before giving a quick smack to each one. Ms. Kenner moaned in anticipation and arched her back even further. Her pussy was now perfectly positioned. As I stuck my cock inside her, we shared a shudder of pleasure.

"Get it all the way in. I want to feel how deep it is." groaned Ms. Kenner.

When I had positioned myself right, I stuck my dick in as far as it go. I felt it rub against all the walls of Ms. Kenner's pussy. I stayed deep inside her, savouring it for a minute before I started thrusting. It was obvious Ms. Kenner preferred depth over speed, but all the same, it felt amazing. As I thrust my cock in and out of her pussy, I felt like I was happily drowning in a sea of wonderful sensation and Ms. Kenner seemed to be feeling the same way. She kept moaning and gasping with every thrust. And even better, her pussy was getting progressively wetter as we went. I would've to keep up the same position for a while, but since I knew that Ms. Kenner had seen more action than Monica, it would take a bit more to satisfy her. So, I flipped her onto her back and unzipped her skirt, which she hadn't even bothered to take off.

"You hungry?" giggled Ms. Kenner, spreading her legs.

"Starved." I muttered, as I went down on her.

I almost came right then when I saw that she had a decent bush. Not too thick and not too thin, just the way I liked it. I saw a small drop of pussy juice dripping down. Not wanting to waste any of it, I went down and literally sucked the juice right up. Ms. Kenner squirmed and giggled some more. It seemed like she was ticklish around her pussy. I could've spent all day tickling her, but I had a job to do, make her cum like never before. I carefully started to lick my way up onto her clit and then slowly slid two fingers as deep into her pussy as I could. Once they were in there, I curled my fingers so that I could stroke the upper walls while I nibbled at her clit. As soon as I had got a good rhythm going, Ms. Kenner's pussy suddenly started behaving like a faucet. Until I turned it off, or in this case, stopped, her pussy would likely keep dripping juices. I kept slurping it down as if it was in short supply. But soon, Ms. Kenner started squirming and I thought she was about to cum, but she didn't. Instead she moaned in anticipation before turning to me and muttering:

"You're so good at that! But, let's get back to the big leagues." she said, wiping a last drop of juice from her pussy. Without changing positions, I shoved my dick back inside her pussy. And immediately she started moaning regularly again. "Wow! Your cock is so hard!" she wailed, as I went as deep as possible.

Next I swapped techniques, I decided to try fucking her faster for a while. Depth was harder to pull off with her in that position anyway.

"It feels so fucking good!" gasped Ms. Kenner.

Just like a marathon, I had managed to save all my energy for this, the final stretch. If I could go just a little faster, she'd be cumming in no time. I leaned forward a bit, putting my weight onto the desk, which gave me the right angle I needed to fuck her with the speed of a jackhammer. Ms. Kenner loved it. Turns out she didn't care about depth or speed. She just seemed to love getting fucked in general. I could feel Ms. Kenner's pussy start getting wet again. She was definitely going to cum, and I was pretty close too. I managed to keep up the pace for about three minutes and then just when I was starting to run out of energy, Ms. Kenner started trembling and her pussy seemed to flood with all the juices.

"Oh fuck! This is it! I'm cumming!" she screamed.

Seconds later, a violent blast of cum shot out of her in a glorious fountain; she was a squirter! I leapt in a rubbed her clit frantically, she screamed again as a second, smaller fountain of cum erupted from her pussy. Once that stream had ended, her limbs went limp as she tried to stop herself from hyperventilating.

"You made me squirt..." she panted.

"Why? Don't you squirt every time?" I chuckled.

"No. Only when I cum really hard," she panted, awkwardly getting to her feet, "I haven't cum that hard in a while."

I was still rock hard, and Ms. Kenner seemed to notice.

"Let me help you with that." she said, getting down on her knees.

She shoved my dick deep into her throat without another word. Her mouth was almost as wet as her pussy. I groaned with pleasure as she wrapped her tongue tightly around my cock. She gave violent blowjobs. It felt like her tongue and my dick were boxing, but strangely, it felt fantastic. After she unraveled her tongue from around my cock, I knew I was about to cum.

"I'm gonna cum..." I moaned.

"I want it all in my mouth! Every last drop!" moaned Ms. Kenner, taking my dick out of her mouth and stroking it furiously.

I let out a loud grunt as a massive load shot out of my cock and landed right in Ms. Kenner's open mouth. I kept jerking off, making sure the last couple globs ended up in her mouth too. Ms. Kenner let it all stay on her tongue for a while, obviously savouring the taste. Soon after she gulped the whole load down in one swallow. She licked her lips eagerly, making sure she didn't have any leftover jizz on her lips.

"That was fantastic." she said, hopping off my desk.

"Is that enough proof for you?" I asked, giving her one last kiss.

"You went above and beyond." she said, pulling her shirt back on.

"So what are you going to tell Monica?" I asked, pulling my pants back on..

"About what?" asked Ms. Kenner, sounding confused.

"Well, she's going be expecting you to tell the principal." I said.

"You might be a great fuck, John, but you're not too bright." said Ms. Kenner

She put her skirt back on, but didn't bother to put her panties back on too. Instead, she stuffed them in her purse and leaned in close to me.

"Monica never told me anything." she whispered.

I wanted to be mad at her. But I couldn't bring myself to do it. She might have manipulated me, but she wouldn't have been able to if I'd been smart enough to refuse sex from Monica in the first place.

"I thought you said you weren't a liar." I teased, pulling my shirt back on.

"I lied about that too," she said, feigning disgust, "What is this world coming to?"

I was so confused that words were failing me. So, I just stared at her while I decided what to say next.

"So... All you wanted was for me to confess about my affair!?" I asked.

"No, John," she sighed, "I wanted you to be innocent. But, now I know that you're guilty."

"What are you talking about?" I groaned.

"I wanted to know whether or not the rumours I've been hearing were true," said Ms. Kenner, "The teachers all think you're having an affair. Before too long, the principal will hear them and if that happens, you'll be fired. She won't care if it's true or not."

"Which, as you and I both know, it is." I moaned, finally catching on.

"Everybody makes mistakes, John," she said, "So, consider yourself warned. If you really don't want to get fired, divorced, humiliated and disgraced, then do something about. End your affair with Monica while you still can!" 

"You just admitted you're a liar and yet you still expect me to trust you?" I asked, incredulously.

"I don't expect you to trust me," said Ms. Kenner, "I expect you to do the right thing."

And with that, she left, leaving the heavenly smell of her perfume behind.

"Why are you helping me!?" I asked, raising my voice so that she could hear me in the hallway, "We don't even know each other! What's in it for you?"

"Check your shirt pocket!" she called back.

I could hear her high heels as she made her way back down the hallway as the noise grew fainter, I reached into my shirt pocket and found a folded up piece of paper. That pocket was empty until she showed up. During the sex, she'd have had plenty of time to slip that in there.

I unfolded the paper to discover that it was a photo that had been cut out of our school's yearbook for 2002. It was a picture of all the students in Grade 10, and their homeroom teacher, me, John Hartford.

"Okay, so she knows that I started teaching here in 2002," I muttered, "But, that still doesn't really--"

I stopped in mid-sentence when I saw a very shy looking redheaded girl with thick glasses, hazel eyes and freckles sitting in the middle row. According to the note scrawled on the back of the photo, her name was Miranda Kenner.

"What a woman..." I sighed.

TO BE CONTINUED