 I feel the muscles in my upper pelvic area contracting a bit, and I don't think I mean to do it, it's just that something's got my attention. Rinna, sweet girl and new friend at surf camp, takes my hand and leads me to a hut that looks like it's been closed pending demolition for years. "I heard they keep some awesome vintage longboards in here, like, the owner's personal quiver," she tells me with a sly grin. She's got sun-tipped, bronze hair that always looks like it's having its own party, clear olive skin also kissed by the sun, a cute hoop nose ring and an astonishingly unfair figure. Petite, curvy, strong, flexible. Perfectly symmetrical. Small breasts, but cute, and just the right size for her. I am most jealous of her perfectly chiseled shoulders and perky heart-shaped butt. Cheeky bikini bottoms just look right on her. Whatever. She's adorable, and I love her for it. 

We've been together at this adult surf camp for about a week, and will remain here for another month. It's the most amazing retreat, and I'm so glad to have booked myself in here. It sounds too hippie-dippy for me, but, yoga, clean eating, lots of surf, and early nights have me feeling more like myself than I have in years, and it's funny how being so close to someone so beautiful makes me feel like I can be anything, too. 

Sure enough, she jiggles the door open, and there in the shadows lay surfboards that haven't seen water in years, but are so beautiful, cleanly kept, with wooden stringers and hand-painted striping. The fiberglass glistens, and there's even one that's made totally of wood. I bet that board catches a 2 inch ripple, and turns like a pier, but is probably a beautifully smooth ride. This place is clearly dear to someone, and I feel both guilty and exhilarated to be inside. 

We hear voices heading nearer down the trail and tuck ourselves into the hut, jiggling the door back into place, and waiting, looking through slats in the reeds like giddy school girls. Rinna grabs my arm in hers, and is about two inches from my face and nearly panting with glee. The interlopers pass, and she squeals a bit, and kisses me on the cheek. "Gone!" She yelps, and runs over to take a closer look, ignoring that she just kissed me. Maybe she's one of those girls who kisses friends like that, I don't know. It's sweet to me, but also felt a little flirty. I liked it, but it's also totally foreign to me. I'm over-thinking this. 

I take some pictures with my phone; I want to Google the shapers and see if they're all native Hawaiian made boards. I bet so. We ooh and ahh over the pieces for a few more minutes and then realize yoga starts in about half an hour. Let's get back and change, we decide, and are off to our little hut in paradise. 

I'm shy, and change in the shadows. People I'm not having sex with never see my breasts or my stomach, really, or anything else normally covered by clothes. To be at a bathing-suit themed retreat is a big step out of my comfort zone. For Rinna, this is not so. 

She changes in the middle of the room, and takes her time. Saunters, topless, to a window and watches the sky for a moment. Her nipples are so cute. So petite, such perfectly round, brown areolas. I'm a little shocked to be having these thoughts, but, there she is, and who could help it? She bends to change out of her bottoms and into her yoga pants. Honey, she bends over with her ass facing me, slowly, looking at something on her leg? On her foot? I don't know, but I'm presented with the most lovely view of the back of her chubby little vagina lips, like their own little heart, right below her perfect, lovely apple bottom. She waxes, apparently. I do not. I feel the shift in my pelvic area again, and look away, catching myself in this odd moment. I wanted to kiss her there...What? 

My goal for this week is to meet life as it comes. Not to have expectations, but just to let what is, be. So. I have a lovely roommate. She is sexy. I've noticed. All is well. Now we're going to go to class. 

Except, oh, what's this text? Class is cancelled this afternoon. Our instructor has run to town for a family emergency. Uh...ok. What now? Rinna sees it, too, before stepping into her sleek black pants, and opts to just forgo them. Also no reason to shimmy into a sports bra, right? She's so at-home in her body, it makes me just want to touch her, see if she's real. The gentle divide down her stomach looks like such a lovely place to trace a finger, and her vertically oriented belly button looks like just the right size to give a little lick, a kiss. 

She looks back at me, and says, "You're ok? Are you still getting dressed for class?! It's so hot. I'm just going to rest a bit, and cool off." And I feel like an idiot for putting my shirt and flops on, and so start to peel myself out of them. She notices I'm struggling a bit, as I'm now getting sweaty and nervous, and comes to my rescue. She doesn't stop with the t-shirt, though, she helps by unclasping my sports bra. Mine has clasps, because I have breasts that require a lot of support. I let her finish unclasping, and I think her hand takes down a strap from my shoulder. I have my back to her still, stopping for a moment to process this. She gently slides a finger under the other strap, and is definitely helping me all the way out of my bra. "There. Much cooler, yeah?" Yeah. 

I am so embarrassed to have another human looking at my breasts, and she senses it. "Kara, it's ok. It's just me. You see mine, I see yours. We're women, who happen to live in women's bodies. Relax?" And I do. I uncross my arms, and turn to face her, letting my generous breasts fall. My large, light pink nipples catch a gentle breeze and start to firm in her direction. I blush. She goes on talking like nothing is happening, but makes no move to put on a stitch of clothing. I am in my panties, and take a step towards my bed, to have a lie-down on my stomach. 

Rinna joins me and starts to tell me a story she knows via some local islanders about a boy and girl in a traditional legend. She brushes my hair from my shoulders, traces symbols and their paths along my back, and it's a tender moment between friends. I roll onto my side, heavy breasts lolling over, too, and smile at her. She starts a new story on my shoulder, and down my arm. This story progresses to my side, and down to my hip. She starts to walk her fingers across my panty line, down along the front of my abdomen, and it tickles, and feels so sexy. Her pert breasts are inches from my face, and I know I'm staring. 

She stops and looks into my eyes. "You know, massage can be a lot like having yoga done to you." Oh? She takes my hand and starts to knead me along my fingers, my palms, to my wrists. She pulls my arms long and then places them down along my sides. I'm on my back now, and she moves to have my head resting in her lap. Her naked lap. I let her. 

She's working my shoulders and neck, along my jawline, over my forehead, and then along my chest muscles. I feel my nipples stiffen at her touch there, and I can smell the faint citrus musk emanating from just underneath where I lay. Her feminine legs cradle my head perfectly. She's using a bit of oil on me now; just a touch. She moves down my chest, just a bit, and then lower, and then between my breasts, to my sternum, in slow strokes. Her hair brushes my shoulders as she leans forward, and I am in heaven. She smells like the sun, and like tanning lotion, and the sea. 

With both small hands, she slides under my left breast, cupping it gently. She begins to massage from my body, down towards my nipple. I'm sure my cheeks are red, but this feels amazing. I roll my hips a moment, not sure if I should have done that. Is this just friendly? I mean, I know the answer but am just so unsure about how to react. 

She moves to the right breast, and is kneading, stroking it down, and I sigh. She gives a small giggle in return and playfully drags her hair across my chest. Rinna puts just a drop more oil in her hands, and takes the left again, only now is heading for the tip. She runs her fingers over my nipple, and does a gentle squeeze with the side of her hand on the way back up. On the next pass, she stops there, lingers, and then takes my nipple between her palms, and rubs them back and forth creating a warm friction, and the heat spreads. She reaches down again, and this time with her lubricated fingers, gives the nipple a long, stroking tug. 

She repeats this for about a minute, and I am looking right up at the underside of her gorgeous titties as she does it. I so want to kiss them, to feel them in my mouth, and to make her feel so good. 

She moves to the right again, and repeats the process, only this time I really roll my hips, and in response, she makes a long pass down my abdomen with both hands, steady pressure, all the way to my mound, underneath the waist of my panties. Her thumbs knead my mound, and her fingers go over the edge to gently cradle my pussy for a moment. She strokes the strip of hair there, and gives it a playful tug. This is so hot, and so unexpected. 

I move to sit up, and she asks me to stand. Rinna remains seated, and pulls my panties down to the floor, kissing my belly button, my ample stomach, my round hips, the hollows between my legs. She stops to run her fingers lightly over my lips while looking up at me with clear green eyes, and then, gently, she slips her tongue into the top of my slit, and gives a long, slow lick all the way down to my opening. I whimper with delight. 

She turns my leg out, to help me stand a little wider, and scoots down the bed a bit, her ass hanging off, but her face just level with my exposed cunt. She smiles and gives me a sweet giggle again, she knows she's teasing me for being so up-tight.

Her hands move to the insides of my thighs, and slide up to gently pinch my labia, and hold them open for her. She nuzzles in, tugging my pubic hair with her mouth, and then goes to the open folds below. She gives gentle sucks to my clit, my inner lips, and nibbles my outer lips. She takes one in between her thumb and forefinger, and gives it long, deep strokes. Then, the other lip, and then, she stands. 

What? No, don't stop, my eyes plead, but she's come up to kiss me, and it's so soft and sweet. I nibble her lip, she gently slides her tongue along mine, and then nibbles along my jaw-line. She's cupping and kneading my heavy breasts, and then my ass. She leads me back to bed, and we gaze into each other's eyes for a moment, before I begin to return the favors. I start with her little nipples. I give one a gentle, slow kiss with long tongue strokes, and her hands go into my hair, keeping my head there, saying "Press on." 

My long, dark hair is all over us, covering her middle while I breathe into her neck, kiss her ears, stroke her lovely shoulders, and trace the curves of her breasts. I give her nipples light pinches and wait for her to give me permission to move on or stop. She doesn't. She moans and her knees fall open to the sides. I can see her piercing. Of course. She has a delicate ring in her clitoris with a small pearl, and it looks like a perfect little jewel there. She is such a princess. I lick my finger, and trace her cleft, shy to touch the pearl. I lightly go over the ring in a circle, and nudge the pearl. She sighs, and I am heartened to continue. Gently, so gently, I move with my thumb over her clit, and play with the ring a bit, sliding it back and forth, and giving it the tiniest tug. She rolls up and grabs my hair at the nape of my neck, to nibble my ears and tell me to keep going. 

I can't. I don't know how to do this! She understands, and puts me on my back, with my thick thighs open for her. She rubs and grabs along my stomach, relishing its womanly padding, and gives me a moment to catch my breath. She starts to describe what she's doing to me, and it makes it all that much more amazing. She has a plan here, and it's going to end well for me. 

She slides a finger inside of my opening while she suckles my breast. When the finger is moist, she brings it up to my mouth and has me suck it off. She dips back in again, but with two fingers, and starts to rub near my gspot with delicious pressure. She puts her nipple in my mouth for a moment, and I am sucking and nipping, and biting a little, and she is responding with pressure, and steady tempo, and a second hand, to stroke my clit in circles and give it sweet tugs and pinches. She slaps my lips, and I'm shocked and so turned on. Again, she spanks my open cunt with her hand,, and it just seems to make it more sensitive, it's amazing. In return, I spank her bottom, which gives the most satisfying little jiggle. 

Finally, she mounts me backwards, with her pussy in my face, and I am clear about what I need to do here. I lick along her slit, spread her with my tongue, find her opening and drink from her. She tastes like the ocean, but cleaner. I flick her pearl with my tongue, and reach up to hold her lips open so that I can see and taste all of her, and she's divine. A goddess. I kiss her pussy, deeply, spreading her wetness all over my face, like an eager child with sweets.

I am sucking her folds, and pinching her thighs a bit, and realize I have such a beautiful butt right in front of me. I gain courage, moisten my finger and gently insert it, just a bit. 

She gasps, then gently moans. I go a little deeper, and can feel more wetness coming from her opening. I am so emboldened, I slide the full length of my finger inside of her butt, and I twist and pull out a little. I do it again; dip into her ass, twist, pull out. Her whole body rolls with pleasure. This is turning me on, to touch her from the inside, and to have been the one to surprise her. It's such a power move. 

I feel her muscles contracting in my mouth and on my hand, and she has me right on the cusp as well. She gives me one more good slap, reaches deep, and I open to her in a way I've never felt. I buck for at least a few seconds, with her hand inside, rubbing me all the way, and then I melt, in tears of release. 

We're done. We're so close together. She comes around to snuggle me, hold me, be held, and we're both so vulnerable in that moment, shocked and amazed at what's been exchanged, and I know I love her, and want to do this a thousand times this month. I hope she feels the same. 

The breeze blows in from the window, our glistening skin cools, and we sit up together, regaining strength. She leans in, and we kiss, slowly, and long. Her hands play in my hair, and we're so thoroughly relaxed. She gently strokes the side of my breast, and I rub small circles on her back with a light touch hand, stroking the cleft at the top of her butt, and already wanting to open her again, like a gift. 

Moments later, a knock. "Um, hey ladies. I think I heard something, and want to see if you're ok?" Oh, you've got to be kidding. It's the gorgeous sports manager guy. He's maybe 25? He's tanned, muscled, has innocently floppy hair and as far as we can tell, doesn't own pants that aren't board shorts. We've both had a crush on him all week. Rinna winks at me, and I nod. Go ahead, answer the door, lovely. Let's let what will be, be.