 I'd been thinking of surprising you at work since I saw the huge desk you had in your new office. So one day, I began to plan.

I carefully quizzed you on your work schedule for the remainder of the week, trying to ensure uninterrupted time for what I was planning. This afternoon was perfect.

I dress carefully for the occasion. My favorite skirt; long, soft, and dark gray with a slit up the back. A powder blue sweater with a deep v-neck. Push-up bra. Black thigh-high stockings. Black velvet heels. No panties.

I style my hair so it is a riot of loose red curls, making it look like I had just tumbled out of bed. Smoky gray eye makeup brings out the bright blue of my eyes. I apply a special pink lip gloss to my lips so that the color will stay....no matter what.

I time getting to your office so you're in the short meeting you had scheduled. I slip my way into your office and crawl under your desk to wait.

After a few minutes, I hear your voice coming down the hall. I curl back into a corner so you won't notice I'm there. Your footsteps come into the office and around your desk as you talk to someone. You sit down but don't see me. Good, I knew this desk was big enough.

With my cellphone muted, I send a text message:

*I want to taste you. Now.*

A few seconds later, your phone beeps. The conversation falters for a moment as you read the message. Your voice is strangled as you try to continue speaking. As the conversation winds down, you excuse yourself and send a response:

*Babes, god I want that. But I can't leave now. Be home soon, promise.*

Once I know the person is out of your office, I send this as a reply:

*I need to suck you. Now.*

While the message sends, I slowly move myself to my knees. Your phone beeps, I hear you groan as you see the message. I can see you hardening in your pants. You reach down to adjust yourself. My hand gets there first and starts caressing.

You give a startled yelp and look under the desk. Your shocked eyes cannot believe what you're seeing.

I grin and say, "Surprise."

"What are you doing here?"

"What does it look like, hon. Fulfilling a fantasy."

I continue to stroke you through your pants, getting you harder and harder. I pull you back towards the desk a little. I unbutton your pants and pull down the zipper. I reach in and pull out your cock. 

I start stroking slowly up and down, enjoying the soft skin over the hardness. My finger runs over and around the head, stopping at that sensitive spot underneath. Pressing and stroking.

You suppress a groan. "Babes, my office door is open. I'm supposed to talk to someone in here in a few minutes"

I answer, "I know" as I keep stroking. You shift restlessly in your chair, obviously torn between letting me continue but not wanting me to be caught.

Too late. Someone comes in the door and sits down. I can tell you're trying to act as normally as you can. Even as you are speaking, one of your hands reaches down and tries to stop my hands. Instead of stroking, I lean forward and begin licking the head of your cock.

Your hand quickly moves to my head, not to stop me this time, but to caress my hair as if you cannot help it. I move my mouth away for the time being, and start stroking again.

The meeting lasts about ten minutes, during which I stroke and caress you. Towards the end, I move one hand away, and send another message:

*I'm about to touch myself. When you feel wetness on your cock, it's from me.*

I reach my hand between my legs and start to play. Once I hear the message come through and know you're reading it, I put my hand on your cock and rub my wetness into you. You involuntarily give an abbreviated moan as your cock jerks.

I hear the person ask if you're ok. You manage to say yes somewhat convincingly. When the person goes to leave, you say you have calls to make and ask them to shut the door.

Once the door shuts, you give out a groan and say, "Babes, you're killing me."

My answer is to take you into my mouth, tongue teasing the tip, rubbing and circling all around.

"We can't do this while everyone is here. There's no way I can be quiet when I cum."

I move my mouth off you long enough to say, "Then I'll just keep playing with both of us until they all leave."

You let out a shuddering breath as my mouth goes back to work. You take a peek under the desk and see me kneeling on the floor, skirt hiked up showing that I'm not wearing panties.

As you watch, I reach down between my legs and get more moisture, this time offering my fingers up to your mouth. You suck my fingers in and lick them clean. I move my mouth off again, looking at you and breathing hard.

I reach around and unsnap my bra, taking it off through the sleeves of my sweater. My left hand reaches in and pulls out a breast. Holding it in my hand, I begin tugging and squeezing the nipple. My right hand reaches down and runs along my pussy. My finger rubs my clit.

All the while, I'm looking at your face, seeing the flush on your cheeks and the dark arousal in your eyes. My gaze travels down to your cock, standing so rigidly before me. The head slowly becomes that deep red color that signifies the intense excitement, the leaking fluid running down to the base.

I move closer again to lick the liquid off, running my tongue all around you. My lips go around you once again and I take you into my mouth, bit by bit, pulling back slowly, sucking on your cock as if starving.

After several minutes of this, I ease my mouth away, knowing not to get you too far gone. I go back to lazily stroking you, while the other hand moves between my own legs again.

This goes on for quite some time, the only noise in the room are the wet sounds of the stroking and our labored breathing.

I move to take you back into my mouth. All of a sudden, you let out a low growl and say, "Thank god, they're gone."

You reach down, grab my arms, and practically drag me out from under the desk. You pull me up against you, your arms like steel bands around my back, and kiss me deeply. Your tongue heatedly filling my mouth.

You wrench your mouth from mine, breathing heavily. You spin me around and press on my back to bend me over the desk. One hand is still on my back, while the other pulls up my skirt, exposing my pussy to you through the slit. Your fingers press between my lips and up into me. My hips squirm at the feelings your fingers generate.

You give another growl as your hands grab my hips, and you aggressively thrust your cock into me. I let out a cry at the fullness stretching me, pushing into me. Your hands move around under the sweater and cover my breasts, pulling on the nipples.

Your hips powerfully drive into me, the momentum building up. The strokes getting harder and faster. You swell even more inside me, pressing against my inner walls, causing the nerves to overload.

The swell of pleasure breaks and I can't help but scream. The spasms clamp down on your cock, causing you to explode. You let out a shout, and I can feel the surge of cum shooting into me.

Slowly, our bodies and breathing quiet down. You gently pull out of me, causing small aftershocks to go through my body.

You sit on the chair and pull me into your lap. We kiss leisurely, your hand caressing my face. You tuck my head into your chest and stroke my back.

"Babes, that was the best surprise I've ever had."