 All characters in this work of fiction are over the age of eighteen.

***

Toby King walked up to his front door and stuck his key in the lock, but the door wasn't locked. His mom had left for Utah the night before, and he knew he'd locked it when he left for school. He entered the house slowly and looked around. Nothing was missing, so he headed upstairs. Everything was normal until he got to his moms room. Sprawled out in tight jeans and a tank top was a blonde, she was asleep on her stomach.

He might have stood there and checked her out, if she hadn't been a total stranger. He shook her shoulder and she grumbled. He shook harder and she lifted her head and looked at him through one eye.

"Who...are you...lady?"

"What...who the hell are you?"

"I'm Toby, I live here. You on the other hand don't, so why are you on my mother's bed?"

"My god, Toby...you've really grown."

"So...you are?"

"I'm Sally; I used to live next door to you on Ocean Avenue."

"Wait, Surfer Sally, oh my god, I remember you!"

"You should, I lived next door for three years. I even watched you on occasion."

"So, how did you get in?"

"Your mom told me about the key behind the side gate a few years ago. I sat in my car for a while, but the lady across the street started staring at me so I figured I'd come inside."

"Mom is in Utah until Tuesday for work, some sort of conference."

"Bummer, I was hoping she'd help me find an apartment."

Toby took out his phone and called her. She rambled on for a minute and then he handed the phone to Sally. He went to his room and pulled his shirt over his head and tossed it in the dirty clothes hamper.

"So what, you're seventeen now?"

He turned and she tossed his phone on the bed.

"No, eighteen my birthday was last month."

She started looking at all the pictures on the walls and asked who took them.

"I did, I'm going to college next year to be a photographer."

"So who's she?"

"Just a girl from school..."

"Is she the one?"

"The one, what do you mean?"

"Your first, the one you gave your virginity to."

"Oh, no...I..She's just a friend."

"So, your mom said you'd cater to my every need."

"She did?"

"Well, she said you'd make me comfortable, but right now I'm starving. I'll worry about comfort later."

"You like grilled cheese and ham; I make a pretty mean one."

"Sounds good to me, so your mom said I should stay in her room, so I'm gonna get my bags, ok?"

"Do you need a hand?"

"No but I do need to do some laundry."

She got her bags and sorted her laundry while he made them sandwiches. He showed her the laundry room and watched while she put her underwear in the washer.

"See anything you like?"

"What, no I was just making sure you didn't need help."

"Are you really that up tight Toby? You're eighteen, good looking, except for that haircut, and you stumble over yourself constantly."

"What's wrong with my haircut?"

"You look like someone gave you a swirly."

"A what?"

"Never mind, I should mind my own business."

They sat down to eat at the table and Toby asked where she'd been. She told him she'd been in Australia and New Zealand the last six years, and before that she was in South America.

"So are you going to freak out if I get some sun in the backyard by the pool?"

"No, go right ahead."

"I mean topless in a thong. I've been in planes and cars for the last three days and I'm missing the sun."

"Oh, well I have some homework I need to get finished."

"Maybe you could take some pictures of me, you have a good eye."

"Sure, just let me know when."

"Now, in the backyard."

"You mean..."

"Never mind, I know I'm not young anymore."

He finished his sandwich and put his plate in the dishwasher and then went to his room. She finished her food and then went upstairs to change. She stopped at his door and apologized for being out of line.

"I'm sorry Toby, I lost my sponsor last month, after twelve years, I'm just feeling old I guess."

She went down to the back yard and pulled her shirt off and then adjusted the backrest on the chase lounge. She'd been sunning for about fifteen minutes when she heard the familiar shutter click of an actual 35mm film camera.

"Are you shooting black and white?"

"Yes, I can develop it in my black room."

He zoomed in while he stood behind a small palm, catching her between the branches. He realized her nipples were pierced and he gasped. He walked around the palm and took a few more and then moved to the foot of her lounger and took half a dozen.

"Did...those hurt?"

"Ya, quite a bit actually, but it was a long time ago. I've got a lot of pleasure out of them since then."

She spread her legs until her feet were at the edges and then pulled one ring up until her nipple was stretched almost half an inch. He snapped a few more pictures and then got closer.

"You're sure this is ok Sally?"

"You'll be shooting nudes in school next year, I'd imagine."

"Ya, I think so."

She hooked her fingers in her thong underwear and slipped them down her hips until her smooth hairless pussy was exposed and left them there.

Behind the camera Toby felt safe. As long as he was looking through the lens, it was a different world in front of him. He snapped a few shots of her pussy close up and she pushed her panties the rest of the way down and dropped them on the ground.

"Just so you know, I've done this before, for magazines, and private stuff as well. I even did some work for a photography class when I was younger. You can tell me what you want me to do."

"I'm ok..."

She slid her right foot up the side of her left leg until it reached her knee and then reached down and pulled her inner labia out from between her full lips. They stayed nice and visible when she removed her hands.

"You don't look thirty five Sally."

"No? Well thank you, I've been feeling thirty five lately."

"Could you sit on the ground Indian style and cup your..."

She moved to the warm concrete and did as he asked. He took a few pictures and then he moved her again.

"Are you still nervous Toby?"

"Ya, a little bit."

"Are you ready to put the camera down for a minute?"

He set the camera on the chase lounge and sat down Indian style as well.

"I'll pose for you as much as you'd like, ok? But you have to agree to talk to me about everything I ask you, deal?"

"I...guess, but..."

"No, say yes or no, but don't be caught in between."

"Yes, ok..."

"So tell me about the girl, and I mean how you feel."

"Well, I've liked her since like second grade, but we've always just been friends."

"Have you ever asked her out?"

"Not really, we did go to a dance together once, but I think she thought it was as friends."

"So she gets your blood racing?"

"Ya, pretty much...every time I'm around her."

"So, have you ever even kissed a woman before?"

"No, well in seventh grade I did, but it was nothing."

"Toby, am I making your blood race right now?"

"Yes, I'm sorry but you...you're just so...naked."

"Would you kiss me if I asked?"

"Oh, wow, why would you want to kiss me?"

"Because I like kissing, and you need some practice."

"...do you want to put clothes on first?"

"Nope...why, is the view bothering you?"

"I can't stop looking down, I just feel...like a pervert."

"...and if you were naked I'd be staring too. There's nothing wrong with looking if it's on display."

"So...I can kiss you?"

"Here, hop up on the lounge chair."

He sat down and she crawled onto his lap. She lowered her mouth to his and started kissing him. He was clumsy and awkward and bumped his teeth against hers.

"Put your hands on my butt, and lean your head back."

She leaned into him so her breasts were against his chest and she started kissing him taking the lead. She could feel his hard cock between her legs and she started rubbing against it. He started rubbing and pulling on her butt while his hips went crazy. 

"Just go with it Toby, don't fight it."

"But...I'm..."

Her mouth covered his and she started playing with his tongue while she ground against his cock. He started shaking and then thrust his hips up. She felt him cum in his pants but she went right back to kissing him the second he calmed down.

"I need to...change."

"No you don't, it's just cum, it isn't poison."

She continued kissing him until he got into a rhythm and started catching on. She was grinding against him again and she was pretty sure it never went soft. She nibbled on his lip and when she finished he did the same to her.

They kissed for over an hour and he was still hard. She was getting horny and she told him so. She got up and looked at his crotch. She had left her own wet spot on his pants along with his.

It's time for your next lesson Toby."

"Lesson, what lesson?"

"Foreplay."

"Wait, foreplay, that's..."

"Just follow me, ok?"

She grabbed her panties and t-shirt and walked inside. He got up and grabbed his camera and then forced himself to follow her into the house. She was gone, so he ran to his room and got cleaned up.

He sat on his bed staring at his camera, and while Sally was exciting, he really wanted to develop his film. Sally walked in and startled him by what she was wearing. She had on a short black pleated skirt he was pretty sure belonged to his mom, and a white blouse that was hers as well. He could see a black lace bra under the white cotton.

She stopped in front of the picture of the girl again. She took it off the wall and sat down on the bed next to him.

"This girl obviously likes you, look at that smile."

"Her name is Robin."

"Ok, so if you asked her out, say to the movies, what would you do?"

"I don't know, watch the movie I guess?"

"How does watching the movie get you any closer to Robin becoming your girlfriend?"

"It...doesn't I guess?"

She got up and made him follow her to the living room where she turned on the TV and sat down on the sofa. She patted the cushion next to her, telling him to sit.

"Now touch my hand like you want to hold it."

He rubbed his hand across hers and she turned his wrist so their fingers could interlock. She squeezed his hand and he squeezed back.

"Ok, so now you know she likes it. That's a go ahead to put your arm around her. So go ahead and put your arm around me."

He slipped his arm around her shoulders and rubbed the side of her arm. She wiggled a little closer to him without even thinking and then caught herself.

"See, that was nice, even I felt like getting closer. Now you want to wait until the movie is at a lull, and then just turn and look at her. Don't smile and don't talk, just look at her eyes. If her head moves even a little bit towards you move in and kiss her."

"But if..."

"No buts, if she doesn't want to kiss you she will smile and look back at the screen. You're in the friend zone and it's time to find a new girl."

"You're sure about this kiss thing?"

"Trust me, and besides, would you move your face towards a girl you don't want to kiss?"

"No, I'd move away."

"So ok, now you've kissed her, and she liked it. You'll know, trust me. She'll put her head on your shoulder or she'll hold your hand with both of hers. And, she'll probably cross her legs if they aren't already. It would most likely mean she's getting excited down there."

"This just seems...I don't know."

"Seriously, you're doubting me?"

"No, it just seems so simple?"

"It's Friday night, is she going out tonight? Are you going out tonight?"

"No, she said she's watching TV..."

"Call her; invite her over to watch TV here. I'll order pizza, it will be fun."

"I...I...can't."

"Why not, what's the problem Toby?"

"I'm...scared she'll say no."

"Just fucking call her, if she says no, we'll have our own little party. So either way, you'll have some fun."

He grabbed his phone and checked the time, it was almost six thirty. He dialed her number and waited.

"Hey Robin, its Toby...I'm good, I was wondering if you wanted to come over and watch the marathon here, a family friend just got in town, she's ordering pizza."

"Oh, ok uh huh, ok bye."

"So, what did she say?"

"She said she'd be here in twenty minutes."

"So, you need a shower, and we need to do something with your hair, sorry."

Fifteen minutes later he was standing in front of the mirror looking at him reflection. His hair was shorter, and pushed back on the sides and he looked older. She dragged him to his bedroom and handed him pants and a shirt.

"This, seriously?"

"Yes, just trust me, and no underwear."

"Man..."

The doorbell rang and Sally smiled before heading downstairs.

She opened the door and was amazed at Toby's taste. The girl had on tight little pastel rose colored shorts, sandals and a short t-shirt that showed her little belly button piercing. She had on a light amount of makeup and a big smile.

"Hi, I'm Robin!"

"Hello Robin, I'm Sally, come on in, Toby's getting dressed."

Robin walked past her while she held the door, and Sally checked out her butt. The shorts were splitting her ass cheeks a bit, and the girl did have a nice butt.

"So, Robin, are you two dating? I just got into town today, so we really haven't had a chance to talk."

"No, not yet, nothing like that I mean."

"Well I'm gonna go check on him, make yourself at home."

Sally went to his room and walked right in. He was buttoning up his shirt.

"Ok, the girl has the hots for you, and you have kept her on the hook long enough. Remember what I told you, it will work here, just as well."

"Sally, I can't..."

"Listen, if you blow this, no more pictures, or anything else. But if you trust me, that girl will be all over you by next weekend."

The doorbell rang again and Sally pointed her finger at him before she left the room for the door. She paid the pizza guy and took the boxes to the kitchen. Robin joined her as Toby walked in.

"Wow, I like your hair like that, you look...older."

Sally almost started laughing, but managed to contain herself. She grabbed her plate and made a dash for the sofa where she plopped down and put her legs up, forcing them to sit on the love seat.

The first two episodes of The Vampire Diaries had Sally hooked, but she had a few questions.

"So, does she ever get laid by him, or what?"

Robin had watched every episode more than a few times.

"They do, and it's great, it's one of my favorite episodes."

"Elaina is hot, that's for sure."

"Ya, she definitely has a figure."

"You know Robin, you look a little like her, don't you think so Toby?"

Sally was staring a hole through him and he got the hint.

"I think Robin is prettier, to be honest."

Robin's hand found Toby's and her fingers interlocked with his. The girl was bubbly and kept bouncing their hands on her thigh. Toby was just sitting there missing all the signs. Sally wiggled her head at him and then got up from the sofa.

"I need to put my clothes in the dryer, I'll be back in a minute."

She went to the kitchen but stopped and peeked back at them. Toby just sat there watching the TV. She walked to the laundry room behind the kitchen and called him for help.

"You blind ass idiot, what's it going to take? Just turn to her and lean in, she'll do all the work, trust me. She's ready to put your hand in her lap for Pete's sake."

He turned and headed back towards the living room. He was beginning to feel almost angry, because if Sally was wrong he would blow it with Robin. He walked into the living room and Robin was standing at the bookshelf looking at a picture he'd taken at school.

He walked up and she took his hand again. She turned to look at him and he moved a little closer and she just leaned up and pressed her lips to his. He almost froze, and the kiss was over before he could even get his tongue out of his mouth.

They sat back down and Toby felt numb. She had his hand in both of her and she crossed her legs. She pulled his hand into her lap and he swore she was pushing down on her crotch.

He pulled his hand free and gave her the other one. He put his arm around her and looked into her eyes and she melted. He leaned in and she rushed to kiss him. This time he remembered the backyard and slipped his tongue in her mouth. He understood what Sally had said now as Robin tried clumsily to kiss him back.

Sally watched from the shadows in the kitchen and then returned to the laundry room. She put a new load in the washer and started the dryer before walking back into the living room. She acted like she didn't even notice them kissing and returned to the sofa and the TV show.

Half way through the next episode Sally got up and turned out the lights. Twenty minutes later she yawned, and got up from the couch.

"I'm sorry, I've been up like twenty six hours, and I'm going to bed. It was nice to have met you Robin, maybe tomorrow you can join us for lunch and a dip in the pool."

"I'd love to, thanks for asking."

"Ok, well good night."

Sally walked up the stairs and went straight to be. She really was tired, and she figured Toby would figure it from there. She was going to rub one out, but she decided to save it for later, maybe Toby would need more help the next day.

Sally woke up around seven thirty and found Toby's door shut. She turned the knob and peeked inside. He was alone sleeping in boxers half under the covers. She closed the door and went to the kitchen to make some breakfast.

The kitchen was stocked well, so she made a Mexican omelet and peeled an orange. She ran coffee through and about the time her food was done Toby strolled in smiling.

"Something smells amazing!"

"I made a Mexican omelet, do you want one?"

"If you don't mind?"

"Here take this one, I'll make another."

He sat down and ate a few bites before telling her how great it was.

"So, tell me about last night, after I went to bed."

"Wow, just...wow. You were right, she was interested in me."

"So how far did you go, tell me?"

"I...had my hand up her bra, it was amazing."

"Wow, I'm proud of you."

"Not really, she pretty much put my hand there."

"So who ended the night?"

"She did, she had to be home by two, but she didn't want to go, she told me so."

"So, it looks like you're off and running Toby, I guess I was right."

"I guess, but what's next? Now I'm even more scared, I mean she was like rubbing my crotch and stuff."

"Are you asking me about sex, or..."

"You said we could talk about this so...ya, like what happens when she like, takes her shirt off, and her bra?"

She sat down with her food and just stared at him for a second. She knew he was worried he'd screw it up, and as lacking in confidence as he was, he just might.

"You want me to tell you what to do, or show you?"

"I've watched videos on the internet, so I'm not stupid, but I don't want to blow it now."

"So...you want me to show you how to make love to a woman, right?"

"I...I guess, I mean...I'm scared I'll be in a rush because I don't really know what to do first."

"Fine, finish your breakfast, and then we'll get started..."

"Are we going to..."

"You will know everything you need to know by this afternoon, trust me."

They finished eating and she went to the master bedroom shower. She washed her hair and scrubbed herself clean, and then dried off before walking to his bedroom naked. He was sitting there fully clothed and she said no way.

"Get undressed, everything off and then lie down on the bed."

Toby got up and started removing his clothes while she watched. He hesitated once he got to his boxers.

"This is what you wanted right, to learn how to please a woman?"

"Yes, I'm just..."

She walked up to him and squatted down. She grabbed the legs of his boxers and pulled them down to his feet. His cock sprang free and she checked it out with her hand. He was about seven inches long and a nice thickness. He was moaning already and she was just holding it in her hand.
