 It was late and dark when I got home from work. I found her asleep on the couch, the TV still on, covered up in a blanket. I turned off the television and went to uncover her when I noticed what she was wearing. 

The black Old Navy tank top matched perfectly to the lacy underwear and thigh high stockings. Her high heeled, black leather boots transformed her outfit from a girl wearing lingerie to a sexy, dark seductress. It was only after I had slowly taken in her appearance did I realize that her eyes were now open, and looking at my longingly. 

"I thought you were just going to leave me lying here all night. I was about to stand up and ruin my whole plan." She spoke quickly, and started moving towards me with a playfully evil grin. Once she was standing I was awestruck by her; she was as tall as I was due to the heels and I could see the confidence in her expression.

"Well? Can't you think of anything to say to me?" she asked me in a teasing voice.

But still I stood there, speechless. So since I knew that I wasn't going to be able to convey to her what I wanted by telling her, I showed her. Without a moment's hesitation, I was grasping her and kissing her roughly on the mouth. My fingers were searching and grasping every inch of her, especially the places where no fabric covered her warm, soft skin. 

It was a long time that we wrestled and groped each other on the couch. 

Finally, I broke the silence, "What do you want?" I asked. 

"If you are going to give me what I want, then you're going to have to give me what you want. No worrying about whether I'm okay, or if it feels good to me, because it always feels good with you." She paused to let me soak in what she had just said. "I'm only going to explain this once. I want you to use me. Tonight, I'm your toy. I'll do anything you want. Fuck me."

I was almost too stunned to do anything, but as I am of the male persuasion, I wasn't going to let an opportunity like this one go. I started leading her to the bedroom, but she paused by the kitchen and started to unbutton my shirt. So we began right there in the hallway.

Once I was stripped down to my boxers, she decided to guess at what I wanted first. "Should I get on my knees for you? Do you want me to suck your dick?"

By this time, my confidence had skyrocketed, so I began playing along in her erotic game. "Yes you should get on your knees, but no you should not start sucking. Just open your mouth and let me control you." I wasn't sure if I really was going to get what I wanted, so I decided to test the waters with something that she had strictly forbidden in the past. Never before was I allowed to "mouth fuck" her, but today was different. The deeper I rammed my throbbing cock down her throat, the more desperately she would moan. It wasn't until I was forcing her lips against my pelvis and holding her there did she protest at all. 

"I have no problem with you fucking my face like that, but if you're going to could you at least let me breathe every now and then?" She asked me, looking up at me with watery eyes from being forced down on my shaft. 

"I suppose I could let you do that." I smiled at her deviously and continued having my way with her soft, warm lips and tongue. 

I knew that if I didn't stop myself soon, I would just keep pounding away at her throat until I came. So I pulled her up to me, cupped my hands below her perfect ass, and carried her off to the bedroom. Once there, I lost my boxers, and made absolutely sure that she left every article of clothing on. There was no way that I was going to have her taking off the sexiest outfit I had ever seen now, just before it got good.

"I want you to get on your hands and knees, doggy style, for me; but keep your legs together. I think it's time to try a new position." I ordered.

"Oh good, I thought we might end up doing the same old things." She replied in her purely evil bedroom voice. "I guess I should have known after you forced your dick down my throat so far that I gagged, that this is gonna be good. You didn't even look like you felt bad, I'm proud of you."

"Did you gag? I'm so sorry!" I apologized immediately and felt absolutely awful. 

"Matthew! Shut Up", she argued. "I all ready told you, I'm willing to do anything for you. If you even think about feeling bad right now, I swear to god, I'm going to go change into sweat pants and a hoodie."

"Fine, you want it that way, I'll play along." Now I was really going to get into it with her. 

Before she could respond again, I had forced her onto her back. I figured that if she wanted me to play rough, I would do it right. So instead of taking the time to pull her tank top off over her head, I just ripped it down the middle, exposing her gorgeous tits and making her expression go from devious to shock. My next move was to pull her little black underwear aside and lick her tight little cunt until she came for me. My favorite thing in the world (other than getting head from her) was going down on my girlfriend. She tasted good to me, and the sounds she made and the way her body writhed about under the pressure of my tongue on her clit turned me on like nothing else. So I took my time and made sure that I got her pussy dripping wet before I went in for the kill. I know exactly how to make her go from zero to orgasm, and when I do she usually forces me away to allow her body to run its course, but not today. When she started pushing away, I pulled tighter. That was when the screaming started. 

Eventually I did stop, but only to mount her and pound my bare cock hard into her pussy. I knew that I had to get a condom at some point, but she was so wet, there was no way I was going to let this opportunity go to waste. Her warmth combined with the soaking wet feeling and her surprise at my ferocity were too much for her, and her body dove straight into another intense orgasm. 

I decided, once she was finished screaming and clawing at my back, that I should get a condom on and return to my original idea.

"Now, can you please get on your hands and knees like I told you to earlier", I said forcefully. 

"Okay", was the only reply she gave, other than obliging to my order. 

Once she was in position and my member tightly wrapped in our favorite kind of condom, I squatted behind her and entered her soaked cunt from above and behind. Having never done this before, I was not prepared for how much tighter she would be this way. So I lingered there for a moment before slowly starting to thrust in and out. 

"Do you like this? Just as a matter of interest, either way I'm not stopping yet", I asked her. 

"Mhmmm", she moaned. "This is the most intense you've ever been. Are you enjoying yourself?"

"Like never before. I might just take control like this every time we want to fuck."

At that, I really started pounding her, and eventually lost control. I realized, almost too late, that I was on the verge of blowing so I pulled back and ripped the condom off. Quickly I spun her around and just as my cum exploded out of my dick, I shoved myself back into her mouth. I watched as she moaned and allowed every ounce of my load to fill her mouth, until she swallowed. 

"Yum", she said while she wiped the drip off her chin and sucked it off her finger. "I am kind of disappointed though. We didn't last long at all. I took off tomorrow thinking we'd be up all night."

I replied, "Don't worry. I'm not even close to done with you. Since I'm still in charge, the next thing I want is some time to recuperate before I start using you again."

Her expression was all surprise and smiles when she said, "What do you want to do until you're ready for more then?"

"I'm going to take some pictures of you. So put whatever is left of your tank top back on and lay across the bed in some sexy poses."

After almost a half hour of taking some of the dirtiest, sexiest pictures I have ever taken of her, she started teasing me and was rewarded with my quickly growing erection being stuffed into her mouth. I used that moment to take a quick few pictures of her deep throating me before I turned off the camera and put on a new condom. 

This time, I pulled her on top of me so that she could ride my cock. I still controlled the speed and depth, but I knew this was her favorite, so I took it easy for a few minutes. Finally, I decided to let my horniness take over again, and I started thrusting up at her, driving my dick as deep inside of her as I had ever been. Her moaning coupled with the way she twisted her waist around made for a long, intense session in that position. She came several times while riding me cowgirl style, but I had had enough and was ready to try a new position.

So I pulled her off of me, and curled her up on her side, nibbling at her neck and earlobe as I whispered "I want to do one more thing that we've never done before. Are you game?"

"Of course, I'm your dirty little whore tonight baby, remember?"

"Good, then bend yourself over the side of the bed and play with your cunt for a few while I get myself ready. Got that slut?"

"Ooo, I love it when you talk to me like I'm your own personal slut. It makes me feel dirty, but so fucking hot" she told me while she started massaging her clit.

By now, I had the condom off and was drenching my dick in KY. I knew that if I was going to get away with this, we would both need to be slicker than ice. So, before she could ask what I was doing, I emptied the rest of the lube all over her ass. I knew she was catching on so I parted her ass cheeks and pressured the head of my cock into her ass. There was so much KY that I easily slid into her and made her scream. I wasn't sure if it was out of pain or pleasure so I waited a moment for what I thought was the inevitable "Get Out!" but it never came. She just moaned and fingered her pussy faster. 

I was overcome with the need to come again, so I fucked her tight, virgin ass fast and hard. Pulling at her hair and smacking her ass cheeks as hard as I could in an effort to be as dirty and raunchy as possible. Just when I thought I was going to have to slow down to catch my breath, I heard her say "Oh my god, oh my god! Do not stop. I'm going to cum. Oh baby, oh my god. Fuck my ass harder, I'm cumming!!"

I began slamming my entire dick as far into her ass as I could. The harder I fucked, the more she screamed out in pleasure and the more intense her orgasm got.

"FUCK! I'm still cumming", she screamed five minutes later as I ran my fingers roughly down her back. "Cum in my ass baby. I want your whole load in my ass, please!"

"Oh god" I said as I started to blow. "I'm cumming too!"

"Yes! More, baby, fuck my ass as hard as you can. Fill me up with so much that I can taste it" she said to me. Then she looked over her shoulder and said, "Oh wait, the taste is because I swallowed your load earlier, oh well, good thing I love the taste of your cum." 

As I slowed down, spent from the most intense sex I had ever had, we melted into each other. Curling up together, my half erect dick now back in her pussy, we slept. Dreaming of what tomorrow would bring...