 I'd known him forever. We shared a meeting here and a cup of coffee there. We'd had long conversations and comfortable silences. We'd served on the Board of Director's together, shivered in the cold, serving coffee and cookies to weary travelers. Any number of things, we'd done it together, or at least as a team.

One day, a few months, my stereo went out in my Rodeo. I knew he fiddled with electronics, and that he had an awesome stereo system in both his home and his car. So I got a new stereo, and went to him to ask if he would install it for me. I even offered to pay. He waved me off on that, and asked for my keys. I handed them over, and followed him out to my car to keep him company, or hand him a screwdriver if he needed me to.

In just minutes, he had the old one out, and was sliding the new one in. The speakers were still good, so he just reconnected them, and slid his tall body out of my car. 

Dusty is 6ft 6, lean, not especially handsome, but for some reason, I suddenly found myself intensely attracted to him. Even his tattoo's, which I normally don't like, seemed attractive. He handed me my keys, and I stood on tiptoe to hug him, throwing my arms around his neck. "Come here," I whispered, pulling his large head down to kiss him on the mouth. 

His arms went around me to hug me back, and I think he was just expecting a peck on the cheek, because when my mouth touched his, he sort of stiffened up a little. Pulling back when I ended the ten second kiss, he had a questioning look in his eyes. 

Slowly, hesitantly, he lowered his head back down for a second kiss, testing the waters. Not thinking of the consequences, I tightened my hold around his neck, pressing my body into his, and with a tiny moan, opened my lips for his tongue to enter.

There we were, on the busy downtown street, kissing wildly, exploring each other's mouths, completely oblivious to our surroundings, or the fact that any of our friends might come upon us, while entering the coffee shack.

His large hands, easily as big as two of mine, spanned my waist, and began exploring my backside. Gripping my bottom, he pulled my lower section into him, and with a start, I realized that he was extremely hard! 

Someone drove by and honked, then called out the window, "Get a room!"

We pulled apart slowly, looking into one another's brown eyes. "Wow," he said, straightening back up to his full height. "What brought that on?"

I shrugged my shoulders, and replied honestly, "I really don't know." My heart was beating wildly, and when he touched my cheek softly with his knuckles, my stomach did flip flops. I really didn't intend on kissing him at all, it just sort of happened. I knew he had a wife, but all of a sudden, I just had to have him! What he said next sealed our fate. 

"Do you want to go someplace else?" he asked softly. I nodded. My apartment was only a few blocks away. I told him where, and got in my car and left. He went back in, and got his belongings. I was waiting in the parking lot when he pulled in, and led the way to my apartment. Once inside, he looked around, and said, "Nice place."

I turned to him, suddenly a little nervous. He towered over me, even though I am pretty tall for a woman. I liked that. Most men were level with me, at 5 foot 10. Dusty made me feel petite. He stepped closer to me, and took me in his arms. "I've always thought you were the prettiest girl around," then he took possession of my mouth again.

Our kiss was even more intense than the one we had shared earlier on the street. I couldn't believe I was standing here, about to have sex with somebody else's husband! A twinge of guilt began to seep in, and I pulled away. "Dusty? What about Eileen?" 

He sighed, and led me over to the sofa and pulled me down next to him. "Hon, Eileen is with her husband."

I was shocked! They had just gotten married, although it was not a legal marriage. I didn't quite understand how it worked totally, but there was a ceremony, and rings exchanged, but no marriage certificate to formalize the union. I didn't know if I could respect that or not, but it was definitely unusual. He then explained that her husband had been there at the ceremony, and given her away. Theirs was an open marriage, and he was okay with Dusty being a part of Eileen's life. It was all too weird for me, but I felt better knowing I wasn't about to hurt someone.

His hand began traveling up the outside of my leg, and he had one arm around me. As his hand flew up my side, he leaned in to start kissing me again. Again I pulled away. "Not here. Lets go to my bed." 

I led him by the hand to my bedroom, and once inside, kicked off my sneakers, then started unbuttoning my shirt. He brushed my hands aside, and took over the task, while I started in on his jeans. I pulled his T-shirt out of his jeans, and started lifting it up. He stopped with the buttons to help me lift it over his head. 

His torso was long, his chest wide and muscular. He had a Legend of Zelda tattoo! I laughed and kissed it. That was one of my favorite video games of all time, and his as well. I dragged my lips over to his right nipple, and began licking it. He moaned, and his nipple hardened immediately. 

I licked it, and blew cool air on it, watching it stiffen even more. Then he moved to its twin on the left. My hands went up, caressing his shoulders, as he removed my shirt, and unfastened the front clasp of my bra. 

He pushed the material aside, and bent his head to do the same to my nipples, kneading the soft mounds of flesh as well. He surprised me by biting on my hardened nipples, causing me to get goose bumps. I gasped and clutched his head closer to my breasts. 'Oh God, I love that!" I said, and began biting on his neck. I hate hickeys, so refrained from sucking on his neck, but his ears were fair game! 

We kissed, licked and nipped on all the available flesh, and had to shed more clothes to find uncharted territory. He lay me down on the bed, and slowly unsnapped my jeans one button at a time. He planted kisses in the V of my pants, licking my tummy where the top of my panties lay. My breath caught in my throat, my heart racing double time. His fingers hooked under the band of my jeans and panties.

"Lift," he whispered. I lifted my behind, and he pulled them off my ass, and down my long thighs. I was suddenly naked in front of him, but no longer nervous at all! I watched his face, as he took in the sight of my body. I am not a little girl. I have full curves, and a pudgy belly, and very large breasts, with thick thighs. Nothing showed in his eyes except lust. 

His hands ran up the length of my inner thighs, spreading them and the kissing, licking and nibbling began anew. Shivers ran through my body as he worked his way up my thighs. He blew hot and cold, here and there. I felt my juices bubble up between my pussy lips and escape. He saw the bubble pop and glisten on my plump pussy lips. I swear he growled as he drove his tongue into my wet pussy, assaulting my throbbing clit with his long tongue. He lapped at me like a thirsty dog, over and over. 

I brought my knees up, which allowed me to spread my legs wider for him. He parted my hairless lips with his fingers, and latched onto my huge clit, sucking it deep into his mouth. His tongue flicked my clit as he sucked on it like a baby does a bottle. 

I could feel the blood rushing through my body, as my orgasm built up. I began panting, and clutching the blanket below me in my fists. My hips began bucking up into his mouth, grinding my clit on his face. His mouth hung on for the bumpy ride, never easing up. He thrust his middle finger inside me, deep and hard. I bucked even harder. 

He added another finger, and stretched me open further, as his fingers were long and thick. I moaned in passion, and thrashed on the bed, helpless to stop the wave that was quickly approaching. "Dusty, oh baby, I'm going to come! Don't stop!"

He told me to come in his mouth, and began to finger fuck me harder and faster. As his fingers hit my G-spot, I screamed! My whole body shook and my knees got weak, and finally, I stiffened up, lifting my ass up high off the bed. His fingers kept fucking me, and as I felt myself beginning to let loose, he withdrew his fingers and planted his open mouth over my entire pussy. My juices flooded out of my body in a gush, thick creamy come coating his tongue and face. He lapped them up with his tongue, sucking my hole for all he was worth. I let my death grip in his hair loosen, and finally, I could take no more lapping and eased my pussy away from his mouth, and sat up.

"Holy- shit!" I laughed breathlessly. Then I brought his head up level with mine and kissed him full on the mouth, tasting my juices on his lips and tongue. "Thank you Dusty, that was awesome!"

He got up on the bed, and sat next to me. He told me I tasted so sweet, and we kissed and caressed one another for a minute or two, but then I wanted to taste him! I pushed him back on the bed, kissing my way down his stomach, dipping my tongue in the divot of his belly button, and swirling it around. 

When I reached his jeans, they were already unbuttoned, and I looked up at him and smiled. "Lift!" We shucked his jeans in record time, and I sat there staring at the thickest cock and balls I'd seen in a long time, possibly the biggest ever. He was a good seven inches, but the girth is what had my eyes widening with lust!

"Wow!" I took it in my hand, hot, hard and throbbing. This was going to be a challenge.

I looked at him, and lowered my head to his cock and kissed the head, licking the droplet of pre-cum that graced the tip. I started with his balls first, licking and sucking them into my mouth. This drove him crazy, and his cock twitched in response. I rolled those heavy orbs around in my hand, loving the weight and feel of them, as my mouth moved higher, licking and sucking on the bulging shaft. His hand was in my hair, caressing the silky strands as I moved over him. 

Once I was at the top, I licked the head until I had it shiny and wet, swirling my tongue around and around the tip. His legs moved now and then, tightening and relaxing. I worked his cock into my mouth inch by inch, slowly wetting as much of it as I could. My lips were stretched wide and thin around his meat, and I know that I had never felt as full as this! Up and down I bobbed, his glistening rod getting wetter and wetter, and with each down stroke, I took more of him into my mouth.

"Oh shit baby, take it! Take it all." he begged. I was trying my best, and was determined to do just that. I had most of it in my mouth when he hit the back of my throat. There were still a couple inches left until my nose would be buried in his pubes! I tried to force it down my throat, but it locked up on me tight as a drum. So I bobbed up and down a few more times, before trying again. This time, I relaxed my throat, and he slid in.

"Jesus girl, you did it! Oh that feels so fucking good!" he threw his head back and relaxed as I worked his cock in and out of my tight throat. Pre-cum was oozing from the head, coating the back of my throat, making entry into the tight depths easier. Soon I deep throated him with ease, my fingers continued to play with his balls, and I could feel them tighten up, ready to shoot his load into my mouth. 

"I'm going to cum baby. If you don't want to swallow it, you'd better take it out!" he warned me. I moaned on his throbbing cock, and sucked it deeper into my mouth. I wanted to taste his cum, so I didn't take it back into my throat.

Instead, I stroked his lower shaft with my hand, working my mouth on the upper half. "Come in my mouth, Dusty. I want to taste you too." I begged. 

This set him off, and he yelled out that he was Cumming as the first burst of semen hit the roof of my mouth. I held my head still, my mouth wrapped around his pulsing head, burst after burst of cum shooting from the slit into my waiting mouth. I swallowed it all, and stroked him from base to tip, milking every drop from his balls.

When no more cum could be coaxed from his cock, I licked him clean until he couldn't take anymore. He pulled me up to lay next to him, in his arms. He stroked my hair, and tilted my face up for a kiss. "You are wonderful. No one has ever taken all of me before."

We lay together for a long time, each of us getting over our intense orgasms, and finally drifted off to sleep for a bit in one another's arms.