 The figure slowly entered into the room. Quietly, she slipped off her shoes and closed the door behind her. She grinned and snuck closer to the sleeping figure that was lying in the bed. She placed her bag down by the bed and stripped off her long black trench coat. Underneath she was naked. Standing at the side of the bed, looking down at the face, she bit her lip and looked at him in desire. Her hand slowly traveled down her naked, warm body and traveled down to beneath her legs. Touching herself, she gasped and bit her lip harder, keeping herself from moaning because of how wet she was. The man rolled over onto his back and fell back to sleep. She pulled her hand away from between her legs and pulled back the covers all the way down to his feet. He was just wearing boxers. She sat down on the edge of the bed and placed her hand on his penis outside of the boxers. She outlined the soft delight with her fingertips. He moaned and moved his hips just a bit. The penis started to twitch to life. She quickly pulled off his boxers and strattled him. Leaning down, she kissed his mouth and then traveled downwards to his penis, which was growing larger. She took it into her hands and wrapped her mouth around it and started moving up and down, trying to get the penis as big as it can go. He moaned and opened his eyes and looked at her. She looked back at him and lifted her head away from him.

"Hey," She said in a soft voice.

"Hey yourself" his voice was breathless. She replaced her mouth and started moving faster and faster. He closed his eyes and leaned back moaning. He grabbed the back of her head and forced her head to move faster and faster. 

"I'm going to cum..." He moaned. She stopped what she was doing and lifted her head. She grinned at him and then started kissing and licking with her tongue all the way up his body. She nibbled at his ear and kidded him deeply on the mouth. He moaned and kissed her back with great force. She rolled off of him and lay next to him. She nibbled at his neck and ear as one of her hands reached down and started giving him a hand job. He moaned and groaned. He then rolled her over and rolled on top of her. He pinned down her arms with his hands and looked into his eyes. She gave him a devilish look. He kissed her deeply on the mouth and then traveled down her neck. He took a breast into one of his hands and started sucking on the nipple. She moaned and moved her hips a bit. He grinned and traveled down further. She pushed herself up further on the bed and opened her legs wider. He kissed all the way down her body until he got to her pussy. Looking at it, he could tell that she was really wet. Almost dripping and he hadn’t even touched her yet. He placed a finger in and moved it just a little bit. Juices started coming out just a little bit and she groaned happily from the bed. 

“I love it when your clean shaven" He whispered and closed his eyes. He teased her a bit with his finger but then replaced it with his tongue. He stuck it as far in as he could and moved it around a bit. She moaned happily and grabbed the back to his head with her hands. He moved his tongue in and out, faster and faster. The faster he moves, the more she moaned and the more juices that came out. He took out his tongue and licked up most of the juices. He replaced his finger and teased her as he moved up her body. She couldn't take it anymore. She rolled him on his back and straddled him. She lowered herself onto him and his very hard penis slid right into her very wet pussy. They both moaned she started moving up and down, faster and faster. They both pumped away for just a bit when she admitted that she was about to go. He quickly rolled her over onto her back and pumped himself into her. They both screamed when he empted into her. She moaned when she went. He slowed down and lay on top of her. She stroked the back of his head and breathed deeply. He pulled back to see her face and grinned.

"Nice of you to visit me from college Anne," Rob said

"Glad that you missed me." Anne grinned back and kissed him deeply.

THE END