 Justin had begun to feel a great deal of tension in his hamstrings and abs after a week of particularly hard work-outs. He was looking forward to the skilled hands of a masseuse working it out. He was pleased to see a very attractive woman call him back from the waiting room. She was fit, blonde, and had generous breasts and a round, pert butt that were highlighted by her tight, white yoga pants and cropped white camisole. 

"So, go ahead and get undressed, cover yourself with this towel, and lay on your stomach. Let me know when you're ready."

Justin did as he was instructed, and called for the masseuse after he laid on the table. 

"My name is Monica. So what are your problem areas today?" 

"Well, my hamstrings have been really tight, and my abs have been pretty sore." Monica acknowledged his issues as she dripped some warm oil on the backs of his thighs. Her skilled hands worked the backs of his thighs, much to Justin's pleasure. The pressure on the knots in his legs was so satisfying. 

Justin's heart began to beat a little faster as he felt her fingertips brush against the head of his cock as they traveled up to the tops of his legs, moving from the inner to the outer thighs. He thought it was surely an accident. Nevertheless, he inadvertently began to harden. The accidently brushing of her fingertips a few more times did not help him will his erection away. He thought for sure the tip of his cock would be more and more exposed. 

Justin could not help but fantasize about fucking Monica. Her tight body alone turned him on. Her hands on his body teasing his cock intensified his fantasy. Her hands moved up to massage the bottom of his butt, occasionally traveling back down to the tops of the back of his thighs. 

"Ok! Let's turn you over and work on your chest and those abs." 

Justin's face grew hot as he realized how hard his cock was and how she surely would be able to see it underneath the towel. He turned over any way and she repositioned the town over his groin. He was, in fact, raising the towel with his hard cock. 

"I'm so sorry." He said sheepishly. Monica smiled. "Oh don't worry about it! It happens all the time." 

Monica started just above his knees. His erection started to resolve itself as she ran her hands over his thighs. She moved to his shoulders and chest. 

"I can tell that you work out. You should take it easier though, you are very tense." He didn't say anything as her hands ran over his chest, and down toward his abs. She stood above his head and her breasts dropped closer to his face as her fingertips moved closer to the area beneath his belly button that has always been quite a bit more sensitive. He fantasized about lifting his tongue to meet her nipples, and then noticed his cock was getting harder again, and fast. He thought that her hands would stop or come back to his mid-section, but in fact they travelled even lower, brushing over the shaft of his cock, this time clearly deliberately. 

"Oh...Um...Wow..." he said, as her hand gradually moved over the shaft of his cock to stroke it. "I didn't...I mean..." he stammered.

"Oh...did you not know-" Monica asked, almost embarrassed.

"Well...no, but...I mean..."

"Are you comfortable with this?" She asked as her stroking became a little more deliberate.

"Yes...mmmm. yes that feels good. Please don't stop." 

Monica moved away and closer to his cock so that she could better move her hands over it. After he became very hard, she lifted the towel and lowered her mouth onto his cock. Justin moaned as he ran his hand up her neck, into her hair, and pulled it into a pony tail. He guided her head up and down his cock as he moaned his approval. 

"Will you take off your clothes?" Justin asked. 

"Of course." she agreed, stepping away and peeling off her tight clothes, revealing a tight, athletic body. His cock twitched as he thought about how much he wanted to plunge his cock into her. As she began to suck his cock again, Justin's hand traveled down her back to find her wet pussy. His fingers explored her clit and the inside of her pussy. Judging by the sounds of her moans, humming with his cock in her mouth, he responded by moving his fingers in and out, and around in circles. "Mmmmm," she responded, "You're distracting me." 

"Come here." he directed her as he guided her onto his face into a 69 position. His tongue flicked over her clit. He could tell she enjoyed it and felt her mouth trying to maintain even strokes on his cock, despite experiencing the pleasure of his mouth.  

"I want to fuck you so bad. Does this include full service?" He asked. 

"Of course. Please fuck me." Dan directed her to sit on his cock. He gripped her waist and guided her up and down on him. "Mmm." he moaned. "You feel so good. You're pussy is so tight." he said as he raised his hips up and down to get deeper into her pussy. Her breathing became labored and her cries became louder as he quickened his pace and brought her to an orgasm. "Mmm, fuck..." Justin said breathlessly. He then stood by the table and bent her over it, wasting no time to thrust his cock into her awaiting, wet pussy. He pumped in and out of her, occasionally reaching around to play with her clit. "Oh my God, fuck me harder. Please fuck me harder." Justin obliged and pounded his cock into her as hard as he could. She screamed as she gripped the side of the table and orgasmed again. 

Justin lifted her to her feet, turned her to face him, and slammed her against the wall. He placed his hands behind her thighs and lifted her, allowing her legs to wrap around his waist, suspending her above the group, pinning her against the wall. He entered har, and placed on hand against the wall.

Monica wrapped her arms around Justin and gripped his back, feeling his rippling muscles as he forced himself into her again and again. Justin moaned and roughly kissed her neck and collar bone, occasionally moving his lips to hers, exploring her mouth with his tongue. 

Justin withdrew his cock, let her feet touch the ground and forcefully turned her to face the wall. He shoved his cock into her wet pussy again, pumping in and out. THey moaned together as Monica was sent into another intense orgasm, her juices flowing all iver Justin's cock as her pussy contracted around him. 

Justin gripped her waist and spun her around. He pushed her back to the table and lifted her to lay on her back. He opened her legs, placed them on his shoulders, and slid his cock into her one more time. He could feel her pussy get wetter by the second, and he could feel himself getting closer to cumming. 

"Oh my God I love your cock!" 

"Yeah, you like that?" He asked as he pumped harder."

"Yes! Yes! Oh God, you're going to make me cum again."

"Cum for me baby..." he whispered. He held himself off long enough to let her cum first, then after one more thrust, he pulled out and directed her to get on her knees and open her mouth. She did as she was told, but took his entire cock in her mouth. She sucked on his hard and made him cum. She swallowed every bit of his cum as he groaned and gripped a handful of hair. 

"Mmmmm...I love how you taste..." Monica purred as she looked up at him and wiped a drop of his cum off her lip. Breathless, Justin leaned against the table. Monica rose to her feet and leaned over to whisper in his ear. "Come back any time, I will give you a good discount if you fuck me just like that again." 

Without another word, she pulled on her clothes and left the room. Justin did indeed plan on coming back.