 *** This is my first story in probably 5 years, maybe more. Hope it's a good one. ;) ****



I was on my way home from a local concert at a bar. I'd had a decent time, knocked back a few drinks. It was dark and a little chilly and I was regretting wearing the skirt and tank top I had chosen earlier in the evening. 

I cut through a side alley behind some stores that had been closed for the night. There wasn't many streetlights and my pace sped up subconciously. I was about halfway through when I was grabbed from behind and hauled back in the shadow of a back door. 

My attacker covered my mouth and whispered in my ear,"We're gonna have a little fun and then you can be on your way. If you want things to go bad feel free to not cooperate." 

I am a pretty tall girl; 5'8 and a good bit of muscle if I do say so myself. But this guy was definitely over 6 feet and way more muscle. I entertained the notion of fighting but figured if I could get out of here alive, that'd be the best option.

When he felt I wasn't going to put up a fight he turned me around and pushed down on my shoulders until I was kneeling. I looked up trying to get a look at his face to tell the police later, but he has chosen his place well. There was no light except from a distant streetlight. 

"Ok then, open my pants bitch," he said with a laugh. I slowly undid the button and slid down the zipper. I could feel his already hard cock behind his underwear.

When I was done with that he pushed his crotch in his face,"Come on, you know what to do next."

As I reached in his boxers to grab his cock I could feel my pussy start getting wet. I kept telling myself it was wrong to be turned on, but I hadn't had sex for a year and my pussy was aching.

I pulled out his dick to find it was pretty long, 8 inches was my guess and definitely very thick. My hand just barely fit around it. My pussy gushed at this realization.

I slid my mouth over the plump head. That's the only word to describe it. It was so perfect that my mouth was watering as the head slipped past my lips. I hoped I hadn't lost my cock sucking skills. I don't want to say I was amazing, but I'd never had any complaints and definitely got a few compliments. They quickly came back and I slid as much in my mouth as I could. My mouth was open pretty wide around the thickness. His hips jerked forward to shove more in. Finally my face was completely in his groin and I slowly pulled my mouth off. I wanted to spend some time sucking that delicious head and so I did.

I was a little worried he'd want a quick mouth fuck but he let me do some deep sucking to the head while I slowly jerked him off with my hands. Then I started working my mouth back down and up, taking a little more in each time until he was all in again. Then he did start fucking my mouth, slowly at first.

During this time he'd been groaning and holding my head lightly. Now as he started fucking my mouth more forcefully he started talking, "Yeah bitch, that's so fucking good. I knew as soon as I saw you that you would be a good cocksucker."

My mouth was starting to hurt a little but my pussy at this point was so wet and aching that I was enduring the pain more than normal. When he started to go faster and I knew he was probably going to finish in my mouth, I couldn't let that happen. Before he could grab my head and keep my mouth on his cock, I pulled away and blurted out really fast,"Please don't cum in my mouth. I haven't been fucked in so long and I really need it. Can you fuck me?"

I couldn't believe what I was saying but my pussy seemed to have control of my mouth at the moment and it wanted to be filled.

He paused in trying to shove his cock back in my mouth and laughed,"Well, well, you're not only a bitch but a slut too? I guess I can indulge your wish. Can't say I never denied a pussy that wanted fucked. Get up slut and turn around and put your hands against that wall."

I did as he said quickly, excited for what was about to happen. I needed this so bad. He flipped my skirt up over my butt and reached in to rub my pussy from behind through my black cotton panties.

He nudged my legs apart as he teased me. He found my clit through the panties and very lightly with just enough pressure for me to feel it, started rubbing my clit. I moaned and moved my legs further apart.

"Damn you little slut, you are so ready for my big hard cock aren't you?"

I didn't answer, moving my hips to get him to put more pressure. When he didn't get a reply he slapped my clit,"Answer me bitch, unless you don't want fucked."

My voice was breathless as I said,"Yes, I'm so ready for you to fuck me with that big cock."

He laughed,"Ok then, take those panties off and get back into position."

I moved the fastest I can ever remember and was back with my hands against the wall, my ass in the air and my legs as far apart as I could get them.

He reached back down and grabbed my clit with force all of a sudden. I flinched but my pussy also gushed at the contact. He slid 2 fingers in my hole and groaned,"Damn bitch, you're so tight. You weren't lying about it being a long time. I can't wait to force my cock in your little hole."

All I could do was moan, I was so far gone.

His hand disappeared and the next moment his cock rammed it's way into my pussy. It was such a surprise but felt so good. It hurt a little, his cock was definitely very thick and I could feel it forcing my hole open, but the same thing that made it hurt made it feel so amazing.

He grabbed my hips and started slamming his cock in and out of my pussy and I could only hang on for the ride against the wall. My pussy was throbbing from the intrusion and kept up a steady gush of juices. It seemed to go on forever, which was impressive since he had been close to cumming when I was sucking his cock. My 36 C tits bounced inside my shirt with the force of his thrusts.

He let go with one hand and the other become a bruising grip to keep his fast, hard pace as his other hand slid around the front and started pulling at my clit. The double pleasure was such an overload on my body that out of nowhere my orgasm hit me. My pussy flooded his cock with juices and it was all I could do to keep my legs locked as I rode the wave he gave me. 

Then I felt him shove his cock so deep I didn't think it was possible and a warm flood of cum painted my womb. I could only stand there while the pleasure of him cumming in my pussy seemed to consume my lower half.

Fianlly he slowly pulled his dick out and left me standing there with my pussy leaking cum.

I could hear him catching his breath and was pleased he got as much pleasure as I did. 

I was able to turn around and lean against the wall, my pussy tingling and cum leaking onto my thighs.

He got himself together and then looked at me,"I have to say slut, you're a good fuck. Would you be up for some more fucking tomorrow night?"

Even though I was sated for the moment, at his words my pussy started throbbing and I gasped out,"That'd be awesome." Thinking of another round of his big cock shoved deep inside me.

I could feel him grin,"Ok then, meet me back here tomorrow night, 11." I'll have a surprise for you."

After I murmured that I would he walked away and disappeared around a corner. I stood there a few more minutes and reached down to feel his cum. Then I walked home, eager for the next night.