 It was another sweltering day, and I was thankful for the bit of shade on the small porch as I stood there, cooler in hand and rang the doorbell. The door opened, and I could see her through the screen, standing there in tight little denim shorts and a very light striped top with tiny little straps that was not quite long enough to cover all of her nearly flat tummy. "Hi, Lisa," I said, "I brought back the cooler I borrowed from your folks."

She opened the door and two things caught my eye immediately. One was a little gleam in her eyes that I hadn't seen there before. The other was the fact that she wasn't wearing a bra...first time I'd seen her like that since she started needing one. I tried my best to notice more of the first, but my eyes kept darting to the second, the hard little nipples pushing against and almost through the stretchy material. She smiled, and maybe almost winked...I wasn't sure...and said, "thanks...it belongs back here..." and turned to walk to the back of the house. I watched as her light brown hair swung just a little against her neck, and stared at the perfectly shaped ass as it moved in time with her step. Eventually I realized she was moving, and started to follow her, banging the cooler into the countertop as we passed through the kitchen.

We stepped out on to the patio, and she smiled and pointed to a spot next to the other cooler. "I'll tell them that you brought it back" , she said. 

"They're not home?" I asked. "I thought they had today off."

"They have tomorrow off. It's just me today," and she smiled, and I swear almost winked at me again. "Would you like something to drink?"

"Yeah, as hot as it is, iced tea would be great." Again I watched her ass walk away from me, back in the house and into the kitchen. She walked to cupboard, and stretched upward on her tiptoes, and the shorts rode up to show the bottom of her cheeks. Suddenly I was VERY thirsty. She turned back to look at me, smiled and said, "these stupid new shelves...they're too high. Can you reach those two glasses for me?"
 She didn't move, and I had to reach up and over her. I tried not to make contact...I really did...but I kind of brushed the front of me against her back as I got the glasses and handed them to her. She smiled, and said, "thanks...I stopped growing just a little bit too soon, huh?" I quickly looked away and mumbled, "yeah, I guess so." After all, her parents would NOT be pleased to see me drooling over their little only child, even if she was 18 and about to leave home.

"When to you leave for school?," I asked, hoping to change the subject. "In 4 weeks," she smiled, and opened the fridge. She bent over, glanced back at me, and there was NO mistaking the wink this time. She took out the pitcher and turned and closed the door. She filled both glasses with ice from the ice maker in the door, and poured the tea. She took one glass and slowly rubbed the bottom of it across her bare shoulders and upper chest. Little droplets of condensation stayed in streaks across her milky white skin, and I knew that what I had been seeing had NOT been my imagination. "Here you go," she said, smiling...."let's go sit on the couch for a bit." And walked away once more....turned to look over her shoulder, and smiled a wicked little smile. I had to take a BIG gulp of tea just to be able to breathe, and I followed her in to the living room.

She sat down and crossed her legs, and put her bare feet on the coffee table. I sat next to her and took another long drink. She smiled again, took a small drink, and let just a little tea dribble onto her chin. She took one finger, and slowly wiped it up and put her finger in her mouth. Her cheeks sucked in just slightly and she winked at me again. "Do you have any idea how long I've waited for a day like this?," she said softly? I shook my head no, unable to say anything. "Since about four years ago...but I knew you'd be in big trouble if I told you then. I've just been waiting...and now it's okay" and she set down her glass. She put both hands behind my neck and pulled herself to me and kissed me...soft and sweet and nice. She tasted a bit minty, and her tongue and lips were very soft.

"Your folks won't come home for lunch or anything?" I whispered, and she closed her eyes and smiled and shook her head no. I kissed her again...more urgently this time...and ran my hands through her medium length light brown hair. We kept kissing...tongues interplaying...and my hands unconsciously moved down to her back. I ran my hands over her back, feeling her arch toward me. Then she stopped, moved my hands away, and said, "wait," and pulled her top off over her head. She revealed the loveliest little breasts I had ever seen...small, round, just big enough to hang a slight bit, and her nipples were bigger than I would have guessed and as hard as could be. I leaned over and cradled one breast in my hand, and took her nipple into my mouth. She moaned as I sucked on it, ran my tongue around and around it, and nibbled it oh so gently with my teeth. "Oh, god, that's wonderful...suck my titties" and I repeated the process with the other. She arched backwards as if she were trying to force it farther into my mouth. I tongued and sucked on one as my fingers mimicked my mouth on the other. Her breathing was fast and shallow. I'm not sure if I even remembered to breathe!

I stopped, waited until she opened her eyes, and said, "first?" She closed them again and nodded her head yes. I said softly, "take off your shorts," and she stood and obliged. Her little triangle of dark pubic hair was a perfect shape naturally. I gently helped her sit down, and kneeled, spreading her legs apart. "I think you'll like this," I said, and started kissing the insides of her thighs. I kissed and licked, slowly working my way up to her crotch. I pushed her legs just a little bit farther apart, and licked at her little opening. She gasped and made a soft little moaning sound. I moved my tongue slowly around her pussy, in a circle, and felt her push against my face slightly. I changed directions and went around a few more times. Then my tongue moved upwards, and found her clit. This time a BIG gasp, and a little scream "oh, god, YES." My tongue moved up and down, and back and forth against her clit, and her breathing grew faster and heavier. Her moans, wordless, grew louder. I gently slid a finger inside her pussy and moved it back and forth as my tongue worked faster. She started thrusting herself against me, her moans growing louder, and finally she was screaming, "yes, yes, yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!" She bucked, arched her back, and fell backwards against the couch, eyes closed. I laid my cheek on her thigh and looked up at her face, waiting for her to catch her breath. She opened her eyes, and I smiled. "you liked that"? She couldn't speak, but nodded yes, eyes closing again.

I stood up, and pulled my shirt off over my head. I reached for my shorts, but she interrupted me. "May I try?," she said, and I nodded and smiled. She unbuttoned the top button and pulled out the zipper tab...then took the tab between her teeth and pulled slowly downward. She then took her hands, put then against the top of my ass, and pulled my shorts and underwear down to my ankles. I stepped out of them, and she tentatively cupped my balls in her hand. "I've only watched someone do this once," she said softly, and I smiled and said, "that's okay...you'll do fine." And she softly kissed the top of my hard cock. She opened her lips a little, and slowly slid the head in. I moaned, both in the pleasure of the sensation and the visual pleasure of seeing those young lips enclose my cock. She slowly slid a little more in, then back out. I could tell she was experimenting with her tongue and her lips and suction. It was incredible...for a first time, she was very creative and doing quite well. She tried to take it all the way in, and began to gag a little. She pulled it out, and looked up at me. "Sorry," she said. "Sweet one, it's okay...you're doing wonderfully." She nodded and smiled at my approval. She began again, and I knew that she had found what she liked most and what worked best for me. Her head began bobbing up and downward, faster and more frantic, and I knew it was about over. "Lisa, I'm going to...," and she put her palm upwards, as if to say stop, and moaned, "uh, huh" without ever stopping. Finally I came...several long hot spurts clear into her throat. "Oh, goooooddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd" I moaned, and she kept bobbing. She swallowed, once, twice, a third and fourth and fifth time...and eventually her bobbing slowed and finally came to a stop. She finally let go of my cock, and looked back up at me with those heavenly gray eyes and smiled. "Was that okay?," she asked, and I closed my eyes and nodded. "Good" she said. I gently ran my hands through her hair as she gave my balls a soft little lick and a kiss.

I pulled her to her feet and looked into her eyes. "There's a lot more than just that, you know," and she closed her eyes and nodded yes again. "My parents will be home tomorrow, and I'm at work...but they're both leaving for the weekend." My heart leapt, and I smiled...and she smiled back, and we both started laughing...