 We had a pact that we would let each other fuck each other, using our brain to device the fuck while our organs did the rest.

Since we had exchanged house keys and I had completed a series of imaginative fuck sessions with Tara, I knew that Tara would hit back soon. She had often said “You make me love myself. You fuck me with such abandon that I love being a woman. I really want you to enjoy me as much as you want”.

In this particularly lazy weekend, when Tara was out on work outside Calcutta, I was simply wasting my time and thinking of what we would have done if she were in town.

As the day wore on, I bought some food and ate at home. Since maid servant would clean up the dishes the next day, I kept the dirty dishes in the sink and prepared to retire for the day.

Since fucking was in, shagging was out. No matter how randy I was, I would not shag. I would call Tara and tell her “I am coming over - _ want to fuck you”. And she would do the same.

By 10.30 I must have fallen off to sleep.

At around 11.30 PM, I heard some peculiar sound. I thought somebody was walking around the house. I told myself that I must be dreaming and turned over and tried to sleep.

Suddenly I felt that the noise was near. I was about to get up and switch on the light, when I heard a voice saying “Don’t move”. 

It was Tara!!!!!

I asked “Tara is that you?”.

She barked “Shut up”.

I felt a cold metal against my temple. She said “If you move I will kill you”.

“Put your hands up and keep them there”.

I was scared. I put my hands up. I felt a cord being wrapped around my wrists and being tied to the bed post above.

I told myself “Shit, I am in trouble”.

Once my hands were tied, the voice said “You are fucking Tara all the time. Now you will be fucked till you are satisfied”.

Then she slowly popped open each of my sleeping shirts buttons and spread the shirt wide open.

She leant down and started to slowly lick my chest and swirling the ornamental vestiges of my nipples. It felt nice. My nipples were getting hard.

While she was doing that, her hand was straying under my pajamas. 

I went on thinking, who is this girl. I don’t fuck any one other than Tara. What if she has aids??

Soon she had lowered my pajama. She pulled down my boxer shorts.

My dick must have jumped out.

She pulled off the pajama and the shorts.

She then continued to lick and kiss my face, chest and her hand would go on straying over my dick.

After some time, she caught my ankles and spread my legs a little wide.

Another rope came out. Each of my ankles were tied with the rope and the rope tied to the bedpost below.

I was helpless now.

She suddenly changed her position and started to kiss my balls and caress my dick.

She got up and walked away. She went to the dressing table and picked up a bottle. 

I could smell the moisturizing lotion. She slopped some on her palms and started to apply the cream over my dick. Pulling the skin back and applying it more and more on my expose glans.

It was very pleasurable. I was moaning and moving up and down and pleading, “Please shag me”.

She continued with her efforts. The moment I would appear to start to come, she would stop and let the throbbing of my dick to slow down.

After bringing me to the brink of cumin many times, she lowered through my legs and started to lick my dick. 

After a while she popped my dick into her mouth and started to take her mouth up and down. At the same time her hands played with my balls.

Soon I could take it no more and I came into her mouth with a shuddering climax.

She swallowed the cum. 

Then she released my legs and said “Let me now jack you off”.

I said “No. I have just come”.

She said “Shut up or I will jack you 100 times more, till your dick falls off”.

She caught my dick and started to shag me quite hard. It was hurting. I made noises to tell her that it was hurting. She said, “It hurts – eh?”.

Her masterful technique of shagging had its results soon.

I was nearly exhausted.

She untied my hands and said “Get onto the floor on all fours”.

I said “What will you do?”

She answered “Just you see”.

I did as she ordered.

She took a position slightly below my raised torso and started to suck and shag my dick.

This was painful now. I pleaded with her “This hurts”.

She kept suck and making noises as if she was enjoying the matter more and more.

Soon on hearing her noises, clearly of her having an orgasm, I came.

I collapsed on the floor.

She pulled my hand up and moved me to the bed and said “You have not as yet started to fuck me”.

She the took out a small can. I could make out it was “Stud”. That is the item that Arabs use to keep their dick up for long.

She roughly pulled my foreskin down and sprayed the matter liberally.

It hurt. I yelled out with pain. She said “Just wait and see what I do to you”.

She went on playing with my dick. Once again it swole up and was throbbing now. I thought “God that spray works”.

She then pulled out a cock ring and applied it on my cock base. She said “Now it wont go down. You are now ready for fucking me for a very long time”.

She got up from the bed and walked to the night lamp and switched it on.

I saw, it was Tara. She was taking her chance. I was happy that it was her.

She quickly lowered her skirt. There was no panty. She tore off her blouse and bra and jumped into bed and said “I want you to fuck me for a hour at least before I release this cock ring. I want you to make me come at least ten times”.

I tried to play with her pussy. She barked “no playing – just fucking”.

I caught her hands and held them down and started to kiss her. She fought back and said “Fuck”.

I took my dick near her pussy and prepared to insert slowly. She raised her bottom and let her pussy grab my dick and she then latched her legs around my waist. The whole dick just pumped in.

She said “Hump me – hard. I need the humping Hard. Hard”.

“I am a whore, punish my pussy with your dick”.

I started to fuck her hard in the missionary position. She started to cry out “Oooooh. Aaaaah. I Love it. Fuck me. Hard. More”.

I less that fine minutes, she came. I had an orgasm, but my dick would not go down.

She said “Dont take it out. Just fuck on till my pussy bleeds”.

I started to hump her again. This time in about three minutes she was screaming “You bastard. I love it. Aaaaaah. Ooooh”.

She said “Just take out your dick and turn me around and fuck me”.

I pulled out my dick and turned her over roughly.

I pulled aside one of her legs and entered her from the side. 

She said “Squeeze my breasts you fool”.

I realized she wanted rough play. I lifted her up and grabbed her breasts and started to squeeze them hard. While my dick went in and out of her pussy. While she had her orgasm pretty quickly. I has a very long orgasm I screamed “Oh I love your pussy”.

I did not let her go. I lifted her torso with one arm around her. That lifted her pussy off the bed and her head was thrown back. I started to suck one breast at a time while my finger was busy finger fucking her.

She had her next orgasm and she went on saying “Don’t finger me. Just fuck me”.

I ordered her “Get onto all fours’ You should be doggy fucked”.

She got off the bed onto her fours. I went behind her and slammed my now paining dick inside. She started to make noises like a bitch would make if she was being fucked.

“Fuck me you dog”.

I was pretty active from behind her.

Suddely she said “No you are not fucking hard enough”.

“Just lie down. I will fuck you now”.

I lay down on the floor. She straddled me and stared to lump up and down with my dick in her pussy. The whole dick was going and coming out till the tip. She came after 20 minutes. I came twice in the middle.

She the lay down exhausted next me and asked “Did you enjoy?”

I said “Yes. But take off that cock ring”.

Tara said “I am not through. You now fuck me the way you would like”.

I asked her to get up and come to the drawing room. She walked there and said “Where?”.

I said “The Single sofa chair”.

She sat down at the edge knowing what I would do. I pusher back and raised her legs one by one onto the hand rests. I strapped her legs into that position. Then pulled her down. Her legs opened wider and wider.

I told her “Put your hands up. I want you as helpless as you can”.

She followed.

I started to play with her clit and the started to lick it and suck it.

When she was hot, I entered her softly and fucked her for about 20 minutes, She must have come three or four times, because she was screaming words of affection then.

I took off the cock ring while fucking and had a massive orgasm and shot off my load inside her.

She calmed down. 

I took off her straps and we proceeded to the bed and lay next to each other discussing what we liked in the fuck the most.

The most amazing part was when she said “I like being fucked mercilessly once in a while. I planned this for long time”.

I asked “Wont your parents ask where you were?”

Tara said “I am returning by tomorrow morning’s flight”.