 It was Friday night, and I hadn't spent more than, oh, say, five minutes without thinking about the events of a few days before with Lisa. It was partly reliving the experiences in my head, and partially in anticipation of the upcoming events of the weekend. 

Will and Donna had been good friends for the longest time. We'd done much together over the past few years. We'd gone to ballgames together, plays, concerts, they'd seen me through my divorce, we laughed and cried together over the joys and tribulations of raising our kids, and now...now I was having sex with their daughter! If they knew, I couldn't imagine they'd be happy about it...but I guess the point was to insure that they didn't know.

When they asked me to give them a ride to the airport, of course I obliged. I pulled up in front of the house and rang the doorbell. Lisa answered, a bit more conservatively dressed than a few days before, and gave me the warmest, loveliest smile. Those gray eyes danced, and she said, "Come on in, I'll tell them you're here." And then she whispered, "Come to the alley?" I smiled back, patted her shoulder, and nodded in agreement.

We carried their bags to the car. As is typical, Will had one small bag and Donna had two large ones for the weekend. We drove the short route to the airport, and I went in with them to wait for their plane. I did this first because they are such fun people to talk and visit and joke with, and secondly because Lisa had asked me to. She needed some time to run to the store for things for dinner. So, I dutifully waited for them to board their plane, watched the plane depart, and somehow managed to keep myself from sprinting back to my car.

I hurriedly stopped at an upscale grocery on the way home, and rushed in to buy a bottle of wine. I wanted something nice, and picked out a nice (I hoped) French wine...something I couldn't pronounce. She'd be able to, I knew, having prepared herself more than adequately to major in languages in college. I drove the remaining blocks, pulled into the alley, and she came out of the house and opened the garage door for me. I pulled in, and she closed the door behind us. I got out and she slipped into my arms and gave me a happy little kiss. "I thought this would be better...didn't want any nosy neighbors to think I had an overnight guest!" I returned the kiss and smiled.

"That looks really cute on you,", I said, referring to the sundress she was wearing. The temperature hadn't cooled off much from earlier in the week, and she dressed appropriately. The sundress was a light blue, and had delicate little flowers of some sort all over it...I'm clueless as to which kind. It set off her beautiful little body quite nicely.

"Thanks, Larry...I had you in mind when I picked it out". I retrieved the bottle of wine from the seat and showed her.

"Oh, this is wonderful. I had this when I was in France. Mom and Dad don't know I drank anything over there, though."

"I don't think you have to worry about that...they're pretty aware of the differences in cultures. I doubt they'd be too upset with you."

She smiled and agreed. Goodness, how that smile of hers melted me! We walked through the backyard and into the house. I put the wine in the refrigerator, and took a deep breath. The aromas were wonderful...she'd obviously gone to a lot of work to prepare a nice meal. 

"You must have learned a lot from watching your dad cook," I said. "This smells and looks wonderful."

"Want to know a secret? You can't tell Daddy I told you this, but I do most of the cooking when company's coming over. He doesn't really do much until people start arriving...then he takes over. I don't mind, actually...I think it's kind of funny."

"Well, you've done well then...I've eaten some pretty great meals here over the past several years." She kissed me lightly on the cheek to say thank you.

We each had a glass of wine while she finished preparing the meal. I couldn't even tell you what it was...it was French food of some kind, and I'm pretty unsophisticated in culinary matters. We sat down and ate, and talked: of school, of my job, how my children were doing, of her travel abroad, of her career plans. We gazed at each other a lot. She was so self-confident for one so young. Most eighteen year olds don't have themselves together so well. Her parents had nothing to fear about her traveling to the other side of the country in a month to go to school.

We both ate our fill...I was careful not to overeat, considering what the rest of the night held in store for us! Dessert was some sort of French pastry...again, I had no clue what it was, but it was delicious. I noticed it was getting dark earlier than it should...storm clouds were rolling in pretty quickly. "Let me help you with the dishes, lovely Lisa," and winked at her. She actually blushed a bit, which made me smile even more. We cleared the table, and loaded the dishwasher. The sky continued to grow darker, and I could see through the kitchen windows that the clouds were growing angry. Just then, the first strike of lightening hit...it was quite some distance away, but it lit up the entire room.

"Oh, I love thunderstorms...let's sit in the living room and watch." I agreed...I love them too. We opened the curtains in the living room and watched the display. Nature had LOTS of energy that night. The strikes began slowly, then picked up in intensity and frequency as they grew closer and closer. Soon they were happening nearly every five seconds, and the sounds were deafening. As she sat on the couch nestled against me, Lisa's breathing was growing more rapid. 

"Not scared, are you?" I asked.

"No, not at all. Big storms like this just...well, EXCITE me...."

And as if on cue, the biggest strike of all...CRACK...hit the transformer in the alley. The flash was blinding, the noise was deafening, and Lisa jumped and grabbed hold of me VERY tightly. "Okay, now I'm scared!", she said, and giggled nervously.

"Me too," I replied. "Wasn't that great?"

"Yes, it was." I could feel her heart pounding against my chest. I just held her tightly to me. 

"Time to go upstairs?" She nodded yes, and pointed to a candle and a box of matches on the end table. I pulled her arms gently from around my neck, rose, and lit the candle. Taking Lisa by the hand, we started up the stairs. I had never been in her bedroom, but I knew where it was.

As the lightning continued, we entered her room. She took the candle from me, and lit about a half dozen candles about her room. From what I could tell, it was a very feminine room. Instead of typical teen idol posters, she had photographs and posters of foreign landscapes and literary settings. And she'd picked up...her parents teasingly gave her a bad time about the state of her bedroom whenever there was an audience. "Did you pick up just for me?", I asked.

"Yes, just for you," she answered with a smile and a light little kiss on the lips. I walked to the window and began to close the curtain. "No, don't," she whispered.

"Why not?"

"Let me show you something." She walked beside me, and pointed to the only house that was visible. "See that house over there?" Something looked vaguely familiar about it. "That's Brenda's house. You remember my friend Brenda?" 

I gulped, but tried to conceal it. "Yes."

She said, "This is going to sound really awful. Brenda has been such a good friend for so long, but she drives me crazy sometimes. She SPIES on me. Honest to god, I can't tell you how many times she's told me what I've just been doing. I think she sits in her bedroom...that's it, there on the left, with the candle burning in the window...with pair of binoculars and WATCHES me. I thought...if it doesn't bother you...we might give her something to watch!"

Ah, yes. I knew that house. I knew that the window to the right of it...also with a candle in the window...belonged to her mother, Kerrie. I knew the inside of that bedroom, and it was painful to think about it. Suffice it to say, my experiences with Kerrie had left some pretty big scars on my psyche. Men don't often feel used in a relationship, but that's exactly what I had felt about my encounters with Kerrie. And now...would this be my chance for a little revenge?

These were secrets best kept to myself, though. I just turned to Lisa and said, "Oh, yes...that does sound like it could be exciting!" She smiled and kissed me again, and I kissed her back, quite urgently. We stood there in the window, in a most passionate embrace, mouths moving ever so slowly against the other, tongues slowly and wetly intertwining, each with out hands on the other's buttocks, pushing us urgently together. I was growing hard, and I know she could feel me pushed against her lower stomach. The feel of those wonderful little breasts against me nearly melted me. Our breathing was deep, intense, in perfect synchronization with each other.

We pulled slightly away and looked into each other's eyes. "You remember what we did Wednesday?" she asked.

"How could I forget?" I smiled. 

"Do you think we could do more of that...at least first?"

"Yes, certainly...but not for TOO long." I slid the straps of her sundress down past her shoulders, and the light garment slid softly to the floor. She wore nothing beneath, and looked so lovely by soft candlelight. Such a pretty little body! I unbuttoned and removed my shirt, and undid my belt buckle and let my pants and briefs slide to the floor. We'd both left shoes behind long ago downstairs while she was cooking. We resumed the passionate embrace we had enjoyed earlier. The feel of her smooth bare skin against me was overwhelming. I was rock-hard by that point.

I led her by the hand over to the bed. Gently I laid her down on her back, and then laid beside her on my side, my head at her feet. I began slowly kissing and licking her feet, gently sucking a toe or two inside my mouth. Soft little "oohs" came from her lips. I kept kissing and working my way upward...feet, ankles, calves. I found a very sensitive spot on the backs of her knees. She squirmed, and reached to knead my buttocks gently with her hands. After I'd made her squirm just long enough, I continued upward, kissing her thighs. Her hands reached my cock, and she began gently stroking me. 

"All right, sweet Lisa, here's what you wanted" I whispered, and carefully moved atop her, my legs straddling her head. I lowered my head and gently flicked my tongue at the inner and uppermost parts of her thighs. I felt her reach up and gently guide my cock into her mouth. She was wonderful for one so inexperienced! I moved my tongue upwards to her pussy lips, and let my tongue probe and explore. I felt her sucking become more urgent, and her breathing became more rapid. My hands were under her legs, reaching around to gently massage that shapely little ass. My tongue moved upwards to her clit, and she moaned around my cock. I suddenly realized she might not be able to control her actions as she came, and lifted my ass in the air, pulling my cock out of her mouth. I held it just above her face as I licked faster at her clit, and she came loudly, screaming wordless screams of ecstasy! I was thankful I'd pulled myself out of her mouth...didn't really want to have to explain severe bite marks to an emergency room physician!

She trembled, her moans subsided, and her breathing began to slow a bit. I turned around, careful not to clobber her with a knee; I can be a real klutz sometimes. I kissed her on the lips, and she licked her lips with a curious expression on her face, as if it were the first time she'd tasted her own juices, and it probably was. She put her arms around my neck, and said, "god, Larry, that feels so GOOD." 

"And there's more to come," I said back, smiling.

"Oh, yes, yes, I'm ready. Please...I want this very much."

I smiled and kissed her again. I slid myself carefully on top of her. Lisa's pert little nipples were at attention, and felt incredible against my moderately hairy chest. "Now, this might hurt a little at first, but the hurt goes away very quickly, I promise," I whispered into her ear. She nodded and closed her eyes.

I maneuvered so that the tip of my hard cock was pushing against the opening of her virgin pussy. She was wet from our earlier activities, and I was able to slide inside of her gently. An inch at a time, slowly, back out, in two inches, back out slowly. She gasped, grimaced once, and then a look of great pleasure came over her face. "Ooooh....ooooh.....ohhhhhh.....oooooh.....yes!" She kept moaning that way, and began to push back against my thrusts. By now, I was pumping my full length into her. Her hands were running up and down my back, now faster and more frantically. "God, Larry, yes, oh, yes, don't stop, I think I'm going to come again." I kept thrusting as she came again, screaming quite loudly this time. She bucked and writhed against me and pulled my face to hers. Her tongue ran frantically inside my mouth, and she kept moaning, now wordlessly. Her sounds were almost animal like by now. I kept thrusting, now almost slamming my cock inside her, and I was getting close. I've never been very quiet, and now my sounds were matching hers. As I grew closer, I could feel that she was about to come again too. As my climax came, hers matched exactly, and we were both being loud enough to drown out the sound of the rainfall outside. I shot my cum deep inside her, and her hips gyrated in return, as if to say thank you. Our motions, along with our breathing and moaning, gradually subsided until we came to a halt. 

My cock had gradually returned to its normal soft state and slid wetly out of her. I rolled off her and onto my back on the small single bed, and she turned to her side and put her cheek on my chest. I kissed the top of her head and ran my fingers through her hair. "Well, what do you think?"

She almost purred, "Mmmmm, I like it. I could really get used to this." She giggled softly, and added, "Thank you, Larry. I'm glad it was you."

I answered, "Me too, Lisa. I may have been your first, but you were my first first." 

She raised her head and looked at me, and started to ask, "but what about..."

I shushed her gently with one finger, and said, " No. Let's not talk about anyone else right now."

"Agreed," she smiled, and laid her head back on my chest.

Somewhere in the night, she arose to extinguish the candles. I'm not sure when, I slept so soundly. As the light filtered in the room in the morning, I realized I was in a strange bed alone. Hearing a noise downstairs, I slipped my pants on and walked down the stairs.

There she was, the vision of loveliness, in the kitchen, manipulating pots and pans. She smiled, and said, "good morning, handsome." 

I laughed, and said, "You need your eyes checked." I stood behind her and wrapped my arms around her middle and kissed her neck.

"Sleep well?", she asked.

"Like a rock," I replied. "You?"

"The same. Would you like an omelet?"

"You bet I would." 

"All right. Coffee, omelets, and....more?"

I could tell it was going to be a very wonderful day.