 As I stepped into the house, having just arrived home from work, my Mom shouted, "Get cleaned up. Deb's waiting out on your porch for you. Dinner will be ready in about twenty minutes."

She turned back to the stove, lifted a lid stirring something inside the pot. As I glanced past her out the window I could see Dad sitting on the front porch facing the lake. He sat there reading the evening newspaper as usual. I turned and walked to the side door off the adjoining dining room. I poked my head threw the door and said hi to my lovely bride to be. She sat on the glider in her pink two-piece bathing suit. She jumped up excitedly, running over and saying, "Hurry up and get changed! I've got a surprise for you!" 

Deb is of medium build, 5'8" and about 135 pounds. She has a lovely round face framed with golden locks of shoulder length hair. She fills out her two-piece with a pair of very soft round 36C mounds. However, her hazel blue eyes are to die for. She can just make you melt to her will with the slightest glance. And her lusciously full soft lips make you melt into her arms every time. 

She leaned over and gave me a quick, but opened mouth kiss with an even quicker teasing dart of tongue into my mouth. As I grabbed for her she pulled away out of my reach. "Hurry up! I can't wait to tell you what I have planned for tonight!" I got another quick tongue kiss and as she pulled away she rubbed my crotch, smiled, raising her eye brows in that you know what I got planned for you, look

She stepped away waving her hands for me to go, again saying, "Hurry up! Hurry up!"

So as instructed I quickly went to my room and changed into my bathing suit, returning to find her still sitting on the porch waiting for me. She had put one of my t-shirts on that stretched almost down to her knees. She jumped up, ran over to me, threw her arms around my neck and gave me a very passionate opened mouth kiss. Her leg worked its way between mine and urgently pressed into my hardening manhood. She kept the kiss going, reaching deep into my mouth with her tongue while her leg continued to rub back and forth across my hardening spear. I pulled her to me, returning her kiss with my tongue as well. When I was finally fully erect, which didn't take that long, she changed position slightly so that my protrusion fit snuggly into her obviously wanting crevice and at the same time started darting her tongue in and out of my mouth in a very suggestive way. I pulled her around, pushing her up against the porch wall and bent my knees slightly to bring as much pressure as I could to her obviously wanting needs. As I dry humped her, both our hands reached for each other's hips and we pulled each other together frantically. She moaned her appreciation into my mouth while her tongue busied itself exploring every corner of my mouth it could reach. I began to suck on it, until she pulled it straight and hard, sliding it in and out of my mouth again. 

We had two porches. One on the front of the house, where my Dad was sitting, faced the lake. The side porch, which wrapped around from the front porch, where we were currently in a frantic coupling as close to intercourse as you could get without actually fucking, faced down the beach towards the neighbors. It was screened in and a wing off of our house blocked the view from the nearest neighbor's house. Mom's kitchen sat in the corner where the porches wrapped around. She had a window that faced out onto our porch but was further down from where we were coupling. The window was open however, and I'm sure she could hear our moaning.

My Dad and I had built the side porch a few years before, just about the time I was getting my drivers license. Actually, I had built most of it with his direction. It was screened in with a door into the house through the dinning room and a screen door out to the front porch. When we were all done he said, "Son, this is your porch. You will be getting your license soon and you will be dating. I don't want you taking your dates and parking some place. It's not as safe out there as it was when I was dating. Too many weird things happening. I'd rather you'd do your parking and necking right here where it's safe. I guarantee your privacy. Your Mom and I've discussed this and we will never come out on the porch while you are out here with anyone. We've discussed the birds and the bees, so I don't have to go into that. You know how we feel about waiting. However, if you choose not to honor our wishes, than we would rather it happen here, where it is safe. And by all means, wear some protection. You know what I mean."

And there was more to it than that, but you get the idea. Mom and Dad were true to their word, never once bothering me and any of the girls I took out there. Many of the girls where very uncomfortable necking there so close to my parents. Some refused altogether. They thought it was weird. So for those parking was the only recourse.

Finally she pulled away from me, grabbing my hand, Deb pulled me toward the glider. "I've got plans for us tonight. I'm so excited, I can't stand it!" She exclaimed, as I sat down on the nearest end of the glider. Smiling at me as she sat down in the middle to my right, facing me with her left knee against my right hip and her lower leg running along my thigh, and the tops of her toes rubbing over my knee. 

"I could tell by the way you welcomed me. What's up?"

"I want to go up to the Derand Dirties." 

"What?" I exclaim in disbelief. "Are you kidding?"

"No, not at all." Responding as though a little hurt by my questioning. "I thought you would really enjoy it."

"Do you know what the Derand Dirties are? Where did you hear about them?"

"Of course. It's a drive-in theatre that shows X-rated movies. I've always wanted to see one!" She replied getting excited again. "I thought you would enjoy the idea." She pouted, curling up to me, putting her head on my shoulder. She placed her hand on my chest and began rubbing circles all over my chest and tummy.

"I just didn't think you would like something like that. You get upset when you catch me looking at a Playboy. That's all." 

"Well, this is different. It has guys too, not just girls." Her hand goes lower and lower on my tummy. "And you get to watch them do everything. The thought of it has just gotten me all turned on." Her hand now slipped under the elastic band of my bathing suit, grabbing hold of me. "I've been hot all day, just thinking about it."

"I can see." Squeezing her hand through my shorts.

"A couple of girls at work went up there last night with their boyfriends. They came in this morning talking all about it. It just sounded so exciting." She squeezed me hard, raised her head, looking me straight in the eye. "And they claimed they had a… really great time. If you know what I mean."

"They told you what happened?" I asked, incredulously.

"Sure. You know. Girl talk is all."

"I didn't think girls, kiss and tell."

"Well, this was a little bit more than kissin'." She began stroking me now. "And we kept prompting them and asking for more details."

"And they told you? The details?" I asked incredulously.

"Sure."

"You don't tell your girl friends what we do. Do you?"

"Well….ah…. Not usually."

"What do you mean, 'Not usually.' You'd skin me alive if you thought I had told one of the guys what we do."

"Of course I would. Guys can't be trusted not to spread stories around. "

"And girls can?" I argued.

"Well. Your best friend can…. Usually…. And besides… sometimes you just want to brag. I mean, when girls are talking and one comes up with a good story, you want to be able to at least make them think you're gettin' just as good, if not better. And, I think I'm gettin' better." She declared bowing her head, batting her eyes up at me and with that cheshire cat grin. She squeezed my cock to add emphasis. 

"So, what did they tell?"

"Well, Joy. You met her. Her and Marjorie, double date all the time with their boyfriends Brad and Tony. I think Joy introduced us to Tony last Christmas at the office party."

"Yah, I think I remember her. She was the one with the long straight black hair and the really big teaties." I said, holding my hands cupped out in front of me to indicate what I was referring to.

Letting go of my appendage, she slapped me on the chest. "Of course you'd notice that. But, yes that's her."

"How could I help but notice, they were almost falling out of her blouse."

"And I just hate that word." She scolded.

"What word? Teaties?"

"Yes. I guess I've just spent too much time on my uncles' farms. There, cows have teats and pigs. I just happen to think of mine looking a whole lot nicer than that."

"I couldn't agree more. You have the most beautiful teats…I mean… ah…ah… breasts I've ever seen."

"Breasts. Boobs. Hooters. Even jugs or knockers are ok. But when I hear "Teats" all I think of is something hanging below a cow. And I don't want to be thought of as a cow. You know what I mean?"

"Sure I do. I'll try not to say it again." 

"Anyway, they said the movies had all the details. Nothing left out. Close ups of all the action."

"They'll certainly have all that. Up close and personal." I jibbed.

"They said everywhere they looked, couples were going at in almost every car. Guys and girls walking around half naked, feeling each other. It just sounded so exciting."

"So, you want to go walk around with your breasts hanging out and feeling each other up in front of other people?" I asked, trying not to sound critical.

"No! But, I wouldn't mind watching others doing it." Her eyes all lit up with excitement.

"Don't get me wrong. This sounds exciting as hell to me also. Getting all turned on watching all the screwing going on the screen and in other cars. Doing some of our own. I'd love it. I just don't want to get you up there and have you get grossed out, is all."

"She squeezed my dick real hard and gave it couple of real hard, long strokes. Leaning forward she kissed me, slipping her tongue deep into my mouth. When she let up, she smiled, saying, "I love the way you try to take care of me." Her eyes were all glazed over. "But, I'm a big girl now. Thanks to you… and him." She nodded down towards my groin and gave him another knowing squeeze.

Rising up on one knee, Deb leaned toward me again, whispering in my ear, "I'm so fucking turned on right now I can't stand it." 

Pulling away from me she pulled down my the front of my bathing suit and with one swift movement swung her other leg across my lap straddling me without letting go of my cock. With her other hand she pulled up the front of her t-shirt exposing a totally naked pussy. She hovered there a second rubbing the swollen blue bulbous head of my dick into the folds of her drenching wet pussy. When she got him just where she wanted him, she let herself go and sank with her full weight, engorging herself to the hilt.

She collapsed into my chest, letting out all her breath in a deep rush, "Augh."

"Deb! What are you doing? Mom's right through that window." I whispered.

Her arms around me now she whispered in my ear, "I've been planning this since noontime. I've been turned on all day. I just couldn't wait any longer to feel that big fat cock of your deep in my cunt. It feels even better than I thought it would. And as far as your mother is concerned, she knows what we do out here."

"What do you mean?"

"She asked me quite awhile back if we used protection or if I was on the pill."

"You're kidding! What did you tell her?" I exclaimed, amazed and began to soften.

"I told her both, that we didn't want to take any chances. Now shut up and just fuck me." She started a slow rocking motion forcing herself down even deeper on my shaft.

"You are something else tonight. I don't think I've ever heard you use the words cock, cunt and fuck before." I pulled her to me and began thrusting up into that hot pussy of hers.

"Oh, God!… That feels so good. Sooo, F U C K I N'  good!…" She whispered in my ear and after a lengthy pause, she continued. "I don't think I've ever been so turned on before. I get uninhibited and the words just slip out."

She pushed herself away from me continuing to rock back and forth as I thrust up into her. Looking deep into my eyes, she smiled and whispered "Cock… Pussy… Your hard hot cock trusting deep into my hot, fuckin' wet pussy." She licked her lips sensuously and continued, "You like it when I talk dirty? When I talk like a fuckin' dirty whore?"

"Oh, yes. Baby." I groaned. "This is as hot as I've ever seen you. Other than maybe that night after the Military Ball, when you darn near raped me in the back seat of the car.

"Yes. I was turned on that night I have to admit. I wanted you all night and I just couldn't wait any longer. Just like now."

"Yah. That night you surprised me with no panties on under you gown, just like tonight with no bathing suit bottoms on under the t-shirt. By the way, when did they come off? You were wearing your bathing suit when I first came in."

"When you went to change into your suit I took mine off and put the t-shirt on."

"Then you where planning this all along?"

"I told you that!" She responded, pulling the t-shirt up over her bare breasts. "Now shut up, suck on these and give me a good fuckin'." She demanded, falling into my face and pulling my head into her breast.

"God, you feel so fuckin' good." She whispered again into my ear. "I want you to fuck me like this all night long. Joy said she got fucked five times last night. I want to be able to tell her I got six or more times."

I mumbled an unintelligible answer as I continued to suck on her breast, flipping the tip of her nipple with the end of my tongue. I wondered how I was going to keep up.

"OK, you two. Break it up out there. Dinner's on the table." Mom yelled through the window. I knew she couldn't see us from there, but it didn't stop me from panicking, pulling away from Deb's breast and trying to get out from underneath her.

"Aah, shit!" Deb exclaimed under her breath. 

To be Continued. 

A work in progress. Please critique in a critical manner so I can make this the remainder of the story better. Thanks Saber6 