 He arrived home around the usual time and wondered why she hadn't given him his customary warm greeting. She was almost always home by this time and would normally let him know if she was going to be late. "Perhaps she is taking a bath," he thought, "Maybe, I'll join her." 

When he threw his keys down in the usual spot, he noticed the envelope she had left for him. Written in large letters in her pretty handwriting it said, "Wanna play?" on the front of the envelope. He loved playing games with his ravishing red haired lover. He wondered what she had planned for today. He excitedly tore open the envelope. There was a small card that said, "Your slave awaits you in your chambers, master." 

They had not played this game before. He was immediately turned on by the idea of her playing the part of his sex slave. There was already a bulge starting in his pants as he headed for the bedroom they had shared for the past few months. He entered the room and found her sitting demurely on the chest that set at the foot of the bed. She was wearing a costume that resembled Hollywood's idea of what a Roman slave girl would have worn. He wondered what she might be wearing under it. He also wondered what he should do. As soon as he stepped in the room she went to him, never lifting her head. 

She sat at his feet and asked, "Master, how may I serve you?" 

He was nearly overcome and had trouble thinking of a response. She knew him well and did not wait for an answer. 

"Perhaps, you would like me to bathe you, master?" she said hopefully. 

Mustering up his best stern and disinterested voice, he said, "I could use a bath. But, you would do well to remember who is the master, girl!" 

She could not contain her smile and immediately became wet between the legs when he continued to give orders. Feeling emboldened he commanded, "Go and start the bath and then return and undress me, tart!" 

She scurried off to start the bath and quickly returned. She wanted to hear more orders before he was overcome with indecision again. He could say anything to her now and she thought the harsher the more likely to make her cum. She immediately went to him and started to remove his clothes. 

Surprising himself, he pushed her back and said, "How dare you touch me without permission!" 

"Please forgive me, master. I was trying to fulfill your wishes," she said, as the heat inside grew. 

Almost snarling, he said that girls of her station would do well to remember their place if they wished to avoid punishment. 

She dropped to the floor at his feet and said, "I only wish to please you, master." 

"Good, then you may undress me, now," he said. 

She said, demurely, "Thank you, master." 

Then she removed all of his clothing. She carefully released his swollen cock from his underwear with out touching it. She assumed she would need special permission for that. She also assumed based on his references to punishment that it was likely he would spank her at some point, but didn't want it to be because she touched his cock. He had playfully spanked her a couple of times before and it had led to an orgasm filled fucking. She had never even entertained the idea of a man spanking her in the past. Somehow, with him she was willing to entertain most anything in the pursuit of sexual pleasure. She had even imagined spanking him, although the right occasion for that had not yet occurred. 

As soon as he was naked she asked, "Master, may I go and check the bath water, now?" 

"I will come with you. I am sure it is nearly ready," he replied. 

He was right, two minutes longer and there would have been a flood. Attempting to display displeasure, even though he truly felt no displeasure, he said, "Damn, girl you have nearly flooded the place!" and firmly swatted her ass. 

The move surprised her but she managed to maintain her role. She said, "I'm sorry if I displease you, master." 

He replied, "Do not let it happen again!" He wanted to give her a real bare ass spanking, but feared he would cum if he did. Instead, he stepped into the bath, stood there and said, "You may wash me now." 

She proceeded to wash and rinse him starting at his head and going to his feet. She skipped his genitals, saving those for last. When it was time to wash her master's private parts she asked, "May I wash your cock and balls, master." 

His simple reply was, "Be sure and do a thorough job." 

She could not help smiling at him as she proceeded to lather up his cock and balls. She had already washed his ass cheeks but was now including his anal area in this thorough washing. His cock was still rock hard so she did not want to stimulate it too much. He was doing his best to maintain his composure as she lathered all of his most sensitive areas. He was not ready to cum yet and knew it would not take much more of this erotic treatment before he would be ejaculating large quantities of cum. As if reading his mind she carefully rinsed the suds from his cock and confined her continued washing to his balls and anus. He loved having his balls played with and did not want her to stop. Although she was enjoying the game and wanted it to play out, she was finding it difficult not to take him in her mouth and suck the cum out of his cock. The thought had occurred to him also. 

Lost in her play she absentmindedly let her finger slip into his anus. Because of the lather, it went in easily. Although this was not the first time her finger had been there the sudden intrusion startled him. It felt very good but he knew if he allowed her to finger fuck his ass now he would cum in seconds. 

"Who told you, you could do that, bitch!" he barked. 

She immediately withdrew her finger. "I am sorry, master. I can't resist you," she answered. 

"Finish rinsing me and dry me then we will deal with your punishment," he commanded. Without a word she complied. As soon as he was dry, he took hold of her arm and said, "Come with me!" feigning forcing her to the other room. 

Once in the bedroom he reached under her costume skirt. Discovering her to be without panties as expected, he said, "Good your ass is bare. Bend over!" 

She bent over and grabbed her ankles. He flipped the skirt up exposing her buttocks. He nearly gasped. He loved her ass, which he found beautiful. He almost abandoned the hard spanking he had thought he could deliver. However, he knew the game would end if he did not administer punishment. So he gave her several firm whacks on her ass. The spanking was hard enough to cause her ass cheeks to have pink marks but not truly painful. 

Not able to continue, he asked, "Have you learned your lesson?" 

She was not really sure what the proper answer was. She was surprised at how exciting it was to have him spank her and she wanted more. So she said, "I am not sure I know what I did wrong, Master." 

He felt excited and angry all at once. This confused him, then he realized it was the fantasy that caused the anger and she wanted the spanking to continue. He said, "You were insolent, you little bitch! I will let you know when you may satisfy your horniness!" 

His harsh talk combined with the additional firm spanking he gave her nearly brought her to the edge. When he had completed the spanking he felt as if his cock was going to explode. "I think that should be enough to make you remember your place," he said. 

She did not move awaiting further orders. Realizing he would now have tell her every move now, he said, "Stand up and face me." 

She did so and he released the catch holding the costume closed at the shoulder. It fell to the floor. She now stood before him wearing only a bra. It was one he did not recognize. It was lacey and very sexy. She had obviously selected it for the way it pushed her tits together accentuating the cleavage. He decided to leave it on her for now. He found her extremely erotic looking in just the sexy bra. 

Badly needing to cum now, he ordered, "Get on your knees and suck my cock! I wish to fill your mouth with my cum!" 

She moaned as she dropped to her knees and swallowed his cock. It seemed like it was in one single motion that she opened her mouth and let him slide all the way into her throat. As his throbbing dick slid in and out of her willing throat he became so lost in his ecstasy that he did not notice she was now finger fucking herself. The spanking and general eroticism of the game had left her badly needing to cum also. When his cum began exploding into her mouth her fiery loins also exploded as she too orgasmed. She fought to remain in control of her body, to be the good slave girl and swallowed every drop of her master's salty sticky fluid. He had nearly fallen on the floor as his knees tried to buckle due to the intensity of his orgasm. 

Now recovered, he said, "I need to sit," and went to the bed. 

He sat on the edge and asked her to join him. When she sat next to him and said, "Thank you master for allowing me to taste your delicious cum?" 

Still a little breathless and beginning to think the game had reached a point where it should be ended, he said, "You are welcome, dear." 

She said, "What may I do for you now, master?" 

He replied, "Take off your bra and join me on the bed as an equal, please." 

She understood he was ready for the game to conclude. This was all right with her, it had been fabulous, but a nice tender fuck seemed like a good idea now. She removed the sexy bra and they lay in the bed together. They cuddled and talked for a time. He told her that he found the game incredibly erotic. She suggested they play it again soon. 

He said, "I love you more then I can possibly express." 

She said, "I love you, you sweet, sexy man." 

"I feel so wonderful baby," he told her. 

Reaching for his once again hard cock, she said, "I have never felt as good as I do with you." 

Soon he was on top of her slowly pumping his cock in and out of her pussy. Several waves of orgasm engulfed her before he came inside her. When both were finished, he said, "you are the best, baby. I love being inside you." 

She replied, "I always want you in me, tiger." They rested for a time and then had dinner. That evening they slept peacefully together, naked, wrapped in each other's arms.