 Day One

It was a normal day for Daemon since leaving high school. He was told that he would be going to a new school that would take care of all his educational needs and would help him in his college career. The boarding school, Spring Hills was surrounded by a large forest area and in the distance he could see a large tree. 

The bus gently turned as the rode curved seeing the large building of his new boarding school. Daemon remembered what his foster-parents told him where he would be going. Shaking his head he quickly put the thought out of his mind. The bus pulled up in front of a large red bricked build with adult students wearing their uniforms and talking about their classes. Taking a deep breath he got off the bus. Daemon had short black hair and tan colored skin. He wasn't really tall but had a toned figure that made the girls look twice. The truth was he worked out and likes to practice his martial arts. 

"Hello Mr. Black." replied a woman wearing a grey suit and skirt. Snapping out of his thoughts he realized that this was the dean of the boarding school. She was about 5'9 and her hair was pulled into a bun. Daemon's eyes quickly traveled over her body taking in her nice figure and profession demeanor. Looking her in the eyes he waited for her to continue. "I welcome you to our school and hope that you enjoy your schooling and your stay here. I am the dean Ms. Holly and you can come to me with any questions you have."

Daemon quickly took his eyes away from her breast just before she turned and looked at him. "That was close." he thought. She continued to show him the school ground, where he would be staying and the most important rules of the school. After two hour of Ms. Holly showing him the school and the teachers that they met on the way she finally took him to the attendance office so he could get his classes and his room number and card to get into the building and his room.

He was told that all his things were in his room all ready and all he need do is unpack and make his self at home. The area around the school was beautiful in his opinion. The large oak tress and the trees with various colored petals caught his glance. Looking down the path toward the garden stood a row a cherry blossom trees. Walking down the path he sat under the tree and rested as the pink petal softly fell from their branches. "I see that you like the imported cherry blossoms." said a soft voice.

"Yeah I do. I like the pink blossoms and these trees bring back nice memories for me." Daemon replied without opening his eyes. 

"So you're a new student?" she asked. 

"Yeah, I am. I was sent here by my foster-parents."

"Well my name is Sophine."

"Daemon," He replied.

Finishing their small talk Sophine said good-bye and headed toward the female dorms. Opening his eyes he got up and headed for his room. Following the directions given to him he swiped the card and the doors unlocked he walked in. Making his way to the top floor he looked at the card with his room number on it. "Room 312," He mumbled. Sliding his card the door unlocked and he walked into his room. The room was pretty big. It only one large window, a queen sized bed on two sides of the room and a closet for clothes. Closing the door he realized that the bed across from his was covered in teddy bears and the dresser had female things. Looking at the directions that he was given he found that they had made a big mistake with his room. Taking this as a blessing he unpacked his things, took a shower and went to bed.

Mary walked into her room and decided to have a little fun as she turned on the lamp by her nightstand. Taking off her top she looked at herself in the mirror, Feeling on he C-cup breast she smiled as her nipples hardened in the cool room air. Pulling up her skirt Mary pulled out a vibrator from a box under her bed. Smiling as she flicked the on switch the gentle hum of the toy filled the room. Spreading her legs her pussy opened as the vibrator slid over her outer lips. Biting her bottom lip she slowly pulls it down her slit. Watching as she pleases herself, she roughly stuck it in. Moaning as she pushed it deeper the gentle hum becomes loader with another flick of the switch. Thrusting back and forth Mary's cries of ecstasy echo the room as she watches her self come closer to her own orgasm. Spreading her legs wider she pulls the vibrator out and put it to her clit. With a deep breath Mary climaxed as she watched in mirror. Dropping the humming toy Mary turns to see someone moving in the bed across from her.

Watching him turn under his cover she looked on the night stand. Reading the paper she decided to welcome him to Spring Hills the right way. Pulling back the covers Mary saw the tent in his sweat pants. Pulling them off, he wasn't wearing any underwear so it made her plan much easier. His tool stood straight up and looked to be about seven itches and about three itches wide. Taking his cock into her hand she gave two pumps and creped into the bed, straddling his waist. Slowly guiding him in Mary held back a gasp as it went into her wet cunt. Grinding her hips and bouncing up and down Mary watched as the man under her face twitched. Moving faster and faster his cock slid deeper and deeper as she leaned back. 

Moaning loader and he slid in and out Mary could feel her climax building. Panting she didn't realize that Daemon had woke up and was rocking with her. Increasing his thrusts he grunted as Mary's pussy gripped his meat. Thrusting with a faster tempo Daemon could feel his balls twitch, his breath shorten as he came. Mary cried out as she felt his warm cum filled her wanting cunt. Panting and moaning as their climaxes ended Mary smiled as she looked down at Daemon. "Welcome to our school and my name is Mary."