 The sound of a key in the lock took her by surprise. It was him, of course, but she wasn't expecting him, not tonight. She felt a surge of adrenaline; her chest tightened. She was aware of her nipples hardening. 

He opened the door and walked in. Locked the door behind him. Smiled. "I didn't -" she began, but he silenced her with a finger to his lips. 

She was still sitting at her desk -- an unread e-mail on her computer, a half empty glass of wine beside the keyboard. Enigma was playing on the stereo. She watched as he removed his shoes and walked across the living room. He pulled her to her feet, took her right hand in his, brought it to his mouth, and kissed it, kissed the back of her hand. Never taking his eyes off her, he kissed again, a wet kiss, his lips soft. She could feel his teeth, the tip of his tongue, the bristly hair of his moustache. 

Still looking straight into her eyes, he began to kiss her wrist, her forearm. Then she felt his tongue lick the sensitive crook of her arm. Goosebumps formed on her back; her nipples were taut. 

Now he was kissing her throat, licking the skin, occasionally biting her: not hard enough to hurt, not yet -- just enough to make her close her eyes. She could feel a delicious bloodrush of arousal begin to glow between her legs. 

He still had yet to speak, but when he reached her ear he whispered, "I love you, Christie." Then he sucked her earlobe into his hot mouth, tugging at it with his teeth, before licking all around and finally inside her ear. 

Suddenly their passion exploded, and in a blink they were kissing -- hard, deep, wet, open-mouthed, tongues wrestling, teeth clacking. Hand behind her head, he grasped her hair and pulled her hard into him. His tongue probed deep into her mouth. He drew back to suck her bottom lip into his mouth, and bit -- harder this time, hard enough to elicit a groan from her, a groan muffled by his mouth. She bit back, nipping at his lip and causing him to pull her face even harder against his own. 

They kissed for... minutes? hours? She had lost track of time. But suddenly he was kissing her throat again, kissing and now biting the tender flesh. She felt a sudden sharp stab of hot pain as his teeth grabbed a tiny pinch of her skin. 

His hands were on her breasts now. She felt him pulling up her shirt until it was around her neck, felt him licking and kissing the tops of her breasts, the rest of them still hidden under her bra. There was urgency to his movements now. His fingers slipped inside her bra, at the bottom, and pulled the cups up and over her breasts. She felt the cooler air on her nipples. 

Now his hands covered her breasts, gently squeezing them. His fingers pulled at her hard nipples. He bent forward and took her right nipple into his mouth, sucking hard at the tight nubbin of flesh, pulling with his mouth. He rolled the nipple of her other breast between his thumb and index finger. Without warning, at the same moment, he bit down, hard, and pinched, hard, and she cried out in pain, or pleasure, or both.

She was wet now, and her knees felt weak. They were still standing and she was about to pull him over to the futon couch, when he stopped sucking. Her nipple popped from his mouth with a wet pop. He raised his head and kissed her again, gently, then slowly began to drop to his knees, trailing kisses down her body as he descended. 

Then he was on his knees before her. Looking up into her eyes, he unsnapped the top button of her jeans, and slowly pulled down the zipper. He reached behind her and pulled the jeans down, over her ass, past her hips, and down to her feet. She stepped out of them, first her left foot, then her right. 

He hugged around her waist and pulled her to him, his face making contact with her sheer yellow panties. He moved a bit further down, spreading his knees slightly, until his mouth was right at her crotch. Opening his mouth wide, he put his lips right against her and exhaled. The rush of heat poured through the material of her panties onto her sex. She shuddered.

His hands still around her, he took hold of the tiny elastic waistband of her panties and began to pull them down -- back first, over her ass cheeks. Then the front, down slowly, exposing her neatly trimmed hair, lower, down her thighs, past her knees... and off. She pulled her shirt over her head, and unclasped her bra. She was naked. 

Now, finally, he led her to the couch, where she sat. He kneeled back down on the floor and gently parted her thighs, exposing her wet pussy to his view for the first time. He kissed her inner thighs, one, then the other, slowly working his way up to where her legs met. He put his fingertips on each side of her sex, and opened her, spreading her lips and revealing her inner pinkness. He teased her with his tongue, circling it closer and closer to her wetness but never quite reaching it. She began to thrust her hips forward to meet his mouth, but he rode her thrusts and continued the delicious, agonizing teasing.

Then, without warning, his tongue plunged into her, deep, and she groaned in pleasure and pulled his face into her. He penetrated her with his tongue, drilling it into her softness, tasting her essence. Pushing her legs up, knees towards her breasts, he licked deeply, swiping his tongue occasionally against her anus before entering her vagina again. 

All this time he had only teased her clit. 

Suddenly he stood, pulling her to her feet as well. He led her to the middle of the living room, where he sat on the floor facing her, his hips between her feet. He took her hands and slowly lay down on his back, pulling her down so she was kneeling over his chest. Reaching behind her, he pulled her forward so her crotch was directly over his face. Then he pulled her down. 

In this position, straddling him, her cunt was spread lewdly, her clit erect under its hood. He pulled her down to his mouth and she spread her knees wider to go that low. A thrill of electricity raced through her as he finally sucked her clit into his mouth. Forming an "O" with his lips he pulled on her clit, flicking it with his tongue. She could feel the bristle of his beard as her vagina enveloped his chin. As he sucked her clit, he reached up and squeezed her hard nipples. 

She began to grind into his mouth. She wanted his tongue inside her again for a moment, and shifted forward, and pushed herself down onto his face. His tongue was so deep inside her, it felt like a small cock. He fucked his tongue into her, tasting the musky wetness of her arousal. After a few moments he shifted, and she felt his tongue now against her anus. He reached up to the tops of her thighs and pulled her down onto his face; now almost her full weight was on him. 

With his tongue on her asshole, his nose had entered her vagina. She pushed down onto him, her clit now grinding against the bridge of his nose. He was pulling hard on her nipples now, twisting them. She was getting close. Grinding her clit into the hard surface of his forehead, she felt him stiffen his tongue. 

Suddenly the tip of his tongue penetrated her asshole. From deep inside, her orgasm began, and she pulled his head up into her as if trying to stuff it inside herself. As the first wave crested she felt her asshole clench tight around his tongue, while her vagina spasmed around his nose. She ground hard into his face, cumming, eyes shut tight, mouth agape, cumming, clit throbbing, cumming. 

Cumming.

She collapsed onto the floor beside him, the spasms of her orgasm still rocking her. For the moment, she was sated. For the moment, he lay quietly beside her, stroking her hair and gently kissing her face. That was all.

For the moment.