 I sit on the couch with my feet curled under me, watching a movie. 

Knock, knock, knock. 

I look towards the front door, a frown on my face; I'm not expecting anyone. I stand, pause the movie, smooth my shirt, tuck my hair behind my ears, and head to the door. In the little mirror right next to the door, I check my face to make sure I'm presentable. When I look through the peephole, I'm immobilized for a few seconds. No...... I blink a few times and try to focus again. This is not who I think it is... my heart jumps in my throat and my stomach does a flip flop. I realize he'll walk away if I don't open the door, so I unlock the deadbolt and pull it open. When his eyes graze my face, he smiles. The warmest smile I've ever seen, which in turn, causes me to smile right back. For a moment, we just stare at each other, I can't even think of anything to say, I'm so speechless. 

So he says, "Hi." 

I laugh and my eyes drop to my bare feet. "Hi... as you can see I'm a little tongue-tied right now," I reply as I raise my eyes to meet his once again. 

"I knew you would be, that's why I didn't tell you I was coming. I wanted to cherish this sweet moment. Uh, can I come in though, it's a little cold out here," he says with a playful glint in his eye. 

'What an idiot, Katelyn.. it's freezing, and you're standing here with a dumb look on your face,' I think to myself as I say "Oh my God of course, come in," stepping aside for him to enter. He's got a bag in each hand, and he drops them on the floor just inside the doorway. He looks around my house a moment, taking in the view of how I live. But as I close the door, his eyes lock on me again, he can't seem to stop looking at me. As I start to overcome some of my shock, I'm unbelievably excited to have this man right here in front of me. 

"What are you doing here, why didn't you tell me? I'm so happy to see you!" I say in my excited squeaky voice. I step towards him, touch his arm and realize a moment we've only talked about is now about to happen. I walk closer to him, press myself against him and wrap my arms around his neck. I feel one of his hands touch my waist, then the other, and then they both slide around my body until I'm fully inside his embrace. With one of my hands against the back of his neck, I press my nose into his shoulder and inhale the scent of the man I've only imagined I would ever get a chance to see in person. He smells so divine, and I almost fall weak in his arms. As if sensing this, he tightens his grip on me, slowly rubbing his hands up and down my entire back and sides. He is also feeling a body he's also only imagined he ever would. I feel his nose bury first in my hair, and then down into my neck where the warmth of his lips is teasing the air inches away from my skin. 

"You feel so nice..." he whispers to me. A spark of excitement shoots through my belly at his words. I try to pull back to look him in the eyes, but he won't let me. Instead, he tightens his grip on me once again, just holding me close. There is a fine line with a hug, where it becomes less friendly and more intimate, where it's less jovial, and more serious. I closed my eyes and realized this was a very intimate hug, where pent up emotions over the last many months are finally allowed to be released. My hands caress his back, neck and head while I press my cheek right next to his. I want to kiss this man, but I can't. Not yet. His hands fall from my shoulder blades to my lower back, around to my waist, until he finally pulls away to look into my face. His eyes are glistening, and I am both confused and touched by his emotion. 

Putting a hand to his face, I say with concern in my eyes "Are you ok?" 

"Yes... I am now... I'm just very happy to see you..." he replies. 

My hand falls from his face, finds his own hand and I squeeze it, smile, and say "Me too." I can't stop smiling, and I keep telling him over and over that I can't believe he's actually here. 

We sit on the couch and he tells me what made him come to see me. He needed a break from his every day life. Though he wasn't sure coming to see me was the best choice, it was nevertheless a choice he decided to make and he told me he was glad he did. 

"You've always been one of my biggest supporters and that means more to me than you can ever imagine," he says to me. "The way we interact with each other is something I've never known before and I wanted to experience it in person." 

I smile and blush, as he always has known the sweetest things to say to me. Hearing it from his mouth while he sits right in front of me adds a sense of sincerity to it that I never knew it would. We talk for an hour or so, him unloading his stresses on me, me giving him support and advice, us eventually ending up laughing and joking and flirting like always. He expresses that he's a little tired; he's had a long day. I ask him if he'd like to go upstairs to lie down or if he'd like to doze off on the couch with me while I finish the movie I'd started. He opts for the couch. Removing his shoes, he looks to me very hesitantly. I can tell he wants to say something, but he looks away and chooses not to. 

"What?" I ask. 

He raises his eyes back up to mine and says "I just want to be close to you..." With that, I stand up and motion for him to stretch out on the couch. I can see that he wants to ask questions, but he doesn't. Once he's fully stretched, I sit and then lay in front of him, my back pressed up against him, the curves of our bodies matching perfectly. He sighs against me, places a hand on my hip and runs it up to my waist and down across my stomach until I'm held in his embrace once more. 

"Comfy?" I ask as his nose buries into my hair again. 

"Yes... very," he replies with a little tickle to my stomach. I squirm a little against him, we laugh and I begin to play the movie. But I can't focus on the TV screen. All I can think about are his knees pressed into the back of mine, our feet rubbing up against each other, his muscular chest connected with my shoulder blades, my behind firmly locked against the curve of his hips, his arm around my waist, hand on my arm absentmindedly rubbing me with his fingers, his eyelashes fluttering on the back of my ear whenever he blinks, and his breathing so steady and sweet. I'm nervous to be here. The sensations of being pressed so close to such masculinity is something I haven't felt in a very long time and my heart races as thoughts and images and desires flash through my mind, and I only hope he doesn't feel my heart pounding through my chest. As his feet stop moving against mine, his fingers cease caressing my arm, and I don't feel his eyelashes flutter against my ear I realize that he is falling asleep. I welcome this, for it gives me more time to collect myself. Eventually, I find myself drifting as well and I doze off there next to him. 

When I wake up, he is caressing my hip with his hand. He has moved the hair from my neck and is rubbing his facial hair against my skin. He can sense by the change in my breathing that I'm awake. 

"Did you sleep well?" he asks softly, so close to my ear that his lips graze my earlobe. 

"Mmm hmmm..." I say sleepily. I feel a hint of an erection pressed against me and I smile. I pretend to stretch and I arch my back, 'accidentally' smashing my behind further into his crotch. He reacts by gripping my hip tighter, and with his mouth next to my ear, a soft moan escapes him. 

"How about you, did you sleep well?" I ask him as if I don't realize the heat between us at this moment. 

"More soundly than I've slept in a long time," he replies, his voice so low and seductive, as he finally presses his lips to my neck. Taking a deep breath, my eyes close involuntarily. The corner of my lip finds its way in between my teeth as his hand creeps underneath my shirt to feel the soft skin of my torso. His hands, so warm, big, strong, and rough shoot electric pulses through my abdomen. So gently he traces his fingertips along my rib cage, while simultaneously kissing and tasting every inch of my neck. I've fallen back against him, my hand reaches behind me and rests on his thigh, gently squeezing. I feel his tongue warm and wet, tracing the outside curve of my ear. Slowly he takes my entire ear into his mouth and the grip I have on his thigh tightens immensely. He flattens his hand on my stomach just above my bellybutton and holds me tight against him, his leg tangles itself in between mine, his hips begin to move and thrust gently against my backside, and his breathing becomes louder and heavier with more moans escaping him. 

With his face more on the side of my neck now, as if he's trying to reach all the way around me with his lips. I'm nervous to turn my head towards him, I know he will kiss me... though I've wanted it since he walked in the door, I still hesitate. For it's a line to cross that will only lead to more. And I'm not sure that I'm ready for more just yet. But he feels so good against me... the attention he's giving me is intoxicating... and I don't want him to stop. 

"I want you to look at me," he says to me in between kisses placed just underneath my ear. His hand doesn't leave from underneath my shirt as I twist before him. While I move, it grazes my stomach, my side, until it rests on my back when I'm finally face to face with him. His eyes are clouded with desire, his lips moist and turned up into a grin. I look up into his eyes with adoration, wonder and contentment. 

"Is it ok that I touch you?" he asks me in all seriousness as he rubs my back. 

I nod my head and say "it feels good when you touch me..." His eyes fall to my mouth as I talk, watching my lips move as I form my words. With his hand, he reaches down and grabs the back of my thigh, pulling my leg in between his. Then he places his hand on my tailbone, pulling me to him while he thrust into my pelvis. My eyes flutter shut momentarily and a choppy breath escapes me at the feeling of his erection against me. When I look into his eyes I see that he did it to watch my reaction to him. My hand wants to feel his bare skin, and when I reach for the bottom of his shirt, I find that he's tucked in his undershirt. Yanking it out of his pants, I run my hand up his sides and stomach, up to his chest where I lavish him with attention. He flinches at my touch, and the way his body shivers only tells me that he enjoys me. His hand reaches up to my face where he runs the pads of his first two fingers down the length of it, from forehead to chin, then across, where he stops to trace my lips. 

I open my mouth a little and relax my lips so he can play with their fullness. So softly I reach my tongue out to barely touch his finger. His eyes are glued to my mouth and he allows me to take his entire digit between my lips. His body visibly sags against the back of the couch as I close my warm lips over his finger, swirling my tongue all around it. I gently suck on it, pushing it in and out of my mouth, swallowing it all the way to the last knuckle and back again - simulating fellatio. Licking his lips, he then pulls his bottom one into his mouth in a gentle bite. Taking his finger out of my mouth, he places his hand on the back of my neck, stares into my eyes for a moment and leans towards me...

To Be Continued...