 With one swift motion he lifts me and stands up, turns around and places me back down on the couch. Still standing, he takes one leg of my jeans at a time and pulls them from my body. Before him I sit in nothing but my pink and white candy striped thong. He stands there just looking at me and I find myself getting a little self conscious. 

Removing all doubt he says to me, "You are so sexy..." I then lean up and begin to unbuckle his belt. He puts his hands over mine to stop me and says "Not yet." Oh, how disappointed I am; I want so badly to see and touch what is bulging in his pants before me. I make a little pouting sound and he says "Don't pout baby, just trust me..." with that he gets to his knees and I have an idea of what he has in mind. He wants to taste me. 

He turns to the coffee table behind him and pushes it out a few feet to give himself some room to move around in front of me. Next, he runs his hands up my thighs slowly while he says to me, "You know, for such a long time now I've wondered what you taste like..." I only half-grin and bite my lip in response, while I open my legs wider to accommodate him as he pushes against me. With his ribs between my knees, he has pressed his body against mine and begins to explore me. He starts at my ears. 

My eyes flutter closed and my hands run up his well-muscled back from his waist to his neck, one hand rests on the back of his head, the other runs over his bicep. He takes one of his hands and snakes it between us, and begins to stroke my inner thighs as he moves his mouth to my neck. My hips begin to move on their own, tilting upward against him, my hot center seeking his fingertips that are so close. He doesn't give in to my body's obvious need for his touch, but instead places his palm on my abdomen, pressing my hips back down against the couch. 

His lips have traveled to my chest now, and he trails his tongue between my breasts, then underneath and around each one in a circle, ending at my nipples. I open my eyes and look down at him, and watching his lips close around my breast makes my tummy flip with excitement. He suckles gently at first, then harder as he opens his eyes to meet mine. I know the desire is heavy in my eyes, and I can see a reflection of it in his eyes too. 

I feel his hand travel from the back of my calf, up my knee, around to the inside of my thigh and directly to my center where he pulls aside my panties and slips two fingers inside of me. Our eyes still locked as he does this, my mouth falls open and I inhale sharply at the unexpected swiftness of his action. He smiles with my nipple still in his mouth. My head falls back onto the couch and my body is under his control as his fingers move in a 'come here' gesture inside of me. He slips in a third finger and bites my nipple. I let out a gasp of both pain and pleasure. I feel his mouth move further south, across my ribs and down to my belly button. He then kisses each of my hip bones and I flinch a little and giggle saying, "that tickles.." He takes his fingers out of me and puts his hands underneath me, pulling me towards the end of the couch. 

He bows his head down and I feel his breath tickle my thighs. I have never felt before the way I do at this moment, my desire so out of control that I am unbelievably impatient. All I want to do is grab his head and push his mouth to me, to feel his tongue flick against my clit, to come all over his face. He kisses my inner thigh, moving excruciatingly slow towards my honey pot. 

"Please..." I whisper to him. 

"Please what?" he whispers back. 

"Please hurry," I murmur. "Please touch me, please taste me... please... I need it.." 

He takes advantage of my vulnerability and tortures me even more. "Are you going crazy my sweet?" he taunts me. 

"Yes!" I exclaim breathlessly. My hands have dropped from him to the couch on either side of me, my fingers beginning to cramp from gripping the end of the cushion so hard. Just as I begin to whine and wiggle before him impatiently, he tugs at my panties and I lift my behind to allow him to pull them from my body. After they are on the floor with the rest of my clothes, he makes me wait no more and spreads my dripping lips with his fingers while touching his tongue to my clit. I exhale a pent up breath and my body sags into the couch. Desire shoots like fireworks inside my belly at the feeling of his soft tongue against me. 

In a whirlwind of moans and screams, lips and tongues, explosions and orgasms, he takes me on ride after orgasmic ride with only his mouth and hands. Finally after my fourth climax, he sits up and smacks his lips together with a grin of proud satisfaction. I look at him, panting, spent, shaking my head at him. "What?" he asks with an innocent look. 

"One more time and I probably would've passed out!" I say and we both laugh. 

"I couldn't help it, all those noises you were making were such a turn on, I didn't want you to stop.." he admits.

I sit up slowly until we are face to face and I ask, "Do I turn you on?"

He kisses my mouth and whispers, "Unlike any woman I've ever met. Feel this.." and he brings my hand to the bulge between his legs. "That's all you, baby." Incredibly, he is larger and harder than he was minutes ago. 

"Show me." I whisper, biting my lip. 

Not taking his eyes from mine, I hear the sound of his belt unbuckling, followed by the zip of his fly. He stands on his knees and pulls down first his jeans, and then his boxers. An obvious sigh of relief escapes him. "Being all cramped up in there starts to hurt after awhile," he says with a sheepish grin. 

My eyes fall from his down to what he has released, and I lift my eyebrows in surprise. Desire then washes over me once again and I lick my lips and smile in anticipation. I bring my hand to my mouth, wet it with my saliva and wrap it around him. As I begin to slide back and forth, his eyelids get heavy and his lips part as he breathes. I look up at him as he closes his eyes, watching his reactions to the way I touch him. I bow my head and circle my tongue around the head, then bring it into my mouth and out again. His body jerked as my mouth touched him and now he whispers to me, "I want to be inside of you."

I lean back against the couch and say, "Come here."

He quickly removes his jeans and boxers the rest of the way and moves between my thighs once more. He leans against me until we are chest to chest, he places his hand on the back of my neck, and pulls me in for a kiss. With his other hand, he takes his manhood and begins to rub it up and down against my slit. As he slips closer and closer to my opening, my desire to feel him inside of me grows stronger and stronger until I am breathing loudly against his mouth and biting his lips and heaving my hips up towards him. He then enters me so slowly, pushing in inch after inch, until he is fully immersed inside of me. He stays there a moment, his mouth hanging open as he breathes, and his eyes search mine. 

"Oh my God," I breathe, closing my eyes.

"You ok?" he whispers. 

"Yes baby," I say. I reach my hands under his arms around to his back and pull him closer to me. "Love me," I whisper as I squeeze my muscles around him. He begins to move slowly inside of me while he wraps both of his arms underneath my back, holding me in a tight embrace. Our hips push against each other, meeting perfectly with each thrust, our movements so fluid. It's like our bodies were made to go together like two pieces of a puzzle. There was no first-time awkwardness, no second-thought reactions... we were spinning a web of desire, trapped inside each other. 

He effortlessly lifts me from the couch and lays me gently on the floor, all the while he is still inside of me. I stretch out and he moves over me, his hands find mine and he interlaces our fingers together. Squeezing my hands tightly, he thrusts deeper inside of me, moaning with pleasure. I cry out and tilt my head back as he hits a spot deep inside of me. I lift one of my legs on top of his shoulder and he sits on his feet to lift the other as well. He holds on to the front of my thighs as he pulls me against him, reaching places inside of me that no man has. 

"Damn you feel so good..." he says to me, as he kisses my knees. I am moaning loudly now, letting him know how good he feels to me, rocking my hips up against his over and over again. 

"I want you behind me," I say between heavy breaths. He lowers my legs from his shoulders and lets me flip over before him. I lie on my stomach and arch my back, pushing my behind up in the air. For a moment, he doesn't move, but he smartly smacks my ass, eliciting a surprised cry out of me. "Mmmm, do it again," I say. He leans down, plants a kiss on one of my cheeks, and then smacks it even harder, the sound echoing throughout the room. "Come get me baby," I taunt him, waving my ass in the air. He pushes his manhood against me and I move around, trying to guide him to my spot. He finds it, pushes in about an inch, grabs onto my hips and stops. 

I try to move back against him, but he tightens his grip on my hips to prevent me from pushing him further into me. I turn around to look at him and he has a playful look into his eyes, he is teasing me. I smile at him, and tighten my muscles around the one inch he has allowed me. His eyes flutter and he exhales sharply at the sudden tightness. I feel his hands loosen momentarily on my hips and I take advantage of his sudden immobilization. I thrust back against him, enveloping all of him. His legs shake and he almost buckles on top of me. He doesn't like that he lost control, that my teasing worked better than his and so he grabs my long hair and pulls on it until I have nowhere to look but the ceiling. I suck air through my teeth and moan, he knows I like this, we've talked about this. 

"Is this what you want?" He asks, pounding into me and pulling my hair at the same time. I let out a cry of pleasure mixed with pain, but the height of my desire is only fueled by his dominance. With each thrust into me, he grunts uncontrollably. And I echo each of his grunts with moans of my own, and an occasional "yes" or "oh God" thrown in. After a few moments of this hot and unbridled passion, I am overwhelmed and I explode onto him. As I come down, he slows with me. 

Moving me onto my back once more, he stretches out on top of me, his arms underneath my back, his hands cupping my shoulder blades, his fingers wrapped around the top of my shoulders. Lying there, unmoving, he kisses my forehead, my nose and finally my mouth. Our tongues tangle together and our passion is heightened all over again. He begins to move inside of me, this time slow and steady while he stares into my eyes. With his fingers still wrapped around my shoulders, he pulls me towards him as he thrusts up into me. He rocks me faster and faster still as sweat begins to bead on his forehead. He drops his head and buries it into my neck and I begin to feel his body tense up and jerk as he's reaching his climax. 

Suddenly, he whips his head up, says "Oh shit..", throws his neck back and shouts loudly as he spills himself inside of me. Shaking, panting, he hangs his head above me, his forehead touching my chest. His biceps are visibly trembling as he attempts to continue to hold himself up. Caressing him and pulling him to me, I am still moaning and breathing loud and fast. His body finally gives and he lies on top of me, his cheek against my breast. 

We lie there for thirty minutes or longer, just holding each other and floating on the high we just created. He draws lazy circles around my nipples and tickles me every now and then just to watch me squirm. Eventually, we get cold and so we clean ourselves up, get dressed, and share a blanket on the couch. As I sit there wrapped up in his strong warm arms, I am more content than I have been in such a long time. "I don't want you ever to leave," I say softly to him.

He lifts my face up to his and his eyes are unreadable. He says to me, "There's something that I should tell you...."