 I knew at that moment he wanted nothing more than me. His blue eyes glittered with need and the way his hips moved as he came forward suggested what he had in mind. And who was I to deny him? He knew that as well; knew that I wouldn't.

He was right, as usual when it came to me, that was what I liked best about him. His lean muscled body and pretty face were a bonus. I could be an open book that he always wanted to read. It was never the same story every time we touched. Sometimes we would start slowly: a few light kisses, some gentle petting. Other times we would jump right in, aggressively locking lips and one of us being held down. I wondered what it would be tonight as he finally stood right in front of me.

"Fuck my ass," he purred, voice full of arousal. I was speechless as he took me in his arms. He grabbed one of my breasts and squeezed a bit roughly. It was always sexy when he gave me an order, but this time I couldn't believe it. He wasn't gay, we fucked enough to constantly prove otherwise. However, the orders I was used to were "kiss me" and "give me your tongue."

He kissed my neck and ended it with a sharp love bite, somewhat knocking me out of shock. "What's wrong?" he asked me teasingly. "You always say you want to." Why did he have to be do damn sexy? He stole my lips and proceeded to put my hands on the buttons of his blue jeans.

"Yeah," I gasped when he let me go, "but I didn't think you were into it."

"I've done it to myself a few times." He smiled as he informed me of this new fact. "You know that green egg in my room?" I knew what he meant, he had a ceramic egg the size of a fairly large one from a chicken sitting on a dragon display on his bookshelf. I could hardly imagine him working it into himself as he lay on his bed.

"You got that in?" I still didn't believe what he was asking of me.

He shrugged like it was no big deal. "It took some work, but yeah. Come on, fuck me."

He pushed me onto my bed and fell on top me. I didn't struggle as he shoved his hands up my shirt and pulled it off, nor when he removed my pants and undergarments. He let me take his shirt off before he stood again. "Where do you keep your toys?" he asked. "Don't tell me you don't have any, I know you do."

I loved how he sounded almost haughty. It was something he had taken on more recently since we became 'official'. Nevermind that we'd been sharing a bed practically since the day we met. He seemed hungrier for me now, more needy when we fucked. "Where do you think?" I huffed, not that I looked all that threatening to him at the moment -what with my legs spread and my naked body reclining on my bed. "In my naughty drawer with everything else." He opened it, pulled out my shackles and leash set. Those fell to the floor was well as my pilfered gag and blindfold. He didn't bother saying anything about them, he wasn't surprised. Instead he pulled out two items, my vibrator -purple with a silicone ribbed skin all of seven inches -and a nine inch life model dildo. "You're going to want to use my vibrator," I told him, I tried to disarm him with a teasing smile of my own. "Unless you want to try the bigger one."

He brought both with him as he rejoined me on my bed. "We'll see." He handed me my vibrator and slipped his pants off, as always he wore no boxers. His eight inch cock waved at me with it's thick glory. "Where'd your lube go?" I gestured to my headboard which doubled as a nice shelf and reading lamp. He grabbed it and handed to to me then lay back on my pillows looking at me expectantly.

"I don't believe you," I whispered in awe. He laughed like it was nothing, like I should have expected something like this from him. "Fine, spread your legs," I sighed as I poured a liberal amount of AstroGlide onto my vibrator. He did and started to stroke his hard cock to further tease me. "You put it in," I told him.

He pouted, "Why? I thought you wanted to do it."

"You know I've never done this to someone's ass before. I don't want to hurt you." It was true enough, I don't know how much he could take and I was still picturing him with the egg.

"Fine," he replied after a few moments. He sounded a little disappointed. "But you're still fucking me." I watched him shove my vibrator into his ass, his face showed only slight pain but his twitching cock belied his pleasure. "Now fuck me," he demanded. 

I took control of my vibrator, twisting it gently as I moved it in and out of his tight ass. I had never seen him squirm with such excitement as this. I couldn't believe it. His soft moans played on my ears like I'd never heard. I stopped briefly to add more lube.

"Now suck my cock!" he demanded, breathing heavily. I took him into my mouth and resumed with my vibrator. His hips bucked wildly as I went deeper on both accounts. I looked up at his face as best I could, his lusty expression burned itself into my mind. His mouth wide open and smiling, his eyes screwed shut, the little wrinkle of his nose. His hands pressed down on my head reminding me that I was supposed to concentrate on sucking his cock. I let him slip out of my mouth and looked up to spite him, then I licked all the way up the thick shaft with the very tip of my tongue. At the same moment I have him a hard thrust with my vibrator making him jump a little. A little glob of precum glistened on the head of his cock I gave that a kitten lick smiling at him. He gently lifted my chin so I could look him right in the eye. "Get on top of me."

"But why? Aren't you enjoying yourself?" Nonetheless, I adjusted myself to get on top of him. I was soaking wet and had to have him in me.

"I want to fuck you while you fuck me."

"But I like it down here."

He grabbed my long braid which had fallen over my shoulder and pulled me forward. His strong hands cradled my face as he crashed his lips into mine, his tongue forced its way into my mouth with all his demanding. "I want to be in you," he purred, always so fucking sexy. I couldn't resist -not that I intended to. I gave him another hard thrust with my vibrator, he kissed me again and lifted me on top of him guiding me down his cock. Even with how wet I was we still had minor difficulty getting him in, he pulled away choosing to make me grind my mound into his shaft. I tried to stay forward so I'd be rubbing my clit against him as I reached behind to make sure I was still fucking him. It was an awkward position.

"Here, you take over," I said a bit frustrated. My clit was so swollen with need I didn't know how much longer I could take not having him. I put his hand on the end of my vibrator then took his cock in my hand lining it up with my hole and slamming myself down onto him. This time there wasn't any trouble getting him inside me. We both moaned loudly as we joined. My hands found his shoulders and grasped them as I rode him wildly. The walls of my pussy clamped down tightly as I came hard. His hips rose as he worked with himself and at the same time buried his cock deeper into me. He felt so big it was crazy. A light sheen of sweat covered his heaving chest. The dampness that had gathered between our legs gathered into a puddle and he slipped out of me. He hurried to get himself back inside me -his cock found its way into my ass.

This was new for me, had never been able to easily take it up my ass on top before but now it felt amazing. He thought so too. In and out, in and out. Harder, faster, harder. Make me ride you. Fuck my ass because you know I love it. I threw my head back as I sat up completely straight taking him all the way in. His left hand squeezed my hip as his right removed my vibrator from his ass. He flipped me onto my bed without removing himself from me and continued to fuck me sideways.

"What's this for?" I asked, curious about his sudden change of tactic.

"I let you fuck my ass," he whispered in my ear. Love bite, lick. "Now I want to fuck you with this," he shoved his cock deeper into my ass. "And with this." He put the unused dildo to my lips. "Now suck it."

I looked at him in disbelief yet again. "Both at once?" He smiled and pressed the head of the dildo into my mouth, I took it in without further comment. I could tell he liked watching me blow the dildo, he looked fascinated with the movement of my lips sliding over the silicone. He kissed me not taking it from my mouth. I started to give it the same attention I had given to him. My tongue made little rings up and down the shaft of the dildo and his followed mine. I brought my tongue up to the tip one last time as he pulled it out of my mouth and rubbed it down my body. "Both at once?" I asked again. He pulled his cock mostly out of my ass then thrust the dildo into my pussy. I couldn't contain a gasp as he did. I couldn't decide if it hurt or I liked it. I could hear myself getting louder with each alternating thrust he made.

"Now you do it," he commanded putting my hand on the end of the dildo. "Fuck yourself while I fuck you." I did as I was told working out a new rhythm with him. He fucked me harder forcing me to keep up. He was going to come and he wanted me to first.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" I gasped, I felt myself have another orgasm. His hand tightened its grip on my raised thigh. I could feel a deeper throbbing in my ass. He was still coming as he pulled out.

All of my weight became dead -he had never fucked me like that before. He collapsed next to me, draping his arm over my body.

"How's that?" he asked, sated for the moment.

I shook my head and closed my eyes. "I still don't believe you."

I knew he was smiling as he snuggled into me. "I know." He kissed my neck, "I'll get you again later," he whispered huskily.