 Finally, the bell rang. Class was over. Seth sighed a heavy sigh of relief.

"Alright, guys, remember! The test on Chapter 4 is when?"

The class sighed, grumbled and in a collectively defeated unison, replied, "Tomorrow."

"Right. Also, remember, if you do better on this test than the previous one, I will drop your first test grade and count this one twice." A little incentive and hopefully, the class would appreciate his teaching a little more. No excited responses. The life of a teacher, he thought. You give them a treat and they still think you're a fucking prick. He moved to his desk, settling in for his afternoon break. One class period off, one more after that and the day was done. He glanced up, watching his students file out, picking out some of their conversations and smiled to himself. I remember when I was in your shoes, guys. It's not as bad as you think, you'll see.

He became so engrossed with his grade book, that he didn't see her quietly approach the desk. 

"Mr. Allen?"

When she spoke his name in her husky voice, he jumped, startled right out of his train of thought. "Ah, yes, Ms. Wolfe? How can I help you?"

Jadyn Wolfe was a knockout for her 18 years of age. Her silky blue-black hair framed her delicate face, and those sapphire blue eyes were enough to pierce your heart. Her blue blouse and short skirt, perhaps a little too tight, hugged her perfect curves in all the right places and when she walked with those long slender legs, she seemed to glide untouchably through a crowd. Jadyn gave off a seductive aroma of mystery; all the men wanted her, all the girls hated her. She paid them all no mind, and mainly kept to herself. She seemed unbreakable, and even sexier, untouchable.

She brushed her long hair over her shoulder and tilted her head to the side. "Um, I was wondering if you had any time later on today, after school, if you could help explain some concepts from the chapter to me. I didn't do so hot on the first test and I'm really worried about tomorrow's."

Seth pressed his fingertips together, trying not to look into her piercing eyes for too long. He freely admitted to himself the first time he saw her that she was sexy, but all teachers know it's suicide to have an affair with a student. The thought had crossed his mind before, her naked body engulfing his member as he pumped into her, their sweaty bodies making sweet music together on his desk...

He shook his head, erasing the image out of his head. Jadyn narrowed her eyes slightly, smirking slightly as if she had telepathically read his desires. "Well, Ms. Wolfe, I normally don't tutor students. I encourage you to study with others from the class so you can all benefit the same and perhaps help each other learn something new. I don't want it to seem like I'm playing favorites...." his voice trailed off. 

She nodded. "I understand. Um, thanks anyways." She turned to leave.

"But," he continued. What are you doing? "I suppose I could help you a bit later. I have some time around say, 2:45. Is that okay for you?" No playing favorites, Seth! 

Jadyn smiled that sexy smile of hers. "That's perfect. Thanks so much, Mr. Allen. I really appreciate it."

"No problem, Jadyn. See you then." She smiled again, and strolled out of the room, that sexy body teasing him all the way out. 

His smile quickly turned to confusion. Control yourself, Seth, he thought. She's a student. She probably just wants help for the test. No big deal. "Yeah," he said aloud. "No big deal."

The rest of the day flew by. As 2:45 rolled around, Seth was engulfed in correcting the homework assignment handed in by his 8th period class. C'mon, this is not brain surgery. You need to study a little more. His red pen scribbled comments and he added it to the already critiqued work. He sighed. He loved teaching, but it always pissed him off when students did poorly. He glanced out the window, watching the rain pattering against the windows. He was so engrossed in his work that he didn't even realize it had begun to rain. Hopefully, it would taper off after he and Jadyn were through. Jadyn. Even the sound of her name in his mind turned him on. He let his mind wander to fantasy as the bulge in his pants grew, imagining Jadyn in the showers after gym class. The hot steamy water running down her skin, her body gliding soap to clean off the dirt from the day. Her mouth parts, and she sighs as she discreetly slides her hand down toward her sex. With her fingers, she strokes herself up and down along her lips. Moaning, she dares further to slide her fingers into her pussy, letting her juices guide her fingers towards an amazing release. Harder and faster she thrusts, moaning louder and louder until she climaxes and collapses to her knees, sighing out "Seth..." as she comes down from heaven...

A soft knock on the door startled him back to reality. Seth cleared his throat and pushed himself closer to the desk to disguise his bulge. "Come in!" he called out.

Jadyn walked in with her bag over her shoulder. She quietly shut the door, silently locking it when he looked down. "Thanks again, Mr. Allen. I hope this helps me get my grades up," she said as she sat in the seat next to his desk. Seth flashed her a quick smile, as he picked up the piles of papers and put them in his briefcase. "No problem, Ms. Wolfe. Now, what questions do you have for me?" 

She inched the chair closer to him; her blouse was unbuttoned slightly, giving him a nice view of her perfect breasts. He glanced down quickly, a small wave of passion running down to his already solid member. He looked back up to find her blue eyes piercing him. Shit. Caught.

"I was wondering if you could explain to me the difference between Britain's Parliament versus our form of government. I can't seem to understand it," her husky voice milking the words out, almost as if she was teasing him. Her eyes studied him closely as he fumbled for words to speak. Relax, Seth. She's just a student. Somehow that didn't seem to have an effect anymore. "Sure" was all he could manage to sputter out. 

The lesson continued, and as he tried to stay focused, he couldn't help get the thought of pleasuring Jadyn out of his head. Running his tongue everywhere on her skin, exploring her body with his strong hands...it was all too tempting. He sighed heavily when she finally nodded her head, smiled and said, "Ok, I think I got it. Thanks for your help, Mr. Allen." 

"You're welcome Jadyn. I hope I've been at least slightly helpful." Seth reclined back in his chair as she got up to pack her bag. You've survived Seth, good job. He closed his eyes and leaned his head back.

Jadyn cleared her throat and brushed her hair behind her ear. "You know, I really appreciate this." She turned around to face him. "I owe you a favor."

She silently slinked in between Seth and his desk and sat down on the edge. Seth opened his eyes to find her sitting in front of him, her hands gripping the edge of his desk, her eyes rested on his. "No, no, Ms. Wolfe." He stammered. "I'm your teacher. I get paid to teach you. You don't have to do anything for me."

"What if I want to?" She kept her eyes on his, her gaze not shifting. Seth swallowed. "Jadyn, I, uh...I...can't accept any, um, favors..."

He watched her hand move up to her blouse and one by one, she unbuttoned it, exposing her black lace bra. "This isn't a favor, Mr. Allen. This is called lust. I saw you staring at my breasts earlier, and I've seen the way you look at me during class. I know you want me, I can see it in your eyes." She slid her blouse off her shoulders and tossed it aside. "I'm ready and willing, Seth. I'm yours for the taking."

When she said his name, his desire consumed him. He stood up and put his hands on her shoulders. "I can't Jadyn. You know how much trouble..."

She interrupted him by passionately kissing him. Her tongue probed his as her fingers ran through his hair. He lost control and kissed her back, running his hands down her back onto her ass, giving it a tight squeeze. He pushed her back on the desk, breaking their kiss. "God, I want you," he growled in a low voice as he attacked her neck with his mouth. Jadyn sighed as she tilted her head back. "I know," she whispered into his ear. 

Seth ran his hands up to her breasts. Fondling them through the lace material, he heard Jadyn moan softly. He moved his mouth back up to hers, letting all the desire that built up for the past month and a half flow out. Jadyn grabbed his shirt and ripped it open, revealing his chiseled chest. She ran her fingernails down his abdomen, causing Seth to growl as his tongue ran across her lips. He grabbed the zipper of her skirt, until Jadyn stepped back and shimmied out of it. She turned around and bent over, showing off her matching lace thong as she stepped out of her skirt. Seth ran his hands over her ass cheeks and sighed. She grabbed the desk as he laid over her, kissing her back as he undid the clasp to her bra. Her breasts fell out as he threw her bra to the floor; he cupped her naked breasts and grinded his stiff member into her backside. She seductively laughed and turned around. His mouth trailed down her collarbone and onto her nipple, licking and sucking it as he cupped her other breast. Jadyn moaned as he nibbled her nipple softly and grabbed his hair again. "God, Seth, that feels so good," she panted. He continued to suck on her nipple as she felt down to his belt, undoing it and pulling his pants and boxers off. She ran her finger along his erect member, causing Seth to tilt his head back in pleasure. She stood up and stared into his lust filled eyes. "Sit down," she commanded, her sapphire eyes weakening his knees. 

She dropped to her knees and spread his legs. As she ran her nails on the inside of his thighs, Seth moaned, anticipating her mouth on his cock. Her tongue ran slowly up his thigh, and down the other, just missing his sensitive spot. "Please..." he whispered. 

Jadyn smiled at him and wrapped her mouth around the head, gripping the base of his penis. "Like that?" she teased. "Yes..." Seth begged. She stroked his penis as she took him all in. He rolled his eyes back into his head, amazed at her talents. She began to bob up and down slowly, sensually licking his member like an ice cream cone to slow his climax. He ran his fingers into her hair and guided her head on his cock. She twisted her grip in the opposite directions as she twisted her mouth. Seth glanced down to look at her sucking him off. The voyeurism was too much for him to handle. He felt his balls begin to tighten, and anticipated an amazing orgasm. "Oh fuck, Jadyn. I'm gonna come soon..." he said in a hoarse whisper. She tightened her grip on his cock and began to suck harder and faster. The combination of the wetness of her mouth and the grip of her hand was too much for him. He moaned as he unleashed spurt after spurt of semen into her mouth, gasping for air after every cry. He watched as she swallowed it all, not spilling a drop of come out of her mouth. After what seemed an eternity of pleasure, he came down from his high as he member softened. He sighed as she stood up, "That was incredible. But now it's my turn." Jadyn flashed him her wicked smile. "So take me."

Seth pushed her back on the desk and pulled off her thong. He laid her down as his tongue trailed down her midsection, towards her navel. He teased her a bit by running the tip of his tongue around it, and slowly moved it down to her thighs. He spread her legs apart, inhaling the addictive aroma of her womanhood, moist and wet from all their foreplay. He rubbed her breasts and he slowly inched his tongue towards her slit. As Jadyn moaned, he whispered, "Not yet" and sank his fingers into her wet pussy. He pumped them up and down as she moved her hips in synchronous motion to his fingers. He leaned down again and found her clitoris, which he flicked with the tip of his tongue. Jadyn yelped and pulled his head towards her pussy. "Lick me," she commanded, which he happily obliged. 

As he continued to thrust his fingers deep inside her, Seth licked her pussy lips in figure eights, moistening every inch of her sex with his tongue. Jadyn bucked her hips against his face, engulfing every lick, suck, kiss and nibble he offered into her pussy. He finger fucked her harder and licked her faster, stopping only to ask her, "You want more?" Jadyn felt her orgasm approaching. "Oh my god Seth, lick me. I'm gonna come!" Her breathing became heavy as the sweat appeared on her breasts. As her orgasm engulfed her, she cried out. Her orgasm was so sexy; his member stiffened at the sight of her flushed face and she sighed as Seth drank up her juices.

"Oh my god," she sighed as she sat up. "That was amazing." She opened her eyes and glanced at his stiff cock. She kissed him as she commanded to him. "Fuck me, Seth," she moaned. "I need to feel you inside me."

That's all he needed to here. His wildest fantasy was about to come true.

Seth guided his cock to her opening. There, he teased her by slowly rubbing the head up and down her slit. She sighed and pierced him with her eyes. "Tease," she moaned. 

"You're one to talk." Seth growled as he plunged his cock all the way inside her. Once he was all the way inside, he stopped to look at Jadyn recover from taking him all in. Her mouth hanging open, a sigh resting on her tongue, she slowly began to rock her hips into Seth's. He grabbed her hips and began to grind her back. She opened her eyes and kissed him. "Fuck me harder," she whispered her command. Seth slowly began to buck harder; her wet pussy swallowed his throbbing cock entirely with each thrust. This is what you've been waiting for, Seth. Make the most of it. Sweat began to pour fro their bodies as they slapped their hips together on the desk. "Faster. Harder. Oh god, Seth, fuck me!" Jadyn groaned. Their bodies began to grind faster and Seth could feel his balls tightening again. Jadyn wrapped her legs around him and pulled him closer. Together, they moaned and released their orgasm, and Seth pumped her full of his cum. Jadyn sighed as she collapsed into his arms, her head resting on his shoulder. Once she came down from coming, she turned to face Seth and tenderly kissed him in between her gasping breaths. "Thank for all your help," she whispered as she bit his lower lip. Seth smiled. "My pleasure. Let me know if you need any more after school help." 

Jadyn grinned. "Well, I do need help with the essay you assigned for next week. Is tomorrow ok?"

"Definitely." Seth replied, a wicked glint flashing in his eye. I guess not all the students think I'm a fucking prick when I give them a treat.