 John shouldn't have still been in the building at all. It was Friday afternoon and school had let out 30 minutes earlier. The hallways were dark and empty as the other students were all long gone. John needed to ask the Chemistry teacher Sally Pearson a question about an assignment so he walked quickly and quietly down the hallway hoping that she was still there. He found the door to her room cracked open slightly so he pulled the door open silently and walked in quietly shutting the door behind him. 

Sally was nowhere in sight so John was about to leave, but then he heard some unusual sounds coming from behind the large book case at the back of the room. John slowly walked towards the book case. As he got closer he noticed a pair of shoes, a pair of socks, a pair of slacks, and a blouse sitting on a table at the end of the book case. He recognized them as the clothes that Sally had been wearing in class earlier that day.

The sound had become louder as John got closer to the book case and he began to realize what it was. The sound was a mechanical buzzing noise like that made by a vibrator and there were also the undeniable sounds of a woman experiencing pleasure. 

John, still out of view, quietly pulled out his cell phone, flipped it to video mode, filmed the clothes on the table and then inched his way around the end of the book case until he could see what was going on behind it. 

What he saw was absolutely. Sally was half reclined in a desk chair rubbing her clit with one hand while probing her pussy with the vibrator in her other hand. The only clothing she was still wearing was her bra though her panties were around her ankles. Sally's eyes were closed so at first she had no idea John was there. He filmed her for nearly a minute before Sally opened her eyes.

When she saw John standing in front of her Sally screamed and tried to cover herself with her hands dropping the vibrator to the floor in the process.

"Shh...you'd better keep it down or someone might hear you. You wouldn't want someone to come in here and find you like this would you?" John asked.

"John...get out of here right now." Sally said.

"Or what?" John asked.

"Or you'll be in deep trouble." Sally said.

John smiled.

"I'll be in deep trouble? I'm not the one that's been recorded on video naked and masturbating on school property Sally." John said.

"Oh god you were filming that?" Sally asked.

"I still am. These camera phones are getting better and better at taking video every day." John said.

"John please stop filming and give me my clothes." Sally said.

"Ah yes...your clothes. You mean like these?" John asked.

John panned the camera to the floor as he crouched down and picked up Sally's panties from where they had slipped off of her ankles when she jumped at seeing John. He held them up to the camera and then held them to his nose.

"Oh my they're really wet. Someone was being naughty. My oh my what a heavenly aroma." John said.

"Okay John...ha ha...you caught me. You've seen me naked...gotten your thrill...now stop messing around and give me my clothes." Sally said.

"I suppose I could do that Sally. It seems like it's the right thing to do. Then again...how often am I going to find myself in this position of power? No...I don't think I'll give you your clothes Sally...at least not yet." John said.

"What do you mean? Give them to me NOW!" Sally said.

"If you want to get snippy I'll just take your clothes and leave...how do you like that?" John asked.

John turned to grab Sally's clothes.

"NO! Don't do that John. It's clear that you have my by the balls here." Sally said.

"From where I'm standing you don't seem to have any balls, but I do have you backed into a corner both literally and figuratively." John said.

Sally sighed heavily.

"Okay John...what do you want? What do I have to do to get my clothes back and get you to erase that video?" Sally asked sounding defeated.

John smiled.

"Well...the first thing I want is for you to take your bra off. It seems ridiculous to have it on when everything else is sitting over here." John said.

"John...I'm not..." Sally said.

"You're not what? You're not in any position to argue with me? You're right...you aren't. Now take your bra off." John said.

Sally's head dropped in defeat as she reached behind her back and released her bra. She pulled it off.

"Toss it over here so I can put it with the rest of your clothes." John said.

Sally hesitated before tossing the bra to John.

"That's a good girl. You have very nice breasts Sally. I've wanted to see them since I first saw you and they were worth the wait. Now...pick up your little toy and go back to what you were doing when I came in." John said.

Sally looked at John. The video that he was taking of her would get her fired in a heartbeat. It would humiliate her publicly and destroy her reputation. If he wanted to he could easily grab her clothes and run out leaving her stranded naked in the school. She realized that her only option was to comply with what he wanted in the hopes that pleasing him would convince him to delete the video and give her her clothes back. Sally reached down, picked her vibrator back up and returned it to her pussy as she started rubbing her clit again.

"That's a good girl...play with your nipples too." John said.

Sally moved from rubbing her clit to playing with her nipples. John watched for a while as Sally played with herself.

"I know you're nervous Sally, but with as wet as your panties were and with as into it as you were when I got here I know you need to cum really bad. Let it happen. Don't worry about me being here. The better the show the better your chances of getting your clothes back." John said.

John watched for several more minutes as Sally intensified her efforts. Finally Sally's body shuddered and she gritted her teeth and moaned as she exploded into an orgasm.

"That was really impressive Sally. Now...stand up, turn around, bend over and grab your ankles...I know you're flexible enough." John said.

Sally knew what was going to happen next, but she was in no position to protest so she stood up, turned around and bent at the waist. She grabbed her ankles as instructed. John quickly opened his pants and stepped forward.

"John, please don't...oh god." Sally said.

She had started to protest, but when John pushed his 8 inch cock into her the air was forced from her lungs and she was unable to speak.

"Keep holding your ankles." John said.

Sally had been shocked and terrified when John shoved his cock into her, but as he started fucking her she could feel its length and thickness filling her like no man ever had before. It had been so long since she'd been with a man and John was certainly a man.

"Can I lean up and bend over the chair...I can hardly breathe like this." Sally said.

"Sure...I don't want you to die on me." John said.

Sally raised herself up and grabbed the back of the chair as John continued to fuck her. For several minutes John fucked Sally, but then he pulled his cock out of her, turned her around, and pushed her to her knees.

Knowing what was expected of her and incredibly turned on Sally took John's cock in her mouth and started sucking and stroking it.

"That's right...that feels so good." John said.

Sally sucked John's cock for several minutes before pulling his cock out of her mouth. He pulled her to her feet, moved her so she was sitting on the edge of the table, and pushed his cock into her. He started slowly fucking her while lowering his mouth to her breasts and then forcibly kissed her.

After several minutes John pulled out of her, moved her back to her position bent over the chair and started fucking her from behind again. After several minutes of slowly fucking her John started fucking Sally harder and faster. 

Finally John grunted as he pumped his cum deep inside Sally. John held on to Sally's hips for a minute with his cock still inside her. Finally John pulled his cock out of Sally's pussy. She was out of breath so she turned and flopped into the chair. John zipped his pants up, walked over to the table, and picked up Sally's clothes.

"Here...you might need these so you don't have to go home naked." John said.

He gave Sally everything but her bra and panties.

"Thank you...what about my underwear?" Sally asked.

"I'm keeping them as a trophy." John said.

"Please don't tell anyone where you got them." Sally said.

"Who would believe me even if I did?" John asked.

"Will you please erase that video now?" Sally asked.

"That depends on you Sally." John said.

"What do you mean?" Sally asked.

"I want to fuck you again. Do I need to use the video as leverage to make you fuck me again or will you willingly fuck me again?" John asked.

"I'll have sex with you again John, but not here at the school like this. I could lose my job and maybe even go to jail if anyone found out." Sally said.

"But I can fuck you again somewhere else?" John asked.

"Yes John." Sally said.

"Fair enough." John said.

John grabbed his phone and erased the video.

"Okay, it's gone." John said.

"Thank you John." Sally said.

"So since we can't do it here again I guess I should come over to your house tomorrow then huh?" John asked.

"My house?" Sally asked nervously.

"I want to fuck you again as soon as possible. Tomorrow is Saturday. If we aren't going to do it here at school the next best place to do it would be your house. Since tomorrow is Saturday we'll have a lot more time than we did today right?" John asked.

"Um...I guess so." Sally said nervously.

John smiled.

"Great. What time should I come over?" John asked.

"Um...let's say...9:00." Sally said.

"Sounds good to me." John said.

"Just be sure to park down the street or a block away or something so nobody sees your car in front of my house. Oh and don't use the front door. I'll leave the gate unlocked so you can come through the back yard and come through the back door when you get there." Sally said.

John smiled.

"Can I go through your back door tomorrow?" John asked.

He put his hand on Sally's ass.

"I'm not sure it will fit, but we can try." Sally said.

John smiled.

"I've got a feeling that this is going to be a great school year. I'll see you tomorrow." John said.