 This is my fifth story about Jeff and Megan. For a better background and more detail on them please start with "Their Best V-Day Ever." As always any comments are welcomed. Sorry its been so long since my last submission. 

Enjoy...

* * * * *

It had been several months since Jeff and Megan had been alone together. Megan's boys were going to be gone for the next week to their fathers, and that meant they were finally going to have that time they needed so badly. Unfortunately at the last minute Jeff had to plan a trip to Memphis for the whole week to take care of some problems with his customers. 

Jeff was so disappointed because in the past months every time they had planned on getting together something always came up that disrupted their plans. This time it was his fault, and he had looked so forward to spending the whole week in bed with Megan. 

Jeff called Megan immediately and let her know the bad news. He could tell from the long pause and sadness in her voice that she was disappointed too. Jeff promised to call after he got in to Memphis, and that he would see if he could correct the problems and get home quicker. 

Jeff knew that would be almost impossible, and racked his brain trying to find a way to be with Megan. After talking to her he suggested that she work extra hours for the next several days, that way being able to take off Friday and fly out and see him. They could spend the entire weekend in Memphis in his suite. He knew his plan probably wouldn't work, and Megan let him know it probably wouldn't work either, but she would try.

Jeff told her he would leave a key at the front desk for her, just in case she changed her mind. 

The week went by so slowly for Jeff. Knowing that Megan was home alone each night, and he was stuck in Memphis in his hotel room. He knew there'd be no way she'd be able to make it out. They had tried it before in the past, but her boss never would let her off. 

Thursday finally rolled around, Jeff was so excited, after today he was going to be able to get an early flight home Friday and surprise Megan at work. The day was finally coming to a close. Jeff returned to his hotel around 6 o'clock. Walking down the hallway to his room his thoughts were filled with Megan. 

His key card slipped into the slot on the door, flashed green and he pushed it open. Immediately he noticed all the lights were out in his room. He knew he'd left them on as usual. As he stepped into his room he noticed several candles burning on his desk, and Enigma playing on the CD player. His first thought was "am I in the right room." 

As he passed the wall that turned the corner to wear his bed was he immediately knew he was in the right room. Speechless Jeff stared at the bed. Before him lay Megan! 

"Hey handsome" came from her lips. 

Jeff was totally shocked and still recovering from the best surprise he'd ever had in his life. Before him lay the sexiest most beautiful woman in the world. And to top it all off she had on the outfit she had bought for him at Christmas that he'd totally forgotten about. She had never gotten around to wearing it for him, and had forgotten about it herself until the other weekend when she was cleaning out her closet. 

It was an outfit she had gotten at the GAP. All Jeff could see was a long red waffle like pattern of a shirt that just barely covered her crotch. The neck line had several buttons on it which were all undone giving him a nice view of her beautiful breasts. Jeff new what was underneath it though. A sexy matching bra and panties. They were red with little white flowers on them, and trimmed in lace. And the panties were the little boy short type that he loved so much. 

Coming back to reality, Jeff dropped his briefcase and started shedding his clothes. Megan motioned for him to come over next to the bed. As he made his way over Megan slid over to the side just as Jeff made it over. Looking into each other's eyes Megan brought her hands up to Jeff's pants. Slowly and seductively loosening his belt, next pulling down his zipper and pushing his pants down. 

Megan licked her lips, not breaking eye contact with Jeff. Finally lowering Jeff's tented boxers and receiving her prize. She had been going over this in her head all week, knowing she was gonna surprise Jeff and what his reaction would be. She was right about all of it, it couldn't have been any more perfect. 

Megan gently and oh so quickly gave Jeff's cock a little squeeze and licked the tip before laying back on the bed. Jeff slowly made his way down to the bed taking all of Megan's beauty in. Bringing his body up next to hers. Their eyes locked in a lovers embrace. 

Jeff's hands started running up and down Megan's body. Feeling her silky smooth legs and running his had through her beautiful hair. Their bodies inching towards each other as they met in a passionate kiss. Tongues swirling around, Jeff pulled Megan in as close as possible feeling the heat radiating from her body. 

Sitting back only long enough to pull the red shirt from Megan's body, and to take in the erotic sight of Megan's outfit, Jeff once again resumed kissing the woman he loved so much. It had been so long since they had been together like this. Both wanted it to last as long as possible, but on the other hand they both wanted to devour each other's bodies. 

Jeff made the first move, slowly taking his kisses away from her lips, and down to her neck. Megan let out a low moan. Jeff's kisses making their way up to her sensitive ears. Sucking gently, Megan's body beginning to undulate against Jeff. Megan started to pull away not being able to stand it anymore. Jeff knew she was ready for his tongue to be other places. 

Making his way to her bra covered breasts, Jeff discovered another surprise. He didn't know the bra had a front clasp. Slowly releasing the clasp Jeff freed Megan's perfect breasts. He loved them so much, so round and perfect, just barely sagging giving them the perfect shape. Moving his tongue around each breast careful not to touch her sensitive nipples. Megan's hands running through his hair, trying to pull his mouth closer to its goal. Finally giving in Jeff took each nipple in to his mouth separately. Swirling his tongue around the sensitive skin, sucking gently, feeling them expand even more in his mouth. 

Megan's body was on fire, it had been so long since she had been turned on this much. She longed to have Jeff's talented tongue on her most intimate part. Feeling him part her hot wet slit with his tongue. She had to have it now. Pushing ever so gently, subtly telling Jeff what she wanted. 

Jeff took the hint immediately and began making his way down to her navel. Licking around her belly button, before making his way further south. As soon as he reached her sexy panties her intoxicating sweet smell instantly filled his nostrils. As much as he wanted to dive right in, he decided to tease her a little more. She was so good at teasing him the past months, it was time to pay her back a little. 

Planting small kisses on her slit through her panties he made his way back to her inner thighs. Trailing a wet kiss that didn't ever break contact with her skin, down her right thigh, behind her knee, which drove her wild. On down to her toned calves, and then repeating the same route back up her left leg. As he approached her pussy, he felt her juices starting to run down her thighs. Looking up he saw that her panties were completely soaked and clinging to every inch of her pussy. 

As her legs began shaking slightly he knew she had had enough. Gently tugging down her panties, exposing more and more of her shaved pussy as he went, til he was pulling them off her ankles. Sitting back for a second he admired her well sculpted body. She looked so delicious, and he was about to sample the best she had to offer.

Jeff held his mouth inches from her sopping wet pussy. Taking in her smell once again, and watching as she tried to spread her legs, to allow him full access. Starting right outside the opening to her moist hole, Jeff started sucking and licking her puffy outer lips. Taking one in his mouth at a time pulling them away from her body, cleaning them of all the wonderfully sweet juices that coated them. 

As Megan's moans grew louder, and her hands continued to push his mouth closer to its target, Jeff gave in and let his tongue come in contact with her hot slit. Parting it slightly feeling every ridge, and her slick textured walls. Letting out a moan of his own, Jeff gave in fully allowing his tongue to fully penetrate Megan to the deepest it could. Still avoiding her clit, Jeff gave into that too. 

Planting small kisses all over it, and gently licking it with his tongue. That's all Megan could take, her orgasm had been building for so long. Her whole body started shaking, her legs locking on to Jeff's head. His tongue still working at her pussy, bringing her closer and closer. His hands reaching up to grab her breasts, pinching her nipples, and sending her over the edge!!!

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, Yessssssssssssssssssss, I'm...Cccc...uuuu...Mmmmingggggggg!

Megan's juices gushed out of her pussy filling Jeff's mouth. Jeff sucking and swallowing as fast as he could, not wanting to let any of the precious juices go to waste. Megan's hips began thrusting off the bed, grinding into Jeff's tongue. 

Finally as her orgasm started to subside, Jeff's slowed his ministrations, allowing Megan to lay back exhausted. Releasing Jeff's head from her legs, her body still shaking slightly in the aftermath of the most powerful orgasm she had had in such a long time. 

Jeff however wasn't through, it had been so long since he got to make love to her pussy with his tongue, and he was gonna make this moment last as long as possible. Slowly Jeff began massaging her pussy with his tongue again. Licking and kissing all around. Next bringing a finger to the entrance of her juicy pussy. 

Slowly inching it forward into her hot tight cavern of love. Feeling her walls grasp each inch of his finger and pull it deeper inside. Megan began to feel what Jeff was doing and started responding again. Slow at first she began rocking her hips to meet Jeff's finger. Slowly working its way back and forth inside her. His tongue making light touches to her throbbing clit. Sending bolts of energy all through her body. 

Jeff took his time for what seemed like hours. Megan's body building closer and closer to yet another orgasm. Not as powerful as the first but none the less awesome. Megan's body convulsed again to Jeff's ministrations. Coating Jeff's face once again with her sweet nectar. Finally Megan could stand no more and pushed Jeff's face away.

Making his way back up her body, kissing all along the way Jeff finally was back where he started. Eye to eye with Megan. Looking into her eyes, with a big smile on his face, feeling the love coming from her eyes. Once again kissing the lips that made him feel high on life. 

After laying in each others arms for a bit, Megan was recovered enough to continue. Now it was her turn to return the favor to Jeff, and tease him as she had him. First she started kissing him again, but with a twist. Taking his lower lip into her mouth, gently sucking on it, and driving him wild. Jeff's moans were the ones filling the room now. 

Next Megan decided to go ahead and seal the deal, moving to his ears, she started blowing in his ears, and talking dirty to him. Letting her tongue occasionally flick out to touch his ear. 

Jeff's hands were all over Megan now, pulling her on top of him, his hands traveling down her back to squeeze her sexy ass. God he wanted her so bad, but she wasn't ready to give in yet!

Making her way down his broad chest, kissing his nipples briefly, before making her way to his large cock. Grasping it with her hand, slowly stroking it to its full length. Feeling it pulse to the beat of his heart. 

Megan began to plant small kisses all up and down his shaft, letting her tongue come out to flick his sensitive head. Next moving down to his balls, gently sucking one then the other in to her mouth. Swirling them around with her tongue, as her hand continued to massage his cock. 

Megan knew Jeff couldn't take the teasing like she had, and she's the one that surprised him, and now she was gonna make due on her promise. Plunging his long hard meat into her hot wet mouth, Megan began sucking his cock. Up and down she went, feeling all his veins with her tongue. Feeling him swell even more in her mouth. His precum oozing out, as she swallowed it down her throat. Loving the taste, as he loved hers. 

Jeff laid back and watched as Megan took his cock in and out of her mouth. Going deeper each time she put it back in. His hands running through her hair, pulling it out of the way so he could see her eyes locking with his. As he approached an orgasm himself, he pulled Megan off. Wanting so bad to cum in her sweet mouth, and give her the cum she so badly wanted, he was ready to make love to her more. 

Megan saw in Jeff's eyes what he wanted, and knew what he would really love. Crawling up towards Jeff, remaining on top, Megan reached around behind her and took hold of his cock. Massaging it against her dripping pussy, teasing her clit briefly. Finally making eye contact with Jeff, in one quick motion he was buried up to the hilt in Megan's tight pussy. Both letting out long moans. Feeling each others bodies connect as they hadn't done in so long.

Megan's walls squeezing and massaging every inch of Jeff's large cock. Slowly rocking back and forth on top of Jeff. His hands running up her flat stomach to her awesome tits, hanging down in front of him. It's Jeff's favorite view, getting to tweak her nipples as he stares into her eyes. Hearing her moan as she squeezes her inner muscles tighter around his thick cock. 

Jeff watches intently as Megan begins to rock her hips in that special way only she can, making her ass sway back and forth so hypnotically. Jeff's hands coming to rest on her hips as their speed starts to increase. Both moans becoming louder. Megan grinding her pubic bone into his, putting more pressure on her throbbing clit. 

Megan's body begins to start shaking again as her body breaks out in another orgasm. Falling forward onto Jeff's chest, his hands coming to rest on her ass, pulling her closer to him. His hips starting to rise off the bed ever so slowly continuing to pump in and out of Megan's pussy. Her orgasm continuing to rush through her body, now lying limp on top of Jeff's.

Minutes later as her orgasm subsides she rolls off of Jeff and onto her back. Jeff rolls over also and crawls between Megan's sexy legs. For a brief second pausing at her pussy to get a quick taste, before continuing up to place his cock back inside her. 

Watching his cock disappear back inside Megan's hot pussy is so erotic, her lips parting to accept his cock, sucking him back in. Jeff leans down to kiss Megan briefly before lying down on top of her completely. Running his hands underneath her body to grab on to her sexy toned ass. Gripping it firmly and getting his hips into a rhythm as he pumps his cock in and out of her tight pussy. 

Megan's and Jeff's moans begin to fill the air. Drowning out the music playing in the background. Jeff's cock continuing to plow in and out of Megan's sweet pussy. Both rapidly approaching massive orgasms. 

Megan's arms grasping Jeff tighter and tighter. Her nails starting to dig into his back, spurring him on to pick up his pace. 

Megan's mouth latching onto Jeff's shoulder, biting softly as her orgasm starts to take over. Releasing his shoulder she screams out, just as Jeff does the same.

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Megannnnnnn...Jefffffffffffffffff!!

Feeling his boiling hot cum empty deep into her pussy, her juices gushing out to meet his. Mixing together inside her. The heat is unbearable inside her pussy, as her orgasm builds higher and higher. Jeff's hands squeezing her ass so hard as he pumps the last drops of his seed deep inside her. 

Both their bodies going numb as they lay in each other's arms in the after glow of their powerful orgasms. Their eyes locked on each other's, both knowing it had been too long.