 Chapter 5 -- The Pink Dress 

We let a whole month pass this time, since we had seen each other quite often during the recent months. I was wondering if Thuy had brought up the topic of her defloration again at the office. Nguyet would tell me as soon as there was any news, I assumed. In a way, Thuy's wish to be deflowered and have a sensual adventure was enticing and made perfect sense. It still struck me as odd, though, that Thuy had thought it would be appropriate to ask a coworker if she was a virgin. 

This time I wanted us to go to a nicer coffee shop, somewhere in town. Yes, we could be seen there but drinking coffee together wasn't illegal. Going to a trendier place in town was also a chance to take out the beautiful pink dress again, the one Nguyet looked so stunning in. It was December now and a little nippy. I was hoping she might be wearing pantyhose with her dress. While I wasn't a fetishist in any way, tights or stockings would look beautiful and hot on her; I had seen it at work, back in the day. For some reason, I didn't want to ask her directly, however. 

She still had a day off during the week and that's when we met. There was a new, dainty coffee house on the south side of town. It had a fish pond, typical Southeast Asian architecture, flowers, plants, little paths, and lots of semi-secluded seating areas with white wooden benches or swings, or white metal table-and-chair sets that looked like they could be used for wedding shots. Across the street was a fairly new hotel that rented rooms by the hour. Like a gas station, they had a digital board outside that showed the rates, as if they were subject to sudden changes. 

I waited for Nguyet outside, as the place was so big that we might not be able to find each other. And there she was, just as I was done smoking. She was wearing the pink dress, yes. She took off her helmet and her wrap-around skirt and revealed stocking-clad legs, just as I had envisioned them. She smiled and we walked in. She walked more gracefully, more lady-like than last time, because she was wearing high heels. 

She wanted to sit on one of those white metal sets, which was surrounded by bushes and flowers on three sides. We ordered drinks and then I admired her fully. She had washed her hair just this morning, I presumed, and her new glasses looked elegant. Her dress was not plain pink, but it had a whitish-silver flower pattern printed onto the thick fabric. The lowest third of her skirt was made of gauze so I could see her knees. Her pantyhose (or stockings?) was relatively thick and of light color. 

"You look absolutely beautiful again today," I said. 

"Thanks," she smiled. 

"Your dress is marvelous already, but it's even better with the tights. Or are you wearing stockings?" I needed to know. 

"What's the difference?" she asked. 

"Pull up your dress a little. Show me your legs. Tights or pantyhose go up to your waist," I explained. "Stockings only go up your thighs. They would be even hotter." 

She did as I requested and said: "No, it goes up to her," drawing a line at her belly with one hand. 

"Stunning. Absolutely beautiful. So, what's new? Is there any news from Thuy?" I asked. 

"Well, she asks me about sex almost every day now," Nguyet laughed. "My fantasies, if the two of us have met again, what we did, you know? The other day she even lifted up her shirt in the restroom when no one else was there." 

'She's still interested, it seems," I chuckled. "So, you saw her tits in a bra?" 

The drinks arrived and we both took a sip. I lit another cigarette, and she crossed her legs. "First, she showed me her breasts in her bra, but then she snapped her bra open and asked me what I thought. I've never given much thought to other women's breasts," she admitted forlornly. "Mine are small; I guess I don't wanna compare myself to other women a lot." 

"You could. As you know, I think you are one of the most beautiful of all. Anyway, this is kinda making me hot. After the coffee, we're going to your house or a hotel? There's one right there," I said pointing across the street. 

"I know. I just saw it. My house would be safer, and my mom isn't there now. But there is no one here either," she was weighting our options. "I guess we could do it right over there." 

I admitted that I was getting horny just by looking at her. 

"Same here," she said, as she blushed and swallowed with her mouth closed. 

"I have two conflicting fantasies, though. One involves undressing you slowly, and the other fucking you in your dress, with your tights just pulled down enough to get inside your pussy. But I don't wanna damage your dress," I added. 

"We could do both. First, you fuck me over there in my dress, and then we go home and get naked. If you get another erection, we'll fuck again. If not, we'll cuddle and talk about Thuy," Nguyet was sketching our afternoon, taking my seasoned refractory period into account. "Thuy and I are planning to have a get-together in two weeks, which is just before her period. And just after mine. So, we don't have to bother with condoms." 

"Spread your legs a little and lift up your dress again," I asked her. I had been thinking about fucking Nguyet in her dress for about 10 months now. I wanted to soak in the view a little more. All I saw now was white legs in pantyhose. But that was all right. She looked stunning. 

Of course, it would have been hot if she had been wearing stockings—with panties or not—and I could see her beautiful white legs and her black bush under her skirt. One day, we would do that, I made a mental note. But right now, my desire was of a different kind. As keen as I always was to see her naked, today I was getting immensely horny by the thought of not seeing her naked while fucking her. My lust was as intense as it had been during our first afternoon. I couldn't think straight anymore. 

"Are you ready?" I asked. 

"I'm ready when you are," she nodded, and we called the waitress over. I actually walked towards her to speed up the process and got a little impatient when she wasn't procuring the change fast enough. I said goodbye and joined Nguyet outside the parking lot. She asked the attendant if we could leave our motorcycles there, as we were only going across the street and wouldn't be long. I wasn't entirely sure if Nguyet's nonchalance was a good or a bad thing, but I took it as a clear sign of her horniness. She had her priorities straight. 

We slipped the dude at the reception a bill that was about one-and-a-half times what it would have cost to rent the room for an hour. We walked up to the second floor, holding hands, and today felt more special than other occasions. I was glad that we were at a new, nice hotel. As kind as her mother's offer was, we were both adults who needed to find their own venues to fuck. I had a few other places in mind where we could go. 

When we entered the room, Nguyet left her shoes on. With her high heels, her ass would be exactly where it needed to be. I wasn't sure yet if that was the reason. She was standing right in front of me. We were looking at each other and kissed. I let me hands travel over her body for a little bit, while she opened my pants and got my dick out. She asked me to remove my underwear but put my pants back on. I did, and now I was standing in front of her with my dick protruding from my dress pants. I moved over to the window, from which we could see the coffee shop, including the table we had just been sitting at. 

She sat down on the edge of the chair next to the table and took my dick in her mouth. She sucked, licked, twirled her tongue around my glans. Her hands were on my butt. She reached into my pants to get my balls out too, which we now pressed a little from below by the zipper. My dick was pointing upward and ready to go inside her. I lifted her up gently, holding her arms. We looked at each other for a second, and then I motioned her to turn around and place her elbows onto the table. 

As her butt was protruding nicely, I lifted up her dress. I fondled her ass through her pantyhose, which I then pulled down together with her panties, but only to the bottom of her ass. Framed by all these garments I saw her glistening peach. It looked like a vertical eye, like the dragon's eye in one of those Hobbit movies, peeking at me from between all the flesh and fabric. Her butt cheeks were pressed up by the waistbands of her panties and her tights. I moistened my finger with her pussy juice, licked it, and then arranged her dress so that it covered her butt but left enough room for my dick in the middle. 

My dick had not been as hard as it was now for a long time. I lowered myself a tad and pushed in. Of course, her pussy was super tight the way she was positioned but that seemed what we both wanted and needed that day. My hands were on the fabric of her dress and I pushed more until my dick was as far inside her as possible. I started thrusting. Nguyet began moaning and panting. Looking up, I saw the fishpond in the middle of the coffee shop and the waitress who I had paid 15 minutes ago. 

I was tempted to pull down the zipper of her dress in the back, just to touch her back a little bit, but I didn't. Looking down, I saw her dress neatly draped over her butt. I did want to go to her house later and undress her fully, but we had to finish this first. We both were breathing hard, and she was squealing and wincing a little with every thrust. My glans started to tickle, and I exploded inside her a minute or two later. Holding on to her shoulders, I waited until the palpitations had subsided and pulled out my dick. Her dress fell down to the back of her thighs. 

We were regaining our sense of reality and breathing more normally. She reached down to her pantyhose and underwear and pulled them up simultaneously. I walked over to the bed where she had put my underwear and put it back on. As I was tightening my belt, she was standing next to me smiling ever so slightly. 

"We didn't even use the bed," she remarked. 

"Well, we still could lie down and rest a little," I suggested. "Or ask for a discount on our way down," I wisecracked. 

"Let's get out of here. We finished what we had come here for." 

As we were walking across the street back to our motorcycles, I asked if we still would go to her house. 

"Of course. It's not even noon yet, and we haven't eaten lunch eat. Or have you?" 

Back at her house, her mother was actually waiting with lunch. She seemed kinda glad to see me; it had been a month since the last time. She probably assumed that we just had been for coffee. It was amazing how quick our fuck had been at the hotel. We were in and out in less than 30 minutes. Nguyet excused herself to change. Her panties must have been soaked by now, of course. She had taken everything in when she pulled up her underwear so quickly. I sat down in the living room near the front door and had a sip of tea. 

Nguyet reappeared in a seasoned black knee-length skirt that was probably only good to wear at home at this point and a nice little green blouse. She had put her hair up as it had grown long enough over the last month. She looked like when we were still working together. In fact, she had worn that shirt to work, I was sure. She told me to move to the kitchen, where our lunch was waiting. 

The food was good, of course, and the two women had a lively conversation. I wasn't listening intently; it all kinda went past me. I was used to that. We exchanged only some pleasantries, as I was still thinking about the hotel and how different everything had been this morning. Still, I liked it, but I wouldn't press Nguyet to do it again. I liked being naked with her, chatting, and was looking forward to an hour upstairs after lunch. 

I helped a little bit with the dishes this time. I felt like I had become part of the family, once a month, for lunch and tender exchanges that Nguyet wouldn't get elsewhere. I asked her if her dad had any idea what she was doing but she just shook her head, saying that her mother covered up nicely. And her dad probably didn't do laundry. 

We went upstairs when we were done with the dishes. Inside her room, we switched on the fan and closed the curtains. When she took her skirt off, I could see that she was wearing white panties again, an older pair. Her bush looked intense. I hadn't really seen it yet today, even though I had fucked her already. She took off her blouse and her bra and then settled on the bed, still wearing her panties. I took off everything and lied down next to her. I finally looked at her naked body and said: "I can't get enough of this. Seeing you naked. Or almost naked." 

Her nipples seemed to be hard already but, otherwise, there was no sign of arousal. As I didn't expect my dick to get hard again quickly, I kinda had already my mind settled for profusely kissing, caressing, and fingering her. We had something to make up in that department anyway. I also wanted to ask her to do a few things to me, apart from just sucking or stroking my dick. 

"So, two weeks from today, we'll have Thuy here for the afternoon?" I asked. 

"That's the plan," Nguyet said. "She'll take the day off, get ready, and then come here. I still need to find a reason why my mom shouldn't be here. Somehow, we need to get her out of the house for the afternoon. Maybe I'll tell her that the two of us want to be alone. Or just tell my mom after lunch that we wanna retreat to my room to 'chat'. But, I guess, she won't buy the chatting part." 

"Well, I don't wanna get excited and then the deal falls through. Maybe we should go to a hotel at the beach, instead," I suggested again. "I'm sure they have seen three people renting a room for two hours." 

Nguyet was looking at her phone, presumably for Thuy's pictures to get us in the mood. "Or what about an apartment? Do you know anyone who has an apartment we could go to?" I thought I should at least ask. 

"That wouldn't make me comfortable. And you can image what it would look like afterwards. You know what the bed usually looks like after we're done," Nguyet reminded me. 

"Yeah, ok." We could clean up properly, I thought, but if it made her uncomfortable ... "So, she showed you her tits, huh? That's cool," I changed the subject to something more enjoyable. "Has she shown you her pussy too?" 

"No, not yet. But she probably will. It's annoying when I'm at work but I also kinda like it. It adds some spice to my office days," Nguyet admitted. 

"Yeah, I can see that. It would have added some spice to our office days when we were working together," I chuckled. 

"Yeah, but then we wouldn't be having our affair now, I think," Nguyet cautioned me. 

I started caressing her breasts and her bush. I put my hand on her panties and then a finger inside her waistband. She looked at me, put the phone away, and we kissed. She reached for my dick, which was half stiff and pushed the foreskin back. She wetted her fingers and began to play with my glans. 

"What do you feel like doing now?" I asked her gently. 

"Nothing special. We just fucked, so something quiet and tender would be nice. Do you wanna clip your fingernails, perhaps?" she asked. 

"I clipped them this morning, just like every time I'm going to meet you," I told her. 

She smiled. "Well, just play with my pussy, outside only, maybe. I don't need anything inside me for a few days after this morning," 

"Did it hurt? You didn't say anything," I was worried. 

"Of course, it did. But in a good way. Don't worry. The way we did it really made me feel complete, for the lack of a better word. I felt full," she told me. 

"Fulfilled, maybe?" I tried to be of assistance. 

"I guess you could say that." 

"Why are you still wearing your panties? 

"So, you can take them off me," she laughed. 

I gladly obliged—and made a mental note that I would go very tender. 

"I've played with your nipples a lot, but you've never played with mine much," I reminded her. 

"I didn't know you'd like that so much," she told me. 

"Usually, I'm so aroused by seeing you for a while and you playing with my dick that I don't focus on getting my nipples licked or played with. But since my dick seems to be spend for now, we could do a few things that usually get neglected." 

I took off her panties. I've always liked that noise of the waistband rubbing the skin, as it was the harbinger of what was to come. Her bush looked powerful this afternoon. It was nicely entrenched; it wasn't that hair was everywhere, but it was dense and smelled good. I also took a whiff of her panties, which probably had traces of semen on them. I didn't look. I threw them over onto the chair at the desk, and now we were naked. 

I was on my knees and placed my hand on her belly. As she was lying on her back, she reached for my nipple and twiddled and twirled it. She licked her finger and did it again. 

"Like this?" she smiled. 

I lied down next to her and told her to take it in her mouth. Now she got onto her knees and started licking my body. She licked my neck and then went down to my nipples. My chest itself was too hairy to be kissed profusely, but she massaged my belly, put her tongue in my belly button, and soon ended up at my dick again. 

"Like that?" she asked. 

"Sure. Yeah. Whatever. You could also massage or lick my butthole," I threw out the idea. 

She thought about it for a moment but then said: "For that, you better turn around and get on your knees." 

I hadn't been entirely serious about my butthole, but she seemed to be determined. I got on my knees and buried my head between my forearms on the pillow. She started pulling my dick like she was milking a cow. In between, she licked and tickled my butthole. As she had longish fingernails, she didn't get inside my ass. But that was all right. I hadn't gotten inside hers either. Maybe one day. Anyway, it was a nice change in positions and activities. I could hear her smacking her lips and periodically, she remoistened her fingertips. My dick was becoming longer and heavier. 

"I really like your dick," she said. I turned around and as it was becoming a trifle uncomfortable, I motioned her to lie down with me. She smiled and placed herself half next to me and half on top. 

"What is there to like about my dick?" I wanted to know. 

"It's not too big. And straight. Not that I know much about dicks, but your glans is a little bigger but not huge. I don't know ... it's the perfect size for me, I guess," she summarized how she felt. "That's the most important thing." 

"Before you saw me naked, the first time, did you think it might be too big for you?" 

"Of course, I was worried about that. Look at you! You weigh more than twice, almost three times as much as I do and you're at least 30 centimeters taller. At the coffee shop, the first time, when I had a hunch that we might end up in bed, I was like 'What are we goin' to do if it doesn't fit in?' I also thought it would hurt much more than it did." 

"So, you were relieved when you saw my six-and-a-half-inch dick for the first time?" 

"Yeah. After a split-second, when I just thought 'I can't believe he's whipping his dick out right here in the living room' I remember thinking 'I can handle that. In fact, I wanna handle that.'" she remembered. 

"Yeah, that was high time. I couldn't contain myself. And I had a great orgasm that day. Or two, actually." 

"Let me go back to your dick," she said. "Go on your knees again. I wanna suck you from below. You can suck my pussy in the meantime." 

So, today I was on top of her, admiring her bush, while she was milking me and sucking my cock under my ass. She was flicking her tongue over my tip and sucked some more. One side of me wanted to film it because I wasn't able to really see it. I wasn't good at reverse pussy play, but I got some more juice oozing from her pussy. Suddenly, I felt horny and asked her if I could come inside her. 
