 CHAPTER 4 - GETTING LEWD WITH THE FOOD

Nguyet texted me two weeks later, as it was a good time to meet, biologically speaking. She said that her mom, also, had asked when I would come around again. I had thought that we wouldn't meet for another month but if they wanted to see me for lunch, I wasn't going to turn the offer down. I asked if she wanted to meet for coffee first, perhaps wearing the pink dress, but she said I should just come to her house. Due to a change in her work schedule, she would be at home the next day, and we could get tender upstairs after the lunch. She also mentioned that there was also some delicate news again.

Of course, I inquired immediately what that meant but she said it was a surprise. She assured me, however, that I had nothing to worry. I asked if she liked tuna sashimi and she said 'yes'. Before I went to her hosue the next day I found some fresh fish at a small store on the west side of town. I took it over to her house, together with some limes and wasabi. I assumed her house had soy sauce, just as every Vietnamese kitchen.

I arrived at her house at 11, hungry for lunch. I had asked if it would be a problem if my motorcycle was parked outside their house, but her mother, apparently, had said that 'once a month the man can eat lunch at our house. The neighbors shouldn't be so nosey.' Nguyet's mom asked me to come in and go straight back to the kitchen. They had already set the table, and I was moved again how understanding her mother was. I had to work earlier that afternoon, so I couldn't stay for too long, but we had a little more than an hour after lunch. 

Her mother had dressed up for the occasion and greeted me warmly. Back in the kitchen, Nguyet was cooking, and her outfit was just something. She was wearing a sexy little cotton dress in black, red, and yellow. It looked like leaves on the ground in fall or as if someone had taken two brushes dipped in red and yellow and painted on a black dress in bold strokes. She looked so fresh, sexy, and youthful that I got in the mood to go upstairs right away. I still didn't understand why no one was courting her. She was smart, kind, and sexy. She had a good job and knew how to run a household. I didn't get it.

I put the plastic bag with the sashimi in the fridge and commented on her rakish new outfit. A mini-dress! On her! Her muscular yet feminine legs were a pleasure to watch as she was moving back and forth in the kitchen. "We're almost done," she said at some point, turning quickly and gracefully like a figure-skater. She motioned me to sit down and not be in the way. Letting the last three months run past in my mind, I realized how lucky I was: I was having an affair with one of the most beautiful women I'd ever met, and she and her mom were feeding me before we would go upstairs to engage in tender play. 

The food was ready, and the two women sat down, too. We ate, talked, and laughed. They had prepared various traditional dishes; stuff they would eat themselves, with a little extra here and there. I inquired about the dress; her mom had actually made it. When I asked why the change in style, Nguyet repeated what her mom had said: "Now that you're having sex, you might as well look sexy. At least here at the house." We also asked about her change in schedule and she confirmed that she had to work on Sundays now, for three months. Since I also worked weekends, I saw some chance to meet during the week coming up on the horizon.

Her mother motioned us to go upstairs but I thought I should do the dishes, so her mom could take a nap. As her mom insisted, though, we sauntered upstairs. I was a little too full to eat the sashimi now; I would remind Nguyet in a little while. I wanted to hear the news first. As we were out her mother's sight, on the stairs, we paused and kissed. I could feel that she was happy that I had come back. I wrapped my arm around her waist and so we walked up to her room. Inside, she asked why I had brought the sashimi.

"Well, that was supposed to be a little surprise. I wanted to eat it with you downstairs, but your mom's still there." We could hear her banging pots and pans.

"Why can't you eat sashimi when my mom's there?" Nguyet asked incredulously. 

"Because I wanted to dip it in your pussy juice."

Nguyet was quiet for a moment but then chuckled. "Now that is cool," she said. "I don't know, though, if I would enjoy eating my own pussy juice."

"Try it. If you don't like, don't eat it, but I know already I'll love it," I said.

"Gee, that's nifty. But we might want to do that before we fuck today. Or can you imagine eating it afterwards?" she asked.

"I don't know. You will have more juice at the end, but then it might be mixed with my semen. I don't wanna eat sashimi with cum on it. I know that much," I said.

"So, what are we going to do? Go down and get it?" Nguyet asked.

"You could go down, mix a little lime juice with wasabi and soy sauce and bring up the tuna and the sauce," I suggested. "You'll like it. We'll eat it here. And I'll dip some morsels in your pussy."

She opened the door and listened. It was quiet downstairs. Nguyet went out of the room while I just sat there. Looking around, I saw no posters or pictures on the wall, just two large stitchings of Vietnamese landscapes. Nguyet had probably made them. Since the door was still ajar, I could hear some subdued kitchen noise. When she came up again, she had indeed two bowls on a tray, one with the sashimi and one with the sauce. We put the tray between us on the bed.

"Well, do you have some juice yet?" I asked her.

She laughed again and her upper lip snapped over her gums where it stayed.

"I don't know," she said. "You gotta check."

She got up again and I reached under her dress. I caressed her butt, lifted up her dress, and admired her panties. These were white and I could sense her bush through it. The panties were nice and simple, and a few years old. I pulled them down and was mesmerized again by the beautiful contrast between her black hair and her gorgeous white legs. Of course, I could smell some mild aroma since I was only five inches away. I reached between her legs to test the waters and, sure enough, there was something to start us off with. 

"Sit down again. Do you have chopsticks?" I asked.

"Oh, no, I forgot," she admitted.

"Shall we just eat with our fingers?"

"Fine with me. It isn't much. It's more like a little dessert," she said.

We kissed again and I massaged her breasts. She got her arms out of her dress and removed her bra. She tucked her dress in her lap so that I could get to her pussy easily. I picked the first morsel and dipped it in her sauce. She flinched a little as it was cold, but then she grinned as she watched me putting it in my mouth. The fish was still slightly cold, which was the way I liked it. It tasted delicious. I prepared another piece with soy sauce for her to try, before I took another one for myself, which I let run along her pussy again. 

"How is it?" she asked.

I was really happy with it. "Just as great as I imagined it."

"Where did you get the idea from?" she wanted to know.

"I saw it in a porn movie once."

"Japanese?"

"Of course. When I saw it, I knew I had to try it at one point. Pussy juice is slightly sour and salty. I think it goes great with the tuna. Do you watch porn?" I asked since we had hit the topic.

Nguyet admitted that she had seen some, not much, but she hadn't really liked it. She seemed unenthusiastic about watching porn or talking about it. I grabbed another piece of fish and roled it in her pussy. She ate one more too, but with what was in the bowl.

"Now, what's the news you have?" I was really curious.

"Oh, you won't believe it! There's another woman who wants sex with you. Or us."

"Your mom?" I couldn't help it.

She cracked up at first, but then blushed and said rather seriously: "No, don't make jokes about my mom. We should be grateful that she's so sympathetic."

"I know. And I am grateful. Really. It's just that I'm eating sashimi dipped in sticky pussy juice, so I can't be too serious. Who is it?"

"Ok, fine. It's someone at work. She's a year older than me but still a virgin."

After some pause, I asked Nguyet if she was fine with the idea in principle. I had had sex with two women in Thailand once. The one I had been fucking for a week just brought a friend who needed some money. A threesome wasn't high on my list, but if Nguyet wanted to try it, I wasn't opposed.

"We could invite her once," Nguyet said. "I just don't know where we would do it. It would be weird to bring her here to the house. I don't think my mom would agree, and I will not ask her. But if we go to a hotel, I don't know what they would say there," she mused.

"Here would be better but when your mom isn't here," I suggested. "If that ever happens, the neighbors won't think anything weird. It will look like you invited people from work over for lunch."

"Yeah, that's right. I'm not even sure how serious she is. But once she asked me if I was still a virgin, and when I told her I wasn't, she had me tell our story. She liked it, and she wanted you to do the same things to her that you did to me," Nguyet said, summarizing the deal.

"Now, I always like the idea of introducing someone to sexual pleasures and exploring a woman's body," I admitted, "but I'm not sure if you like the idea of being there, watching me, when I could be doing these things to you. That other woman's pleasure could be yours but isn't. Or is it?"

"Well, I don't know. Sure, I like us being tender and then fuck in various positions, but maybe one day I'll have my period, or we meet on a day when we can't have sex anyway because I could get pregnant and then I'll watch how you fuck her." 

"I guess some people get a kick out of watching others fuck," I surmised. "I don't, really, but that's just me."

Nguyet was surprisingly open to the idea, it seemed. "I think we should try it. I'm not entirely sure but, perhaps, she'll back out anyway. I won't ask or invite her but if she's serious and brings up the issue again, we should think how we can make it work."

"Make sure she understands how the female cycle works. Not that she gets pregnant. What's her name, by the way?"

"Thuy. She's nice," Nguyet told me. 

"Is she pretty? With you, it is natural for me to be passionate. What if I don't like her?!"

As Nguyet was looking for a picture of her on the phone, I got the last piece of tuna and rolled it nicely in her pussy so that the whole chunk was covered. I had been eating most of the fish while we were talking. The prospect of a threesome sounded awesome, in many ways. I took my clothes off and lied down. Nguyet removed her dress and put her head next to mine on the pillow. I put my arm around her shoulders.

"Here, that's her," Nguyet said, holding the phone in my face.

Thuy looked shy and was smiling awkwardly into the camera. She looked young and small. "Do you have another picture?" I wanted to make sure that I liked her somewhat at least. 

"No, but let's see what she has on Facebook," Nguyet suggested.

As it turned out, there were some good pictures of her, and I liked what I saw. She was petite, but I liked that, and her breasts were bigger than Nguyet's (ok, whose weren't?!). Lying here with naked Nguyet and mulling over a threesome with that other girl made me hot. Looking past her phone, Nguyet saw my erection and reached for my dick.

"Aren't you horny from eating all that pussy juice and us talking about fucking that other girl?" she inquired, and she was rolling my glans between her fingers.

"Of course, as you can see. Now, what would you want me to do with Thuy?"

"I want you to fuck her from behind so I can see her ass, her pussy and your stiff dick. But before you do that to her next month or so, I want you to do it to me. Come on."

Nguyet positioned herself in the middle of the bed on her knees and looked back. I also got up on my knees and moved in position. She had been somewhat wet all along, so I just pushed my dick in. About half way first, but when that hadn't caused any pain, I pushed in everything I had. She moaned and sucked some air in through her clenched teeth. I started thrusting, holding onto her hips. As I had been quite distracted earlier by the dessert and us planning the threesome, I hadn't realized how horny I was. I didn't feel like changing positions or doing anything fancy, though. I just kept thrusting and listened to her panting. I came inside her and fondled her breasts from above while I was waiting for the load to be finished.

"Phew," she said. "That was good. Quick but good." We lied back down and continued our conversation.

"So, are you really sure you want to watch me doing this to another girl?"

"I think so. I'll think about it a little more, but why not? You can do it to me the next time again." Yeah, she seemed really positive about the whole thing.

"But wouldn't you want to touch and caress her too? Do you sometimes see a woman and think: 'I wanna see her breasts, or I wanna see her naked and touch her?'"

She frowned and cocked her head. "See, that's something I never really gave any thought; until recently, that would have been taboo. But now that you're saying it, I probably would."

"Can you imagine rubbing or licking Thuy's pussy?" I asked since that made me hot.

"I think so. I guess the smell of another woman's pussy might be repulsive, though. I don't know. We gotta wait and see. But if I don't like it, you probably will," she laughed. "So, she'll get satisfied one way or the other."

"Well, let me know when she brings up the topic. Maybe your mom won't be here one day and then we'll invite Thuy over if it's truly okay with you," I said as I was putting my clothes back on. "I gotta go now."

We walked to the front door together. Her mom didn't appear to be there. Nguyet peeked outside but didn't see anyone. We kissed behind the half of the door that was still closed. Looking down, I could see her breasts one more time as she wasn't wearing her bra.