 CHAPTER 3 - A SURPRISE PROPOSAL

When she texted me about two weeks later, I was surprised and also a little worried. She said she needed to see me. I texted back "Bad news?" but she said, 

"No, good news, maybe." 

I told her that that still sounded like a baby. She texted me like a dozen smileys and assured me, no, there was no baby on the way. She wanted to meet me at a coffee shop but, this time no sex, she said.

We met at the old secluded coffee house, where we had met the first time. I still was a little trepidacious as to what the news might be. She arrived shortly after I did, and we sat pretty much where we sat the first time. She was wearing a plain dusky pink skirt and a tailored white blouse. Her hair looked perfect, and she was wearing a little lipstick and make-up.

She was all smiles and not embarrassed at all to be here. She sat down and we ordered something to drink for her. Since we had just seen each other two weeks ago and were meeting again, it felt we were developing a friendship too, which was awesome. When the coffee arrived, she had a sip and I lit a cigarette.

"Do you know what happened?!" she started.

"No, I don't. You tell me!" I requested.

"Remember last time, you fucked me a little from behind in the bathroom at the end, and my pussy got wet again."

"Yes, I remember. Unfortunately, my dick was spent. Nothing left."

"Yeah, I know. It was nice anyway," she continued. "When I drove home, I could feel everything that was inside my pussy—the semen and my own juice—soak my panties."

"Oh, that's nice. I wish I could have been there," I quipped.

"Now, listen to that. When I came home, I put my panties in the laundry basket, not thinking about it further and washed myself. I put on fresh underwear and then my mother called me from downstairs."

"Now, this is making me hot," I couldn't help saying, "but did we come here today so that you can tell me that? You could have saved it until next week and told me at the hotel."

"No, wait, that's just the beginning," she laughed. "You gotta listen to this. So, my mother wants me to go to the store and then fix dinner, which I often do on Fridays. So, I cook, we eat, and the evening ends with watching some T.V. Nothing special. The next morning, Saturday, I go to work, as you know, and get back around 3 o'clock in the afternoon. My dad is watching T.V. but my mom motions me to meet her back in the kitchen."

"OK, I'm familiar with your house. But what in the whole world makes this so interesting?" I couldn't help asking. I was enjoying her company, sure, and since we never had talked much until two months ago, I was having a good time. I could watch her slim figure, her shapely legs (which she had shaved, it seemed), and her graceful arms and hands. I had always liked her voice, too, and the best thing was that when she laughed, her upper lip would sometimes snap up and expose her gums. This may have looked silly to others, but I found it endearing.

"So, back in the kitchen, she shows me my panties, the yellow ones that I had worn the day before."

"The ones that she had bought," I wisecracked.

"Yes, but, of course, they were all crumpled, especially down in the middle," she remembered. "They seemed hard, as far as I could tell. The whole load of semen and pussy juice had dried and it did look kinda bad."

"I'm sure it looked good, but that's just me."

"Stop interrupting me," she said with mock anger and her upper lip snapped up her gums and stayed there.

"So, then what?"

"Well, my mother thought that I was perhaps sick and wanted me to go to a doctor that specialized into women's health."

"That would be a gynecologist," I said.

"Whatever. I knew I wasn't sick. But I didn't know what to say. So, I just told her that I was sorry, and I should have washed them right away."

As we were out of coffee, I called the waitress over and we ordered another round. This would be going on for another while, I was sure. I was amused by the length and the details of a still somewhat banal story. It did make me horny, though.

"'You either tell me what it is, or we go to the doctor together now', my mom said. As I didn't know what to say, I just told her to come upstairs with me and I would tell her," Nguyet said now.

I could see some clouds on the horizon, but I needed to hear what actually transpired. I wasn't sure what I would have done, so I couldn't be mad at her.

"So, my mom and I go to my room and sit down on my bed," she continued. "I told her the truth about us."

"And what did your mother say?" I wanted to know.

"Well, at first, she was mad, reminding me of what Vietnamese women do. Or not do. But she wasn't angry for too long. She closed the door and told me that she had wondered, the first time, what I had done with two bedsheets and three pillowcases, as they still had been on the line when she got back from her trip. And I didn't answer the phone that Friday at the hotel when she assumed I was at work."

"Well, you need to cover up more cleverly," I said. "But now that she knows, what are we going to do?" I asked.

"The funny thing is, she actually had a great idea. She said that she was happy that at least I had picked a reasonable, seasoned man with a job and not some scoundrel. She also surmises that you know what you're doing with me."

"Tell her I'm flattered," I requested.

"I might. But that's not all," Nguyet explained further. "My mother doesn't want us to go to some seedy hotel anymore. She said we could be seen by your wife's or our relatives or friends. Or your students."

"That's right. We're aware of that, aren't we?"

"Of course, but I told her that we're going to continue. For the time being, at least," she asserted.

"You did?! This is pretty awesome. I'll never forget that you did that," I interrupted her because I wanted her to know. "Now, what did she say to that?"

"Well, she didn't want me to run around like some outlaw."

"And?"

"My mother proposed that we do it at my parents' house."

Now, that was quite something. In an odd way, it turned me on. But I also went through her mom's possible motives. It was like an algorithm started in my mind, but I couldn't find any fault or flaw. I needed to think about that further, though.

"Really?" I said incredulously. "How's that gonna work?"

"I asked her the same question, of course," Nguyet said. "But my mother calmly explained that that was our safest bet. When my dad is at work—he doesn't know anything yet—you could come around, preferably during lunch when the whole neighborhood is asleep."

"But you work 7 miles away. Do you come home for lunch?" I asked quickly.

"Sometimes. I would if I knew you'd be there." 

"Ok. Go on."

"My mom said we can't do this every week, but once or twice a month, you come over at 11:30 and if anyone asks, we'll say you teach me English, which I need for work."

"Ok, but it's illegal for me to teach English at people's houses. And you know how strict my, your former boss is and how quickly she'll find out about it," I cautioned.

"Your boss knows how much you like me," Nguyet reminded me. "And if she knows that my mother is fine with it, she will not rat on you or be mad at you. It's not that you're working for me or teaching me every day. My mom wouldn't do or say anything that would disclose that I'm having an affair."

"Ok, I guess the first few times we might go undetected anyway," I hoped.

"See, if people see that my mom approves of you coming around, it's like the perfect cover. No Vietnamese mother would condone her daughter having an affair at their own home. That's the beauty of my mom's plan."

We were done with our drinks, and I only had another 45 minutes or so. I was still thinking if there wasn't some sort of catch or some price to pay. 

So, I asked: "What about your dad, though?"

"He won't know. We know he likes drinking with his buddies once in a while. We also know when he's at work."

"He doesn't come home for lunch?" I wanted to know now.

"Only two or three days a week," Nguyet told me.

I was trying to imagine the situation now. "So, basically, I'll come over and then we'll have tea with your mom and go upstairs after a little chit-chat?" 

"Yeah," Nguyet confirmed. "Or my mom will say she's busy and excuse herself. I don't know."

"Do you think she'll really be ok if I'm banging you upstairs while she's working?" I was still a little skeptical.

"I think she understands what the alternative would be," Nguyet reminded me.

"So, what's the plan? Shall we go an introduce me to your mom?"

"Now? Well, my dad is at a funeral. I guess that would work. OK."

Their house wasn't far from the café. Luckily, I was still wearing my work clothes: dress pants and a nice tailored shirt. Nothing special but presentable. When we arrived, her mum didn't seem surprised at all to see me. We smiled, we bowed slightly, we shook hands. Her beautiful daughter had run past us and now waved from inside, encouraging me to come in. Nothing seemed to have changed since last time, even the tea set was on the table. Of course, I remembered our glorious afternoon, and now that Nguyet was coming back with some little treats, I started wondering if it would perhaps be possible to get a little action going right that afternoon.

Her mom reached for the thermos on the floor and refilled the tea pot with hot water. She sat down and Nguyet talked a little about me. She filled the cups while her mom kept looking at me amused and appreciative, it seemed. The two women talked a little more, and I reminded Nguyet to tell her mom not to overemphasize the English lessons or teaching. Maybe she could just say 'conversation' or something. Sure enough, her mom excused herself after a little while. She smiled and nodded my way and said to her daughter: "Show him your room!"

We got up and walked back to the kitchen. On the way, I saw where her mom did her work on the sewing machine. I hadn't noticed it the last time. Nguyet's mother didn't look up as were passing the open door. Back in the kitchen, we kissed very briefly and then went upstairs holding hands. The downstairs window was covered with a curtain, which I hadn't noticed either. We went into her room and Nguyet closed the door. She switched on the fan, pushed the window open but pulled the small curtain closed. 

"I think she likes you," Nguyet opened the conversation.

"Well, let's hope it stays that way. So, what shall we do?" I asked. "Taking you from behind in the bathroom will have to wait til next time, I guess."

"There's no rush. And, no, we couldn't do that here," she confirmed.

"I guess we could alternate between doing it here once a month and going to a hotel, maybe a nicer one on the beach," I summarize how I saw things. "Perhaps we could even spend the whole night together once," I added.

"That sounds marvelous," she nodded and started to unbutton her blouse.

My heart began racing and I reached inside. The bra she was wearing today seemed new, and I asked her if her mom had bought it. She laughed and shook her head. Now that she had had her first sexual experiences, Nguyet explained, her mom would probably stop buying her underwear like she was a child. I unbuttoned her shirt fully and opened it. As my dick was getting larger, I motioned her to get onto the bed on her knees. I remained standing next to the bed and lifted up her skirt like you would lift up your vintage car cover in early spring. I placed the lower part of her skirt onto her back, so that her ass and her panties were exposed. She looked back at her own butt to see what I was doing.

I let my fingertips travel her butt cheeks and in between touched her pussy ever so slightly through her underwear. After she got goosebumps, I pulled her panties down to her thighs and began fondling her lips. They were moist and separated easily. Her next period was only a few days away, so it would have been fairly safe to mount her, but I didn't want to take any chances. I took off all my clothes and presented my dick close to her face. I was still standing next to the bed and she started stroking my dick. I reached to my left and caressed her pussy again. 

Nguyet didn't say anything but took my dick in her mouth. She sucked it, let her tongue run along the glans, and moved her head rhythmically. Her pussy was discharging some dew, which I licked off my fingers. I imagined if someone opened the door right now. Nguyet's wet ass with her panties half way down and her pussy half open would have been quite a sight. Her butt was facing the door for some reason. Perhaps her mother had had an affair as a young woman and was now sympathetic as a result. As the position was somewhat uncomfortable for Nguyet, with her head cocked sideways, she let go of my dick and asked if I wanted to lie down or sit on the bed with my back against the wall. She would continue to blow me. "Yeah, but take your clothes off," I requested. 

She took off her blouse first and then her bra. Her nipples were erect; she was quietly aroused, knowing today would not be a rumpus but, still, it was utterly enjoyable. I leaned against the wall and she lied down on her belly with her legs spread. She was completely naked now. She propped herself up on her lower arms and continued sucking. I reached around her armpits to massage her breasts and caressed her head and hair. After a while, I suggested that she sit on my face, as I wanted to smell and taste some of her nectar that was so unique. We moved closer to the center of the bed and I put a pillow under my head.

She placed her knees next to my upper body and adjusted herself so my dick would fit in her mouth, while I could lick her ass and pussy. We both were heaving soon, and I moved on to licking her butthole. I spread her pussy juice around her butt cheeks and tickled them more with my fingertips. Once in a while, I reached between us to fondle her titties. Since I hadn't clipped my fingernails, I refrained from entering her pussy. It didn't matter. We were getting carried away by what we were doing to each other, and I exploded in her mouth, albeit quietly this time. I kissed her butt cheeks and pulled myself up a little. She turned around and lied down next to me with her head on my shoulder.

"That was pretty good again," I said.

"Yeah, I liked it too."

Since I could detect any sperm anywhere, I asked "You swallowed, huh?"

"Yeah, I wanted to see what cum tastes like," she explained. "I've never tasted it."

"Doesn't taste nice," was my opinion.

"How do you know?" she frowned.

I told her that I had tasted some of my own cum as a teenager. To see what it tasted like. Only a drop or two. 

"Wasn't bad," she said. "It's just like pussy juice, I presume. It doesn't taste good, but it's unique. Or peculiar."

I reached down to her pussy and got a drop of nectar for her to taste.

"Here you go. What tastes better?"

"Hard to say, but it's not about the taste. I guess I just like keeping something in me when we're done. As we're not fucking today, I swallowed your cum," she was waxing philosophical now.

"Sure. But don't feel obligated if you don't like it. There is a little bit left, by the way."

She laughed and looked down. My dick was limp and small now. She dipped her fingertip inside the tiny pool of semen that was left on the tip of my glans. "Yeah, I guess it doesn't taste great. But when you swallow the whole load, you don't taste it much since it squirts right to the back of your mouth."

"True. Let's maybe end it here for today. We don't wanna overstay your mom's welcome," I laughed.

"I think she'll like that we don't take advantage of her arrangement. We were quiet and pretty quick. And my dad will come home soon, too."

We got dressed and moseyed downstairs. Unlike last time, she had put her panties back on, and there wasn't really any damage to her room or her clothes. I had actually closed her bra in the back and watched her button her blouse.

"That skirt is beautiful. I really like the color," I said. "I guess your mom made it?"

"Of course. The shirt too."

"And the pink dress. I really wanna see you wear it again. Can you put it on when we meet for coffee, or could you only wear it at weddings?" I asked.

"No, of course not. I can wear it to the coffee shop next time."

I waved goodbye to her mom as we were standing in the doorway. I thanked her for being so understanding. Nguyet translated that her mom had said that I'd be welcome back the next month.