 CHAPTER 2 - GOING PLACES

Nguyet and I hadn't talked since our glorious afternoon about three or four weeks ago. I had wondered many times who would get in touch with the other first. I didn't want to be pushy and initiate another meeting, since I was married. But I needed to know if she had perhaps gotten pregnant. I also wanted to see her again and have sex with her, of course. Once a month or so, I believed, was feasible, at least as long as she wasn't married. She, I surmised, would probably want us to fuck again too, as she truly had had a marvelous time. But then again, she was not supposed to engage in premarital sex and also had to be afraid of being discovered. Now that I had deflowered her, she might just want to leave it at that.

Tired of waiting, I texted her to ask if we could meet. As I believed we couldn't go to her parents' house again, I suggested meeting for lunch or coffee. I didn't say anything yet about going to a hotel afterwards. She didn't reply immediately but when she did a few days later, she told me that next Friday would be good for her since she could work through her lunch break and leave her office at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. That would give us about three hours since her parents didn't expect her to be back until 5:30, she added. Fridays suited me since I worked in the mornings and then again for only one more class at 7:15 in the evening.

Her sharing the times she could go somewhere undetected was telling me that she expected us to not only eat lunch or drink coffee. I was tempted to inquire if she had gotten her period since we had seen each other or when exactly she menstruated but decided to bring that up when we met face-to-face. We agreed on Friday the next week, which was about five weeks after we had had amazing sex for three hours at her house. Her first time ever. I told her that I would wait outside her company, not in the parking lot but 100 meters further up the road. After she confirmed and described some more details about where to meet, we were all set.

That first time we finally had sex after knowing each other for five years was so powerful, endearing, and joyful that I was wondering if we could ever reach similar heights again. As I was driving up north on the highway, I reminisced about some details of her body and I got pretty horny. It was an overcast day, but it was still pretty hot for the time of the year. The rainy season was supposed to have already started but, apart from two rainy days a week ago, it was still dry. I pulled to the side of the highway just past the gate and smoked a cigarette. When she texted me that she was coming, I moved my bike closer to the street and looked for her in the mirror.

I spotted her as soon as she was leaving her company. She still had her white scooter and purple helmet. She pulled up next to me and motioned to follow her going north, further away from the town. I knew there was a big roundabout with some sidewalk restaurants about a mile from here, and if we turned right there, towards the coast, there was a hotel that probably rented rooms by the hour. Pretty much any nha nghi did that. Sure enough, she stopped at a noodle shop at said roundabout and we sat down to have a late lunch. 

"So, how have you been?" I asked.

"Pretty good. I've been busy at work, but the work is quite interesting right now, so it's ok," she said.

She was wearing jeans today, nice dark-blue ones that seemed pretty new. She must have gotten a haircut, I thought. Since she rarely went out with a man, she was a little nervous, anticipating questions from the store proprietor. As it was hot and sultry, she took off her jacket and revealed a white polo-shirt with the company logo on the chest. Under her shirt, her breasts seemed the size of golf balls, but I remembered that they were actually rather small and flat. The soup was pretty good and, sure enough, the lady asked her about our relationship. Nguyet replied that we were in industrial real estate, going to the next town to check out an object together.

"You cut you hair," I said to make some small talk. The lady didn't understand English, so we could talk about pretty much whatever we wanted, as long as we didn't appear to have anything going on between us.

"Yeah, I went to another wedding two weeks ago," Nguyet said and smiled.

"Was it fun?"

"Weddings are always fun," she asserted. 

"Did you wear the pink dress again, the one you were wearing at Robert's wedding?"

"No, I wore a traditional Vietnamese dress. You know what they look like. It's dark red."

"The same red as your panties last time?" I quipped. She blushed but then I continued, "I'm sure you looked beautiful. Who got married?"

"My cousin," she answered.

"Do you feel blue sometimes that you still aren't married?" I had to ask. I knew it was a touchy subject but to pretend the issue didn't exist didn't seem right either. 

"Yeah, sometimes," she confirmed. "But I also know several couples who are not happy, so I prefer being single and somewhat happy to being married and unhappy."

"Yeah, that makes sense," I assured her. "I feel the same way. As you know, I really waited for a long time before I got married."

"Yeah, but you are a man," she continued. "If I want children, I need to get married within the next few years."

"I would have married you, as you know," I reminded her.

"I know, Ben, but I was only 24 when we met. You were always sweet, but you are almost as old as my dad. Please understand that," she was begging me. 

"Oh, I'm just saying. And I'm married now anyway. It's all good. At least we've had awesome sex, and you're not a virgin anymore," I summarized how I felt about the whole affair. "Speaking of: Are we going to a hotel this afternoon?"

"Do you want to?" she asked.

"Of course. When I asked to meet you, I wanted to see you and talk to you. But I also want to see you naked again," I said with a smile, avoiding words like 'sex' and 'fuck' since the noodle shop lady was still within hearing. We paid up and agreed to have a quick coffee somewhere else, where we could be alone without anyone eavesdropping. We turned right at the roundabout and were alone on the road. I let her pull up to me, and we drove together to the next small conglomeration of houses. There was a café, and we were the only customers. That wasn't ideal, but our choice was limited.

As she went to go to the bathroom, I had a chance to admire her finally. She walked gracefully but not lady-like. She was wearing sneakers today and with her jeans and polo-shirt, she looked like she was on her way to take part in some sports competition. Which, in a way, she was. Her hair was too short to be put up on the back of her head, but her glasses looked spiffy. She seemed a little nervous but also focused and energetic. Her little butt looked really tight in her jeans.

When she came back, she asked "Do you know where we're going?"

As I had driven on this road before, I said, "Kind of. There's a small hotel on the other side of the road a little further down here," pointing in the direction.

"Have you been there?" she wanted to know.

"No, not yet. Do you think I do this frequently?" I said mock-indignantly.

"I wouldn't put it past you," she laughed.

"No, believe me, this is my first affair since I got married, and I only started it because I madly fell in love with you five years ago. I met you before I met my wife. Not that this makes it perfectly ok, but I wouldn't hit on other women now. But when you asked to meet a month ago, I didn't have to think twice."

"Yeah," she said, "I still don't completely understand why I did that. I feel a little bad about the whole thing. I mean, all my life I have been told that I have to wait with having sex until I get properly married."

"Well, last time, you said," I continued, "that you wanted a man who likes you to pay attention to you and to compliment you. Because it feels good. And then you also enjoyed being touched and touching me."

"Yeah, but it was like I wasn't myself that afternoon. I got carried away and we ended up in a ... in a ... what's the word?" she asked

"'Frenzy' would work," I assisted. "But, really, maybe you were yourself that afternoon and you are not really yourself the rest of the time."

"Maybe, but it was like I was temporarily crazy," she reminisced.

"That's what you need for good sex. Forget who you are, where you are, who you are with, how old you are, whether you're a man or a woman, ... the whole world, everything."

As there was no one in sight, I moved closer and took her hands. Holding hers, I put my hands on her thighs. Her phone started ringing, but she dismissed the call. I started caressing her arms and then her thighs, too. She was leaning forward and quickly checked if there was anyone in sight. All of a sudden, we kissed. I took her face in my hands admiring it closely. Her mouth was slightly open and when she cocked her head, I kissed her again, more passionately and longer than the first time. Shivers went down my body, and I felt an erection coming. We knew it was time to move on. We paid up and drove to the hotel.

The hotel was a little further than I remembered, but eventually we pulled in. Still in the parking lot outside, Nguyet said she didn't wanna do the talking, as she had never done that before and was embarrassed. I asked her if we were going to stay for one or two hours, to which she only replied, "That's up to you." I told her to relax and we went in. She kept her helmet and her little face cover on. The lady at the reception was, of course, used to seeing couples like us, and when I told her that we weren't sure yet how long we needed the room, she just said that we would pay on our way down, when we were done.

The hotel was fairly old and nothing fancy; we walked up to the third floor and entered the room. It was big, but smelled a bit stale. I opened the window and turned on the A/C. Nguyet locked the door and took off her shoes. I noticed her yellowish feet again since she wasn't wearing socks. Now she removed her helmet, face cover, and jacket. I switched on the wall fan and looked around.

There was a wardrobe with a door missing, a desk, a chair and a big bed. Everything looked like it had stories to tell, but the room was fairly clean. I tested the bed; it was firm. I made a mental note, 'Good for missionary position'. She sat down on the edge of the bed and was looking around too. When I got back from the bathroom and went to close the window, she reached under her shirt and removed her bra. I must have looked surprised, since she explained that it had been bothering her. "I don't like wearing bras, and I guess I won't need it the next hour so," she added.

"No, you won't. That's right," I confirmed. I sat down next to her.

"Why are you so surprised then?" she asked.

"I guess because it's quicker than I thought. You just sat down, and you've taken your bra off already. That's like moving the queen on your second turn in chess. Perhaps I could have snapped it open. I like doing that. But it's all right, don't worry about it. Don't put it back on, I mean."

I sat down next to her. "I gotta ask you something before we start. Have you had your period since last time?"

"Of course. Twice, actually. Earlier this week and then 4 weeks before," she remembered. "I got it right the next day after we had sex at my house. Or maybe two days after."

"Ok, that's good. I had been worried a little," I admitted. "I should have asked you about this the last time," I added sheepishly.

"It's all right; I know how it works," she asserted. "I know I definitely can't have unprotected sex in the middle between two periods."

I was happy that we were alone again and was admiring her. Her hair looked shiny, like she had washed it only this morning. Her small bosom was heaving, and her legs were perfectly shaped. We had almost two hours now. We kissed again, and I started caressing her back. As we had just gotten clearance that we could fuck with impunity this afternoon, I was getting excited. 

"When you sit in the living room at home, close to the front door of your house, now with your parents, do you think of what we did that day?" I asked.

"Yeah, that is a little funny. Sometimes I catch myself smiling or I laugh inwardly. If they only knew ...," she said, blushing.

"What did you do that evening? Did you stay alone at your house, as your parents didn't come back til the next day or so?" I wanted to know.

"No, I took a long shower and cleaned my bedroom, but then I went to a cousin's house," she told me. "We had dinner, watched a movie, and I stayed there. I don't like being all by myself overnight. Are we gonna talk for two hours?" she challenged me all of a sudden and took her glasses off.

Apparently, she was horny. I put my hand under her shirt and as I was caressing her back, I asked her if she wanted to take a shower first. She nodded half-heartedly, but I first reached around and touched her belly and massaged her titties a little. I could feel an erection coming and she giggled. She crossed her arms, held the bottom seam of her shirt, and pulled it off. Her nipples were getting erect; I could see that from the side. I took one of them in my mouth, but I had to contort myself quite a bit to do so. I opened the zipper of my pants and then the button. I slipped out of my pants and we kissed again. When she saw my erect dick in my underpants, she reached for it and massaged it a little with her fingers.

"Reach inside. Say hello," I said. She laughted but did what I had told her. I didn't want to let go of her, so I just used one hand to remove my underwear. My dick snapped out and wiggled. She took my shaft in one hand and started stroking. I got up and presented my stiff cock right to her face. She smiled, used her tongue to play with the tip, and took the whole shaft in her mouth, letting her tongue run around and then started experimenting. She made her mouth tighter, took my dick inside her cheek, and moved her head fast and more slowly. Then she held my cock with one hand and just caressed the tip with her tongue again, as if she was eating ice-cream. Apparently, that shower could wait.

"Aahh, this feels so good," I said. She reached down her jeans and opened the button and the zipper. I could see a pair of yellow panties; I guess 'butter' would be the word for the color. She let go of my dick, got up and stepped out of her jeans, while I sat down again. Now I could see that her panties had three lacy flowers on them. They were all see-through, with the biggest of them a little off the center in the front. Seeing Nguyet's dense black bush again made me tremendously hot. I asked her to turn around fully once so that I could see and squeeze her butt. The lowest tenth of her butt flesh was resting on the back of her thighs.

"Nice panties," I quipped.

"Thanks, my mother bought them for me," she laughed.

"Really? Did she buy them specifically for today?" They didn't look new by any means, but I had to ask.

"Don't be silly," she giggled. "They are actually quite old. I sometimes wore them when I still worked at the school."

"I see. I wish you would have shown them to me back then. Maybe that one afternoon when you were standing next to me on the chair and idiot-me didn't do anything. They are cute, but your mother buys them?!" I asked incredulously.

"Sometimes. She used to, at least. Lately not so much," Nguyet disclosed.

"But they look sexy. Anything looks sexy on you, I guess. I'm just surprised that your mom wants you to wear sexy underwear when she also tells you to definitely not have sex until you get married."

"Sometimes I think my mother actually wants me to have an affair now. She would never say so, of course," she continued, "partially because of my dad, but she wants her daughter to be wanted and desired. I think she's changed her mind, now that I'm older. When I was younger, she wanted me to be proper, as there was still hope I would find a husband. Now, she's more desperate and thinks that no one wants me. It's almost like her daughter is too ugly to get laid."

"Interesting," was all I could say before reminding her how stunningly beautiful she was. But she was right. Our former boss had always told me that "the Vietnamese don't find her beautiful." Oh, well.

When we started talking, we lost some momentum, but that was all right. We weren't part of a race, and our conversation was two levels up from last time. Sitting here with her on the edge of the bed, almost naked, was awesome. I wondered what her mom would have said if I had told her back in the day that I wanted to marry Nguyet. Would she have agreed and encouraged her daughter to give in? I made a mental note to ask her about that, but not now. We may never get anything accomplished, I thought, if I raised that issue now. Curiously, she was still standing in front of me. I had looked at her bush through her undies for the whole time. I wasn't sure, but I thought I had discovered a dark spot lower on her panties, indicating some scented dew oozing from her pussy already. I touched her pussy through her panties and asked if she was wet yet. "Why don't you check?" she encouraged me. 

I liked that kind of talk that moved the act further along in small, incremental steps. It also assured me that she was ready and that I was welcome to explore her body. It was all good fun. I positioned her right in front of me. I watched her belly breathing and kissed her nipples again, now that they were within easy reach. I caressed her pubic mound and butt cheeks one more time through her panties, before I slowly pulled them down to her knees. Now, her bush was free, and it was heaving ever so slightly. When I looked up, I saw that Nguyet was smiling with her tongue between her teeth. 

My dick wasn't throbbing yet, but it was nicely erect. I leaned back and admired her full body. A minute ago, I had got a little scent of her pussy. I reached for her pussy lips to check how juicy they were. She moved her feet apart ever so slightly and let me diddle her lips. I played with her clit as well, and there was another whiff of fragrant pussy aroma. I slid my middle finger between her lips length-wise and when my finger was wet, I applied some juice to her titties, which seemed a little bigger now as she was aroused. She took her panties off, while her nipples, which were straight ahead from my eyes, were pointing at me as if they were calling for action. Nguyet lifted one leg and all of a sudden, was sitting on my lap.

She moved a little closer and wrapped her legs around me. Her pubic hair was touching my dick. She started thrusting her pelvis and her lips were chafing my shaft. She was massaging my glans now with three fingers while she kept riding my shaft. I told her to use some saliva. After a little while, I let myself fall back. I lifted my legs up onto the bed as well, and she unwrapped from my torso. We both moved towards the center of the bed. I let her position herself first to see what she would want, and she looked at me challengingly when she was done. Her torso was propped up on her elbows and her legs were half open. Her knees were pointing upward. 

She watched me kneel between her legs, which she opened further to accommodate me. Looking below her bush, I saw that her pussy lips had already parted a little. She grinned, put one arm behind her back and spread her pussy lips with the other hand. I saw her pink flesh inside, which was beautifully framed by her dark purple lips. Her whole pussy area was glistening. She let go of her lips, licked her fingers, and said: "I like seeing your stiff dick between your legs. You look like an animal. I can't wait. Come and fuck me."

I got a pillow to put under her butt, while she put her hair behind her ears. Fully stretched on her back, she chose to rest her hands behind her head for now. As I couldn't contain myself any longer, I moved closer and pushed my glans inside her. I rested my upper body on my elbows next to her head and kissed her forehead while I was pumping. Quickly, I pushed in further, about half of my dick was now inside her pussy. She closed her eyes as she started moaning. Her mouth snapped open and she gasped. When I added another inch, she clenched her teeth a little and winced, but put her arms on my back and pulled me closer to her chest. I was fucking her rhythmically as she was tossing her head. I tried to press and squeeze her breasts and kiss her while I was on top of her, but it was hard since she was so much shorter than me. 
