 The time of crisis came quickly, for Robert and, of course, Susan and Jim were invited to Jean and Don's that Saturday evening, the weekend before classes started. When dressing for the occasion, Susan deliberately chose a high necked blouse and a somewhat longer, full skirt. Under it she wore her usual garter belt and hose, but her panties were opaque and full-cut. She had no intention of presenting even a hint of suggestive attire. So, dressed conservatively, she went, with trepidation and apprehension, to meet her new bête noire. 

To Susan's relieved delight, the trauma was defused immediately, with Robert acting as if absolutely nothing had happened between them, talking to her as freely as with everyone else. No looks, no veiled references, nothing. He even laughed when Jean commented on her "earth mother" style of dress! Thus, her fears of some kind of confrontation, she knew not what, evaporated completely. It is amazing how the world can get brighter when a perceived threat turns out to be nothing - she actually felt sort of light-headed for a while and light-hearted all evening 

They had an excellent dinner, during which they were having a rambling discussion, including a description of Jean's work and, incidentally, Susan's increasingly important role in the preparation of the articles. After eating, they settled down in the living room, Susan on a ﬂoor pillow, leaning back against the couch where Jim and Don sat, Robert sitting across from them in a chair, Jean in another chair nearby. Susan sat with her legs under her, her skirt pulled down and covering her feet - for all the world like an innocent, chaste housewife sitting at her husband's knee. 

Jim and Robert got into a discussion about their courses and the relative importance of the literary ﬁgures to be included or omitted, with Susan able to interject some pertinent comments. Robert was quite surprised at her knowledge, having considered her only as the attractive, and sexy, wife of a new colleague, not as someone personally interested in the ﬁeld of literature. That led to the revelation, to Robert, that she was an English major, only a few credits short of a master's degree, and an experienced teacher, things that just had not come up in previous conversations. He seemed quite impressed. 

As they went on to other subjects, of more general interest, however, Susan withdrew into herself and just sat there listening as the others talked - and thinking. Suddenly, with a quiet "excuse me", she got up and went into the bathroom, looked at herself steadily in the mirror for a minute, and, as with an abrupt decision made, reached up under her skirt and pulled off her panties and stuffed them into her purse. Then, hurriedly before she lost her nerve, she went back out and sat back down on her pillow. This time, however, she drew her knees up to her chin, her feet resting on the floor, skirt modestly wrapped around her. Then, without hesitation or haste, she leaned back, held one knee upright while, at the same time, lowering the other to lie ﬂat on the pillow, completely exposing herself to Robert. 

From his position, nothing was hidden. The two widely separated knees acted like a funnel, pulling his eyes inward, past the dark rings of her hose tops, past the white thighs, along the black supporter straps, to the apex, where an open, blond-haired cunt was brazenly displayed. Absolutely nothing was hidden in that position. Even the hair-lined cunt lips were spread open, giving a tantalizing look at her most erotic area. This was not a "ﬂash." Susan just stayed in that position, displaying herself for Robert's ediﬁcation, not moving until Jean prepared desert and called them to the table. Even then, Susan waited until Don and Jim left the couch, and, when Robert offered his hand to help her up, she deliberately spread her legs wide and let her skirt rise well above her hose tops, almost to her crotch, as he pulled her up. Utterly shameless - and she loved it! 

Nothing was said by either, but both looked forward to the next step. That step was begun the next morning when Robert talked to Jim on the phone. He had, as he said, been very impressed by Susan's interest in Elizabethan literature and he had a proposal. He didn't know how it would be handled in the United States, but at Oxford he would give a student a tutorial in which the student would read assigned material in the ﬁeld, he and the student would discuss the readings, and, based on the student's comprehension and ability, assign more reading for the next period. He said he would be quite pleased to offer such a program to Susan and, thereby, let her earn enough credits to ﬁnish her degree. 

Jim was very pleased at the offer, saying it would be called an independent study in the U.S., and he would see if Susan thought that she could handle it with the baby and her work with Jean. Needless to say, Susan was delighted with the idea, for academic and, of course, other reasons! However, with a ten or eleven month old baby, her work with Jean, etc., she just didn't know if she could handle it. However, Jean quickly said that her work schedule could be ﬂexible for one semester, and that she would love to have Jim, Jr. when Susan had to be out. Jim, though, was the strongest advocate of following Robert's suggestion. 

A directed-reading course combined with the intense discussions in a British-style tutorial, a one-to-one relationship, would be an education in itself. He finally clinched the matter by saying, "Look, Susan, I have to go to my ofﬁce for a short time this afternoon to get my class lists and go over my notes for tomorrow. I'll call Robert, and if he's free, I'll drop you off at his place, and you can talk it over with him. If it sounds like too much work, you can just say so - he'll understand and, at least, you'll know the story." So, with her husband's urging, Susan was committed, if not academically, sexually! 

So, a little after two, they arrived at Robert's apartment and, after a brief conversation, Jim left, saying that he would be back in about an hour. Susan stood in front of the picture window overlooking the parking area, watching him head for their car, and, as she expected, she felt Robert's hands come under her arms and, again, cup her breasts. This time, however, rather than pulling away, she put her hands over his and helped him squeeze. A funny feeling went through her as she watched her husband get in the car as another man fondled her - somehow it seemed more unfaithful than her previous, far more serious, indiscretions. At the same time, however, it sent a secret thrill through her, making the simple act of having her tits felt even more exciting. 

As Jim drove off, she pulled away and turned to face Robert, backing up as she did so. She was wearing exactly the same clothes as last time, a frilly white blouse over a short dark skirt, her legs enclosed in dark hose. Without hesitation, her hand went to the blouse, unbuttoning it all the way down and shrugging it off her shoulders. Next, she unzipped her skirt and removed it, standing there in a sheer pink lace bra and a matching garter belt attached to the hose. Looking at him impishly, she said, "I used to have matching panties, but something happened to them." 

With that, she reached back and released the bra, and straightened up, now virtually naked. It was a sight to cause any normal man's cock to spring to attention. Large ﬁrm breasts with hardly any sag, crowned by erect nipples, sticking out a full one-half inch, almost dime-size in diameter. Unlike some women with large breasts, the aureole was in proportion, about one and one-half inches around. Below the breasts, the garter belt framed her slightly rounded stomach, the base of which wore a nest of curly, blond pubic hair that glistened in the sunlight from the window. All of this was mounted on a pair of long, shapely legs, looking longer and more naked by the bare white thighs above the dark hose. Delightful! 

Robert stared, mesmerized, at this exquisite beauty, startled at what he beheld. When coming to the United States, he had hoped to ﬁnd a young woman to serve as an uninvolved, uncomplicated sexual outlet, never dreaming that he would find a happily married woman who was available. If he had thought of such a thing, he still never would have dreamed of someone like this! He had known, of course, that she was very pretty and, as much as he could tell through her clothes, she had a good ﬁgure. He had been favored with frequent looks up her skirt, telling him that she had nice legs, but revealing little else. When he had spanked her, he had seen her bare ass as well as her cunt from the rear, but he really hadn't been looking at her in a sexual light at that time. Even last night, while he had been able to see every detail of her cunt from a distance, he still hadn't gotten an overall view. That view amazed him, particularly her breasts. They had seemed large and but bra technology today can turn a drooping pair of boobs into a magniﬁcent set of tits. Seeing her virtually nude, the jutting breasts, the puffy cunt hair, the legs - he could hardly believe his luck! 

Breaking out of his trance, Robert took a step forward and swept her up in his arms and carried her into the bedroom - not like a sack of ﬂour this time! He laid her gently on the bed, and quickly removed his clothes, revealing that his cock had responded as would be expected. Climbing onto the bed, he raised her legs, spread them, and put them over his shoulders. Placing his cock at the entrance to her cunt, without foreplay, which was totally unnecessary, he sank its full length into her well-lubricated passageway until he was completely embedded in her. Then, with a slow, unhurried pace, he began the process of fucking her. A man with considerable experience in these matters, Robert did not immediately start driving into her to quickly achieve orgasm. Instead, he began the process of gradual buildup, approaching a peak and then pulling back to prolong the experience. 

Susan, lying under him, was almost ﬂattened, her knees nearly touching her shoulders, her crotch parallel with the bed, opening her completely to his thrusts. Stripping for him, being obviously admired, carried, like a feather, off to bed - all had combined to arouse her nearly to the point of orgasm even before he entered. The slow stroking in and out created a continual buildup that had her grinding her pelvis up. However, every time she approached the point of no return, signaled by her more frantic motions, he slowed his pace, slowing her drive toward climax. She went up and down, each stage higher than the one before, surges of pleasure coursing throughout her body, demanding release. 

Finally, of course, even Robert's self-restraint and control was overcome, and he began more powerful plunges into her, his pubic bone hitting her clit, his crotch battering her cunt lips as he sank in, then withdrew, only to pound in even harder. As he was overwhelmed by the need to finish, his motions became almost spastic, jerking in and out, twisting and driving hard, reaching the point where ejaculation was inevitable. Cum shot into Susan's vagina like a ﬂood, filling the passageway as if from a hose. He welded himself against her cunt lips, surging inward to send the last spurts even more deeply into her. 

As the climax approached Susan was pushed even further into the bed. Robert was holding himself on his arms, so his weight was not on her, but the force of his thrusts was enough to drive her downwards. Her head was even with his neck, her feet over her head, so she was virtually unable to move except for ﬂexing her pelvis up to meet those thrusts as he entered. That, however, combined with the battering of her clit and cunt lips, sent waves of pleasure ﬂooding through her, leaving her with no thoughts, only spontaneous reactions. Finally, as she felt the even more intense pressure as Robert began to cum, her own orgasm ﬁnally arrived, and her hips jerked up and down, undulating totally out of control. When he made that ﬁnal surge, sending a last torrent of cum into her, pressing himself to her, she raised her crotch and ground against him, completely lost in the euphoria of the moment. 

They held there together, gasping for breath, minds blank as they recovered from the sexual high that had overcome them. Then, slowly, Robert raised up, pulling his deﬂated cock from her cunt, and lay down beside her. They lay there, silent, relaxing companionably after sharing an exhilarating experience. At last, Robert rose up onto one elbow and, looking down at her, said, "That was wonderful! You really are something!" 

Susan smiled up at him shyly, saying, "Thank you. That really was wonderful!" Then, with an impish grin, "See, I'm not a cock teaser! I did put out!" 

Reaching over to fondle her breast, Robert replied, with a very pleased smile, "You surely did, Susan, you surely did!"