 A little background, I was a Senior Manager for one of the big international accounting firms and traveled a lot .

One summer we held a group of meetings for some of the partners in Newport Beach CA. One of my co-presenters was Susan , a Senior Tax Manager from Philadelphia. Susan was a brunette, curvy shapely girl with some of the biggest tits I have ever sucked/squeezed,.

We had finished teaching for the day and had dinner with a few of the partners. The booze was definitely flowing. After dinner the partners said we could leave so they could discuss partner stuff. Susan was feeling not pain and wanted to go dancing. We found a place nearby and went over. We proceeded to drink and dance for the next couple of hours.

We were taking a break to catch our breaths when Susan went to the bathroom. She came back shortly, slid into the booth and proceeded to shove her tongue down my throat. While she was doing that she slid her hand into my coat pocket. 

After a minute or so we came up for air, I reached into my pocket and pulled out a pair of soaked black panties. I put them back in my pocket and Susan smiled. She leaned over to kiss me again and took my hand and placed it on her thigh. My hand moved up to her shaved pussy. She was soaking wet as I ran two fingers along her meaty slit. Soon I had two fingers moving in and out of her pussy. She was apparently really worked up as after a couple of minutes she tensed up, squeezed my fingers tight and started breathing hard. Her head laid on my shoulder as she worked to get her breathing under control. 

Soon she reached over, grabbed my cock and whispered, we need to go back to the hotel. We retrieved the car and headed back to the hotel. It was about a 10 minute ride back to the hotel. As soon as we started moving she reached over, unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out. She quickly engulfed my cock taking it all in her throat. She began milking my cock with her throat, only rising up to for a breath. She slowly kept that up until we pulled into the hotel parking lot where she stuffed my cock back in my pants. I gave her a key to my room and went to park the car.

I made my way up to my room and let myself in. She was sitting on the floor on her knees with her ass resting on her calves, naked. I walked up to her and stopped with my crotch right in front of her mouth. She looked at me with begging eyes. I nodded at her and she unzipped my pants and unbuttoned them. She pulled my pants and underwear down to my knees and again took my cock into her mouth. She sat there still letting my cock grow harder in my mouth.

I pulled away from her mouth and rubbed my cock on her face. She took my balls into her mouth and sucked on them as I rubbed my cock on her face. Soon she stopped, removed my shoes and socks and had me step out of my pants. She stood, removing my coat and shirt and I joined her being naked. She hugged her tits against me and slid my cock across her wet slit. Once again her tongue slid into my mouth. My cock slid between her slick meaty pussy lips.

I began to walk her back to the bed and we fell onto it. I slid down her body and began to suck and lick on her bald pussy - did not get the chance to do that often, it was amazing. Apparently she was enjoying it too as she was soon pushing my head into her pussy and telling me to suck harder. She was soon shaking with another orgasm. After a minute or so she let go of my head and I slid up her body to begin sucking her tits.

She was moaning and holding my head to her tits as I alternated sucking on them. After a while she pulled my head up and said fuck me, I want you to cum in me. I sat up, pulled her legs up and plunged my cock into her pussy. A slick bald pussy is a wonderful feeling. Her sucking my cock and balls earlier had made me close to cumming, so I was pounding her as hard as I could to fill her up. Just as I tensed up started to cum in her she rolled us over to be on top and was riding me as I pumped cum into her pussy. She soon stopped and my softening dick fell from her pussy with a plop.

Susan then slid up my body, trailing cum and pussy juice up my body. She straddled over my head and pushed her cum filled pussy over my mouth. I had snowballed my cum before, but this was the first time I had eaten a fresh hot cream pie. It took me a few seconds to get with it, but soon I was sucking my cum from her hot pussy. She sat above me sucking and fondling her own tits. After I had sucked all of the cum from her pussy, she rolled off of me and fell asleep.

To be continued...