 It was late one afternoon, and she was still working. It had been a long week, and it was only Wednesday. She had one more report to start, on one of her students, before she could go home. There were only 1 or two other staff members left at the school, and she knew she didn’t want to be the last one there. The school was kind of old and was very creepy. It was hot in her room, being the end of the day, and she had taken off her jacket. All she was wearing was a black sleeveless v-neck and black bootleg pants. She was deep in thought when he walked in her room. He watched her from the door, trying to decide whether to disturb her or not. She looked so intent and focused. He admired her mind, and her dedication to her work, almost as much as he admired her soul. Right then his thoughts weren’t on her mind or her soul. He was studying her body. It had luscious curves that made his throat go dry. When she was sitting there like that, unaware of her surroundings she looked so beautiful in that distant trance. He had intended to ask her about a student, but now he had forgotten any thoughts of work. He had other ideas. Unfortunately, he was not sure how to approach her. He cleared his throat to get her attention, suddenly coming back to earth. 

“I wanted to ask you about Juanita.” He said after she looked up at him. She smiled at him and told him to come in. She thought he was cute in that hottie-in-nerds-clothing kind of way. His brown hair was always just a fraction too long, and often fell in his eyes. His glasses were reminiscent of Clarke Kent, and his clothes were often crooked or not pressed. She knew he cared about the kids, and always tried to get them the things they needed. Right now all she could think about was what she needed.


“I was just looking at her file. Is there anything we have missed?” 

“I’m not sure, do you have her psych report?” He asked

“Yeah, pull up a chair. See, she was tested at the end of the last year. I think the others just forgot about her because she was tested so late in the year, and school was over. What can we do for her?” He didn’t answer right away, and when she looked at him, she caught him sneaking a peak at her breasts. She looked down and realized that her nipples were hard, and poking out through her bra and her shirt. He realized he’d been caught, and looked up at her, blushing.

She didn’t say anything because she wasn’t sure what to say, so she turned back to the file. “Oh, look! She was tested in both languages, and her scores were still low. I know this sounds bad, but her IQ is really low. This is why she is failing her classes. I hadn’t read all the way through her file, and missed it. She doesn’t belong in regular classes at all. I'll bet she is probably eligible for resource classes. What do you think? Will this help?” she asked.

“Yeah, I think this is the angle we have been searching for. I’m so glad you found this. I can read the reports all day, but they mean nothing to me. What do we do next?” he asked. He suddenly stopped. “I’m so sorry, it’s just that you are a beautiful woman, and and uh um I mean…,” he stammered

She leaned over and smiled. “It’s ok, I’m very flattered. I’m turned on by you, and you are just sitting there.”

He leaned over and met her in the middle, kissing her gently. She kissed him back, unsure about the situation, but wanting more.

“I’m sorry,” she said, “I know we need to stop.” She was wishing they were anywhere but the school.

He said, “Why? We are the only ones still here. I just saw Kathy leaving.”

This opened the door to so many possibilities. She leaned in for another kiss. His tongue gently dove through her lips, stroking them then moving beyond. She twisted her head, and deepened the kiss. It was such a sensual kiss, unlike so many they had both shared with faceless other people. He had only dreamed about such an occurrence, and she had never thought about it happening at school. 

“We can be more comfortable over there, in the corner,” she said. She was the speech language pathologist, and had a corner of her room set aside for times when the kids just couldn’t sit in a chair anymore. She had a nice thick rug, some beanbag chairs, and some floor pillows. It was like a cozy nest. She stood, and led him to the corner and sat down. He followed, and kissed her deeply. He let his hands wander down her side, skirting her breast. She shivered as a chill of pleasure covered her body. He was just as shaken by it as she was. This encounter was so different from other encounters. She made him feel confident and submissive at the same time. He ran his hand back up her side and they stopped when he reached her breast. His thumb circled her nipple, pausing to tweak it. 

“OOHHhh,” she moaned. She loved the feeling that was coursing through her. She lay back on the cushions and looked into his eyes. She smiled and told him to get more comfy. He laid back and she kissed him again, then she started kissing down his neck, past his lips, on her way to his chest. She untucked his shirt and started to unbutton it. She kissed down following the opening of each button. She licked around his nipples then sucked one into her mouth. She got it really wet, and then blew across it gently. The cold air caused the nipple to stiffen. He sucked in a breath. She leaned back up to kiss him and said daringly, “Your turn… I dare you.”

He loved a dare, and the child inside of him couldn’t refuse. He lifted her shirt over her head, and unhooked her filmy, black bra. He kissed her nipples and then kissed down her stomach heading for her pussy. 

She was starting to feel uneasy about doing this at school, so she stopped him. “We can’t do this here…”

“Why not,” he asked. He was breathing heavily, just as she was, but wasn’t thinking very clearly.

“What if someone walked in on us? I don’t want to stop, but I have a bad feeling about this.” She said as she put her shirt on, and got up. She stooped to get her bra, and put it in her bag. “Why don’t we continue this at my apartment?”

He breathed a sigh of relief, and his cock flooded again after a small deflation. “Great! I mean, that’s fine. We’ll take my car.”

“No,” she said. “You can follow me.”

“Ok.” He kissed her long and deep, pushing his tongue into her mouth. Hers danced with his, and she rubbed her knee between his legs against his hard cock.

“Save that for me.” She told him as she ground against him harder.

He followed her about 4 miles to her apartment, and hopped out, opening her car door for her. She took his hand and led him inside. Once inside they didn’t talk. He followed her to her room and undressed her before taking off his own clothes. He lowered her into her soft sheets and kissed her until they were both breathless. Then she rolled him onto his back and kissed him hard on the mouth before turning her attentions to his hard cock. She took the tip into her mouth, and sucked gently. Then she swirled her tongue around it, using her hand to stroke the rest of the shaft up and down. She opened her mouth wider and took it deeper into her mouth. She sucked hard as she pulled her mouth off. He was moaning and didn’t think he could last long. She started to play with his balls as she started to suck and bob her head harder and faster. She knew that he was close, and moved her concentration back to the head of his cock.  She started to stroke him again while tonguing the tip. He nudged her up his body, and smiled. She knew he was closer, and he obviously didn’t want to cum in her mouth. She didn’t want him to cum in her mouth… this time. She wanted him inside her. 

He rolled her onto her back and was moving in between her legs. Neither could believe this was happening. They were both usually so careful, and this was out of character. He looked into her eyes, and moved up so that his cock was at the entrance of her wet cunt. She was ready for him, and had been since he walked into her room that afternoon. She took his cock in her hand and guided the steel shaft into her wet cunt. He started to make small short thrusts into her tight cunt. Then his thrusts got faster and harder slowly as they sped toward ecstasy. Her tight walls created friction that he had only dreamed of, and it didn’t take long for him to rise to his peak. She was there just a split second before he was, and as her orgasm started to peak, her cunt muscles started to spasm on his cock. She milked him over the edge. Both were hot, and out of breathe. She was the first to speak.

“Mmm. I didn’t know this was going to happen today.” She giggled and laid her head on his chest, listening to his heart race.

“Yeah, I just went to ask you a simple question, and you seduced me. Why did you do that to me? I’m just shocked at your behavior!” He teased her, trying to locate her most ticklish spot. He found it on her lower back when he lightly passed over the spot, and she nearly came off the bed. 

“Don’t do that to me! Stop!” she giggle and screamed. He kept harassing her, tickling and nibbling. Slowly they stopped, and just lay in her bed, content. They made love again before he went home. He left with a kiss, and a “see you tomorrow.”

The next day she was at work early, trying to finish some paperwork when he stuck his head in her door again. 

“Good morning, sleep well?” he asked. He had thought about her a lot all night, and couldn’t wait to see her this morning.

“Yeah, I did. You wore me out. Come on in… and shut the door.” She grinned, her eyes dancing. He came over and sat on her desk in front of her. He leaned over and kissed her. “Mmm… don’t start that now, we can’t finish it.” 

“We can sort of finish it,” he challenged. It was early, and the teachers at that school left each other alone in the mornings so that they could get some work done before the kids got there. 

“I don’t know if we should,” she said with shortened breath. He grinned and pulled her to standing position. They kissed and he unbuttoned her khakis, sliding a hand down her panties. He started to finger her… stroking her clit. He worked his finger around and around with steady pressure above it on the pelvic bone. She was already hot, wanting him. She stood there while he assaulted her mound. He slid his finger inside her wet cunt and moved his other hand to her clit. In about 30 seconds she was quaking with orgasm. He kissed her deeply, and then took his finger from inside her. He licked it, sucking her juices from it. He loved the way she tasted, and couldn’t get enough. Then he kissed her again.

“I’d better go, before I get too wrapped up in you to work,” he teased with a grin. And he left her still unbuttoned and seated in her chair, hot. He knew she would see him at lunch to tease, and there was always later…