 After our previous adventures we had experimented with an assortment of toys, positions etc. and had really got to know each other's bodies. Susan wanted to try everything possible, it was almost as if she was trying to make up for the years of a vanilla relationship. The only thing that I was missing was some sort of reciprocal arrangement where Susan would surprise me instead of me taking the lead. That was all about to change. Wednesday night is gym circuits night. While I go to the gym Susan stays at home and does her yoga exercises. I usually get home about 9 o'clock invigorated by a good work out.

When I got home I found Susan sitting in the lounge, virtually in the dark in what I assume was the Lotus position (i.e. a variation on sitting cross legged on the floor). She always did her yoga naked when she was at home but the first thing I noticed was that her nipples were unusually erect. It wasn't cold in the house, so this struck me as slightly odd, but I just assumed that she was relaxed and having inappropriate thoughts possibly regarding what she hoped I would do to her later. I then perceived that she was moving very slightly. Rocking back and forth on her heels and lifting her bum slightly. I just assumed that this was some sort of "advanced" exercise, however when I got a bit closer I thought that I could make out an object between her legs resting on the floor.

In front of her she had laid out the mattress from the sofa that converted to a guest bed and it was covered with a large towel.

"Lay down on your front with your legs either side of me," She ordered.

Once I was in position and lying comfortably I felt warm oil being poured over my back, then with a firm but sensual touch Susan started to massage from my shoulders down my back. When she reached right up to my shoulders I could feel her erect nipples graze along my back. She gradually started to massage further down my back until she reached my buttocks. She continued to massaged each buttock and then moved on down the tops of my legs. Running her hands up the tops of my thighs and allowed her fingers to graze my scrotum.

After a couple of minutes, she returned to massaging my buttocks. More oil was poured over my buttocks in such a way that it dribbled down the crack of my arse and collected around my anus. Using both hands Susan started to knead each cheek and to pull my buttocks apart. Every now and then she would use her thumbs to massage around my anus ensuring that it was well lubricated and then gently run a finger along the crack between my buttocks. By now I was completely relaxed and starting to get a little excited.

Without warning I felt a finger rest against my anus and then start to press inwards. There was so much lubrication that even if I had wanted to, I was powerless to resist the inexorable entry of Susan's finger. Slowly she pushed inwards and started to feel around the inside walls of my rectum until she came in to contact with my prostate. The only other time anybody had touched me there was when I had been examined by a doctor so the slight pressure that Susan exerted came as a bit of a surprise but was extremely pleasurable.

Susan continued to gently massage my prostate. As the glow of arousal spread I found myself rubbing my erection against the bed that I was laying on. As soon as Susan noticed the subtle movements she pulled out her finger and gave me a sharp slam on my left buttock.

"We'll have less of that." She commanded. "If you can't keep still and enjoy what I am doing we will have to come up with a different plan."

She then gently pushed her finger back into my anus and re-commenced her massaging. I wasn't sure how long I would be able to just lay there and enjoy myself before I was forced to take matters into my own hands and potentially ravage Susan whether she wanted it or not.

After a while I felt Susan's other hand starting to massage by balls. In an attempt to encourage her I carefully moved my legs so that I lifted my hips up off of the bed allowing her to slide her hand further under me and allow her to massage my already over excited cock. I felt her finger spread pre-cum around the tip of my cock, I was slow close to cumming but Susan was very careful that she didn't push me too far.

Suddenly, she pulled her finger out of my anus and took her hand away from underneath me.

"Roll over." She commanded.

Once I had rolled over and made myself comfortable Susan sat astride my hips. As she sat down I felt something solid press against my flesh. When I looked down my earlier suspicion was confirmed. I could just see the base of her glass dildo buried deep inside of her. As she moved it slid in and out ever so slightly -- she had been quietly fucking herself with it all evening.

Susan leaned forward slightly so that she could start to massage my chest. At the same time to make me more comfortable she reached behind herself and positioned my penis so that it rested between her buttocks. As she massaged by chest she continued to move her lower body up and down thereby continuing to both stimulate herself with the dildo and keeping my penis stimulated.

As Susan picked up the massage oil to continue my massage I held out my hands, realizing what I had planned she poured a generous quantity on to them. So, at the same time as Susan was massaging my chest I could massage hers. I made sure that I paid as considerable attention to the sides and tops of her breasts and didn't just play with her erect nipples. However, it was difficult to resist the temptation especially as the more attention I paid to them the more her arse squirmed and rubbed against my hard pressed cock which was now getting desperate for release from the constant stimulation that had been taking place over what seemed like hours.

I moved my hands down her body so that I could now massage her lower parts. Because of the way that she was sitting on me I had very limited access to her nether regions but was able to get some contact with her clitoris. As I gently massaged it Susan stopped massaging my chest and started to lean backwards. This allowed me more access and even enabled me to gently move the dildo around, the one downside was that my penis was now bent at a somewhat uncomfortable angle. As Susan got closer to orgasm she started to rock more and more increasing my discomfort. I was worried that when she did cum she would either cause me some damage or the extra rocking would bring me to orgasm too soon. I need not have worried. As Susan's orgasm took hold she sat up again and started to push up on her legs so that as well as my stimulation of her clitoris she could increase the movement of the dildo in and out of her soaking vagina. I don't think I have ever seen her enjoy an orgasm so much. She didn't make much noise apart from her heavy breathing and a sigh each time the dildo re-entered her body, she went on and on fucking herself with the dildo for what seemed an age.

Eventually Susan started to calm down, luckily for me her change of position had reduced the rubbing of my cock and I had not cum yet.

"Well I think it is about time we finished you off as well, but I don't intend to rush anything. I intend to keep you in this aroused state for a while longer." Susan told me.

I started to worry. I was not sure that I could take much more teasing, but I was sure that if I tried to push things along she would still be able to control what was occurring. I resigned myself to my pleasurable fate and lay back on the bed.

Susan lifted her body far enough to allow the dildo to drop from her pussy. She moaned slightly as the head exited her body. She put her hand over her vulva and carefully rubbed herself. Her eyes closed as she exerted a small amount of pressure over her clitoris and the tip of her middle finger stroked the entrance to her vagina. She then shifted backwards a little bit so that she was positioned over my rigid penis. With her other hand she took hold of it then with ran the wet finger that had been in her pussy all the way up my cock from the base to the tip. I thought I was going to cum there and then, but Susan was very careful not to push me over the edge.

Slowly she lowered herself, guiding my penis to replace the dildo which had impaled her. As the tip entered her she stopped moving. I could feel her muscles throbbing and I was impressed with the amount of control and agility she was showing. I tried to encourage her to get on and fuck me by starting to massage her clitoris again, but she pushed my hands away

"Tut, tut, naught boy. I will decide how fast we go and you are to lay there and keep still." She ordered.

So, I put my hands behind my head so that it was supported a little bit and I could see what was happening further down my body and to remove the temptation to caress Susan's body any more.

As slowly as she could she lowered her body onto my cock, I could feel her muscles tensing around it, well trained as they had become from the ongoing wearing of the ben-wa balls which she had continue to use after our earlier adventure. Once I was buried in as deep as possible she stopped moving. I was so frustrated I started to beg Susan for release, but I knew that I was wasting my breath, she would continue at her own pace until she was good and ready. Susan continued to squeeze her vaginal muscles seemingly at random and she rocked very gently back and forward to prevent me from losing interest, but I was never going to be able to cum from this amount of stimulation.

After what was probably just a short while but seemed like forever I saw one of Susan's hands move towards her clitoris. Very slowly and carefully she started to tease it so that she became more aroused. As her breathing became more laboured so the squeezing of her internal muscles also increased. I hoped that finally my torment was close to coming to an end. As she approached climax she leant forwards and put both hands on the floor beside my chest. In this position she was able to start to thrust back and forth on my cock. Sometimes she would lower her body a little further so that her nipples also grazed against me ensuring they remained nicely erect.

In this position I was also able to assist by moving my hips at the same time as Susan thrust up and down. I hoped that my release was finally imminent. It didn't take long for us both to climax. I am not sure who triggered who but as soon as one of us started to have their orgasm the other followed. Susan succeeded in continuing to push backwards and forwards and as my orgasm grew I thrust my hips with increasing force ensuring that we both got the maximum stimulation. I don't think I have ever cum so hard in all my life. All the pent-up desire was released in an explosive orgasm. This in turn pushed Susan to greater heights of pleasure.

As we started to calm down I continued to thrust with my hips. Although my cock was starting to soften it was still hard enough to penetrate Susan's wet pussy. We continued to enjoy each other's bodies for as long as possible. After some minutes Susan's arm were getting tired so she lowered he body onto mine and eventually my cock softened too much to be able to fuck her, so we just lay there with our hot bodies, slippery from the combination of sweat and oil gently rubbing against each other.

Once we had calmed down we went upstairs and shared the shower tenderly soaping each other to wash off the excess oil. Obviously, we allowed our hands to roam but we were too exhausted for the contact to be more than sensual. Once we were clean and freshened we dried off and headed to bed where we snuggled up together just enjoying the feel of each other's body.

"Was that nice?" Susan asked.

"It was, not sure that I could have taken much more teasing, but I don't think I have ever cum so hard in all my life." I replied

"I am glad you enjoyed it, you never know it might lead on to more adventures."

As I lay there I began to wonder what she meant by that last comment.