 Susan was a coworker from the Philadelphia office if a large service company. We had met at a company meeting in California and had a great time. Now getting to meet up again in Philly.

My next chance to see Susan was in her hometown of Philadelphia. I had come to Philly to teach at our office there and to meet with some clients and potential clients. She had called me when she heard I was coming to town and had hinted that we might be able to find some time to spend together.

My boss, who was from Philly, and I arrived in town late on Wednesday afternoon. We checked into the hotel and headed over to watch the Phillies play at Veteran's Stadium with the partner in charge of the Philadelphia office. Drinks were flowing and I was feeling no pain when we left at the end of the game.

We got back to the hotel about 11 and I headed up to my room. I was stunned when I opened my door and Susan was on the bed. She was wearing a black negligee, black thigh high stockings, black heels and no panties. Her hand was wrapped around a silver vibrator that she was moving around her pussy lips and clit. She stopped and smiled at me as I closed the door and stepped into the room. 

"Surprised", she asked? 

"Yes, pleasantly so," I replied, "please continue what you are doing, I love to watch." She continued playing with her vibrator as I began to undress. While stripping, I watched the vibrator play around her wet and dripping pussy. She was obviously was very close to cumming. As I slipped my underwear off, I stepped to the end of the bed and stood where I had a clear view of her pussy while she masturbated while I stroked my hardening cock.

The vibrator plunged in and out of her pussy faster and faster while she squeezed her tits with her left hand. Susan's breathing was becoming labored. The orgasm began to sweep over her as her head snapped back, her body tensed and the vibrator pushed up against her clit. Her entire body tensed and gasps of pleasure escaped from her lips. it was one of the hottest things I had ever watched.

I stood at the end of the bed slowly stroking my cock and watching her recover. She slowly pulled the vibrator from her pussy and looked up at me at the end of the bed. "Sorry", she said, "I could not wait any longer and I was not sure how long you guys were going to be." 

"No problem, I really enjoyed watching you", I said. "How did you get in here?"

"I told the front desk I was your sister and we were meeting up here. They gave me a key, hope you don't mind."

"How could I mind, a sexy hot woman in my bed. You look very sexy tonight."

She smiled and sat up on the bed and slowly crawled to the end of the bed. My cock was pointing straight up, a bit of precum on the tip. As she reached the end of the bed she grabbed my cock and began to slowly stroke the entire length of it. Her mouth hovered over the head of my cock, I could feel her hot breath flowing over the tip of my cock. Without a word, she slid her wet hot mouth down until the entire 7 inches of my then throbbing cock was down her throat. Her tongue swirled my cock engulfing it in heated saliva.

After about 30 seconds of my cock down her throat, she pulled her head back gasping for air.

I leaned down and kissed her. "Lay on your back" I whispered. She rolled onto her back and I pulled her head over the edge of the bed. Stepping forward I slid my cock back into her mouth pushing it in deeply and pulling it out again. I was slowly fucking her mouth and reached down her body to finger her pussy. It was soaked from her earlier orgasm and two fingers slid easily into her hot pussy. She gasped around my cock as I touched her still sensitive clit.

Since I was fairly drunk, I had not blown my load down her throat yet. My cock continued fucking her face as I fingered her pussy, easily slipping a third finger into her. Susan reached up and began massaging her magnificent 36D tits.

Pulling my cock from her mouth, I slid my balls down her face and over her mouth. Susan opened her mouth and began to tongue my balls. Soon she took one, then both balls into her mouth and began to suck on them. Gently at first and then with increased suction. I was moaning with pleasure/pain while she sucked my balls.

It was amazing how my balls felt being sucked into her mouth with her tongue swirling around them. The mixture of pain and pleasure was amazing. I was so focused on the feeling of my balls in her mouth that I had stopped fingering her pussy. Susan's hand moved to her pussy and began rubbing her clit, pushing in with my fingers. She was rubbing and fingering herself with purpose and I could see her chest rising as her breathing increased. I could feel the hot breath from her nose in my ass as she tried to catch her breath. Suddenly her head fell away from my balls and her body tensed as her fingers flew faster over her clit. I had pulled my fingers out of her way. She went stiff and her fingers pushed deep into her pussy and another orgasm pulsed through her. It was so hot to watch her get off like that.

She laid on the bed trying to catch her breath. I had stayed at the edge of the bed and had begun to slowly stroke my cock again. Susan opened her eyes and saw me stroking above her face. She smiled and said "I need your dick in me - please fuck me and cum in me." I did not really need any encouragement and jumped onto the bed with her, moving down to position my cock over her pussy. She pulled her stockinged legs up and pushing her knees apart I slid my cock all the way into her in one push.

I could not believe how hot and wet her pussy was. Between her sucking my cock and balls and her masturbating in front of me I was ready to cum. I slowly slid my cock in and out of her relishing the heat and slickness of her pussy as I ran my hands over her stockings - I love that feeling. Sensing I was about blast a load in her I began to fuck her faster. Pushing her legs up to her shoulders and driving as deeply as I could into her. She was humping back against me and began to whisper "cum in me, I need your cum in me." That sent me over the edge and I plunged as deep as I could into her and began pumping hot cum deep into her pussy as she wrapped her legs around me to pull me on deeper. I drained myself into her and fell forward onto her luscious tits and began to nuzzle and lick them.

After a minute or so, she unwrapped her legs from me and I rolled off of her. We rearranged ourselves in the bed with me settled behind her and my now limp cock nestled in her ass crack as we drifted off to sleep for the night.

It had been another great night with her and I had two more nights in town.