 Note: if you haven't already, read Susan in NYC Ch. 01 & 02, which are prequels to this story.

Since Susan had awakened me on Saturday morning with a highly pleasurable blowjob, I decided to return the favor on Sunday morning. I'd gotten up to hit the bathroom and, when I returned, there was enough light sneaking in around the blinds that I could see her naked form laid out and her blond bush beckoning me. I slipped out of my robe and hung it up then knelt on the end of the bed, nudging her legs apart and lowering my face toward her pussy. I glanced up and it looked like she was still asleep then I ran my tongue along her slit. She moaned softly and squirmed slightly but, as I continued to lap at her pussy, she gradually woke and parted her legs even more. I slipped a finger into her and, as I slowly slid it in and out, I was licking and sucking her clit, which had her moaning and rocking her hips toward my face. When I glanced up again, her eyes were still closed but she had a big smile on her face.

My cock was fully rigid by this point and I was expecting that I'd slip it into her hot, wet pussy once I'd made her cum but I still wasn't rushing to get her there quickly. Since she was leaving later that day, and I didn't know when the next time would be that I'd get to eat her pussy, I was going to savor this opportunity even more than I already had been. My primary goal, as always, was to provide her with a high level of pleasure and an incredibly satisfying orgasm, which I had no intention of changing just to indulge my own selfish desires. I figured if I could draw out the pleasure she was experiencing without taking it so far that she felt like I was torturing her by denying her an orgasm, I could enjoy eating her pussy for longer while she enjoyed having her pussy eaten for longer. Of course her moaning was becoming louder and longer and she was rocking her hips faster as I continued to eat her but, since I knew I'd be slipping my throbbing cock into her pussy once she'd cum, I can't say that I was disappointed that her orgasm was already drawing closer.

I didn't really alter my technique at all even as she was beginning to tense up since it seemed to be doing the trick just fine. When she finally let out a cry that, if anyone had heard it would have left no question that it was a result of intense pleasure, she went limp and her entire body was shaking. I continued to eat her while she was cumming and, after another long and clearly intensely pleasurable orgasm, I raised my head once she'd gone completely still and quiet. As she was catching her breath and recovering, I slipped my finger from her pussy into my mouth to suck off her juices as I straightened up. I took a moment to admire her naked form laid out on my bed before turning to grab a condom from the drawer behind me. I had a decent stash in there, though I hadn't stocked up in anticipation of her visit because I'd had no idea that we'd be fucking at all, much less so much. I don't know about now, but back in the early 90s, condoms were readily available on my college campus so, whenever I saw them, I'd grab a few. Unfortunately, though I did get laid occasionally, I was collecting them a lot faster than I was using them, at least until that weekend.

I immediately tore open the packet and rolled the condom onto my stiff cock. When I turned back, she was watching me, her focus on my sheathed tool. I moved onto the bed and lowered myself over her, guiding my cock into her hot, snug pussy as she wrapped her arms around me. Once I was fully embedded, we brought our lips together and started making out. While our tongues were exploring each other's mouths, I was slowly sliding my cock in and out of her, savoring the feel of her snug, slippery pussy. I liked feeling her body below me and her tongue in my mouth but I wouldn't have said that missionary was a favorite position. Fucking her felt so good, however, that I had no desire to stop and change positions. Fortunately, she wasn't shy about speaking up when there was something she wanted to do differently. It may have been when the telltale squeaking of my dorm bed started or just that, like me, it wasn't her favorite position.

"Can I be on top now?" she asked after pulling her mouth from mine.

"Of course," I replied as I moved off of her and to the side. She got up and straddled me, guiding my cock back to her pussy and lowering herself down on it, causing both of us to moan again. As much as I liked feeling her body below mine, I certainly preferred this view as she sat upright, moving up and down on my cock. I reached up to fondle her tits while looking up at her happy, smiling face, feeling grateful once again for how well this weekend visit had transpired. My gaze traveled over every visible inch of her body, committing it to memory even though I anticipated seeing it again because I just didn't know when that would be. As she was picking up her pace and her tits started bouncing, I moved my hands around to caress her ass instead so that I could watch them and likewise commit the details to memory. The volume and duration of her moaning were increasing along with her pace so she was clearly building toward another orgasm. I was pushing up into her each time she dropped down to try to help her along while feeling my own orgasm slowly building as well.

I don't think either of us was surprised when she got there before I did. She dropped down onto my cock and remained there, going quiet for a moment before letting out a cry of pleasure. As her body shook, I brought my hands back around from her ass to fondle her tits since they weren't bouncing any longer. It was another of her typically long and apparently highly pleasurable orgasms and, when she appeared to have finished cumming, she remained seated on my cock as she was catching her breath. When she opened her eyes again, she smiled then leaned down to kiss me. Before I started sliding my cock in and out of her hotter, wetter pussy again, though, she started kissing her way down over my chest as my cock slipped out of her.

Once she was positioned on her stomach between my legs with my rigid cock right in her face, she slipped the condom off and dropped it on the floor then gripped the base of my cock and engulfed it in her mouth. I moaned as she began sucking my cock and pulled my pillow over to prop up my head so that I could watch her. I was going to miss her skill and her enthusiasm when it came to sucking cock but, again, I knew I'd get to experience it again. In the meantime, though, I wanted to be able to remember every detail of this one until the next time so I was savoring the feel of her lips sliding up and down my tool and the visual of my cock disappearing into her mouth. I'd been on my way to an orgasm when she'd been riding me so it wasn't going to take much of her skillful cocksucking before I was spewing into her mouth. She did manage to draw it out a bit longer than I expected to be able to last, and I probably would have been content to enjoy it all day, but ultimately I just couldn't hold back my orgasm and I didn't want to try. With a grunt, I started spurting into her mouth while she swallowed down my load and continued to suck me off. Only when I was fully spent did she let my cock fall from her mouth then crawl up to lie beside me.

We lay around naked for a while, just enjoying the opportunity while we had it, and talking about how awesome her visit had been as well as plans for the future. Eventually we dragged our naked butts out of bed to go shower but, since we wanted to make the most of the little time we had left together, we figured out how to go simultaneously. She took my robe while I just wrapped a towel around myself and she took my toiletries while I grabbed the complimentary toiletries I'd snagged from the hotel in Connecticut. Neither of us took a long shower though, as I was lathering myself up, I knew we'd have to figure out a way to shower together before too long. Thinking about lathering her up while she did the same to me quickly had the blood returning to my spent cock so it looked like another round of orgasms before she left would be a given.

I was back in my dorm room before she was so I hung up my towel but didn't get dressed because my cock was nearly rigid and I intended to use it. When she walked in the door and saw it, her eyes went wide and she immediately reached out to stroke it. It quickly reached full rigidity so she turned to put down my toiletries but, when she turned back, I untied my robe and opened it to expose her body. Despite my cock being achingly hard, once I'd slipped the robe off and had hung it up, I had her sit on the edge of my bed as I knelt before her. I'd just eaten her pussy a little while earlier but I'd also fucked her even more recently so I wanted to devour her again before slipping my cock back into her hot, wet pussy.

She leaned back with her legs parted so I ran my tongue along her slit, tasting the pungent nectar that she was abundantly producing. Her moaning immediately commenced and she reached down to run her fingers through my hair. I slurped up her juices then focused my tongue on her clit while slipping a finger into her. While slowly sliding it in and out, I licked and sucked her clit as her moaning became even louder and longer. Glancing up, I not only noted her perky titties pointed toward the ceiling but also that her eyes were closed and her face showed an expression of both bliss and passion. Again, I was happy to be able to put that expression on her face and to make her feel a significant level of pleasure, but I was also happy for the opportunity to eat her pussy and fuck her.

I wasn't trying to draw out the pleasure I was providing this time, wanting to make sure I had sufficient time to enjoy fucking her before we had to start thinking about her catching a train. My goal, as usual, was to make her cum with the highest level of pleasure and I felt comfortable that I was providing that. She was gradually beginning to tense up as she typically did before cumming while I maintained my technique to get her the rest of the way there. Finally, after briefly going silent and still, she let out a cry as her body went limp and started shaking. I continued to eat her as she was coming, only raising my head once she'd gone completely still and had let out a long sigh. I slipped my finger out of her hot, wet pussy and into my mouth, sucking off her juices.

While she recovered, I stood with my rigid cock sticking straight out, and turned to the dresser to retrieve a condom. As I turned back while rolling it on, she was rolling over and getting her knees under her so that her ass was up in the air. I stood behind her, ran my hands over her toned ass then guided my sheathed cock into her snug, slippery pussy. We both moaned as I slid in until my hips were pressed against her ass then I started to slowly slide my tool in and out of her. Holding her hips, I was watching my cock slide in and out of her as she reached between her legs to caress her clit. Once I had a good, steady rhythm going, I slid my hands up to cup her swinging tits, feeling her hard nipples against my palms. The longer I was fucking her, the more she was pushing back against my incoming thrusts and, as another orgasm was apparently building, she took control of the pace while I'd just give a thrust each time her ass hit my hips.

My own orgasm was steadily building but it seemed like hers was building even more quickly, which was really no surprise by this point. I was just savoring the pleasure of fucking her without feeling any pressure to hold out or feeling any need to distract myself, which was not typical for my random sexual encounters on campus. It was a pleasant surprise that we'd gotten into such a consistent rhythm in such a short time. I ended up straightening up and moving my hands back to her hips as she was pushing back harder and faster, clearly getting close to cumming. When she pushed back and just held there, I pulled her hips so that I was fully embedded and just waited a moment until she let out a cry and started shaking. As she was cumming, I started to fuck her again, knowing that her pussy was being flooded with even more lubrication. I'd been getting close to cumming before she beat me to it but, as I savored her now even hotter and wetter pussy, I was quickly on the brink once again.

Once she'd apparently recovered enough from her own orgasm, she was pushing back again so that I was getting maximum penetration into her snug, slippery pussy. The sounds of my hips smacking into her ass had taken over for her moaning when she'd been approaching an orgasm but my own moans were becoming harder to subdue as my cock was becoming even thicker with my impending orgasm. Finally, with a grunt I started to spew into the condom while continuing to thrust into her, relishing the pleasure that accompanied every spurt. I continued to thrust until I was beginning to soften and losing the condom became a concern then I slipped out of her and stepped back. She turned over and sat on the edge of my bed again, smiling up at me. I leaned down and kissed her then grabbed a tissue and slipped off the condom then wiped my cock before tossing both in the trash.

I sat beside her on the bed and kissed her again then she rested her head on my shoulder and we just sat there for a minute. We didn't need to even say anything; we just enjoyed the moment before we both got up and started getting done. We had already talked a lot about getting together again soon but that didn't make it any easier to prepare to say good-bye. Soon enough, though, we were both dressed and done and she was all packed up so we headed out to go catch the subway. We were less sad that this incredible weekend was over than we were psyched that it had gone so incredibly well. When her train was boarding, we kept our good-bye suitable for public and there were no tears shed. On the contrary, we were both nearly giddy and, even as I headed back to the subway, I was in an outstanding mood.

Once I was back at school, my good mood did not diminish mostly because, with Susan gone, so many people were interested in talking to me about her. Apparently her passionate vocalizations were heard by many during her visit so the guys mainly wanted details about what had been going on and the girls, much to my surprise, were suddenly interested in whether we were an item, whether we were serious, what exactly the status of our relationship was, that kind of thing. Because I was experiencing so much interest from the women on my floor, I was super discreet when discussing Susan with the guys. The women were super discreet when they stopped by and casually asked about my situation then, upon learning that we were not serious, asked if I could make them feel like she had so obviously been feeling. That stash of condoms was suddenly coming in handy as I was getting regular visits not only from women who lived on my floor but from women who'd been visiting my floor that weekend.

While all of this might sound disrespectful to Susan, I didn't keep it a secret from her. I admit that I didn't intend to tell her but she asked whether my floormates had been curious about her. I jokingly told her that they'd asked what all the moaning was about since they assumed it couldn't have been related to my sexual prowess. She actually said that I could easily dispel that by demonstrating on any of the girls who asked then any guys who asked would hear even more moaning and would have to accept it eventually.

"You wouldn't care if I was pleasuring other women?" I asked.

"No, of course not," she replied, "First, it'd be selfish of me and, second, I know I'll benefit from you keeping those skills sharp."

"You're incredible," I told her, "Did you know that?"

"Just don't forget it," she said.