 My name is Susie O'Connell. I am 18 and had just graduated from high school. My boyfriend, Corey, was 20 and a student at Caltech.

On our first date we had sex. In fact, the purpose of that date was to have sex. We came to like each other so much that we became boyfriend and girlfriend.

Corey's parents were divorced and his father lived in a mansion with a guest house. At Corey's request he had offered the guest house to us as a 'trysting place' unless he needed it for business guests (which was almost never). As I reported in another chapter I debated whether to accept the offer for some time. When I made up my mind I went to Corey's to tell him but his sister, my best friend Kaitlyn, told me he was at the hobby store about a mile away. I ran the whole way there.

 The "Fly Guys"

When I entered the store Corey saw me and came over, "Susie, what are you doing here?"

"I agree to using the guest house," I whispered to him. "I couldn't wait to tell you." Then I said aloud, "I wanted to see your hangouts anyway. Can you introduce me to your friends?"

He took me over. "Guys this is Susie, she's the girl I told you about." I hugged his arm and kissed him so they would have no doubt what he meant.

"Susie: Howard, George, Travis and Sunil."

They stood there, seemingly frozen and unable to speak.

"You are a quiet bunch," I said, "Maybe you've never seen a girl before."

I made a quick decision and hugged each of them, giving them a quick peck on the cheek and saying their name as I did so. "Hi Howard, Hi George, Hi Travis, Hi Sunil. So what are you looking at?"

Corey started by pointing at a silver contraption inside the display. "We were trying to decide whether this radio control servo would be appropriate for the plane we're building."

"Corey, you never said you were actually building a plane," I exclaimed. "It's not at your house, where is it?"

"At my house, Ma'am," Travis actually spoke.

"Travis, didn't you hear Corey, I'm 'Susie', not 'Ma'am'." I gave him another peck on the cheek. I figured it wouldn't hurt to give out rewards when they spoke.

"Sure, Susie," he said with a bit more confidence and getting another rewarding kiss.

"I'm afraid I know next to nothing about servos," I told them. "Well, I don't even know what a 'servo' is. So I probably won't be of much help but maybe someone could describe the problem."

That started an outburst of sound as each of them started describing their own view of the situation.

"Wait a minute," I said. "One at a time if I am to understand anything you say." I gave each a rewarding peck.

"Travis, The plane is at your house, so you go first." I let each of them describe the issues with whether the servo was appropriate for their plane. I asked questions and came to understand that the servo was something to move parts of the plane from radio signals. The problems related to whether it would fit, was powerful enough to move the parts they had in mind and then the basic one of cost.

I said, "maybe hobby shops are different but at clothing stores I can buy something and if after I get it home I decide I can't afford it or that it doesn't go with my other clothes I can take it back for a refund."

That started another free for all discussion which resulted in the decision to buy four of the parts on a trial basis.

As we left the store I held onto Corey's arm as some of the boys told him things like. "It really helped for her to come." "She's more beautiful than you described." "She actually kissed you, full on the lips."

I said, "You know I'm right here, you can talk to me about some of this. I kissed Corey full on the lips because I really, really like him, well, I love him." I gave him a huge, passionate smooch. "And you should see what I can do in private! Thank you for saying I am beautiful and I am glad I could be of help."

Then I added, "Are you going to Travis' place? I would love to see your airplane."

"Sure, come along," they said in a sort of disorganized chorus.

I took, 'shotgun' in Corey's car and George and Sunil jumped in back, then Howard squeezed in. Travis had his car and, having no woman with him, had to drive alone.

"You're not like other girls." George said as we drove away.

"Oh, is that so? How is that?" I asked.

"Well, you talk to us."

"And you pay attention." Sunil added.

Not to be left out, Howard added, "and you ask questions."

"I am sure most girls do that." I smiled.

"Not with us," Sunil said somewhat sadly.

"Sunil, I bet that's not true," I told him. After a brief pause I continued, "Well I suppose most people like to talk about things they know and like. What would you do if a girl did come over and started talking to you and telling you about the clothes she just bought at the mall."

"I'd be flabbergasted." Sunil said.

All the boys laughed and George added, "You'd probably faint."

Then I said, "Well, I suppose that after much of that you would get bored and try to get away because you are not interested in girl's clothes and know nothing about it."

Sunil said, "Except George, he likes trying on his sister's clothes."

"I do not!" George said and gave Sunil a light punch.

"Boys, you are being childish." They quieted down. "My point is that if you go up to a girl and start talking about servos most girls will get bored and try to get out of the conversation. In fact that would happen if you go up to most boys. You need to talk about things you are both interested in."

"How do you find out without talking to them," George said.

"Good question," I said. "You are both people and you must have met because of something you have in common, even if it's only being in the same class at school."

"What if she doesn't like the class," Sunil said. He said it like he had a particular girl in mind.

"Well, then talk about the teacher, maybe some trait everyone knows about, I told him. "A warning, don't do anything which she might think is bragging or making yourself seem better than her. Like don't start off offering to help with homework in a class where she gets poor grades."

Then Howard asked, "So Corey what did you talk about with Susie to get her to talk with you?"

Corey answered, "Well, I was lucky, Susie started the conversation."

I jumped in, "Didn't Corey tell you I am his sister's best friend."

"So that's the secret," Howard said.

"Well, maybe part of the secret. The rest of the secret is that he always treated me nicely when I was with his sister and he treated her nicely too. That made me think he was someone worth talking to."

"Susie, Where do you go to school?" Sunil asked.

"I just graduated from high school. I will start at community college next year."

"Oh, a freshman," George said. "Maybe that's part of the secret, find a freshman who doesn't know you're a 'Geek' and who will be impressed that an upper classman talked to her."

"I told you it won't work to act superior to her," I said.

We had arrived at Travis' house and all piled out.

Travis took us inside and to a workshop in back. We passed his mother and he said, "I'm here with the guys and we're going to work on the plane."

His mom looked up at us and replied, "I haven't met one of these 'guys' before. When did this lovely young lady become part of the 'guys'?"

Corey introduced me, "Mrs. Larkin, this is my girlfriend, Susan O'Connell. She was at the hobby shop and came over to see what we are working on."

"I am pleased to meet you, Susan. I'm glad to see at least one of 'the guys' is expanding his interests."

"I'm happy to meet you too, Mrs. Larkin," I said.

"Try and keep them under control, Susan, they could use a little feminine discipline."

"I am not sure I can," I laughed as we went out.

I was impressed. "The 'guys' had constructed several small planes and were working on a much larger one. Each of the boys had a job to do and started in on it.

I asked, "Is there anything I can do to help?"

Sunil needed someone to hold a part he was working on. Then Travis needed someone to hold a part in place while he attached it. Then Corey asked me to help string some control lines through the body. They kept me busy and laughed and talked, showing me the parts and doing their best to explain.

Mrs. Larkin came in and said, "It's getting late. Dinner is about ready. Time to send everyone home, Travis."

The boys finished up what they were in the middle of and prepared to leave.

"This was great fun! I said. Is it okay if I come with Corey some other time?"

There was a cacophony of agreement.

As we left I heard Travis telling his mom, "I wish I could have a girlfriend like that."

Corey had to take Howard and Sunil home. They tried to start the conversation about how to get a girl again.

"Guys," I told them, "this is no big deal. You just talk to them like they are people you like and respect. Don't act like you're better than them or like they're better than you. Listen to what they say just like you listen to each other. Pay attention even if they want to talk about something you aren't interested in. Finally, get to know them first, and then later you can ask them out.

"Do you think I was interested in radio controlled airplanes before I met Corey? No, I am interested because Corey is interested and I am more interested today because I met you guys and you explained things for me. You need to be like that with other girls. Get interested in what they are interested in and then they will be interested in you."

After Corey dropped off Sunil we were alone and I gave him another big kiss before he could start to drive.

As he drove me home Corey said, "Susan, you were so fantastic today. You had all those guys eating out of your hand. Are you really interested in what we're doing?"

"Yes, Corey, I am and I'd like to be included with 'the guys' frequently. Please take me the next time you go out to fly your planes."

"I will." He hesitated and wistfully said, "Susan, when you were talking with Sunil and Howard you said they should be interested in what the girls are interested in. I don't think I am showing much interest in what you do."

"Corey, I probably don't do a lot. I'm interested in dancing and I think you are interested in me doing that."

"I assume your dancing isn't always dancing naked in front of guys."

I knew he was joking and continued, "maybe I will likely try out for the cheer squad or dance group at community college and I will audition as a dancer for any musical the drama club puts on."

"That would be something to have one of the cheerleaders being a geek's girlfriend."

"I doubt it's that unusual."

"I bet most if not all the cheerleaders are involved with one of the athletes."

"Maybe I can get some of the cheerleaders to be involved with your 'guys'. Don't you have some kind of name to call yourselves?"

"No we don't."

"Then I will have to think of one." Names started flying through my mind, 'flyboys', 'air heads', 'plane geeks'. I remembered Travis' mom calling them "the guys" and decided on "The Fly Guys." That's what I called them from then on.



 A Saturday at the Guest House

For the rest of the summer I met with them every Monday and Wednesday and would go with Corey to watch them fly the planes on Saturdays. I tried my hand at flying with limited success. Corey had an RC flight simulator on his computer but I did even more poorly with that. Usually after a morning of flying we would all go out for pizza. Afterwards Corey and I would go to the guest house for an afternoon of swimming, sex, swimming, and an evening of more sex.

One Saturday as we were driving to Corey's father's I started feeling really 'horny' in anticipation of our sexual activity. I started stroking my crotch with one hand and Corey's with the other. I felt his penis start to grow and that made me even more excited. I tingled thinking of the pleasure his huge cock would give me.

We always swam naked and today Corey's father and girl friend, Marianne were sunbathing by the pool. They were naked too as is the general custom at his father's house. I never see them in the pool, they just sun bathe and go in the big hot tub. There is also a small hot tub for the guest house occupants.

We got to the guest house, disrobed and went out to swim. I couldn't keep my eyes off Corey's half erect cock and when we were in the pool I would keep brushing against it. I would even dive underwater and give it kisses while pulling at it or his balls with my hands. He started to get in the game and massaged my nipples or breasts or push his hand into my twat when I came up for air.

Finally I jumped up on him with my legs around his hips and pushed my crotch down onto his now fully erect cock. I felt the tip push in and I pulled up and lowered myself onto it again. This time I felt it go in and begin to push down Corey's foreskin. A couple of tries later it had gone in almost no farther. Like I said, Corey has a huge cock, and it needs good lubrication to get inside me. The water in the pool was washing away my natural lubrication which would normally have been sufficient given my state of arousal.

"I need you inside me, now," I told him. "Can we get out of the pool?"

I jumped off him and quickly swam to the stairs out of the pool and ran to our towels. I dried the outside of my sex parts and straightened Corey's towel as he came out of the pool. His penis, which I call 'the beast' looked over a foot long and over three inches in diameter as it pointed almost straight up into the sky. I took my towel and dried it off. "Lay down," I said pointing to his towel and he did.

I straddled him with my vaginal entrance over the beast and moved down onto it. I grabbed it with one hand and moved it back and forth over my labia, separating them with its tip. "I love the way your beast nuzzles the curtains at the entrance to my cave," I said. We call my vagina, a 'cave', a home for 'the beast'. I pushed myself down onto it and felt the tip enter, pushing against the walls. I pushed some more and felt my vagina roll back his foreskin. His penis is so big that I can feel every part of it inside me.

I pulled up and pushed down again. As I did that Corey said, "Susie, My Father and Marianne are here, they can see us."

I felt the tip of his cock reach my cervix. It filled my vagina completely and squeezed my natural lubricating juices out onto his shaft so it could enter easily. I pushed down bringing it further and further in. Just as the width had stretch my vagina to its limit so now, the length stretched and stretched. I moaned with pleasure. My butt reached his legs and my crotch encountered my hips. There was no more to enter. "Your beast feels so good inside my cave," I said. I added, "Your father and Marianne know what we do here. Didn't your father say that if we aren't having sex then he didn't know why he was letting us use the guest house?"

Well, yes, but," he looked to the side. "They are watching us."

They were behind me so I couldn't see them but told Corey as I began pumping up and down on him, "That arouses me even more, my prince, I think I am a bit of an exhibitionist."

"I think so too, princess," Corey gasped out as I continued to stroke up and down. He had his hands on my waist and moved them down to my butt then around to the front and up my tummy to my breasts. He lightly pinched my hardened nipples, squeezed my breasts, ran his hands to the sides and down to my waist.

As I moved up and the beast moved out of me I could feel the foreskin roll up and fill the gap to its tip. At the same time I felt my inner labia being pulled out of my vagina and stretching pulling some of my vagina out with it. As I moved down and the beast dove into my cave I felt its foreskin roll back against the shaft. Meanwhile it pulled my inner labia inside my vagina with it. As it pulled, the hood was pulled away from my swollen clit and my clit was pulled against the beast as it stroked past. A tingle of excitement and pleasure shot through my abdomen each time.

Corey said, "they're doing it too! Marianne is on top of my father, riding him like you're riding me." He reached up behind my back and pulled me to him, giving me a big kiss. I buried my breasts in his chest hair and moved them back and forth, enjoying the roughness against my sensitive nipples. In this position I was unable to continue my rhythm but Corey picked it up, thrusting in and out with his hips as we kissed, tongues entwining.

He released the kiss and I straightened up to continue riding him. I watched as he tightened the muscles in his face. That meant he was holding back his ejaculation. I rode him harder and faster. One, two, three, four and he came!

He grunted, jerked his hips up and I felt his penis throb inside me. Because the fit was so tight I could feel the semen rushing through the shaft and pulled up to make room at the tip. I felt the warm fluid push into the space between the tip of his cock and my cervix. I pushed down and the piston of his penis filled my vagina. With no room to do anything else the seminal fluid rushed along the side between cock and vaginal wall and out onto his pubic hair, hips and balls. I pulled up again as his hips jerked again and another wad of semen emerged with the throb of his penis. I pushed down again and again the semen squirted down onto his pubes. The tingle of orgasm rose with in me. Two more thrusts with Corey's ejections and as I rose a shudder of delight shot from my genitals through my body. I dropped myself down on him and my vagina clamped onto the beast inside it. I began to pull up and he came up with me as my body shuddered again. My abdomen joined my vagina in the frenzy and I collapsed onto his chest savoring the sensation as rapturous waves rippled through me . The waves dissipated and I felt reluctance as the beast diminished inside me. It was long enough that it could stay inside me even when relaxed but my position this time would not allow that. Sadly it pulled out and came to rest nuzzling my clit.

I lay on Corey's chest stroking one of his nipples as he caressed my back in the warm sunlight. I became aware of the heat, realized that much of my sunblock had likely washed off in the water. I rose telling Corey, "We need to get inside, I am going to burn here, if I'm not burnt already."

As I got up I noticed the semen on his pubic hair and hips. "You need to wash off, do you want to jump in the pool?" I asked.

"I have a better idea. How about the hot tub?" he suggested.



 In the Hot Tub

I grabbed the towels and ran to the small hot tub next to the guest house. It was shaded from the afternoon sun by the house. As Corey came up I showed him the mess of semen drying on his towel. "You'll have to use mine when we get out," I told him.

I sat over one of the jets as Corey turned it on and luxuriated in the feeling as it warmed and bubbled into my vagina and over my clit. When Corey got in I sat next to him and began wiping the coagulated semen from his belly and balls. Then I started pulling it out of his pubic hair.

"Do you like me just because of the sex?" he asked.

"Of course not," I said, continuing to pull semen from his privates. "Do you like me just because of my perky breasts, my cute figure, my round butt and my soft vagina?"

"No, but I do like those things," he replied.

"Well, I wouldn't be here if it were just the sex," I said. Though I do like your manly body."

He laughed. Corey is a bit overweight. "I'm serious," I said, "I like how comfortable it is to lie against." I massaged his belly and then his breasts which had a bit of fatty tissue. "Please don't become a skeleton or a hard muscle man. I don't think I would like putting my head against or lying next to hard bones or muscle. I do notice you have lost some weight."
