 My wife is a school teacher, so throughout the course of the year, there are numerous functions held for the parents during the evenings that she is expected to attend. The story I'm about to tell occurred at the end of last year when I went to pick her up after one such function. 

"Are you sure you'll be alright?" my wife asked as she got out of the car in front of the school. "That's an awfully long time to wait." 

"Don't worry about it, I'll be fine," I reassured her. "I'll stay a little late at work, pick up a few things we need at the store, and stop off to get something to eat. By the time I do all that and drive back over here, everything should be pretty much finished and we can head back home." 

"You're the best," she said, smiling and giving me a soft, delicious kiss. "I'll see you then." 

She got out of the car and walked towards the front door of the school, giving me a breathtaking view as she went. It was late spring, so the weather was finally warm and she was showing off a little skin. Classily, of course, since it was a work function. Nonetheless, the brightly colored skirt, matching top, and heels accented all the right parts. I licked my lips as I watched her perfect ass and muscular legs as she walked away. As she approached the door, she wiggled her hips a bit, knowing full well that I was watching and probably drooling. She turned back towards the car, smiled and waved, and headed off to her meeting. 

"God, she's hot," I mumbled to myself, feeling my cock begin to harden at the mere thought of making love to her. "Ok, now to work," I said, attempting to bring myself back from the daydream I was headed for. I put the car in gear and drove the few miles to my office. 

The day passed as I expected, lots of meetings and reports to write. My wife called around 5 to make sure everything was going well. I assured her it was and said that I would probably be leaving in another hour. There was nothing sexual about the call, but the sound of her voice made my heart flutter and made me want to go back to the daydream I had earlier in the day. For a minute I actually considered heading into the bathroom to masturbate, fantasizing about my hot piece of ass wrapping her lips around my cock and sucking me till I shot my sticky cum in her mouth, but I forced myself back to work. 

I left work at a little after six and headed over to the mall to pick up two new ink cartridges for our printer and stopped by the book store to see what new books had come out in the history section. I wandered over to the food court and got a bite to eat. By now it was about quarter past eight and I decided to make the half hour drive back to my wife's school. Unfortunately, there had been a car accident on the main road I had to take to get to the school, so by the time I arrived there it was just before 9. I pulled into the parking lot and noticed only one other car. 

"I hope she's not mad," I thought to myself as I got out of the car and hurried to the door. I pressed the buzzer for her to let me in and waited for the door to open. A minute passed before I heard the sound of her heels clicking down the hallway to the door. 

"Hi baby," she said, as she pushed open the door. "You have perfect timing. Everything's wrapped up and I'm almost ready to get out of here." She smiled and gave me a kiss. "Follow me," she directed, "I need your help carrying some stuff to the car." 

"Anything for my Princess," I teased, following her into the school. "I was worried you were going to be mad at me since I was so late. There was an accident and traffic was really bad." 

"Nope, like I said, you have perfect timing," she replied. 

We entered her classroom and she pointed out a few small boxes that needed to be loaded in the car. 

"I have a couple more things to gather up, so if you can take those out to the car now, I should be just about ready by the time you get back," she said. "Just prop open the door when you go outside so you can get back in." 

"No problem," I replied stacking up the boxes. 

Before I picked them up, she walked over to me and gave me another kiss, this one much deeper and with a little tongue. Her hand gently brushed against my cock through my pants and she moaned softly in my ear. I kissed her again, sliding my tongue deep in her mouth and cupped her left boob in my hand, gently squeezing. She began to rub my cock a little harder, making it quite stiff. 

"Ok," I said, "Let's get this stuff loaded up so we can go home and make love."

"Yes," she said, "Let's." 

"Good night Lissy," came a strange voice as I was heading out the classroom door. "See you on Monday." 

"Good night Pam. Have a good weekend," said my wife. 

I took the boxes to the car and returned to the classroom to finally collect my wife and whatever else she was bringing home. 

"Are you ready?" I asked. 

"No, not quite," she replied. "There's one more thing I absolutely need to do before we get out of here." 

I was starting to get a little annoyed. After all, it was nearly 9:30 on a Friday and we were still at her work. 

"Ok, how long is this going to take?" I asked, trying as best I could do disguise the irritation in my voice. 

"That's up to you," she replied, again walking over to where I stood and planting another kiss on my lips. This time it was a different kiss, much harder and forceful; it had a feeling I was quite familiar with after a few years of marriage. 

"Lissy, what is it that you want?" I asked innocently. 

"Well," she began, "You said you want to make love and I want it now. I don't think I can wait till we get home." 

"Here in the classroom?" I asked, extremely turned on by the idea. 

"Why not? Everyone's gone. I've been thinking about your hard cock in my tight little cunt all day and I want it now." 

"What a naughty schoolteacher," I teased. "I could never turn down that offer," I said, beginning to unbuckle my pants. "I love to make my Princess happy." 

I dropped my pants and underwear to my ankles, exposing my very hard cock, drops of precum already beginning to form on the tip. 

"I've been thinking about this all day," I told her. "You are sooo incredibly hot and you almost caused me to masturbate at work." 

"I like to hear that," she said, gently caressing my balls. "I like to know that I make my man all hot and bothered." 

She walked over to her desk and motioned me to follow. I did as I was told with a little difficulty since my pants were down around my ankles. She turned around, hiked up her skirt, bent over the desk slightly, and said, "fuck me. Fuck me deep and hard."

I pulled down the waist band of her thong to expose the top of her ass crack and gently licked it and then grabbed both ass cheeks and gently squeezed. God I love her ass, it's so perfect. I pulled the thong down the rest of the way and she bent over a little more, spreading her legs a bit as she did so. I took a step back to get a better look and nearly lost my mind. Her ass was pushed out as she bent over the desk, she was still wearing her heels and her legs were spread, her skirt was hiked up to just below her boobs, and her brown hair was hanging down over her face. 

"What are you waiting for?" she asked, "Come and fuck my pussy." 

Without a word, I stepped in closer and slid my cock between those amazing thighs and into her dripping pussy. Very slowly I began to thrust in and out, enjoying the awesome sensation. 

"Yes Baby," she breathe, "now faster, fuck me faster." 

I continued a nice slow and even pace, letting the anticipation build. 

"Does my Princess want to be fucked hard?" I asked, continuing my pace. 

"Yes, yes," she replied. "I want it hard." 

"You want it hard like a slut?" 

"Yes baby. Hard like a dirty little slut." 

"Then let me hear you beg," I said. 

"Please baby, fuck me like the pretty little slut I am. I want you to shoot your cum in my hot wet cunt. Please Baby," she whined. 

"I guess I can do that," I replied. 

I grabbed her hips and began to thrust, deep and hard. 

"Oh God, yes! That's what I want!" she exclaimed. 

Faster and faster I continued to thrust, my orgasm slowly beginning to build. She began to rock her hips front to back, setting up a great rhythm with my thrusting and making my cock penetrate even deeper. 

"Oh baby, fuck my hole! Ram that cock deep inside! Fuck your dirty little schoolteacher's cunt!"

We continued our rhythm for another minute or two, both of our orgasms continuing to build. 

"Yes! Yes! Keep going fast! I'm gonna cum!" she exclaimed, both hands clutching the edge of the desk. 

I thrust one more time and felt my orgasm explode inside her, shooting hot sticky cum deep in her pussy. 

"Oh God! Oh God! Yes!" she yelled. 

I felt her pussy tighten around my cock and then begin to pulse as the waves of her orgasm washed over her. She paused for a minute to catch her breath before turning around, throwing her arms around me and giving me a deep passionate kiss. 

"That's what your Princess needed," she sighed. 

She bent down and picked up her thong, handing it for me to hold and said," Let's go home," 

"You're not going to wear this?" I asked, zipping up my pants and buckling my belt. 

"No," she replied, "There's nothing better than the feel of leather on bare skin and I intend to enjoy the ride home. Plus, I'm not done with you yet and it'll only get in the way once we're home."