 "One of these days, I just might do that." Stephanie's sexy voice said over the phone. She was performing part 1000 of an infinite amount of performances that Drew and her were likely to go through. It was in response to his invitation to come over. He had given it knowing full well what the result would be. Yet another maybe, yet some more teasing, but the end result was that they would remain phone friends. He couldn't be upset with her, however. After all – he did the same thing to her!

"One of these days, eh?" Drew replied. "I'll hold my breath!"

"Hey – you could always come here, you know?"

"I know. Things are pretty busy, though." He explained for the thousandth time. It has been several years of this. Both had been through the rigmarole. "I miss you."

"I miss you too." Stephanie admitted. "It's weird. I haven't seen you in like five years other than in pictures, but I really do miss you. I can't believe our chemistry!"

"It was right from the start." He agreed. "Ever since you walked into my store, I wanted you."

"You had a girlfriend! You should have acted! Instead – you move to another city and get married!"

"What can I say? I'm in love! Hell, you got married too! And you had kids!"

The two of them seemed to always recap what could have been. She got married first. He followed suit. She has had three children in those five years. Through it all, the two of them remained in contact via telephone and email. Both of them, despite being in love with others, had developed strong feelings for each other. 

Drew had brown hair and brown eyes. He was tall – over six feet. The last time Stephanie saw him – back when they were friends who worked just down the mall from each other – he weighed 190 pounds. He was now up over 230. He wore it well. Not that it mattered. Her feelings for him had developed beyond looks. She has seen recent pictures of him and it only served to make her want him more. 

For her part, Stephanie was a beautiful woman. Long, dark hair went just past her shoulders and she gorgeous, captivating brown eyes. When he first met her she was about 5-5 or 5-6 and she weight about 135 pounds. She had a huge rack. Oh, how he dreamed of those beautiful tits! In the years since he last seen her, she had three children and her weight had ballooned to 180 pounds. He had seen recent pictures of her as well. His feelings for her were so strong that he saw past that. He wouldn't admit it to himself, but he loved her. 

"You know what?" Stephanie asked.

"What?"

"I'm gonna do it."

"Huh?" His cock got hard in his shorts.

"I'm gonna come over there. Tomorrow. I'll get a sitter for the kids and I'll jump in the car. Remember what you promised me though?"

"Yes!" Drew was excited at this point, but he was trying not to let himself get too carried away. After all, they had made plans on three or four occasions to meet and something had always "come up" right before it was to happen.

"You're making me lunch!" Stephanie said. "And – I get a neck rub!"

"Deal!" He agreed. Wow! Was she really going to come over? Was he really going to see her?

Their conversation continued for several more minutes. She got directions to his house and they solidified their plans.

He got off the phone pretty optimistic. In 19 hours he would see her! Every other time that the two of them made plans, they were made well in advance. Both had lots of time to have second thoughts or find 'excuses' to get out of it. Both of them were a little nervous about seeing each other after all these years and both were a little nervous about putting themselves in a position to cheat on their spouses – even if they promised each other that nothing would happen. 

The next morning, after his wife left for work, his heart was pounding. It was nine o'clock. If all went as planned, Stephanie would be there in an hour. By 9:30 he began to watch the street for any cars that would be parking. He considered jerking off, to get himself more under control when she arrived, but elected to hold off. But man, was he horny.

For her part, Stephanie's pussy was buzzing the entire drive. She was actually going through with this! Her heart pounded harder as she passed the signs announcing the city limits to Drew's city. Just minutes away!

Drew saw a car park. It was 10:15. Heart racing, he watched as a woman emerged.

It was Stephanie.

Even from a couple of houses away, he could tell that she was every bit as beautiful as her pictures suggested. Every bit as beautiful as he remember her. She wore a blue and white sundress. The straps over the tanned skin of her shoulders were thin. It was fairly low at the front, giving him a clear view of her ample cleavage. She was wearing sandals and no socks. Her hair was done up beautifully and pulled back from her pretty face. He watched her come closer and closer, her pretty features becoming more and more apparent. His heart ached for her. He ran and opened the door as she walked up his walkway. They smiled at each other.

"Hi!" She sang. They went to each other and embraced at his doorway. 

"I missed you." He whispered in his ear, holding her closer.

Stephanie's pussy tingled at his words and she squeezed him tight. She loved him. She hadn't realized how much until she felt him hold her like this. Her husband treated her badly. Every time she spoke to Drew, she felt nothing but warmth. He looked good. He was wearing shorts and a light button up shirt.

"I missed you too." She replied quietly. 

After two minutes – after the entire neighborhood had probably seen them and could give his wife a full report, no doubt – he stepped in the house and she followed suit. He shut the door behind her.

"Oh my gawd!" Stephanie had the biggest smile on her face. "We did it!" 

They laughed. They always laughed together, but in person it felt so much better. For both of them. She set down her bag and took off her sandals. He noticed that her toenails were polished shiny and clear. When she bent over to slip off her sandals, her tits hung down beneath her and he had a clear view of the tanned skin of her cleavage. When she straightened up he couldn't help but give her another hug, this time holding her even tighter than before. When they finally split apart, they both still wore big smiles.

"Wow! You really must have missed me!" She exclaimed with a giggle. Her smile was so beautiful it was enough to melt his heart. Taking her hand he gave her a tour of his house, showing her the bedrooms, the bathroom, the kitchen and then downstairs to the recroom. They talked and joked the entire time, but they continued to hold hands like long lost lovers. They nearly were long lost lovers. One time they had kissed. It was five years ago, but both remembered it as if it were yesterday. However, he did have a girlfriend and nothing came of it.

This time he has a wife, and she has a husband and three children. Yet he knew it would be even harder to resist. 

She was hungry so they had an early lunch. Drew made them a big plate of delicious nachos and the two of them sat at the table together and shared them, talking about life and memories and – as always – what could have been.

After lunch they went downstairs and sat on the couch. He threw in a movie. 

"Aren't you forgetting something?" Stephanie asked as he sat down beside her. He looked at her curiously. "My massage?" She said, chuckling. He smiled.

"Sit forward." He said. Stephanie sat on the edge of her seat as Drew straddled behind her. As the movie began his eyes were locked on her smooth, tanned skin of her upper back. He closed his eyes and breathed in the scent of her perfume. His heart pounded with desire for what was the millionth time that morning (for it was still late in the morning). He placed his hands on the bare skin of her shoulders. She was incredibly soft! Being a little chubby had its advantages! He could caress her soft skin all day!

When Stephanie felt his hands touch her shoulders it was like electricity. When he touched her skin the buzz shot through her body down to her crotch. She wanted this man. She had to have him. She closed her eyes and sighed softly as he began to rub her shoulders.

Drew's cock was at full hardness. He had to sit back a little so that he wouldn't poke her. He would die of embarrassment if she knew that she had him this turned on already! His hands kneaded the skin of her upper back, his thumbs gently digging into the soft flesh and muscle. His hands moved closer together until he was massaging her neck.

"Ohhhhh gawd this feels good..." Stephanie sighed. She was trying not to squirm in her seat, but her pussy was tingling uncontrollably. He rubbed all over her upper back, her neck and her shoulders while she purred and moaned with her approval. He leaned forward and breathed in her scent again.

"You are so beautiful." He whispered. He gently kissed the base of her neck.

Bolts of desire shot through her. She had to kiss him! But she was facing the wrong way, the position was too awkward. He continued to massage her neck.

He was tempted to kiss her again, but showed restraint. Eventually, he had to stop. He couldn't massage her forever! After 15 minutes he quit. The only reason he didn't put any further moves on her was because she was facing the other way – otherwise, he would have given in to temptation. 

He maneuvered back beside her to watch the move. She snuggled up close to him and he slipped an arm around her shoulders. She put her hand on his thigh. Neither knew what was going on with the movie, but neither was even thinking about it. All they were thinking about is giving in to their desires. Stephanie turned to look at him, gazing deep into his eyes.

"Why haven't you tried to kiss me?" She could be pretty blunt, when she wanted to be. Her heart was pounding, though. This would be it – either he kisses her, or she is rejected.

Drew looked into her beautiful brown eyes. He was lost in them. He put his hand up, gently caressing her cheek until he held her head just underneath her ear as he leaned forward slowly. Their lips met, gently pressing together. That first kiss lasted under a second, but for them it was an eternity. For an eternity, electricity traveled to and from each other's lips. The tingling shot up and down both of their bodies, making his cock twitch and her pussy moisten. Their lips smacked softly with the brief kiss.

She put her hand on the side of his face and kissed him. He slid his hand down around her waist as he felt her tongue push against his lips. He opened his mouth, allowing her tongue to slip inside as he felt her soft back. He sent his tongue into her mouth and the two kissed passionately. He loved feeling her tongue rub up against his. Her tongue snaked deeper inside his mouth, as if exploring the depths. He eagerly did the same back to her. As her tongue danced inside his mouth he felt her hand leave the side of his face and slowly caress down his chest. The two were breathing heavily inside each other's mouth, as their kissing grew more passionate. 

Stephanie's heart beat faster as she ran her hand down his strong chest to his upper leg. She desperately wanted to feel his hard cock. She needed to know just how hard she makes him. Nervously, she slowly moved her hand to his crotch and over the bulge in his shorts. Her pussy flooded when she felt just how stiff he was through his clothes. For the second time in her life (the first happened during their one kiss five years prior), she ran her fingers around the outline of his thick hardness.

"Mmmm..." a moan of desire escaped her lips. She couldn't help it! Her body ached for this man like no man before. For a moment, an image of his hard, throbbing cock sliding inside her needy cunt flashed across her mind. "Mmmm..." another moan escaped. 

Drew ran his hand up and down the soft flesh of her naked arm and then slowly moved it to the front of her body over her sundress. He cupped her soft breast for the first time in his life (he actually resisted doing this five years ago) and he gently squeezed. She sighed into his mouth and her tongue started dancing wildly around again. He could feel her hand grip his rock-hard penis and squeeze lustfully. He ran his hand down her body over her sundress to her bare leg down to her knee. His hand slowly caressed up the smooth, soft flesh of the outside of her thigh up underneath her dress. It continued up to the side of her big, beautiful ass until he could feel the thin elastic of the side of her panties. He broke the kiss.

"Panties?" He breathed, smiling. He knew she never wore them. Stephanie chuckled. He noticed her hand never left his crotch. She gave him a beautiful smile that melted his heart yet again.

"I wore them for you!" 

He smiled and kissed her. Once. Twice. On the third kiss her tongue darted right back into his mouth. He teased his tongue around hers, cherishing the sensation. He loved Stephanie's lithe tongue! Drew ran his hand down Stephanie's smooth, plump thigh to her knee and then slowly inched up her other thigh – this time on the inside. As he inched closer and closer to her treasure, his hand could feel the temperature rising. He reached her panties and could tell that they were lace – and they were soaking wet. He could clearly feel the swollen lips of her pussy through them and he slowly ran his fingers up and down them.

"Mmmph!" She groaned into his mouth, her tongue pausing for a moment as bolts of pleasure shot up her body. The constant tingling in her vagina suddenly rose two notches. His fingers did nothing to ease her desire! She felt Drew's tongue wiggle around her mouth and it brought her back down to Earth. Stephanie pushed her tongue deeper into his mouth as her fingers began to undo the button of his shorts. She was gasping for breath inside his mouth as she slowly pulled down his zipper.

Drew slipped his fingers into the side of the crotch of her lace panties. Her pussy was shaved clean he noted, as he slowly moved towards her treasure. Suddenly he could feel the hot moisture of her slit. She was incredibly wet! Her silky lips were dripping with her juices and his heart soared with love when he realized how much he turned her on. He ran the tip of his finger down the slick, hot lips of her vagina until it reached a point where the heat was almost unbearable: her entrance. He dipped his finger inside and was caught off guard by how tight she was, yet she sucked him inside like a vacuum. He pushed his middle finger inside Stephanie's pussy to the second knuckle. It gripped him like a vice!

"Oh gawd!" Stephanie moaned, breaking the kiss. She thought that he could make her cum just with his finger! She was completely wired, conscious of every inch of her body. It was like a buzzing all over! Her hand dove into his underwear and for the second time in her life she wrapped her fingers around Drew's stiff penis. He was so fucking hard!

"Oh gawd!" she repeated. Suddenly, his finger wasn't good enough! She desperately needed this man inside her! Every inch of her being wanted him to make love to her – and then fuck her hard! She began to stroke him, as his finger eased in and out of her sensitive tunnel. 

Their lips were smacking loudly and sloppily as their kissing increased in urgency. Drew loved how hot and tight Stephanie's cunt gripped his digit and he loved how her soft fleshy thighs touched either side of his hand as he manipulated her. 

Suddenly, Stephanie broke the kiss and released his dick. She began pushing his shirt up his body, laying him back on the couch at the same time. He slipped his finger out of her pussy and her hand out from between her thighs. Before he was halfway down, she had his shirt over his head and off, throwing it on the floor. The movie continued to play on in the background as he lay on his back and Stephanie straddled him. She began kissing down his neck to his hairy chest. She kissed lovingly over every inch of his chest, her tongue darting out and teasing over his nipple. She was breathing heavily as she kissed down his belly, her hands gripping his underwear. 

She tugged and he raised his ass up off the couch. Stephanie pulled both Drew's shorts as well as his underwear down his legs to his feet and off, unleashing his rock hard penis. She felt herself get wetter at the sight. This was Drew's cock! It was hard, just for her! How often had she masturbated about seeing this very dick? Over the last five years – probably a good 1000 times! She was going to cherish this. She was going to worship this cock!

Drew watched his fantasy woman crawl back up the couch and wrap her fingers around his pole. She ducked low and he felt her tongue lick across his balls. He felt her suck one of his testicles into her mouth. He felt it pop back out. She was looking at him with her beautiful eyes as he felt his other testicle get sucked into her mouth. She released that one and she kissed the base of his thick, white penis. She kissed a little higher, her hand raising his manhood straight up into the air. She slowly kissed him, over and over, making her way to the top. When she reached his head she kissed it twice and then slowly kissed her way back down again. Her tongue snaked out and she slowly ran it up his shaft, her beautiful brown eyes again looking at him. When she reached the top she ran her tongue all around his mushroom head once, and then did it again. She kissed his helmet.

Her mouth opened up and she slowly sucked the head of Drew's penis inside. 

"Ohhhh..." he moaned, closing his eyes for a moment as he felt Stephanie's warm mouth slowly absorb his cock. He opened his eyes and watched as inch after inch of his member disappeared into her pretty mouth. She was able to get most of it inside before he hit the back of her throat. Stephanie's eyes met his as she held his cock in her mouth. He would never forget that visual. 

She slowly slid her mouth back up his pole before sliding it back inside a little faster. She began to bob her head up and down on his lap, increasing the pace a little each time. He moaned again, watching her lips slide and down his white cock.

'Slurp! Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!' Stephanie gobbled his manhood hungrily and the slurping noises could be heard across the room. He couldn't help but subtly hump his hips upwards into her face.

"Ohhh man, Stephanie." He panted. "You weren't kidding when you said you were good at that!"

Stephanie chuckled, even though her mouth was full, and then she quickly resumed her blowjob. He was incredibly hard in her mouth and he was starting to hump upwards a little too eagerly. She didn't want him to cum yet – he wasn't inside her yet! She pulled his dick out of her mouth with a 'pop'. She looked at him with a big smile.

"Did you like that?" she asked, rhetorically.

"Wow." He replied. She could see the awe in his eyes. "Kiss me." He ordered.

Stephanie quickly crawled up the couch towards him; straddling his naked body and pressing her thinly covered pussy against his exposed rod. Her sundress had hiked up to her waist. Her lips quickly found his and they kissed passionately. Her tongue darted into his mouth as she began to grind her cunt along his shaft.

Drew sent his tongue into her mouth. It felt as if she was even wetter now. When she rubbed her panty-covered pussy against him it was soaked! His hands grabbed her big, beautiful ass and he helped her rub against him as his tongue danced against hers. His fingers ran up and down the crack of her soft bum and he could feel the string of her lace thong. All he had to do was pull that thong to one side and he could be inside her. Squeezing her ass, he broke the kiss and began kissing over her cheek to her ear. He briefly sucked her earlobe into his mouth and then released it.

"I have dreamed of kissing you every day for the last five years, Stephanie." He whispered. 
