 Nude Beach

At the beginning of my 19th summer my life seemed to be falling into place and just about perfect. My last summer had begun with me in a bit of trouble with my parents. I and four of my friends had been inviting boys over to Judy's house for sex. One of the boys had told on us and as a result the parents broke us up. Back then I had graduated from high school with no idea what I would do with my life and planned to go to the local community college mostly just to put off having to make any decisions. I was working as the hostess at a local upscale coffee shop and felt like I might spend my entire life doing that or being a waitress. Now It's hard to imagine, but at that time I only knew Corey as my best friend Kaitlyn's brother.

Now, after one year of college I was 'betrothed' to Corey which means our parents have signed a contract that says we will marry each other after college. Now I had firm plans to become an Ob/Gyn. As part of our betrothal, Corey's father had provided me with an education fund. Even though that would provide for tuition, books, room and board, I still needed money for personal items. My family doctor, Dr. Jacobs, was helping me decide where to go to school and I was working at his office for the summer as a medical assistant. He kept hinting that I should go into general medicine and take over his practice.

I had also written an advice column for the school newspaper during my second semester and it had become a big hit especially because I didn't shy away from sexual discussions. I had become an expert at fending off complaints from parents and the more inhibited students. Dr. Jacobs helped by reviewing all the columns for accuracy and gave me hints about how to respond to complaints.

Corey calls me "Susan, Princess of Pleasure," and I call him "Sir Corey, Earl of Courtyard". The Courtyard Inn is where we had sex for the first time. Corey has a huge cock. I can't fit my fingers all the way around and when all the way inside me it fills me up past my belly button. Corey is going to Cal Tech and will graduate next year.

Corey's parents are divorced and his father has a big mansion with a guest house. When the guest house isn't being used for business visitors, which is almost always, Corey and I can use it for sex. We also go there to use the big pool and the hot tub. There is a small hot tub for the guest house and a bigger hot tub next to the pool. We always go nude when we use the pool and hot tub and Corey's father and his live in girlfriend Marianne also go nude.

In the middle of the summer we were sitting in the hot tub and I had a sudden urge, "Corey, I want to go to the beach for a change, a nude beach."

"What, why a nude beach?" he asked.

"I've never been and we always swim naked anyway. I want to walk naked on the beach and swim naked in the ocean."

"Well, I guess we can do that. I don't know exactly where the nude beaches are but I guess we can find out."

"Can we go tomorrow?" I started to get anxious and when I am anticipating something I tend to get 'horny', especially when Corey is nearby. I leaned over and kissed him, took his hand, moved it to my crotch and fondled his cock with my hand feeling it begin to enlarge at my touch. He began stroking my clit and rubbing my vaginal lips.

The summer was over a month old and we had had sex almost every day. "Today won't be any different," I thought as I felt Corey's finger enter my vagina.



Nude Beach

We didn't go the next day, but a week later. The day was overcast and cool. One of those days that you could expect great, sunny weather in the afternoon. We went down a steep path to a rocky beach and then along the beach with cliffs rising on one the side. "This place isn't easy to get to," I commented.

"I don't think they want people stumbling onto it inadvertently, so they pick less accessible beaches," Corey said in reply.

The beach became gravely and then we passed a sign saying "Clothing optional north of this point." I looked and on the back was a sign saying, "Clothing required south of this point."

"I sure hope the beach is a bit more sandy that this," I said as we crossed an area covered with rounded rocks about an inch in diameter.

Corey agreed, "me too."

The beach quickly became sandy. We passed a couple of older men in low beach chairs. The second yelled, "Hey, sexy, this is a nude beach," and made a show of spreading his legs so I could see his partially erect cock and balls.

"Give a girl a chance to find a spot to sit," I yelled back. "If you're looking to see tits and ass maybe you should just go to a nude bar."

"Do you think he's just sitting there to ogle the women?" I asked Corey quietly.

"Possibly," he said, "but I don't know why he isn't farther down the beach where they are." He pointed to a group of over a dozen people, guys and girls, playing volleyball or watching.

I took a quick glance back, "He has some big binoculars," I said.

"Figures," Corey responded. "Do you want to play volleyball? It's pretty nice here."

"I think we could stop near where they are playing and see if they want other players. We might want to see how good they are, I haven't played much. What about you?"

"I played in 'P.E.' in high school and I'm pretty awful," Corey said. "They won't want me if they're good players or if they're competitive."

"Why would they be competitive here?" I asked.

"Some guys, especially 'jocks', are just competitive by nature," Corey said. "Those guys look pretty well built."

"I suppose some guys come to show off their bodies, and some guys come to look," I said. "The girls are pretty well built too."

"I hadn't noticed," Corey said, innocently.

"Yeah, right," I replied. "But good answer."

"I really hadn't," he said.

As we put down our towels and began to undress I asked if he knew how far the nude beach extended.

"I understand it's about a half mile long,," he said. "At the other end is a public beach that runs about two miles along the cliffs until it comes to a river or lagoon outlet. To come in that way you park at the public beach parking, walk over the the outlet on the roadway and then the two miles of beach. I guess there is no safe way down the cliffs."

"Not many people here," I said looking north on the beach. "I don't see anyone up that way."

"Maybe more will come when it warms up," Corey said.

When I was naked, I said, "just a minute." Then I ran down the beach to where the older guy was staring through his binoculars. As I came up, he put them behind him. "I know you have those," I said, pointing. "I just came back to give you the view you wanted." I stopped about ten feet from him, pirouetted and ran back to Corey.

"You are such an exhibitionist," he said as I came back. "You are definitely in the 'came to show-off' category."

"You too," I said pointing to his slightly expanded cock.

"Well maybe you want to show me off," he said, "but I'm here to be with you. That puts me in the 'came to look' category, even if I have better views back at the guest house."

"Let's check out the volleyball," I said, grabbing his hand.



Nude Volleyball

The players looked to be college students. There seemed to be three teams, two playing and one watching. They were decent but not really good players. The game seemed to be a chance to show off and look at bodies. The girls, especially would make plays designed to spread legs and display sexual parts. The guys strutted around to show theirs off and preferred to land on their back when they dove for the ball. I thought they were doing it to show off their parts more that to keep them from being injured in the sand.

I could see most of the guys checking me out as we came up. Both the guys and the girls were obviously looking at Corey's cock. His body is more on the pudgy side.

As we stood and watched, one of the guys yelled, "Do you want to play?"

"Sure, but I'm not too good," I said.

"And I'm particularly awful," Corey added.

"Ringers, huh?" one of the girls said.

"No, just honest," Corey replied.

"The sexy doll can play with us," the guy said. "You can have 'honest penis boy'," he said to the other team on the court.

We joined in the rotation and quickly proved that we were not 'ringers'. I got into the hang of showing off. Corey didn't have the athletic skills to get to the ball and didn't even get the ball over the net when he served.

My team won and Corey's team went to the sideline as we played the third team. I got better and managed to make some good plays.

My team went to the sidelines after losing and a couple of the guys asked me about where I went to school. I told them I was in community college and that Corey was going to Cal Tech.

"Oh, a brain," One of them said, "The 'beauty and the geek'."

"I get all 'A's" too," I said, "and expect to go into pre-med."

"Can you be my doctor," one of the guys flirted.

"If you have a vagina, which I doubt," I answered. "I plan to be an OB/Gyn."

That answer got a laugh and cut off some of the flirting.

One of the girls asked me, "Do you go with him because of that cock? He's not too much to look at otherwise."

"No," I answered her, "I go with him because I love him and he loves me and cares for me, not that the sex isn't great. But, you know, it's not so much his penis as the way he treats me and makes sure I am satisfied. I don't think we have ever had sex without me having an orgasm, sometimes two."

"Because of the cock?" she asked.

"I don't think so," I replied. "He frequently brings me to orgasm during foreplay."

"Don't you have trouble getting it in?" another girl asked.

"Doesn't it hurt?" a third said.

"No, to both of you," I answered, "it goes in quite easily, as long as I am ready for it, and it goes all the way in, I can feel it pushing against my navel."

"Sure!" one of them said, "you're just putting us on."

"Believe what you want," I said.

Then I started asking them about their school and majors. All were from the local state college and three were education majors. The other was a health science major studying to be a dietitian. One of them had a boyfriend playing with us, another had no current boyfriend and said that the other two would "fuck anyone who asked them."

They objected, one saying, "only if he's cute."

I asked if they expected to fuck any the guys here. The one who insisted on 'cute' guys said she already had three offers and was going to accept one. The other said she had already accepted an offer.

"Do you fuck here on the beach?" I asked.

"Oh, sure!" they said. "We usually hang around until after dark and do it then."

"If we're lucky, there will be an orgy and we can share guys," the one looking for 'cute' guys said. "You can stay and participate if you want."

"I think we'll leave before dark," I said. "I only want Corey anyway."

Corey's team lost again and we went in to play. I noticed Corey talking to a couple of the girls on his team on the sideline. They were checking out his cock and touching it! I could see the boys looking at him jealously.

We won and then lost to Corey's team. As I left the 'court' I told everyone that I had enough volleyball and was going to sunbathe and swim for a while. I thanked them all for letting me play. Corey excused himself as well and we went over to our towels. 



We Relax

"I'm hot from the exercise," I said. "Let's get in the water."

We ran to the surf and spent time just bobbing in the waves making some poor attempts at body surfing.

"The sand is hard on my penis," Corey told me. "When I body surf, I keep scrapping it on the bottom. I was afraid to dive for balls on the volleyball 'court' for fear of what might happen to my privates. I'm not convinced guys are physically built for nude beaches."

I giggled, "I can believe that," I said. "I have to watch out for my tits."

"I suspect my penis and testicles are more vulnerable and sensitive," he said.

"Can't compare," I replied, "I've no experience with a cock and balls, just as you have no experience with tits and twats. My vagina collects sand like mad."

"So, do you want to leave?" he asked.

"Yes, in a bit, let's see how the sunbathing goes."

As we came out I noticed that the volleyball games had broken up and the players were horsing around. Guys were carrying girls into the water and throwing them in. They usually carried them so as to have a good feel of their privates and breasts. In the water they were splashing and diving and probably getting more.

The girls were showing off and sometimes would grab a cock or a couple of balls. That reminded me, "You were getting pretty familiar with a couple of those girls," I said.

"What?" Corey responded.

"Don't 'what' me," I said. "They were feeling your cock. I saw them."

"Oh," Corey said. They asked me if they could feel it and I wasn't sure what to say, so I agreed. The etiquette of this place has me confused, I thought it might not be appropriate to refuse their request."

"I think you can always say 'no' even at a nude beach," I informed him in no uncertain terms. "I wouldn't have let one of the guys finger me and they were coming on to me."

"It looked like you spent your time talking to the girls," Corey said.

"After I shut the guys down," I informed him. "Your 'beast' is mine alone! No other women allowed!"

"I'm sorry," he said and tried to kiss me.

I resisted a bit and then gave in. "Okay, apology accepted, don't let it happen again."

"I can always say, 'no'," he said. "I'll remember, and it won't happen again."



Taunt and Rejoinder

Not too much later a group of three girls and a guy came over to us. One of the girls was the girl with the boyfriend. She stood in front of Corey and said, "Your girlfriend here," she pointed at me, "says you always give her an orgasm. My boyfriend here needs to know how to do that."

I think she was teasing Corey and trying to embarrass me. She didn't believe that I almost always had an orgasm. Her boyfriend was vacillating between being embarrassed and wanting to be part of the joke. Corey took them seriously and started to explain how he gave me such pleasure. "It's important to know the entire girl, what she likes and dislikes," he told the guy. He leaned over and kissed one of my nipples, "Sorry, I was distracted," he said but everyone knew he intended it as an example. I really wanted that kiss and hoped for another. My nipples hardened and I noticed one of the other girl's nipples harden too.

He gestured to her and said, "Susan likes to have her nipples kissed and I can see you would like yours kissed too. Unfortunately for you, my lips are for Susie only," he kissed my other nipple. I moved behind him, put my arms around him and started rubbing his back with my tits.

"I can tell that Susie is pleased with me right now because she is rubbing her tits on my back" he said. "Isn't that right, princess?"

He turned his head around and kissed me. I said, "You know it, my prince," and continued applying my tits to his back.

He told them how foreplay is important. "Girls are different," he said.

"How would he know?" I thought, "He's only had sex with me."

He continued, "the guy needs to understand what she wants first and what she wants later. Most women like it slow and want you to start with less sexual touching and kissing. Start kissing the lips and neck and ears. Fondle her back and arms and legs. Don't move to the breasts and nipples until she is ready for more intimate touching. And save her most intimate parts for when she is really aroused.

"Here's a good technique for when she is partially aroused." He turned and demonstrated on me, "stroke her inner thigh just up to her privates but don't touch her privates or maybe brush them very gently." I arched my back to show them I loved what he was doing to me.

"You need to be aware of her arousal." He had turned with his back to me and I pushed my tits and body against him, reached around and began stroking his penis, feeling it harden to my touch. "You can tell Susan is aroused by what she's doing to me."

I could tell the other girls were aroused too. Both were pushing at their twats and one was also rubbing her breasts. Corey had also noticed. "These two girls look, 'ready to go'. And don't forget, women can tell you what they are feeling. Isn't that right, Susie?"

"You're doing great, and I'm ready for you to attend to my privates any time," I said.

"What about you girls?" he asked the others.

"Huh?" said one, she was distracted by her masturbation.

"Oh, yes," said the other. "I'm ready too. You can have me any time."

I glared at her but she was watching Corey, not me.

He continued, "when you do move to her privates, pay special attention to her clitoris and G-spot. Do you know where they are?"

"Of course!" said the guy. I could tell he had no clue.

"My clit is here at the front of my cunt," the girl said, rubbing at it. "And if you know where it is, Cliff, why don't you ever do anything with it?"

Corey, continued, "Cliff, it's good to rub the girls clit when you first, start to touch her privates, but licking at it seems to excite them the most."

"Your G-spot is on the front inside of your vagina," Corey told the girl. "Can I put my finger in and show you?" He turned to me to see if I would object.

I nodded, and the girls said "Okay, sure," with a note of excitement. Cliff looked a little jealous.

Corey put his finger inside her. "It's right here, kind of a rough area on the front. If you touch it right, she will have some kind of reaction."

I saw the corners of her mouth move suddenly up in a sort of smile. "There, did you see that, Cliff, she smiles a bit when you touch it right. You try."

Corey removed his finger and offered it to me to lick clean. It tasted salty and slightly sweet.

Cliff inserted his finger. "Not too far in," Corey said. "Feel the rougher area and stroke it gently in different spots watching for her smile."

"He said gently, Cliff," the girl said, "you're pushing too hard."

"Tell him when he's doing it the way that gives you the most pleasure," Corey told her, somewhat sternly. "You need to work with him if you want him to give you the most pleasure. And, Cliff, with Susan, there is nothing that gives me as much pleasure as having her writhing in orgasm. You can't believe what it does to my penis."

"Oh, that's good," the girl told Cliff. The edges of her mouth were twitching repeatedly.

"Yeah, look at that," Cliff laughed. "I can make your mouth twitch."

"Don't forget how to do that," the girl told him as he pulled his finger out.

"Can you do it to me?" one of the other girls asked Corey.

"No, have Cliff show your boyfriend," Corey said. "Cliff, every girl is different so you have to watch for the response, It's usually in the face but could be in the fingers or anywhere. The reaction can be very subtle. You need to know signs and watch for them to know what to do. My princess Susan's eyes water just slightly. She's special and sensitive so that makes it easy for me. Kind of like the princess and the pea, right beautiful princess." he kissed me as he finished.



Demonstration and Departure

I notice the other girls. One of them had her finger up her twat and a look of a coming orgasm. The other was clearly ready. Corey turned and sat on his beach towel. The group turned to leave. "Lie back," I told him. "Hey, I want to show you something I yelled." The group turned. I was standing over Corey with his immense erection pointing at the sky.

I squatted and positioned his penis at the entrance to my vagina. I pushed down and it slipped inside. I closed my eyes, reveling in the feeling as it filled me. Once it was all the way in I bent back and pulled up so they could clearly see it was inside me, not some optical trick, like me just sitting on it. Then I sat up and pushed it all the way in again.
