 Changes

I had just turned twenty and anticipation of change filled my thoughts. I was finishing my second year of community college and next spring I would be starting pre-med courses at USC. I would be spending one more semester at community college to complete courses which would allow me to start as an upper division student at USC. I had not anticipated entering medical school in high school and so I had to take make-up classes my first semesters at community college.

I worked a couple of afternoons a week as a medical assistant for Dr. Jacobs, my family doctor. He had helped me decide on USC. I would work full time for him over the summer. Dr. Jacobs kept hinting that I should become his partner and take over his practice when I got my MD. But I had other plans.

My best friend since middle school, Kaitlyn, was also finishing her second year as a business major at community college but wasn't planning on continuing. She had a job as a receptionist with her father's PR firm that she hoped would allow her to some day take over the firm. She was still kind of seeing Elliot but now had a group of what she called her "fuck buddies". There were three women and four guys, including Kaitlyn and Elliot. She had enjoyed hosting a swingers party with our friend Judy but a herpes scare among the group had convinced her that a small group was better. Every one of the members had tested clean and they promised not to have sex outside of the group. I guess they had sex with one another whenever two of them felt like it and agreed. I was surprised that it seemed to be working and all the members of the group also went out with others not in the group.

The biggest change was that my fiance, Corey, Kaitlyn's brother, would be graduating, with honors, from CalTech. He had accepted an internship at a company in Chicago and also would be attending the University of Chicago for a semester. This would be a long time to be without him. We had been together for two years and had been having sex weekly and almost every day during the summer.

I finished the final, farewell column of my popular advice column, "Susie, Says," for the community college newspaper and thought about Corey leaving. I wanted the last night before he left to be extra special. It wasn't easy deciding what to do.

Farewell Plans

I debated going to a hotel or maybe doing something unusual like an outdoor sex session. But I always came back to one choice. Most of the time we had sex in the guest house of his father's mansion. We had also been to some hotels but the guest house was always our favorite. Not only did it have a hot tub and pool that we had almost to ourselves, there was a kitchen and a place where we could eat. We frequently spent whole weekends naked and enjoying the sight and touch of our bodies. There was just something about the place. I would really miss going there while Corey was gone.

But if we spent his last night in the guest house, how could I make it special? I hoped that just spending the time in the place we would both be away from could be special enough and maybe I could think of something I could do to add to his pleasure.

For Kaitlyn's twentieth birthday her father had held a pool party. Kaitlyn had decided to have it be clothing optional and afterwards had convinced her father to allow her "fuck buddies" to use the guest house afterwards. She wanted me to have another clothing optional pool party for Corey's going away. "The pool party will get Corey really ready for the guest house," she said. I knew she was also thinking of getting her father to agree to let her have one of her fuck buddies in the other guest house bedroom. I declined but told her she could set up any sort of family event she wanted.

Well, she set up a pool party for the day before Corey was leaving. That was the same day I wanted to do something special. Because some of Corey's more inhibited family members and friends were attending, her father insisted that bathing suits be worn. Not only that but he offered the guest house and mansion bedrooms to some family members who would be coming from out of town. That meant that Corey and I wouldn't have the guest house. It also meant that Corey would likely be expected to hang around the mansion until late saying good-byes.

I didn't want a hotel but realized that some of our best sex occurred in new and different locations. One place came to mind, my bedroom. My parents would almost certainly object, much as they liked Corey, and even though they knew we had sex at least once a week and even more in the summer. "I bet sneaking Corey into the house would be a turn on," I thought. My parents would be at Corey's party and maybe I could convince them to spend the night at a hotel. Then Corey and I could just go in. "Except for Cathy," I thought. Cathy was my 16 year old sister.

Since there was no way to do it without Corey's cooperation I told him about my idea. "I guess spending the night in your bedroom would be okay," he said. "but I'm not going to sneak around. You need to get your parents' to agree." Then he added, "Don't you have a twin bed? Won't it be a little crowded?"

"Sounds good to me," I smiled back at him thinking that if I got my parents out of the house we could use their bed.

The idea just stuck in my mind and I started dropping hints about my parents staying at a hotel. I also started fixing up my bed room with new sheets, bedspread, curtains all picked to, I thought, make the room seem more romantic for Corey. Of course my mother noticed. "My, you have this place really decorated," she commented one evening. "A bit unusual for you, and the decor is not your usual choice either."

My Bedroom

I sensed that she was waiting for an explanation. I debated saying that my tastes had changed and I felt a bit more feminine but before I could stammer out the fib my conscience forced the truth to the front of my mind. It also reminded me of how my relationship with my mom had really improved over the last year or so. I had been able to comfortably talk to her about anything, including Corey and sex. She even responded by talking about sex with my Dad. I risked the truth, "Mommy, I want to have Corey spend the night before he leaves here. Because of his family we won't be able to use the guest house and I don't want to get a hotel room."

She didn't say, "No," but began to raise objections, "You only have a twin bed. What about Cathy? Won't Corey be inhibited with us here? You know we don't approve of you and Corey having sex. What about Cathy, what does it say to her? ... " 

I chose not to respond to the individual objections and questions. I saw them all as irrelevant or easily solvable. "So should I just get a hotel room? We will have sex you know."

"But what about Cathy?" she said. By asking this question she seemed to be agreeing to Corey and I using my bedroom. It was almost as if this was her only valid objection. Ever since I had become sexually active she had worried about the effect on Cathy.

"She knows Corey and I have sex," I said. "It's not a secret."

"But right here in the house. And you aren't the quietest lovers either."

"You should talk," I commented. Cathy and I frequently heard my father and her having sex and she really let loose when she had an orgasm.

That was probably not a good thing to say. "But we're married," she mumbled coldly and continued into her room.

But there were things to consider. I did have just a twin bed. It seemed nice and cozy for Corey and me to be snuggled up in the small space. But, ... Corey was a big guy. And, he had expressed a concern. And, though it might be cozy, after an hour or more it might get cramped and make it difficult to sleep. For that matter, it was nice to have a lot of room for wild and uninhibited activity. In such a small space options for positions would be limited and it would be difficult to move from one to another.

She had asked whether Corey would be inhibited but the fact was, I thought, I may be inhibited with Mommy and Daddy and Cathy just across the hall possibly listening for evidence of our our activity.

And, ... What about Cathy? Mommy may have been worried about her but I worried too. I think I worried more than Mommy. Cathy seemed to be eager for sexual experiences and frequently asked about sex. She had once expressed a desire to get laid just to lose her virginity, not caring what boy she did it with. I felt guilty, with Cathy on my conscience.

I went to my mother's bedroom. The door was closed and I tapped. "Yes,..." she said.

"Can I talk to you Mommy? About having Corey here?"

"Of course dear," she responded, "Come in."

She was changing out of her work clothes into shorts and a casual blouse. "What is it?"

"I'm sorry for my comment about 'you shouldn't talk,'," I started. "That wasn't appropriate. You're right about me only having a twin bed too. And about being inhibited. And I'm concerned about Cathy too."

"So you agree that it wouldn't be appropriate to have Corey here." she stated quite matter of factly.

"No, Mommy, I still want him to come here. I just agree there are some issues to resolve."

"So, you see a resolution?"

I gulped, blatantly stating what I had been thinking about and hinting about seemed another risk. "Well, If you and Daddy stayed in a hotel than Corey and I could use your bed and wouldn't be inhibited and Cathy could stay with you or stay overnight with one of her friends. It seems she's always wanting to do that anyway."

"I see," she said and paused. "I think I understand why you have been suggesting we stay at a hotel after Corey's going away party."

"Yes," I said, "I guess I should have just come out and told you."

"No harm," she replied. "But I don't think we will be getting a hotel and I don't think it's a good idea to have Corey here."

"Can't we consider how to make it work?" I asked. "I really want his last night to be special and I think this could do it."

"You've stayed in hotels before. Why not do that?"

I wondered whether there was some way to get her to realize that she was admitting that we were going to have sex and maybe even encouraging it. "I want something special, something different."

"I would think a nice hotel would be different. You seem to spend most of your time in that guest house."

"But hotels are just hotels. They're all alike inside. I want something really different."

"Your room is just a room."

"But it's my room . And we've never spent a night there. I've never had sex in my room. It's special because it's my room. It has, ..., uhh, it has some kind of special emotional value to be doing it in my room. It's, like, my room is where I grew into a woman. It's almost like losing my virginity. My room, losing its virginity. Giving its virginity, part of my virginity, to Corey. Don't you see?"

She paused a bit in thought and completed dressing. "Yes I certainly see. And when you put it in those terms it makes me perhaps more reluctant to agree. I'm not sure I want your room to 'lose its virginity'."

"Mommy, think how special it will be to Corey."

"From the sound of it, more special to you. I doubt Corey will understand that he is being given some kind of special gift of your room's virginity."

I paused. She was probably right. Being the first, maybe only man to have sex in my room would probably not be something he would consider significant. "But he would feel special that I am having him over in my room," I claimed. "And it would be different."

"Maybe you should look for something different in the way of a hotel," she stated. "The weather is good now, maybe a night under the stars. That should be romantic for you."

"Where can we be sure to be able to have sex outside without possibly being discovered?"

"Maybe you should consider that a nice night together without any sex is the best way to go."

"Mommy, you can't be serious."

"Yes, dear, I can 'be serious'. You don't need to have sex to be close."

"I know, but this is Corey's last night! It will be months before I see him again!"

"Perhaps you should leave him with the knowledge of how nice it is to have you close rather than with a memory of sex."

"Oh, Mommy!" I couldn't tell if she was pretending or was actually that dense.

Surprisingly that evening Mommy mentioned to Daddy that I wanted to have Corey sleep over the night before he left. Even more surprisingly he seemed to think it might be okay.

Mommy said she didn't think it was a good idea and mentioned the issue of my twin bed. She didn't say anything about Cathy.

"I just want something special, and something different," I said, adding, "we'll have sex somewhere anyway."

Mommy repeated the idea of an outdoor night and I responded with my objection of not knowing anyplace we could really have sex outdoors, adding, "Corey's not much of an outdoor type."

Mommy countered by saying, "He might enjoy a night under the stars with you. Doesn't it sound romantic."

Daddy made a suggestion that stopped the discussion and made me think, "Why not just sleep outdoors at Corey's -- or in our backyard?"

My mind examined the possibilities and I agreed, "Sure, what about the back yard? Wouldn't that be okay?"

Mommy was caught by surprise and reluctantly agreed.

Farewell Sex

After Corey's going away party most of the guests left but Corey and I stayed behind and talked with those relatives who were staying in the guest house. I had counted on that and it was well after midnight when we left.

I felt the thrill of anticipation as he drove us to my house and I felt a strong tickle in my clit. I tightened my crotch muscles, imagining Corey's huge cock entering my "cave".

At my home everyone was asleep and I whispered, "Quiet, we don't want to wake anyone." And added, "we can undress in my bedroom."

I took Corey upstairs and turned on the pink night light I had plugged in. The room was bathed in a soft, pinkish glow as I closed the door behind us. Then I lighted the dozen caramel/apple/cinnamon scented candles I had placed in the room this morning. I slipped off my sandals. "Undress me," I said softly to Corey after giving him a soft and impassioned kiss.

"Slowly," I added as I raised my arms so he could pull off my blouse. Ny nipples hardened as he pulled it over my head and I brushed my hand over his crotch as I brought them down and slowly turned for him to unhook my bra. His penis was still limp under his shorts. I wondered why he didn't feel the strong sense of anticipation. I don't think I had ever been as ready for him. At least not while I was still dressed.

I let my bra fall and grabbed his hands pulling them to cup my breasts. I pushed back into his body and threw my head back into him. I felt his penis stirring against the small of my back as he massaged my breasts and lowered his head to kiss my neck.

I pushed his hands down to my waist band, forcing them underneath. He caressed my abdomen as I undulated against his body, doing my best to make contact with his enlarging beast. I pushed his hands further down, wanting him to remove my shorts and panties. Instead he pushed down and began fingering my clit. That was fine with me. I arched my back and pushed back against his fingers, rotating my hips.

But I wanted to be naked, "take them off," I whispered. "Pull them down." He did as I asked and I moved away, turning to display my body to him in the soft flickering light.

I went over and began unbuttoning his shirt. He reached behind me to massaged my butt and caress my back.

His shirt fell to the floor and he had to take his hands away from me so I could pull his undershirt over his head. As his head emerged from the shirt and his arms were still entangled, I kissed him, swirling my tongue around the inside of his mouth. As his hands came free, he grabbed me tightly against his body, increasing the pressure of the kiss and his tongue explored my mouth. Without releasing the kiss, I unhooked and unzipped his fly.

I reached in and began stroking the tip of his cock, continuing the kiss. I felt the slight dampness of 'pre-cum', on my finger. That made me aware of the cool dampness slowly moving down my leg from my cunt.

I broke off the kiss, licked the salty pre-cum from my finger and pulled his shorts and briefs to his ankles together.

Leaving him to get his legs free I jumped on my bed. "Take me," I said to him, my legs and arms spread wide. "Take me, here in the bed of my girlhood."

In his excitement he was struggling with the clothing at his ankles. "What?" he said.

"Take me," I repeated, "here. Here in this bed where I slept as a girl, as a virgin maiden. I want you to fuck me here. I want to be a 'woman' in this bed."

"I thought we were going to sleep outside," he said, his feet finally free. His huge cock stiff and erect before him.

"We are," I replied, but first we are going to have sex in this bed. Like I said, in this bed, the bed of my girlhood."

I don't think he got it. Well, he got the part about "take me."

"Your girlhood?" he said as he moved to begin licking at my genitals.

"Corey, I just want your beast in my cave," I told him. "It's ready now."

As he moved his body on top of me, his legs between mine and his beast nuzzling the fleshy 'curtains' at the entrance to my 'cave' I attempted a brief explanation. "I've slept in this bed since I was six or seven, except for a new mattress a couple of years ago. I've never had sex here. It's like a 'virgin' bed. I don't want it to be a virgin any longer. When I sleep here while you are gone I want to remember what we do tonight. I want this bed, this room, to be a part of the memory, to be a reminder of us, of you." The beast slowly and easily entered me as I spoke. It filled my abdomen and sent a thrill through my body. I arched my back realizing I would be 'cumming' especially quickly tonight.

He pulled out and pushed smoothly in. A chill shot through my body and I yelped loudly, "Oh!"

As he pulled out again I remembered where we were, "Corey, stop." Only the tip of his cock was inside, its breadth pushed against my clit and I could feel it was about to slide over my G-spot.

"What, Princess?"

I first thought I would ask to be on top so I could control the motion and perhaps keep from cumming. But the sensation spreading through my body made it clear I was going to cum quickly no matter what. Instead I took a moment to ready myself and prepare for the sensation I knew was coming. I was determined not to wake the house. "Take it easy, Corey."

He pushed in slowly, the tip slid across my G-spot sending a tingle of pleasure through my body. The huge shaft rubbed against my clit and then my G-spot for its entire length. it pushed my cervix into my abdomen. The tingle turned into a wave of delight. I sucked in my breath and tightened all my muscles to hold back the orgasm. I was successful.

Corey moved his hips and the beast slid out, past my G-spot and rubbed my clit. The pressure in my abdomen eased. I gasped, sucking in a huge breath, not sure what his next thrust would bring.

As soon as the huge tip touched my G-spot I knew I would be unable to hold back. I tightened my muscles and kept my mouth tightly closed to prevent any noise from emerging. As my cervix pushed up inside me I was unable to hold back a loud squeak, "EEEEE!"

I held the orgasm back as the beast withdrew and steeled myself for its next movement. "AAAAH!" I screamed as Corey thrust in slowly and my vagina tightened involuntarily around the beast. I grabbed Corey, wrapping my arms and legs around him as tightly as I could. "Just do me," I gasped out hoping he would know I meant not to hold back.
