  Thanks, Mommy

My boyfriend, Corey, and I spent my 19th birthday at a hotel arranged by my mother. We went out to dinner and he presented me with an engagement ring. Corey and I were "betrothed." At his suggestion our parents had made a formal, but not legally enforceable, agreement that we would be married. Now I had a ring to show our commitment!

Corey took me to school the morning after my birthday -- I was a freshman at the local community college. I had trouble paying attention in class and spent all of lunch gushing over my ring to my best friend and Corey's sister, Kaitlyn and then any other friends and acquaintances who dropped by to see what the fuss was about.

Corey picked me up, as he usually does after my last class on Friday. On Fridays we always went to my house for some study time.

"Cathy! Cathy!" I yelled as I came in. Cathy is my younger sister.

"What is it?" she yelled down the stairs in an annoyed tone. She came to the top of the stairs, "Where were you last night? Mom seemed all excited but dad was a bit down." She descended the stairs and saw Corey, "Hi Corey. Were you guys having sex again?" Cathy was obsessed over my sexual activity.

"Look Cathy!" I exclaimed, holding out my hand and ring finger. "Look what Corey gave me!"

"Wow!" she said. "Does this mean you are really engaged now, not just this 'betrothed' thing you keep claiming isn't an engagement?"

I wasn't sure about that and gave Corey a glance intended to let him know I wanted him to field this one.

He looked back. I think he was worried that his answer might not be what I wanted.

I took him off the hook, "No, It just means that we are committed to one another."

Corey sensed the disappointment in my answer and stepped in, "It means we intend to marry each other," he said. "I guess that's an engagement. But you're right it's not much different from being 'betrothed' so things aren't that different. It's just that now Susie has a sign of my affection and commitment."

I gave him a big smootch.

"Must have set you back a pretty penny," Cathy said. Ever the drama queen, she put on a good old boy, buddy voice and winked at him, "I bet this got you a pretty good night last night, Ehh?"

"Cathy!" I exclaimed, "You're incorrigible."

"I'm what?"

"A pain in the ass!" I responded.

"But insightful," Corey added, winking back at her.

"Corey!" I huffed at him, "Don't encourage her!"

The two of them laughed lightly at my outrage. Corey quickly grabbed me, gave me a big kiss while stroking my back and butt. "She's just having a bit of fun and we did enjoy ourselves last night didn't we?" he whispered in my ear.

"Not because of the ring!" I said back to him.

"No, it was because we always enjoy ourselves and it was your birthday," he said. "But the ring did seem to add an extra something to your reposes. I noticed even if you didn't."

Cathy was watching and listening with interest. "Always about sex with you two," she said in a voice suspiciously like my mother's. She retreated back upstairs.

I was upset but Corey was amused. "He doesn't have to put up with her comments every night," I rationalized to myself. But, I realized, my feelings came mostly from a concern that my sexual activity would affect Cathy adversely, causing her to engage in improper sexual activities. "If she isn't already sexually involved," I thought.

Her "mother" voice also reminded me that I needed to thank Mommy for helping Corey out with the ring and packing, and that nightgown. When she came home I showed her the ring. "Corey said you gave him the ring size," I told her. "And that you packed my bag, and you must have given me that," I searched, unsuccessfully, for an adjective, "that ... very nice nightgown."

Corey added, "She got the room for us too, Susie, and paid for it."

I stared at her. My eyes must have been the size of saucers. "Mommy! you didn't! I thought you didn't approve of us having sex."

"Well," she said and paused. "Sweetie, can we maybe discuss this in private, maybe after Corey leaves this evening."

I was impatient. "No, I really want to know and I want to thank you. Corey can hear it. Can't he?"

"Well he could but I would rather this be just between you and me."

"Corey won't mind if we go up to my bedroom for a bit, will you Corey?"

"No, of course not," he answered.

We went up and sat on my bed. "So what's going on here?" I began.

"Please don't discuss this with your father," she started. "He was a bit upset with the idea that you were spending your birthday night with Corey."

I was a little surprised. When I first started having sex with Corey and told my parents my father had been most supportive. But over time my mother had become the supportive parent.

"Well," she continued. "Corey came to me and told me that he was going to get you a ring for your birthday and asked for your ring size. I was happy to do that for him and asked how he planned to give it to you. he said he thought he would just wrap it and give it to you at whatever birthday celebration we decided on.

"I just didn't think that was special enough and told him so. He asked for my suggestions. Well, I spent a couple of days thinking about it and decided that a good dinner and a pleasant night together, just the two of you were more appropriate. I didn't even give him a chance to do the work himself. I just made reservations and told him about it. I would have canceled the reservations if he objected. I just wanted the best for my little girl, ... well ... not so little anymore ... my rapidly maturing daughter."

"But, Mommy, you've changed your mind about our sexual activity? You approve now?" I asked.

"I don't know. I can see how happy you are. And when you come home after your nights with Corey you almost glow. And, ... and, ... well, ... Saturday nights when you aren't here I think of where you are and what you and Corey are doing." She paused in thought. "Well, ... to be honest ... I can't help but think of that huge penis going in and out. I think of how you always talk about having orgasms and, ... . Well, I have a pretty substantial penis available to me."

I knew she was talking about Daddy.

"Well, Saturday nights aren't just nights of passion for you." she continued. Then she gave a light laugh. "I'm getting really wet right now just talking to you about it." To my surprise she lifted her skirt and spread her legs to show a spreading damp spot on her underwear.

"In any case I'm not going to deprive you of your pleasure," she said. "I'm going to do what I can to make you as happy as possible. I see how Corey is when you are here together on Fridays, I hear what you say about him, I hear how he talks about you. There is no doubt in my mind that he is right for you and I think you are right for him. I'll do anything to keep you two together."

I gave her a big hug. "Thank you, Mommy! Thank you for helping Corey give me a special night, thank you for your support, and thank you for being my mom."

Pool and Pizza

Saturday afternoon I had a real birthday party. Kaitlyn had arranged to have it at their father's mansion by the pool. I invited several girls I knew, a few guys and some of my family. Corey' s mom and dad and Marianne, his father's live-in girlfriend, were also there. I was surprised that Marianne was wearing a pretty standard bikini. Most of her swim suits have less cloth in them than a small handkerchief. We had plenty of pizza and a big sheet cake, yellow with almond flavored frosting, decorated with flowers and the obligatory "Happy Birthday, Susan" message.

Kaitlyn wanted to surprise me with her "new" boyfriend. He turned out to be Elliot, one of Corey's old friends from high school. I recalled he was an electrical engineering student at UCLA and one of Corey's shyest friends. He had been one of the guys we had invited for skinny dipping parties last summer and I remembered he had an unusual cock with a red bulbous tip and a narrow shaft when it was erect.

When she came in with him Kaitlyn came right up to me and asked, "do you approve of my choice?"

"Sure, I said, "Elliot's a real nice guy. Why did you ask him?"

"Do you mean why did I ask him to the party or why did I ask him out when I was getting over Johnny?"

"Well, .. the second mostly, but really both."

"I asked him out because I started thinking about Corey's friends when you got upset that I called them 'geeks'. I picked him because I remembered that he was always nice to me in high school and I remembered that he had asked me out maybe twice. Both times he seemed to really struggle just to get the words out and then both times I rejected him. I decided to give him another chance and so far I'm glad I did." She hesitated, "And, ..."

"And?" I said, "And ..."

"Well, I'm kind of embarrassed to say," she hesitated again.

"Out with it," I said. "You can't leave me hanging. And ...?"

"Well," she said quietly looking around to be sure no one could overhear, "I can't help but wonder what that lollipop of a cock feels like inside."

I had to laugh and whispered to her, "I wondered the same thing when I first saw it. So what does it feel like?"

"I don't know, we haven't had sex yet. I am hoping to find out tonight."

"So you brought him today just for the sex tonight?" I said with a light laugh. Kaitlyn and I and Judy and April, were going to stay after the party for some skinny dipping and then for the night. Corey, Elliot, Judy's fiance, Preston, and April's boyfriend, Chris were also staying.

"Well, not just for that. Mostly because I really like him and I'm not seeing anyone else.

My mom, dad and 15 year old sister Cathy were the last to leave. Cathy objected, "why can't I stay for the sleep over."

"It's not for you," I said, looking at Corey and then glancing at the guys who were still there.

"Ohhh!" Cathy said, not missing a thing. "It's about sex again, isn't it. You're going to have sex with the guys. Do Mommy and Daddy know?"

"Mommy and Daddy" were standing right there. "Yes we do," Mommy told her. "You aren't staying tonight."

"Susie gets all the good parties," she said.

"I seem to remember talking about a pretty big 'sweet sixteen' party less than a year from now," Daddy told her.

"Well that'll be at our house with no a pool, and ..," she stopped with a look that implied she almost said something she shouldn't.

"And chaperones, so no sex?" Mommy said, picking up on her expression.

Cathy just gulped and looked down.

"I suspect we'll have a better spread than pizza and cake," Daddy told her, "with dancing, and boys will be present."

"Better than my sweet sixteen party," I told her.

"You didn't have a sweet sixteen party," she said.

"Exactly!" I concluded.

Anyway, Cathy left using her best "the little sister never gets what big sister has" look and walk.

Skinny Dipping

Once they had left Corey, Kaitlyn and I removed our bathing suits, "Skinny dipping," I announced.

Judy and April gaped at the beast. April said, "Corey's father is still out there with his girlfriend."

"They won't mind," Corey said and went out. Corey returned with his father and Marianne. They were both naked.

"We encourage nudity here," Corey's father said to everyone. I'm not sure Judy and April or their boyfriends were listening. Corey's father was naked and his cock is as big around as Corey's and almost as long. Preston and Chris were staring at Marianne, also naked, showing her huge silicone boobs and shaved pussy. Kaitlyn and Corey started out to the pool.

Elliot held back. "Susie," he whispered.

"I'll be right out," I called to Corey and then asked Elliot, "What is it?"

"Can I talk to you?"

"Sure, what do you want?"

"I didn't expect to have sex with Kaitlyn," he told me. "It seems that everything is set up for us to have sex tonight.

"Elliot, that's true," I told him. "Will this be your first time to have sex?"

"No," he told me "I've had sex with Sally several times." Sally was a skinny girl who hung out with some of Corey's friends and was now attending Stanford.

"So what's the problem?"

"Well, I didn't expect it."

"Don't you want to have sex with Kaitlyn?"

"Well, ... yes, ... maybe, ... I guess."

"Why the uncertainty?"

"Well, she's kind of special."

"What about Sally?"

"Sally would have sex with anyone who had a penis," he said. "She asked me out. Everyone knew that going out with Sally meant sex as part of the date. That's the only reason she ever went out with anyone. Kaitlyn's different."

"So Kaitlyn is the first time you've had sex with a woman you really like." I said.

"Yes," he responded. "I'm not sure what to do. What if I mess up?"

"It's much better with someone you like and who likes you, believe me. I've had it both ways. Kaitlyn is special and I know she likes you and that's why she wants to have sex with you. She told me she's been looking forward to it almost since she asked you out the first time."

"I wonder if she'll really still want to when she sees .. this." he pointed to his penis. Elliot had taken off his clothes. His cock was only partially erect and still looked pretty normal.

"I've told you to be proud of your penis. And, Elliot, you have the most amazing cock. You know I sometimes think I would like it in me. Besides, Kaitlyn's been skinny dipping with us. She's seen your erect penis. I think she likes it."

"You're making that up, ... but thanks. The guys in school would always tease me about it after I once had an erection in the shower."

"Well, they're guys. As a girl I can tell you that your cock is a turn-on. Any woman would want to try it."

"You're sure?"

"Don't worry, you'll be fine."

The two of us went out to the pool leaving the others to their own devices.

Judy and Preston came out soon after. Preston was six feet tall with a great body and "six pack" abs but his circumcised, flaccid cock was only an inch long even though he had a nice set of testicles. "April's having a bit of trouble getting Chris to remove his trunks," Judy whispered to me.

I went back in. April was naked and seemed angry with Chris. "Chris, you can keep your trunks on if you want," I told him. "We're not in the habit of forcing anyone to do something they don't want."

April looked over at me. "He's just being a baby," she said. "Come on, Chris, there's nothing to be ashamed of. You have a great 'package'. Everyone else is naked."

"April, we just want you both to come out. Let Chris stay in his trunks. Chris, whenever you want. You can remove them, or stay in them all night." I grabbed each of their hands and led them out to the patio. Everyone else was in the pool.

Around seven, Corey's father came out with a bunch of cheeseburgers and fries he had picked up. As we got out I noticed Chris had shed his trunks sometime earlier. April was right about his "package". His cock looked about normal length and maybe twice the normal width and he had a nice sized set of balls too.

After dinner we all sat in the hot tub. Instead of couples getting together, we women sat on one side and discussed old times and guys. The guys sat on the other side with Corey and Elliot apparently discussing school while Preston and Chris were discussing sports.

Curiosity

April raised the usual question, "Can Corey's cock fit all the way inside?"

I was tired of answering it but answered her nicely, "yes it does. At first we had some difficulty getting it in but there's no problem. And it does go all the way in."

"Hard to believe," Judy said. "I'd sure like to try."

"Me too," April added wistfully.

I assumed they weren't serious but Judy, in particular, kept making comments. "Remember how when we were having sex with those guys at my house we would all kind of share them," she said. "Maybe we could try that tonight."

Nobody answered but I could tell the idea was circulating in their heads. I kept thinking about trying out Elliot's "lollipop". "You should see Elliot's when it's erect," I mentioned.

"Susie!" Kaitlyn protested.

"What about it?" Judy asked.

"Not here!" Kaitlyn complained and whispered, "Not in front of him."

That did it, all of us excused ourselves saying we wanted some more cake and at the table Kaitlyn whispered to us, "Its tip gets really big and red but the shaft doesn't."

"It looks like a cherry lollipop," I added. Judy and April giggled at that.

"It's not funny!" Kaitlyn exclaimed. "It's unusual but I can't wait to feel it inside me."

"It is fascinating," I added. "I've wondered what it would be like too, ever since I first saw it."

"I think I'd like to try it," Judy added.

I made the mistake of adding, "and Elliot tastes good too."

"What?" all three of them said.

I told them about the time I showed myself to several of Corey's friends and then we went skinny dipping. "I went around and kissed all their cocks," I explained, "and Elliot shot his wad as soon as I touched it."

"He may not be able to get it inside you if it's that sensitive," Judy said to Kaitlyn.

"I think he was just extra aroused," I said. "Anyway, I think it had a kind of pumpkiny taste, not like what other guys semen smells or tastes like."

"So, Kaitlyn, what do you think?" Judy asked.

"I haven't had sex with him, even oral," Kaitlyn said. "I'm hoping for tonight. I'm curious how it feels inside too."

So, we'll all have to try Elliot out tonight," Judy said, adding, "along with Corey."

I glared at her, "Not going to happen, Judy. Could you please drop it."

"Just expressing my desire," she said.

"And what would Preston think of you doing Elliot and Corey?" April said.

"I doubt he'd mind if we gave him a shot at you and Susie."

"Judy!" we both said.

"Well if we all share Corey and Elliot then I only think it's fair that we share Preston too, ... and Chris," Judy told us.

"There isn't going to be any sharing," I said.

"Maybe if you think about it, it'll grow on you," Judy said. "I know we all want to try Corey"

"Not me!" Kaitlyn exclaimed, "not with my brother."

"Well we all, for sure, want to try out Elliot," Judy responded.

"Don't you think he should have a say," Kaitlyn said.

"Well sure, we ought to ask the guys. But what guy will turn down an opportunity to fuck four hot chicks."

"Corey for one," I said with confidence.

"And probably Elliot," Kaitlyn added with a bit less assurance.

"And Chris," April said with a tone more of hope than certainty.

Kaitlyn said, "I need to go to the bathroom. Could you come with me Susie?"

We left and in the pool restroom talked a bit about Judy's desire. "I would like to try out Elliot," I admitted again. "But Corey won't be okay with it."

"I'm going to get Elliot anyway and none of the others appeal to me," Kaitlyn said.

"But if there were different guys, you might be tempted?" I asked.

"Well, maybe. But right now I'm not interested in other guys," she said.

Curiosity Fulfilled

When we came out I saw that April was standing in the hot tub next to Corey and Corey had his finger up her twat. Elliot was doing the same with Judy.

"What's going on here?" I shouted.

Corey quickly removed his finger but couldn't resist sucking it off. He just looked sheepish.

"I was just explaining my proposal," Judy said. "And we were seeing if these guys were interested."

"What's going on?" Chris asked. I couldn't believe he was sitting less than three feet away and hadn't noticed that another guy was finger fucking his girlfriend.

"We're talking about a little sex partner sharing tonight," Judy said. "I'm providing finger samples. Do you want a feel?"
