 ********************

Author's Note: This is a direct continuation of Susie, Awakened and starts where that one ends. I encourage you to read the other story first.

Many thanks to my editor, hkf999.

Chapter 2 is a bit sex heavy without much story development. But you guys don't mind that, right?

********************

"Working late tonight?" asked Susie, my boss, and as of last weekend, my fuck buddy.

"I hope so," I replied, the first hint of suggestion in our conversation so far. She made the second. 

"Outstanding," she replied with a slight twitch of her eyebrow and a terribly loaded tone of voice.

Hot diggity! I started to do the 'I'm gonna get laid tonight' dance in my mind. I hammered away at my work with visions of Susie floating through my head the rest of the afternoon. Once most of the office was out on the freeway trying to get home, I moseyed in to the boss's office feeling like a kid coming downstairs on Christmas morning. I closed the door behind me and landed in a guest chair while Susie watched me.

"Listen, I wanted to talk about Saturday." Her hands were folded on her desk in her 100% business front that she so often used at work, but the whimsical smile on her face told me this wasn't about to be an unhappy conversation. "What happened here was completely unprofessional and inappropriate and I wouldn't trade it for the world. I needed every bit of that and I want to thank you."

"You are very welcome. And it's not like I didn't get anything out of it, you know."

"You are too kind. I'm, ah, well not old enough to be your mother but I am older, and I'm sure that's not the kind of thing you are, ah, looking for." I held up my hand to stop her.

"If I may be so bold...Susie, I've been staring at your tight little ass since the moment you hired me. Your age isn't an issue. I find you wildly attractive and I sincerely hope Saturday wasn't the last time. In fact I hope there is an orgasm approaching at the end of this conversation." The smile on her face was a lovely mixture of relief, excitement, and perhaps gratitude.

"Give a girl a little time to recover! I hadn't had sex in two years before Saturday. I'm a little sore. I've been trying hard all day not to walk funny."

"I hope I didn't hurt you," I said with genuine concern. I had gone a little cave-man back there, and while I'm not hung like a minotaur I am biggish, and she is smallish...

"Listen to me; I needed every bit of that. Don't worry; I'll be just fine in a few days."

"Fair enough. So would it be OK if I fantasize about you while I'm in the shower until the next time." She blushed at that, her eyes opening wider for a moment as if this were somehow scandalous when I had my cock inside her on this very desk not 48 hours prior.

"You'd do that?" she asked, incredulous.

"What, jack off, or jack off thinking about you?" She blushed even more at that, acting like a school girl almost.

"Well...the part about me, I guess." She was so cute. I leaned forward and dialed up my sexy voice.

"It's like this. Your naked body danced through my dreams all night long last night, and when I woke up I had an absolutely rock hard boner that was entirely your fault. I had to take a cold shower this morning to make it go away. Now, I'm not one to go yanking on this thing day and night, but occasionally the desire hits me and I go ahead and release the tension. I'm just asking permission to close my eyes and think of you when I do." She sat back, the blush having transformed into a mischievous smile.

"That's...actually really sexy. You have my permission. Maybe you can even let me watch some time?"

"I figure if you are close enough to watch then you ought to be an active participant. But I'm here to please so the lady gets what the lady wants. If you want, I'll do it right here, right now." She thought about it for a moment, apparently intrigued by the idea. 

She held up a finger, then turned to her computer and typed in a few commands. In a moment her face went sour with a pouty frown.

"I was about to tell you to do it, but there are an awful lot of people still on the floor and I need to get a couple things done and then leave. Rain check?"

"Rain check," I replied, excited about the prospect.

"You are just too good to be true. All right, get out! I have work to do. Go home, and no more late nights this week. I need to recuperate."

"Yes ma'am," I said as I got up and left. "But tell me one thing."

"Yes?"

"Are you wet right now?" Again she blushed, but her reply came swiftly. 

"Yes I am. Out!"

Tuesday was very hard, no pun intended. Knowing what lay at the end of the day was incredibly erotic but it made the day crawl like a snail. I must have checked my watch a hundred times by noon, and a hundred more times between 4:00 and 5:30. I saw Susie a few times during the day and she kept a completely professional face the whole time, not even flashing me a wink. I only hoped I wasn't telegraphing my naughty vibes. She was inscrutable but I might have been a bit more transparent. 

I know I felt guilty as hell when Pete came by. He had developed an extra nasty glare for me, it seemed, ever since Susie had pulled her ass-toward-the-door stunt. Or maybe that was a permanent scowl. Hard to say. Whatever the case, it left me a little worried about him finding out, but at the same time I felt so vastly superior to him since I was fucking his wife that I mostly didn't care.

Around 5:30 I checked the log and saw that we were almost alone. A few people were still on the other side of the building but they had little reason to roam over to our side. I sent Susie an instant message.

[I'm done with my work for the day. Anything else you need done before I go?] Just in case she had a visitor I had to keep it professional. Her response was clean, but cagey.

[I do have an extra credit assignment for you.]

[Now?]

[I'll let you know.]

Cool your jets, buster. Fine, I could wait. I was horny already so it wouldn't be a problem to get it up quick. I wondered if I could get her to talk dirty or something. I'd prefer if she took her tits out or sunk a finger into her pussy while I worked, but she was wearing a pant-suit and a blouse without buttons so I figured I was out of luck there. Still, I was excited.

She let me stew in it for about fifteen minutes.

[Still there?]

[It would take a grenade to make me go away.]

[Please come in my office.] Her choice of words wasn't lost on me. Show time! I shut down and headed in.

"That was fast," she said as I entered the office mere seconds after her last message. Her face was lit up, excited and eager. "I believe I have a rain check to use." I didn't speak. I locked the door and sauntered up to her desk, stopping an inch away from the front. Susie leaned forward, fingers laced in front of her on the desk, looking very enthusiastic.

I started to undo the belt buckle but she held up a hand to stop me.

"Just the zipper," she said. She said it quietly, a little breathless, obviously excited and perhaps a little hesitant to speak. She was starting to crawl out of her shell.

"The lady gets what the lady wants."

I slowly pulled down the zipper while tugging it sideways a bit, making the noise louder than normal. I had intended to give her a little show but she had her own ideas, so I would just have to go the direct route. I reached in and encouraged my beastie to emerge, bringing his best friends with him. Once exposed, I set my hands on my hips for a moment to let her enjoy the view.

My cock and balls hung from my open fly, dangling a few inches above the surface of her desk. I had been excited about this all day and now that the moment was upon me I was already a bit engorged and well on my way to an erection. My Lord and ancestors blessed me with a healthy sex organ and heavy, low-hanging balls and I was proud to display them to my new lover. Susie's hungry eyes devoured me.

"I didn't really get to see it much the first time." She said with her eyes still glued to my genitals.

"Do you like what you see?" She looked up at me with a lecherous grin.

"Very much." I picked up my cock and pulled it gently, helping it to grow. It needed little encouragement.

She was silent, and for some reason it infected me. I decided to remain follow suit. She watched my hand around my cock and I watched her face. Her naughty smile eventually turned to a focused, intense visage as I went on stroking myself for her.

I'm not sure what there is to say so I'll just try to describe what she was looking at. My cock is biggish, but not a monster. Girth is fine, I wouldn't call it thick. The head is a little large for the rest of my width so it looks a little like a mushroom. I've had the occasional girl say she had trouble fitting the head in her mouth but that's a rare problem. When I quit measuring around 10th grade I was just under eight inches long and since I had most of my classmates beat (judging by the showers after gym class) I figured I didn't need to fret over it. My balls are about the same; biggish but not abnormal, and they hang a little low so they get to swinging pretty well at times.

Judging by the hunger in Susie's eyes, she liked it. I had my fist wrapped around the shaft just south of the head and I was working it forward and back. I started slowly, trying to make it sexy. Susie watched attentively, only occasionally looking up at my face. When she did, she caught me looking at her and she smiled widely. Her excitement urged me on to greater speed and to go ahead and race for the finish. I wanted to cum for her.

I envisioned her coming around to my side of the desk and wrapping her wide mouth around the head of my cock, and slowly closing her eyes as she took me in. I imagined going deep into her face, more so than was likely to happen in real life, but hey, I can daydream. But the thought of my cock sliding into her lovely face...it didn't take much more.

"Your blotter is about to get sticky," I said through clenched teeth, my orgasm rapidly approaching. Shocked out of her happy place, she quickly shoved her desk blotter and all the detritus on it over to the side, giving me plenty of clear desk space to pollute.

"And your blouse might be in danger too." Only seconds left. My body was tightening, focusing on the base, animal need to ejaculate.

"I'll take my chances," she replied with a naughty grin, leaning forward a little in anticipation. Damn, what a way to cap it off!

My heavy spurt landed with an audible splat on the desk. Susie recoiled reflexively as it launched out of my cock straight at her face, but I didn't have quite the range to ruin her mascara. It landed just inches shy of her, and I have to admit I was a little disappointed. I wanted to put my mark on her, to make sure she could smell me on the drive home.

The next one went almost as far, the third a bit shorter, and several more jets and spurts of sperm flew out of me as I jacked off for my lover, covering the desk space between us with ragged lines of thick cum. At last, they were done, and all I had left was a dribble oozing out the end. I leaned over a bit and put my left hand on the desk, then dropped my cock and let it land with a wet thud on the cold hard surface. Susie looked up at me with an enormous grin.

"Was that as sexy as you imagined it?"

"Much, much more," she said in a slightly husky voice that didn't quite match her brilliant smile.

"Well, that's what happens when you get stuck in my head and I can't find another way to get you out." It was time to put my toy away but I didn't want to.

"You know, I didn't realize you were so big. Obviously I felt it. Oh Christ I felt it! But to see it up close and personal...it's very impressive."

"I think he has a crush on you."

"I think it's mutual."

I had been hoping she would come around the table and maybe clean me up a little, but she made no move so I figured we were finished for the evening. I snagged a few tissues from the box on her desk and cleaned myself up, then tucked my junk away and dropped down into the guest chair. Susie's eyes were locked to my cock until the moment I put it away.

"Are you going to be ready for me by Friday?" I asked.

"Count on it!"

********************

The week passed slowly as my work load increased a bit. The flirting and furtive glances gave way to actual business for a while. It was an odd feeling now, having had sex with Susie. I wanted more to be sure, and the excitement and allure of the forbidden was still very strong, but the sense of urgency wasn't quite so great now. Plus, every time I saw Pete I started to worry. Not so much for myself since he wasn't my boss and didn't control my professional destiny, but more for Susie's sake. I could just imagine how far he might flip out if he knew.

As Friday rolled around we were behind schedule on a production item needed for the weekend so our team worked a little late. Susie ordered pizza for us and we hammered away past dinner time until the early evening. It wasn't particularly difficult work, just labor intensive and repetitive so we had to be careful. By 7:30 it was all neatly wrapped and delivered to production control Susie sent us all home. She hadn't dolled up for me that day, wearing blue jeans and a somewhat frumpy sweater, but my head wasn't really in that place most of the week. Still, I lingered and took a longer-than-necessary bathroom break to let my team mates disperse before I went to visit the boss.

"Long day," I said, sauntering into her office. She was looking through her glasses at the computer while she typed away. She was an incredibly fast typist and her little fingers flew across the keys. She nodded her head in acknowledgment but didn't look away from her task. I dropped into a guest chair and waited.

"Got any plans for the evening?" She asked, not looking away from the screen.

"Not plans so much as...hopes."

"And what are you hoping for?"

"Basically, I'm hoping to get you naked."

"Really?" she asked theatrically, raising an eyebrow but still slashing away on the keyboard. "Tell me more."

"I want to peel you slowly out of your clothes, to shuffle your jeans down off your hips and hook my fingers into your panties and pull them down. I want my hands on your perfect little ass and I want my tongue sliding up inside you while you moan and wail."

"Yes?"

"I want to bring you very slowly up to an enormous orgasm, but stop just short and let you come back down."

"Why stop short?"

"So I can do it again, and again, until I wind you up so tight you feel like you could snap. And then..."

"And then?"

"And then I'll make you tell me your other nickname before I let you come." She finally showed some reaction to my words, shuddering visibly and licking her lips. Her fingers finally paused and she looked sideways at me with a mischievous grin.

"If you promise not to torture me like that, I'll tell you right now."

"Yeah? Well...my curiosity is awfully high, but I was looking forward to getting you all wound up. Fine, tell me. I'll find another way to get you going."

"Scarlett."

"Hmmmm. Color or name?"

"Hmmmm." She replied, shooting a sly glance as she mocked me gently.

"Not going to tell me. Fine. The meaning is...not immediately obvious."

"It's not meant to be, but if you play your cards right I just might explain it to you. And if you are incredibly lucky I might even show you the trick that got me the nickname."

"Now that sounds like fun!" She just smiled wildly and went back to her typing. At her speed she could have just ripped off a three-page essay so I was starting to get curious. "So what is it that keeps your attention better than a strapping young man who desperately wants to lick your pussy?"

"You are so damned naughty! I want to keep up with you but it's been way too long. I can't switch gears from boss to bed-fellow as quickly as you. This...is an alibi." She finished up and grabbed the mouse, and with a few clicks she was done. "That will explain to Pete why I am not coming home tonight in a way that won't require anyone to defend my honor with a fistfight." She started to pack up her laptop and some folders.

"Not coming home tonight? That's terrible. You'll need a place to stay then."

"You are right. I will. Any suggestions?"

"I think I know a place where you can expect a...warm reception."

"Now that sounds like fun! Let's go. My panties are about to slip right off me as it is."

She followed me back to my apartment a few miles away. She parked next to me, not trying to hide her vehicle or be in any way stealthy. She moved confidently into my apartment as I held the door open for her and made a beeline for the bathroom, carrying her small duffel bag.

"Be ready for me when I come out, please." 

The lady had a plan. Nice! I stripped down to my BVD's and sat on the edge of the bed, facing the bedroom doorway. I wished I could have darted into the bathroom to freshen up a little, a quick brush of the teeth and a spritz of some Sex Panther cologne, but she would have to take me as I was. I know I only waited a few minutes, but it seemed like hours. I perked up instantly when I heard the bathroom door open.

On silent feet she stepped into the room and leaned against the door frame. My eyes crawled up her body, taking in every detail. Her toe nails were freshly painted a light, shiny pink which contrasted against her olive skin. Her calves and thighs were bare and glorious, freshly shaved and smooth. I promised myself I would nibble every inch of those legs that night. She wore a bright pink panty, very small and I suspected a thong, and above that a see-thru baby-doll nightie in the same hot pink as the panties and toenails. Her face was predatory, confident and lovely, framed by her short black hair. She was far more in charge of herself this time and I was looking forward to the ways that confidence would show up in bed.

"You sure do know how to command a room."

"Shut up and listen" she said quietly. Every scrap of sexuality and desire from the previous weekend was evident on her face, in the angle of her hips and the tone of her voice, but now it was threaded with her 'no bullshit' office demeanor.

"I was barely in control of myself last time and I let you take me wherever you wanted. I was overwhelmed, out of my mind and out of control. It was perfect. Tonight, it's my turn to be in charge."

"Yes ma'am!" She smiled at my willing response.

"Now, you are wearing too much." I quickly shed my boxers and stood before her naked and proud, my cock starting to swell a bit from her presentation. We made an odd pair. She was five-foot two, dark and dusky, while I was six-foot one, blonde haired and blue eyed, but I knew from experience that we fit together just fine. She looked me up and down with an approving eye, then stepped forward. She raised a hand and put it flat on my chest, pushing me gently back toward the bed. I fell down and scooted back as she shooed me further with a gesture.

Once I was fully on the bed, propped up on my elbows, she crawled slowly on top of me like a wild cat on the prowl. Her face was intense, focused and sexy. I could see down the billowy front of her nightie, and while her tits might have been small they still hung enticingly from her body and my mouth watered with the desire to taste them again.

When her face was above my cock she stopped, leaned down and said hello. She nuzzled at the base of my member and inhaled my scent.

"Mmmmm. You smell good." She nudged my cock with her nose and kissed the base on the side, then pressed her cheek into my electrified and swiftly growing shaft. She moved forward, dragging her face off my cock and lifting her head when it was past. She moved up a bit more and sat up, straddling me just below where I had expected her to settle. She took me in her hand and scooted up a little so that I seemed to be jutting out of her crotch, and only her pink panties kept it from touching her. The sheer material of the nightie was in her way so she let go of me to quickly pull it over her head and off. It handed in a pink pile somewhere off the bed.
