 The first thing anyone notices about Suzanne are her eyes. They are the palest blue eyes I have ever seen - like the sky on a lazy summer day. Her jet black hair and milky white complexion heightens their beauty. She is rather petite - about 5'2" but with a nice figure. She has what I describe as aristocratic features - high cheekbones, thin nose, a somewhat haughty appearance.

I met her on a plane. I was 51, recently divorced and travelled extensively for business. Due to my elite frequent flyer status I was usually in first class. I was in an aisle seat on a flight to Boston waiting for boarding to finish and get us off the ground so I could work on my laptop. I spotted her walking towards me dragging a carry-on and was excited about the idea that this gorgeous woman might be sitting next to me. Sure enough, she stopped in front of my seat and smiled apologetically saying, "I'm in 3A." She was having a bit of difficulty stowing her carry-on, I took it from her and put it in the overhead. 

After she took her seat, we began to chat. Suzanne was a marketing executive on her way to a conference in Boston. I oversaw some consulting teams that were working with some tech companies in the Boston suburbs. I have to confess that I never did manage to work on my laptop that flight. Suzanne was quite charming and very friendly. We talked during the entire flight. As fate would have it, we were both recently divorced and career oriented. I thoroughly enjoyed her company but I had no expectation that I would ever see her again.

We went our separate ways after deplaning. I picked up my rental car and headed to client meetings. Things were not going well with some of our engagements and I had a lot of damage control to manage. 

After two days of whirlwind meetings where I managed to mollify angry clients I headed to Boston where I would spend the night before my morning flight home. I checked into a hotel in the financial district and after showering I decided to visit the hotel bar. To my great delight I saw Suzanne sitting alone at a table. I ordered a drink and walked over to say hello. She smiled at me and asked me to join her. 

Suzanne said that her conference was one of the most boring and useless events she had ever attended. I related my frustrations about clients with unrealistic expectations. We laughed about each other's situations and moved on to more interesting topics. It seemed like we talked for only a few minutes before I realized that an hour had gone by. I said I was hungry and invited her to dinner with me. 

There was a nice seafood restaurant not far from the hotel and we were able to get there by foot in 10 minutes. Being in Boston, we had to have Maine lobster which we washed down with a bottle of chardonnay - in fact we ordered a second bottle and nearly finished that. 

Suzanne talked about how she coped with her divorce. Her ex was extremely jealous and resented her frequent business travels. He would accuse her of cheating after most trips but it turned out that he was the one cheating. Suzanne returned early from a business trip and found him in bed with his secretary. "What a cliché, but instead of anger I was relieved. I realized then that I had been a fool to stay in the marriage as long as I did - 10 years." I made some sympathetic noises and told her my divorce came as a relief as well.

Suzanne had a little more wine than usual and, although she was far from drunk, it did loosen her tongue a bit. "That bitch was blonde, 10 years younger than me and she had enormous boobs! I couldn't compete with that!"

"Why I think you are absolutely stunning. Any man would be lucky to have you. In fact you have the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen." It was hard to fathom how a man would want to stray from this beauty. She didn't have big boobs but they seemed perfect for her petite frame. 

"You are nice to say that. I've been totally absorbed in work with very little social life outside of business functions. I live in Northern Virginia and my family is all in the Pacific Northwest. We sold our house and split the proceeds in the divorce and I bought a condo in Alexandria. With all my travelling I couldn't be bothered to keep up with a house." That is exactly what I did after my divorce and I told her so. "Well we seem to have a lot in common." she said. 

"Well, you are much prettier than I am." I joked. Suzanne laughed and he eyes seemed to sparkle. I was totally captivated by her eyes - I had never seen such pale blue eyes before. "A man could get lost in those eyes." Suzanne actually blushed. She probably hadn't received very many compliments lately.

All too soon dinner was over, I tried to pay the whole bill but she insisted on a split. "After all, I am on an expense account." We were walking back to the hotel when she stopped and said "I haven't had such a good time with a man since I can't remember when." I told her I had a fantastic time and she suddenly hugged me saying "thanks for being so nice". Taking the hug for an invitation, I held her close and kissed her. A simple kiss soon turned passionate. My cock responded to the embrace and she noticed the bulge in my pants. She rubbed her hand over it and said "we'll have to take care of this, won't we?" What guy would disagree with that?

The next 10 minutes went by in a blur as we returned to the hotel and went to my room. Once inside I held her close and started to unzip her dress. She stopped me and said she had always wanted to strip for a man. I sat on the bed and watched as she slowly slid the dress down her body, she kicked her shoes off and deftly put her dress on the easy chair with her foot. She did a little dance wearing only a bra and panties. Her breasts were the definition of perky and I could see her nipples were at attention through the flimsy bra. She turned around wiggling her sweet ass a bit and looked over her shoulder at me. She reached around and undid the bra. She pulled the straps down and freed her arms from them while holding the bra against her breasts. Then she turned and faced me and oh so slowly pulled the bra down revealing a perfect set of perky tits. Next, she turned around again and pulled her panties down showing her nice little ass. She wiggled it a bit before facing me. Her pussy was shaved except for a landing strip above. I stood and walked towards her. She wagged her finger at me and said "your turn."

I did not waste any time getting naked. My cock was at full attention. I took her in my arms and said "you are so beautiful and I am so lucky." I ran my arms down her back and over her ass gripping the ass cheeks. Then I ran my finger through her ass crack. I broke the kiss and leaned down to suck her nipples. We paused to get on the bed, I spread her legs and began to lick that sweet pussy. She was already sopping wet. I wrapped my tongue around her clit and pushed first one finger and then a second into her pussy. i began finger fucking her and slurping on her clit. Suzanne was writhing in pleasure. I sensed that she was close and I took a finger that was well coated with pussy juice and jammed it into her asshole. She began to shake with a tremendous orgasm. I moved up and held her close as she experienced an earth shattering orgasm. 

"I've never felt anything like this!" she said. I smiled and told her it was immensely gratifying for me to give her so much pleasure. Then I gently slid my cock into her dripping wet pussy. She shuddered as I began to fuck her. I loved feeling my cock invade her love tunnel. I held her close as I began to move faster and faster inside her. She wrapped her legs around my waist as I started to pound her pussy. It did not take me much longer to shoot stream after stream of cum deep inside her.

We lay on the bed, spent but happy, holding each other close. I fondled her breasts and began to lick and suck her nipples. My fingers wandered down to her pussy and began to play with her clit. I soon had her shaking again. My lips wandered down to her clit and I once more began to lick and suck her love button. Suzanne was once more writhing in pleasure. She reached another orgasm and after settling down leaned over, looked me in the eye and said "I haven't felt like this in years, if ever." I smiled and held her close, reveling in the feeling of her body against mine. She began running her hand over my abdomen and then reached a bit lower. It did not take long for me to spout another erection. She took my shaft in one hand and started to fondle my balls in the other. It felt delicious. "I want to taste you." she said. i wasn't about to argue with that. Suzanne began to lick and suck my cock. Her tongue wandered all over my cock head and then she took my shaft bit by bit into her mouth. She was driving me wild and I began to fuck her face. I felt my cock banging against the back of her throat and I could not contain myself. She seemed to be enjoying it as much as I was. 

"I am going to cum!" I warned her. Her reaction was to clamp her mouth down on me and suck even harder. My cock erupted with another huge load of cum. She took in every drop. We were both spent and drifted off to sleep. Early in the morning I sensed her getting up. I looked up and smiled at her getting dressed. She had an early flight and needed to be on her way. Neither one of us was looking for a relationship especially considering that we lived around 1,000 miles apart. However, I will never forget that lovely, sexy lady I met in Boston. Although we exchanged e-mails and did correspond a bit over the next few years, our paths never crossed again.