 Working the river, I sometimes blow through these shitty little towns. I’d stop in this same dingy diner in one of them to eat now and then. I met this little hottie named Suzie there. She’s a bit young, but sweet as can be. Real curvy (still got her baby fat), dark hair pulled back, huge dark eyes and huge natural breasts.

I noticed her right off the bat, but didn’t really think anything of it till like the third time I stopped in, I realized she was making it a point to wait on my table and go out of her way to flirt with me, asking all kinds of annoying questions like, where am I from, what do I do crap.

This last time she just sat down across from me after she got my food and started blabbing on about her boyfriend and how he keeps trying to fuck her (in those words) but she’s saving herself for marriage…bla bla bla..  I’m having trouble following this story, as I can’t stop looking at those big brown puppy dog eyes & puffy lips. Till she gets to the part where, and she says it without blinking: “but I suck his dick all the time….”

I’m like: “oh really?”.

I didn’t really know what to say so I just kept eating and she kept on droning on about blowjobs and how she thinks she’s better than so and so and how she sucked this guy’s dick last night at a party and he said it was the best blow he’d ever had and started going on about a contest she had with her friend taking turns on this guy and what not.

I’m like “jeesh”. I know these little country chicks can be slutty, but I never had one talk to me like this. I started getting nervous that other people could hear her so I looked around, just one old guy at the other end of the diner and the fat chick cooking in the back. Still, I didn’t know what to do, so I decided to go to the john & splash some cold water on my face.

Suze must’ve noticed my reaction because she touched my hand, and said, “Are you OK?” with a sweet little smile & cocked her pretty little head. I said, ”I need the bathroom.”, and as I started to get up she came over to me, grabbed my hand and led me to the bathroom. I had a feeling, but I was still quite surprised when she opened the door and went in, pulling me after her. She faced me, put her arms around me and with her warm body and big round tits pressing up against me she gave me a peck on the lips real fast and asked, “You gotta go now?”

I managed a meek “No.” and she said, “I’m wanna suck you now, ok?” and without waiting for my answer she sat on the toilet, pulled me in front of her and started unzipping my coveralls. My dick having been hard for the last five minutes, she giggled a bit when it popped out, looked up at me with a smile and closed her eyes as she immediately slirrped it almost all the way down and up making a little pop when she pulled it out and said, “it’s nice.”

I was flushed as hell, and thought I might bust a nut right there seeing her pretty face do that. She then reached up and pulled my coveralls all the way down and pulled my drawers all the way down to my ankles.

She looked up at me with those puppy dog eyes and said “Johnny, I’ve wanted to suck you since you first came in.” and then began licking my cock like it was a big ice-pop while her free hand went up my under shirt over my stomach and chest. She was alternately looking right up at me, or closing her eyes as she began licking and kissing my shaft and knob while massaging my stomach and chest. I didn’t even have the brain-power to think “this little slut is good” as her free hand went to grab my ass and she lifted my dick and licked down to my balls.

She closed her eyes, sucking one into her mouth; she started to moan as she voraciously sucked my sack. At this point I realized this is one of those rare persons whom REALLY get off on giving oral sex.

Suzie began getting more excited as she alternately sucked and licked on my nuts. I noticed one of her hands was down the front of her pants.

“Damn Suzie…” was all I could say as I enjoyed the best blowjob of my life. I think what really made it special was how much Suzie was enjoying herself.

That is, until she licked back up to my knob and took it into her mouth, looking up at me again with those puppy dog eyes as she did so. She slowly started taking more of my dick in and out of her warm, slippery mouth, popping it all the way out with a little ”pop”. She was making all kinds of slirping & popping noises while getting sloppy with my cock.

After a while Suzie grabbed my ass with both of her hands and started pulling me into her mouth. At first, I held back, afraid that she would gag, but she would just squeeze my cheeks and pull me into her. She was slamming my cock all the way down her throat making grunting noises every time.

She would start to take away her hands but I wouldn’t be fucking her mouth hard enough so she would grab me and pull at me some more. So I grabbed her by the hair and started fucking this chicks head like you wouldn’t believe, saying “That’s what you want? Want me to fuck your face?” “MMMHMM MMMHMM”, Suzie moaned as I pummeled her throat and spit started getting everywhere. Suzie had continues to pleasure herself below at this point. 

Not much later I exploded severely in Suzie’s throat, continuing to thrust into her mouth as I did so. Her moaning got a bit louder then quiet as she grabbed my ass again, with one hand, holding me all the way in her throat and swallowing all my cum.

Well, that was nice. She licked my dick a little while longer, stood up & we shared a nice, deep, salty kiss and a warm embrace. Sweet words were exchanged, but the next 5 or 10 minutes were a daze.

I eventually saw Suzie again.. & even met her Mom!…. but that’s another story.