 Dan Connors tossed his keys and wallet on his kitchen table. It was an unusually warm April afternoon, so Dan had used his boss' absence as an excuse to skip out of work a few hours early. He loosened his tie and cracked open a cold beer from the fridge.

At 30 years old, Dan was rarity in his neighborhood- a single man in a community filled with families. But with his parents retiring and moving to Florida a few years earlier, Dan had taken the opportunity to move into his parents' old home.

Sitting down to check out what was on TV, Dan heard the sound of a car door closing across the street and looked out the window to see his neighbor's daughter, Emily White, getting dropped off from soccer practice. Dan had been eyeing Emily since he first moved in and since her recent 18th birthday he felt a lot less guilty about his increasingly frequent and wild fantasies about her. With a perfectly toned and tanned body, Emily was the object of desire of not only her fellow high school seniors but also her sex-starved neighbor.

The quick glimpse of Emily was enough to make Dan wander over to his DVD collection where he decided a showing of "Barely Legal, Volume 24" would be the perfect way to take advantage of his sudden arousal. Just as he was about to get started, his doorbell rang. Tossing the DVD case on the table, he hopped to the door, figuring he'd be chasing away a pesky door-to-door salesman.

Much to his surprise and delight, standing on his doorstep was Emily. The sleeves on her gray t-shirt were rolled up to her shoulders and her red nylon soccer shorts clung to her well-defined thighs. With her shoulder length brown hair up in a ponytail, her face was still flush from a clearly strenuous practice. Drops of sweat slowly drizzled off her forehead, but Dan's gaze wandered to her warm brown eyes.

"Hi Mr. Connors," Emily said with a youthful, playful tone. "Seems like I've misplaced my house keys. My parents aren't going to be home until later. I was wondering if you'd be neighborly and let me crash at your place for a few hours until they get home."

Dan didn't hesitate. "Of course. Come on in," he said, stepping aside to allow Emily to enter. Despite her recent workout, her body still had the fresh, inviting scent of perfume that younger girls wear- a sweet mix of strawberries and vanilla. 

"Although I do have one rule. You can't call me Mr. Connors. For Christ's sake, I'm not that old."

"Ok, Mr. Conn--, I mean, Dan," she stammered as she tossed her gym bag by the couch.

"Can I get you something to drink?"

"Sure, a glass of water would be great," Emily eagerly replied.

"Coming up. Make yourself at home," he said. Heading to the kitchen, Dan's mind was a buzz with possibilities. Having Emily alone in his house was often how his fantasies began and her nubile body was even more tempting in person than it was in his mind's eye.

"So I see you like 'em young," Emily called out from the living room.

"What's that?" Dan asked, unsure of what she meant. But just as he finished pouring her water, he froze, realizing he had failed to stash his DVD before welcoming his guest. Before he could form a response, he turned to see Emily standing in the doorway with a cocky grin on her face, spinning the DVD case between her forefingers.

"I said 'I see you like 'em young," her words delivered in a slow, seductive manner.

Realizing he was caught red-handed, Dan figured it was best to play it cool.

"Well, what's not to like?" he said, smiling nervously in an attempt to hide his embarrassment.

"I suppose there is a certain appeal to a young girl who knows how to handle herself." And with that, Emily spun around and sauntered back to the living room, her snug shorts hugging the inviting curves of her tight ass, which she seemed to wiggle just for his benefit.

Dan caught his breath and joined Emily back in the living room, bringing with him a glass of water for both of them. He took a seat on the sofa, with Emily seated in an easy chair to his right. As he passed her a glass of water, she thanked him and kicked off her flip flops, propping her bare feet on the edge of the table. She slowly sipped the cool water and gave him a long, admiring glance.

"So, how were you planning to spend the rest of your day," Emily asked, with what seemed to be devious intentions in her tone. Her feet slowly slid along the edge of the table closer to where Dan was sitting.

"Oh, nothing. Just figured I'd, you know, relax." Dan sensed that Emily was brimming with sexual confidence and he watched her every move with increased anticipation.

"Well, I wouldn't want to interrupt your relaxation time," Emily said. "Especially after a long, hard day at work." She put special emphasis on the word "hard" as her foot slid across Dan's ankle.

"Not at all," Dan replied, as he watched Emily's foot slowly crawl up his leg. "I always enjoy good company."

"That's good," Emily purred. "I can be very good company." At that point she slid all the way back in the easy chair, curling her petite toes around the rapidly growing bulge in Dan's pants and slowly dragging them back and forth.

"Emily, I don't know if I..." the words barely escaping his lips.

"Oh please Dan, don't act like you don't want this," Emily protested, slowly lifting her shirt up over her head to reveal a tight fitting black sports bra.

He smiled wickedly. "You didn't let me finish. I don't know if I'll be able to stop myself from doing all sorts of naughty things to you once I get you naked."

Emily grinned, biting her lower lip as her fingers slid across the waistband of her shorts. She continued to curl her toes around Dan's cock, which was practically tearing a hole in his pants. "Well, let's get started on that right away," she said. And with that, Emily pounced onto the couch, eagerly pressing her steaming body against Dan's.

In no time, Dan and Emily were feverishly kissing one another, pressed deep into the couch, their tongues swirling and splashing around one another. Emily seductively moved her body against Dan's, sliding and slithering up and down. Her eager fingers undid his belt buckle and pants and she rapidly worked her fingers inside his boxers so she could grip his pulsating cock. Dan let out a low, deep moan inside her mouth.

They continued to play on the couch before they lost control and rolled off. Emily giggled as they found themselves crashing to the carpet, each of them gasping for breath. "Mmm...can't wait to taste you," Dan said, as he pushed Emily to the floor, yanking her soccer shorts and sweat-soaked panties off her hips in one swift pull. A light tuft of brown hair trimmed in a neat, narrow strip led to her smoldering wet pussy.

There was something about Emily's tight ass that drove Dan especially wild, and he pulled her up on all fours, sliding behind her and slowly bringing his eager mouth towards Emily's body. She moaned with anticipation, as he couldn't dip his tongue inside her soon enough. With sweet juices oozing from her body, Dan sunk his tongue into Emily's wet, willing pussy, and he placed his hands on the cheeks of her taut ass so he could grip her tight.

"Ohhhh shit!" Emily cried out, her body rocking with pleasure as Dan darted his tongue in and out, back and forth, slurping up every sticky sweet drop. The speed with which he flicked his tongue inside Emily increased and the sounds of her passionate moans and squeals only made him more eager to lap at her teen pussy.

Dan could sense Emily's breathing was becoming more labored and he continued to work wonders with his tongue, anticipating the orgasm that was about to tear through her body. With his tongue as deep as it could go, Emily began to spasm wildly, squealing and screaming before collapsing in a sweaty pile on the floor.

Dan paused for a moment, admiring the satisfied teen trying to catch her breath in front of him. Just when he thought she had nothing left in her, she rolled over and playfully said "Your turn!"

With that tempting invitation, Dan stripped off his remaining clothes and fell on his back, his cock throbbing with excitement. Emily swung her leg over Dan and straddled him, teasing him by dragging her still damp pussy across the head of his cock. They both let out deep, satisfied moans as she sunk down on his cock.

Emily started to rock back and forth on Dan's cock. Dan slid his hands across Emily's sports bra, fondling her supple breasts. Emily helped him out by lifting it off, her breasts playfully bouncing free. He rolled her nipples between his fingers and they hardened in his hands like a pair of dice.

Emily moved rhythmically on top of Dan's cock, arching her back and closing her eyes, softly moaning with every move. Dan gazed at Emily, completely aroused by the site of her sweaty, naked body consuming him.

Eventually the powerful sensations became too much, and Dan clenched his fists and let out a powerful yell, his cock erupting like a volcano as a series of hot blasts splashed deep inside Emily. She let out a playful squeal as each spurt exploded inside her.

Slowly dismounting from Dan's overstimulated body, Emily rolled over on the floor next to him, knocking over her gym bag in the process. As she did, her keys fell out the front pocket.

Realizing she was busted, she smiled at him. "Well, how do you like that?" she asked. 

He simply smiled back and said "I like it a lot."