 Authors note: For those of you following this series, it would be best if you read the entire series from the beginning as many of the characters in this story appear and reappear in different segments.

              Buck and Suzanne were sleeping on the balcony of a suite the 21 first floor at the Desert Springs Hotel as dawn started to break over the desert. Buck was laying on a chaise lounge and Suzanne was laying on top facing him with his soft cock still in her gently pulsing vagina. She had her arms folded across his chest with her head on them. As the desert sky started to brighten Buck started to wake up. They had been sleeping for almost 3 hours. He could feel Suzanne's pussy pulsing on his cock as it begin to get hard. He throbbed it a couple of times causing Suzanne to moan, "Mmmmmmmmmmm."

As she started to lift her head Buck said softly, "Morning baby. Your going to miss the sunrise. Why don't you turn around?" Suzanne's legs were a little wobbly as she lifted herself off his cock and turned around. She took his know hard cock and laid it the length of her vagina as she sat on his stomach. She clamped her soft thighs around his cock while holding the head so it just poked up above her thighs. Suzanne crossed her ankles and laid back against his chest. "Ooooooohhhhhhhh ggggggoddddd, Suz," he moaned as she ran the palm of her hand over the top of his very sensitive cock. The sky had taken on a reddish, orange hue as the sun started up over the ridgeline of the mountains across the valley.

"Oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh Buck," she moaned as he brought his hands up under her arms and started to roll the thick nipples of both breasts between his thumb and finger. Half of the sun was above the ridgeline now. He could see her 2 inch clitoris oozing but couldn't reach it from the position he was in. Suzanne started to work her thighs against his cock sort of jacking him off with her thighs. Buck was oozing a steady stream of precum on to her thighs now as the sun was fully up. He continued to tweak and palm the now fully erect nipples as he could see her clitoris throbbing and oozing her girl juice. Her pussy was throbbing hard against his cock still trapped between her soft thighs. "Ooooooooooohhhhhhhh Ggggggggodddddddd," she moaned as a stream of girl juice shot out of her pussy.

"Christ honey, Oooooooohhhhhh," he moaned as his cock shot the first stream of jizz on to her hand as she rubbed the palm across the head of his cock. The second stream landed on her breasts and stomach. He pulsed a half dozen weakening streams then his cock begin to soften.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm," she moaned, "Breakfast, lots of protein and energy," as she licked the cum off her hand and then scraped up some more off her stomach and licked that up. "You taste good," she said as she turned and kissed him.

He could taste himself on her lips and didn't care. "Hell of a sunrise. Great way to wake up. Where the hell did you learn that little trick?"

She laughed and said, "I'll never tell. It's getting warm lets go inside."

As they walked into the room Buck looked at the clock on the table, it showed 7:08am. Buck said, "I'm going to jump in the jacuzzi and see if I can get the aches and pains out of this old body. Hell, my whole body hurts. I've been using muscles that I forgot I had. No messing around Suz, I just want to soak."

Suzanne was laughing as she said, "I'm going to make some coffee. Do you want some?"

Buck replied, "That would be wonderful."

Suzanne made the coffee and brought a cup for Buck and for herself into the Jacuzzi. Suzanne said "So what are we going to do today, baby?"

Buck said, "I noticed you didn't have any dress clothes just casual when you hung your clothes up. I thought we might go this morning and buy you a couple of dress outfits and maybe take the tram to the top of the mountain this afternoon. Not before breakfast though. What do you think?"

Suzanne sat there with the water bubbling around her neck and stared at him. "I didn't think I'd need dress clothes out here, so I didn't bring any." She had moved over next to him now as she said, "So just like that we're going to go out and by me some clothes, you're unbelievable."

"Well," he said, "you can't run around in rags. Some of the places we're going to go may require a little more. Stop it Suz. I told you no messing around. I'm getting to old for this shit like Greg. This old body has to slow down a bit."

Suzanne put her arms around his neck and looked up deep into his eyes and said softly, "There's nothing wrong with your body that I can't fix." She kissed him and said "I'm going to take a shower, are you going to join me." He laughed and said, "Only if you behave. I'll be there in a minute."

Buck took the coffee cups out to the sitting room and turned to go back and join Suzanne when there was a knock on the door. He peeked through the peep hole and saw Lettie standing at the door. He grabbed a pair of shorts and pulled them on. Buck opened the door and said, "Hi Lettie, what are you doing here? Come on in."

Lettie walked into the room and handed him a paper. "I thought you might like the paper and wanted to check and see if you guys were alright." "We're fine," Buck said, "I'm taking Suz shopping this morning and we're going up the mountain this afternoon."

Lettie said, "Should be fun. I gotta be on the desk in 30 minutes so I better go."

As Buck was walking Lettie to the door, Suzanne came around the corner nude saying, "Honey are you going to aaaaaahhhhh, Lettie what are you doing here?" Suzanne shrieked as she threw her hands up over her breasts.

Lettie stopped mouth agape and breathed softly, "Suzanne, your gorgeous" as she took 2 steps toward Suzanne. Suzanne was looking at Buck and he nodded his head and shrugged his shoulders as if giving his permission as Suzanne dropped her arms to her sides. Lettie reached out with both hands and cupped Suzanne's breasts and then she ran her fingers over the nipples causing Suzanne to gasp. Suzanne gasp again and clamped her thighs around Letties hand when she hooked her finger into Suzanne's pussy and rubbed her G spot. Buck could see Suzanne's big clit poking an inch out of its hood when Lettie wrapped her lips around it causing Suzanne to moan and her legs start to quiver. Suzanne was gasping for air as Lettie stopped and said, "Let's get on the bed so I can really work on you." Lettie grabbed her hand and practically dragged Suzanne to the bedroom of the suite unbuttoning her blouse as she went. Buck followed them in and took off his shorts before sitting down in the chair in the room. "Get on the bed Suzanne," Lettie said as she ripped off her clothes. Suzanne's eyes were huge as Lettie finished undressing. Lettie was all of 5 feet 10 inches tall with small 36B breasts and very long legs that went from here to there. Her pussy was shaved clean. Her breasts were capped by red nipples almost as long as Suzanne's with light aureoles that stood out against her dark skinned Cajun body. She too was gorgeous. "I've been wanting to do this for a long time, little girl," she said and pounced on Suzanne.

She started on Suzanne's nipples and breasts while rubbing on her pussy. Suzanne was moaning and gasping, "Ooooooohhhhhh God please."

Lettie moaned, "Aaaaahhhhhhh gggoooooddd ," as Suzanne reached down with one hand and started to roll one of Lettie's fat nipples between her thumb and forefinger. Buck was sitting in the chair thinking Lettie's going to get a big shock when she eats Suzanne's pussy as it was bound to be loaded with his jizz from last night. Suzanne had the bed sheet wrapped around her other hand again and her hand jammed in her mouth to keep from screaming. Buck was slowly jacking his big cock sitting in the chair as Lettie slowly worked her way down Suzanne's luscious body. Lettie ran her tongue up and down Suzanne's vagina and then stuck her tongue in. Buck was smiling when Lettie raised her head and gasp, "You Bitch you're still full of his Jizz," and sucked Suzanne's big clit into her mouth.

Suzanne screamed, "Ooooowwww, tender," as Lettie chewed on her clit.

Buck said, "Easy Lettie," in a rather firm voice.

Lettie stopped and turned into the 69 position and slowly lowered her pussy over Suzanne's mouth. Buck saw Suzanne's tongue take a tentative taste of Lettie's pussy and then start to lick up and down the lips of Lettie's cunt. Suzanne's thighs were locked around Lettie's head as she tried to pull it tighter against her squirming pussy. Lettie's pussy was tight against Suzanne's lips and tongue as she squirmed it almost uncontrollably back and forth. Both girls were gasping for air in between licking and sucking. Bucks cock was rock hard drooling precum when Suzanne tilted her head back a little and beckoned him with her finger. When he walked over to the bed he noticed that Lettie's ass was at the perfect height to be fucked. Suzanne reached up and took his big cock in her little hand and pulled it down sucking the head into her mouth and licking off the precum as she moaned, "Uuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmm." She looked up at Buck with dreamy eyes and gasp softly, "Fuck her" as she inserted the head of Bucks big cock into Lettie's pussy.

As Buck started to push he stopped as he felt the resistance against the head of his cock. Christ he thought Lettie's a virgin. He tried to concentrate on that thought as Lettie's pussy was spasming wildly on the head of his cock and Suzanne was gently licking and sucking on his balls. Fuck it Buck thought, she had to know this was going to happen when she started this. He forced his cock through her hymen and started to work it deep into Lettie's virgin pussy. She screamed, "Ooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh," as Buck burst past her hymen into her pussy. She was gasping for air as she said, "Don't cum, no pill, pregnant," in between gasps for air. Buck was all the way in now and her pussy was spasming hard and milking him. He was very close to cumming when he started to withdraw and Lettie was gasping, "No, please, don't stop, good, more." He just made it as his cock pulsed the first stream of jizz up onto Lettie's ass. Lettie screamed, "Nnnnoooo," as Suzanne grabbed his cock and sucked 4 or 5 inches into her mouth.

"Christ," he moaned as Suzanne's mouth sucked him dry in less than 2 minutes. He was still rock hard when she inserted his cock back in Lettie's wildly spasming pussy.

"Fuck the Bitch hard," Suzanne gasp as Buck grabbed Lettie's hips and thrust his cock the whole 11 inches into he pussy with one stroke.

Lettie screamed, "Ooooooooohhhhhhhhh Yyyyyyyyeeeeeeessssss," and started to rock back and forth causing her pussy to slide up and down Bucks cock.

Buck started working the cum that was on her ass into her rosebud. He could feel her asshole spasming against his finger as he worked it into the first knuckle. Lettie was screaming into the pillow now as she was having constant orgasms. Buck spit a big wad of saliva onto the crack of her ass and started to work it deep into her asshole. He did this several times.

Suzanne suddenly screamed, "Nnnnnnnnnoooooooooo, hurts, stop." Lettie had dropped her head and was chewing hard on Suzanne's pussy.

Buck reached up and grabbed a hand full of Letties hair and pulled her head back. He said in her ear, "You like it rough huh Bitch? How about I give it to you in the ass? Your still cumming aren't you Bitch?" Buck new she was because the muscles in her vagina would clamp down hard for 10 or 15 seconds and then start spasming again.

Lettie gasp, "Yes, can't stop." and then "Nnnnnnnnnnooooooo" as Buck pulled his cock out of her pussy and layed the head of his now rock hard cock on her tight little asshole. Buck had looked down at Suzanne when he pulled his cock out of Lettie's pussy and could see the tears on her face.

This caused Buck to growl, "Ready Bitch." He still had a handful of Lettie's hair as he reached down and lined up his cock with her rosebud.

Lettie was pleading, "No please, not my ass, to big." in between gasps for air.

"You ain't no virgin there, I can tell Lettie. I can tell," as he easily popped the head of his big cock through her ass ring and drove 5 inches into her ass.

Lettie screamed, "Nnnnnnnnnoooooooooooooo," as he drove his cock into the 8 inch mark.

Buck still had the handful of hair and he was pissed because she hurt Suzanne as he said, "Shut up, Bitch! You'll be begging for it in 2 or 3 minutes." He jammed his entire 11 eleven long 3 inch wide cock into her ass and began to brutally fuck Letties ass with long 8 or 9 inch strokes all the while pulling on her hair hard. He could feel her big ass muscle clamping down on his cock trying to hold it still. He was seeping precum now so her ass was well lubricated and she couldn't slow his strokes down.

Suddenly Lettie gasp, "Ssssssssooooooo ggggggooooooooddddddd," and then "please don't stop".

Buck leaned forward and said, "I told you you'd be begging Bitch. You ever hurt Suz again and you'll be begging for something else cause I'll bite your damn nipples off and then choke you on my cock. Do I make myself clear Bitch?"

Buck let go of he hair and she nodded yes and breathed, "Ssssoooorrrrrrrrrrrrryyyy, Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh ccccuuuummmmmmmmiiiiiiiinnnnnggggg." Buck jammed his cock into her one more time as it started to pulse. He let it pulse 3 times and yanked it out while he was still cumming causing Lettie to scream.

He pushed her hard off Suzanne and to the side. He was watching her legs, arms, and torso having uncontrollable muscle spasms when he realized Suzanne was gently sucking on the head of his cock and her little hands were gently squeezing his balls. He gasp, "Oh God Suz, feels so good," as he looked down at the lips of her vagina and could see the teeth marks where Lettie had bit her. He started to get mad again but Suzanne was still sucking on his still softly pulsing cock and he leaned forward and very gently kissed and then ran his tongue all over the lips of her vagina.

Buck got up off the bed and walked into the sitting room and poured a cup of coffee. Then went into the bathroom and started to run a tub full of water. He walked back to the bedroom. Suzanne was laying on the bed with her eyes closed kind of moaning. Lettie was laying on the bed still having muscle spasms. She's at least an hour late for work he thought serves her right and felt no remorse. He leaned over Suzanne and said, "You okay baby? I've got a nice hot tub running in the bathroom."

Suzanne started to get up and winced as she said, "I don't know if I can walk, it hurts."

Buck picked her up and carried her into the bathroom as he said, "I'm sorry baby, I should have never let it start."

Suzanne looked at him with her big eyes and said, "I could have said no."

Buck put her down so she was setting on the edge of tub and said, "Just swing your legs over and slide in." As Suzanne slid into the tub he said, "Is it to hot?"

Suzanne said, "No it's just right and it feels sssssooooooo good."

Buck said, `I'll be back as soon as I get rid of our guest."

He turned to leave and Suzanne said, "You are so good to me and I love you very, very much."

He walked back to the bedroom where Lettie was still laying on the bed and still occasionally having a muscle spasm. He looked at the clock, it said 10:32am. As he smiled he said, "Lettie, I thought you had to go to work. It's after 10:30am."

Lettie opened her eyes and then suddenly realized what he had said. "Oh god," she moaned as she tried to get up, "I hurt." She looked at the clock and said, "Shit, I'm almost 2 hours late. Christ, I need a shower but I don't have time. I must smell like a whore. Maybe Suzanne has some perfume. Where is she anyway?"

Buck laughed and said, "In the tub soaking trying to recover from what you did. It's a good thing I didn't see the teeth marks on her pussy before I took your ass or I'd of made you bleed a little and you would've hurt a lot more than you do." Lettie was dressed and started for the door, she paused at the door to the bathroom and Buck said, "Don't even think about it Lettie, leave her alone. You must have some perfume in your purse. All girls do."

Lettie said, "Yes but it's down at the desk. Damn I can feel your jizz seeping from my sore ass. It's never been this sore from taking it in the ass. I've never been fucked before either. I was a virgin until this morning."

Buck said, "You had to know you were going to lose it when you started with Suz this morning. Now get out of here we've got things to do." He would've opened the door for her but he realized that he didn't have anything on.

Lettie turned and said, "You really love her don't you? This isn't about sex or anything else, it's about love isn't it."

Buck looked at her and said, "Yes, and if anybody tries to hurt her or mistreats her they're going to have to deal with me. And you can trust me on this, it won't be pleasant."

Lettie said, "I believe you," and opened the door and walked out.

When Buck walked back into the bathroom Suzanne was washing her face and Buck just smiled as he said, "Slide forward Suz, I need to soak a little too. We don't have a lot of time it's almost 11:00am and we got a lot to do today, unless you don't feel like you can."

Suzanne turned and kissed him as she said, "I'm okay. I hurt a little but I'm okay. I don't break that easy. Buck, who are you? I heard most of the conversation you had with Lettie at the door. I thought she was a virgin when I saw the blood when you took her cherry. I saw the look on your face change just like that when you saw me crying after she bit me. God it hurt. What made her stop?"

Buck said, "I did. Grabbed a handful of her hair and yanked her head out of your pussy. I didn't let go until I was done with her and shoved her away. I was going to go after her until I realized you were gently sucking on the head of my tender cock and gently squeezing my balls."

Suzanne said, "You were still cumming and you always taste a kind of salty sweet. I love the taste of you. I just couldn't resist. Did you mean what you said at the door about love and sex?"

Buck responded softly with, "I meant every word of it. It's like the love is your favorite cake with icing and it's oh so good. If the sex was just okay it would be good, but when you put wonderful sex with it it's like lots of additional layers of icing on the cake."

Suzanne was laughing as she said, "You have such a wonderful way with words. I need to douche but I don't think I can. I'm so tender." She had turned and was facing him now straddling his thighs as he was laying back in the tub. "You still haven't answered my question, "Who are you really baby?" she ask softly.

Buck looked up at her and said softly, "Just a normal old 48 year old guy who is very much in love with a little girl. Jesus, I don't believe it. I've cum 3 times this morning and I'm getting hard again."

Suzanne was laughing when she said, "See I told you I could fix it!"

It was just after 12:00pm when the walked out of the elevator. Suzanne had on a pair of loose fitting white shorts and a blue blouse tied off just under her breasts. The blouse was loose so her nipples weren't sticking out even though she was wearing no bra. Buck knew she was wearing a pair of white silk panties because she had said the cotton ones were too rough against here very sensitive pussy. She had on no make up, not even lipstick, but then she didn't ever wear much make up anyway. She had on tennis shoes and blue and white sweat socks. She looked luscious. It always amazed Buck how she could move him even though he had sampled her treasures and knew first hand what was underneath the clothes.

They were driving to the mall when Buck saw a little boutique store in one of the strip malls. He pulled into the parking lot and parked. Suzanne said, "I don't think we'll find anything here."
