 Chapter I

It was Sunday night and I was dog tired. The white walled fitting room in the back of the store was often the worst to clean up, and I was the lucky one who had to do so. On one side was eight different changing rooms, each filled with clothes left over by customers, each barely clinging to their hangers. On the other side, a wall of mirrors only broken up by a long red flat couch.

"Just great" I heard from the other side of the fitting room door.

It was Jen, the store manager. She was standing over the red couch, her hands crossed in disappointment.

"Looks like somebody's spilled milk on our new couch."

I looked over to see a few white stains near the edge of the couch, one being particularly big and messy. I couldn't help but laugh.

"What?" Jen said, looking at me with sigh of disbelief. 

Chapter II

It was the previous Monday and I walked into the break room like I do before any shift. I picked up my name badge and put my lunch in the store's mini fridge. I then checked the whiteboard to see where they had me today.

"Hahahaha."

I didn't realize anyone was in the office until I heard that laugh. And I knew that laugh. It was Vanessa, or "Little V" as we lovingly nicknamed her (there was another, older Vanessa in the store we nicknamed "Big V"). I peaked around the corner and mouthed "hello" to her.

Vanessa looked up and smiled, her upper lip showcasing it's trademark curl, white teeth gleaming. She quickly covered the receiver of the phone she was on.

"Did you check the schedule?" she exclaimed, "looks like we're going to be closing together Thursday night."

I quickly glanced at the schedule before heading onto the store floor, and just like she said, it was just us closing that evening. I thought that was rather weird to have only two people scheduled, but Thursdays were often very slow and so figured they were just trying to trim some hours.

Chapter III

Seeing that no one was looking, I quickly pulled out my cell phone to check the time. Thirty more minutes till lunchtime, yet I couldn't wait, I was so hungry. I was called in early to work that Tuesday. So early I didn't even get to eat breakfast. 

Vanessa was working that day as well. I had hardly seen her though, only briefly seeing her golden blonde hair in the distance, whipping around as she ran from one end of the store to the other, helping every customer in her path.

"That looks great!"

No matter where in the store you were, you could hear Vanessa. She just had a voice that carried, and often times she didn't even need to use the walkie-talkie to communicate, something we often teased her about.

I busied myself with filing paperwork, trying to kill time before I could go to lunch.

"You wanna grab a bite?"

It was Vanessa's voice yet I figured she was talking to someone on the other side of the store. I jumped when I felt a hand touch my shoulder. I quickly turned around to see Vanessa's ice breaker blue eyes staring back at me. I was so surprised I choked on my own words, and couldn't answer.

"Well?" she asked.

While we usually ate at the food court, Vanessa wanted to try the cafe inside one of the department stores. We sat across from each other and began to eat. She daintily eating Caesar salad, while I munched on a club sandwich. Like always, Vanessa did most of the talking, and I did most of the listening. Yet today she seemed even more eager to speak, and while we were friends, the topic was more liberal than usual. She rambled on about her ex-boyfriend, which she stilled lived with. I wondered why she hadn't moved out yet.

"Must kill your love life" I joked, before taking another bite of my sandwich.

"You don't know the half" she exclaimed "I haven't gotten any in months!"

I choked back a nervous laugh before answering back "ditto." I hadn't gotten any in what seemed like forever, and hadn't even been on a date in nearly half a year. At one time I did contemplate asking Vanessa out, but after I learned she was older than me, figured this plain fellow didn't stand much of a chance.

"Plus I gotta capitalize while I still have the body" she continued. "I'm not gonna have this figure forever, and it's beginning to give way."

I shook my head in amazement. Vanessa must have been joking because she was just as slender as ever, her long pink legs and heart shaped bottom filling out a cute black skirt.

"Well at least these girls are still perky" she joked, sticking out her 34B chest. And she was right, as they stood at attention, almost pointing right at me. Sometimes when it wasn't even that cold her nipples would still poke through her sweater.

The conversation continued as we finished our meals and walked back to the store. I stood outside the entrance, quickly finishing my coke.

"I'll see you inside tiger" she said, before humorously slapping my behind.

Chapter IV

Wednesday had arrived and the week seemed to be squeaking by. Five minutes had passed in my fifteen minute break, as I sat there texting a few friends until I had to return to the grind. I looked up for a moment to see Vanessa barreling towards me, chatting on the phone. She passed me by, barely acknowledging me, and headed into the office, leaving the door slightly cracked open. Even so I could faintly make out what she was saying.

"Have you ever heard of friends with benefits?" she asked whomever was on the other line, "because I could desperately use one right about now."

I couldn't believe what she was saying. Didn't she know that I could hear her? I continued to listen but grew bored with the rest of their conversation. Soon enough the office door opened up, and out walked Vanessa. She walked past me out towards the store floor before briefly glancing back. I could have sworn she winked at me.

Chapter V

Thursday had finally come. I was to be off both Friday and Saturday so I just wanted tonight to go by as fast as possible.

The second I entered the store, it felt cold and crisp. It was rather moderate outside yet out store manager must have decided to boost up the air conditioning.

As I entered the break room, I saw Vanessa sitting there, eating a granola bar. As I grabbed my name badge, I couldn't help but notice Vanessa's nipples erect as ever through her shirt. It seemed like she wasn't even wearing a bra. I starred a little too long, and Vanessa seemed to notice. Trying to cover myself, I said the first thing that came to mind.

"I'm freezing in here" I stammered.

"Obviously" she replied, "I am too." Her fingers pointing to her hard nips.

I raised an eyebrow.

A crooked smile drew across her face. She then took a quick bite out of her granola bar as I stood there awkwardly for what seemed like forever. She eventually stood up, and to my complete surprise, pinched her already erect areolas. 

"Maybe these will help me get a few club cards today" she laughed.

As she walked away, I could see her unbutton one of the buttons on her cardigan.

Chapter VI

Finally 9PM had rolled around. The last customer had left the store and we dropped the glass gate in the front entrance. I quickly started folding clothes on the men side, while Vanessa closed down the registers and counted the money. The store wasn't too messy but since I had to do most of the clean up, we'd be here for another hour and a half.

After about an hour, Vanessa strolled up next to me, holding a clear baggie in her left hand. It was the deposit. 

"Let's drop this off" she said.

I looked at her puzzled. Usually when we close, we drop of the deposit after we have locked everything up and were headed to the parking lot. Yet we were not even close to being finished. Were we going to go home early?

As we walked down the non-operating escalator, it was clear we were the last one left in the mall, besides maybe mall security. I stood by as Vanessa typed in the code by the drop box and slipped the money into the slot. We then hurried back to the store. Yet as the gate raised to let us in, I could have swore Vanessa was making one last look to make sure we were truly alone.

Vanessa proceeded to go into the back to call the store manager and finish up paperwork. I went back to folding t-shirts near the back of the store. I had saved the worst for last, as the table was trashed, every shirt needing to be refolded.

Soon Vanessa came waltzing back out, noticeably without her cardigan. Her nipples were once again at attention.

As we worked on the table, we began to talk, mostly about nothing. Soon the conversation veered into unfamiliar territory.

"Do you think I'm attractive?" Vanessa inquired.

I stopped folding the t-shirt I was holding. I needed to answer quickly, and knew I had to say yes but how? Where was she going with this?

"Of course" I managed to stutter, hardly sounding as confident as I wanted to.

"Would you fuck me?" she pressed me. 

All I thought to myself was wow. I wanted to yell "of course", but this was tricky. She was a friend and my manager. My head seemed foggy and confused and I didn't answer right away. I felt my penis begin to stiffen. 

"Well..." she spoke, waiting for my reply.

"I....I dunno" I stumbled out.

"It's a simple question" Vanessa said. She stood there, her eyes piercing through me. She had stopped folding and now was completely focused on my final answer.

"Yes. Yes I would" I finally chocked out.

She smiled. "Good" she quipped, and continued folding as if what I said bared no weight.

We finally finished the table, and the store was done. Just like I had thought, it had taken us about an hour and a half. I went to the back to get my things to leave.

"Where are you going?" Vanessa asked.

"We're done" I told her, with a bit of exhaustion in my breathe.

"We're not done" she exclaimed, as she begin to inch closer to me, her eyes beckoning me to approach her. She then slowly put her hand on my shoulder, reached up, and pecked me on the lips.

It was quick yet I was left breathless. I stood there in awe for a second, looking into Vanessa's cloudy blue eyes.

Grabbing my hand, Vanessa began leading me somewhere. I wondered to myself where were we going as butterflies floated around my stomach. Thoughts began buzzing through my head, and when I looked down, I could see there was now a tent sprung in my pants. When I looked up, I realized we were headed towards the back fitting room.

Chapter VII

Vanessa pushed me down onto the red couch. She quickly took off her shirt, pulling it over her head, exposing her perky breast and pink nipples. She then pulled a pin out of her hair, letting it drop to her shoulders. All the while, her eyes were transfixed on me.

"Wait" I stammered, "What about..."

"Don't worry" she said, cutting me off.

Even so I was still nervous. What if we got caught?

Vanessa noticed the worried expression draped over my face, yet that didn't stop her. As she inched closer to me, wearing only a pair of pink lace panties, she whispered "there are no cameras in the store, no people left in the mall, it is just us." She then bent down and kissed me, pressing her tongue deep into my mouth. I could feel her nipples tickling my chest, making my dick harder.

Vanessa soon slipped off her panties, and grabbed my hand, leading it down to the golden patch that lay between her legs. I felt my fingers bristle over the slight bit of pubic hair that graced over her mounds and slide into the slippery, wet abyss that was her pussy. At first one finger slid in but as I fingered her vagina, I pressed the issue, sliding in another, than another.

Soon, four of the five fingers on my right hand were inside her, and I could feel it getting wetter and wider. My left hand lay under her right tit, feeling the goosebumps around her areolas. 

Vanessa then slightly lifted herself up and arched her back, her nipples only inches from my nose. "Suck" she commanded.

I obliged, my lips around her left nipple, sucking as if it were a baby's bottle, as my other hand tweaked her right tit. I swear if she had milk in her jugs I would have drained them dry. I sucked and sucked, moving back and forth between the two nipples, giving each it's equal time.

Eventually, Vanessa got up, and began pulling my jeans off. I quickly unbuttoned the top near the fly before she could rip them off. She then dug her hands into my boxers, and pulled my throbbing dick out. Afterwards, Vanessa pushed my waste down so that I was lying nearly flat.

"Sit back and enjoy" she smirked.

Before I could even brace myself, I felt her thin lips around my member. I looked down, and saw that my cock was nearly balls deep inside her small little mouth. I was impressed. She gasped for air before taking it again in her mouth, using her saliva as lubrication. Tug and suck, tug and suck, she made sure I stayed hard.

I could barely keep my eyes open, it felt so good. Meanwhile, she caressed my balls as she sucked me, almost teasing it to burst in her mouth. After what seemed like an eternity, my stomach began to tighten and my testicles tingle. I knew what was about to begin.

"I'm gonna...gonna cum" I spit out.

Yet Vanessa kept sucking, almost as if she didn't hear me. I began to shoot into her mouth, hitting the back of her throat with my jizz. She slowly backed my penis out, and took the rest of the cum with her mouth only entrapping the head. After a few seconds, the very last drop shot from my cock. Vanessa pushed her hair out of her face, and looked up at me, her jaw slightly open. I stood up to get a closer look, and to my amazement, I saw a white pool collected in her mouth. She then closed her eyes, and gulped it down, all of it.

"You taste sweet" she spoke, "You must eat lots of fruit."

Chapter VIII

"Thank god for the pill" Vanessa joked, spreading her naked legs atop my spread legs. We both sat their, arms propping ourselves up, opposite with one another. I had never tried this position before. I looked over to Vanessa, who was meticulously arranging her body. She crept closer and closer, my penis soon prodding the side of the inner thigh. I looked down and saw the folds of her pussy open, beckoning me to enter.

"Go in slowly" she whispered, as I took one of my hands and straightened up my penis. She carefully lowered herself and my dick soon touched one of the lips of her labia, slightly jumping.

"Just let my lips wrap around you" Vanessa seemed to mumble. 

And I did just that, the perfect pink folds of her labia wrapped around my shaft. Vanessa continued to lower herself, yet took her time, as she couldn't take me all in at once. She was tight, very tight.

"Guess that's why they call me Little V" she joked.

It took a minute or so, but eventually I was able to fit completely into her, as Vanessa let out a ecstatic moan. For a second I thought that I had hurt her, but she took a few deep breathes and then looked at me assuringly. 

I couldn't believe it, I was inside Vanessa.

I took a moment to take it all in before I began to thrust my pelvis. Vanessa felt my moment and began joining into my rhythm, letting my penis pump in and out of her, yet never more than an inch. While she moved her ass up and down, I could see her fondling her breast.

"Check this out" she seemed to shout at me, before grabbing her right tit and touching her tongue to her nipple. 

We continued to rock back and forth, me pumping her gently, sweat dripping down my chest and forehead. Vanessa eventually got up and began grinding against me, her pubes brushing up against my lower waste. She put one hand on my chest, the other threw her hair and began riding me like a bull. I saw there, letting her do most of the work, concentrating on her tits, which swayed back and forth, almost to non existent music.

I felt a wetness by my crotch and looked up at Vanessa. Her eyes seemed to be rolling back in her head, her tongue sticking out. Was she cumming?

She reduced her grinding motions slowly to a stop, and leaned back slightly, her pussy juices seemingly gushing out of her onto me. She sat there, catching her breath, my penis still very much inside her.

"Just give me a minute" she exhaled, taking another deep breathe. I too was tired and laid back flat, looking up at the fitting room lights above, and then over at the mirror, seeing both of our reflections, sweat dripping off of her nipples.

After about a minute I began feeling Vanessa move again. My dick was once again getting hard and soon enough we picked up where we left off. Vanessa was now back in her original position, yet pushed her body off and on my dick, taking me in ever so slowly. I could feel her labia lips slide around my shaft and soon my testicles began to tingle.

My breathing increased and Vanessa must have noticed my chest moving up and down rapidly. Yet she didn't increase her speed, but instead slowed down even more, taking me in and out centimeters at a time. I couldn't even move other than involuntary trembling. All I could do was watch as if my penis wasn't even part of my body.

Slower and slower she went, and yet my dick began to ache. I knew it wouldn't be long and like before, felt I should warn her.

"I'm gonna blow" was all I could say before I felt my testicles constrict and cum barreling out of me into her.

"Cum inside me" Vanessa kept screaming, louder each time, before finally trailing off.

I groaned loudly as semen kept flowing out of me. It seemed to never end, and I soon thought I was going to top off inside her and overflow. I soon felt I should pull out.

Yet Vanessa wouldn't let me, her hands wrapped around my cock tightly. "I want it all" she said, her eyes burning with desire.

Finally the last bit dripped out of me, and I collapsed in a fit of exhaustion.

Chapter IX

At first my dick slowly went limp, before finally slipping out of her wet pussy, a white glob flowing out after it. 

"That's it?" I expressed, puzzled at the lack of cum. That can't be all of it?

"Oh wait, there is much more" Vanessa answered, as she seemed to be pushing her Kegel muscles, her teeth clenched. Suddenly, a healthy stream of white jizz came flowing out of her, as if a milkshake had been spilled.

"Holy shit" we both said simultaneously, in shock with the amount of cum that had poured out. A huge puddle of cum now sat near the edge of the couch, and was already beginning to stain. We both looked up at each other and couldn't help but chuckle.

"I have never seen that much drip out of me" Vanessa said, her fingers scooping some left over cum that still clung inside. She then licked her fingers clean, as if it was fried chicken. "Still good" she smiled.

I quickly pulled my boxers and pants on, before running to the men's room nearby to grab some paper towels. Vanessa laid there, spread eagle, tracing her finger around her nipples, as if in post coital heat.

After I came out and cleaned up the mess the best I could, I looked over at her naked body, still in amazement at the events that had transpired. 

"We need to do this again" she wailed, rubbing her clit one last time before getting dressed.

Chapter X

It was the following Monday. As I walked into the break room I heard Vanessa's distinct voice, the first time I had heard it since that magical evening. 

She must have heard me as well, swinging her chair so she could now see me through the doorway.

I smiled and waved, dreaming about the next time we would be able to hook up again.

Vanessa must have been thinking the same thing and winked back. She then quickly looked over my shoulder to see if anyone was around before pulling her shirt down to reveal a tit, her tongue then touching the tip of her left nipple. My dick began to stiffen in my pants.

"Look at the schedule for tomorrow" she said gently, before turning around in her chair, giving off a somewhat sinister laugh. I quickly looked up at the whiteboard. Under closing were two names. Mine and Vanessa's.