 Adam always enjoyed it when he discovered that Alyssa was coming to stay for the week. She was a terrific cook. She was very easy going and funny, a terrific companion. With her long blonde hair, sexy legs and pouty, full lips, and light blue eyes, she was most assuredly easy on the eyes. Right now, stretched out on the couch while reading a magazine, she was wearing a very pretty piece of black lingerie and heels. Alyssa practically lived in lingerie and despite her 5'9" height; she would not have been caught dead in anything less than 3-inch heels. She was one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen and she loved sex, he knew that. They talked about sex all the time. She was very open and friendly, nothing was a taboo subject to her. She was a terrible flirt and Adam was very drawn to the 27-year old.

Yet Adam had never made a move on Alyssa, nor had she approached him. Despite the circumstances that had brought the two of them together, their relationship had remained pure, almost chaste.

Adam Austin had met Alyssa Diamont through his wife and Alyssa's husband, Jack. Jack and Nessa worked together and seemed to be turning into fast friends. They lunched together every day, but Adam wasn't troubled by that in the slightest. He and Nessa had been married for nearly a decade. They adored each other. He trusted her implicitly.

Maybe, upon reflection, he shouldn't have.

"We want to have an affair," Nessa told her husband and Alyssa one evening when the Diamonts' were over to dinner. "Jack and I really feel this -- incredible sexual chemistry and we know we're going to act on it eventually. We just don't want to do it behind your backs, so we're coming to you now before anything occurs."

"Oh, so we're supposed to just let you two fuck and not have a problem with it?" Alyssa said, her rage showing on her face. In the few times that Adam had been with Alyssa, he had never seen her anything less than charming and convivial. Now he could see that this was not the kind of woman you messed with if you were smart.

"It's going to happen Alyssa, whether you like it or not," Jack told his wife. Adam was pushing down his own anger and the urge to punch Jack Diamont in the mouth. He couldn't really warm to the man and never understood what his wife saw in the guy, although he supposed that Jack was good looking enough, in a roguish, Charlie Sheen kind-of way.

"Hear us out, please," Nessa asked her husband and Alyssa. "The four of us have both been married for nearly a decade. We four married young and haven't really been with anyone else. Jack and I have grown closer at work and we were talking to a few of our colleagues who told us -- well, quite frankly, they told us that they're swingers."

Alyssa was glaring at her husband who seemed to have a perpetually-bemused smile on his face. Adam resisted the urge to wipe it off with his fists and instead, he kept focused on Nessa. Truth be told, he wasn't much more thrilled about this turn of events than she was.

"They told us that they've had sex with a few other couples and it's kept the spice in their marriage," Nessa further explained. "Whenever they feel the need, they call up one of their couple friends or go to a party and let go of their inhibitions. When they return to their mates, they're sexually charged and they don't feel any need to cheat. It's all out in the open and all partners benefit," she told Alyssa and Adam.

"Why the hell should Adam or I go along with this?" Alyssa fumed.

Her husband's answer almost made Adam want to leap up and throttle him. "Because everything we own is in my name, I make all of the money and you like to spend it," he said with a smug tone. "Besides, you've told me that you think Adam is attractive and you know that I've told you if I were single, Nessa is the kind of woman I'd go after. This way, everyone gets what they want and we all win."

"You're probably wondering why you should agree to all of this, aren't you Adam?" Nessa smiled. She walked over to her husband. "Because darling, I was your first. You've never been with another woman and look at Alyssa. She's sensual and leggy and so intense. If I swung with women, I'd go for her in a shot. Here's your chance -- so why shouldn't we all give it a try and see how it goes? If it doesn't work, we can always just stop."

Adam knew better than to argue with Nessa when her mind was set on something. In most ways, she was a perfect wife and an incredible lover. She was far more sexual than he was, so he told her if that's what she wanted, she could try it. Alyssa pulled him into the kitchen and wanted a word with him. "I'm really not happy with any of this," she said to him. "Please don't think you're unattractive, if I happened to be single, I would go after you. You are a warm, good-looking man. But I simply don't want my husband screwing another woman."

Adam sighed. "I don't want this either," he told his friend. "But we both know that if we don't agree to this, they'll just sneak around behind our backs and do it anyway. This way at least we can keep the lines of communication open. Let's just let them try it and maybe they'll get it out of their system. You and I don't have to do anything we don't want to do, we won't play their game. I promise that I won't lay a hand on you, okay?" He grinned. Alyssa nodded and the two of them went back to tell their spouses they agreed to their terms.

It didn't get it out of their systems. Almost once a month, Nessa seemed to want to be with Jack, she told Adam that he was like a rutting bull in bed. "I like the slow, sensual way you make love darling," she would tell Adam, "But he fucks like a machine and sometimes a girl just needs that."

They finally agreed that once a month or so, the couples would change homes instead of going back and forth constantly. Alyssa came to stay with Jack and he got to looking forward to her visits. She always cooked fabulous meals, brought DVDs he hadn't seen and she became a good friend. She flirted with him outrageously. "You know darling, if you ever want to break our little agreement, I might be willing to go along with that," she would tease him. "Why should they have all the fun?"

"You and I are different people than they are," Adam would argue. "Their moral fiber isn't the same as ours, they live for thrills. We're more practical and down to earth. We just aren't the kind of people who cheat."

"Aren't you the least bit curious?" Alyssa would smile. She had an alluring smile, he could see that much.

"If I wasn't married, I'd be all over you," Adam answered her honestly. "You're funny and personable and ..."

"You forgot sexy," Alyssa pouted.

"Of course you're sexy and you know damned well that you are," Adam grinned. "I honestly don't understand your husband, he's got someone like you at home and he's still looking at other women. I know why my wife does the things she does, everything Nessa does is based on impulse. She was even the one that proposed to me," he told Alyssa.

"I didn't know that," Alyssa said, surprised at this revelation.

Adam nodded. "We'd only been going out 6 months. I was only 20 and she was just 19. Nessa told me she was sure I was the guy for her and she wanted us to get married. My friends told me I was nuts if I didn't go for it, she was blonde and gorgeous and her family had money. She got me a job working for her father's company and that was it. Now I think we might have been better off if we'd had some more experience."

"Probably. I married Jack because he was good in bed and because I wanted to get the hell out of my parent's home," Alyssa told Adam. "They both had alcohol problems and growing up was a nightmare. Aren't we a pair though?" She hugged Adam.

This night, they were just done watching a few episodes of a Britcom they both enjoyed when Nessa stormed into the house. The look on her face said it all. She was absolutely livid.

"That bastard," she swore, throwing her coat to the floor and her face contorted with rage. "That lousy, cheating, lying motherfucking creep!"

Alyssa was sitting beside Adam on the couch. Tonight she was all in clingy, sexy black lingerie and looked very tempting. There was also a bemused smile on Alyssa's face that puzzled Adam. "I take it something went wrong?" She said to Nessa in a cool tone that indicated she knew more than she had let on.

"Your husband ..." Nessa fumed "... is a liar and a cheat. It's not enough he gets to fuck me and he gets to fuck you, he's fucking two other girls at work and a couple of customers and he might even have a mistress on the side."

"My husband is a prick," Alyssa chuckled. "I realized that months ago. I wondered when you would finally catch on."

Nessa kicked off her shoes. She was wearing a very pretty dress and stockings and it was obvious she had been planning a night of hot sex with her lover. "So how can you possibly keep fucking that prick?" She asked Alyssa.

"I'm not," the other blonde answered honestly. "I haven't had sex with my husband since the day he made this little proposal. I told him he was free to do whatever he wanted with anyone else but he wasn't getting within an inch of me ever again." 

"I guess you're a lot smarter than I am," Nessa sighed. "Oh well, at least you've got Adam to fall back on."

"No, she doesn't," Adam spoke up. "We haven't had sex either."

Nessa looked at them both as if they were insane. "All this time and the two of you haven't fucked? Why the hell not?"

"Because neither of us really wanted this agreement and we thought we'd just let the two of you get it out of your systems," Adam said, a bit of righteous indignation finally creeping into his voice. "And now it seems it has."

"I felt the same way at first," Alyssa spoke up. "But lately, I've made some flirtatious overtures -- but he's just brushed them aside. He hasn't responded to any of them."

Nessa looked at her husband as if he was insane. "Again I ask -- why the hell not?"

"I thought she was only teasing me," Adam said.

"Sweetheart, when a woman dresses like that and she's as gorgeous as Alyssa, she isn't teasing," Nessa sighed. "I've been an idiot and so have you. I love you and you're right, it's out of my system. As for you -- don't be an idiot, the woman's interested. Go for it -- it's only right after everything that I've done to the both of you. I'm going to have something to eat, have a drink -- maybe even several drinks. You two go upstairs and fuck -- and if I don't hear you, you aren't doing it right. Alyssa, show my husband a good time. Adam, if you complain, I'm going to hit you over the head with a frying pan. You have my blessing, it isn't cheating, so go and do what you've probably wanted to do for several weeks now!"

Adam looked at Alyssa and for the first time, he actually allowed himself to think of her as a sexual partner. She was lovely and willing and truth be told, he had nearly succumbed on a few occasions. Not only that, there was a small, petty part of him that wanted to get something that Jack wasn't by fucking the slender, long-legged blonde.

Alyssa walked over to him and took his hand. She led him upstairs without saying a word and into his bedroom. They had slept together on one previous occasion, when the heat had gone out and they had huddled together for warmth. That had been a difficult night for Adam but he'd managed to quell his urges. That would not be necessary on this occasion.

"Let me have a little fun," Alyssa told him as he sat on the edge of the bed. He nodded and watched as she moved away from him. Dancing to a tune only she could hear, the lovely blonde began to put on a little show for the man she was about to take as a lover. Piece by piece her lingerie came off, unveiling a lean, well-toned body that was second to no one's.

"You must have a will of iron," Alyssa smiled as she straddled his lap. Her bare breasts were pressed against him. "I've never had anyone turn me down before." She let one of his coral-pink nipples slide into his mouth where he sucked upon it with a gentle, controlled sweetness.

"I honestly thought you were teasing," Adam sighed as he let her nipple escape his lips. "I'm not made of iron, I think if I'd known you were serious before, I might have succumbed sooner than this."

She offered him the other breast and his mouth was so loving and warm that Alyssa couldn't help but shudder in delight. "I'm sort of glad that you didn't. It makes this all the sweeter. It's like we've built up to it and we've also achieved some kind of victory over that rat I married."

"What are you going to do about that?" Adam asked as his new lover began unbuttoning his shirt.

"Haven't the foggiest," Alyssa sighed as she got his shirt off. "Don't know, don't care. Right now it's time for play. We've done this little dance for far too long handsome, get on your back. I plan to show you why my husband is a goddamned ass for screwing around on me."

There wasn't any part of Adam that doubted that. Women like Alyssa didn't come along every day and he knew that you treated them with kindness. You cherished them and you pampered them and made sure they knew how special they were. That's what Adam thought until continued thought was no longer possible. Her soft, full lips were now sliding over his skin as she tugged his pants and boxers off. This was a competent, remarkable woman he was with, that much he knew.

Her mouth began working away on the part of his body that needed stimulation, his cock. She gave wonderful head, this was a first-class blowjob that Adam was receiving and it was getting better with every minute. She seemed to like sucking cock, at least it looked that way from the happy grin on her face. Her tongue dabbed and whirled and she worked her way from base to tip. When she lifted her mouth from his shaft, her pale blue eyes looked at his with delight. "You have a wonderful, thick cock," she purred. "I'm going to love having that inside of me."

"Soon," he promised her. "Right now, I think it's only fair that I show you that I'm not a selfish lover. I love eating pussy and I'm sure yours is delicious."

"Come and find out," Alyssa smiled, stretching out on the bed. Unlike Nessa who was waxed completely bare, Alyssa had a small landing strip. He parted the labia and began to lick at her with concentration. Her groans were a compliment to his abilities. She was every bit as sweet as he had imagined she would be.

"Oh fuck, why the hell did Nessa ever give you up?" Alyssa groaned. "I can tell you this, my fucking husband can't eat pussy any where near as good as you do, you marvelous fucking bastard. Keep eating me, keep it up!"

"Deal, but no more talking about him," Adam said firmly. While what she had said earlier about their getting a small dose of revenge on Jack was true, he didn't want thoughts of that asshole intruding upon their time. She nodded and Adam returned to making her cum. Her howls reverberated around the room until her fists pounded the bed. Adam knew that he had made her climax.

"Amazing," she said to him. "Okay stud, it's time for the main event. It's been way too long since I've been fucked and I'm randy as hell. You're still hard, so please put that cock in me and fuck me like a bitch in heat. Really screw me, that's what I need, okay Adam?"

"The lady gets what the lady wants," Adam grinned. She got on all fours and he grabbed her hips. She had a beautiful backside, even the line of her back was sensual. In slid his cock and within a few minutes, he was fucking her with a fury he didn't know that he had. Was it pent-up anger from everything that had been going on or was it merely something Alyssa brought out in him or something else? Whatever it was, his cock was giving her a savage pounding, his hands were on her gorgeous tits and Alyssa was yelling out that she loved every minute of it and calling him all sorts of names that he found sexy as hell.

Adam had no idea how long he and the blonde fucked, but when they were done their doggy-style screwing, they were far from over. "If you think after one incredible fucking I'm going to let you stop without giving me another, think again mister," she told him. "I haven't shown you how good I am at cowgirl and we might even think up a few new things tonight," Alyssa laughed.

Alyssa got on top of him and began to slither and wriggle her sleek form up and down his shaft. She was so beautiful, quite possibly more so during the sex act. She seemed to get this glow about her and Adam was inspired to give her the kind of lovemaking she craved. His own energies hadn't even come close to waning yet, his hands and mouth covered her body with attention and her second climax was every bit as strong as her first.

"Damn," was the only thing that Adam could squeak out. It was a few moments after that when the bedroom door squeaked open and Nessa peaked in. Neither lover made any attempt at covering themselves, things were too far gone for false modesty.

"Well, it sounded to me like you were doing it right," Nessa said in a soft, conciliatory tone. "I'm glad that the two of you finally -- did the deed. I was just wondering -- would you mind very much if I joined the two of you?"

Here was a new wrinkle Adam had not counted on. He looked over at Alyssa who didn't know how to respond. Both of them looked back at Nessa. "I know that I have no right to ask, after all that's happened," she told them both. "I'm done with Jack -- finished. I can't believe what an arrogant jerk he was, especially after what I've overheard. You sound like you really know how to fuck Alyssa and it got me horny. I've been bi-curious for a while and I was thinking that maybe my husband deserves a little reward for being such a good guy. If you're not too upset with me, I thought we could give it to him."

Adam looked at Alyssa again. "It's your call," he said to her.

Alyssa nodded. "I think she's learned her lesson," she said to her lover. "Okay Nessa, as I've never made it with a woman before, this will be a first for everyone involved. Get out of those clothes and get in here with us."

Nessa was wearing only a small, red silk robe and she let it drop to the floor. Underneath it was a red bra and panty set and red stilettos. Adam had never seen them before but on his wife, it popped and sizzled. She approached the bed and moved in for a kiss, but it wasn't him that she kissed. It was his -- their -- new lover, Alyssa. The two women tangled tongues and sighs turned into whimpers as Alyssa drew the other blonde into bed with them.

"That felt wonderful," Nessa purred, her voice nearly hoarse with long-suppressed desire. "I had no idea it would feel that good, my pussy is tingling!"

"Mine too," Alyssa smiled. She pulled Nessa on top of her and their bodies rubbed together while they kissed. Adam just sat there and watched for a bit, content to let his lovers explore their new relationship. Alyssa's agile hands removed Nessa's lingerie and her mouth sought her nipples while her fingers slid down into the depths of Nessa's cunt and fingered her. Adam heard his wife make guttural groans unlike anything he had ever heard from her before. It was the sexiest sound he had ever heard.

"Fuh-FUCK!" Nessa moaned. "Let's eat each other's pussies, I've seen that in films and it always looks so sexy. I want to taste your sexy, lovely cunt while you eat mine!"

Alyssa was up for that, she found Nessa very sexy and she was no longer truly angry with her lover's wife. Nessa had been taken in by Jack and his smooth line as much as any woman, herself included. She and Nessa got into position and began to taste and lick and were soon totally involved with each other's bodies, writhing and seeking hot, wet flesh. The aroma of arousal began to fill the bedroom.
