 It was a routine transfer run, so there was little clean-up to do before returning to the station house. He sat in the chair at the head of the patient cot, his partner took advantage of the twenty minute return trip to lay on the unmade cot and relax. He looked at her lithe body stretched out in front of him, and thoughts of having sex with her filled his mind again. They were partners on and off during their shifts, and he had long imagined what she would be like. Her small frame was well formed. Tiny breasts over a trim waist, a gentle swell at her belly, and legs that went out of sight. Long dark hair cascaded over her shoulders, although sometimes, she would let him braid it for her. He cleared his mind and went back to some paperwork after the run. 

In the dimly lit cabin, he felt a hand rest on his leg, right near the bulge in his pants. He moved a bit, and the hand rested right on his growing erection. He looked down into his partners eyes, and she smiled and whispered "Yes". No time was wasted as he bent forward and started to unbutton her uniform blouse. Her fingers worked just as quickly on his shirt, and their chests were naked in seconds. "I always did wonder if you wore a bra." he said as he looked at her small A-cup breasts. She smiled softly "Not tonight." she whispered. The areola were small, but the nipples were thick and dark, stiff from the cool air and her arousal.

He licked both in turn, and moved to remove her belt and pants. She shed them as soon as he got them loose. He got up from the chair, and moved to the foot of the cot, where he let his pants slide to his ankles. She had spread her thighs and put her feet on the floor, giving him a perfect view of her trimmed kitty hair. A small patch of fur did nothing to obstruct the sight of her swollen vulva and the slick river of nectar that dripped down the cleft.

He lowered his face to her crotch, and inhaled the sweet, heavy musk of her aroused sex. He tasted it briefly, wanting to savor it longer, but time was of the essence. She caught a glimpse of the massive tool between his thighs.( She checked later and found it to be a solid eight inches of penis.)

He moved quickly between her thighs, she took the hot glans and placed it at the waiting hole of her vagina. She pulled his face towards hers, and kissed him hot. She tasted herself on his lips, and kissed him harder and deeper. His weight fell to her body, and he entered her smoothly. Her sex was wet and ready for the penetration, and took all of his length in one motion.

"Mmmmmm, feels so gooood" she moaned. "Oh, yeah. Fuck me with it." He knew that time was short, so he started to grind his pelvis against hers. In no time, they found a rhythm and were thrusting back at each other. It was a good thing the passage between the cabin and the driver was a sound resistant one. Their grunts and moans, combined with the slapping of their bellies, filled the cabin with sounds of heavy sex.

Her tongue filled his mouth at the same pace his penis filled her vagina, making it a two ended fuck of sorts. Her tight, hot, wet sex was more than he could last out for very long. "I'm going to cum soon." he announced, not knowing if she wanted him to pull out or not. (They hadn't talked about protection or preferences, although she was aware of his vasectomy several years ago.)

"I'm close!...... Don't cum yet!" she breathed. Her voice was strained, her flesh was wet with a sheen of sweat, and her breath came in gasps. He said he'd try, but no guarantees because he was very close, himself. "It's Okay, I'm almost there." she rasped. "Ohhh yesssss, omigod..... I'mmmmmmmmm cummmming!!! Fill me up with it! Shoot your hot stuff in meeeeeeeeee!!"

Her body was racked with shakes and shudders, her eyes were rolled back in her head, her head flung back with her mouth wide. Her release took over her whole body just as she felt him swell inside of her...his hot penis grew and pulsed, she could feel the flow coming up his shaft, then wash deep inside her tiny body. The hot jets filled her belly in a thick stream. They shook as one, trembling through the orgasm. He collapsed on top of her, breathing hard. "I...think... we better dress." he managed after a few seconds.

The felt the Ambulance slowing for the last turn just as the got seated where they should have been. The doors opened, and the ambulance backed in. She spoke softly, "That was really good work on that 'run', partner." They got out and went through the routine restock before heading to the showers. She turned and gave him a quick kiss. "There won't be anyone else in the Girl's shower" she whispered. He watched as she bounced across the garage floor on her way to the locker rooms.