 Being a huge fan of the late, great American artist Bill Ward and his gorgeous girlie art, I decided to pay homage to him by interpreting a few of his suggestive cartoons onto paper. 

Therefore, the following filth below is what I'd like to imagine occurred before the punchline of the cartoon. For best results, please don't skip to the end!

Sliding the dress strap from Nina's shoulder, Ronny pressed his lips onto her naked throat with slow, burning kisses. His hands slipped beneath the sheer black dress, cupping the heavy breast contained within her lace bra. Squeezing the heavy melon his fingers tweaked the growing nipple that hid there, causing a moan from the gorgeous woman who breathed heavy in their petting. As their mouths met in a fury of lustful kisses her hands reached down to gently caress his growing erection that stirred promisingly within his pants.

"Let me suck your cock," she spoke into his mouth. "I love sucking your big cock!"

"In time," he told her, adjusting himself on the couch so that he faced her beauteous breasts which now poked over the taut material of her little black dress. "I wanna play with these for a while ..." He peeled the dress straps off her shoulders, her already exposed cleavage revealing all to him, her magnificent globes cupped together by her laced black bra. She always did wear slutty lingerie. Immediately he was upon her, smothering her perfumed breasts with kisses, his hands squeezing, kneading the firm, round titties, tugging at the frilled edges to get at her erect nipples beneath. Popping each breast free, Ronny sucked upon each teat, gently biting the rubbery flesh, rolling his tongue around the bumpy nipple, savoring each succulent one.

"Mmmmm, yeah ... "Nina moaned, running her fingers across Ronny's shaved head, her painted fingernails scraping the hard skull. She peered down to see him staring up at her, his tongue flicking out at her left teat, licking the erect nipple eagerly. 

Kneeling on the couch Ronny's free hand made its way downwards, coming to a rest between her parted thighs. His fingers reached under her dress, touching stocking tops and hot, naked flesh. As his fingers wriggled between her legs he found her pussy, for the slut wore no panties. She was already soaking wet, her neatly trimmed pubes moist with her excitement, like grass glistening with early morning dew. His index finger easily slipped between her sopping slit, Nina gasping aloud, her body tensing once Ronny's finger dipped into her sensuous honey pot.

"So wet," he murmured, sucking on her left nipple whilst fingering her puss, his finger sliding up and down the wet valley of her cunt, his fingertip grazing off her clit before sliding down to dive into her honey pool. She moaned and squirmed in his grasp, clutching his head with one hand and squeezing her right breast with the other. She concentrated on his fingering through closed eyes, licking her thick, red lipstick mouth with her delicate pink tongue. God, he was good; up, down, in, out, his finger reaching all the important parts, swirling, thrusting, stabbing, tickling, her clit getting the full brunt of his sliding digit, his fingertip circling the tiny knob, bringing her closer, closer still, her breasts heaving, she gasping, panting, moaning, throwing her head from side to side, so fucking close now, she was going to cum, oh fuck, yeah, until with one last stroke of his finger her body exploded, her pussy climaxing a spray of orgasmic honey, Ronny's finger buried deep within her, she clenching her muscles around it, fuck, yeah!

Withdrawing from Nina's pussy, Ronny brought his finger to her mouth, she sitting up and greedily sucking upon the honey coated digit, tasting her juices that oozed from her. "Tasty," she smiled, licking the tip of his finger. 

Taking hold of her hand he helped her to her feet, he then pulling at her dress, over her hips, down her stocking thighs until she kicked it free with her high heel shoes. Reaching behind her she unhooked her bra, letting it fall to the floor, she now standing before him naked save for stockings and high heels. Truly gorgeous.

Standing over her, Nina sitting on the edge of the couch, she reached for Ronny's pants, tugging at his zipper as he slipped his charcoal colored t-shirt over his shoulders. "You gonna suck my cock now, slut?" he asked her, a silly question.

"Oh yeah," she told him, reaching into his zipper and pulling out his big, thick circumcised cock, while Ronny unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned his pants and let them slip to the floor. He now stood naked before her, except for white ankle socks. Knowing how women hated to fuck men who wore socks, he quickly pulled them off.

Nina, meanwhile, drew his cock towards her hungry mouth, lashing out with her tongue at his purple dome. Pulling upon the shaft she lowered her lips to him and slowly sucked him into her hot, wet cavern, wrapping her red lips around his cock. 

Ronny twitched at the sensation of her mouth around him, God, but she could suck cock. Staring down at her he watched mouth agape as she bobbed her head back and forth upon his rigid length, sucking noisily, whorishly, spitting him out to roll her tongue around his saliva-coated knob. "Suck it, suck it, slut!" he told her, she once more swallowing him, Ronny taking hold of her hair and drawing her towards him, his cock disappearing inch by inch between her slurping lips. Now gagging on cock, Ronny held her in place, her nose pressed against his pubic hair, her throat gurgling and choking as he thrust further into her, fucking he mouth with relentless gusto. Releasing the grip on her hair, Nina pulled away, letting his cock flop from her mouth, a thick mixture of pre-cum and saliva dangling from the glistening purple dome.

He took his erection in hand and slapped her face, Nina stretching out her tongue as Ronny smacked the tip of his knob off her. He smeared her face with the pre-cum oozing knob, she fighting to suck him into her mouth. She was successful, and instantaneously bobbed her head back and forth upon him.

"Fuck me!" she demanded, pulling on his sticky prick, "I want you to fuck me!" Letting go of his erection, Nina rose to her feet and turned her back to him, bending over onto the couch, presenting her curvaceous ass to him. Ronny slapped her naked buttocks, running his knob over her smooth cheeks.

With Nina kneeling on a cushion on one knee and supporting herself with her hands on the top of the couch she felt Ronny nudging her wet lips with the tip of his dome, and as he steadied her with his hands on her hips she gasped as he thrust into her, filling her aching pussy with thick, iron-hard cock.

"Oh yeah!" she groaned aloud, his cock plummeting in and out of her, rubbing deliciously off her engorged clit, his big, beautiful balls slapping against her ass. "Fuck me! Fuck me, you bastard!" she hollered, urging him onward, peering over her shoulder at him with a determined if horny grimace on her face. 

"Take it, slut, take my fucking cock!" Ronny grunted, his hips a blur as he hammered into the panting Nina, she squeezing his thumping cock as it pounded into her tight, wet puss. He reached for her hair and pulled her hair back, she letting out a moan. Ronny then pinched her buttocks before bringing his open palm down hard upon her ass, leaving a red mark there. 

She squealed, feeling him slap her again, loving the sensation of her ass burning in his wake. Her heavy breasts jutted to and fro, and she longed to feel his hands upon them. With one hand she reached between her legs to finger her clit; she rubbed her pussy, and then stretched her fingernails to scratch Ronny's fucking cock, trying desperately to grasp his swinging balls. Being fucked like this, doggy-style, he slapping her, his gorgeous cock tingling her clit, she came hard, moaning and groaning, screaming the fucking house down.

"You noisy slut," Ronny said, gripping her hips and thrusting upwards, hard. "Like being fucked by this big cock?"

"Oh yeah, Ronny," Nina moaned, backing against him. "I fucking love it! Fuck me with your big, hard cock!"

With a few more thrusts, Ronny withdrew from the dripping puss of Nina, his erection sticky and shiny with their juices. Helping Nina to her feet, Ronny promptly sat on the couch, pulling her ass-first onto him. Taking his cue, she took hold oh his cock and, guiding her pussy downward slowly sunk upon him, impaling her self on his throbbing prick. 

"Oh yeah!" she moaned, clenching him between her legs, feeling his cock vibrate within her, "oh yeah, fuck me!" Nina then began to bounce upon the thrusting Ronny, he lunging upwards as she pressed down hard. His hands reached around her to clasp her wobbling breasts, squeezing her magnificent melons in his palms. Nina groaned as he tugged and pinched her erect teats between thumb and fingers.

"Wanna fuck your asshole," Ronny muttered beneath her, pushing her off of him. She was expecting him to request that, actually no, she was hoping he'd ask her. She adored being fucked in the ass.

Slipping off him Nina climbed onto the couch, bending over the soft, round arm, presenting her well-slapped ass to Ronny, who approached her stroking his big, sticky cock. He had applied a liberal glob of lubricant (which had sat on the coffee table just in case) and shafting his erection, knelt in behind Nina who fingered her clit in anticipation.

"I love feeling your cock in my ass!" she cooed, as Ronny positioned his mushroomed knob into her tiny brown rose. 

"Gonna fuck your ass good, slut," he promised her, thrusting forward, his cock slowly disappearing into her anus. Nina let out a hiss of pleasure and pain through gritted teeth, she clawing the arm of the couch as he penetrated her more and more. He would then withdraw, she taking deep breaths before pressing home once more, this time his cock sliding deeper into her, almost to the hilt. Here he fucked her, thrusting with gentle strokes, building up to a steady rhythm, both of them enjoying the sensation, Nina fingering her clit, Ronny gripping her hips, she squeezing her anus around his thrusting cock. It was hot and sticky and sloppy and wet and Ronny loved it, he taking hold of her hair once more, pulling her head back, she letting out gracious, slutty groans.

"Oh fuck, Nina," he grunted, his cock plummeting in and out of her ass, his heavy balls slapping off her ass cheeks. "God, slut, you're too fucking much!"

"You gonna cum, Ronny?" she asked him through passionate breaths. "You gonna cum on my face, baby?"

"Fuck, yeah!" he gasped, feeling his cock swell within her slippery anus. "I wanna cum on your face!" Ronny suddenly withdrew from the asshole of Nina, his cock a sticky, throbbing chunk of meat, crying out for release. He pulled upon his glistening shaft as Nina squirmed round on the couch, kicking her stocking legs each side of the kneeling Ronny, allowing him an open target. Climbing upwards, Ronny crouched above the beautiful Nina, continuously pulling upon his cock, his orgasm imminent.

"Shoot in my mouth!" Nina ordered him, stretching out her tongue, her mouth widening. Ronny's cock was mere centimeters away from her face, his hand pulling and squeezing his twitchy shaft.

"Here it comes ..." he warned her, suddenly letting go a jet-stream of blazing hot cum, torrent of hot, salty cream splattering the tongue, lips and face of the moaning Nina. She gagged as a powerful bolt blasted the back of her throat, her mouth brimming with his orgasm, spilling from her lips and rolling off her chin.

"Fuck, yeah!" Ronny groaned, aiming his knob into her mouth, she sucking the tip of his sensitive cock, her hands reaching around his ass to steady him. "Fucking something else, babe," he sighed, contentedly.

"Mmmmm, yeah," Nina cooed, slurping his cum, licking her coated lips.

And then, their moment was broken by a figure that suddenly appeared at the living room door. "What the fuck?" he yelled, a look of dismay flushing his face. It was Nina's husband, home earlier than expected, and not a happy man.

"Rene!" Nina gasped, utterly mortified, pushing Ronny off of her, she struggling to her feet. "You're home, I, er – " 

"Hi, Rene," said a calm, grinning Ronny, who had slouched back in the couch, and merely waved at the irate husband. "How's it going?" 

Rene shook with disbelief. "Christ, Ronny," he said, "just because we swap wives at the weekend is no reason for you to be here on Wednesday!"

Fin