 It was late on a Tuesday evening. I was still at work with a huge deadline hanging over my head. I was exhausted and not sure what time I would get home. I was sitting at my desk looking at the stack of paper in front of me, imagining putting them in a pile and lighting them on fire. 

Everyone had left already I was alone in the office wondering why the hell I had been left on this shitty assignment. I heard a knock at the door and looked up. To my surprise Sophie was there, wearing a big winter coat. We had been texting so she knew I would be at the office. 

"Hey. What are you doing here?" 

"You're not happy to see me?" She asked me with a fake pained impression. 

"Of course I am! I'm always glad to see you. You just brighten up a very tough evening." 

"Yea you sounded so sad and frustrated in your texts. I thought I should just pop in and lift your spirits." 

I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her softly. She smelled incredible. 

"This definitely helps." 

"I wonder what you'll think of what else I brought." 

"Oh? Another surprise for me? You keep spoiling me." 

"Well you've been so good to me. I don't want you to think I don't appreciate all you do. Sit down at your desk." 

I followed her instructions. She pushed my chair back so she was standing between me and my desk. She turned around modeling her coat for me. 

"I realized that you spend 200$, and never got to see what you paid for." 

She opened up her coat and all she had underneath was the swimsuit I had bought for her a few weeks ago. She looked so stunning; my dick hardened immediately and tried to find an opening in my pants. She took off the coat and let it fall to the floor and there the Swedish beauty stood; in my office in a skimpy bikini that covered but did nothing to hide the perfection of her body. Her C cups were practically straining against the top. Her tight stomach and belly button were on full display as were her gorgeously long and slender legs. The bottom part of the bikini hugged tightly to her crotch; I could see the outline of her pussy. She turned around and her ass looked so good to eat. She put her hands on my desk and bent forward giving me and even better view. God I wanted her. 

"So what do you think?" She asked looking back at me as her ass continued to stare right at me. 

"I think that was the best 200$ I ever spent." She turned back towards me with a smile on her lips. 

"I love the way you look at me; almost as if I were the most beautiful girl in the world." 

"You're not." She seemed surprised. "You're a woman Sophie. The most gorgeous woman I've ever seen." 

I stood from my chair and walked towards her and grabbed her tightly. I kissed her deeply and passionately. She returned the kiss with equal fervor. My hands ran up and down her back, her skin was so warm and hot to the touch. I devoured her, I wanted her bad. I pushed her back making her sit on my desk. I kissed her jaw, her neck and ran my tongue on the top of her breast. I pulled her right breast out and latched my tongue to it, sucking the nipple and mauling it with my hand. I grabbed my chair and sat down. I was eye to eye with her covered pussy; I had to change that. She lay down on my desk allowing me to pull her bottoms off of her gorgeous legs. 

I didn't wait and licked her cunt from bottom to top. I repeated the process over and over again, adding more pressure whenever I reached her clit. She would moan loudly whenever that would happen. She tasted so good and her juices were running down from her tight cunt directly into my mouth. I grabbed her supple ass and squeezed her cheeks. She wrapped her legs around my head nearly suffocating me with her pussy. I would die a happy man, if only I could make her cum first. That's the only thing that mattered as I wrapped my lips around her clit and sucked hard running my tongue all over. 

I started pushing two fingers into her; she was so wet that they slipped in so easily. 

I sucked her clit harder and sped up my fingers into her drooling pussy. She started fucking against them moving her sexy hips. She grabbed my head hard and came with a scream that could have woken the dead and continued to feed me her delicious juices that I continued lapping up. She was so sweet I could not stop, I needed to have more. I continued licking her pussy until she came again, offering more of what I was requesting. I kept licking her until she asked me to stop. I got up and kissed her making her taste what had kept me latched onto her pussy this whole time. I could not remember the last time I wanted something this bad. 

I unbuckled my pants and dropped them down to my ankles along with my boxers. My dick was hard and long and needed some release. I grabbed her legs and put them on my shoulders and drove my dick right into her hot wet pussy. We both sighed. She felt so good, so tight. I wrapped my arms around both of her legs and started thrusting into her with long deep strokes; making damn sure she felt every inch of my invading member. I held on to her tits for leverage as I continued to drive into her and both of us towards orgasm. 

Sophie looked incredibly sexy lying on my desk getting fucked. Her tits were bouncing delightfully; her mouth was wide open as she moaned. Her eyes were shut tight as I continued my assault on her insides. Her pussy wrapped around me even tighter as she came once more. 

I pulled out of her she moaned feeling empty so quickly after being so full must have been disappointing for the lovely girl. I kissed her hard she wrapped her small hand around my cock and pumped me a few times. I turned her around, she placed her hands on the desk and pushed her butt at me, I gladly reentered her from behind and we quickly got our rhythm back. I pumped into her from behind loving the sight of her amazing cheeks as I slammed into her over and over again. I grabbed her hips and pulled her back into me. Sophie moaned "Fuck me! Fuck me!" She laid her head on my desk as I continued to pump her. The sound of my hips slamming against her ass was sexy as hell. My balls were hitting her clit driving her wild. We were both lost to our pleasures. "AHHHHHH H FUCK" Sophie screamed as she came once again. 

She lay motionless on the desk as if she was regaining her strength. 

"Sit down Tommy." I pulled out of her and sat on my chair. She backed into me and lowered her pussy onto my dick. Fucking me cowgirl style. I threw my head back. She sat on my lap and grabbed my desk and starting jumping on my pole. I wrapped my arms around her. Keeping her close to me and loving how good she fit around me. I wouldn't last much longer and I told her so. She hopped off my dick and put it right in her mouth. She sucked and jerked me off until I filled her mouth with so much cum. I had no idea I had so much just waiting to explode. I felt like I was coming for ages and my sweet Sophie never missed a beat. Continuing to swallow whatever I had to give. When I was finally empty she popped off my dick and smiled up at me in the sexiest fashion. She sat down on my lap and we made out for what seemed like a long time. I did not care that she had just drank my cum, I couldn't keep my hands off this sexy 18 year old. 

"Thank you for this. Thank you for coming. I needed it." 

"You're welcome. I should get going, and you still have some work to do." 

"You're right. How did you get here anyways?" 

"Borrowed my mom's car. You didn't think I'd come on the bus in just this suit right?" We laughed as she started getting dressed. I pulled my pants up and started tidying up my desk. Sophie kissed me again. 

"See you soon!" And just like that she was gone. I felt a lot better about my work and was able to get through the rest quickly with a smile on my face even. It's crazy the little things that can make you forget your troubles.