 I finish washing my hands, preparing for the last client for Sunday. I look over the room one last time to make sure everything is in order, and reset the play list on the iPod before I walk out into the waiting room.

I take a moment to look you over, seeing you chatting with a friend as you two sit in terry cloth robes and hope that you look my way when I say your name. My hands folded in front of my tight short as I call out your name with a smile. You look up at me, my smile broadening as I invite you to follow me.

Leading you down a dimly lit hallway, and opening the door as I let you go in first. The hint of your perfume following behind you, intoxicating me as I struggle for a moment to remain focused and follow you in. I walk over to the cabinet, pulling out a clean sheet as I ask if you have had a Swedish massage before. I catch you looking at me as I turn around, my train of thought faltering again as you respond that you have not.

I ask if you have any areas you want me to focus on in particular as I unfold the sheet. I drop it across the end of the table. I just can't help myself, and allow myself to be a little more personal than I usually am. My hand on your shoulder as I walk up close to you, my body almost touching yours. 

"It is ok to be nervous, but you are here to relax right?" I smile my reassurances. "I am going to leave for a moment to give you some privacy. If you would like to hang your robe up on the back of the door and lay face down and rest your forehead in the cradle" I gently rest my fingertips against the top of the bed as you follow my movement. "Just place the sheet on top of you, and I will be right back" I end with a smile as you nod your nervous understanding.

I step out into the hallway to collect my thoughts, trying to remain focused. Taking a deep breath as I attempt to force myself into a professional mind set. I knock gently as I turn the door handle, hearing you invite me in.

"Are you comfortable?" I ask, as I walk around to my oil table, picking out a bottle as you murmur your response back. I place the oil on the edge of the bed, gently rolling the sheet backwards and exposing your shoulders and back, stopping just below the small of your back. I breathe calmly, letting the music fill my ears so I pick up the tempo, allowing me to tie everything together as I fill my hand with some of the oil. 

I gently start at your shoulders, working my fingers against them, loosening your muscles. I work the oil into your skin as I kneed slowly down your back, sweeping my fingers up your back as the song carries on. I take my time, slowly working lower to the small of your back, stopping just before your body rises up under the sheet. I let my fingers caress back up your sides, losing my focus slowly as I let my training take over. I listen and watch your reaction, focusing on areas that you respond positively too.

I slowly drape the top of the sheet up to your shoulder blades as I walk back to your feet. I uncover up to your knees as I start to work your feet and calf muscles of each leg. Taking my time, as I work my way up higher. I pause after each leg to apply more massage oil to my hands, your body shining as I work my fingers against your skin. 

I raise the sheet up more, following your legs higher up as my fingers work to relax your muscles. Working higher and higher as I caress and relax your body as you respond. I suddenly snap back to reality, realizing you are letting out a soft moan. I glace down at the feel of strong heat and realize my fingers are just an inch away from your pussy lips. I slowly start back up again, my thumb grazing gently over the bottom of your tight little ass.

I know I should stop, I let my hands wander too far up. I shouldn't be so high I know, but I can't stop. The closeness of your body, your heavily breathing, and the smooth soft feel of your skin over takes me. My hands caressing more urgently, and watch as your legs part a little for me.

I can't let myself go any farther as I slowly pull my hands back, sliding the sheet down and almost hear you moan in disappointment. I realize I am growing hard too late as I lift the sheet up towards me so that you can roll over in privacy. Realizing too late as I feel it throb at your erection to the bulging tent in my dress pants.

"Any pain or tightness in the front I should focus on this afternoon?" I ask in my normal routine as I walk back to the end of the table. Catching a small smile on your lips as you tell me how sore your legs have been this weekend. My heart pounding in my chest as I know I am treading on dangerous ground, my hands exposing your legs up to your knees.

I take less time than usual on your feet, my fingers almost racing back up your legs. My cock growing as I remember the heat from your bare little pussy just out of my reach. I pull the sheet up a little too high, making it look like you have a tiny little dress on as I start to work more oil into your quad, starting below the knee with each leg.

I see you bite your lip as I caress higher up one leg, my fingertips gliding over your skin, dancing along the hem of the sheet. I take a risk, my lust getting the better of me as I glide my hands over your leg one last time, the tip of my finger nearly brushing against your pussy lips before I pull them back to work on your other leg. I work my way up slower, watching your reaction. My lust taking firmer control as I realize I am focused more on teasing you than I am giving you a massage.

My strong fingers caressing up the side of your leg, working back and forth as I inch higher and higher. I see your legs part for me more so than before, as I don't hesitate at the edge of the sheet. My fingertips disappear from sight, knowing this is too far as I look up at your face. Your eyes closed, mouth slightly open and I watch you gasp as the tips of my fingers glide over your swollen clit. I smile as I watch your reaction, forgetting that I am doing something terribly unethical as I slide forward more. Your legs parting as my fingertips slide between your pussy lips, grinding down then back up slower than before. I start to slide down again, even slower when you push your hips up towards my hand. My finger nearly sliding inside your dripping pussy before I pull back.

"Oh God, I am so sorry." I apologize as I stand at the edge of the massage bed as you sit up. My fingers wet form you and my cock painfully obvious, throbbing inside my pants. "I have never gone this far, and it is terribly unprofessional. I don't know what came over me." I watch you smile as you see my nervousness, and how aroused I am because of you.

What is left of my resolve and professionalism shatters as the sheet slides down to your tummy, exposing your perfect tits. You tell me that you came here to relax, and since I got you so worked up it would be unprofessional for me not to finish. Your smile ignites my lust as I grab your oiled legs, sliding you towards me. We both smile at my sudden boldness, your ass coming to rest at the edge of the table.

I lean down, bunching the sheet over your belly as I spread your legs. I feel your fingers slide through my hair as the tip of my hungry tongue flicks over your clit. I slowly suck on your clit, my tongue rolling over it as I let out a deep moan. My finger pressing against your wet lips, sinking deep inside you as I feel your fingers squeeze and pull my hair. I gently bite your clit, my finger hooking around inside to push and grind against your g spot.

Your moans muffled by the sensual massage music, as I listen to your gasps and pleads. My tongue dancing faster as I work a second finger inside. Filling your soaking wet little pussy as I work them in and out, grinding deep inside you as I feel your legs close around my neck. Looking up to see bite the sheet to muffle a moan as you cum all over my fingers. I slowly tease as your orgasm floods through you, your body twitching at my touch when I tease you as you start to come down from the high. 

I stand up as your eyes open to watch me undo my pants. My hard cock bouncing free as I take your hands in mine, helping you stand. Steadying you as your feet hit the carpet. You look up in my eyes and only see lust. Hungry, powerful lust as I slowly turn you around. I bend you over the massage table, your hands gripping either side as I spread your legs. 

You feel the head of my hard cock sliding up and down your dripping wet lips, grinding against your clit and starting to sink inside of you. You turn your head to ask if I have a condom, but the last half of the sentence catches in your throat as you feel me push inside. Your pussy stretching around my hard thick cock, as you feel every single inch slide deep inside.

My hands on your hips as I start to slide slowly and deeply in and out of you. You turn your head slightly to look back at me, reading the pleasure on my face as I slide inside of your tight dripping pussy. My hands slide up to your tight ass, squeezing hard as my lust consumes me. I start to fuck you faster, harder, as the table groans beneath us. Spanking your ass cheek as I pull you back against my powerful thrust. I squeeze both cheeks together as I pull you back towards me and push you away as I slide out. My cock soaked from your wet little pussy, as I slide in and out.

Spanking you again as I breath heavily, taking you faster and more urgently. "Oh fuck" I moan out as I feel myself getting closer. Squeezing your ass as I pound into you from behind, seeing it bounce with each deep thrust. You beg me to pull out, seeing I am beyond the point of no return as I spank you again. You moan out as I push you down against the table, your ass up in the air for me to take, as I slow down slightly. Long and deep strokes as you hear me moan out "oh God...". 

My body tenses, my fingers sinking into your tight ass, just before I lose all control. My thick cock explodes deep inside of you. My hot thick cum fills you completely, as I hold you tight against me. I pump every single drop inside of you as I feel you cum on my cock. I hold you close as our orgasms wash over us, keeping you in my arms as we catch our breaths.

"I hope that was a good finish to your spa day" I groan out as I stand up behind you, giving your tight little ass one last squeeze. Letting you feel my still hard cock slowly slide out of your swollen little pussy, our juices running down your leg as you look back at me with a smile.