 After a long boring evening at a dinner party, Karen was cleaning up after her daughter Jennifer and their babysitter Jerica an eighteen year old senior in high school. Karen had changed from her evening gown into a comfy pair of pj's and her bath robe. It felt really great to be out of her heels.

David, her husband, had just left to take Jerica home. They had always gotten along well and Jerica was always willing to work when they needed her. This made their lives easier as they went to lots of dinner parties for the bank where David worked.

She was about to throw a coke can in the trash when she noticed a condom in it. Subconsciously she reached in and picked it up. Her heart skipped a beat, holding it in her hand she noticed the tip reservoir was full, and besides that, it had a gloriously large amount of cum. In fact more cum than Karen had ever seen in a condom. Holding it in her had she could smell Jerica's sex that was still moist on the outside; Karen's pussy was starting to get wet, as her brain quit functioning. 

Without thinking she opened her mouth and sucked the used condom into her mouth. She could taste the sweet juices of Jerica's orgasm the big glob of thick white cum inside the condom from her babysitters boyfriend filled her mouth, it was so erotic and so forbidden. 

Karen's pussy was running like a mountain stream after the first snow melt, it was trickling past the elastic of her panties and running down her thigh. She rolled the full receptacle around in her mouth sucking the last of Jerica's pussy juice from it. All the man milk contained in side felt like a blob of jelly on her tongue. 

Karen pulled the condom from her mouth only to turn it around and put the base of it in her mouth. She sucked on the condom making it turn inside out in her wanting mouth depositing its contents on her tongue filling her throat and mouth. It tasted so sweet on her tongue; it had been ten years since she had tasted a man's cum that wasn't her husband's. This was a fresh taste and it filled her mouth two maybe three times as much as her husband's. 

Karen's hand slipped into her robe and began to rub her pussy, she was on fire her clit was swelling, and her nipples were hard. Pulling the empty condom from her mouth she swished the sperm around in her mouth before swallowing some. The thick goo felt so nice going down her throat. She swirled the rest in her mouth one last time before letting it disappear into her stomach. Her other hand was rubbing the condom between her fingers, it felt so erotic then slowly her mind came back to where she was and what she was doing. 

Her panties were soaked she had a strange man's empty condom in her hand and she had just swallowed the contents after licking pussy juice from it. 

Embarrassed she reached to put it in the trash where she had found it, only this time making sure it was covered by paper or other trash. Moving some paper she noticed, to her amazement, there were two other condoms in there. They too were both full of cum and maybe more than the last one she had. 

Her mind raced; sweet Jerica their eighteen year old baby sitter had had sex in her house. Her boy friend was a stud; either that or she was a slut and had fucked three boys! 

Karen's hand was still rubbing her pussy, her tits were on tingling. She stood there looking at all the cum wrapped in latex, her shoulders slumped, making her bath robe slip free and fall to the ground. 

She had to let loose of her pussy to get her arm free, it was hard to do as she wanted to have that boy or boys fucking her just as they had just fucked Jerica hours or maybe only minutes before. 

She reached up and grabbed her nipples, squeezing them hard and palming her C cup tits. The material felt good on them but she wanted them free. Lifting the night gown over her head she let it drop to the floor beside her bath robe. One hand went back to her pussy the other to her tits fondling one and then the other. 

Karen stared down into the trash at the two full condoms, the taste of the first still on her tongue. She needed to have them. She picked them both up and carefully placed one on the counter making sure that the contents didn't spill. 

She raised the other to her mouth like she had the first, slowly dropping it into her mouth just like before, wanting to savor the flavor of her baby sitter. Her hand had found its way inside her panties, her fingers rubbing her clit like only she knew how. 

Her eyes were closed as the tip of the condom touched her tongue. Her lips closed and she sucked the full condom deep its contents safe from spilling. From across the room her husband stood in amazement watching his naked wife in their kitchen sucking on a used condom. 

His dick grew hard in an instant as he watched his sexy wife play with her clit in her cum soaked panties. 

David unzipped his pants and was standing there stroking his long thin dick. He gasped when Karen opened her eyes to turn the condom around and suck the contents into her mouth. 

Her face went beet red, seeing her husband stroking his dick, looking at her in a lustful way. She had been caught sucking a used condom! She was unable to stop though, the scent of the cum was too much, so she lifted it to her mouth and sucked the contents in while staring at her husband the entire time. 

Her mouth full she pulled the condom out letting the last bit of cum string from it to her exposed tongue. 

David was on fire with lust, watching his wife fingers working her pussy hard, cum filling her mouth. A string had fallen and was drooped over her lip to her chin. David groaned and released his dick, he did not want to cum like that. 

He wanted to fuck his wife and fill her cunt. He stepped forward and held his wife tight, her breasts forced onto his hairy chest as he cupped her ass with both hands and worked them under her panties. He looked up at her and licked the cum from her lips and chin. 

Looking down at her all he said was, "Show me". Karen's eyes glowed with desire she opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue. Mouth full of some unknown mans cum. Closing her mouth she swallowed looking back up she opened her mouth again. 

David leaned down and kissed her deep rubbing his stiff dick into her stomach as he did. Their tongues danced, swirling the cum between then each savoring it as they kissed. It was eventually all swallowed and disappeared. 

David slowly left her lips let his tongue trail down to her exposed tits sucking them deep into his mouth. Both were rich with desire. "What got you into such a cum slut kind of mood?" David asks Karen.

Karen blushed and showed him the last condom "I saw one in the trash' I don't know what got over me but I tasted Jerica's pussy juice on the outside and went wild!"

She was still holding her husband close "I have never in my life felt this way, my whole body aches for sex."

Holding the last condom in her hands, she stares at her husband through desire streaked eyes "Want to share honey? There were three, we just swallowed the second. They are so fucking full look at them, and Jerica tastes so fresh it just lit my body on fire." She was holding it in the air between them. 

David opened his mouth in answer wanting to taste her. Karen slowly lowered it to his mouth, it slid down his tongue as he sucked Jerica's juices from the condom making her moaned with delight. His hand had found Karen's pussy, and was slowly working it.  

Karen was wiggling and panting, horny as the teenagers who had been fucking in their house while they were out. She pulled it free of her husband's mouth, "My turn", and she placed its opening to her mouth and sucked half into her lips swirling it on her tongue then showed him again. 

Then she turned it upside down, letting the last of the cum trickle onto her tits. It slipped out in a long stream. She made it stretch from one nipple to the other and the last big blob went running down her tit to her belly. 

David wasted no time in catching it before it got away. Then he went to licking it off her nipples playing with the thick cream using his tongue to chase it all over her chest tits and nipples. 

Karen had savored the last of the juice in her mouth as long as she could but that too was now gone. Desire and lust took over both of them David picked up Karen by her ass and placed her on the kitchen table. Grabbing and pulling her panties off as she leaned back. 

Stepping forward he shoved his dick deep and hard into his wife her cunt was soaking wet and took him with ease. Her legs went up and around his back. 

"Oh Fuck!" she cried "Fuck me, God David, Fuck me hard. Fill me with your cum!" 

David needed little encouragement his body was on fire with desire for his nasty cum sucking wife. Never in his life had he seen a side of her like this. 

Her body was hot and filled with lust he used long hard thrusts. His thin dick pounded and probed at the opening of her womb. Karen's fingers were digging into his back. Her pussy was spread wide and open trying to get as much of him in her as possible, her cunt was dripping, a flood running down her ass. 

Karen panted and breathed hard her pussy was swollen it felt like a fire on her clit every time her husband's body came crushing into it. With a loud guttural groan Karen came hard. Her juices came squirting out of her pussy and around David's dick the pressure on his cock head was intense. 

He bucked hard and soon his thick white cum was mixing with Karen's they both continued to fuck and orgasm together neither wanting it to end and come down but slowly they did. 

As David pulled free he could see copious amounts of his thick white cream starting to ooze out of her spread puffy cunt, he dropped to his knees and started to lick it clean sucking and gathering as much as he could. His touch was all Karen needed to cum again. 

As her orgasm subsided David climbed back up her body and kissed her hard sharing the last of their cum with her. He stood up exhausted looking down at his wife she still had that look of desire in her eyes. 

Karen dropped to her knees and took her husband into her mouth. She had never given him oral sex after they fucked but tonight, she was hungry for sex, any sex, all sex. She was amazed at how good his cum covered cock tasted not at all like she had imagined before. This was a good taste rich with his fresh cum intermixed with hers. 

She had tasted herself on her husband's lips after he gave her oral sex but until tonight her pussy was all she had ever tasted. Tonight she wanted to taste everything she could. 

David's dick was raging hard again. He picked up his wife and carried up stairs to their bed room he sat her on the bed and turned her to her hands and knees at the corner of their large bed. 

He licks at her exposed ass and pussy a couple times, savoring what was running from her freshly fucked pussy. Rubbing his dick up and down her slit, he then shoves his dick deep and hard into her, fucking her with all of his might from behind. 

Standing behind his wife fucking her he could see her terrific ass, it bounced and shook with every thrust looking at the mirror across the room, he could see her tits bouncing and swaying. 

She pushed back at him with every thrust of his dick hoping to find that it had somehow grown longer since the last thrust. Her body started to shake uncontrollably. 

David was now pulling her to him with one hand and had his other on her clit rubbing it hard. His dick was long hard and thin reaching deep into his wife's pussy amazed at how excited she had gotten tonight. 

Karen's orgasm was huge her body was slamming back at her husband uncontrollably she was leaking cum all around his dick her orgasm was beginning to roll through her body and then roll again. Her pussy was grasping at the dick as it slammed again and again into her. 

David was staring at the face in the mirror contorted in orgasm. His balls twitched and his dick swelled and he began to shoot string after long string of his cum deep into his wife, her pussy was holding his dick tight and their juices were coating him everywhere. He moaned as he came and Karen was screaming for him to fuck her harder. 

They were both begging for all the other had. It seemed to last and last but in reality it was over all too soon. Karen fell forward onto the bed and David collapsed beside her, holding her tight they lay there and kissed cuddling and trying to catch their breath. 

David reached over and pulled the blanket as best he could over his wife and him. Staring into each other eyes Karen was the first to speak, "God that was terrific! I don't know when I came so hard." 

"You were terrific baby" David responded "You have no idea how sexy you looked when I came into the kitchen. Your entire body was aglow with desire. I wanted to have you that moment right there. I love you Karen, I love you truly."

They lay there a while and Karen spoke up "Did you see how much cum was in those condoms? Not to be insulting but there had to be twice as much as you cum. It was so much. I wonder what it would feel like having that much fill my pussy. It has to be so fucking good to be filled with that much cum."

We lay there a while when David ask her "Would you want to get fucked by her boy friend and find out?"

"Yes David it's only a dream but it would be great to be filled two or three times like that not in a condom but in my pussy deep and hard."

They adjusted to the middle of the bed and fell asleep naked in each other arms dreaming of their wonderful evening.

*

written by Zues2u2

Edited by Dradys1 