 Gary's shift ended at midnight. After a de-brief with his lieutenant, he walked out of the precinct to begin his weekend - actually a Monday and Tuesday - off. It'd been a tough day, and he decided to get in a workout; needing to burn off some energy before going home.

Arriving at his preferred gym, a 24-hour place not far from his apartment, he changed his clothes, and - wearing a pair of loose, dark gray, cotton shorts, and a light blue LAPD t-shirt - began warming up by jogging on a treadmill. Thankfully, the music coming from the ceiling speakers was set to a slightly more tolerable level at night, allowing him to think as he ran.

He noticed a woman working on the leg press. He'd seen her here a few times, and her outfits always reminded him of one of those wanna-be superheroes in the movie Mystery Men. Tonight, she wore an oversized, cut-up pink Hello, Kitty t-shirt - Gary could see the straps of a black sports bra wrapping over the top of her broad shoulders - black Spandex short shorts, and mismatched, white, thigh high tube socks - one with red stripes, the other blue. On her head, a neon-orange baseball cap, worn backwards, covered two purple-tinted pigtails tied with pink and purple ribbons.

Though he tried to keep to himself during his late-night sessions, he couldn't avoid forming at least minimal acquaintances with the other graveyard exercisers, and he tried to recall her name. Despite her outlandish clothing, and being bathed in sweat, he thought her gorgeous. She had a pretty face, and her skin possessed a deep tan. Gary guessed her to be about 5'2", and maybe 100 pounds soaking wet. He stole a few long glances at her well-toned body; even from across the large room he could appreciate the definition in the muscles of her legs.

He wasn't the only one watching her. On the opposite side of the gym, three more sets of eyes traced over her body as she picked up a pair of dumbbells and began doing squats. Gary slowed his pace to a walk for two minutes before he stopped; deciding to hit the circuit.

"Imogen," he said to no one. "That's it."

Raising his eyes to the mirrored wall, he looked at her as he confirmed her name in his own mind. Three men stood close - too close - to her. They were talking to her, but she didn't interrupt her workout, obviously doing her best to ignore them. Either they didn't take the hint, or didn't care that she wasn't interested. All three were huge; gym rats who seemingly lived here. Gary wondered silently why they were talking to her.

Their balls are probably so shriveled from the 'roids, they couldn't do anything with her, he thought.

Gary kept one eye on them as he began doing stomach crunches. The one who seemed to be the leader leaned back to ogle her ass as she performed another squat. Noticing this, she stood, and turned to confront him. Gary could hear her raised voice above the music and stopped exercising. He turned his head toward the attendant - back-up, he hoped. The kid sat at the front desk, facing the entrance, obliviously bopping his head to whatever forgettable Pop tune was currently pumping through the earbuds plugged into his iPod.

The two companions laughed at the woman's angry reaction and she turned to loose her venom upon them as well. Gary rose, and used a towel to wipe away the perspiration coating his face. He quickly traversed the space between himself and the quartet, sizing up the three men as he went. The leader, Gary remembered hearing someone call him Bar, was easily 6'4" - a full four inches taller than Gary - and his shaved head served to make him appear more menacing. A sleeveless, black, Affliction t-shirt stretched over his massive upper body.

Bar had been working out before approaching the woman, but Gary didn't see a bead of sweat on him. His buddies weren't as tall, but just as ripped. Though strong, and well-toned from his regular workouts, Gary realized that in a physical confrontation he'd be hard pressed to deal with any one of these guys, much less be able to handle all three at once.

"Something wrong?" he asked, trying to affect a reasonable tone.

As the four turned to face him, he watched their eyes trace over the letters on his shirt and hoped it might be enough to defuse the situation. The woman, a determined look on her face, stood her ground as the three men focused their attention on Gary.

"This don't concern you," Bar said.

Gary didn't retreat, even as the other two men each took half a step toward him. 

"Of course it does, Bar," Gary said, hoping that letting this Goliath know he knew his name would help.

"I'm just trying to compliment this stuck up bit..." Bar began.

"Looks like she just wants to workout, dude," Gary said.

A four-way stare down ensued. Several seconds passed and Gary fought to keep his face and body from betraying the stress he felt. He couldn't show weakness or fear, nor could he portray too much confidence. Just as he was about to give up hope of a peaceful resolution, Bar gave in.

"Come on guys," Bar said, edging past Gary. "Let's go."

The three men walked away slowly - muttering to each other as they went. Gary watched them until they resumed their workouts, then turned back to the woman. She too continued exercising.

"Are you OK?" he asked.

She glared at him, as if trying to bore through his skull with her bright, pale-blue eyes.

"I didn't need your help," she hissed.

"What..." he began, caught off guard by her attitude.

"I don't need some knight in shining armor to save me," she said, pausing her exertions. "I do Tae Kwon Do, I was about to knock them on their asses."

"Really?" he said, more than asked. "All three of them?"

She stared at him defiantly, saying nothing.

"Well, OK then," he said, finally, as he turned away. "You're welcome."

He returned to the treadmill, deciding he'd cool down before leaving. Of course, he figured, even running at full speed couldn't make his heart beat any faster than its current tempo. Though sure they wouldn't bother the woman again - at least not tonight - he kept his eyes on the three lunks. Walking at a fast pace, he gripped the handles as the adrenaline pumping though his system burned off. 20 minutes later, he grabbed his backpack from his locker, and walked out the front door, still wearing his shorts and t-shirt. His car was barely 30 feet from the door

The main benefits of working out in the middle of the night, he thought, were the lack of crowds around the exercise machines and in the parking lot.

"Hey," said a female voice behind him.

Turning, he faced the woman.

"Yes," he said, unenthusiastically.

"I'm sorry," she said. "I just...I didn't mean to sound like a bitch in there."

"It's OK," Gary said. "I'll survive."

"No, it's not," she said. "I'm not always like that. I mean, it happens all the time. Well, not usually three of them, but guys harassing me while I work out. That's why I come here at night; there are fewer assholes...generally.

He remained silent.

"I didn't mean to bite your head off. I know you were just trying to help, but I don't need a man to step in and protect me," she said.

"I'm used to it," he said. "I run into a lot of less than appreciative people at work."

"What do you do?" she asked.

He pointed at the front of his shirt.

"Oh," she said. "I didn't know that was for real."

"I'm Gary," he said, holding out his hand.

"Gen, with a G," she said, taking it. "I've seen you around here once in a while."

"I come here after work a few times a week," he said. "It helps me decompress after a long day."

"Me, too" she said. "This and the martial arts. I wasn't kidding about that."

"I wasn't doubting your word," he assured her.

"You should try it," Gen said. "It's terrific."

"I tried Origami once," he said. "I wasn't very good."

She rolled her eyes, deflecting his attempt at humor. Glancing up and down his body, she took a step closer to him.

"Look," she said, "would you like to go get a drink or something?"

He glanced at his watch.

"It's almost 2:00," he said.

"There are still some places open," she told him.

"I didn't shower," he said. "I was going to take one when I got home."

"Well," she said, stepping even closer to him, "I have some beer and stuff at my place."

"Stuff?" he questioned.

"Some vodka, whiskey, and a little tequila," she said.

"I should probably get home," he said. "I'm a bit smelly."

"I have a shower, too," she coaxed, reaching out to touch his arm. "It's big enough for two."

He remained silent. Somewhat shocked by her statement, he wasn't sure how to react, or what to say.

"Come on," she said, looking into his brown eyes, "I've got energy left."

"Look, I don't want to take advantage of you," he said, raking his fingers through his sweat-matted, curly, dark-brown hair.

"What do you mean?" she asked. "You're not 'taking advantage.' This isn't some 'I just avoided death and now I'm horny' syndrome. I think you're attractive, and I think you think I'm attractive, so let's go back my place, have a drink, take a shower, and see what happens."

Her words hung in the air for a few moments.

"OK," he said.

A wide smile creased her face.

"Cool," she said as she turned and ran toward the gym. "Let me grab my stuff. I'll be right back."

Tossing his pack into the car, he leaned against the front fender, and waited. Gen re-emerged a few minutes later.

"Follow me," she called out, as she jogged toward a pink Volkswagen Beetle.

He did as he was told.

Five minutes later, they reached Gen's apartment. Gary realized she lived no more than 10 or 15 minutes from his house - depending on LA traffic.

"Bring your handcuffs," she said, as he left the car.

He stopped and looked at her, unsure if she was serious.

"Come on," she yelled, waving him toward the building.

Gary picked up his bag, exited, and clicked the remote to arm his alarm. Unzipping the pack, he fished around for his cuffs as he walked to her open door. She'd already gone inside. Out of habit, he entered slowly, letting his eyes scan everything. The living room was small, but appeared clean and organized. Gen stood beside a wooden cabinet, pouring tequila into a frosted tumbler. She'd already removed her t-shirt and tennis shoes. His eyes were drawn to the purple and green flower tattoo on her left arm. It stretched from her elbow almost to her shoulder.

"You want something?" she asked, pointing to a collection of bottles.

"No, I'm OK," he answered, as he closed the front door.

After taking a long drink, she walked toward him. She set her glass on the coffee table as she approached.

"Well, then, let's get to it," Gen said.

She grabbed his t-shirt, and pulled, leading him down a short hallway, to a bedroom.

"Are you gonna put those on me?" she asked, turning toward him and letting her eyes drop to the handcuffs hanging from the waistband of his shorts.

"Is that what you want?" he asked, looking at her well-defined abdominal muscles.

"Oh, I want a lot more than that," she said.

She lifted her sports bra, exposing her perky B-cup breasts. His eyes lingered on her dark nipples. He lowered his bag to the floor, then reached out to touch her, but she turned away from him.

"If you want it," she said, moving to the side of the bed, "you have to come take it."

He pulled off his t-shirt and dropped it. As his eyes returned to her, she jumped at him, her right hand balled into a fist, and tried to hit him.

"What the fuck?" he cried, deflecting the blow.

Her left fist came toward his chest. He caught hold of her wrist as her knuckles made contact. Twisting her arm violently, he spun them both, and forced her left arm up behind her back. Gary slammed her, chest first, against the doorframe, and pushed his right shoulder into the middle of her back. His brain caught up with his body's defensive reaction.

"Shit, I'm sorry," he said, loudly, as she gasped.

He stepped back, releasing her arm. She spun around to face him.

"Look, I just reacted," he said, apologizing again.

"Fucking pussy," she said, punching him in the chest.

She tried to grab him, but he repeated his earlier actions, and again she found herself driven to the wooden casing.

"You crazy bitch," he growled.

"Fuck me now," she grunted.

"What?" he asked in return.

"I didn't bring you over here to sweep me off my feet and make sweet, gentle love to me," she said.

With his left hand, he reached up and pulled one of her pigtails, dragging her back.

"You want me to fuck you like a whore?" he asked.

She strained to look at him out of the corner of her eye.

"Don't fucking ask me," she hissed. "Just take what you want."

He released her hair and pulled the handcuffs from his pants. Roughly forcing both hands behind her back, he secured them. Using his bulk to hold her in place, he ran his hands over her body. He let his fingers slide between the cheeks of her spandex-covered ass. She stiffened.

"You like that, do you?" he asked, rhetorically.

Before she could answer, he grabbed her hair again. Her words dissolved into a moan. Gary toed off his sneakers, then used his free hand to push down his shorts. His hardening cock pressed against Gen's ass.

"That's more like it," she whispered.

Bending slightly, he slipped off his socks. Straightening, he pulled her from the doorway, and threw her on the bed, face down.

"Cocksuc..." she began.

Once more pressing his body against hers, he put his lips to her ear.

"Don't fucking move," he ordered.

Gripping the waistband of her shorts, he yanked them down her legs. Her socks bunched up on the pants, and he struggled to work all three items over her ankles, tossing them aside. Noticing she had no tan lines, he smiled. Climbing on top of her, he let his cock slither up the crack of her ass.

"Yessss," she said, as she caressed his balls.

Gary sighed as her fingers fondled his thick shaft, then awkwardly tried to stroke up and down the length. He pulled back, sliding down her body and knelt of the floor. Gen tried to twist her body and look at him, but he grabbed her thighs and violently flipped her onto her back. Forcing her legs apart, he took a few moments to gaze at her bald cunt - he thought it beautiful. Reaching upward once more, he dragged her toward him, until the bottom of her ass hung over the edge.

He could smell her, the scent of her sex mixed with sweat, pungent but not unpleasant, and he found it almost intoxicating. Gen attempted to wrap her legs around his head, trying to pull him into her. Ducking away, he again opened her legs. Before she could react, he moved his face upward and pushed his tongue against her clit.

"Fuuuuck," she cried out as her ass lifted from the bed.

Gary shoved her down as he continued licking her; his tongue skimmed along her outer lips, then up the middle, returning to her clit. Her legs slipped over his shoulders and she began to grind against his face.

"That's what I want," Gen cooed. "Eat that pussy."

His right hand drifted between her legs and he nudged two fingers into her wetness.

"Yes, fuck it," she demanded.

Poking his fingers deeper, he rotated them gently, lubricating them completely, then slowly worked them in and out as she moaned. He could feel the tension building in her body; her muscles straining; her cunt squashing his fingers.

"Is this what you want?" he asked, removing his mouth from her flesh.

Her head rose, and she looked at him, but her answer disappeared in a gasp as his tongue found her clit once more. She wiggled on the bed, and he fought to stay with her.

"Cum," she managed to say, the word formed with ragged breath. "I'm gonna cum."

Gary curled his fingers inside her, making the come here sign, massaging her G-spot. Her body stiffened, arching high into the air. She began to convulse as an orgasm ripped through her.

"Fuck," she grunted, loudly, even while fighting for air.

Pulling his fingers out of her, he slipped both hands underneath to cup her ass. Squeezing her cheeks hard, he lifted her hips as he awkwardly climbed up to kneel on the bed. Her shoulders remained on the bed, and she looked at him, staring into his eyes as he thrust his tongue into her pussy. He held her there for more than a minute as she quivered.

Gen's orgasm subsided slowly, and Gary gently lowered her into his lap; his hard cock poking her ass.

"Are you gonna give me that?" she asked in a whisper.

Her eyes inspected his damp chest and stomach.

"There are condoms and lube in the nightstand," she said, tilting her head to the right.

"Not yet," he said.

Moving to his right, he let her ass drop to the bed, and then he lay down against her left side. Leaning in, he kissed her, pushing his tongue against hers, and she tasted herself on his mouth. Gen tried to turn her body toward him, but he forced her down, and backed away. Twisting his torso, he let his right hand march over her skin, tickling her side before slipping between her legs.

Once more, his fingers entered her, sinking deep. As she reacted to this, the fingers of his left hand found her clit. She moaned loudly, and he licked her stomach.

"Oh, God," she hissed as his lips traveled over her flesh, leaving a trail in the salty sweat covering her.

Gary made no pretense of being gentle now, ramming two fingers into her slick cunt as he rubbed her clit hard and fast. She squirmed, begging him to make her cum again. It didn't take long. Her pussy constricted around his fingers, she inhaled deeply, held her breath for several seconds, then her body jerked, and she cried out. Turning his head, he watched Gen as she came, a grimace of pleasure and pain on her face.

"That's right," he urged, "cum all over my fingers."

He paused his efforts, remaining still as she writhed under him. Her second orgasm faded quickly, her eyes opened, and she saw him looking at her. Turning away, she tried to bury her face in the rumpled covers of the bed. He smiled at her shyness.

"You're very pretty when you cum," Gary said.

"Fuck you," she mumbled.

He let his fingers slip from her and she groaned. Reaching up, he pressed them against her lips, smearing her juices from her chin to her nose.

"Not very lady-like, are you?" he asked, rhetorically.

"Would you rather I play the submissive little woman?" she sneered.

"Clean them off," he ordered, ignoring her question.

Her lips parted and she took his fingers into her mouth, swirling her tongue around them. Finished, she bit him gently, and he pulled away from her, shaking his hand.

"Is that all I get to suck?" she asked.

Without responding, he lowered himself to the bed, lying on his back. Still handcuffed, she struggled to roll over and turn her body. Leaning close, she licked his left nipple, and he moaned. Glancing up at his face, she lapped at the erect nub several times. He looked into her eyes, she winked, and began sliding down his body, planting kisses as she went.

Gen's chest reached Gary's crotch. Slowly, she twisted her body, maneuvering left and right; back and forth; rubbing against his shaft. He reached out and grabbed her head, pulling her pigtails. She groaned as he forced her toward his cock. Opening her mouth, she surprised him by taking the head between her lips. Sucking hard, she flicked the tip with her tongue.

"Fuck," Gary exhaled, his hips rising slightly.

She shook her head and his hands dropped to the bed as his strength seemed to drain away. Her mouth did not leave his cock, instead taking half his length. Even as he fought for his own breath, he could hear her inhaling deeply through her nose. Over the next minute, she managed to take him all, letting the head slide into her throat.

"Suck that dick," he pleaded.

Suddenly, she pulled away, releasing him from her mouth. He tried to grab her again, but she avoided him. Sitting back on her haunches, she admired his cock, finally getting a good look at it. It had stretched her lips, and she estimated it at least seven inches long. Rotating her body, she straddled him, nearly falling backward before catching herself.
