 It had been a week since I had that unforgettable trip to the mall and met Sophie. I had given her my card in hopes she may try to reach out again. Since she hadn't I figured she just wasn't interested. I was home on a Sunday evening cleaning my apartment and doing some laundry getting ready for another long week ahead. As I was about to put in a load of whites my phone began to buzz. I reached for it not recognizing the number. 

"Hello?" 

"Hi Tommy!" I recognized that accent right away. It was the Swedish bombshell. Just hearing her voice made me hard again, thinking back to that wonderful tryst. I didn't want to seem too eager though, remember how not giving in so easily the last time had worked to my advantage. 

"Yes, who am I speaking with?" I asked in a very formal tone. 

"It's Sophie. Remember from the mall last weekend?" 

"Oh yes of course. How can I help you?" She took a beat, a little shocked at my lack of emotion and excitement at her giving me a call.

"Huh, well I was at the mall and I saw this swimsuit that would look great." 

"Okay." 

"Well I was wondering if maybe. If maybe you know." 

"If maybe what Sophie?" 

"We could maybe do like last time?" 

I smiled. Another chance at a blowjob from her was quite enticing. She wasn't the best cocksucker but she was hot young and very enthusiastic. 

"How much is the swimsuit?" 

She hesitated before telling me. "200$" 

"Wow, that's a lot of money for a bathing suit." 

"Yes but its really hot, and I really love it. Please I promise I'll give you another blowjob. You liked it a lot last time." 

"Yes you did a nice job, but it wasn't the best. And the bra was 75$ this is quite a bit more." 

"How about if I let you..." 

"Let me what?" 

"If we have sex?" 

I smiled widely. I had her right where I wanted her. 

"Are you sure Sophie?"

She was silent on the other end of the phone. Thinking it through and wondering what she should do. 

"Yes, yes I'm sure. You just have to wear a condom." 

"Okay no problem." 

"I have to be home by 10, so we would have to do it in your car or something." 

"Sure Sophie that's fine by me. I'll be at the mall in 20 minutes." 

"Great, see you soon." She sounded excited and happy that I had agreed to her deal. 

I took a quick shower and made sure I was clean. Got dressed and grabbed my car keys and headed towards the mall. I got there and found Sophie waiting in front of the store. She looked even better than the last time. Wearing a short skirt again that really showed off her legs and a tight top that hugged her nice breast perfectly. 

"Hey." I greeted her; she wasn't sure how she should greet me and decided to just hug me. She smelled really good. Just like the last time. We went into the store and she led me towards the swimsuit department where she showed me the swimsuit; if you could even call it that. It was basically just two pieces of thread that would barely cover anything on her incredible body. I figured that even if it wasn't so expensive her parents would never buy that. 

"Wow you are going to break hearts in that Sophie." 

She blushed. "You really think so?"

"Of course. You're a very beautiful girl. I'm sure you've heard that plenty of times before." 

"Well the boys at school call me hot, and a lot of guys stare at me but no one ever really says I'm beautiful." 

"Well you are." I kissed her on the cheek, and she laid her hand on where my lips had touched her. "Let's get you your swimsuit shall we?" 

We paid for the suit, and left the mall together heading towards my car. The mall was closing so the lot was getting empty and people were filling out quickly. 

"Where to?" I asked her still not really knowing the area very well. 

"Just go up this way, there's a hidden path right up there. You have a condom right?" 

I nodded and got on the road. Following her directions we were soon in a pretty secluded area, with trees and bushes. It would have been very hard for anyone to find us. She turned to me a little nervous I could tell. 

"You've done this before right?" 

"Yea I have a few times, just with no one as big as you." 

"Don't worry it'll be fine, I won't hurt you." 

I moved closed to her and kissed her for the first time ever. She was surprised and taken back at first then just fell into it. She wrapped her arms around my neck and I put my hands on her waist. She pushed her tongue into my mouth and I could tell that this time she wanted this; she wanted me and that made me even hornier. I moved my hand in her shirt and found her nice perky tits. She was easily a C cup and filled out her bra wonderfully. I pinched her tits and groped her nipples and she moaned into my mouth. She reached down and pulled down my sweat pants, releasing my dick from their confines. I moved my seat all the way back, and she took my dick into her mouth. 

She had remembered all the things I said last time, and she started off amazingly well. 

Sucking my head and jerking my cock just the way I liked it. Running her tongue all around the veins in my penis. She continued pushing her head down, still not able to take more. Again her enthusiasm turned me on extremely. I reached over and grabbed her butt cheeks. I squeezed and rubbed them, they were so firm and so soft. I pulled up her skirt and pulled down her panties. She got on her knees in her seat so her ass was aiming towards the window. Anyone walking by would have had a great look at her ass with my finger rubbing her clit. 

She began to moan around my dick feeling my fingers around her clit and pushing one into her tight and dripping pussy. Her cocksucking was doing wonders and I had to have her. 

"Sophie. Come up her." She got off my dick and I kissed her again. She was taken aback by that. I guess she had been used to boys who didn't want to kiss her after receiving head. I didn't care. I grabbed the condom and put it on. Sophie sat in my lap and continued to kiss me. I put my hands on her hips as she reached down grabbed my dick lowered herself slowly on me. As the tip of my cock entered her I couldn't help but moan. She wrapped her arms around me tighter and let herself take more and more of my dick in her. We continued kissing and I lifted her shirt and began licking and sucking on her amazing warm tits. She grabbed my head and pushed me into her chest until she had taken all of me in her tight pussy. 

"God you feel so big in me." 

"You feel so tight. You are so sexy." She smiled and began to rock her hips on me. I grabbed her ass in my hands and held on as she fucked me in my car. She bit and sucked on my ear driving me crazy with want. I reached my hand between us and starting flicking her clit with my fingers. She screamed. Man she was so hot, fucking and grinding on my dick just right. She started slamming herself harder and harder on me and I grabbed her ass and started lifting my hips into her meeting her strokes with some of my own. I was so close and I could so was she. 

"I'm cumming." I said to her. 

"Me too, oh my god this is amazing." She scremed "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" her juiced covered me as they shot out of her, her pussy grabbed my dick like a vice as she came sending me over the edge and forcing me to fill the condom with my cum. She was breathing heavily into my ear and I just held her close pressing her against my body. I laid soft kisses around her neck and jawline enjoying having her close to me. 

"That was awesome. I've never cum during sex before. Thank you." 

"You're welcome, thank you too. This was awesome. You are really gorgeous." She blushed again. We kissed once more and she lifted herself back into her seat. I took off the condom and threw it out the window and pulled my pants back up. I drove Sophie home both of us quiet. I parked at the top of her block. She came over and placed another kiss on me. 

"Can I call you again?" 

"Of course you can." She was happy to hear that and kissed me hard, putting her tongue in my mouth. We sucked each other's tongues for a few minutes before realizing that she would be late for her curfew. She walked the rest of the way to her house and I drove home with a huge grin. What a great way to end a weekend.