 I was in a hotel room in Maine. I was June and I was up there to see the graduation of someone who I dubbed as "The Sister I always wanted." It was a nice time. There was only one thing that ruined it. 

My ex-girlfriend, Becky, was there. 

Now let me describe Becky. She is a total knockout. Thing is she knows it and she is an inflated ego about it. She's got shoulder brown hair length hair, the body of it is like Minnie Driver's, slightly curled. She's had these killer gray eyes and the hottest smile, that is when she was smiling. She also had a hot body and was a cock tease with it too. She was a 38DD-23-35 at 5'4 120! Her body was nice, toned, and lean. 

I was surprised we dated as long as we did. We had sex once, missionary style, with the lights off. She refused to give me a blowjob. I could have taken that alright, if it wasn't for the fact that I walked into the bathroom at a party while she was down on her knees sucking my friend Tony's dick. 

After beating the crap out of Tony, I broke up with Becky. I didn't need her cheating ass around, especially if she was going to put out to other guys and not me. Actually that turned out to be a good thing. Becky and I remained friends even though we didn't see each other. I still knew her better then anyone and she was able to talk to me freely about things. 

Well, at the same time I had this little webpage that was like an Online Journal. I wrote many a thing in it, including the fact she was having a pregnancy scare for her screwing around with a guy she didn't know on New Years Eve. She turned out that she wasn't pregnant and still disease free, but she found my journal on the web and got severely pissed. When I wouldn't take it down she said she would never talk to me again and that was that. 

For a few months after that I could tell that she was still reading my journal. So every once in awhile I talked about how much of a bitch she was, how much she sucked in the sack, and stuff like that, hoping to get her to stop reading the journal. She kept on reading and reading it though. Didn't stop her any no sir ree bob. Which led to Graduation. 

Dana was a mutual friend of mine and Becky's. I introduced her to Becky and they hit it off and became fast friends. When Becky and I totally split up, she was actually able to stay mutual in retrospect. So she invited Becky to her graduation too. I ignored Becky and Becky ignored me through the ceremony and the party afterwards. Dana seemed upset that we weren't getting along. So not wanting to ruin her day, I gave her the number to my hotel room and told her to call me in the morning. I would take her on a mini-shopping spree for graduation. I went back to my room, and put the do not disturb sign on the doorknob. As soon as I hit the bed. 

The room I was in did not have an alarm clock, I heard a knocking on the door. I knew it was still late because it was still dark outside. I went to the door and looked through the keyhole to see who wasn't listening to the Do Not Disturb sign. 

It was Becky. She was wearing a light gray sweater and a gray skirt which accented her figure nicely. I opened the door and she let herself in and sat down on the bed. She opened the small Ice Chest I had by the bed and helped herself to a beer. 

"Hello, Becky it's nice to see you, come on in and sit down and make yourself comfortable, would you like a drink?" I said sarcastically. 

She took a few big gulps out of the can and put it down, "I want you to stop writing about me in your journal." 

I quickly fired back "I want you to stop READING my journal." 

She looked at me with Anger in her eyes "You make me look like a total bitch in there!" 

I scoffed "You are a total bitch." 

Noticing that her Bitch tactics weren't working, she tried to pull a guilt trip and looked saddened "What about the good times we had? Couldn't you ever write anything good about me? Wasn't I good enough for you." 

"No," I said. 

She crossed her legs and looked at me, "Come-on, I don't need that stuff getting out to the people that actually know me. It will make me look like a bitch." 

I looked at her sternly and said "Fine, take off your shirt." 

"What?" she said in shock. 

"Take off you shirt." I said calmly. 

"Bill, I have a boyfriend you know that," she said trying to talk me out of it. 

"This wouldn't be the first time. If you don't want to sound like a total megabitch in my journal again you'll do whatever I say babe." 

Becky looked at me, and bit her lower lip, stood up, and removed her shirt to reveal a lacey black bra, "You want me to take this off too I bet?" she said. 

I nodded, and she put her hands around and unsnapped her bra. Her tits were still exactly as I remembered them. Firm, non sagged, and didn't even really need the support of the bra in the first place. This started my dick to get hard, "Get on your hands and knees, and crawl over to me." 

She reluctantly crawled on her hands and knees and came over to me. "Pull down my boxers and worship my dick with your mouth." She started to protest and I informed her that she has a track record of cheating. So she went and licked my shaft, and slowly got it to a full erection. She kissed the tip of it and then slowly brought it into her mouth, gently sucking on the head of my cock. It felt great to finally get her the way I wanted her, down on her knees sucking on my pole. She took it halfway in her mouth and I felt it hit the back of her throat. She kept swirling her tongue on the underside of my cock, trying to coax out my cum. I grabbed her head and pushed her down over the remaining few inches of my cock. 

She gagged a little bit as she was going down, but after a minute of me being in her throat I was able to fully fuck her mouth. It was heaven. I looked down at her inhaling my dick, she didn't need my hands to support her head cause she was getting into it. She was bobbing her head up and down. Becky's cheeks were collapsing visibly every time she sucked down on my dick. I pulled my dick out of her mouth right before I was about to cum. 

"What the fuck did...." she started to say, and was immediately interrupted by a splash of hot cum from the tip of my cock that landed square on the tip of her pert nose. I fired another shot that landed straight onto her lips and dribbled down on her chin. I then unloaded three or four more shots that I aimed directly in her mouth. 

She went to spit the cum out of her mouth and I grabbed her chin and looked at her and went "Swallow it." She looked up at me with a slight fear in her eyes and swallowed it down. 

She stood up and looked at me angrily and went to walk into the bathroom. "Don't bother cleaning up yet," I told her, "I'm not through with you." 

She looked at me with more anger in her eyes, and mumbled "What do you want now." 

Calmly I told her, "Take off your skirt, and your panties, and lay down on the bed." 

So she did as I commanded and laid down. I don't know why I was going to do what I was doing, but I did. I bent down at the foot of the bed, and I fingered her lightly. God Damn she was wet. She must be getting turned on with this ordering I've been giving her. I decided to make it worth her while and I spread her cunt lips and put my tongue nearby her clit and started tapping it rapidly. 

"oh! oh! what are you doing, oh!" she started to moan. I continued my licking of her clit. I took two fingers and slipped them into her wet cunt as I continued to lick and suck at her clit. 

By this time she was moaning, talking unintelligibly, and screaming that she was going to cum. I continued my work and right when she was about to cum, I stopped. 

"You Bastard!" she yelled, "Why did you stop I was about to cum!" 

"Taste your own Medicine," I said, sliding up her body and gave her full tongue kiss on the lips, making her taste her own wetness on my tongue. I then got up and flipped her over on her hands and knees and put the head of my cock to her pussy. 

"No, please don't," she begged. 

"Why not," I said, with my head still at the entrance. 

"Your too thick, that's why I didn't want to have sex with you before." 

I honestly chuckled, "Let me guess, Bob has a Pencil Dick too." 

She looked down and Nodded sadly, and with that I slid myself inside of her. 

"OW! You PRICK!" she screamed as I slowly thrusted inside of her tight pussy. I watched as she hissed in pain for a few moments as I slowly slid in and out of her viselike hotbox. After a few minutes she started to lowly moan and get into it, and started to fuck me back. 

"Yes, oh good god yes, Fuck me. Fuck me hard, I've been a bad girl," She started saying, and I slapped her on the ass. I slid my hands over her hips to her tits and squeezed the nipples, "oh god, I'm going to cum!" she started screaming "I'm CUMMMMMMMMMMINNNNNGGGGGGG!!!!!!! OH GOOD JESUS! OH GOD! OH GOD! OH GOD!" 

Her pussy got so tight I couldn't even move anymore and it delayed my cumming, after she settled down I turned her over on her back without withdrawing and started to slam my cock into her as hard as I could. She was really getting into it! I started to lick and suck at her tits, her mumbling gibberish, and I with one final thrust I shot deep inside of her. Feeling my cum splash inside of her caused her to have another orgasm that caused her to thrash all over the place. 

We laid together for a few minutes, and started to passionately kiss each other, and I told her it wasn't over yet. She looked at me questioningly then went "oh no! You not fucking me in the ass with that thing! No one is ever going back there." 

"No, I have something else in mind," I said withdrawing from her, I went and straddled her face and pressed my dick in-between her lips, and she swallowed it down willing this time. She got it nice and hard, when I withdrew, and straddled her chest, sliding my wet prick in-between her large tits. I grabbed her tits and pressed them against my cock, fucking them slowly. Started to moan as she started to frig herself, every once in awhile licking the head of my cock as it stuck out between her big mounds. I felt like I was going to have the biggest orgasm of my life. 

I did. 

I started firing rapid shots, the first one hitting her chin, then the next couple of shots making a nice, think pearl necklace around her neck. I then took my cock and continued to jack it off all over her tits, covering them with my spunk. The last shot went wild and hit her dab smack in the forehead. 

I was spent at that moment. I flopped down next to her and told her she could leave. She didn't though. We spent the rest of the night fucking each other's brains out. She even decided to let me in the backdoor just because. 

I had good things to say about her in my next journal entry, though her boyfriend didn't appreciate it at the time. Seems as though he wasn't getting enough either. 

Fuck him.