 *So still in my romantic phase I guess. This is a romantic encounter / story between a man and a woman. It is hopefully sensual and seductive. As always, everyone is over the legal age.*

*****

1.

Sometimes things just distract you. They catch you off guard and send your mind whirling into places it probably shouldn't go -- down paths and musings that likely led to trouble, but such wonderfully exciting trouble! These were just some of the thoughts that ran through his mind as he watched the striking blonde across the room. Petite and beautiful she had the most spectacular blue eyes he'd ever seen and earlier when those eyes had met his, they'd left him speechless. He was certain he'd looked quite the fool as he stood there gaping, trying to speak and coming up empty. They'd shared a smile at his clear discomfort and he'd blushed fiercely, finally managing to find his voice. 

Once that first hurdle had been overcome, they'd clicked well. He'd invited her to dinner where they chatted and teased like they'd known each other for years. Over the next couple of hours playful banter developed into teasing flirtation. The bottle of wine they'd shared, definitely didn't hurt. They'd clicked so well that when she invited him up for a nightcap explaining it was something she never did on a first date, he found he believed her completely. 

And here he was standing in her modest apartment distractedly watching her as she pulled a bottle of wine from the fridge and searched for the corkscrew in a kitchen drawer. She flashed him a smile as she found the tool and his heart fluttered in his chest. 

"Please, allow me," he asked as he crossed the room. She blushed under his gaze as she handed him the bottle and the opener. 

"Glasses, right," she stammered as she remembered, turning to the cupboard as he worked the cork free. 

She was reaching for the stemware when she felt him close to her - one hand lightly at her waist, the other pulling her hair to the side exposing her neck to the warmth of his breath. She shivered in response as goose bumps formed along her pale skin and she found herself leaning into him. 

Inhaling deeply, he savoured the scent of her -- a heady aroma of shampoo, perfume, and her -- before letting his lips gently kiss the softness of her skin. That first touch, that first barely-there kiss was a moment lost in time. He followed that moment with a second and then a third kiss, her pulse quickening under his touch as she laid her head back on his shoulder and purred contentedly. The hand at her waist circled round holding her close while the other caressed softly down her cheek to her throat. Her eyes closed in contentment as his fingertips caressed her flesh while his lips rained soft kisses along her neck. 

She felt his fingertips drifting slowly, teasingly along her collarbone, exploring further and deeper as he grew bolder. Her skin felt on fire from his caresses and she smiled to herself as he carefully worked open the first button on her blouse, then the second. She giggled as he traced the lace edge of her bra, his touches tickling against the sensitive flesh and she wriggled against him. 

Another button vanquished and his hand cupped her lace-clad breast, gently kneading at the soft tissue as his thumb quested beneath the fabric to tease at the aroused and rising nipple found within. She groaned under his touch. Each tease and caress like electricity across her engorged nub. 

Her breathing quickened further as his lips found the lobe of her ear. Warm breath teased while his lips pulled gently. She was lost in his touches, responding to every tease and tickle when she felt the front clasp of her bra release; the initial chill in the air causing her nipples to harden further and forcing a soft gasp from her throat. His hands quickly returned to the now exposed flesh and soon both were caressing and massaging her breasts. 

"I love your breasts," he whispered, his breath hot and arousing. She groaned as his fingers circled and played across her nipples, her back arching in pleasure. Her breathing came short and quick as he teased and tormented. She moaned with each flick of his fingers. 

Turning her, his hands slid to her waist and he lifted her to the counter. With a mischievous smile he stepped in close, his mouth finding the aroused flesh as he suckled her nipple between his lips -- she groaned loudly. If his fingers had been good, his mouth was the master. His teeth scraped lightly while his tongue snaked and teased. Her fingernails clawed across his shoulders as she felt her climax rising inside.

He seemed to realize how close she was as he spread his attention from side-to-side, his tormenting becoming harder and more intense. He sucked and teased, gentleness lost in his passion as he pulled the sensitive flesh between his teeth. She responded in kind, groaning loudly as she pulled his head roughly to her breast. "More! Harder!" she begged. 

His arms holding her tightly, he bit and sucked, tormented and ravaged her abused breast. Nipping hard against her nipples he drove her wild. Her climax rose as he sucked her breast into his mouth, his tongue battering the engorged nub. The floodgates opened with a pinch, as his fingers found her unattended breast, and a scream of passion and pain accompanied the tidal wave of her climax. It rocked through her body, stiffening her muscles as she arched away from him. Her veins burned with excitement as she rode wave after wave of her orgasm. All the while he held her close, occasionally failing to resist the urge to flick his tongue across the super-sensitive tissue and each time being rewarded with a guttural groan of surprise. 

Finally, gradually the climax subsided and she relaxed in his arms, her startling blue eyes finally finding his. He smiled and she returned it. 

"Wow," she said softly and he grinned wider. 

"We're not done yet," he replied as he scooped her up from the counter. 

2.

She cuddled into his chest as he carried her into the bedroom and gently laid her on the bed. Lounging comfortably, she watched him with a bemused smile as he gave her a mischievous little wink and began unbuttoning her jeans. 

Unbuttoned and unzipped he folded the fabric back and exposed the top of her panties. She expected him to slide the jeans off, but he surprised her pausing instead to lightly kiss the soft skin below her belly button. She squirmed a bit as his light touches verged on tickling. His warm breath sent shivers through her body and she found herself growing more and more aroused. 

His tongue teased along the top edge of her panties and she giggled and jumped as he passed the verge of tickling and simply tickled. The grin on his face as he pulled away inspired her own, as she playfully swatted his shoulder before lying back on the bed. With a last gentle kiss just above her panties, he finally began sliding her jeans off. 

Inch by teasing inch, he slid the denim down her hips, past her thighs and finally all the way off. Kneeling, he kissed the skin of her knees before sliding her legs apart. He kissed, tasted and massaged his way up her inner thighs taking his time and clearly enjoying the little shivers his touch caused her. By the time he finally made his way back up to her pelvis she was squirming across the bed, her eyes half closed and her breathing quickening. 

She was filled with anticipation as he drew closer and closer, but every time she thought he'd touch he pulled back -- teasingly close but not quite. She groaned in frustration, subconsciously wriggling closer and closer to him. He tormented her for what felt like ages while she writhed and groaned on the bed, waiting for that inevitable contact. 

When his fingers finally pulled the fabric of her thong aside and she felt his hot breath across her sensitive pubic mound she nearly climaxed in anticipation. His first taste, the tip of his tongue teasingly gentle across the lips of her labia, sent sparks through her body and she moaned loudly as her knees lifted to give him easier access. His tongue flicked and teased along the folds of her lips as he quested for the juices of her arousal. Her legs resting on his back she savoured the feel of his talented tongue as it pushed her closer and closer to her second orgasm. 

Moving closer he sought the nub of her clit and gently sucked it into his mouth while his strong hands began caressing across her naked body. Teasing her aroused clit sent her back arching in excitement while the roughness of his palms grazed across her hardened nipples rewarding him with another moan of pleasure. Realizing how close she was, he began teasing her clit with intent. He savoured each moan as he flicked his tongue up and down across the sensitive little nub. All the while his hands cupped her petite breasts and massaged them, his fingers teasing across her nipples from time to time. 

She groaned and writhed across the bed, her hands clawing across the covers and he brought her closer and closer. Her head cast from side-to-side with each touch and tease, while her body felt afire. 

His tongue suddenly flicked from side-to-side across her clit, and she gasped at the sudden change. Her climax caught her off guard as she blew past the edge she'd been approaching. The scream of ecstasy tore from throat as her hands pulled his head against her vagina. He continued his attack on her clit as the waves of her climax washed through her. Her muscles stiffening, her scream echoing in the quiet room as she rode one of the most intense orgasms of her life. His mouth and hands continuing to tease her as he drew out the wonderful sensations for her. 

Finally, as her body began to shudder and rock, he knew her orgasm was finally passing. His teasing slowed, each flicker across her nub or nipples sending a gasping shiver through her body until she finally collapsed to the bed exhausted. 

Her entire body over-stimulated, he knew she needed to recover before they could continue to play. Moving up beside her he slid his arms around her and she turned to cuddle back into him. He held her close while she slowly recovered. 

3.

Comfortable and content time drifted away as they lay cuddled together. His hand caressed gently over her body as he enjoyed the feel of her soft smooth skin. Warm and happy in her post climax state she found herself nearly purring as he touched her and as her body quieted she found her own arousal beginning to rekindle within her. 

Shifting in his arms she felt his hardness pressed against her, and couldn't resist the urge to wriggle her bum into his groin. He let out a little groan as she teased him, the pressure in his caressing hand becoming firmer as he cupped her petite breast and kneaded the soft flesh. For a moment or two she enjoyed the feel of his hand on her as her nipple hardened in anticipation. 

"Nope," she objected as she shifted in his arms to face him. "My turn. Besides," she added as she began undressing him and kissing his chest. "One of us is way overdressed."

He attempted to object, to continue caressing and teasing her but she would have none of it. She pushed him back against the bed and ran her mouth over his chest and abdomen as she worked her way down. He sighed in resignation and relaxed back, enjoying her attention. 

She made short work of removing his pants and enjoyed the feel of his flesh under her hands as she ran them across his body. His hard penis was outlined clearly in the tight boxer briefs he wore and she playfully nipped and bit at it through the fabric. He groaned with each torment, his cock continuing to grow. 

Finally, she took mercy on him and slowly pulled the waistband down and freeing his aroused shaft. She purred in pleasure as the wide head became visible and began teasing little kisses along the underside. He found himself writhing on the bed as she played. The band lowered as the kisses did and soon she was holding his shaft gently as she sucked one of his testicles into her mouth. He groaned loudly in pleasure as she teased the sensitive organ before moving to the other. 

"Damn," he whispered contentedly.

Getting rid of his boxer briefs altogether she focused on his shaft and was soon back caressing and licking it; teasing him by sucking the head of his cock between her lips and then releasing. Looking down, he honestly didn't think he'd ever seen anything as sensual as those beautiful red lips parting to accept him. Watching him watch her, her eyes twinkled mischievously and she sucked him deep into her mouth. His cock disappeared between those lips, her tongue and teeth pressed intensely across his shaft, and he nearly lost it right there. Pulling back, she dove down again and his eyes closed as he moaned in pleasure. Pulling back, she paused and waited for him to look at her. 

"No cuming, okay?" she asked seriously. "I've got something else in mind for that."

"I'll try," he agreed and she smiled and went down on him again. 

The feel of her mouth on his cock, her tongue teasing the underside of his shaft, her teeth scraping across the skin, the look of her beautiful blonde head bobbing up and down, her ass perched up in the air. It was one of the most erotic experiences he'd ever had and as his own arousal continued to grow he was quickly regretting agreeing not to cum. 

He moaned and writhed, his pelvis shifted while his cock jumped and twitched as he tried his best to hold off the impending climax. And just when he thought he'd fail, just when he neared the point of no return, she let his cock pop from her mouth. 

Grinning evilly, she crawled cat-like up his body. Her naked form pale in the night and he found himself speechless. She straddled him, her bare pussy hovering just above his rock hard cock. Positioning the tip of his cock against her soaking wet labia she paused. He met her eyes in surprise, the question clear on his face.

"Just wanted to make sure I had your attention," she added quietly. They held each other's eyes as she slowly, teasingly lowered herself onto his hard, wide cock. Little purring moans escaped both of them as they savoured the sensations of that first joining. Her pussy pressed hard against his shaft. His cock spread her tight lips wide -- until finally she was sitting astride him and he was completely buried inside her. 

She placed her hands on his chest and began slowly rocking back and forth, back and forth. The effect on his groin was incredible, as she seemed to be tightening her vaginal muscles with each shift. He was soon matching her rhythm and thrusting in time with her. Together they managed to go deeper and deeper, each moaning with delight. 

Her nails dug into his chest and his hands held her hips as the pace increased along with their passion -- in and out, deeper and faster. Each stroke felt better than the last. Breathing quickened, eyes closed, and climaxes built. Harder. Faster. Deeper. Closer. He rose up, his hand encircling her waist as hers wrapped around his shoulders. She pulled him against her. His face buried against her neck, they continued to writhe and thrust and they fucked each other. Grunts escaped with each thrust, sweat glistened across their bodies. Breath came fast. Muscles ached and tightened. 

His climax hit hard. The tightness of her pussy, the build up, the passion -- it was too much and he yelled his release, his back arching as his cock drove deeper inside her. His cock pulsed hard with the first explosion of cum and her climax followed fast on its heels. Her cries of passion joined his as he filled her vagina, her nails clawing across his flesh as her pussy pumped him dry. 

Locked in that tableau, frozen in their ecstasy, they both rode the crashing waves of their orgasms -- lost in the moment. Finally, with shivers and twitches, the sensations faded. Their muscles unclenched. 

"Wow," she whispered breathily as she collapsed against him exhausted. 

"Damn," he agreed as he collapsed into the bed holding her close. 

Sleep found them entwined and contented. 

4. 

Morning found them still entwined -- spooned together -- though at some point one of them had apparently pulled the covers over. He awoke with the feel of her warm body pressed against his, his arm draped across her comfortably. The feel of her naked bottom pressed against his groin sent shivers through his drowsy body and he realized that he'd woken up already aroused -- his hardening shaft nestled between soft pale cheeks. Inhaling his senses were filled with the scent of her and he couldn't resist the desire to nestle into the softness of her silky blonde hair. He pulled her closer, his hand gently cupping her breast. 

She purred contentedly and snuggled in closer. 

Gently, his fingers began caressing her breast. Light touches caused soft little moans from her as she slept while her nipple began hardening under his ministrations. Teasing the growing nub, he slowly began working her up, his pressure gentle and teasing. Goose bumps rose against her sensitive skin and she shifted in her sleep, rolling towards him and exposing more of herself. 

She looked angelic as she slept and a small smile crossed his lips. He let his caressing fingers shift to her other breast as he leaned in to kiss the engorged nipple closest. As his lips found the sensitive nub, his hand began cupping and kneading the sensitive tissue of the further breast. Her moan was more pronounced as he sucked the sensitive nipple between his lips. 

He caressed down her body while he sucked and suckled on her aroused breast, his fingers questing down the softness of her body to quest gently across her pubic mound. Reflexively, her legs parted slightly to give him greater access and his fingers traced down between the folds of her labia. Gentle pressure spread those lips before his teasing finger and he was pleased to find that she was already aroused. Her moisture spread quickly along his fingers and the lubricant made his explorations far easier. 

She moaned in pleasure, her knees rising, as he found her clitoris. Glancing up, he found her eyes were still closed though he had no idea of she was still asleep; her breathing was coming quicker as he played and she was beginning to squirm and writhe across the bed. 

Sliding down, he moved her knees over his shoulders as he slipped between her legs and let his mouth replace his teasing fingers. She moaned as he took the first long stroke between her lips with his tongue savouring the salty-sweetness of her growing arousal. Closing his eyes, he let his tongue search through the warm folds of her vagina while his hands crept up her body to make sure her sensitive breasts didn't feel forgotten. 

Sucking and tasting he explored deeply into her aroused slit before shifting to tease the sensitive nub of her clit. She moaned again and again for him and he gently began sucking on the engorged nub, pulling it between his lips to tease with his tongue before releasing and then repeating. Each time he sucked that little button between his lips she groaned in pleasure, her back arching in excitement until he released and she relaxed. Teasingly, he began to increase the pressure and intensity feeling her arousal building as he did. Her breathing came faster as she became wetter and wetter. 

Pulling her deeper into his mouth he shifted the direction of his tongue, letting it swirl from side-to-side, and was rewarded with a gasp of pleasure. He could tell she was closing on her climax quickly and he released and immediately sucked her back into his mouth, the relief and sudden restart pushing her body even closer and giving her almost no recovery time. He followed his oral ministrations with a gentle flick of his finger across her still very sensitive and aroused nipples and she yelped in surprise as her body writhed in excitement.
