 Libby glanced over her shoulder and felt the goosebumps growing on her arms. Panicked that she would lose sight of him again, she quickly made her way to the window where he stood in conversation with the party's host. She turned too quickly though and before she knew what had happened, a tray of appetizers was scattered at her feet. She opened her eyes to the cold gray morning and sighed. She was getting closer, but not close enough. The familiar aching sensation in her belly subsided and she rolled over to get a few more minutes of sleep before the alarm clock woke her for the day.

The dreams left her feeling anxious, empty and aroused all at once. She didn't know his name or why she was so attracted to him, but she knew that she had to find him. She had never known a desire for a man like this before. Just a glimpse of him made her knees weak and her panties wet with anticipatory lubrication. She had to have him inside of her. She ached to feel his excitement dancing within her. She knew that he was only in her dreams, but the sensations were so real. She woke to disappointment morning after morning, but vowed that she would catch him soon.

She heard the click of the alarm clock just before the music began blaring at her and she deftly reach across the bed to turn it off. Monday morning. Where had the weekend gone? She spent all day Saturday mowing the lawn, trimming the hedges and cleaning her house. Sunday was wasted watching television and finishing up some grading that she had postponed to the last possible minute. Now another lonely week stretched ahead of her. She rolled out of bed and lumbered out to the kitchen to make a pot of coffee. The week would have to wait an hour for her to get started this morning.

Throughout the day, thoughts of her dream man played with her attention. A simple task of adding up her students' scores was suddenly bewildering. It took three attempts before she could correctly add all 20 numbers. Her mind kept drifting to that sensual place where only lovers go. Her nipples became erect, a silky sweat covered her body and she felt the warmth between her legs as her wet excitement increased. She was staring out the window in a sort of reverie until she realized that someone was talking. She caught her breath and spun her chair around to face one of her graduate students. Lauren was chatting away about something, probably her latest idea for an experiment, but Libby was totally unaware of what she was saying. "Focus, damn it, focus," she told herself. The student wasn't aware that her conversation was one-sided. She kept talking with excitement until Libby finally became more aware of her surroundings again. She tried to express interest and succeeded at least in satisfying her student's need for expression. Lauren left as quickly as she had appeared and Libby sighed in relief. "Tonight. It has to be tonight. I can't keep going like this." Lack of restful sleep night after night was taking its toll and soon she wouldn't be able to hide it.

Evening finally crept to her windows. Libby was anxious for sleep, but not for the restorative propertied that it might have. She longed to find that man. She needed to find him. Unfortunately, her anxiety about getting to sleep prevented just that. She couldn't take one the little pills her doctor had prescribed because they stopped her from dreaming. She just had to relax. Counting sheep was a waste of time. She tried progressive relaxation, starting with her toes. By the time she got to her arms, she was in a semi-lucid state and lost track of her surroundings. Soon she was spinning through a swarm of people. She was trying to run, but her legs were not moving normally. She felt like she was trying to run through molasses. She fell to her knees and began to cry. There was no way to catch him; she was too slow.

She felt two strong hands grip her shoulders and a large body hover over her, his chest just touching her shoulder blades. She raised her head, tears streaming down her face, and looked into his eyes. They were as blue as the Caribbean Ocean on a sunny day. His golden brown hair had flecks of red glimmering in the afternoon sun. His expression of concern faded into a knowing grin as her tears subsided. His hand was stretched before her to assist her in standing. The heaviness in her legs from just a moment ago was gone and she felt as light as the breeze. She stood to face him and they held hands, gazing at each other like old lovers. 

Without a word, she led him to her door. He opened it and scooped her into his arms. He looked past her eyes and into her heart as he enveloped her soft mouth in a lusting kiss with his own sensual lips. He carried her to the bedroom where he gently placed her on the bed. She wrapped her arms around his neck and swore that she would never let him get away again. He caressed her face, arms and breasts, easing her back into the bed. She groaned with anticipation. She wanted this night to last forever. She unbuttoned his shirt and traced her fingers through the broad expanse of dark curly hair that was glistening with each play of the light. Her fingers found their way to his pants and she rolled him onto his back with her hands on his hips. She unzipped his pants and made her way to his swollen manhood. It was visibly thumping and engorged. He was hard as a rock, yet soft as suede. He moaned as she softly grabbed him and ran her hand down the length of him. He shuddered, closed his eyes, arched his neck and whispered "Wait…"

When he recovered momentarily, he rolled back onto his side and raised her sundress over her head and tossed it onto the floor. She wasn't wearing anything underneath. Her small but supple breasts stood erect and almost bursting to be touched. He gently rolled her onto her back once again and began nibbling at her nipples. His tongue circled each, then slowly meandered up her chest to her neck. Now she was arching her neck and back, with her breaths coming in short little gasps. He made his way to her mouth and his tongue traced the perimeter of her lips in the most sensual and exotic way. She was almost beside herself with desire for his penetration. She reached for him, but he arched away with a grin. He wasn't ready to enter her just yet. The touch of his tongue encircling her lips made her long for him to taste her amply flowing fluidity. She took his hand and guided him to the small nest of hair between her legs. She was wet and swollen. He traced the slippery soft folds and ran his fingers from her wetness down her inner thighs. Her pelvis was slowly rocking uncontrollably. She was totally and completely in his hands. 

With her eyes closed, she felt him slide down her body until his tongue was once again tracing her lips. She could hear his moans as she ran her hands through his hair and traced her fingers around his ears absently. He ran his tongue over her clit and it throbbed. His tongue flittered over it with quick and light strokes until she was almost seeing stars. Sensing her tenuous hold on reality, his tongue dove down into her vagina and the warm sensations threatened to make her lose control. Barely conscious, she felt his hips pushing her legs further apart. The wait was interminable. His hands gripped her hips and in one smooth motion he was inside of her. For a moment, the world stopped turning and only she and he existed. She was full of him and he was slowly rocking into her while sucking on her neck and breasts. She couldn't hold on any longer. The heavy aching surge overwhelmed her and they pounded each other furiously. They both began to moan. The waves of ecstasy lasted longer than she could have imagined. Slowly the room came back into focus. She was alone, and she was satisfied. She could now sleep peacefully.