 This is the last part of the Sweet Demands Series. 

Chapter One 

Becky was at Bob's house pacing back and forth. It had been about three months since Bill lied about Becky sleeping with him to her boyfriend. She still remembers what happened to her that day. She thought about it sometimes when she was fucking Bob. 

After that Bill called her constantly for about two months after that. She would go to his house and have hot and heavy sex. She might have hated his guts, but he knew what buttons on her body to push. He also had the dick to meet her needs. For the longest time she didn't like big dick, but noticed that she needed it regularly now. She needed Bill much as he wanted her. 

Becky was yearning for dick for about a month now. Bill hadn't called her at all. She knew he was still alive but just didn't seem to have the use for her. Sure she could always fuck Bob, but with having sex with Bob was like having sex with her middle finger, she could even do better. 

She was getting extremely desperate for cockmeat. She decided that she was going to have to take matters into her own hands if necessary. So she went and picked up the phone, and dialed the time. 

"Hello Beth," She said into the phone. 

"The time is now, 7:23 PM" said the recorded message..."at the beep the sound will be 7:24 PM." 

"How is everything? What? Sure I'm game. I'll talk to you soon." 

Becky hung up the phone and walked over to Bob and gave him a kiss on the cheek. "I'm going to go out with Beth tonight dear. I'll be back home later tonight." 

Bob looked up at her and smiled, "Ahhhh...I thought we were gonna go play again, you've been frisky as a kitten as of late." 

Becky forced a smile, "Well, I haven't seen Beth in over a month so I'm gonna hang out with her, but I'll give you something to think about." 

Becky walked in front of Bob and pulled his trousers down and took his cock out and started to suck on it. Bob groaned as she put it in her mouth. She swirled her tongue around it a couple of times to get it hard and started to suck on it hard. She knew that he wouldn't last long and he didn't. After about 2 weak squirts he finished and groaned. 

Becky stood up and wiped her mouth, "That was great baby maybe we can get frisky later," at least your more stable then an inflatable doll, she thought as she went into the back room. Well, maybe not. 

Becky looked in her closet deciding what she wanted to wear. She decided to pull out her black denim dress. She pulled out a matching bra and panties and slipped it into her bowling bag. She also took out a pair of black heels and stockings and put that in there. She "lugged" the bag outside. Bob was there adjusting himself in the seat watching the TV as she quietly went out the door. 

Chapter two 

"Beth eh?" Bob thought, "Well, I'll just see about this Beth character tonight." 

Bob watched as Becky drove her car passed the window. For the past couple of weeks Becky has always been going to Beth's. She'd come home totally worn out on the couch. He felt like he was being deceived but he wasn't sure. When she mentioned it today he silently followed as she went to the room, and watched as she packed her bowling bag. He made it to the living room on time before she left. Yup, she's cheating on me, probably with that Bill bastard. 

He went outside and followed down the road. He reached the highway heading out to the Bowling alley where her and Beth normally went. Right when he reached the corner he noticed something. Becky's car was at the corner gas station. Bob quickly hid his car and watched carefully. 

Five minutes later she came out. She had her hair up and was wearing that black mini dress and heels. She was also drinking a diet Dr. Pepper but that was beside the point. She got into the car getting a cat call whistle from someone. She pulled out and after she went down some ways Bob started following. 

Bob had a sneaking suspicion that she was going to go to Bill's house, but followed carefully anyway. She seemed to be taking the scenic route if she was going. She finally pulled up to a driveway in front of a small house. Bob passed by and parked down the street. 

After a minute he got out of the car and slowly started walking down the street. He got to the house and looked into a window. Becky was sitting down on a couch with a black guy that was taller then him. He couldn't make out what they were saying, but then Becky grabbed the black man by his shirt and kissed him fiercely. The two of them got up and went to the back. 

Bob went to the fence in the side, looked around, and attempted to jump over, but fell on his face. After getting his shoe undone in the fence he walked around the back carefully. He saw all he needed to see to prove that Becky was cheating on him. The black guy was laying down on the bed, Becky's tits were popped out of her dress, and she was licking up and down the guys dick. He couldn't believe what he was seeing, and left. 

Chapter Three 

My plan to get dick is now in action, she thought as she started driving toward Bill's house. She was going to go over there and order him to give her some of his cock. She felt the wetness in her thighs as she thought this, then had another thought. 

Wait, he would want me to beg for it, she continued. She then made a sharp right and had a change of plan. She continued to drive through the neighborhood when she pulled up to a little white house with green paneling. She got out and rang the doorbell. 

Ed opened the door and looked at her, "Becky, wow, didn't expect to see you here," he said shockingly. 

Becky walked inside and looked around. The place was small, but clean. She looked at the TV and notice that there was a scene where a woman was currently inhaling a guy's cock. She sat down on the couch and watched. Ed, not understanding, sat down next to her. As soon as he sat her hand reached in his lap and she grabbed between his legs. 

"So," she said, "What would you prefer Rosey Palm and Porno or a real woman tonight." 

With that Ed kissed her and she started kissing back, she pulled his shirt up and basically dragged him to the bedroom. She pushed him back on the bed when they heard a thump. She looked around and unzipped his pants, longing for a hard cock, and she got one. She immediately attacked the head of the cock taking it into her mouth and started to suck down on it. She didn't want the whole thing into her mouth, she was just getting him hard enough to do business. This was the first time she was actually getting to see Ed's cock and it was huge. She could just wrap her hands around it, but the head of his cock was abnormally large, like a softball compared to the rest of his dick. 

She stripped of her panties and straddled over his cock and slowly sank down, feeling her pussy getting stretched by the head of his cock. When she got the head in it was smooth sailing from there as she started bouncing up and down on his pole. 

"Oh yeah, oh I needed some good fucking," she moaned as she rode up and down on his shaft. She just wanted a good hard cum and kept the conversation to a minimum, moaning and groaning on occasion as she fucked him into the mattress. After a few moments of riding his cock she had a massive orgasm that squeezed down so hard she almost passed out. She rode a few more strokes when she heard him grunt. Thinking of the fact that she didn't want to get cum on her car seat she got off and started stroking him with her hands, her lips against the tip of his cock coaxing out his cum. 

Ed grunted and fired a thick jet into her mouth. It almost filled it up as she swallowed that, and one more. The third and final ones she left in her mouth, looked at Ed, opened her mouth swirling her tongue around, and swallowed. 

"Thanks for the fuck," she said as she slipped her panties on that she discarded. 

"You’re leaving already?" he said. 

"Yeah, hate to fuck and run, but it's been fun, I have to get in touch with one of my girlfriends to get my alibi straight." 

Chapter 4 

Becky got home late. She stopped off at the real Beth's and they talked awhile. She didn't mention the fact that she had been sleeping around on Bob. She didn't need her whole social group thinking she was a slut. She stopped off at a gas station and changed, and got to Beth's, they drank a little, talked a little, bitched about boyfriends, and she went home. 

Bob was still up as she entered the doorway. "Hi honey how was your fuck?" he said matter-of-factly. 

Becky composed herself, "What do you mean how was my fuck?" 

Bob went to the back into the bedroom and dragged a couple of suit cases out and threw them at her feet, "Get out I saw you fucking that black guy, if you wanna be a slut go sell your body on the streets." 

Becky went up to Bob and started to rub up against him, "Bob honey what's wrong? Lets go into the bedroom and talk about it." 

Bob grabbed her arm and dragged her to the front door and pushed her out, closing it behind her. He took the bags and tossed them outside. Fuck, she thought as she got the bags and put them into her car. She went into her car and started driving around. She didn't know where she could go. She drove until she was in Bill's neighborhood, and pulled up into a 7-11. She got her clothes out and went and got changed back into her dress, but without the panties. She walked out, watching the old man behind the counter stair as he looked at her full figured body and sashayed out of the store. 

She pulled up to Bill's driveway figuring out what she was going to say to him, or what was going to happen to him. His car was in the driveway so I knew he was up. He was probably sleeping. I walked up to the door and rang the bell. I was impatient so I rang it again, and again. 

The door opened and Bill stood there wearing a black bathrobe. I could tell that he had a partial erection, "What do you want?" 

I got down on my knees, grabbed his cock, and shoved it in my mouth. I swallowed it as soon as it hit the back of my throat. I didn't hear any protest coming from him as I started bobbing my head up and down on his cock. Bill is just a dick, a good one, that knows how to use it. It's not as long as Ed's, but it's thick, and it's thick all the way to the base. I couldn't even wrap my hand around it I nuzzled my nose against his pubic hair as I pulled the front of my dress down a bit to expose by tits. His cock tasted kinda strange going down but she figured he was in the shower or something. I grabbed my nipples as I felt him start to jerk in my mouth. I knew he would love this so I pulled his cock out of my mouth and he started firing his load all over her. 

Did he ever have a load. The first stream took about 5 seconds just to complete as she whipped his dick around her face, sending streak marks across her face. She opened her mouth up and another long jet entered. She continued to jack him off as he sent another stream that hit her in the forehead and started dribbling down her nose. 

"Yeah baby, cum on me, shoot that big load," she though he was over but she was wrong. He continued to fire his load onto her shoulders, neck, and tits. The experience got her so hot that she had an orgasm right on her knees. He finally started to slow down as the cum started leaking out of his cock. It leaked down her hand and arm. She switched hands and licked the streak of cum that was on her hand and arm, then swallowed it, putting her head to the tip of his cock to suck out of the remaining juice. 

"Bill baby...I need your cock...I need it badly," she said between sucks. She sucked alot of cum out of his cock that remained inside his slab of meat. 

"Well Becky, first of all April is gonna be severely pissed you took her load." 

Becky looked up at him licking the head of his cock, "Who's April?" 

"The chick in the bedroom that was sucking me off before you." he nonchalantly said. 

Becky didn't believe it so she stormed in the back room, sure enough there was a chick there. The first thing Becky noticed was that she was small in stature (she found out later she was 4'11). Her body was well proportioned for her size, her breasts coming out to look nicely large compared to her frame, and she had pretty nice curves. She had deep blue eyes and shoulder length black hair. 

"Billlllllllllll," April whined, "Whoooooooo is this?" 

Bill walked in and flopped down next to her. "This is that woman I told you about, she's going to operate the camera, right?" Bill said looking at Becky. 

Becky mumbled "Yeah, sure," and sat down, then asked "How old are you anyway?" 

April looked at Becky, "20, yeah I know I don't look it but it's true," April looked back at Bill, "Now what were we doing again." 

Chapter 6 

I looked at Bill and I looked at the newcomer. For the longest time I use to lie to him about my sexual exploits, just to see if he'd stay attracted to me. He did. Thank god cause I started falling for the big lug. I've known him for a couple of years now. We always flirted with each other, but never made anything happen. When I heard about his cock, I knew that he would half to be the one. So I told him the truth. 

"You a virgin?!?!" he questioned earlier when we were making out in his room. I nodded. He smiled and laughed, and went and pulled out a video camera, popped in a cassette and turned on the camera. "We might as well give you a memory about your first time." 

We continued to make out as he slowly stripped my clothes off. The first time I was ever naked in front of another man. He was very patient with me, his hands going over my body softly as he kissed my nude flesh. I gasped a bit as he nibbled on my nipples and kissed lower down my body. He went in-between my legs and touched me in a place where only my fingers ever ventured. It was an electrical feeling as he started to spread my pussy open. 

"Ohhh that feels good," I said as he started to slide his fingers up and down my slit. Then he placed his lips against my pussy and slid his tongue in. 

"Oooohhhhhhhhhh...." I closed my eyes and rolled my head back as I felt the sensation of his tongue sliding into my pussy. He slipped a finger into me and started licking my clit. This started sending pleasure shockwaves through my body. I kept squirming and squirming. It felt so good to have someone else doing the work. My body started tensing and my toes started to curl. 

"OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHH GOD!" I yelled and I started bucking my hips into his face. He kept perfect suction on my clit and my orgasm just road through in a wave after wave after wave. I had to beg him to stop because I was running out of breath. He started kissing my body as I started getting up for air. He started to kiss me deeply and took off his boxers and shirt. I looked down at his cock and my eyes bulged. 

"Holy shit!" I yelled, I looked at him and he chuckled, "You expect to put THAT in me?" 

I reached down and I wrapped my hand around his cock. There was no way I was going to get in, but it would be a great thing for losing my virginity I'd tell you that much. My hand didn't even go all the way around it. This cock must be about eight inches around and long. 

"You don't have to do it if you don't want," he said. 

"But I wanna give you as much pleasure as you just gave me," I said jerking at his cock, the only thing I did know how to do. He smiled, "Well lick it some, get it nice and wet, and I'll tell you what else to do." 

I got off the bed and got down on my knees in front of him and I licked up and down his shaft. "Don’t' forget the head," he said as I started licking the head of his cock like an ice cream cone. I got his whole cock nice and whet when the doorbell rang. 

"Dammit!" he said, "Hold on," He got up and put on his bathrobe as the doorbell rang again. I climbed into bed and I waited for him, a few minutes later he came into the room with another woman, and that's where we are now. 

Chapter 7 

I've been trying to get into April's pants for a month and Becky comes down and ruins my perfect fantasy. I wanted to watch my pent up cum squirt all over April's face, more after I found out she was a virgin! I had April here though licking up and down my cock, and Becky recording the whole thing, still covered in my cum. 

"Now, take the head of my cock into your mouth, and suck it in gently, keep your tongue flat over your bottom teeth and your lips over you top." April did this and sucked my cock into her mouth, swirling her tongue around the head bit by bit. I groaned my approval and she started to slide more and more of my cock in her mouth. She sucked it rabidly, and started to bob her head up and down on it lightly. I felt the back of her throat and I knew what I wanted to be in her throat. 

"Relax you throat, and when it his the back, swallow my cock," she murmured an approval as I felt her trying to swallow my cock, listening to her gag a bit, but then slipping the rest of the head down her throat. She started to slowly bob her head down on my cock until I was caught deep in her throat. 

"Oh yes April that's great," I said as she looked up at me and smiled, and started to bob her head quickly. She was a fast learner as she slid her tongue on the underside of my cock. She was moaning over my cock and fingering herself at the same time. I knew I was about to spurt my load but I wanted it to first go down her throat, being the first man to do it, so I grunted and shot down without warning her, and grabbed her head and pressed it down on my cock. 

Her head squirmed underneath my hand as she kept taking large gulps, I felt like I shot a large load still as it felt like it was pouring out of my cock. I took it out of her mouth and she swallowed one more time, and started sucking on it again. 

"That's it good little cocksucker, make it hard so we can put it in your pussy," she looked up at me with an evil grin in her eye and took the cock out of her mouth. "Now what," she said. I grabbed her by her hips and lifted her up into my lap. I maneuvered my cock to her cunt and slipped my head at the entrance. 

Her head leaned back as I slowly put the head in and she winched in pain. I would only stop if she told me otherwise and she didn't. She made little animal mewling sounds as she slowly started going down my cock. I felt her cherry and grabbed her hips, "This is going to hurt," and I slammed her hips down impaling herself fully on my cock. 

"OW! FUCK! SHIT YOUR FUCKIN RIGHT THAT HURTS! AHH HELL!" she screamed in my ear. I didn't do anything but I let her relax over my cock. After I felt her pussy contract over my cock I slowly started her up with a motion over my cock. Becky moved to get a better view of my cock getting impaled by her small frame and pussy. 

"Oh Fuck! Oh Fuck! Oh Fuck!" April cried as she started to slowly ride my cock. This was the tightest pussy I ever had. If I didn't blow two loads before I would have been shooting rockets by now. April took her time riding my pole though. 

"Oh god Bill, Oh this feels so fucking good," She said as she started to ride me with abandon. She kept bouncing up and down on my cock, I reached around and grabbed her nipples as she started to grind into me hard with every thrust down. Then she let out a huge scream and I felt like my cock was getting the life squeezed out of it. 

"OH GODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD! OH GODDDDDDDDDDDDDD! OH GODDDDDDDDDD! OH FUCKKKKKKKKK! OH HELLLLLLL! OH MY GOOD FUCKIN GOD!" she kept screaming as she spasmed on my cock. I decided to take matters into my own hands. I flipped around until her stomach was on the bed and started to fuck her from behind. She continued to scream into my bed. 

"Oh Fuck! Oh Fuck! Fuck me hard Bill! Fuck me now! Oh god I'm still fucking coming! Oh God I love your fuckin cock! You could fuck me all night with it! Oh god! I'm cumming again!" she said and clawed the sheets down from my bed. This time when her pussy clamped on my cock I fired in at the same time. 
