 "Damn it has been a long night. I hate being in the field,' I think to myself as I stagger through the door to my barracks room and throw my ruck sack and duffle bag down on the floor, along with my vest and helmet. I stretch, my arms up above my head and my back arched, my muscles stiff from carrying all my gear to my room. I lean back and yawn, my hands on my hips, various joints popping, my breasts straining against my uniform. 

I shrug off my jacket and move around to plop on the side of my bed. I unlace my boots and take off my socks, wriggling my toes happily as I toss my socks into the hamper. I stand and quickly toss off the rest of my uniform, breathing freely as I sit on the couch and light a cigarette. I yawn and lean my head back, my left hand idly trailing my fingers over my bare stomach and chest, my right holding my smoldering cigarette. 

I peer through slitted eyes in the direction of the bathroom, knowing I need a shower, but trying to muster the energy to actually take one. I sigh and turn my head away, glancing over at my unmade bed, and thinking of the last time I lay there with you. A small smile plays on my lips as I get a flash of my right leg up against the wall and my hands clinging to the small wooden slats of my headboard, feeling your lean, sweaty body working above mine. My tongue plays along my lips and I suck the end of my cigarette almost seductively as I get lost in the memory of sensations for a moment.

I can almost feel your soft, warm lips caressing mine as the sweat of your body drips down and rolls over my sides. My hands clench instinctively as I imagine them gripping your sides, pulling you harder into me, my hips arched under you, urging you deeper into my body. The satisfying pain of your large cock ramming into the back walls of my pussy, my muscles clenching around your huge girth, feeling stretched and full and complete. 

I open my eyes and shake my head, tossing my cigarette in a mostly empty Gatorade bottle before struggling up from the couch and slouchingmy way into the bathroom. I sigh and turn the water on in the shower and shift to the mirror as I wait for it to get hot. I barely register seeing myself as I reach above my head to let down my hair. Using the mirror more out of habit then necessity I take out all the clips and throw them on the counter before struggling with the rubber bands around my short little pony tail. 

My too short to reach a pony tail bangs falling free in my face already. I glance up, my 38 C breasts shaking in the mirror with my struggles, my large dark nipples stiffening slightly, and I smile a little to myself, watching them. I meet the gaze of my blue-green eyes, slightly slanted like cat eyes, and fringed with long, naturally curled up dark lashes in my reflection for a moment, my small, rose-bud mouth pursed in effort below my slightly crooked nose. I toss a lock of black-cherry dyed hair out of my eyes as I look up to the tangle of hair and bands, and curse quietly to myself. 

"Damn. I knew I shouldn't have used two, but one never holds my hair up well enough. My hair is too damn silky to be tamed very easily. Always falling down. I can't wait until this shit grows out again." I finally yank them out, along with a small portion of my hair, and I run my fingers through my now free tresses, pulling them down straight until they brush softly over the tops of my shoulders. 

I can still smell a hint of shampoo in my hair from where it was protected in the middle of my pony tail from the Texas dust and dirt. I feel a few free strands fall down and tickle over my barley rounded stomach and narrow waist, even more down my back and over my rounded bottom. I brush myself off with my hands, wondering how in the world I am not bald yet from so much hair falling out all the time, as I scratch idly at a tickle spot right on the tattoo on my lower back. 

I test the water with my free hand, adjusting it slightly before stepping under the hot spray, purring lightly at the delicious feeling of the hot, pounding water rinsing away all the salty sweat and dirt from my naturally soft skin.

I raise my five foot three frame up on my tip-toes, bringing my head and skin closer to the beating shower head, my eyes closed in contentment as I wet my whole body down. I lean over and grab a bottle from the floor as I squirt some Axe body wash onto my fluffy pink loofah. I begin to rub the white suds over my arms and chest, turning away from the water for a moment in my large, stand up shower. 

I move my loofah lower, soaping up my belly and ducking down for a moment between my legs, closing my eyes and remembering your soapy body pressed against my back in this very shower, your large masculine hands rubbing the soap over my body and down between my legs. 

I lean back against the wall, one hand gripping the bar on the wall as the other moves the loofah slower up and down over the front of my body, the rough material stimulating my skin as I periodically move it between my thighs and over the full lips of my pussy. I sigh after a few minutes and open my eyes, reaching for the razor to shave the stubble that I grew in the field off my crotch, since it is already thoroughly soapy. 

My eyes start growing a little glassy again as I recall being on my knees right here, lovingly shaving the hair off your crotch for you,your cock standing tall and proud, little bubbles of soap rolling off the sides of it. I bite my lip and growl softly, cursing the separation between us.

My now black, wet hair hangs down over my face as I shave myself quickly, trying to ignore the slippery lips between my fingers as I try to remove the hair. As I begin shaving the inside curve of my outer pussy lips, I notice that the slipperiness isn't as much soap as it is me, and I sigh in exasperation as I quickly rinse my now smooth pussy and try not to think about it. I grumble about the fucking Army to myself as I try to finish my shower in peace so that I can go to bed, with no more sex flash backs of you and I. 

I have been planning on not masturbating for the two months we are to be separated, to let myself build up for when I see you again, but being back in my room where we had last spent our time together is making it very difficult. It feels like you have been gone for a lot longer then two weeks.  I am torn between sadness and overwhelming hornyness half the time, and wondering what the future holds the rest. I try to ignore the cries from my body as I run my towel over my curves, drying myself off briskly before falling back naked on my bed. I pull the covers up over my body and I can suddenly smell you all around me. Your scent lingers on my sheets and my blanket, and all in my pillow. I close my eyes and almost cry from frustration, breathing heavily through my nose as I am wrapped in your essence. 

I moan into the folds of my blanket, my hands moving over the roundness of my breasts, imagining that it's your larger hands moving over me. I play roughly with my nipples, my breaths coming shorter as I bite my lip and move my right hand down further,playing over my stomach and teasing myself. I gasp as I move my middle finger down between the folds of my pussy lips and encounter the wetness already forming at my core. 

I picture the firm head of your cock pushing at my entrance as I run my finger in a circle over my hole, covering it in my moisture before moving up and rubbing my clit softly in a circular motion. My thighs spread of their own accord, giving myself better access as I suddenly slide my finger down and plunge into my depths. 

My left hand grasps at my left breast, cupping it roughly before tweaking my nipple, the sharp pain jolting straight down my stomach to my pussy as my right hand moves my fingers faster and rougher over my clit. My head is pressed back into the pillow, my eyes shut as I am picturing your body poised over mine, my nails raking over the tattoo on the top of your shoulders. I can almost taste the sweat of your neck in my mouth and hear your growls and pants ringing in my ears, your smell all around me as I dip my fingers in and out of my sopping wet pussy, coming up to abuse my clit. 

I feel the familiar spiral of pleasure start in my lower stomach as my body arches. My left hand grips my breast harder, my hips coming off the bed as I rub my clit faster, my pussy feeling empty and gaping and hungry for you. My hips begin to rock against my hand, the wetness trickling down the crack of my ass as I gasp and moan, pressing harder against myself. 

My face turns and presses into my pillow as I breath heavily, your scent all around me and mixed with the rising smell of my arousal. My still damp hair flows over my face and down into the hollow of my neck, a light sheen of sweat forming over my naked body as I writhe against my satiny blanket.

"Oh my God, oh baby yes! Give it to me! Come on you fucking pussy, just like that, come on baby!" I mumble to myself, completely lost in sensation.

My head starts to feel dizzy and the spirals in my stomach move around faster, like a tornado of pleasure, before suddenly exploding and washing over my body. I scream and moan loudly, "Ohhh...ohh...nnnnngggg...ahhhh....Shawnnnnn...."! My body stiffens and I whimper and pant, rubbing myself slower as the last waves crash over my body. I lay back and sigh as they abate, bringing my hand up and slowly licking my juices off my fingers, imagining that it's your huge cock that I am licking my taste off of. 

I finish and lick my lips, stretching and squirming my body contentedly amongst the tangled covers, my pussy lightly throbbing and pulsating. I blink my eyes lazily and grab my phone to set my alarm. As I open my cell, a picture of us two lights up the screen and I smile as I sleepily set the clocks to wake me in the morning. I set my phone next to the bed and curl up around my pillows on my side, my thoughts swirling around you as I drift off to sleep, tangled in the smell of you and I.