 You would not believe the day I just had. But the trials I went through escape me after coming home to you. Lying there after I drift off to sleep by your side.

It is much later that I open my eyes, and hear your gentle breathing beside me. In the moment I had no thought of the day I had just spent at work. My only thought is of you, and our shared passion. You were so kind and considerate. 

I glance over at the clock and realize I have not been asleep so long. It is only eight and I realize I am starving, and wonder for a moment how you spent your day. 

I glance over at your sleeping form and want nothing more to snuggle up to you, but I stop myself wondering how I can return the loving care you showed me tonight.

I carefully slip out of bed, careful not to wake you. A little concerned of what you might think if you awoke and I was not there, but I will only be gone for a moment.

I slip down to the kitchen and open the fridge, not sure what I may have. I shiver as I realize how cool I am getting standing there naked in the light of the refrigerator. I pull out a few things, and set them on the counter, then go to the pantry and find the bed table.

I take a moment to arrange it just right and then pick up the tray table and head back to the bedroom. You are so delicious sleeping there. I set the table on the floor, and crawl back in next to you. In your sleep you move away. I laugh and can not blame you. It is chilly in the house tonight.

I move close to you, brushing against you. This time you turn towards me, and your arm pulls me against you. I work my way over and start gently kissing your face. I do not want to startle you awake. I want you to wake gradually, pleasantly. 

I kiss your mouth, your chin, your nose, very softly but constantly. You stir a little. You move towards me slightly and I wonder if you are waking or incorporating the sensations into some far away dream. 

I blow softly in your ear a little and continue to work my way around your features. My hands start running them over your chest. I allow my nails to trip lightly against your skin. You stir a little more. Your eyes are not open yet. 

I press my open mouth against your lips, letting my tongue trace your closed ones. I run my tongue along the crease where your lips meet, and yours slowly open a little. You stir. 

I continue moving my hands; my tongue slowly sweeping back and forth across your lips. They open a little more and I allow just the tip of my tongue to enter your mouth. I hope you wake soon; for although I am enjoying myself, I have other plans. So I control the urge to sink my tongue deep into your warm mouth. Your eyes open a little. I don't think you are quite awake yet. So I continue lightly as sleep falls from you. Slowly waking dawns on you. You become aware of me. I find your tongue reaching out to meet mine, and I pull away and smile at you. 

Keeping my voice soft I urge you to sit up. At first you resist; trying to pull me back down to you. I lean over and give you a deep kiss and sit up. "Come on honey, sit up."

Slowly you scoot yourself into a sitting position, resting your back against the headboard. I smile at you and reach down and put the tray of food across your lap. Then I take my place across the small table from you; sitting back on my heels straddling your legs.

I am a little ashamed that I did not have better to offer you. I had not thought ahead so the mix is kind of strange, and I have no idea what you like to eat.

You survey the combination and laugh. There are some strawberries, grapes and a couple of bananas, and when you have fruit you must always have whipped cream. There are also some cold cut meat slices, and some cheese, a couple of rolls, and a piece of cherry chocolate cake. Actually I didn't think I did so bad for a spur of the moment thing, but was a bit put out that I couldn't find any vegetables in the house, that weren't frozen or canned.

You reach for a piece of cheese. I lean across the table and push your hands back with a devilish smile, and pick up the cheese and bring it to your lips. After you take it into your mouth, I run my finger over your lips as you chew. 

Then I hold a strawberry over the whip cream and you nod. So I dip it in and then place the strawberry half in my mouth, before leaning forward toward you. The cream covered tip extends towards you, inviting you to take it from my mouth into yours.

I lean towards you a little more. You smile at me for a moment, then lean forward and take the tip of the offered berry into your mouth biting down, leaving me the other half to enjoy. Ah, but there is a hint of whip cream left on my lips. I look deeply into your eyes my tongue slips out to remove it.

I am notice my thoughts drifting from the food to other things, and I refocus myself. Picking up a piece of meat and offering it to you. Leaning forward, you take it, sucking my fingers into your mouth as well.

I laugh a little and draw my fingers from your mouth, so that you may eat your food. I continue to feed you this way; offering you little pieces of cheese, meat, strawberries. I offer you a little of the wine we had earlier, but my hand in not too steady, and you dribble a little. You look for a napkin for a moment only to find me there, cleaning the little traces of wine from your chest with my mouth, mixing in little kisses along the way. I work my way to the corner of your mouth. 

I start to pull away to continue, but you reach out to me. I answer your lips with a deep passionate kiss. Our tongues meet and I become lost in the moment, until I start to shift my body to get closer, and bump into the table. 

I am brought back to the sweet moment we are in and laugh at my own impatience. I sit back on my heels and contemplate the tray of food. I pick up one of the rolls and tear off a little piece and eat it, then tear off a little piece for you and place it in your open mouth. 

Ah but I am not quick enough and you catch my fingers again. I smile as I remove them. You chew your bread and I place my fingers in my mouth and suck on them a moment, tasting myself as you just tasted me.

I break off a small piece of cake for you and notice how my fingernail sinks into the frosting. I hold it up to you. It is just a tiny piece but that is all that it needs to be. It is so sweet. 

As I draw my fingers away this time, you catch them. Examining them you see how the frosting is caught beneath my nail and place the offending finger into your mouth and suck deeply on it. I feel a little shiver run down my back. 

I wonder if this is having the same affect on you that it is having on me. I contemplate the food remaining. I can not skip the banana, I think as I pick up the ripe yellow fruit. I contemplate it then peel it. I almost afraid to look at you right now. I wonder if you are really enjoying this as much as I am or are you humoring me.

I contemplate the banana a moment, without looking at you; holding it out in front on me. Slowly I take the end of it in my mouth, letting my lips gently close around it. Then I look at you for a moment, not sure how to read the expression on your face. Then I open my mouth and push the banana in just a bit further and close my lips around it once more.

I close my eyes for a moment. Imagining it was not a banana in my mouth but you. Suddenly I wanted to take it deeper. I feel myself tense and I know I can not play like this much longer. I look over at you, then sit back on my heels, knowing you can not fail tonotice how hot and moist I have become when I rest on your bare legs. 

I take the banana from my mouth for a moment, and hand it to you. You look at me puzzled for a moment and I smile moving the table to the floor.

My concern vanishes as I do so, finally seeing you hard and ready for me.

I move towards you, still straddling your legs. I move as close to you as I dare to get. Sitting up on my knees, so close, that if I lower myself at all you would enter me. But I don't. I sit there and turning towards your hand, opening my mouth, waiting for you. 

You look for a moment from me to the fruit in your hand and then slowly place the tip of it on the edge of my lips. I kiss it gently while looking into your eyes and lowering myself just a hair so I can feel your hardness beneath me. 

You move the banana away and I straighten my legs; breaking the brief contact. You move it towards me again. I open my mouth to accept the fruit. This time you put it a hair deeper and in response I lower myself down a little further this time. Feeling your head push into me slightly. You push the banana in a little further and I lower myself again, resisting the urge to lower myself completely on you.

Next you pull it out a little, beginning to understand the game I had set up here. So despite my longing to drop further it was a sweet torture as I pull myself back up a little. Then you thrust the fruit deep into my mouth and I dropped down on you as I have been longing to do since we started. 

I sit there, feeling you deep with in me, wanting to move, but waiting. You get a twinkle in your eyes as you slowly, very slowly start pulling the banana from my mouth then almost painfully slowly I lift my weight up, sliding away from you. 

Suddenly you pull the banana quickly from my mouth, and for a moment, I feel the panic that I had done something wrong, but before I can fully pull up and free of you, you push your finger into my mouth. I sucked down on it as I judge its depth and try to place you equally within me. 

You play with me for a few minutes, pulling your finger in and out, without rhyme or reason. Although it was a sweet torture I wonder if you are not as ready as I had first thought. I don't know how much more of this my body can take. 

Just when I think I won't be able to control myself, a pattern begins to emerge; your hand moving in and out slow and deep. There are no more pauses, each thrust of your finger goes further into my mouth and slides back almost to my lips. I pick up the rhythm, lowering myself to match your finger's movement. 

I begin to feel you thrusting up to meet me, and with that comes the first intense wave within myself as my body meets yours. Your finger moves faster and faster and I match you stroke for stroke. I push down against you as you push up to meet me. 

I am afraid I can not last much longer. My legs are beginning to tire, my muscles tense against the unaccustomed activity. But I want to see this through and continue to find the strength to keep up with you. Suddenly I notice your finger was no longer in my mouth and before I can think I feel you exploding within me and I shutter feeling myself explode. I leaned forward and kiss you thrusting my tongue deep within your mouth, clinging to you.

When we finally break apart I look at you with wonder, hoping I have pleased you, knowing that in doing so I have pleased myself as well.