 I was driving to New Orleans for Mardi Gras a couple of years ago. Seeing a couple of Hitchhikers, I stopped to pick them up asked where they were heading.

“Mardi Gras!” 

“Already started on it have ya?”

Noticing how stoned they were. 

The girl laughed, “Hell Yeah, why waste time?” 

Her boyfriend asked if he could go to sleep in the back seat.

“Sure, Go ahead!” 

And he immediately passed out. I was hoping he wasn’t going to drool al over my car as I drove on. Her name was Charlene she said and his, looking back at her boyfriend, is Billy. I shook her small.

“Mine’s, Tom, nice to meet you.”

She is a real cutie, even with her eyes bloodshot from the early start they had on the partying. Blonde hair hanging just past her shoulders, dancing blue eyes, and a cute little turned up nose. As I glanced over I noticed she didn’t have huge tits, but they sure looked firm and sat high on her chest. 

“Can you roll?”

Looking over she asked me “Weed?” 

I nodded.

“Where is it? Let’s find out.” 

I pointed at the glove box and she got it out and rolled us a joint. We smoked it and feeling pretty good now for the 8 hours left of our ride. 

“How long she had been going with Billy?’

“He isn’t my boyfriend, He is my brother.”

Ahhhhh, it was getting better Mile by Mile. She was a really nice girl, with a great sense of humor I asked her how old she was 

“19, Billy’s 18”

I stopped to get us a soft drink to kill the cotton mouth.

“If you are underage then how did they get drunk?”

“We stole a bottle of Dads Bourbon before we left, Ya want some?” 

“I have to drive and that is all I need, a DWI somewhere in Mississippi!” 

Smiling at her. The more I saw her the cuter she got. 

“Do your parents know where you are?”

“They don’t give a shit, as long as we are not bothering them.”

“Can I lay down too?’

“OK, but it looks like he has the best spot.” I Pointed to Billy.

“That’s alright, I can fit OK here!” 

As she curled up on the front seat, her head against the window. I drove about 15 minutes and hit a huge pothole, her head bounced against the window hard, she shifted around putting her head in my lap as she did. She looked so innocent sleeping. I brushed her hair out of her eyes glancing down at her face. She mumbled something, smiled, and snuggled her head on my lap. I kept driving south.

I was tired having driven for 5 hours already today. And stopped at a motel got a room I woke Charlene up. 

“I got a room if you two want to get some sleep and a shower. If not the highways only a block down.” 

Sounds great to me!” 

We tried to wake Billy up. Nothing doing, he was dead to the world. 

“We can leave him a note in case he wakes up, I’m no rapist or anything! There are two beds.” 

She giggled “I didn’t think you were.”

We went in and turned on the TV. She watched it while I took a shower, when I got out, She got it. I sat on the bed and rolled another joint waiting for her to get out of the shower to light it. She had a hot little body I noticed as she brushed her hair and I told her so. 

She smiled at me said thanks then came over and we smoked the joint. Some stupid movie on, but being high we laughed watching it. She lay down with her face towards the TV, and her ass towards me, her legs bent up at the knees with her feet towards the ceiling crossed at the ankles, her knees were open about a foot or so. 

We finished smoking the joint. I noticed she had no panties on. Damn I thought, as I looked at her pretty little pussy, my dick was getting hard in my shorts. She passed the roach to me and stared at my crotch.

“I can see your balls.” 

“Paybacks are hell Charlene, I can see your pussy too!”

With that she opened her legs wider and told me to get a good look. Shy this girl wasn’t!

“It isn’t nice to tease people.”

“Who’s teasing?” 

Then she turned and gave me a kiss, stuck her hand in my shorts and grabbed my cock. I didn’t need a book to tell me what to do! I kissed her back and pulled her on top of me, her legs spread out and she humped me. I pulled her T-Shirt off, finally seeing her firm tits, putting one in my mouth I sucked gently on it’s hard nipple as her eyes rolled back and moaned. 

I squeezed her tight ass spreading it open and sticking my finger down the crack until I reached the slit of her pussy. Running my finger up and down getting it slick with her moisture. I rolled her over, slid down her, kissing all the way. Her pussy had the sweetest musky smell and her juice was thick and tasty. I ate her pussy as she grabbed my hair pushing my face between her thighs.

“No one has ever eaten my pussy before, Oh Fuck, it feels so fucking good, uhhhhhmmmmm, Fuck yeah, eat me, Lick it!” 

I moved my tongue to her clit and her hips bucked up when she came, her legs squeezing my head, pulling my hair, Cumming hard as I continued to suck her clit.

I stopped to take a breather and she pulled my shorts off, sucking my toes as she worked her way up to my cock. She knew what she was doing as she licked my balls then licked around the outside of them, using her lips to nibble then. She looked up with her pretty blue eyes and put her mouth on my hot cock, never taking them off mine. 

DAMN, this girl could suck, her mouth was so hot and her tongue swirling around the head poking it in my pee slit, then sucking back down. She kept it up for 10 minutes or so, always stopping when she felt I was nearing my orgasm, then resuming her oral assault on my cock.

“Either let me Cum or fuck me!”

She smiled and slid up rubbing her wet pussy along my leg leaving a trail of her pussy juice up it. She straddled my dick and slid her wet slit along it, teasing me mercilessly. My hips thrusting against her, trying to find her vaginal opening with the head of my hard cock. She would pull away and then return her torture of me, sliding it over her pussy lips. My cock was pulsating as I grabbed her hips.

“I have to have you NOW!” 

I was desperate to feel her pussy on my cock. She took my dick tenderly in her hand and put it in her pussy slowly pushing down, her head leaned back her chest heaving as I filled her with my thick cock. She began to move her hips in a circle and put her hand to her pussy, letting her middle finger rub her clit. She was One HOT Fuck! For 19, she was WAY ahead of her time in the sex department. This girl could Fuck, and I was the one she was fucking!

I started to pump my hips and she stopped me.

“No, I want to do it. Don’t you Move, Let me fuck you! Oh GOD, you feel so good in me, Please let me fuck you!” 

She asked, in a pleading voice. So I just lay back and let her do the “Work” if you can call fucking this sweet pussy work. I reached up tweaking her hard nipples, one in each hand. Her breath coming faster, as she tickled her clit, while her hips started bouncing harder on me. Her tight belly sucking in as her orgasm started.

I felt her pussy tighten up, her back went rigid and she sat on me shaking. Her passion overtaking her senses.

“Oh Fuck, Oh Fuck, Do it, NOW, Fuck Me NOW!” 

I thrust my cock into her, holding her hips as if I was going to buck her off while holding her on. Then I came, from the tips of my toes to the end of my hair, I felt it. Shooting spurt after spurt of hot Cum in her. Looking at the sweat beads on her upper lip, as she ground her hips on me roughly, pushing her clit against me in a final spasm, her legs going weak, falling across my chest.

As she lifted her pussy off me, some of our Cum dripped onto my belly. When she saw it she began to lick it off, moaning at the combined tastes. Damn she was nasty in such a good way, my kind of woman. We smoked another joint and I popped open a beer I had in my ice chest for us. Sucking the cold brew down, I kissed her again, thanking her for the best sex I had enjoyed in a long time. 

“I enjoyed it also, A LOT!”

About that time a knock came at the door, I put my shorts on and she got her T-Shirt on just as I opened it. Billy stood there rubbing the sleep from his eyes saying it was pretty shitty of us. Leaving him in the car to get eaten alive by Mosquito’s. We laughed, telling him we had tried to wake his drunk ass up.

I laughed even harder, thinking of how we were getting eaten up in here!

Authors Note:

This story is Pure Fantasy, it never happened, it was only written for, You the Reader, and my own enjoyment only! I do NOT believe in, or participate in Incest, Violence towards Women OR the Sexual Abuse of a Child of any age, consenting or not! If you enjoyed this story, please drop me an email with any suggestions or fantasies you would like to read about. Yes, I am a warped individual, but at least I still have my sense of humor! ;-) Thanks, mustanger7up