 Jackie had been our babysitter for more than four years. I remember when I had to pick her up and drop her off at home before she got her driver’s license. She has always been great with our son. I had watched her grow up and counseled her through those sometimes difficult high school years. We had even thrown a high school graduation party for her and her friends. Now she was getting ready to go away to college.

She had always been quite attractive, but it seemed to me that Jackie had really blossomed over the past year. And ever since her 18th birthday earlier that summer, Jackie had a new “air” about her. Something seemed different. Maybe it was her impending college departure. Whatever the reason, I found myself having illicit thoughts about Jackie on more than one occasion that summer. I felt somewhat guilty about my fantasies, but her firm, young body got my motor running every time I thought about her.

One Saturday night in August, my wife and son happened to be out of town visiting family. I had worked most of the day catching up on some details for a deal that I was trying to close. When I got home, I grabbed a cold beer and headed upstairs to take a shower. Afterwards, as I was drying off, I heard the doorbell ring. I wrapped the towel around my waist and went to see who was there. I opened the door, still dripping from the shower somewhat, and there stood Jackie wearing a tight, cropped white tank top that showed off her beautiful full breasts and a pair of very short, tight shorts. 

Her firm tummy was visible along with her sexy belly button ring. My mouth must have fallen open and I suddenly couldn’t say anything. I saw her looking at me, I swear, with a seductive eye and tried to wash that thought from my head. Then, I noticed her nipples grow in size and firmness until they poked against her shirt and realized that she must be turned on. I realized then that she must not be wearing a bra. She smiled at me and I finally cleared my throat enough to invite her in.

“I hope I didn’t get you at a bad time, Steve,” she said. (She had always called my wife and I by our first names).

“Not at all,” I replied. “I was just getting cleaned up. Grab something to drink if you want while I go throw some clothes on.”

I wanted to get out of there before my hardening cock gave away my true thoughts. I quickly ran upstairs and put on some shorts and a T-shirt. She was sitting on the couch sipping a beer of her own when I came back downstairs. I got one for myself and sat down opposite her.

“What’s up, Jackie? All set for school?”

“I guess, but I’m a little scared about leaving home and being away for so long.”

“You’ll have a blast, Jackie! I know it’s trite, but college may be the best years of your life. You’ll knock ‘em dead!”

“That’s what everyone says, but I still have butterflies,” she replied.

“What are you doing tonight?” I asked.

“Nothing much. I just had to get out of the house and figured that you and Stephanie would be home and might want some company. You guys are so much easier to talk to than my parents. I just needed to mellow out a little bit,” she answered.

“Well, Steph isn’t here right now. She and Bobby went to see her aunt in Springfield for the week. But, you’re welcome to hang out with me if you want.”

As the words tumbled out of my mouth, I knew it was a bad idea. Here I was, a 35 year old married man alone drinking beers with a gorgeous 18 year old knockout. But, when she smiled, I was hooked. And I think she knew it. 

We talked for what seemed like hours about everything under the sun. She really was advanced for her age. Curious about so many things and challenging my opinions on a number of subjects with well thought out reasonings. After several beers, she said that she should be getting home. I walked her to the door and she turned and gave me a big hug. We had hugged many times in the past, but this time I could feel her nipples poking through her shirt against my chest, her sweet tits pressed against me. She lingered longer this time as well, breathing lightly against my neck as she thanked me for my time. I felt my cock begin to harden in my shorts and was sure that she felt it as well. Finally, she pulled away. She said goodnight, then opened the door and walked to her car. I watched her go, her tight ass wiggling as she walked, slightly disappointed that nothing had happened, but relieved at the same time. My fantasies were to remain just that, fantasies.

She got into her car and tried to start it, but nothing happened. I walked down to her car and asked her what was the matter. She said that it wouldn’t start. I asked her to get out and then jumped in to try it myself. Sure enough, the car wouldn’t even turn over.

“I have a battery charger in the garage, but it may take a little while. Your battery seems to be completely dead,” I explained.

“Well, I guess I don’t have any choice. What time is it anyway?” she asked.

“Almost 11pm,” I replied. “Should you call your parents?”

“Probably. I’ll run inside and give them a call while you get my battery hooked up, ok?”

“Sounds like a plan,” I smiled at her.

She winked and then ran off to the house. I retrieved the charger, got it plugged in with a long extension cord and hooked it up to her car battery, then went back to the house myself. She was just hanging up the phone in the kitchen when I entered. 

“Was that your parents?” I asked.

“Yep, they said that they were glad that you were here to help. Of course, I didn’t tell them that Stephanie and Bobby were out of town,” she said with a smile.

“No big deal, right?” I replied as I felt myself stirring again.

“Nope. How ‘bout another beer?”

“Why not?” I said and grabbed a couple of cold ones out of the fridge. 

We went back to the living room, but this time she sat next to me on the couch. Her proximity was making me hot by the minute.

“I have a joint in my purse if you want to catch a buzz, Steve,” she offered.

Now, this was moving quickly into even more dangerous territory, but a little buzz did sound inviting.

“Sure,” I replied. “It’s been a while since I’ve smoked.”

She got out and lit the joint, then passed it to me. I took a hit then passed it back. I watched her seductively smoke the spliff which she promptly handed back to me. Pretty soon, we were nice and high, all smiles and giggles. Then she surprised me.

“I think the real reason I’m scared about college is that it will be tough for me to find new friends,” she confessed.

“No way, Jackie. You’re intelligent, fun to be around, and you’re absolutely beautiful.”

“Really? I don’t know. I’ve never been that confident with my looks or my body.”

Now it was my turn to be even more surprised.

“C’mon Jackie. Really? If you don’t mind me saying so, I find you very attractive physically. If I were in college right now, I’d be dying to get my hands on you. Literally…..”

“Is that why you got aroused when we hugged earlier?” she inquired.

“Mmmmm, you noticed that, huh? Well, sometimes it is tough for a man to control his physical response to stimuli,” I stammered.

“It’s tough for a woman, too. Tell me that you didn’t notice my nipples get hard when you came to the door in your towel.”

Neither one of use said anything for a full minute. Then, I got up and said I needed to check on the battery. What was going on here? 

As I came back into the house, I almost ran into her. As I began to say something, she put her finger on her lips and said, “shhhhhh.” Then she wrapped her hands behind my neck and pulled me to her. Our lips met and suddenly her tongue was in my mouth, thrusting deeply and urgently. I could feel her breasts pressed against me and I grabbed her tight ass in both hands and pulled her hard against my stiffening cock. She moaned audibly and I began to nibble her neck and earlobe as she thrust her crotch against mine. 

I was suddenly insatiable. If I had gone this far, I was going all the way. I craved this girl, this woman, like water on a hot day. I needed all of her. Right now.

My hands pawed her breasts and quickly probed under her tank top. Her nipples were like molten nubs of steel. Hot, hard and wanting. I lifted up her shirt and bent down and began sucking each nipple in turn hard into my mouth, tasting every taste her beautiful body had to offer. I gently bit down on each nipple as I suckled it. She gasped and cried out, having her first orgasm of the night. I needed more and let her know by ripping the lightweight material of her tank top and revealing her aroused tits below.

I smiled at her and then she surprised me again by dropping to her knees and yanking my shorts down to the floor. My huge cock flopped out and I could see that my arousal was complete. My head was engorged and covered with pre-cum. She grabbed my shaft and then licked around the head, tasting my cum for the first time. She looked up at me with a dreamy erotic stare that made me even harder, if that was even possible, and began taking me into her mouth, her eyes never leaving mine. My God, this girl could really suck cock!! She took me deep into her throat, then eased me out of her velvety heat. She continued to feast on my cock, wallowing in it like a woman in heat. 

That made it even hotter for me. Jackie LOVED my cock, loved sucking it, loved it in her mouth, loved it in her throat. These thoughts pushed me over the top and suddenly I was spewing the biggest load of my life into her mouth. She must have felt it coming because just before I erupted, she pulled back slightly so that only my head was in her mouth. This way she could taste and feel all of my cum as it blasted into her mouth. She continued to hold my eyes with her own as she drank down every drop of me, save the bit that escaped and dribbled out of the corners of her mouth, down her chin and onto her now exposed tits.

She continued to suck me until it was obvious that she had milked me of all of my juices. The she stood and kissed me again deeply. This time, her lips and tongue tasted like my cum which maintained my arousal at a very high state indeed. Now that we both knew what I tasted like, I needed to drown myself in her juices. But, I wanted to relish this much anticipated pleasure, so I took her hand and led her upstairs. She followed quite anxiously. I guess since we had already crossed the line, both of us wanted to take it as far as we could.

To ease my only slightly guilty conscience, I avoided Steph’s and my room and led her to the guest room instead. I removed my shirt so I was totally nude, then knelt before Jackie and unbuttoned her shorts and gently pulled them down her shapely legs. Her crotch was right at eye level and I could almost see the heat pouring off of her. Her panties were noticeably wet. I reached around to grab her ass and pull her toward me and felt my hands touching bare skin. I quickly realized that she was wearing a thong. Could this get any better, I thought? 

I laid her down on the bed face down and climbed on top of her. I began massaging her neck and shoulders while humping my still erect cock against her tight ass. She moaned continuously as my cock lubricated itself with more pre-cum, making her ass slick. I then pulled back and asked her to get up on her knees. When she was in position, I slid her thong to the side and began kissing and licking her ass cheeks, occasionally darting down to her asshole or pussy. She was pushing back against me furiously, wanting more contact, but I was going to make her wait. 

She decided to take matters into her own hands (literally) and began fingering herself as I continued my oral ministrations. Screw this, I thought, and quickly rolled her over, ripped off her thong and grabbed the inside of both of her knees and thrust her legs wide apart, diving in with full force and getting my mouth and face as deep into her pussy as I could. She was soaking wet, juices dripping down her thighs onto the bed below. Her taste was like something I had never known and instantly I was hooked. I would lick her pussy all night if she asked me to and would do anything to be able to have her again and again. She was so fresh and unspoiled and I wanted her all to myself.

I continued to tongue her and tried to focus more attention on her clit. I flicked it, nibbled it and sucked it as she thrashed beneath me having orgasm after orgasm. I can’t tell you how much it pleased me to know that I was giving her quite possibly the best sex that she had ever experienced, and she had still not as of yet felt my cock inside of her.

But, that time had come. I got to my knees and spread her even wider then rubbed my achingly hard shaft up and down her soaked slit. Each time I brushed her clit she shuddered. She grabbed my ass and tried to pull me closer to her, begging me to fuck her, fuck her now. I resisted and continued to toy with her, allowing my head to just penetrate her as I massaged her pussy with my cock. Finally, I couldn’t stand it any more and sunk myself completely inside of her. She was so wet that I buried myself to the hilt on the first thrust, but she was lockjaw tight. 

I had never felt a pussy so wet, warm and enticing. I lay there for a moment just savoring the feeling, looking into her eyes and seeing my fire returned in kind. I kissed her deeply, our tongues battling once again. I sensed a surreal feeling of connectivity, like in just this short time we knew what the other wanted, what they would respond to. Perhaps we were just kindred spirits of some kind, our chemistries matching just so. Or maybe I was deluding myself. We were just all sexed up and anything would have felt this intense at this moment. Either way, those were questions for later. Now was time for raw passion.

I withdrew slowly, savoring every inch of her heat, then slid back inside of her with urgency. I placed her legs on my shoulders so I could penetrate her even deeper, then began to fuck her in earnest. She was cumming almost constantly at this point, screaming my name, moaning from deep in her soul. I could feel my cum welling up from deep inside and couldn’t wait to fill her tight pussy with even more cum than she sucked out of me earlier. She had a hold of my ass to pull me as deep into her as she could. I felt enveloped by her, so deep that I could feel her cunt milking my cock, squeezing the head, desperate for my jiz. 

I locked my mouth on hers as I pushed with all my might. My cock expanded to epic proportions and she gasped even louder, and then my heat was streaming from my cock and filling her waiting pussy. I kept thrusting harder as I came time after time and she hit a new level of ecstasy and seemed to almost faint for a moment. When I was done, I laid there on top of her as her post-orgasm muscle spasms continued to squeeze my cock lightly and involuntarily. 

I rolled off of her and onto my back and she rolled with me, laying her head on my chest and her arm across me.

“Wow,” she rasped.

“Wow, is right,” I breathed.

We were silent for a few minutes, just getting our wits about us.

“Steve, that was the most intense experience of my life. I’ve never felt that way before. I couldn’t get enough of you. I didn’t want to take your cock out of my mouth. I didn’t want you to stop licking and touching me and I didn’t want you to stop fucking me. In fact, I can’t wait to do it all again,” she said as her smile beamed at me.

“Me too, Jackie. That WAS intense. But, you made it that way. You are so hot. You taste and feel like heaven. I’m the lucky one here,” I replied. “And don’t worry. You won’t have to wait long to do it all again, I promise.”

She giggled huskily and I felt my cock begin to grow yet again.

“You have great stamina for an old guy, Steve.”

“I’m not old!!” I yelled playfully.

“I know,” she said as she laughed again. “Just more experienced, right?”

“That’s it. Now roll over and let me show you some other things I’ve experienced,” I said as she rolled over. I lifted her up to her knees again and prepared to fuck her from behind, where my balls would be slapping up against her clit and really getting her going.

To Be Continued...