 I was eagerly waiting his arrival home. I had a long luxurious soak in a tub filled with exotic smelling bubbles and was now squeaky clean. I had taken my time shaving my pussy, so it was soft smooth and now very wet with anticipation of what was to cumm! I heard the key in the door and my heart skipped a couple of beats.

I grabbed him by his tie and pulled him close to me, my lips hungrily seeking his. 

I growled into his ear, "I want you now. I need you." 

I hadn't seen him for almost a week and was so horny that I was going to explode if I didn't get his hard cock into my mouth soon. I loved sucking him and tasting his sweet sperm. I loved feeling him blast his sperm deep into my throat. It was the most awesome feeling in the world. 

I pushed him onto his back, on the bed, tearing at his clothes. I had to get to his cock! I tore his shirt open, ignoring the ripping cotton as I yanked hard at the buttons. They flew around the room in all directions, scattering on the floor. I fumbled with his belt buckle, swearing under my breath. I was salivating at the thought of taking his warm, silky cock into my mouth, to feel the warmth and rigidity of his pulsating rod. 

"Oh God,if I don't get these damn pants off soon........" 

I tore at the zipper and pulled his pants down to his knees. As usual, he wasn't wearing any boxers and his cock sprang to attention before my hungry eyes.

It was a beautiful cock, standing 8 inches when rock hard with a beautiful shaped head. He had shaved himself that morning and it was nice and smooth. It was now very hard with a drop of glistening precum dripping down the side. I moaned loudly and dipped my head. I could smell the muskiness of him as my tongue snaked out and scooped up the sweet nectar. A long silky strand of precum stretched from his cock to my lips. My lips sank around his cock, sliding to the root in one gulp. He cried out and grabbed my head, forcing my lips closer to his stomach. I gagged slightly but hang on to his cock, now throbbing with a life of its own deep in my throat. I began to pump his cock in and out of my throat, my saliva coating his long,throbbing cock. As my mouth slid to the top of his cockhead, I looked up at his face. There was a look of pain in his eyes as I slobbered all over his cock. We had made a pact years earlier, that our cumm was for each other and each other only. That meant that whenever either of us was away traveling, there would be no orgasms without the other. No spilling of sperm nor pussy juices. It was really tough at times, but we managed to hold on to our juices until we were together again, knowing that the sharing of those juices would be oh, so sweet. 

I cupped his aching balls in the palm of my hand, pulling them up towards his cock. My tongue snaked out at his cockhead, swiping around the sweet spot. His hips thrust up against my mouth, trying to force his cock back into the warm confines of my throat. I laughed and took my mouth completely away from his yearning cock, leaning up to teasingly place a kiss against his lips. He growled and hungrily captured my tongue and began to suck at it. I pulled away and sunk between his legs again, taking his raging hardon deep into my throat. I could feel the cumm boiling in his balls and knew that it wouldn't be much longer until I had my first taste of his sweet cumm. I dragged the flat of my tongue against the length of his cock, from base to tip until a large blob of precum started to drip down his cock. I purred with anticipation, sweeping my tongue after the runaway drops. Sweeping the silky strings of precum with my tongue into my salivating mouth. What a wonderful sweet taste. 

"Mmmmmmmmmmm," I sighed. "I love this!!" 

I took his cock deep into my mouth again and started stroking with my hand at the same time. His balls grew tight in my hand and pulled up taut against his body. I knew he was ready to give me his creamy delight. I slowed down my administrations and his cock grew harder and throbbed inside my mouth. I could feel the cumm racing up his cock and suddenly it bounced off the roof of my mouth. Spurt after spurt filled my mouth as I hungrily swallowed all he had to give. He tasted incredibly sweet and I wanted every precious drop. I gently cleaned his cock and balls and lay there between his legs with his deflated cock between my lips. I lovingly kissed his cock and climbed up beside him. 

"Welcome home lover," I whispered.