 Note: This takes place after Sweet Amanda, Sweet Amber and Sweet A & A.

*****

It has been a while since Amanda was let go from Ganges by the Owner Sean. While her sister Amber wasn't happy with the dismissal, she still needed income to pay her huge outstanding bills and cover her monthly rent.

It was early evening as I walked into the bar and as usual, it was very quiet customer-wise. Amber was behind the bar. My mouth literally dropped when I saw her. She looked stunning. Her under-done make-up made her dark brown eyes pop. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail but the ends were in a tight curl. As she came around the bar, I saw that she was wearing a white summer dress with spaghetti straps. The bodice was tight but the skirt part was short, loose and easily displayed her naked long legs. The cute sandals she had on showed off the painted toes on her beautiful feet.

"Gerome!" Amber called out my name. She held out her arms for a hug. 

I gently cradled her head in my hands and pulled her lips to mine. Her arms wrapped around me and pulled me tight into her bosom. I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra. Blood started to rush to my groin.

Amber returned the kiss and invaded my mouth with her tongue. 

"Mmm... I've missed you!" I managed to utter.

A hand groped my crotch. "Yes, I can tell you've missed me... Or at least this part has."

We heard the front door squeak and broke off our embrace. I took my normal seat as Peter another regular entered. Amber served our drinks to us. Peter went to the back to shoot some stick. 

"Where's Sean?" I asked.

"Downstairs. I think he's having a nap." Amber confided. She checked the clock. "It's been a long day. I still have hours to go yet."

"Soon. Soon." I responded stupidly. "Feel like a shot?"

Amber nodded enthusiastically. "Usual?" 

She didn't really wait for a response before she poured a scotch for me and vodka for herself. "Cheers!" before we downed the drink in one.

"Whoa!" Amber wobbled a bit. "I felt that one. I haven't had anything to eat yet. My whole body feels flush."

She fell forward slightly and braced herself by wrapping my neck with her arms. Her hips were between my knees. She kissed me. Then kissed me again. And then again.

I grabbed hands full of her firm bum cheeks. Her hands fumbled with my zipper before successfully pulling out my hard dick. She stroked it a couple of times as she looked around before bending over and taking me in her hot mouth. Her head bobbed up and down like a piston on a V8.

She grabbed my butt and pulled her face into my crotch. She held it there with my knob pressing against the back of her throat until suddenly she stood straight up. 

"Gasp!" Amber panted for air. "I love sucking your cock! It feels so perfect in my mouth."

"I'm glad I can help you with that!" I managed groan out. 

The front door squealed again. Amber pulled my shirt over my bone. "Don't you dare put it away. I'm not finished with it yet."

Unfortunately the regular evening crowd started to filter in. When she could and if no one was looking, Amber managed to stroke me a couple of times when she walked by.

"Screech! Boom!" Inside went dark. The emergency light flickered on.

"What the fuck?!" Someone yelled out. 

"Did you see that?" Someone else said. "Some ass tried to beat the light and was T-boned. Knocked a couple of wires down."

Sean was now upstairs. After figuring out what happened, he told Amber she would need to do everything by hand. "We still open! You need to write everything down."

Amber got busy making notes and keeping track. Fortunately, it was still early and there were only a few customers, so replicating the orders on paper was relatively easy. 

There was only one emergency light, the rest of the bar was pretty dark. They all moved to the outside patio where the dim evening sky was still lighter than inside. Amber whispered into my ear. "Let me take care of them outside, then I'll take care of you."

Less than a minute later, Amber returned. She took a quick look around as her hand wrapped around my soft dick. "Hmmm. Seems I've neglected my work!" 

She pulled away my shirt and ducked her head into my crotch. She took my flaccid cock into her mouth and started sucking at me. I felt the blood flowing back and engorging my dick.

Satisfied I was hard enough, Amber let my cock pop out. She turned around and pulled up her short hem. "Fuck me! I need to be fucked. I want your cock inside me!"

I slipped off my stool and positioned myself behind her. Amber reached between her legs and guided my cock to her wet cunt lips. I held her hips as I easily pushed inside her well lubricated hole. 

"Fuck me! Fuck me hard!" She begged. 

I repeatedly slammed my hips into her ass. "God! She felt so good! So tight!"

"Amber! I'm going to cum!" I warned her.

"Yes! Cum inside me." Amber panted. "Come inside me now. I want to feel your cum inside me!"

"Oh gawd!" I started to shoot my load into her cum-sucking cunt. 

"Oh, G! I can feel you shooting inside me! Give it to me!" She begged. "Yes! Oh fuck, yeah!"

I gave Amber everything I had and emptied my balls inside of her until I was shooting air. Panting, I slowly pulled back. Amber shuttered with every millimeter I pulled out. 

Once out, Amber turned quickly and sucked my wilted stick clean. As I tucked myself in, Amber giggled. "Fuck!, You're dripping out of me. Feel!"

She took my hand between her thighs. I felt our juices running down.

"Amber!" Sean called from outside. She ran out to fill some drink orders and was not able to clean herself up a bit.

When she returned. "G! It's dripped down my entire leg."

The power didn't return that night. Sean decided to close a bit early. Amber collected from everyone. All the regulars are pretty honest and overpaid so she wouldn't be short.

"Want a lift home?" I asked her.

"Sure!" Amber enthusiastically answered. "It's going to be impossible to get a cab here now. Thanks, G."

"Oh, I'm sure we can find an appropriate way for you to thank me." I replied. 

And we did.