 I stopped off at Ganges my local for a few brews early evening. It was a couple of days after I discovered Melissa was earning some extra cash as a "masseuse" at my regular rub and tug. Well it wasn't so much of a "rub and tug" as it was a "rub and bare back fuck" spa. 

As I related previously, I had been seeing Summer regularly where she let me fuck and cum inside her cunt. That special day, Summer was away and Melissa was the only girl available at that time. Being too horny to say no, I agreed to Melissa. Only when she walked in the room did I realize it was Melissa who worked the bar at my local, Ganges.

Anyways, I walked in to the bar and Melissa already had my beer waiting for me at the end of the bar. The bar area was narrow and ran long from front to back with a few tables and booths in the front. Brian was drunk and asleep as usual in one of the booths. The front patio had a number of tables and a couple of patrons sitting and smoking. The bar itself ran parallel to the room and was open at both ends. The far end curled around. That's where I usually sat. It allowed me to drink and look at the servers who were fortunately all females. 

I took my seat. Melissa immediately came over and gave me a huge hug and a kiss on the lips. "Thanks for keeping everything quiet, Gerome." She smiled. "I really enjoyed it though."

"You're welcome and me too." I took a long pull from the bottle. My hand was on the small of her back. 

Melissa looked around and lowered her voice a bit. "I was so fucking horny. I can't believe how hard you made me cum! I was still so horny after you left, I even went home and fucked Doug... Made HIM use a rubber of course."

We chuckled together.

Mike and Terri, the only other awake people in the bar, paid their tab and left. It was just the two outside, sleeping Bryan and us. Sean the owner was away the next couple of hours and the kitchen was closed since the cook quit two days ago.

"Mel!" I held up two fingers. 

"Great idea!" Melissa said elated. She grabbed a couple of shot glasses. She poured me a Johnnie Black and a vodka for herself. She carefully placed a lemon wedge on top of hers. 

"Cheers!" We both said as we clinked glasses, brought it to our lips and gulped the contents. She sucked on the lemon.

Melissa grabbed the nape of my neck and pulled my lips to hers. A hot, wet tongue pierced through and tangled with mine. I could taste the vodka and lemon on her tongue.

"Thanks, babe!" She grinned. 

"Melissa!" A voice called out from the patio.

Melissa put the empty glasses into the dishwasher and ran out to see what they wanted outside. When she returned, she grabbed a couple of tall boys and poured a couple of more shots. She placed the shots in front of me and took the beers outside. Bryan was still asleep.

"Those guys have been here for hours. Good thing or I'd have nothing to do." She place her hand on my thigh. "And now with you here, I'm sure I could find something to do."

We drank our shots. Her hand returned to my thigh except this time, higher, then higher and then grabbing my now hard cock through my pants. "Mmm... Better not waste this!"

Melissa looked around and undid my pants. "Oooo! Gee, commando!" Her hand slipped inside and pulled out my bone. As she stroked me, she took a quick look around and licked her lips. Her head started to go downward but "Oop!"

In walked Richard. "Hi Mel. Hey Gerome! I'll be in front with Mike and Terri!"

"Okay. I'll bring it out." Mel answered back then looked at me. "Do not move or put that away under any cir-CUM-stances!"

She took Richard's drink to the patio and came back. She fisted my shaft again. "Nice cock you have there, Mister." 

She checked around again and this time she ducked her head down. Her hot, wet mouth engulfed my cock. I felt my knob hit the back of her throat. There was still two inches left before she bottomed out. I didn't think she could do it, but Mel grabbed my ass and forced my cock down her throat.

"Oh fucking gawd!" I groaned.

She started bobbing her head up and down, taking me totally in each time. I reached down and pulled her shirt up. With a practiced move, I unclipped her bra with one hand. I played with her tits. They were soft yet firm but her nipples were rock hard.

Melissa stood up suddenly and gasped for air and then, "Fuck! You're so fucking hard. I need it in me!"

I turned her to the bar and used my feet to kick her legs apart. I hooked my thumbs into the waist of her Lulu lemon pants and pushed everything down as far as they would go. Mel braced her hands against the bar and pushed her ass back. I held my cock and ran the head up and down her slick slit.

"Gee! Put it in! Fuck me!" Mel begged quietly. "Quick! Fuck me hard!"

Needing no more encouragement, I found her hot, wet hole and pushed it inside her. I started thrusting my hips back and forth. "Oh fuck, Mel! You feel so good!" I grabbed her tits and tweaked her nipples hard between my thumbs and index fingers.

"Oh yeah! Fuck me! Don't stop! I'm so fucking close!" Mel groaned. "Just a lit... uhhhhh! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Ohhhh!"

Melissa's cunt started pulsating and sucking at my cock inside her. It was pulling the cum from my balls. I could not hold back any more. "Melissa! I'm going to cum inside your unprotected cunt!"

"Yeah, Ger! Give me your cum! Come inside me!" Mel was groaning loud. "Oh fuck, yeah! Give it to me now, bitch!"

I started shooting my load. "Uhh! Uhh! Oh fuck!" Was all I could manage as I emptied my balls inside of her. 

Both of us rested there and panted. I wrapped my arms around and hugged her from behind.

"Oh fuck! Hee, hee!" She giggled. "I've never done it here before. That was fucking hot, Gee."

I slowly pulled out and zipped up. I bent over and kissed her bum and could see some of my white cum start to leak from her hole. Melissa didn't even bother with it and just pulled up her pants. "I want to feel it for the rest of my shift."

Suddenly we hear, "Yeah, yeah! Fucking Argo will be just like the Leafs. Bums! Useless!"

It was Sean returning. 

I returned to my seat and ordered a couple of more shots. "One for my baby and one more for the road."

"K, Meliss." I said (I often drop the "a") and placed the empty shot glass on the bar. "Got to go."

"Hey, Doug is away tomorrow night. Come for dinner." Melissa invited me.

"What? Are you sure?" I asked about her husband in a concerned tone. "What if.. and your daughter."

"Doug's away and you won't have to worry about him! Emmie's at her Grams." Melissa pleaded. "Ple...aze?"

"Okay, I'll see you tomorrow."