 If you read about my other "Sweet MILF" tails (pun intended), then you know that about my MILF exploits at Sean's bar called Ganges. 

It was a relatively hot summer's day. I was lounging on the back deck enjoying the heat and quiet when that familiar brr..oomm sound of a cheap lawn mower started up. My eyes peeked open to see where it was coming from. 

My backyard was pretty enclosed by tall bush and trees. It really felt like it was isolated from view by any neighbours... Almost. Even though the tree line between me and next door was dense, you could still see through. 

"Vicki!" I shouted in my mind. My deck was raised in comparison to Vicki's back yard and made it easier to stare down at her. "Ooo, she's looking hot!"

Vicki was dressed in a tight white tee and short shorts which really accentuated her tight little body. She couldn't be more than five feet tall or weigh more than 100 pounds soaking wet. She had no real tits to talk about and her legs were a bit on the skinny side, but she had an ass worth admiring.

I watched as she pushed the cutting machine back and forth. I guess her shorts were too tight. Every so often, Vicki would stop, look around and pull out the material from between her ass cheeks or from between her legs. I never wear underwear while I'm at home. So my dick started to grow out the leg hole of my very loose shorts. Knowing that I was pretty much hidden from my other neighbours and the fact that Vicki was unaware of my presence, I started stroking myself as I watched.

"Bbbrrruuu... Pttt... Pttt..." Silence.

Vicki smacked the sputtering machine and then kicked it. She grabbed the rip cord and pulled it a couple of times but to no avail. She booted the machine again. It looked like she was cursing under her breath. With her hard ass towards me, she bent over and opened the gas cap to look inside. 

Vicki stood up and put her hands on her hips as she stared at the malfunctioning contraption. She looked around and spotted me through the bush. Instantly I stopped playing with my dick and hid myself. I wasn't sure if she realized what I was doing.

"Gerome!" She waved at me and started walking towards me. There was no direct path so she needed to walk around a bit. Hopefully it was enough time for my boner to subside a bit. I pulled the legs of my shorts over my stiffy just in time as Vicki appeared around the corner. "Hey, Gerome. Nice hot day to enjoy the sun, eh?"

"Hi Vicki. Yeah." I acknowledged. "Are you having a problem with your lawn mower?"

"Yeah. I just died for some reason. There's gas in the tank but it won't start." Vicki told me.

"Want me to take a look?" I asked.

"Please?" Vicki replied with a cutesy look.

I stood up. Vicki's eyes stared directly below my waist. I looked down as saw that I wasn't completely soft yet. There was a bulge, not a big bulge but a recognisable one. I looked up at Vicki. She was still staring at me. She licked her lips.

"Uuh... Vicki?" I asked.

"Yeah? Uumm... yeah!" Vicki shook herself back to reality.

As we walked to her side, I asked about her husband. "Where's Don?" 

"Oh, he's up at the cottage with the kids." Vicki informed me. "He can work from up there, but it also means he can't come back during the day to take care of things here."

Standing over the non-functioning mower, I gave it a careful scan to see if I could see anything obvious. I pulled at the rip cord and heard it not even try to start. "I think I know what is wrong. The same thing happens to mine sometimes."

I popped open the air filter and found it was complete clogged with grass. The engine wouldn't start because it was oxygen deprived. I cleaned it a bit and put it back together. One pull on the cord and the machine jumped back to life. "There you go!" 

Vicki beamed. "Thanks, Gerome! Wow. I doubt if Don would have figured it out."

I turned to leave, when Vicki called out. "Gerome! I'm almost finished and have some fresh ice tea if you are interested."

"Tell you what. How about if I finish off here for you and you can get the drinks?" I countered.

"Sound great!" Vicki agreed.

There wasn't too much left to do and so I was finished in about 10 minutes. Just in time for Vicki to come back out. Her back didn't have much of a patio so I said, "Why don't we go to my deck next door? Plus I have a little more protection from the sun." 

"Okay!" Agreeing with me again.

"And a lot more private." I said to myself.

As Vicki placed the drinks on the table, I got out another chair for her to sit on. "Sorry, I only have one foot stool. Share?"

We move the chairs so basically we were facing each other. The cool beverage was great, but needed a kick. "Uh, not to complain and thank you for the ice tea but would you like a little vodka in yours?"

"Thought you would never ask." She smiled. "I have to make it this way for the kids."

I returned with an ice cold bottle of Grey Goose that I kept in the freezer. I poured us each a pretty heavy shot.

"Wow, that's great! I needed that." Vicki commented after a large gulp. "That's the other reason I don't get too upset with Don not coming back to help. With the kids around, I really can't drink. Don doesn't really drink either so we don't have any alcohol too often."

"Well you are always welcome to join me here." I offered. "Fridge is usually full."

I watched as the condensation dripped from Vicki's glass on to her shirt and between her breasts. She might not have big tits, but her hard nipples were sticking out like Bing cherries on a tree. Intentionally or not, she leg her legs part slightly. The material of her shorts was tight and dug deep along her crotch. Her fat camel toe stared at me. 

"Shit!" I thought as I started to feel my cock stir along my inner thigh. I'm not huge but I know it's big enough to poke out the bottom of my shorts when it's hard. If I made a move to hide it or keep it covered, she'd notice. But then if I did nothing, my dick head would definitely make an appearance.

"My god! It's hard..." Vicki started rubbing the cold glass along her forehead. "...to stay cool."

"Yes, it is certainly getting hotter for sure." I responded.

Vicki lowered the glass and rubbed it against her nipples. The wet spot made her tee shirt transparent. There was no stopping or hiding my bone now. Her legs were spread wide now. I spotted a tiny wet spot forming between her fat pussy lips. Her finger collected the drips from the glass and wiped them into her slit. "Fuck! I'm so hot!"

She placed her glass on the table. With one hand she pulled the leg opening of her shorts aside and with her other started rubbing her well lubricated gash. She extended a leg and used her foot to rub my full-fledged boner. "My god, Gerome! Don's got nothing on you! You're huge compared to him!"

Vicki's fingers dug deep inside her. Her head was back and her mouth gaped open. It wasn't going to be long before she screamed. "Ooooh gawd! I'm cumming! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"

I was using her foot to masturbate my cock as I watched her climax. 

Gasping for breath, Vicki looked at me with wild hunger. "I need your cock!"

Vicki moved between my knees and pulled off my shorts. She took me in her hot mouth and had no problems taking it deep. Her lips bottomed out against my base but amazingly, she was still able to use her tongue to lap at my balls. Her head bobbed up and down like a yoyo. 

I wasn't going last a long time so I grabbed the back of her head and held it down so my cock entered her throat. I held it there for a good twenty seconds before she struggled slightly. I held it there for another ten before she had to push off. 

"You fucking bastard!" She smiled. "But now I need it inside my cunt!"

Vicki stood up and turned around. She pushed down her shorts around her ankles. She lowered her ass and positioned it until my knob pressed against her slit opening. Then she slowly descended as I slid inside her. She was tight like the rest of her body.

"Oh my god! It's been forever since I've had a big hard cock inside of me." Vicki groaned. "Fucking toys just don't feel the same."

Bracing herself against the chair armrests, Vicki raised and lowered her ass slowly to start but then increase her pace with each stroke. Her cunt squeezed me harder and harder. "Vicki! I'm going to cum!"

"No not yet! Not this way!" Vicki protested.

She got off of me. My cock was coated with her hot, wet juices. Vicki spread her legs and bent over holding herself up against the foot stool. "Fuck me like this! Fuck me hard!"

I stood up and moved behind her. I easily re-entered her fuck hole. I held her ass and started to slam my cock in and out of her. "Oh yes, Gerome! I'm going to cum! Cum inside me! Please! I need it now!"

I could hold back any more anyways. Jet spray after jet spray flooded inside of her sucking womb until I had nothing left. "Oh god, Vicki! Uuh! Uuh! Uuh!"

I slowed down to a gentle rhythm. Each time I re-entered her, I could feel her body spasm and her cunt walls tighten. Still inside her, we both fell back into a chair.

"Oh God, Gerome! That was so good!" Vicki turned around to kiss me. "I haven't been fucked that good since... I don't remember."

Even though it felt so nice and the fact her cunt still pulsed and tried to keep me inside, it softened and slipped out. I felt hot goo drench my crotch area. Vicki stood up and knelt between my knees. She looked up at me and smiled before she started to lick me clean and dry.

By the time she finished, I was hard again. We went inside the house to do it again and again and again. By the time Vicki was finished with me, I was a useless blob of jello.

As we laid on my bed, Vicki cradled in my arms; head resting on my chest. "Gerome, thank you. I really needed a cock inside me for so long."

When I asked about Don, she said. "First, he's barely interested. Second, his dick is less than half the size of yours. Third, when he does fuck me, it's once then he falls asleep. And he's never made me cum."

I kissed her forehead.

"Not like you. You're a real good fuck." Vicki smiled at me. "You're definitely a man I love to fuck."