 "Oh! Hello." I greeted a new girl behind the bar at my local.

Ganges was a dank place I went to go and drink at. All the bar tenders were girls and are for the most part pretty cute. 

"Hi. I'm Amber." The tallish girl answered with a broad smile. "I'm Amanda's sister."

"Hi. I'm Gerome. Nice to meet you." I shook the extended hand of the pretty, long haired brunette with sparkling eyes.

"Oh! Amanda told me about you." Her smile brighten even more.

"Uh-oh..." I responded. Amanda also worked at Ganges but I haven't had the pleasure of doing her.

"No, no! All good." Amber quickly assured me.

As per normal during a weekday afternoon, the bar was pretty empty. Only Sean was there and he was napping in a booth. 

I watched as she punched in my beer in the register, popped the cap and placed it on the bar in front of me. Amber stood about 5'7" with a pretty slim built but with a nice set.

"Wow, is it always like this in here?" Amber asked.

"Yeah, pretty quiet in here, but it will pick up later... Maybe." I informed her. "Usually better late night when the entertainment starts."

"Great!" Amber said in a sarcastic tone. "I'm working days. Tuesday and Sundays."

"You know how to get more in here? Wear stilettos." I joked. "At least just for me. I'd be here every day if you did."

"Yeah, right." Amber laughed.

Since there wasn't anyone else to serve, we talked a lot. Amber finished with school, but at only 19 finding a good paying job was limited. She said she wasn't really working anywhere else which I thought was weird otherwise how would she support herself. 

At the end when I had to leave, Amber gave me a warm hug. "It was nice talking with you. Hope to see you again next time."

Unfortunately I was out of town on the Sunday, but was there again on Tuesday. Again, Ganges was empty. Even Sean was out buying supplies for the bar.

Amber greeted me with another warm hug. "Hi, Gerome! I'm so bored."

"Mmmm... Busy in here again, I see." I commented as Amber placed my beer in front of me.

She held up her index finger and ducked below the bar. When she rose back up, she seemed taller. I could hear clicking as she walked around to me. She smiled as she nodded her head in the direction of her feet. I looked down to see her wearing 4-inch high heel, strappy sling backs. "Just for you... At least until someone else comes in." 

"Wow, Amber! They look great on you." I was extremely pleased. She wiggled her red painted toes at me. 

"You like?" She asked.

"No. I love!" I pulled out the stool beside me. "Sit." 

Amber hopped onto the chair. Her skirt rose well above her knees. I cradled her calf and pulled her leg up. Initially she didn't know what was going on but quickly figured it out. I placed her leg across my lap and caressed her foot. I moved it between my thighs and massaged her toes.

"That feels nice, Gerome." She cooed as she pressed her sole into my hard groin.

Amber let her legs part slightly and pulled her hem up even more to show me her panties. They were a small triangle of black lace that barely covered her hairless pussy. 

"No! No! You not welcome!" We heard being shouted from just outside. It was Sean returning.

Amber quickly removed her foot and hopped down. She brushed down her skirt and scurried back behind the bar. As Sean entered, Amber's height dropped back to five foot seven.

It was very frustrating for me for the rest of the afternoon. With Sean there and a couple of other customers now in, I had to share Amber. I could tell she was frustrated too. Each time she passed, she would slide a hand across my shoulder or arm. Or she would stand next to me and sneak a hand between my legs to squeeze my cock.

When I had to leave, I couldn't believe how fucking horny I was. 

Next day, I woke with a massive hard on which needed attending to. I knew that jacking off would not be satisfying so I decided to go to my usual "rub and tug" where they do more than jerk you off. Melissa didn't work there anymore so no bareback. But even if I had to wear a rubber, fucking pussy would be more satisfying than the "Palm sisters."

I was buzzed in the front door and was greeted by the hostess. "We only have one girl available. Amber will be available in two minutes otherwise you'll have to wait about an hour."

"Fine." I was too horny to wait.

I was lead to an empty room and paid the door fee for an hour. I stripped down to take a shower. After drying off, I sat naked on the "massage" table and waited.

"Knock...knock!" Said the voice through the door that cracked open. 

I looked up to see what this Amber looked like. My jaw dropped when I recognised that it was Amber from Ganges.

"Gerome! What are you doing here?" Amber mouthed quietly as if she didn't want to be heard. She entered and closed the door behind her. "How did you find out I was here?"

"Amber!" I was still a little in shock. "I swear I didn't know you worked here. After yesterday, I was so horny and hard, I needed to get some relief."

Amber was dressed in a black bra and the tiny red lace panties. She wore the strappy heels she wore yesterday.

"You look hot!" I complimented. That seemed to relax her a bit.

Still with a bit of trepidation she gave me a hug. My boner stuck straight out and poked her soft, flat belly. 

"After my shift yesterday, I rushed home and played with myself." Amber giggled. "I must have cum four or five times."

She stripped off her clothes and hopped onto the table with me. Straddling my thighs with my hard cock pressed against her already slick slit. She giggled more. "Guess I'm still a bit horny too!"

I laid back to enjoy the ride. Amber still had her heels on and they were digging into my thighs which seemed to heighten the excitement. She reached back and grabbed a small, foil packet. She used her teeth to rip it open and pulled out the latex protection before rolling it onto my hard dick. She leaned forward and kissed me on the lips. Her hips raised high enough for the tip of my dick to slip into proper position and slid in her cunt as she slowly sat all the way down. Her head jerked back and her body shook. She screamed. "Oh fuck!" 

Her body shuttered a couple of more times.

"Oh god, Gerome! That feels so good!" Amber panted. Her ass started to slowly pump up and down. "I've needed a cock inside me since yesterday. That dildo didn't really do it for me."

I lost track of time on how long we stayed in that position. 

"Can we change? My knees are getting sore." Amber asked as she dismounted me.

She laid on her tummy; her legs spread and pussy open and glistening. I slipped my dick back inside her as I laid on her back. I slid my hands underneath her arms and grabbed her wrists so she couldn't move as I started to pound her cunt.

"Oh YES! Hold me! I can't move! I can't resist you!" Amber moaned. "Your cock is deep inside me! Fuck me!"

I drove my hips hard into her and slapped against her ass.

"Oh gawd! I have no control. You can take off that condom and fuck me bare back and I can't do anything about it." Amber cried out. "Oh please!"

I lapped her wrists over so I could hold both with one hand. I pulled out my dick. She whimpered slightly. I pulled off the rubber and pushed myself back inside her. It was a different feeling having my uncovered cock inside her naked pussy. I laid back on top of her and held the rubber in front of her face.

"Amber. Look!" I ordered and restarted pounding her ass.

She opened her eyes and gasped. "Oh no! You're cock is inside my unprotected cunt!"

I flipped it on the floor so she could see it as I fuck her hard. I could feel her body try to thrash around beneath me, but my body weight restricted her quivering. I knew she was cumming and I wasn't far behind. 

"Oh please! Cum inside me!" She begged. "I need it feel you cum inside me! Cum inside my unprotected cunt!"

I was already committed to cum inside her anyways permission or not, but now...

"Uuuh! Uuuh! Uuuh!" I grunted as I shot five or six big, hard loads inside her. 

"Yes! Yes! Y..E..S..!" Amber screamed loudly. "Fu..u..u..ck! Yes!"

Both of us laid there until our spasms subsided. My dick remained hard and pulsed inside her squeezing pussy walls. 

Finally I pulled myself out of her. Her knees apart and her freshly fucked hole gaped. Nothing came out. 

"Jesus, Gerome! That was fucking great! I can barely move." Amber purred. 

We took a shower together to clean off. I waited as she cleaned the room. I paid her the expected "donation" and left the room with her. As she walked me to the door, the idle girls were waiting for us and smiled knowingly.

Amber gave me a hug and kissed me on the lips. She stuck something in my hand and whispered. "Come by my place tonight and we can do this again for free."