 Feeling a little sore and a whole lot horny, I decided to visit my current favourite "spa" for a nice relaxing massage and a hard fuck. I walked in and was greeted by the overly plump receptionist. 

"Hello." She said after recognizing me. "Summer right? Sorry but she called in sick today. The other girls are busy for the next 45 minutes and I only have Melissa available right now."

"Damn!" I said to myself. "Summer is a great fuck and I do her bareback."

Thinking about Summer and what I would do to her had made me more and more horny. I really needed to fuck someone bareback or not."

"You are a repeat customer so I can offer you an hour and only charge you for half." Plumper girl tempted me. "Melissa is a real hot MILF, if I say so myself."

"Fine." I answered. I paid her the fee and was led to the empty room. 

"You know the drill. Please have a shower." She instructed. "I'll send Melissa up in 5. Don't worry. I know you will enjoy her."

I stripped off my shirt and stuffed my socks into my shoes. Since I always visit here commando, I only needed to take off my button down 501's. I hopped into the shower taking effort to make sure my cock and ass were clean. After drying off, I sat on the massage table and waited.

"Knock! Knock!" The door slowly opened. 

Then my mouth dropped open. I recognized her before she recognized me. It was the same Melissa who worked behind the bar at my local. 

"Hi, I'm Mel...." She stopped in mid-sentence after realizing who her client was. "Ger!?"

My name is actually Gerome, but Melissa always referred to me as Ger or sometimes just Gee.

Melissa stood about 5'8" in the 4-inch heeled slippers she wore. Pink painted toe nails peeked through the open toed shoes. She wore a pink nightie over her rubenesque body. Her breasts and cleavage were proudly prominent and only slightly hidden by her thick and long dark brown hair. Her generous lips were shiny from the lip gloss she constantly applied. Her massacre-ed eye lashes and heavy lined lids made her eyes pop.

"Mel!" It was all I could manage in reply.

"What are you doing here?" She asked. "Duh! Stupid question!"

As I said Melissa tended bar at Ganges, my local watering hole. There was something about her I always found hot. She always greeted me with a big hug and wet kiss and the same when I left. I noticed she kind of gave the other patrons a slight hug if they kind of forced themselves on her. There seemed to be this mutual attraction between us and I would have loved to take things further with her but ....

Melissa had a pre-school daughter Emmie and married to Doug. Well when she mentioned Doug, she always referred to him as "boyfriend-kind-a husband." Never just "husband" so I wasn't sure if they were actually married. I had met both Emmie and Doug a couple of times. Emmie was very cute and precocious, but Doug seemed dull and uninteresting. I hope he had a big dong otherwise why did she "marry" him?

Mel put down her supplies and then turned to me. "Please don't tell anyone at Ganges or Doug. No one knows I'm working here. Money is real tight right now and Sean doesn't pay enough and won't give me more hours. Doug is, well what can I say."

"Mel, your secret is safe with me. Why would I want to advertise and share you with any of those idiots from that place?" I assured her. "How long have you been working here.

"Started last week. Do you always come here?" Mel asked me.

"Yeah, I usually get Summer but she's sick and they said you were available." I told her.

"Oh. Okay, did you want to get started?" Mel pointed at the table. "Want me to start massaging your back first? Oil?"

"Right. Just a little. I don't want to leave an oil slick anywhere." I laid face down. I guess the conversation and such allowed my cock to soften a bit. It was soft enough that when I laid tummy down, it pointed downward between my thighs. My head was turned to the left and was able to watch Melissa.

She poured a bit of oil into her palms and rubbed them together before placing them on my upper back. Her warm soft hands spread the lubricant over my back. "Hard?" 

"I'm sure it will be hard by the time you're finished." I joked.

"Ha, ha!" She laughed. "Right? No I meant do you want the massage hard or soft."

"Hard. Everything hard." I continued the jest.

I dropped my arm down and felt for her leg. Her skin was silky soft. I ran my hand up her outer thigh and found her panty covered bum. "Mmm. Your hands are nice." She moaned. "Let me get undressed for you." 

I watched as she stripped off the nightie. She reached around and undid her frilly red bra releasing her plump breasts. Her nipples were already hard and berry sized. She hooked her fingers into the waist band and pushed down her matching red French cut panty. She was shaved except for a tiny trimmed soul patch millimeters above her already wet slit. 

As she returned to massage my back, I slide my hand between her thighs. She spread her legs slightly allowing me access to her crotch. My finger slide between her lips. "You're so wet already!" I told her.

"I started getting wet as soon as I saw it was you." Mel replied. That made me rock hard.

She moved to let my finger slip in a little deeper. "Oh fuck, Gee!" She groaned and jerked back slightly but not away. "You're going to make me cum!"

I doubled my efforts. I curled my finger inside her and hit that magic spot. "OH FUCK!" She squealed. She had to pull away and laid her head on my back. "You made me come so fast!" 

She was panting slightly. "It's been a while since I've cum. Doug has been acting like an ass. He hasn't touched me in a year. I swear if it hadn't been for vibrators and my big, black dildo..."

Melissa climbed on the table and massaged my lower back. Her dripping cunt was humping against the back of my thigh as she pushed her hands down. "Fuck, Gee. That was so nice. You don't know how long I've wanted to be naked with you."

"Mel, I've wanted you since the first time I set eyes on you." I confessed. "But I didn't know if you were open to it."

Her oily hands kneaded my butt cheeks. She ran her thumbs up my crack and down to my balls. Her fingers danced along my stiff. "Hmmm. If I knew you had this, I would have given it up to you long ago."

I felt my pre-cum leak out from my piss hole. Melissa used her fingers to milk it out and collect it. She placed a finger at the top of my crack and push it in and down. Her long finger nail scraped the outer part of my ass hole. I pushed my bum back a bit, giving her the okay. She placed the pad of her finger right on the opening and wiggled it around. She spreading whatever lube she had on her fingers into me until her finger slipped inside.

"Oh fuck, yes!" I grunted as she started to finger fuck my ass hole. 

"You're a fuck'n sick puppy, are you?" Mel giggled. "Raise your bum, bitch!"

I lifted my butt. She slowly extracted her finger, placed her hands on my cheeks and spread them. I felt her hot breath on my ass; then an almost timid lick; then another and then a hard full tongue licking.

"Oh gawd!" Were the only words I could muster. I didn't realize how long her tongue was. I felt a wet, pointed tip wiggle against me and then she held my hips as she applied more force with her tongue. I could offer no resistance, nor would I have anyways. Her strong, slick tongue pushed through easily. It felt long, almost three or four inches long. 

Her hand grabbed my cock and stroked. I felt her face against my ass as she fucked me with her tongue. 

"Oh gawd, Melissa! Yes! Fuck me with your tongue." I cried out.

Suddenly, she pulled away. She made me get off the table, before she laid down on her back. She had me mount her 69, my legs under her shoulders and then used her leg to pull my head into her cunt. I greedily used my tongue to lick and suck all the juices that were pouring out. She continued to tongue assault my ass hole. More pre-cum poured out from me and coated her full breasts. She pushed her breasts together and started giving me an incredible tit job.

"Oh, fuck Melissa! You're going to make me cum!" I alerted her.

She sucked both my balls into her mouth and bit. 

"OW!" I yelped.

"Better not!" She warned.

She turned onto her belly. I mounted her facing forward and started to rub her body. Her ass was so beautiful. I grabbed handfuls of cheek and massaged, spreading them apart each time. I moved up enough so that I could lay my cock between them.

"That's nice, Gee." She told me. "You have a nice cock. Just the right size. I can't wait to feel it inside me."

I took that as a green light. Moving back slightly, I pointed my dick down between her thighs. It was slick with lube and juices and allowed me to slide between. Melissa raised her bum a bit and I easily entered her.

"Oh fuck, Gee. Yes. Push it in!" She coaxed. I pumped her hard and slow. "Oh fuck, yes! Don't stop!"

But I had to stop and I pulled out.

"You bastard!" She groaned. "I was so close."

"Yeah me too! Too close." I said. "Didn't want to cum yet. This is too nice."

She rolled over and spread her legs wide. "Fuck me! Put your cock inside me. Now!"

I laid between her thighs and pushed my cock deep into her. She wrapped her legs around my waist and immediately started thrusting her hips. "Fuck me! I need to cum!"

I obeyed her commands and started thrusting to meet her pelvic movemements. "Oh fuck Mel! I'm going to cum!"

"Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me hard! Cum inside me!" She ordered. "I'm cum..m..ing! Uhhhh!"

Her cunt squeezed and sucked me. I could no longer hold back and shot my load into her. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" I grunted as I felt wads of white goo spewed from me.

"Oh Gee! I can feel every shot inside me!" She moaned. "Give it all to me!"

I collapsed on top of her and panted. Still rock hard, my cock continued to spasm inside her. She let out an "Oooh!" each time. "Mmm...! You feel so nice inside me."

"Oh fuck, Mel! That was fucking incredible!" I managed.

She started to giggle. "Yours is the first bare back cock, I've had in me since I had Emmie!" 

"What about Doug?" I asked.

"I lied and told him I couldn't go on the pill. The couple of times we did it, I make him use a rubber." She explained. "I love Emmie but I don't want another kid with Doug."

"Uh... so um..." I stuttered.

"No, I'm on the pill so don't worry. I just tell Doug I'm not." Melissa said.

"Phew!" I exhaled. "Not that I would mind impregnating you."

"Mmmm! I would love to have your baby!" Melissa smiled. "But don't worry."

My softened cock slipped out from her gaping hole and I kneeled between her spread. Melissa just laid there with her knees bent and legs spread wide. "Oh my god! How much did you cum inside me? I can felt it oozing out!"

She tried to get up but I held her in place. She look so hot lying there with my cream leaking out from her. I started getting hard again.

"Eeeck! I can feel it leaking into my ass." She cried.

I pushed her legs up towards her chest. I returned to full attention and pointed it into Melissa's rear hole. I looked at her face. She smiled and nodded her head. I held her wrists and slowly but firmly pushed into her ass. My cum acted as lubricate. She squeezed her hole as I pumped my hips.

Although I had just cum, her tight bung hole coaxed more cum from me. "Oh fuck! You're making me cum again!" I grunted and shot a new load into her bowels.

I extracted myself and sat back down on the table. Melissa laid there, her spread legs rested on my thighs and now had cum leaking from both holes.

After recovering slightly, we showered off. I gave her the money for her time with an extra tip. 

"Thanks, Ger." Melissa smiled. "Will I see you at Ganges on Friday?" 

"For sure! As normal." I answered.

"Well I'm not sure it will be normal anymore." Mel giggled and winked. "Sean is away and we can use his office. No charge of course!"

"I can barely wait!"