 It has been a few days after satisfying Amber at the rub and tug and her sister Amanda at Ganges, both on the same day. Well I hope they were satisfied, I certainly was. Especially filling up both of their unprotected pussies with my sperm,

Amanda is a true MILF. Hot looking blond with nice plump but firm breasts and round bum. She stood about 5'8" in bare feet. Amber is Amanda's younger sister. Not married or with kids, but if she were or did, she certainly would be a MILF. Amber stood a little taller at 5'9" with long dark almost black hair and sizable, firm young breasts. Amanda was a bit rounder but nowhere near fat while Amber was slender with a shapely butt. 

It was later in the afternoon when I arrived at Ganges. Even though Sean the owner was off in the corner having a nap, the bar was busier than normal. Amanda was behind the bar while Amber was sitting on the stool in my usual spot. Most of the stools at the bar were taken.

"Hi Gerome!" Both Amber and Amanda said almost simultaneously. 

My eyes popped open with excitement. "Hi Amanda and Amber." I stood beside Amber.

As Amanda got my beer, I asked Amber in a quiet whisper as I gave her a hug. "Not working at the other place today?"

"No, just a few days off." She answered then leaned in a little closer to my ear and giggled. "After the other day, you fucked me so hard, my pussy needed a rest."

Amanda placed my beer on a warped coaster in front of me. I took a stack of coasters and found one not so used to replace it. "Thank you, Amanda."

Amanda was dressed in some tight stretch pants and a tight, black satin shirt that enhanced her endowment. She gave me a welcome hug and made sure her chest made full contact with me.

Amber looked very hot. She wore an elegant looking, skirt and blouse. As she sat, the hem of her skirt was only about four inches above her knees. She noticed me staring down at her crossed legs. "Like my new shoes?"

Her shoes were shiny red, high heel stiletto pumps with a red bow above each heel.

"Very nice." I smiled. Then I noticed her shiny legs. She was wearing stocking. "Actually you look extremely dressed up especially for this place."

"Hopefully meeting a friend at Chelsea's lounge afterwards." Amber informed me.

Chelsea's was a hotel pretty close to downtown. It was nice and a bit ritzy but not snobby. Certainly not a jeans and tees place.

Disappointed that I wouldn't be able to spend the evening with her, but maybe only a few drinks. I rested a foot on the rail of her chair. Amber turned slightly. She brushed the toe of her shoe against my leg. Meanwhile, Amanda walked behind me to serve someone their drink. As she passed, her hand touched my arm and ran firmly across the small of my back.

Amber continued to rub her foot on my leg, then every once in a while there was a definite dig of her heel into the spot just above my left knee. The firmness of my manhood became evident as it grew along my inner thigh and pointed down towards Amber's foot. 

I felt the sole of her shoe start to climb higher. To do this, she needed to cross her leg more over the top of her thigh and open her leg wider. I placed a hand on her stocking leg and moved it upwards until it reached her bare, inner thigh. I stretched my pinky finger towards her crotch only to discover she wasn't wearing any panties. A swipe of my finger along her slit told me how wet she was becoming. I pressed her button.

"Oooh!" Amber let out a low moan and bit her lower lip. "God that feels nice."

The bottom of her shoe was now pressing hard against the shaft of my rock hard boner. Amber used it to masturbate me through my pants. I grabbed her foot and pulled it into me harder and used my thumb to massage her high arch. The tip of her thin heel stabbed against my swollen knob. I could have cum right then.

Suddenly Amber pulled her foot back and slapped my hand away. I was jolted back to reality.

"Ooops! Got to go!" Amber said as she hopped off the stool and kissed me on the cheek. "See you later."

Off she went. 

I stood there; stunned, horny and hard. My mouth was agape as I wondered "What the fuck just happened?"

Amanda came by. "Where did Amber go?"

"Huh?" I gave a stunned response.

"My sister, Amber. Where did she go?" Amanda reiterated.

"Uuh, she left." I answered stupidly but was able to add on. "I think she said she was meeting a friend or something."

"There, there!" Amanda gave me a sympathetic hug but also placed her hand against my crotch and stroked my hard on. "Hmmm... Try not to miss her too much."

I took a seat but it took more than a couple of minutes before I was calm enough for my erection to subside. The fact that Amanda would walk by and squeeze me between my legs didn't help me or it relax.

About a half hour later, I felt my phone vibrate. The message light told me there was a new BBM that came in. I opened the app to read the message. It was from Amber.

It read "Where are you? I'm waiting."

I shook my head. "I thought she was meeting a friend at..." Then it dawned on me. "Oooh! I get it now. What an idiot!" 

I couldn't go to Chelsea's dress as I was. I paid my tab.

"What? Leaving so early? That's not like you." Amanda asked.

"Yeah, errr... I just got a message and need to take off." I gave her a half truth.

I rushed home to change. A fast shower. Clean J.P. Tilford shirt. Pressed Varvatos slacks. Z Zegna sports jacket. Boss socks. Polished Ferragamo shoes.

I drove a quick as the traffic allowed to Chelsea's. Usually I would park my Lexus myself but this time I paid for valet parking.

"Good evening, sir." Bowed the door man as I walked through the door he held open.

"Good evening." I replied. 

The lobby was warm and welcoming. Even with being familiar with the hotel, I looked around to find the lounge before walking to it. As I entered the bar, I spotted Amber near the far side, sitting and waiting. A glass of white wine in hand, I watched some other suit approached her. She smiled at him warmly but politely indicated she was waiting for someone. He turned and walked away very disappointed.

"Hiya!" I smiled. "Sorry for being stupid and not understanding what you meant at Ganges. Guess I hadn't drank enough yet."

"Hey. Well at least you're here now." Amber's eyes sparkled at seeing me. "That was the fifth guy that has come on to me."

I took a seat aside Amber as the pretty blond waitress (Alexi according to her name tag) took my drink order. Amber looked incredible. She had unbuttoned her bloused enough to show her cleavage and a bit of her lacy bra but not enough to be slutty. Her skirt was pulled up and showed her thighs of her crossed legs a bit more than at Ganges. No wonder she was being hit on.

Alexi placed my double, neat Johnnie Walker Black on a monogrammed, dark paper napkin. I noticed there was a small star-hammer-sickle tattoo. With a Russian accent (I presume) she said. "Your drink, sir."

"Thank you, Alexi." I responded. She returned a big grin with perfect white teeth along with her starry deep blue eyes.

Amber and I cheered and took a sip of our beverages. 

"It has been a little challenge waiting for you." Amber admitted. "Like I said, that guy was number five. And I'm already on my third glass of Chard."

"Sorry." I reiterated my apology. All I could muster was "I uh..."

The lounge chairs we sat in swiveled. We turned and ended up basically facing each other, our knees were almost close enough to touch. With my back towards most of the bar, Amber stared directly into my eyes as she caressed my calf with the top of her foot. Instantly blood flooded my nether regions. A tent started to become evident especially since I was commando.

After a number of rounds and some stimulating conversation, I realized we hadn't had dinner. I asked Alexi to get a table at La Mer et La Terre across the lobby. When I paid the tab, I gave her a pretty sizeable gratuity.

With much difficulty, Amber and I made our way to the restaurant, or at least I had difficulties. My jacket was barely long enough to hide my huge boner sticking outwards from my leg. Alexi noticed my distress and used a hand to supress a giggle as she followed us with our drinks in hand.

We successfully made it across the lobby and took our table. The ambient dim light and warm décor gave me a relaxed feeling, but Amber's shoed foot pressing between my thighs made things a little more tense. She managed to maintain the sub-table activities throughout dinner and dessert; sometimes with her shoe on and sometimes with her shoe off.

When the bill arrived, Amber told me to sign it to the 1869. "I booked it earlier for us."

Surprised but pleased, I signed off on the bill. I pushed my chair back and noticed the white marks on my dark pants from Amber's shoed footsies. I tried to brush it off but failed.

"Oh, dear. Did you get something on your nice pants?" Amber chuckled and then walked off not waiting for me. "Come!"

I followed her to the elevators as quickly as I could, still trying to brush off the marks and hiding my pant bulge.

Inside the fish-bowl scenic lift, Amber pushed me against the rail and grabbed me hard. There was no subsiding of my hard-on now. If anyone saw us, it was obvious that Amber was stroking me through my pants. But otherwise it was uneventful as we made it to the room. Once inside with the door shut, Amber pushed me hard onto the bed. She clawed at my pants and pulled them down to my ankles. She grabbed the circumference of my balls and shaft and then took me deep into her hot wet mouth. 

After I managed to kick off my pants and unbutton my shirt, Amber instructed me to "move up more" which gave me the opportunity to peel off my jacket, shirt, shoes and socks. I tossed them to the side near my pants. 

Amber straddled my thighs. Her skirt was well up around her bum. She shifted enough that my shaft rode between her slick, juice cunt lips. I unbuttoned her blouse. Her bra had a front closure making it easy for me to undo. Amber's nipples were full and hard. I tried to rise up to suck and bit them but Amber took hold of my wrists and pushed me back down. I didn't struggle as she held them against the bed. She dug her heels into my thighs.

Amber's eyes were closed and head back as she continued to ride against my undershaft. I wanted to hold her but her firm grip prevented me from doing so. I relented and enjoyed the ride. 

Resigned to being her toy, I relaxed. Amber released the hold on my wrists and leaned forward pressing her body against mine. Her long dark hair spilled over my face. She shifted higher until her tit was placed firmly against my lips. I opened my mouth and sucked her breast in as much as I could. Then I felt something around my wrists as she sat back up.

I pulled my arms over my head and found they were chained to the headboard with leather strap shackles. I gave Amber a non-comprehending look. She smiled back. "What? Don't you like a little bit of kink?"

Amber continued her grinding as she pinched my pointed nipples hard. So hard I felt it in my balls. "Ow!" I cried out. My cock spasmed.

"Oh! I felt that." Amber cooed. She pinched my nipples again with the same result. "Oooh!"

Her constant grinding intermingled with random nipple pinches or heel digs kept me on the edge but unable to relieve any sexual frustrations; not that I was complaining or anything.

"Fuck Amber! You're driving me nuts!" I groaned loudly. I wanted to undo the bindings but there was a short spreader bar holding my wrists enough apart that I could touch my finger against the buckle but could not undo it. "Please Amber. Let me loose. I..." 

"Be quiet or I'll have to gag you as well." She warned.

"That's right!" I heard but not from Amber's mouth. Then there was a chuckle. "Maybe we should use the gag anyways."

I looked to where the voice came from and saw Amanda. She wore a long trench coat.

"I see you guys didn't wait for me." She peeled back her coat and let it pool around the black, high heeled pumps she wore. Dressed in a black bra with the cups filled to the brim and stockings with garters, she moved onto the bed as well. "Guess I'll just have to catch up!"

Amber looked down at me. "We're sisters! You didn't think we wouldn't talk did you? And especially after you fucked both of us... Well we just have to make you ours now."

Amanda mounted my chest facing Amber. Her feet over each shoulder and her heels pressed my carotid. I couldn't see but could hear them sucking each other's face. 

I noticed I could watch the action in the wall mirror. Amanda repositioned herself so she could suck on Amber's tits. Her perfect plump ass was now millimeters from my face but there was no way for me to reach it with my mouth. My tongue barely grazed along her crack. Amanda leaned back and placed her spread her cheeks and used her feet to make sure my head stayed in place as she humped and smeared her ass into my face. I could barely breathe.

"Oh Amber. You always make me so fucking horny when you suck my tits!" Amanda groaned. "Yes! That's it. Suck them... Suck them harder... Oh yeah!"

With Amanda's ass covering my face, I couldn't see what was going on, but I could feel it. I sensed that one or the other was fingering Amanda's clit and cunt. I could feel her juices flow down my neck.

"Oh fuck, Amber!" I heard as Amanda spasmed slightly on my face. "Change places. I need his cock inside me."

Both dismounted me and exchanged positions. Amber had kept my cock rock hard and Amanda was able to slide it in her incredibly lubed cunt with no hesitation. Amber straddled over me but did not sit on me. Instead she straddled her feet over my waist and stood in front of Amanda. She used both hands behind her sister's head and pulled it into her pussy.

Between watching Amanda munching on Amber and her hip grinding, I found myself reflexively humping my hips upwards. Amanda's cunt was doing an amazing job sucking on my shaft. I needed some relief only to wince in pain as Amanda pinched my nipples. 

"You came inside me bareback once after I told you not to." Amanda scolded and then smiled. "You do it again and I'll cut off your balls!"

I tensed as it was all I could do to prevent myself from shooting inside Amanda's fertile womb until finally. "Oh gawd! Fuck yes... I'm cumming! Uuuhhh! Amber, he's making me cum so hard. It feels so good."

I hadn't noticed Amber dismount and get off the bed. Amanda rested with her hands on my chest as I felt the pulsations of her pussy. I literally was on the verge of dumping my balls into her as she slowly raised her bum enough for me to slide out. 

I looked around for Amber. While she had kicked off her shoes, she was still dressed in her bra, stockings and garters. Between her legs hung a huge cock-shaped dildo about nine thick, inches long. She pushed my knees up and knelt between my parted thighs. I looked at her with great fear.

"Uuumm... Amber... I never..." I stuttered.

"Hush! Do we need to gag you?" She warned me. She rubbed her cock over mine using Amanda's juices as lube. My eyes popped as she ran the head up and down my crack. "Ha, ha! Don't worry. It's not for you... Yet!"

With that, Amber kneeled across my hips and sat down on my lap. Amazingly, my cock was still hard. It easily entered Amber's well lubricated cunt. Amanda positioned herself over me with her ass towards Amber. Supporting herself on her elbows and knees she backed her ass and allowed Amber's silicone appendage to pierce her fucked pussy. She used her mouth to suck, lick and bite my sensitive, hardened nipples.

It was like a Rube Goldberg device. When Amanda bit me, I thrusted my hips up and down and caused my cock to thrust deeper into Amber's cunt which caused her in turn to push her ass into me and caused a slight retraction of her cock from Amanda's cunt resulting in a moan and shudder. Then it became a perpetual motion machine.

"Oh fuck me with your cock, Amber! You know how to do it. Make me cum!" Amanda cried out. "Oh fuck yeah! I'm almost there!"

The machine now out of sync. Amber grabbed her sister's ass with both hands and was thrusting hard. Still inside, her slick cunt beckoned me to cum. "Amber! I'm can't hold on any more. I'm going to cum inside you!"

"Oh gawd, fuck yes!" I wasn't sure who said it. "I'm coming now!"

"Oh! Me to!"

"Fuck! Uuuh...! Uuuh...! Uuuh...!" I shouted as I was finally able to unload my cream filled balls.

"Yes!"

"Don't stop now!"

"Fuck me hard!

Both girls screamed as the peak of their orgasms coincided.

We laid there exhausted. I could feel the panting as Amber rested atop Amanda who had collapsed on top of me. My cock finally softened enough to slide out of Amber. Our intermingled juices leaked from her and around my balls. It dripped down into my ass crack.

Amanda was the first to move, then Amber. Both had well gaped, freshly fuck holes. It looked so hot. 

Amanda fed me some water from a bottle. I drank it all not realizing how parched I had become.

"Wow! That was amazing. Can you let me loose so I can clean up a bit?" I asked.

"You don't think we're finished yet, do you?" Amanda sarcastically asked me in return.

"You're not going anywhere!" Amber added.

My body tingled. I looked downwards and my flaccidness was being replaced by a growing erection. "How...? What...?" I normally could never recover that quickly.

Amanda held up the empty bottle. "Just some magic potion."

"We're not finished playing with our toy yet." Amber chuckled.

I'm not sure how many times they came or how long they abused me. I had sort of zombied out and had no idea of time or place. When I did come to, I found myself coated and crusted with sex juice. My erection finally absent, but was shrivelled and stuck against my leg.

"Look! He's finally awake." Amber noted.

"You were a pretty, good toy." Amanda smiled. "My cunt is pretty sore and I'm satisfied. What about you?"

"Oh fuck, Amanda. My hole is still buzzing. I wish I could fuck him some more but poor guy. Look at him." Amber laughed as she peeled my shrunken dick from my leg and waved it around. I fell the blood rush to my groin from the sudden stimulation of her warm hand. "Ooo... Look. He's getting hard again. Maybe we can stay for a quickie."

Then I noticed both of them were fully dressed and ready to leave.

"Hey! Wait! You can't leave me like this. How am I supposed to get out of here?" I panicked. 

"Well, you have two choices. One, you can figure how to get out of your predicament. There is a way. Two, you can wait for housekeeping. I put the change room sign on the knob and I think they will be here in an hour or so. Maybe less." Amber held up a note as Amanda stuffed a gag into my mouth. "If you choose option two, this is some instruction for whoever finds you. They can let you go or use you as they desire. Either way, you better return our stuff tonight."

Amanda laid the strap-on between my legs and Amber took incriminating pictures. They both exited the room. "You look so cute."

"Ta-ta! See you tonight at Ganges! I'll leave you a BBM." Added Amber.

With that, the both departed, but left the door slightly ajar. With the gag in my mouth, I was unable to effectively call out for help. I struggled with my bindings but they were unrelenting in their job. My fingertips barely brushed the buckle closures.  

I could hear voices and then some movement coming from the hallway. Jingling of bottles after the slight grunt of pushing a cart meant housekeeping was near. Initially I started to panic and yanked at the chain but to no avail. 

"Amanda said there was a way to get free." I recalled as I wracked my brains for an escape plan. 

I pulled myself up enough that I could get a good view of the cuffs and the spreader bar. I couldn't see any quick solution to my problem. I twisted my hands around over and over. Then I saw it. There seemed to be some sort of mechanism. A careful study revealed it to be some sort of release mechanism, but it was in a weird position not easily accessed. I could use my teeth but I had this gag in my mouth. 
