 "Thanks, Gerome!" Vicki waved good-bye to me as she was about to sneak back to her own house next door. She spent the night at mine and I fucked her hard until we were both too exhausted to do any more. "That was amazing. My legs are still wobbly!"

Vicki's husband and her kids were up at their cottage, so there wasn't any problem about getting caught by them. But neighbours have eyes so caution is still needed.

"When are you going back up?" I asked as she left. Although I wore my dressing gown, I let it drape open. I was naked beneath and my cock had obviously recovered.

"Why? You want to fuck me some more?" She smiled coyly at me. Vicki looked between my legs. "Don't you ever have enough?"

She walked back to me and gave me a peck on the cheek. My dick jumped and struck her between her thighs. "Uh-uh! I'm too sore there. I have to go back today and Don will want to use it tonight after the kids are asleep."

I thought I would be left unsatisfied but Vicki dropped to her knees and took me into her mouth. Her hands grabbed my ass and pulled me to her face. I felt my knob bend down her gullet. She held me there until my knees started to tremble. She popped her mouth off and chuckled. "Now you know how my legs feel."

She went right back to work. Her lips surrounded the head and slowly sucked me in. The seal around her mouth was air tight as she worked her head back and forth. Slowly at first, then picking up the pace. The tips of her fingers traced along my ass crack and found that spot just under my balls. I moaned. "Uuuh!" 

As she massaged that spot, she used her other hand to invade my ass and press against my hole. Little by little, she pushed it inside me. "Oh gawd, Vicki! I'm going to cum!"

"Uh-uh!" She acknowledge and it only seemed to spur her on. There was no way for me to protect myself from her assault. 

"I'm C..U..M..M..I..N..G..!" I groaned loudly. I started shooting my load down her throat. "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"

Although the pleasure was incredible, the pain was intense and I had to take hold of her head to stop her. It didn't stop her sucking throat from continuing nor did it stop her fingers from attacking my prostate. Only collapsing and falling to my ass, stop Vicki's accomplishments.

Vicki stood up and smiled down at me. "Mmm... You taste so good. See you next time!"

Vicki peeked quickly out my back door; turned back to me to blow me a kiss and then snuck back to her place.

After a while I gathered enough strength to pick myself off the floor. My dick was shriveled. "Holy fuck!"

I finished my three S's. In particular, shaving my man area. I keep it short in front and completely shorn along my shaft and balls up to my ass crack. One, it makes my dick look bigger, not that I've ever had any complaints. And two, the women seem to like it once they discover how nice it is not to get a face full of gnarly man bush. 

After I showered off and was in my bedroom dressing, I looked out the window and spied on Irina across the road. I call her my Russian Beauty to myself. She's got long blond, wavy hair. Her eyes are big and bright even hidden behind some librarian style glasses. Her red lips are full and kissable. A nice body for bearing two kids whom I've rarely seen.

Irina got into her cute little Bimmer and drove off.

"Man, I wouldn't mind doing her!" I thought to myself aloud as I casually stroked my hard-on. "She's such a cutie, Russian Beauty!"

It was mid-Saturday morning when I returned from my walk to the store for a paper. Usually I drive everywhere regardless of distance, but it was warm enough to wear light running shorts and a tee but cool enough to be comfortable.

As I neared my house, I saw my little Russian Beauty outside washing her BMW. Actually she had finished washing and it looked like she was giving it a polish. "I have something for her to polish." I thought feeling a little stirring in my groin.

"Hi Gerome!" She called out and waved me over.

"Hi Irina. Looks nice and shiny." I complimented her polishing job. Her body jiggled as she buffed it out. My dick started to firm up. Dangerous since I was commando and I knew it could extend down and out the leg hole of my short shorts.

"Yes, but unfortunately it never stays this way." She added with a Russian accent. "Anyway, I was wondering if you could do me a favour? Do you know how to fix a switch? I was talking with Vicki next door who said you were pretty handy."

"Yes. Where's Ivan?" I answered.

"He on vacation with the kids in Kazan visiting his parents." Irina shook her head. She spotted a spot that needed extra buffing. Her body jiggled as she buffed it out. My dick grew firmer. "That's just outside of Moscow."

Irina stood up. I really didn't need to see this. She wore a light, white button shirt that was unbuttoned showed off her deep cleavage. The bottom was tied under her ample breasts and showed off her MILF belly. The waist of her small, tight jean shorts were well below her belly button and the rolled up cuffs gave me an eyeful of her shapely gams. At 5'10" in bare feet, she was taller than I was. I felt a little breeze between my thighs and knew something was peeking out from below. 

She stood with her hands akimbo and inspected her work. There was a thin sheen of perspiration coating her body. There was no stopping what was happening between my legs. Any move to cover up would be too obvious but doing nothing would most likely lead to full exposure.

My dilemma solved itself when Irina spotted it, but said nothing. Her eyes and smile said it all. She stared at it for a good long while before she turned to pick up the hose. Her ass was towards me and she bent from the waist to pick up the tangled mess. 

"Pshhht...!"

"Ai..!" Irina screamed out. 

The hose blew an aneurysm and was spraying water everywhere. Irina tried to block it with her hand but another aneurysm blew open, then a third. 

"Hang on! I'll shut it off." I called out as I ran around the house to find the shut off valve. Their house was different from mine and it took a little bit to find the connecting. By the time I returned Irina was completely soaked through. Her shirt stuck to her like a second skin and was almost transparent. I guess the cool water made her nipples hard and excited. The site did nothing to abate my bone and in fact only made it worse. The cuff of my shorts had ridden up and totally exposed my hard stiff.

We looked at each other until Irina finally broke the silence. "Well at least fair is fair. You show me yours and I'll show you mine." She wiggled her tits at me.

"Well not totally fair." I answered back. We giggled together. "You still have your shirt on!

"Come in the house so I can change." Irina beckoned me to follow. "I'll show you the broken switch."

I followed her inside. The house was nicely decorated with more of a feminine touch than a Russian male mallet. Irina went up to change. My stiffness had subsided enough to go back into hiding although I wished for a different way for it to disappear.

A number of minutes later, Irina reappeared. She had fixed her hair differently and it looked like she has some make-up on. She wore a black robe that stopped around her knees and black marabou slippers on her feet. She had slipped on some Cuban style black stockings too.

"Err...?" Okay perhaps I was a little slow, but it caught me off guard for sure. "I thought you wanted me to fix a switch?"

"Yes, I do!" Irina opened her robe and let it fall to the ground. She wore a black shelf bra and a really, really small, string thong that barely covered her hairless slit. Irina pulled her covering aside and fingered her wet clit. "This is my switch and I'm so turned on and having trouble turning if off!"

My boner returned with vengeance. I immediately walked towards her and dropped to my knees. I pushed my nose into her cunt and breathed in. Her pussy smelled sweet. It was intoxicating. My head started to swirl. I pulled her panties down to her knees. Her lips were already wet with excitement. I could literally see droplets form and leak out from her. 

After I took handfuls of her tight bum, I pulled my face into her and lapped the nectar she released. More flooded out. I drank up as much as I could but ultimately failed.

Irina grabbed the back of my head and smashed it into her. "Oh gawd! Y-E-S!" She screamed as her body shook in climax. She held my face against her as more juice sprayed out. Her knees continued to quiver as she eased her grip. 

I looked up at Irina. I could feel her wet dripping down my face. She looked down at me and chuckled. "That was incredible! Although you look ridiculous with your face all covered with my cum."

Irina dropped to her knees. We were belly to belly. She pushed my shorts down, then shifted slightly so my iron rod dick was between her legs and rode against her slit. She held my head and kissed me passionately. "Thank you! It has been a long time." She licked my face dry.

Both still on our knees, Irina started rocking her hips back and forth. My own crotch area was covered in her wet. Then she giggled. "See? My switch is still broken. It is turned on again and won't stay off!"

I picked her up and found her bedroom. I threw her on her bed and stripped off the rest of my clothes. I moved between her spread thighs and pushed her knees up towards her chest. Her cunt lip opened up and invited my tongue once again.

I ran my tongue from her asshole through her slit and to her clit. I started gently to nibble and pull at her cute protruding button and slowly increased my energies until her head was trashing about. Irina grabbed both my wrists and pulled me in hard. Her finger nails dug into my like cat paws into a mouse. 

I mashed my face into her and stuck my tongue inside as far as I could strain. I maintained my action as long as I could before coming up for air. Before I could take a deep gasp, Irina grabbed the back of my head and slammed it back into her cunt. "Oh yes! Make me cum again! Please! Don't stop! So clo...s..s..e!"

"Either make her cum or suffocate!" I thought to myself. I doubled my efforts.

"Yes! Yes! Oh fuck! Y-E-S...!" Irina screamed loudly. "That's it! I'm C..U..M..M..I..N..G...!"

A strong stream gushed from her; more than I could lap up or drink. Irina held my face tightly into her. I was about to drown, when she finally eased her vise-like grip... Sort of. 

Still holding my head, she guided me up between her legs. "Fuck me! Put your cock inside me!" She ordered.

My cock slid inside her like a... Fuck if I can think of a metaphor right now. It felt so good.

"Oh, yes! Fuck me! I need it. Fuck me hard!" Irina screamed out. "Fuck me harder! Harder!"

I slammed my balls into her ass as hard as I could. Her cunt sucked my cock and wouldn't let go until...

"Oh fuck yeah! I'm cumming again!" Irina's head was thrashing back and forth. Gushes of her liquid cum soaked between us. "Cum inside me! I want your cum inside me! Please! I'm begging for your cum...!"

I couldn't hold on any more anyways. "Fuck, Irina! I'm going to... Fuck! C..U..M...!"

Irina wrapped her legs around me and held me tight into her as I shot my wad. "I can feel you spraying inside me. Fill me with your cum!"

Her cunt sucked everything from my cum sack and I was shooting air. "Fuck that hurts!"

Panting, Irina embraced me. "Oh fuck that was so nice! I needed that."

I kissed her lips gently. Our tongues entwined. 

Irina giggled. "I think you fixed my switch... At least for now."

We stayed embraced until my now useless dick shriveled and her cunt spat it out. I rolled off of her. The bed sheets were soaked. There was no dry spot. The huge, hot wet spot started to cool off.

"Holy fuck, Irina!" I exclaimed. "Does this happen every time you and Ivan fuck?"

"No. After I had the kids, I'm not sure what happened but I started spraying. Then after doing it a couple of time, Ivan refuses to fuck me." Irina sobbed a bit. "Says I pee all over him even after I told him it isn't." 

I hugged her.

"Thank you for not freaking out." Irina cried. "You are an incredible lover. I haven't cum like that in so long. Playing with myself really doesn't feel the same, you know?"

"Yeah, I feel the same." I agreed. "But doesn't Ivan miss sex?"

"He just has me give him blow jobs. And..." Irina paused. "I think he might be getting it from somewhere else. Sometimes when I suck him off, I can smell and taste something different that's not him."

"Sorry, Ivan an idiot. He doesn't know what he is missing." I shook my head.

I pushed Irina on to her back and moved between her spread legs again. I started lapping her slit slowly and gently; taking my time to build her up again. Plus I still needed time to recover. But I couldn't believe how quickly Irina became excited. Just after a few licks and sucks she was already moaning. Her juices started to flow. I sucked it down. Then I realized I was also drinking down my own cum. 

I paused and looked up at Irina. Her eyes were closed; her mouth was open; her fists were clenched tightly. Our mixture really didn't taste that bad; actually it was pretty sweet. I spread her lips with my fingers and pushed my face between them. 

"Oh gawd! I'm going to cum again!" She cried. This time in pleasure. "I'm C...!"

Her cunt sprayed out like a fire hose.

"Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!" Irina's entire body tensed as she came again and again. I continued eating her out. Finally she screamed out. "Stop! Stop! Oh god I can't take it anymore! Please stop!"

She pulled my face away. Her body twitched multiple times until she was able to calm herself down. She panted for air. "Oh god, you are amazing!"

She opened her eyes and looked at me. Suddenly she burst into laughter. "You look like a puppy that got drenched in the rain!"

I laughed too as I tried unsuccessfully to dry my face with a wet hand.

"Thank you, Gerome." Irina smiled. "Thank you for the wonderful time. I feel like a woman again."

I felt like she finished using me and was dismissing me. I guess I had a little hurt look in my eyes. I started to move.

"Where are you going?" Irina asked. She held out her arms. "Please stay."

I fell into her folds.

"Besides, Ivan will be away for the rest of the month at least."