 "Oh! Hello!" I walked into Ganges my local mid Sunday afternoon. The girl serving behind the bar was new to me. I was immediately smitten by her.

Well, when I say girl, she really wasn't a "girl." This was obviously a woman. A very attractive woman.

"Hi." She smiled. There seemed to be a mutual attraction between us. "I'm Robbie."

"I'm Gerome. But you can call me Ger." I sat at my usual spot at the far end of bar and ordered my beer. "Next one over!" I called out as Robbie opened the wrong cooler door.

"Thanks. Still getting use to everything." Robbie fluttered her eyes at me. "It's my first solo shift. I was training with Melissa this past week."

"You'll get used to it." I assured her. I was really mesmerised by her.

"What?" She asked smilingly of me in a cheery, melodic tone.

"Nothing." I answered but couldn't help but just stare at her. 

She wasn't what you would call a raving beauty, but she was ravishing. Robbie stood about 5'5" with her long, thick wavy brown hair clipped back. She wore little make-up. Her full, pouty lips were naturally pink. Her eye lashes were long with little mascara (as far as I could tell) and very light eye liner.

The tight-ish tee she wore easily showed off her shape. Just guessing, I'd say her breasts were at least D's on her 35-28-38 body. It was a warm day so she wore short shorts which showed off her smooth shapely legs.

"So do you know what your schedule is yet?" I asked trying to make conversation. I knew Sean the owner was looking for a replacement for the other girls who really didn't work out well there. 

"Sean really hasn't said yet." Replied Robbie. "Sunday seems to be okay, especially if you're one of the regulars."

Ganges was pretty quiet today even for a Sunday. Doug and John were at the other end of the long bar arguing about some politics or something, so I had a chance to chat up Robbie.

She looked about 24 but when she told me she had two kids with the oldest one being 8, I was stunned. "What? Did you have your kids when you were 16?" I joked but immediately regretted saying it. I meant it as a sarcastic joke but you never can tell and maybe she had been that young.

"No, I was 20 with the first one." She smiled. "Thanks for the compliment."

She fluttered her eyes at me and gave me a wry smile. "You're a dangerous flirt, aren't you?"

I hung my head in mock shame. "You got me."

We talked more. Her "husband" Eric sounded kind of blasé about his wife. They weren't really married just co-habitating. 

"In fact, the other day," Robbie started to explain. "Some guys comes up and grabs my ass while we were playing pool. Eric just shrugged his shoulders at it. Like don't your care? Right?"

After another beer, I ordered a shot. "Can I buy you one? Just to celebrate your new positon."

"New position? You mean on my back or bent over?" Robbie dropped her head slightly and smiled demurely. I smiled back. "Yeah! Thanks! I'll have a Sambuca."

Robbie poured our shots and placed them on my side of the bar. Sean had a rule that the girls were not allowed to drink behind the bar. She came to my side and picked up her shot glass. "Cheers!" 

"Cheers, Robbie. Welcome to Ganges." I said before we both shot the shot.

She collected the shot glasses and put them in the washer before coming back around to me. She placed her hand on my thigh and squeezed slightly. "Thanks for the welcome drink." She looked straight into my eyes and then gave me a peck on the cheek. Her hand slide slightly higher and touched the knob of my dick which was firming up quite nicely.

"You are most welcome."

Over the next while and a few drinks, I gave her the poop of the place. Let her know a bit about Sean and how he is sometimes. But it was getting late and I had to leave. Plus I was soft enough to stand up without a bulge in my pants. I paid for my bill with a large tip and hugged her good bye.

"Thanks, Ger! You're a great first customer. I'm sure we'll become good friends." Robbie wrapped her arms around me. Her hands dropped below my belt and grabbed my ass. "And this will be mine soon."

I turned my head toward her and she gave me a hard kiss on the lips.

That was Day One.

Dropped by on Tuesday night and saw Robbie working the bar again. "Seems you are settling in."

"Hi Gerry! Sorry Ger just sounded to abbreviated for a greeting." Robbie smiled broadly. "Yeah, Sean is giving me Tuesday evenings and Thursday and Sunday days. Beer?"

"Yes please." I said. "Nice to know you'll be on regular shift."

The place was moderately packed. Sean always had some sort of entertainment going on every night: bands, DJ, karaoke and open mike/jam sessions. 

I couldn't stay too long and only had a couple of beers and shots with Robbie. Again as I left, Robbie gave me a hard kiss on the lips. "Here's my cell. Let me know when you are coming in. See you next time!" Her hands slipped beneath my belt and into my pants. She grabbed palms full of naked ass cheek. "Nice!"

I hugged her hard.

Thursday, I "spent the day" with Melissa while her husband was away and her kid was at her grams. She's a great fuck. Anyways, so I didn't get a chance to drop by to see Robbie.

Sunday came around finally and I dropped in to see Robbie. Phil was busy chatting up some female on the patio. Inside was empty save for Robbie and Sean. My beer was already there by the time I took my seat. Robbie was dressed in some tight cut-off and a tight ball shirt with a deep vee cut neck line.

"Hi handsome!" Robbie smiled. She gave me a hug and a peck on the cheek. "You didn't call or message me before you came."

"Oh sorry. I didn't realise..." I stammered. "I errr... wanted to surprise you."

"Yeah, me too." 

I didn't understand what she meant and looked at her funny.

"Hang on." She said before dashing off to the bathroom.

Sean started rummaging behind the bar, looking in the coolers and at his stock. By that time, Robbie returned. "Shot?" she asked.

"Sure." 

Again she came around to my side to drink. "Cheers!" as we both gulped it down.

Robbie grabbed the nape of my neck and pulled me in hard for a kiss. Her tongue pushed into my mouth. I could taste the anise liqueur. She grabbed my hand and guided it up under her shirt. She wore only a half cup bra that just covered her nipples but still allowed me to access and play with them.

Finally we broke. I was amazingly stiff in my pants already. Her hand was palming me through my pants. Her smile was not one of disappointment.

Sean went back into the kitchen. Robbie was still beside me.

"Here's the other half of the surprise." She grinned.

She took my hand again and slipped them inside the front of her shorts. She was commando beneath. Her pussy was smooth and shaven. Her lips were already wet. I dipped my finger inside.

Sean came out and I nonchalantly withdrew my hand from her. I brought my hand to my mouth and sucked off her wetness.

Sean muttered in a strong, non-understandable accent. "Okay, I go to liquor store and then to cash and carry. Be back as fast as I can."

And without as much as a "by your leave", he left.

Even before the door had shut, Robbie pawed at my pants. She yanked open the button fly and pulled out my stiff dick. She pulled up her shirt and brought her chest to my dick. She squeezed her soft yet firm tits together and rubbed me up and down. When my knob popped up out from the top of her shirt, Robbie was able to get her mouth down on it. 

"Oh fuck! That feels so good!" I groaned. "Your mouth is so hot and wet!"

Robbie released her breasts and grabbed my ass as she took me all into her mouth. Her nose pressed hard into my trimmed pubic hair. I could literally feel more blood engorging my shaft as she sucked.

"Mmmaawwwch! Mmmaawwwch! Mmmaawwwch!" Was all that came from her throat before she had to come up for air. 

"Phaaa!" She panted. "I can't believe how hard you are. I'm sooo fucking hot. I need it inside my cunt!"

She pushed down her shorts and turned around. She bent forward to support herself against the bar. "Put it in me now!"

I stood behind her and looked downwards between us. I couldn't believe how big I looked. I held on to her hip with one hand and guided my cock towards her with the other. The tip of my cock touched her hot, wet pussy opening. It was electrical attraction and just slid deep inside her. 

"Oh god!" It felt so good as I started fucking her slowly at first before increasing tempo and thrusting.

She was amazingly tight, especially after two kids. Her cunt seemed to suck and pull me in harder and harder with each stroke. Gurgling noises came from her throat as I grabbed a fistful of her mane and pulled her head back. I felt her reach between her legs and grab my balls. She squeezed as I fucked her, forcing my cum towards its final destination. It was like she was squeezing juice from a turkey baster. 

"Oh fuck! Robbie, I'm cumming!" I groaned loudly.

"Yes! Come inside me now you bitch!" She ordered. "Fill my cunt with your cum!"

That was enough to start me ejaculating my load into her belly. "Uuuhh! Uuuhh! Uuuhh!" I yowled.

I lost count of the number of times I spewed my cream inside her naked pussy, but I was pretty sure it was the most and hardest I've ever come. Her ass was quaking as her cunt continued to suck at my cock.

We stayed that way until the spasms subsided. I fell back against my stool. Robbie pulled up her shorts. My still hard dick glistened with our wetness. Robbie sucked me clean as my sensitive cock jerked and spasmed. 

"Mmmm! We taste good!" Robbie grabbed the back of my neck and kissed me hard on the lips. She forced my mouth open and fed me our juices.

I heard the patio door open. "Hey Robbie! Can we get a couple more?"

"Okay, Phil!" She called back and then told me. "Don't go away!"

When she returned, she took my hand and placed it between her legs. "Fuck! How much did you cum? It's pouring out of me!"

Her crotch was soaked and dripped down between her thighs. Robbie took my hand and licked it. Then she force it into my mouth and told me. "Suck it!"

Not averse to some cream pie, I obeyed. 

In walked a few more patrons who sat at the other end of the bar. Robbie served them their drinks but returned beside me. We celebrated with a number of shots before the end of her shift came.

"I have to go now. Unfortunately, Eric is there." Robbie told me. "I'll text you my address. Be there tomorrow when I tell you."

Then she kissed me hard again. I could still taste the lingering sex essence through the licorice spirits.