 That was so fucking hot. 

Just to catch you up, I went to my "rub and tug" and ended up dumping my load inside Melissa. Mel tended bar at Ganges, my local. She is married to a little bit of a dolt named Doug and has an extremely cute daughter Emmie, both of whom I've met.

It was a quiet day yesterday. Meliss (with an elongated "s" as I often called her) and I ended up fucking behind the bar. I just managed to shoot my cum inside her just before Sean the owner came back from his break. Just before I left, Melissa told me that Doug was away and Emmie was at her Grandmother's. So she asked me to her place tomorrow for dinner.

That evening, I arrived at 6PM and rang the doorbell with a bottle of Sonoma Chardonnay in hand. I also brought a bottle of Belvedere vodka for her and Johnnie Black for me.

"Hey, Ger!" Melissa smiled widely when she opened the door. 

Hi Meliss." I gave her a hug and peck on the cheek. "I wasn't sure so I brought some wine."

Melissa was dressed in a mid-length, light summer dress with buttons up the front and some white high heeled, strappy sling backs. "Wow! You look great!" I said. "I've never seen you in a dress or skirt before."

"Right?" She laughed. "At the bar, pants or jeans. Or at the Spa, naked. Thought it would be special to dress up a bit for you."

It was a warm, late October evening. The sun was still above the horizon. Mel suggested we eat on the back deck. "It's very secluded in back." She informed me.

I opened the wine and poured a couple of glasses before going onto the deck. She was right about the privacy. To the left were some very dense bushes and trees completely isolating her from her neighbour. In back and on the right was basically a treed conservation area. 

"It's protected so they can't built anything there. It's like being at the cottage." She mentioned while taking a sip from her glass. She pointed to the right. "These guys are away on vacation right now. I think they went to Asia for a month or something. They asked if I could collect their mail and check inside every once in a while."

We sat at the picnic table and munched on a selection of bread, cheeses, meats and crudity with dip. Perfect eats for the warm evening. Afterwards, we cuddled on the couple's lounge chair enjoying some after dinner beverages. The sun had begun to dip behind the trees and into the horizon. The stars in the clear sky started to twinkle through.

"This is nice." Melissa cooed. "Doug and I rarely eat out here let alone relax together like this. He's not much of a romantic most times."

"Mmmm... Yes, this is very nice." I kissed Mel on the lips. 

Melissa turned her body towards me. I put my hand on her leg under her dress and started up the outside of her thigh. I was so distracted by her before that it was the first time I noticed. "Oh! Nice!" As my hand played with her stocking straps and rubbed her bare skin.

"I know how turned on you get with them. I wore it especially for you." Grinned Melissa. Her hand grabbed hold of my crotch. "I see you seemed to be very pleased."

My hand climbed higher to her firm bum. Melissa rolled so her body on top of mine. She had her legs straddled over my thighs. I unbuttoned the buttons of her dress and opened it up. She wore a pretty, lacy black demi-cup bra underneath. I pulled the flimsy lace under her hard, cherry nipples so I could suck on them. She started to grind her hips into me. 

My hand ran down her belly to between her legs. She was wearing some crotchless panties. Her lips were already very wet and my fingers entered inside her very easily.

"Oooh! Yes! Right there!" She moaned as my fingers fucked her hole. "I need it in me now."

Melissa tore my pants open. Without any underwear on, my hard-on popped out. Without any ceremony, Meliss raised her hips enough to place my cock into her slit entrance before slamming her back side down. "Ooooh! Fuck! Yeah!" 

She rocked her hips slowly back and forth. Her head was back and her eyes close. "You feel so good inside me." Meliss moaned. "It's much nicer than Doug's. I think you're a bigger and thicker too. So deep, it's hitting just the right spot!"

I was deep inside and could feel the tip of my knob rub against the inside of her womb. We just stayed like that; both of us enjoying the feeling. I lost count of the number of shots we drank, but I was sure it was plenty. 

The sun was now, way below the horizon. Even though the sex was hot, the coolness of the evening crept over us. Melissa shivered.

"I'm getting a bit cold without any clothes on. Let's go in." Suggested Melissa as she unstraddled me. "And I think the bed will be much more comfortable."

She walked towards the door and dropped her dress on the deck. "Don't forget the bottles."

I grabbed the alcohol and followed her in.

"Let's do it in the bedroom." She giggled. I followed her up the stairs. She was still wearing her bra, crotchless panties garters and stocking. That ass looked amazing. She looked amazing. 

The bedroom was softly light. 

Melissa suddenly stopped in the middle of the room and turned around. We were face to face. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled it towards her until our lips met. Her tongue pierced through and explored my mouth. 

With opened mouths and sealed lips, Meliss started sucking the air out of my lungs. I literally started to get light headed and had to pull back. I reeled slightly trying to regain my balance.

Melissa grabbed the vodka from my hand and took a good swallow of the clear liquid. She dropped to her knees onto the carpeted floor. She pulled down my pants to my ankles. With the effect of the asphyxiation, some of the blood fled from my cock and made my hard on a bit softer.

Melissa grabbed my base and pointed the tip towards her mouth. A very non-tentative tongue swirled the head before taking the whole thing into her hot mouth.

"Holy fuck!" I gutted out. The alcohol in her mouth stung my dick. 

Without taking my dick from her mouth, Melissa scolded me. "Don't be a pussy girl!" She grabbed my butt cheeks and sucked on me hard. Blood flowed back into my dick and I was rock hard again. 

Without warning, Melissa pushed me on my back onto the bed. She stood between my legs and smiled. With my pants still around my ankles, Meliss raised my legs up and over my head while pushing my knees to my chest. She bent downwards and sucked both balls into her mouth. Her tongue swirled around them and then spit them out. She pressed against my knee more forcing my butt off the bed as she leaned further down. 

She licked from my coccyx, deep along my crack, over my asshole (I grunted an "Uuuh!"), over my perineum, over my balls and up my shaft taking in my bulbous head before swallowing my 8-incher down her throat. I could still feel the wetness against my asshole.

"You taste so good!" Melissa grinned. Then she showed me her long tongue.

Still holding me in place, she lowered her face and planted her mouth against my hole. Initially her tongue mashed against it. She paused and then I felt it. Melissa pointed tongue started to push through my anus. 

"Oh fuck, Melissa!" I screamed. "Oh fuck! Oh FUCK! That feels so fucking awesome!"

Melissa continued to ass fuck me with her tongue. She pushed it in deep. I swear I could feel her wiggle it against my prostate. 

"Oh my gawd! You're going to make me cum!" I shouted. 

With that, she stuck her tongue into me hard. I felt that familiar sensation of imminent climax when I realized my dick was pointed directly at my face. But at this point I really didn't care and could hold back even if I wanted to.

"Uuuh! Fuck!" I grunted as I painted my own face white. It was a full load, four or five good wads of goo ejaculated out my piss hole.

Finally Melissa relented and withdrew. She let my legs drop. As she looked at my face she beamed at her accomplishment. "Remember, you now will always be my bitch!"

Melissa climbed onto the bed. She turned so she faced my legs and then straddle by face with her ass. She mashed it into my face and smeared my own cum all over. "Make me cum!" She ordered.

With my best effort, I used my mouth and tongue against her, rotating back and forth between her juice pussy and asshole.

"Oh yeah, bitch! Do it! Harder!" She ordered.

My tongue was not as long or talented as hers but I tried my best. 

Melissa leaned forward and started to suck on my stiffening cock. Her cunt was right on top of my mouth. I ate her as if it was my last meal on earth.

"Yes! Fuck, I'm going to C..U... Uhhhh!" Melissa started to orgasm and gushed on my face as she ground her hips back and forth.

She laid atop my body panting. "That was so nice, Gee. I haven't come that hard in a long time."

"Wow, Meliss. You become a little assertive don't you?" I commented.

"Right?" Melissa chuckled. "It's all about me. Don't forget it, bitch!"

She rolled off of and turn to look at me. She laughed. "Holy fuck, Gee. Your face is soaked!"

She looked down at herself. Her crotchless panties were soaked. Melissa just ripped them off. She moved her body over me, this time face to face and put me inside her. "Now fuck me!"

Melissa placed both hands on my chest as she ground her hips back and forth. Her eyes were closed and her head tilted back. "Oh you feel so good inside me!"

As she continued, her actions became a more animated. Melissa was raising and slamming her ass down as I tried as hard as I could to penetrate her as deep as I could. Her head was thrashing back and forth, left and right. Her long hair whipped everywhere. 

"Oh fuck, YES! Do it!" She ordered. "Cum inside me! Cum inside me NOW!"

I started to come on demand, erupting as hard as I had never before. It felt like every drop of sperm needed to be inside her demanding cunt.

Both of us drained, we just laid there unmoving except for our unison breathing. 

The next thing I awoke, but kept my eyes shut and thought of last evenings events. I felt the bed covers over my naked body. I was on my left side. Melissa's bum was pressed into my groin and moved slightly. Blood flowed back into my dick quickly and then easily found and entered her wet pussy hole.

"Oh that feels nice!" I heard, but it wasn't Melissa's voice. It wasn't even a female's voice.

My hips stopped its gentle thrusting and my eyes popped open. 

Melissa was on her side, bent sideways and was sucking on a dick. I looked at the naked guy's face and realized it was Doug her husband. Sometime after Melissa and I nodded off, he joined us in bed.

Without taking her mouth off his dick, I heard her tell me. "Don't stop! Keep fucking me!"

It took a second to process, but I lost no potency in my dick, in fact it felt more engorged! I watched her suck on Doug and started fucking Melissa with long, slow strokes.. 

"Oh Gee!" Melissa exclaimed. "Your cock feels bigger in me now than last night."

She redoubled her cock sucking efforts. Doug's body stiffened as his eyes clamped shut. Melissa's mouth popped off and she used her hand to jerk his cock until it started to spasm.

"Oh god, Mistress! I'm cumming!" Cried out Doug. His legs stiffened as a few tiny spurts dribbled out of his piss hole.

Melissa continued to slowly stroke Doug as he twitched every once in a while. His panting finally calmed to deep breathing. "Oh thank you, Mistress. Thank you for allowing me to cum."

I stopped in awe.

"Fine. Now go make us some coffee so Gee can finish fucking me." Melissa said as a matter of fact. "Gee! Didn't you hear me? Keep fucking me!"

I watched as Doug rose up and left the room. I thought about what just occurred and realized how horny it actually made me. I started fucking Melissa, hard... harder... hardest I've ever fucked a girl.

"Oh yeah!" Melissa moaned loudly. "Oh gawd! I'm going to cum! Don't stop! Oh...! Oh...! Oooohhhh!"

Her ass was bucking wildly. Her legs thrashed about. "I'm C...U...M...M...I...N...G!" She screamed.

I started shooting my load into her pulsating pussy. "Yes! Cum in me! Fill me up! Oh gawd...YES!" She cried out as I fired wad after wad after wad until I was once again empty.

We laid there spooning and panting. My cock still buried in her cum-filled cunt.

I heard a stir at the foot of the bed. I turned to look and saw Doug standing there, still naked and holding a tray of coffee cups.

Melissa moved first. She sat up slightly as Doug gave her a cup. "Mr. Gee, how do you take your coffee?" He asked.

"Uh.. Black, just black." I replied. He handed me a cup.

"You were very good, Doug." Melissa told him. She kicked off the sheets and spread her knees. "You may have your reward."

Without any hesitation, Doug placed down the tray and was between Melissa's thighs. I could hear him lap up and slurp her cunt.

"Do a good job Doug and maybe I'll let you do it again in the future." Melissa instructed him.

I could only just look and stare at both of them.

"Doug has agreed that since his penis, if that's what you can call it, will no longer satisfy me that I can get satisfaction elsewhere; which was the real reason behind working at the spa. Finding a decent sized cock is hard. Pun intended." Melissa explained to me. "But now, since I have you as my fuck bitch, I can quit there."

She took a sip of coffee.

"Besides, almost all of the jerks at the spa had nothing more than Doug has, so what was the use. And they are butt fucking ugly. You, at least are great looking and have a useful sized cock." Melissa took another sip. "Plus, unlike at the spa, and since I know you, you can fuck me bareback and cum inside me."

Melissa shuttered slightly as she had a mini-orgasm from Doug's ministrations. 

"I expect you here again tonight." Melissa ordered me.

"Yes, Mistress."