 So I just finished fucking Amber at my favourite "Rub and Tug" and needed a beer or two. Amber was one of the many girls Sean the owner of Ganges had working at his bar. Amber was also the younger sister of Amanda who happened to be working the bar that day.

Amanda had worked at Ganges before she got preggers and had quit for a little while. After the baby, she needed to help support her family and started working at Ganges again. If they stood beside each other, you could see the family resemblance between Amanda and Amber. They were almost the same height about 5 foot-9 inches but there were differences. Amber was a long haired brunette where Amanda was a long haired blond. Amber was slim where Amanda still carried a little bit of weight from her pregnancy. Both had sizeable breasts.

Really I'm not sure how this place survives some times. Once again when I entered the dark establishment, there was no one other than Amanda polishing glasses (not a euphemism). 

"Hey Gerome!" Amanda called out from behind the taps. "Thank god! There's no one here and I am just so bored."

"Hey Mandy!" She smiled whenever I called her that. "Wow! Was there an evacuation here I didn't get the memo on!"

"Been like this since we opened." Amanda shook her head and placed a beer in front of me. "Sean's gone to the cash and carry and to get some liquor for the place. You know, it's a good thing this place does better business during the evening."

"Right?" I answered. "But now I have you all to myself."

Amanda beamed. I know she has had a crush on me since we first met. Each time as she walked by, she would touch my arm or leg or shoulder. I was in my normal spot at the end of the bar where the girls would normally exit and enter when serving others. She stood beside me and rested her hand on my leg. Her red enamelled finger nails scratched my knee as we talked.

"What did you do today?" She asked.

How was I to tell her that I just dumped a load of cum inside her sister's unprotected cunt?

"Well, you know. Just sort of fuck around a bit." I smiled at her. "Just some cumming and going." With emphasis on the "cumming" part. 

Amanda looked at me suspiciously through narrowed eyes, not really knowing what I meant even though the intonation was there.

"Brring...!" The phone rang.

"Ganges..." She answered. "Oh hi... Yeah... Just Gerome... No... (long pause) Okay... Bye."

Amanda hung up the phone. "That was Sean. Apparently there's an emergency and he won't be back for a couple of more hours. He was going to send his son over to help but since you're the only one here, I said no I didn't need the help."

"Mmmm.. More alone time." I kidded.

"Yeah! Just the two of us." She placed her hand on my mid-thigh.

Yes, I had basically just finished fucking her sister. Yes, I just dumped a giant wad into her, but... Amanda's warm hand was having the expected result. I felt blood rush towards my groin and start to get firm. Being commando, my member was unconstrained and grew hard against the inside of my thigh. Amanda's finger rubbed the top of my leg and casually slipped over and inward. 

Now I don't own the biggest member in the world but I'm not that small either. Amanda's index finger rested against my inner leg. My dick was literally millimeters from her finger tip. If nothing else, I was pretty sure she would be able to feel the material of my pant pull as my hard on hardened. 

I placed a hand around her waist and caressed her side. My hand moved upward until I felt the side of her bra. My thumb rubbed her rib stopping short of rubbing her breast. Amanda's eyes closed slightly as she bit her lower lip.

With my other hand, I took hold of Amanda's wrist. Slowly I moved it the few millimeters upward. The tip of her finger touched the tip of my head. I let go of her hand, her hand did not retreat. She used her fingertip to fondle my bulbous head. I felt precum ooze from my pee hole. A dark spot formed on my pant leg. 

I grabbed behind her neck and pulled her lips to mine. The kiss was hard and deep. Our tongues intertwined through our open mouths. Her hand now had a firm grasp of my shaft and was stroking me as I took hold of her plump breast. I used my thumb to play with her hardening nipple until they were even larger. I moved both hand under her shirt and massaged her milk glands. Both nipples were rock hard. I pinched them both. Amanda whimpered. 

Both of her hands were now clawing at the closure of my pants. She reached in and carefully pulled out my stiff cock. She looked at it and smiled. "I love uncut cock. It's so sexy and hot when I pull back the foreskin and expose the head."

We had to reposition ourselves. Amanda moved between my legs as I sat in the tall stool. She lifted her tee and leaned forward. She slid my cock under her bra and between her hot cleavage. She used her hands to press them together as I tit fucked her. On the down stroke, I was able to hit the bottom of her chin. She tilted her chin downward and was able to take some of my knob into her mouth.

I reached behind and undid her bra. I placed a hand behind her head and pressed down slightly. More of my dick pushed through the open vee neck of her shirt. Amanda just giggled slightly and she took more of me into her mouth. 

"Gawd Amanda! Your mouth is so hot." I groaned.

I had both hands on the side of her head and guided the pace and depth. She grabbed my ass and pulled me all the way into her mouth. I could feel me slide down her throat. A wet tongue lapped my balls and then pulled them into her mouth as well. Her head bobbed up and down but never released its hold on me.

Finally Amanda had to come up for air. I popped out of her mouth as she coughed and gasped. She went right back down again but this time used her hands to push my balls into her mouth.

The only thing that was saving me from exploding right now was the fact I had just cum inside her sister. Even then, my brain was on the edge of blowing up and my body was vibrating in ecstasy. I finally had to pull Amanda's hair to make her relinquish her enthusiasm. 

"I want to make you cum!" Amanda pouted.

"Don't worry." I smiled as I jumped from my seat.

I turned her around and started to push down her pants. 

"No! Wait! Someone might come in!" She said worried. 

I paid no heed as I pushed her pants low enough and successfully exposed her smooth bum and her shaved pussy. I pressed her between my body and the bar. I forced my dick between her thighs and humped her.

"Oh god, Gerome. Just put it in me. Please!" She begged pushing her hips towards me. Her hands grabbed and positioned me as I pushed my cock between her wet, hot slit. "Oh yeah! Fuck me! Fuck me hard!"

I pounded my hips into her until all she could utter was make gagging noises. The walls of her pussy sucked at and squeezed my cock, milking whatever cum I had left in my balls. I felt that familiar sensation of a pending orgasmic explosion.

"I'm going to cum!" I warned.

"No! Not inside me! Please no! You'll get me pregnant!" She cried out, but it was way too late. There was no way I was going to stop.

"Uhhh...! Uhhh...! Uhhh...! Uhhh...!" I grunted as I shot my load into an unprotected pussy for the second time today. I continued to hump her ass even as I was just shooting air.

"Oooooh!" Amanda moaned as her orgasm took control of her body. Her body convulsed slightly as her womb filled with my white sperm. "Oh fuck, Gerome! I had only let my husband ever come inside me bareback. And that was to make me pregnant. But fuck that felt so good! I hope I don't get pregnant. I think timing is about right."

"I'm sorry Mandy. I couldn't pull out in time even if I wanted to." I apologised, but really didn't mean it. I slowly extracted my cock from her pulsating pussy and tucked myself back into my pants. 

Amanda's knees were trembling and wobbling. I had to help support her as she struggled to pull up her pants. 

We heard voices coming closer. Amanda stepped behind the bar still wiggling her hips to get her pants up. 

"Hi Amanda!" Said the voices.

"Hey Peter and Al!" She answered back in weak and shaky voice. 

I watched with amusement as she was able to finally get her pants up. She struggled to get their beers from the fridge but managed to serve them without further episode. 

She stood beside me again and placed a hand on my undeflating member. She whispered "Good god! Is it still hard?"

I placed my hand between her legs and felt the wetness. "Are you still horny?"

"Yes. I'll be finished at 6. Come by and I'll take you home." Amanda squeezed me. "My husband is away for work and the baby is over at my mom's."

I gave her a concerned look. 

"I'll let you cum inside me again." Then she smiled. "Don't worry. I have the morning after pill."