 "Bing!" 

The sound told me I had a text message on my cell phone. I unlocked my phone and disappointed to see it wasn't the message I was expecting from Shannon. 

If you read my last submissions, Shannon and I shared serious body fluids in various situations at Ganges, Sean's bar where she worked. Just before the New Year, Shannon shattered my heart when I found out that she had started to go out with someone. I was jealous and hurt. 

I still go to the bar to drink and to see Shannon, and we are still friends; just no benefits. I decided to not be consumed by my own envy. You know, still friends so look on the bright side. As a result, Shannon still felt like she can confide in me. 

"Bing!" I cradled my phone and tapped the message open; the one from Shannon. "U there?"

"Bing! Can you come over? I need to talk with someone."

I tapped my reply. "Yeah. NP. Where RU? Home?"

"Bing! Yeah. Kids are at school. Chris just left for work."

Shannon had two young children from when she was married to her now dead beat husband who was rarely in the picture. Chris was her current boyfriend.

"Ok. Over in a little while." I placed my phone down after I texted my reply.

"Bing!"

I picked it up again. 

"Can you bring wine? I need a drink."

"NP." I checked the time. It was only 11 o'clock; more than an hour after she said she'd text.

I quickly got ready and grabbed a couple of bottles of white. It sounded like at least a two bottle talk. Shannon doesn't live too far from me. I could actually walk it but winter in January is not conducive for a stroll. The wind-chill was minus 16 Celsius. Fucking cold! Thank goodness for remote car starter and heated seats.

I wasn't really expecting anything so I didn't think to change from my sweat shirt and track pants. However a parka, hat and gloves were essential. There was a light dusting of powder snow on the ground so boot are a must too. 

The car was barely warm when I parked it near Shannon's place. It was a little chilly walking to the front door and waiting for her to answer. 

The door opened. 

"Come in!" Shannon smiled but somberly. I handed over the bottles. "Thanks for coming over so quickly."

I unlaced my boots so I could remove them. The warm house felt nice as I took off my hat and coat. Shannon directed me to take a seat as she went to the kitchen for some glasses and an opener. I peeled off the foil and uncorked the first bottle of wine before pouring it out. 

I sat on a slight angle towards her as she took her place at the other end of the love seat chesterfield. She was dressed in some sweat pants and a tee. After handing her a glass, she took a long pull from it. Her green eyes closed as the wine went down her throat. She let out a little sigh.

"Aah... " Shannon brought both feet up onto the couch. She was wearing plain white, cotton socks. She wiggled her toes under the outside of my thigh below my buttock. 

"Feel better?" After the first bottle was quickly emptied, I asked cautiously. "A little at least?"

"Mmm... " Shannon moaned and gulped another glass from the second bottle. "Thanks."

"So...?" I wasn't sure how to broach the reason she called me over. 

"Oh. That dead beat, ex-husband of mine. He was here last night unannounced. Chris was here too!" Shannon started. "We just finished dinner and were relaxing with some wine. The kids were here in the living room area when the Ex arrived. Immediately when HE saw Chris, he started making all sorts of rude accusations that I had a number of guys in my bed and basically called me a slut. Just shit talking me!"

"What an ass!" I said. 

"I guess I was a bit pissed and started yelling back at him in ear shot of the kids." Shannon's eyes started to tear up. "Chris told him to leave. Then after when Chris and I talked about it, I didn't feel I had his total support. It felt like he partially blamed me. He also blamed me for letting him in and letting him manipulated me like that."

"Well he is their father and you wouldn't have known that he was going to go ballistic." I told her. 

"I went to bed. Chris came in later and apologised." Tears were free flowing down Shannon's cheeks. "But it felt like a forced apology. He wanted to make out but I felt it was just about him and his dominance of me over my ex. I rolled over and went to sleep... or pretended to."

Shannon continued. "This morning wasn't much better. He was moody and sulked out."

I shook my head and tried to give her a supportive look but was unsure what to do to make her feel better. "I'm sorry we're all idiots sometimes!"

Shannon cracked a smile through the tears. She rose up from the seat and sat in my lap. "Can I get a hug?"

I surrounded her shoulders and gave her a comforting squeeze. I return, Shannon kissed me on the cheek. She settled her bum between my legs; I raise my right leg on the couch as she spooned her back into my chest. I wrapped my arms around her.

"Thanks. You're a good friend." She told me. "I feel much better."

She closed her eyes as I kissed her on the neck. She snuggled her head into the nape of my neck and promptly nodded off. Unable to get up without disturbing her, I was able to reach a blanket and draped it over us. 

I guessed due to being upset so much, she didn't get much sleep last night. I could feel the gentle purr of her breathing as she napped for almost an hour. She shifted slightly to her left side, her lips started nibbling on my neck beneath my jaw line. She slipped a hand beneath my shirt and found my left nipple. "Mmm... Oh, G... " Shannon murmured as she stirred and so did my cock. "Sorry. I didn't mean to nod off like that, but it was so comfy and warm."

Shannon looked up to me and presented her parted, plump, puckered lips. I pressed mine against hers. Her tongue reached inside my mouth. I hugged her hard. My hand found her fulsome breast unencumbered by a bra. Her nipple was already engorged and hard. I pinched it firmly but gently. 

"Uh!" She uttered as her body reacted. "W... we shouldn't!"

I started to remove my hand but Shannon took hold of it and guided it back to her breast. I looked down at her but didn't say anything.

"I said we shouldn't. Does not mean don't!" It was almost an order. 

As I continued to thumb her nipple, Shannon moaned and squirmed about; which did nothing to stop my cock from reacting. I'm pretty sure she could feel it press against her left ass cheek especially when she wiggled her butt into me. 

"Oh!" Shannon moaned. She took hold of my hand and directed it downwards. She grabbed my finger and placed it where she wanted it. I could feel her hard nib through the sweats she was wearing. A wet spot grew quickly. She was humping against it but I refused to let her set the pace. Exasperated, she swore. "You fucker!"

Finally I slipped my hand under her waistband and restarted my manipulations. I slid my middle fuck finger along her soaked slit. Her lips were parted and allowed me to enter my digit easily. Shannon came instantly. 

"Uuh! Uuh! Uuh...!" Shannon's body convulsed uncontrollably. One final convulsion before she managed to whimper. "Fuck that was nice, but now... "

She slide off the chesterfield pulling the blanket with her. Kneeling on the floor, but still between my legs, she grabbed my sweats and pulled them down and off. I lifted my butt to help her. My cock sprung up; rigid, red and ready. 

She grabbed it with her fist and slowly stroked it until a large bead of clear pre-cum formed from my pee hole. She used her finger to collect it and place it deep inside her mouth. "Mmm... " She forced another bead out, this time she collected it directly with the tip of her hot tongue. 

Shannon pulled back my foreskin and swirled her tongue around my knob. She gave it a kiss and then slid her fat lips over taking the head 

and into her mouth. She bit it gently as her tongue circled about.

"Zzzt... Zzzt... Zzzt! Zzzt... Zzzt... Zzzt!" Her phone rang. Without looking, she picked up the phone and declined the call.

"That was Chris! He insisted on that ring for him." She told me as she went back to work on my dick.

Less than two minutes later. "Zzzt... Zzzt... Zzzt! Zzzt... Zzzt... Zzzt!"

Shannon shook her head. I could tell she wasn't pleased with the disturbance. She mouthed "sorry" before answering the phone. "What!"

There was a long pause. Of course I could only listen to one side of the conversation.

"Well you should be. As a boyfriend, I didn't feel you were very supportive."

My dick started to wilt a slightly. Shannon kept listening on the phone while she stroked me back to hardness.

"Yeah... Well... "

She held her index finger to her lips then took me back into her mouth.

"Mmm!" Her head bobbed up and down; then suddenly let my dick pop out. "Just eating something."

She arose from her kneeling position. With her free hand she pushed her sweats down to her ankles and kick them off. Continuing to listen, she straddled me so that she could hump her slippery slit along my shaft. 

"Oh god! (Pause) Really? (Pause) No...!"

Shannon raised her hips enough so she could point me into her. With a single thrust, I entered her hole.

She let out a sharp "Uh!"

"Oh yeah! I'm okay. Just got stabbed." She gave me a silent chuckle.

"Yeah you were a bit of a dick!" She said to him as the rhythm of our fucking quickened; the intent more forceful. Her eyes closed as her head rolled backwards. It was too much for either of us and I started to cum inside of her. I let out a small moan. She covered my mouth with her hand as she bit her lips to remain silent. Her eyes were squeezed shut but her mouth was wide open and tried not to scream as she came. After a long silence she managed "Aaah...! No... Yeah, I'm still here... "

Shannon gave me a wicked look as if to say "You're going to get me in trouble."

"What?" She said suddenly. "How soon? (pause) Um... okay. Bye."

"What was that last bit about?" I held her in place while still thrusting into her.

"Oh, you fuck! I want you to do me some more but that idiot will be here in about a half hour." She gave me a hard kiss on the lips. "You gotta go!"

I gathered my stuff quickly and left. As I walked to my car, I noticed him drive by. 

Later I got a text from Shannon.

"Bing! You left just in time."

"Bing! We made up and made out. Still had you inside me though. Made him eat me first! He wondered why I was so wet. LOL. I guess I fucked him silly. He's napping on the couch where you and I just did it!"

I texted her back. "You're wicked. That's why I luv you."

"Bing!"

"Cum by again. I'll let you know when he's not here."