 I wake up to the sound of rain hitting my windowpane.  I realize that that I'm in England.  I flew over a few days early to surprise My Love.  Right now you are at work waiting tomorrow when you think you will meet me at the airport.  But your friend and I had different plans.  I have chosen the perfect everything.  I did a little shopping in London after I arrived and your friend was kind enough to allow me to stay with him a bit to get some sleep.  But now it is time to get ready to see you, Matthew.  I walk to the bathroom and begin to run the water.  I let my satin nightgown fall to the floor as I brush my hair.  I start the shower and step underneath the water slowly.  Before long, my body is glistening as the water moistens my skin.  I begin to shampoo my hair.  My fingers massage my scalp as the lather runs down my neck to my breasts.  It falls off the tip of my nipples.  I step under the water again and close my eyes as it consumes my body.  I rub conditioner through my hair and begin to shave.  I start first at the toe all the way up to my knee.  I work my way around then move up to my thigh.  I do the same to the other leg.  After I have finished all my shaving, I have just one more spot that I have been saving for this occasion.  I shave my pussy until it is all smooth and soft.  I rub my entire body with the sponge until my legs, my back, my breasts; my entire body is covered in lather.  I step under the shower again and feel the water pulsating against my skin as it washes away the lather.  I can feel the suds creep down my body tickling each sensitive area as if a ghost was seducing me his hands barely touching my naked body.  I step out of the shower and wrap a towel around me.  Now it is time to dress.

I have chosen something red for the occasion.  I have a black satin and lace bra, black garter belt and black stockings with a seam up the back.  No panties though, I have promised you at least that much.  I slip on my new black, satin slip.  It has lace on the edge of the skirt and a slit on one side.  It falls to about mid-thigh.  The dress I bought is red.  It has a sweetheart neckline, hugs gently abound the waist and flares out a bit at the skirt.  But most importantly, it has a slit on one side.  If I move just right, you can see my stockings and garters.  My heels are high and sexy.  I put my hair up in a twist but I'm sure to hold it with just one comb.  I want him to be able to take it out and allow my hair to fall all around my neck and shoulders.  I wear crimson lipstick and perfect make-up.  After putting on my jewelry, I put on my coat to see you.

Your friend takes me to where he works.  I see him from a distance.  You are so wrapped up in tasks and customers that you do not see me.  I walk up to you and tap his shoulder.   "Excuse me Sir.   Could you help me over here?"

Without turning you begin, "Sure, what can I..." You turn to see me.  You stand there for a moment looking into my eyes, and then all of a sudden he sweeps me up in your arms and holds me so tight I can barely breathe.  You look at me again and says, "Oh Baby... " As you lean down and softly kiss me.  Your tongue slips into my mouth and mine into his.  We kiss for the first time in months.  We kiss.  You introduce me to everyone including your boss, John.  In his infinite wisdom, John decides to let you leave early.  I say not a word the whole cab ride to the hotel I have arranged for.  We walk up the stairs to our room.  Your hands touch my body the whole way.  I unlock the door and we step into the room.  The candles are lit.  I had them arranged everywhere in the room.  The pink and white roses fill the room with the scent of romance.  You smile as you look at me.  "You've thought of everything, haven't you?"

"I wanted this to be perfect.  I've dreamt about it for so long.  Make love to me, Matthew."  You take me in your arms and kiss me.  Your hands slide down my body to my ass.  You notice the garter belt and follow one of the straps down my leg.  You pull my leg up to you until you reach my stockings.

With a devilish grin you say, "Well, Stacey, you have thought of everything."  You start to unfasten them but stop and snicker.  "No.  I think we will let these on."  You unzip my dress and let it fall to the floor.  I step back so you can see me.  You smile as I take out my comb and let my hair down.  Your eyes scan down to my breasts down to my legs and up again.  "You even remembered the slip.  I like it.  Now take it off."

"No Matthew, you take it off.  Let me put on some music. "  I walk to the stereo and put on "Can't Stand the Rain."   The music begins as you walk over to me.  You take me into your arms and we start to dance.  Our bodies move as one to the music.  Looking into each other's eyes, we can read each other's thoughts.  Our pain over the past few months takes the shape of tears.  I cry as I stare at you.  For the first time in months, I see you cry as if you haven't let yourself feel the entire anguish of our separation until now.  You knew one of us had to be strong and you decided before I left that it would be you.  It's the reason you only would allow your tears to escape when I was laying on your chest.  I could hear you breathing but I couldn't hear that.  And it's the same reason you didn't fall onto the floor at the airport until I had already left.  You couldn't let me see that.  But now we are together, My Sweet.  I am in your arms at last and I'll be in your arms forever now.  You cradle my head in your hands as you lean down and give me the softest kiss ever.

Still moving to the music, I take off your shirt.  Your chest is even more beautiful then I remember it.  I begin with soft kisses.  Barely touching you as if you are a dream I don't want to wake from, I work my way down your chest to your stomach.  I unfasten your jeans and pull them off.  You lay on the bed waiting what you have been dreaming about for the past two months.   I look up into your eyes as I slip off your boxers.  "What do you want Matthew?"  I say smiling like a chest sire cat.

"You know what I want, Baby.  Please, I want to watch you suck my cock."

"All right then." 

My mouth is watering as I hold your cock in my hands.  I lick my lips.  Then, while looking into your eyes, I lick the whole length of your cock.  I circle the tip with my tongue barely touching.  I can hear you moan.  I take your cock into my mouth.  I let it slide all the way down my throat.  I suck hard as I let you slide in and out of my mouth.  My hand strokes you as I do this twisting and guiding your cock into my mouth.  I can hear how much you love this.  Your hand gently brushes back my hair so you can see everything.  I go faster and faster.  You are getting more and more excited.  But I take my time.  I go slower for a bit.  I stop long enough to suck your balls.  I begin again.  I pull my hand away and let you fuck my mouth a bit.  Your cock hits the back of my throat again and again.  Faster and faster.  I get more and more excited.  I want to please you.  I stop you so I can suck your cock.  I start stroking and twisting again.  I suck even harder then before.  My tongue wraps around your cock in my mouth so I can taste as much as I can.  Your cock starts to throb.  You tap my shoulder and yell, "Stacey, I'm going to come if you don't stop that!"  I suck harder and faster.  "Stacey, Stacey, Please!  Your hand grabs my shoulder hard.  Your body becomes tense.  "Now, Stacey, Now!"  I don't stop.  I want to taste every part of you.  You explode inside my mouth.  I do my best to swallow every drop.  You lay there motionless for a while still in shock.  You gently stroke my hair and say, "thank you.  I love you, Stacey." 

We take a drink of wine and I lay down beside you in your arms.  Before long, well after about a minute, you begin caressing my breasts.  You repeat over and over again "I love you in this, Stacey."  I can feel your cock swell as you lay behind me.  Your hand finds its way up my slip to my breasts.  My nipples are hard and erect begging for you to touch them.  You take off my slip and lean above me for a while just looking.  "You're more beautiful than I remembered, Baby."  I smile and blush a bit.  Your naked body wants company as you begin to undress me.  You do so slowly beginning at my bra.  Your attention moves to my legs.  Skillfully you unhook my garters one after the other.  You slide my stockings off my legs very slowly as if you were unwrapping a present.  Your hand slides up my leg lifting me just enough to unhook my garter.  I am naked before you.  "Now it's my turn to please." You say as you part my legs.   You smile as you notice my bare, smooth pussy.

You part my lips and give my pussy one long lick before teasing my clitoris.  Barely touching me, you circle it slowly.  I begin to move unable to control my own body.  I've dreamt of this for so long.  You begin to flicker your tongue a little harder now as you slip you fingers inside me.  You stop licking me long enough to tease me with your fingers.  I come right then and there.  You snicker as you begin to taste me again.  Only this time you do it harder.  Your tongue flickers faster.  I left my hips uncontrollably.  You wrap your arms around my legs to keep me still as you begin to suck my clit.  I can feel the orgasm building inside me.  It reaches the point of pure torture until it consumes my body.  Every muscle in my body tenses and the juices pour out of my pussy.  Instead of stopping you continue to tease.  You suck and tease at intervals.  The orgasms come one right after the other until I do not know where one begins and one ends.  When I think I can take no more, you suck my pussy hard.  This is more than enough to take my orgasm to a new height.  All at once, my back arches and my pelvis lifts off the bed despite your attempts to keep me still.  Your mouth never leaves my clit.  I come for a full ten minutes unable to speak or move.  As my body relaxes, I see you looking into my eyes as you crawl on top of me.  "I want to make sweet love to you, Baby, all night long."

"Yes, Matthew, please make love to me."  With the tenderness of the first time you made love to me, you enter me.  I haven't felt you for so long so I am tight around you.  You move very slowly at first to give me a chance to relax.  Slow, deep stokes.  But soon, our passion can no longer be paced.  You move faster and deeper inside me.  My body moves with yours.  I come again.  You move faster and deeper.  "Matthew, let me, please."  You stop and allow me to climb on top of you.  Your cock slips inside me.  I begin to move slowly as if I am trying to memorize every moment.  I caress my breasts and pinch my nipples as you watch.  I lay down to kiss you.  V-e-r-y  s-l-o-w-l-y moving as I begin to orgasm constantly it seems.  My juices dripping down your cock covering your balls.  I lean back and allow you to enter me all the way once more.  Your desire becomes too much.  Before I know what is happening, you throw me back on the bed and put a pillow under me.  You begin pushing deep inside me.  You move so fast and so hard that I can barely breathe.  Your eyes never leave mine.  I run my fingers through your hair.  My fingers dig into your back.  You fuck me harder and harder, faster and faster.  You look at me.

"I'm going to come now, Baby."

"Yes, Matt, I want to feel you come inside me."

"Now."  You say as your come fills my pussy.  You collapse on top of me.  "Thank you, Baby.  I love you."

"I love you too, Matthew."  We lay there still wrapped up in each other for the longest time.  Finally, sleep falls upon us and we crawl under the covers and hold each other as we always have.  I smile.  I thought I had lost my soul.  Turns out all the while you had it.  Our purgatory has ended.  We are together and our souls reconnect.