 "Okay," Scott Anderson murmured as he confirmed the address on the mailbox against the handwritten note he held in his left hand. In his right was the English term paper, the deadline for which was just about an hour earlier. Twenty-eight minutes had passed since he asked—actually, he begged—Professor Wright's assistant to divulge the anal-retentive pompous ass's home address. And now here he was standing in front of Wright's beautiful home, prepared to grovel or do almost anything to avoid getting a zero on this assignment, which was a full fifty percent of his grade. Wright never accepted any late work, but Scott's college future depended on the professor making an exception.

He rushed up the walk to the front door, carrying the eight-page paper, which he had freshly printed just forty minutes before. Sure, he was given plenty of time to complete the assignment, and yes, he had procrastinated as he always did, and no, he probably didn't deserve an extension, even a thirty minute one. But he needed it. His parents would kill him, or even worse, stop sending him money. He took a deep breath and practiced his plea in his head.

'Professor Wright, I know you have a policy against accepting work after the deadline, but I really have a good excuse. Last night I got a call telling me that my father was in an accident...'

Fuck that sucks. He'll never buy that.

'...um, I was rushed to the hospital because I had this case of... flesh eating bacteria and...'

That's just stupid. Stick with the truth and beg. Okay...

He took a deep breath and knocked quietly. He waited for thirty seconds and then knocked louder. There was no answer, no sound coming from inside the house. After another few seconds, Scott spotted the doorbell and pressed it once, then waited and pressed it twice and waited again. He closed his eyes while running his hands over his face, sweaty due in part to his worry, but mostly from the searing ninety-degree Florida heat. But still there was no answer. He rang the bell once more, stared down at the flagstone porch, and sighed in defeat.

Scott moved along the front of the house to a window and cupped his hand over the glass to peer inside. He looked around the living room and found it empty. He continued to the side of the house, being careful to avoid crumpling his work as his stress level continued to climb. As he rounded the corner, he heard the soft sounds of music coming from the backyard.

When he reached the fence, he saw a woman sunbathing near the pool in a large cushioned lounge chair. She appeared to be in her early forties, and her eyes were closed. She wore a bright white bikini, which appeared to not nearly be up to the task of covering her full breasts. Her long, dark brown hair accented her attractive face. She was breathtaking, and for a moment Scott forgot all about the paper or Professor Wright or college or his parents or any of it.

As he stood there staring, his young hormones burst into action. He was quickly and painfully reminded of how long it had been since he'd last had sex. That one-night stand romp after a night of drinking was amazing—well, at least what he could remember of it seemed like a good memory. And now, here he was with a month left before the end of the spring semester. He preferred not to do the math and figure out how many weeks—or even worse, days—it had been since someone else had participated in one of his orgasms.

Scott's eyes traveled from the woman's cleavage to her shapely hips and followed her toned legs down to her perfect ankles and, finally, to her tiny feet. He liked women's feet. Maybe not to the point of being a fetishist, but he was a big fan.

He stood there with his eyes wide open as the sweat pooled on his forehead. He was too preoccupied to notice when the perspiration slid down his face toward his chin. He finally felt it as it dangled there, threatening to jump. Almost in slow motion, he tilted his head down and watched the droplet as it careened toward his cover page. He reflexively tried to move the paper out of the way, but he was too late. The large drop splashed on the cover page, smudging the title and most of his last name.

"Fuck," he said as he proceeded to shake the paper dry.

The woman's eyes shot open as she discovered the source of the expletive.

Scott looked up to her with an apologetic smile. "I... I'm sorry to bother you, but I was, uh..." His gaze once again became lost in her cleavage, and he tore his eyes away.

She sat up in her chair and gave him a curious smile. "Are you looking for Ted?"

He looked back to her. "Yes, I'm looking for Professor Wright. I'm a student in his English class."

"Sorry, I'm afraid you just missed him."

Scott closed his eyes and sighed.

She stood and approached the fence with a cheery smile. Scott wore a frown even though now, with the woman standing, her breasts looked even more impressive. His eyes floated to them and then quickly returned to her face.

"I'm Ted's wife, Rebecca. He won't be back until later this evening."

"Nice to meet you. My name is Scott—Scott Anderson—and I was hoping to drop off this paper that's due today."

Rebecca gave him a disapproving stare. "Now, didn't you miss the deadline?"

He grimaced and then stammered, "My printer ran out of ink and I had to run to the library to print it. I... I... had to wait for a computer. That's why I was late. I'm so sorry, I—"

She continued on with her stone-like glare. "My husband doesn't allow any excuses. If you're late, you get no credit, if I'm not mistaken."

He sighed. "I know... I know that's his policy, but I was going to beg him. If I get an F on this paper, I'm going to fail the class... and if I fail this class, my parents are going to stop paying for college, and I—"

Rebecca shook her head with a frown as he stared up to her with sad, desperate eyes. Her expression shifted into a smile. "I'm kidding with you."

"Thank God." He took a deep breath and gave her a hopeful look.

"It'll be our little secret. I can slip the paper right in with his stack. He'll never know."

"You're saving my life. I don't know what to—"

"Just give it to me, and I'll take care of it."

Scott handed over the paper, and she took a quick glance. "Oh, the cover is smudged. That's going to cost you a letter grade. Ted can be sort of anal retentive about these kinds of things."

"I can deal with loosing a letter grade."

"Why should you, when we can easily print you a new page? You want to come in and use the computer?"

"I'd really appreciate it."

Rebecca smiled as she opened the gate for Scott. "Follow me."

She turned and his eyes instantly locked onto her shapely ass. He had seen firsthand Professor Wright flirting with some of the female students in class, and he shook his head in disbelief. He thought, If I had a wife at home like this, I wouldn't be looking at any other women. I'd be running home during lunch to do all kinds of things to her.

She grabbed the sheer cover-up from the lounge chair, slipped it over her shoulders, and then led him into the house.

Inside, Scott was impressed with the décor of the upscale residence. Rebecca stopped in the gourmet kitchen and turned to him with a smile. "Can I get you something to drink?"

"No, thank you."

Rebecca headed toward the refrigerator, and Scott stared mesmerized at her legs as she walked gracefully away.

"Are you sure? I'm going to have some lemonade." She opened the refrigerator door and bent down to pull open the fruit drawer. His mouth shot open when her cover-up lifted up, exposing a gorgeous view of her perfect heart-shaped ass.

"Um, well..." Scott stammered as blood began heading to his groin. "It is hot. I could use a drink."

She pulled a lemon from the drawer, turned to him and smiled.

"Why don't you use the computer while I get the drinks?" She pointed to a doorway. "It's through there, in the den. You know what to do, right?"

"Thank you."

Scott headed toward the computer as Rebecca placed the lemon on the cutting board and pulled a knife from the drawer.

He sat down in the large leather chair and adjusted the uncomfortable bulge in his shorts. He gazed impressed at the mahogany desk and shelves lined with hundreds of books. Scott glanced at a picture on the desk of Ted and Rebecca in formalwear. Ted had a goofy look on his face, but she looked gorgeous.

He muttered to himself, "Wow."

Tearing his eyes from the photo, he fired up the computer. He typed and formatted his cover page in the word processor and clicked the print button. As the page slipped into the tray, Rebecca walked through the doorway carrying two glasses. She handed Scott his glass.

"Thank you," He took a quick sip and placed the glass on the desk. He turned and picked up his freshly-printed cover page. He glanced back to her shyly. "Do you have one of those staple remover things?"

"Here, I'll do it for you. I used to be an office manager, but I'm working on my real estate license now."

He smiled. "There's a lot of money to be made there."

"I hope so," she said as she took the pages from him.

He watched as she reassembled his document, catching a quick glance of her cleavage as her cover-up spread open near her neck.

When she was finished, she glanced around the cluttered desk until she located the professor's briefcase. Rebecca pulled it up to the desk, opened it, and looked inside to find a folder full of student papers.

"Here's the stack." She smiled. "I'll just slip it in the middle. He'll never even know."

They shared a grin. She moved to sit in the chair across from him and took a sip of her lemonade.

He took another drink and smiled. "This is delicious. Thank you. Oh, and I really appreciate you letting me use the computer and—"

"Don't mention it. Any student of Ted's is..." Her face contorted, and she qualified that thought with an angry edge to her voice. "Well not any student."

Scott gave her a curious stare.

She took a sip. "He's been known to get a little too close to some of his female students. The pretty ones mostly."

"Huh," Scott muttered while wearing a guilty look. She eyed him curiously as he took another big sip of lemonade.

"Is he tough on you in class?"

"Well, not really. I mean he seems to single me out and ridicule me for no real reason, but maybe he's just trying to get me to do my best work."

"No, he's an ass," she said, casually.

He looked at her, shocked.

Rebecca asked, "Have you noticed anyone in particular that he's been giving any extra special attention to in your class?" She moved to the edge of her seat.

"Well, um, no, not that... uh..."

"Scott, come on. You can tell me. You do kind of owe me one. You should tell me the truth."

"No, I mean there's nothing to tell, really. Sure he's a little nicer to the attractive girls, but I wouldn't say that, uh, anyone..." He began to stammer as Rebecca gave him a tired look. "Okay, maybe Brittany or, possibly, there's this girl named Ashley. He seems to treat them both a little differently...sort of."

"Would that be Ashley Jones?"

"Yeah."

Her words dripped with anger. "I know all about Ashley."

Scott's eyes widened. "Really? I used to date Ashley. Well, I mean, we went out, like, twice, but after that, she was always busy or... That was a few months ago."

"Sorry to hear that. Did you two stop seeing each other around Spring Break?"

"Yeah, I think it was late March."

"That's when she started emailing him," Rebecca said.

"You don't think she and Professor Wright are, you know—" Scott asked with his heart sinking in his chest.

"Oh, I know they are," Rebecca replied quickly.

"You saw them together?"

"No, but I installed this keystroke capture software on his computer and found out his email password."

"I'm sure she's just got a crush on him or something, and he's not dumb enough to act on it or anything."

"It's a little more than a crush." Rebecca frowned, stood, and moved to the computer. "Let me show you the emails."

"I, uh..." he stammered, but she leaned over him and began typing on the keyboard. He lost his train of thought as he felt the heat from her body pouring onto him. She clicked the mouse, and her forearm brushed his shoulder.

"Sorry," she muttered.

He glanced at where their skin had touched, half-expecting to see a red mark. Then his eyes traveled to her cleavage. He stared for a moment before closing his eyes and drinking in the scent of her sunscreen mixed with the intoxicating fragrance of her shampoo.

When his gaze floated up to Rebecca's face, he caught her glancing out of the corner of her eye at him. She looked away quickly, but he could swear he saw a grin replace her frown just before she did. Leaning just a little closer to her, he took another deep breath and felt that familiar rush of heat to his groin. Then he noticed Rebecca struggling with the mouse as she tried to move the pointer across the screen.

Scott sprung into action spotting the cord trapped under the keyboard. Reaching out, he freed it for her. "There... that was, uh, stuck."

He turned his eyes to her and caught her staring down at the bulge in his shorts. She must have felt his eyes on her because she quickly looked up at the screen.

"Oh, thank you," she muttered as she fanned her hand in front of her face.

Rebecca shook her head and returned her focus to the computer as his glance traveled back to her cleavage. His mind drifted away somewhere with the two of them wearing much less clothing.

She clicked on an email and blurted out, "Ah, here it is."

Scott's eyes shot open as the sound of her voice brought him back to Earth. "What?"

"I found it."

"Oh, I'm sure that they're just friends, and he—"

She shot him a smug look. "Do your women friends ever send you close-up pictures of their pussies?"

On the PC, a full-screen picture appeared of a young woman with her legs spread and a tightly-zoomed image of her perfectly coiffed pubic hair over her stunning vagina.

Scott stared at the screen, mesmerized.

Rebecca repeated harshly, "Do they?"

He tore his eyes from the monitor and stammered, "Well, I, uh, don't really have a lot of women friends, so I couldn't say for—"

He stopped talking when she turned to glare at him. Rebecca rolled her eyes and returned her attention to the computer screen. She closed the image and scrolled up to the message. "Let me read it to you. 'Teddy I need you inside me...again. I'm waiting. Why can't you come over tonight? I'm so sad.'"

"Mrs. Wright, I'm sorry. I, uh..."

"No, I'm sorry that he probably stole her from you."

"Are you sure that's my Ashley? I think there are two Ashley Joneses in the senior class, and I really don't recognize the picture of her." She didn't reply. Instead she searched for another email message as he continued, "We never actually... Not that I could probably pick a vagina out of a lineup or anything, but—"

After opening another message, she clicked on a picture attachment. "Is this her?"

An image of Ashley, Scott's Ashley, appeared on the screen. His eyes went quickly from her face to her B-cup, perky, fully-exposed breasts, as she was topless. He ran his hands through his hair. "Fuck me."

Scott sat there with his mouth wide open, overwhelmed by his own disappointment until he picked up the devastated look on Rebecca's face. "Sorry. Gee. I mean, this is much more horrible for you... I barely know the girl, but this is your husband. I feel like a—"

"Don't worry about it. It's shocking when you learn that the person you love is having sex with someone else. It's even more shocking when you find out he's doing it over and over, and you have to move from college to college, and he swears it will never happen again... And like an idiot, you believe him."

"I don't know what to say." Scott looked back to the picture on the desk of Ted and Rebecca and shook his head in disgust. "Ashley... I don't... what does she see in him?" He sighed once again and then made eye contact with Rebecca. "I didn't mean that. I mean, he's a little too old for her, I guess."

Rebecca scoffed. "No, I'm with you... what does she see in him? Let me read you this one."

Uncomfortable, he stared at the screen as she closed the picture and read the email. "'I need you to lick my pussy exactly like you did last night.'"

She turned to him, paused while just staring, and then said, "He never, ever licks my pussy."

Scott opened his mouth to speak, decided he had nothing to offer, and then simply shrugged.

"I take that back. Maybe he did once, like five years ago, but he claims he doesn't like to do it. Something about a pain in his jaw or... I don't know."

He shook his head before moving his hand to his chin. He began rubbing it while wearing a confused stare. "I had no idea he was—"

"Evidently he can't pull his tongue from between Ashley's thighs, but mine... he never gets close. And I can tell you, getting a Brazilian wax every three weeks is no picnic."

"I'll bet."

She moved back to the chair and picked up her lemonade.

Scott stared at her for an awkward moment. "Thanks again for helping me, and I'm sorry about... you know. You are way more attractive than Ashley. And she's not all that bright, and you really blow her away, looks wise. I'm serious... Not to mention your body is, uh..."

Rebecca grinned at him with her eyes wide as she pushed her hair away from her face self-consciously.

Scott cleared his throat. "Sorry, that was completely inappropriate."

"No, it was nice to hear." Her eyes traveled down his face to the curve of his shoulder to his toned bicep as it tested the tight band of the sleeve of his polo shirt.

He pulled at his collar nervously. "It's really hot in here. Are you hot, because I'm hot."

"No, but I'm just wearing a swim suit, so... Would you like to cool off in the pool?"

He sat up straight in the chair. "Oh, no, but thanks. I really should go."

"Come on, it's like a hundred degrees out there."

"I don't really have a bathing suit or anything and—"

"I'll loan you one of Teddy's. It's one he's never worn. His tiny penis has never been inside of it, I promise."

"No, it's not that. I just, uh..."

"I insist. He won't be back for hours. I did help you with your paper. It's the least you could do. I was about to go for a swim anyway." She whispered, "It's not safe to swim by yourself."

"Oh, yeah... I think I heard that somewhere. The buddy system."

She smiled. "Right. The buddy system. Okay, yeah."

Rebecca shot out of her seat. "I'll be right back with the suit." She headed out of the room.

Rebecca waited in the pool as Scott stood in the den and stared at the swim trunks while still wearing all his clothes. He opened the wood blinds a bit and glanced out to the pool to see Rebecca floating on her back with her large, full breasts bouncing out of the water.

"Shit, what the hell am I doing?"

He sat down in the desk chair, moved his hands to his face, leaned back, and took a long, deep breath.

"Okay, just a swim. A quick swim and then I'll get out of here."

He stripped off his clothes and stared down to his penis, which was a bit more swollen than normal. "Don't do this to me. Stay down."

He pulled up the swim trunks over his now even-larger bulge and shook his head with a frown. "I can do this."

Scott walked out to the patio with one hand draped casually over his groin. Rebecca watched him closely while wearing a slight smile as he made his way to the edge of the pool.

"How's, uh, the water?" he muttered.

"Invigorating."

He returned an uncomfortable smile as he stood on the edge and stared down at her.

She squinted up to him while shielding her eyes from the blaring sun. "Are you coming in?"
