 It was another hot day today. With no work going on, I dropped by Ganges' my local watering hole. It was just after noon and the bright, hot sun cast a little shadow on the parking lot pavement. The white golf shirt I wore was already wet at the pits as droplets of sweat rolled down my back. While I usually wore long pants or jeans, it was way too hot. I took an old pair of 501 button fly's and scissored off the legs at mid-thigh.

Walking into the darkened bar from the bright outside, I could see nothing until my eyes adjusted. I was able to make out the form of Sean the owner. He held out a fist. "Hi G!"

I returned a fist bump and took a seat on the raised padded bench facing the bar and TV's. My eyes finally clear enough to see. Appearing from the back, was the girl bartender of the day (Sean only hires female keeps), Shannon. 

Shannon was a very outgoing, attractive, mom with two young kids. I think she was about late thirties, maybe early forties. Her long, black hair cascaded freely over her shoulders. Her brown eyes sparkled as her generous lips smiled when she saw me. "G!"

As she moved closer to me and some light, I was able to see what she was wearing: A white tank top which did little to hide the fact she was wearing a bright red bra beneath. The top was low-cut enough to display her soft, inviting and ample cleavage. I felt the immediate stirring below.

"Thanks for coming!" Shannon came over for me to give her a hug. She braced her hands on my naked thighs as I surrounded her with my arms. As I pulled her tight, her breasts pressed against my chest. Her hands "slipped" up higher and under my shorts. Her thumb rubbed against my hardness. "There's no one here! I'm so bored!"

After releasing my hold, Shannon turned to the fridge and get my bottle of Ex. She opened the door and bent over to grab my brew. It was then I noticed, she too wore shorts; short shorts. They were just long enough to cover her ass cheeks but her shapely legs were completely bare but for the red runners she had on her feet. Peeking over the top was some red T-backs.

Shannon placed the ice cold beer on a coaster in front of me. Not sure why they always used coasters. The table top was made from arborite. Were they afraid of water stains? 

The front of her tee barely came down to the top of her shorts and I could see some of her soft belly. Her shorts were zipped up but the top button was undone. Her thong had to be pretty small since I couldn't see any red peeking.

We made some small talk while Sean was off in the back busily cleaning some of the place. With no one else to serve, Shannon sat beside me on the bench; her legs more than slightly parted. While the rear of her shorts were able to hide some of her modesty, the crotch part did nothing. Only the thin cut seam running between her thighs prevented her shorts from becoming a skirt. I easily saw the red crotch patch of her tiny panties.

Shannon was always touchy-feely, which I gladly accepted and reciprocated. I could feel her hot body against mine. Shannon place her hand on my inner thigh and moved it upwards until she could grab hold of my erection. She used her thumb to spread my pre-cum that leaked from my piss hole. My body jerked in delightful spasms at her touch.

Sean was reappearing from the rear. Shannon removed her hand and licked it dry while I pulled down the leg of my shorts. "Baby." Sean said. "Give him a shot. And one for you too!"

Shannon jumped down from the bench. Behind the bar, she reached up for the bottle of Johnnie Black and poured me a glass. She poured a shot of vodka for herself and brought both of them back to my table. We clinked glassware. "Thanks Sean." 

"Baby. I need to go to shop. And buy more Johnnie Black for G!" Sean smiled at his own joke. "Will you be okay?"

"I need to go to the bathroom first." Shannon replied. "Can you watch the bar for a minute?"

"Yeah...yeah!" Sean answered as she dashed to the back not really waiting for a response. "I'm not leaving yet."

Of course, no one else came in. One, it was still early. Two, you could tell it was one of those days were no one was around town. Three, most of the regulars know that Sean was cheap and wouldn't turn the A/C on until it became really unbearable. 

"Okay. Thanks Sean!" Shannon returned.

"Given him another. You too." Sean pointed to the bar stock and went back into the kitchen.

I drained the remainder of my first shot. Shannon placed refreshed glasses on the table and sat beside me with her legs spread very unlady-like. The red crotch patch that was there earlier was now missing and gave me a clear view of her smooth hairless pussy. I reached under and collected her juices on my finger and sucked it followed by a sip of my scotch. She quickly brought her knees together when we heard Sean exiting the kitchen. 

"Have one more each." Sean instructed as he left. "I'll be back in a couple of hours."

I hadn't finished sipping the second one as Shannon plonked down a third. She downed hers in one and planted a hard kiss on my lips. "Fuck, G! I'm so fucking horny! I hadn't had a hard cock inside me since the last time."

Shannon grabbed at my fly and popped the buttons apart. She reached in and fished out my rod. Her soft hands firmly stroked me, but she jerked her hand away as if she was touch a hot flame when Sean suddenly reappeared. I managed to pull my shirt down and over.

"Forgot my shopping list!" Sean bonked the side of his head with an open palm. He held up the list as he left again.

"Fuck that was close." Shannon held up her index finger and ran to the front patio. She looked outside to make sure Sean actually left this time. She was giggling when she came back. "Good thing I didn't have your cock in my mouth."

I pulled her head down and pushed myself into her open mouth. "You could have just told him that you were enjoying a cock-tail!"

She laughed and choked.

Shannon had a wonderfully talented, hot mouth that felt like a Hoover when she sucked me. Even with me more than halfway down her throat, she was able to extend her tongue out and lap at my ball sack. I would have gladded just dumped a load directly into her tummy but I knew she didn't want that. "Shannon! You're going to make me cum too fast!"

"Better not!" She released me with a pop. "I want it in me! I need to feel you cum inside me! Fuck me from behind!"

Shannon braced her hands against the bench as I moved behind her. My short fell around my feet. She pulled the wet crotch of her shorts aside and slipped me inside of her dripping cunt. Her hole was hot but a little loose after a couple of kid so it wouldn't make me cum too fast. She ground her hips back and forth into me. I slipped my hands beneath her tee shirt and grabbed handfuls of tit which I used as grips so I could push hard into her. The delicate bra gave way.

Shannon's face was buried onto the cheap, stained fabric covering of the bench. I was pinching her huge nipples. "Oh god, G! You feel so good inside me! Fuck! Oh fuck!"

Shannon's knees suddenly buckled. A small gush of juice ran down our legs. She screamed out. "F..U..C..K..! YES!"

I still was stroking my dick in and out of her spasming cunt. Her hand reached back against my hip. "Oh gawd! Stop! OH fuck!" She moaned. "Really sensitive!"

I slowly and reluctantly pulled out. Her body jerked as I did so. She was still leaning over as I bent down to pull up my shorts. I was face level with her ass and wet, glistening cunt. I couldn't help but want to lap up her juices. The more I lapped, the more juice I had to lap. 

I felt her cunt contract as she came again. More juice. Shannon cried out. "Stop! Stop!"

Instead, I pulled the skinny seam of her shorts aside and attacked her cute little bung hole instead. That seemed okay as she pushed her bum back into my face. The seam was getting in the way and abraded my face. I hooked a finger under it and yanked it out of the way. I guess I yanked a little too hard as the flimsy material gave way. Now she was wearing a skirt.

With free access, I firmly placed my mouth over her hole and plunged my tongue deep into her. I grabbed her hips to stop her from moving away and tongue fucked her as hard as I could. Shannon reached between her thighs and finger fucked her cunt. Her hand was a blur; I could hear the sloshing noise as she masturbated. "Oh gawd, G! I'm cum...m... Aaah! Aaah! Aaah! Aaaaaaah...!!"

I ceased my ass attack and withdrew my tongue. I could feel the coolness on my face as the wet instantly started to evaporate. Shannon showed me her soaked hand. She held it over my scotch glass and let it drip a couple of drops before sucking the rest of it dry.

I sat back down on the bench and took a sip from my tumbler. Amazingly, the peaty nectar had a more sweet taste to it. Shannon too her shot glass and held it between my thighs. Her thumb ran up from my ball sack to the head and pushed out my crystal clear pre-cum then let it drip into her vodka. Down in one.

She moved on top of me so she straddled my lap. My hard cock easily slipped into her hot, still dripping wet cunt. I took handfuls of her meaty ass as she slowly rocked back and forth. A couple sips of scotch with some beer chasing helped kill off a bit of the over-excitement building up inside me. 

I pulled her tee up and sucked on her cherry red nipples. Her head jerked back and body shook when I bit them firmly with my teeth. Shannon's hip thrusting increased in rhythm and intensity. She smashed my face between her bosoms. "Oh fuck, G! Cum! Cum inside me! Cum inside me now!"

Good thing since there was no way for me to resist the auto-response of fucking her hard. I fired an atomic load deep into her unprotected womb. "Oh fuck! Uuh! Uuh! Uuh! Uuh...!"

"Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Oh yeah!" Shannon screamed. "I can feel it! I can feel you shooting inside me!"

My body jerked in reaction to Shannon's retracting and squeezing cunt. Her hips maintained a slow rocking motion as we both tried to recover from our exhaustion. She finally had the strength enough to lift herself off of me. My whole crotch area was soaked with her juices and made a huge dark spot in my shorts. The bench and floor was covered in wet. I didn't remember her squirting that much the last time we fucked.

"That was fucking awesome, G! I needed that." She reached between her legs and collected a palm full of our sex fluids. "Oh my god! It's pouring out from me. It's running down my legs! Watch the bar!"

She dashed back to the ladies. I pulled my shorts and buttoned up. The wet area already cold against my hot skin. I moved over from the wet bench and gulped the rest of my scotch and beer. Shannon returned. Her hair combed; make-up refreshed and legs wiped dry. Her still hard, big nipples poked through her thin top. "G. Look. Look at my shorts!"

Shannon grabbed the front hem and lifted it up to show me she had put her red thong back on. I shook my head and said sarcastically. "Very sexy dear."

"You fuck!" She smiled. "I don't have anything to change into and I can't leave to go home! This is shorter than any mirco mini I used to own."

"Still pretty sexy, though." 

"Please! Please can I give you my house keys so you can pick something up for me?" Shannon pleaded. 

"Maybe." I answered. "I need another beer to think about it."

Shannon turned towards the fridge. 

I stopped her. "But first I need you to remove that offensive red thing."

She gave me a dirty smile and shimmied out of her thong. She hooked her thumb into the elastic and fired it at me. With her ass towards me, she bent over to get me my beer. 

I guess not everyone was away from town. 

"Hey there!" In walked loud mouth Paul. He was already more than half cut. He sat beside me and didn't notice the wet spot. He sniffed. "What the fuck is that smell? Sean needs to clean the place once in a while."

Shannon placed his beer on the coaster. He took a big gulp, then he noticed. "Wow, Shannon. That's a nice little mini you've got on. And I mean mini!"

Shannon came up to me and whispered. "Please! I need to change. This thing is barely long enough to cover my pussy and I can feel it start to drip again. Can I at least have my panties back?"

I really didn't want to leave Shannon alone with Paul, but fortunately trust worth Al walked in. I gave her a hug. "Okay Shannon. I'll be back."

"Wait!" She cried out, then whispered in my ear. "Please can I have my panties back?"

I thought for a second. "Um... No!"

I left for her place. And found some stuff for her to put on. Bra, panties, a red tee and a mid-thigh jean skirt. I placed them in a bag and returned to Sean's bar. Sean had returned by that time but was busy in the back. There were a few more people there too. I gave Shannon her change of clothes. She ran to the back.

When she returned, she gave me such a dirty look. While the top and skirt were a bit more modest, the underwear wasn't. I selected a delicate, black lace, underwire, shelf bra and some matching crotchless panties I had once bought her from Seductions. Her pointed nipples still proudly protruded out. Her skirt was more than a couple of inches below her pussy. 

I walked to the bar to pay my tab with a more than generous tip. She gave me a hug and told me. "I'll get you back for this!"

I gave her a deep kiss on the lips. My hand snuck under her skirt. I ran a finger along her wet crack and then inserted it as deep as I could.

"You fuck!" Shannon whispered. "I finish at six. Pick me up outside!"