 "Hello?" I answered the call on my cell. "Oh. Hi Shannon... No, nothing really... Uh, yeah I can help."

It was a cool fall morning, but the sun was shining in the azure sky. 

"How many boxes are we talking about moving" I asked. "At least a dozen? Well that won't fit in my car... Yeah I guess I can rent a van or something. Let me figure it out."

With my Lexus LC500 barely able to hold my golf clubs, I called the rental company. The price for a short term rental was stupid. I phoned my friend and asked if we could exchange cars for the day. He had a Mercedes GLC and with the seats down should be better than trying to pack it in my car. I texted Shannon that I should be there around 10:30 or 11.

It was warmer by the time I got to her place. I rang the front door bell and waited for her to answer. Shannon was a pretty natural beauty. Black hair with big eyes and full, plump lips. A nice body for a mom who had two kids. But I was completely taken aback when Shannon answered the door. Her make-up was completely done with long eye lashes and heavy mascara; cheeks had a nice pink hue from the blush and her lips were painted a beautiful, deep red. In her dark hair was a contrasting white lace veil cascading down over her naked shoulders where a long flowing white wedding gown started. The strapless dress had a little less than modest front to show off her ample and deep cleavage. 

"Like it?" She asked as she turned around.

"Uh... er..." I was at a loss for a response. There was no way I wanted to get married.

"Oh, don't worry!" Shannon laughed. "But you should see your face. I was packing boxes and found my old wedding dress and wanted to see if it still fit. That's all. Ha...ha... wish I had a camera."

It was a beautiful dress. All white satin and lace; stitched white beads in the shape of roses decorated the body and down the full length to the floor. It seemed to have kind of a corset with stays stitched into it. The back was laced downwards with a white satin ribbon. The tied bow sat just above her shapely bum. 

"Wow! You do look great in it." I let out a wolf whistle. "How did you do the back lace?"

"There's a side zip." Shannon lifted her left arm and showed me the hidden zipper. "The top is a bit tighter. I think my tits got bigger after the kids."

"Are these the ones?" I asked. There was about a dozen egg carton sized boxes. 

"Yeah, just a few more upstairs." Shannon kissed me on the lips. "Thanks for doing this. I'll finish with the stuff upstairs...Okay?"

"Okay." I picked up the first box to bring out to the car. They weren't too heavy since most of them were clothes. It took a bit of arranging, but I got them in. I closed and locked the door since I really didn't trust anyone around (wasn't the best of neighbourhoods) plus it wasn't my SUV.

"Shannon?" I called out.

"Upstairs." I heard her shout down. "In the bedroom."

I made my way up and found her still dressed in her gown. I kissed her full on the lips; she reciprocated. Her fulsome breasts pressed hard into my chest through the thin tee shirt I wore. I grabbed a handful of her butt and pulled her tight. Then suddenly...

"Oh please no! Don't hurt me! It's my wedding day." She begged. She dropped to her knees in front of me and started to undo my jeans. "No, please I need to be faithful to my future husband."

I was stunned. I had no idea what the heck was going on as she pulled my pants and underwear down. She took a firm grip around my shaft and started to stroke me. "Yes, I have given my finance hand jobs before. I told him that I'm a virgin and wanted to wait until we were married. It was the only way to stop him from any further interactions before our wedding vows."

A bead of clear pre-cum formed from my piss hole. 

"No, I can't. Please don't make me!" Shannon lapped my knob with her tongue. She placed her hands on my hips. "No, I've never done this before. No man has put their cock in my mouth."

Even in my stunned state, her seductive, straight-laced performance had me rock hard. She opened her mouth and enveloped the head. She let out a small stifled scream as if to say it was too much but she pulled me into her until her nose pressed against me. She held me tight against her face as I felt the back of her throat suck at my cock. 

"Oh my gawd, Shannon!" I managed to groan out. 

Shannon let me slide out. My shaft streaked red from her lipstick. "No! Please! I can't!" She took me back into her mouth. Her head was bobbing back and forth. I watched my entire length disappear each time. 

Shannon pushed me backwards a bit. I almost lost my balance since my pants were around my ankles. She rose from the floor. There was terror in her eyes as she glanced towards the bed. "No! No please. I'm promised to my husband to be. Please! Please!"

I kicked off my jeans and underwear as Shannon took my hand. She laid down face first. I didn't need any more guidance. I lifted the back of her wedding gown and flipped it over her back. The white satin garter straps were taut against the backs of her thighs and held up her white opaque stockings. The thin string of her thong ran between her naked butt cheeks would offer no protection. I hooked a finger under and pulled it aside.

"No...no... Please! I'm a virgin! You can't! please!" Shannon cried out. "It for my husband. No...!"

I pushed her bum apart. Her slit was dark pink and wet. Her lips parted and begged for my cock. I was so hard it hurt and had to point it downward towards her hole. I felt her heat as I place my tip against her. 

"No... You're too big! It won't fit! Please!" Shannon pushed her bum back to me. My knob easily popped through. I pulled back slightly. "Oh god! Please!"

Slowly but firmly, I penetrated Shannon's cunt. Amazingly she was really tight even after two kids. I pushed in all the way. Shannon cried out. "Nooo...!"

I slapped her buttocks firmly but no too hard. Her cheek immediately blushed red.

"Yes, you are right." She sobbed. "I am not a virgin. My future husband will not be the first to break my hymen. Please, you cannot tell him. Please I'm begging you."

I pulled out slowly then shoved it back in forcefully. She was so hot, it felt like my cock was on fire.

"Oh gawd! You feel so big! I've never had a cock so huge inside of me." Shannon tried to turn her head to look at me. Her lipstick smeared. Her eyes full of lust. I pushed it in harder. "Five... I've had five other men fuck me but none ever filled me up like you. None had ever fucked me bareback!"

I was pounding her so hard, the bed was moving across the floor. 

"Oh, yes! It feel so good. Fuck me! I don't care about him anymore." Shannon shouted out. "Fuck me... Keep fucking me. Make me your slut! I'm com...ing...!"

My hips slapped against her ass cheeks. I felt a gush of hot liquid against my thighs.

"Oh god! Oh fuck! Oh god! Oh... fuck, YES!" Shannon screamed out. Another gush. And another.

I pulled out and stared at her gaped cunt still begging to be fucked some more. Her body was like a rag doll as I tried to lift her onto the mattress. I raised her ass so she would be on her knees. Her face was buried downwards. I flipped her soiled white gown over her head. As tiny as they were, her g-string was getting in the way. I ripped it off and moved between her legs. My erection pressed along her slit.

"No... Please... No..." Shannon pleaded. "Not again! I can't take it again!"

Shannon moved forward a bit. She took hold of my shaft and placed it against her opening before pushing her ass back into me. I took hold of her hips and used slow hard thrusts. 

"No... Oh god. No..." Shannon moaned. "I can't... I can't be enjoying this so much. Even if I'm your slut for you to use, I still need to marry my fiancé. You make me feel so good... so full... so oooh gaawwd!"

Another hot spray splashed me.

Shannon made me lie on my back. She moved between my knees and looked at me with her big, dark eyes. She lowered her head and licked her juices from my dick. "Mmm... I've never tasted myself from a cock before."

After sucking on me like she was trying to get the last of a milkshake, she allowed me to pop out from her mouth. She gave me a dirty smile. "Oh, no. I've never done anything like that before. It's so dirty!"

I had no idea what she was talking about until... Shannon pushed my knees up and apart. She took both of my balls into her mouth. As she sucked them like a big jaw breaker, I could feel her saliva drip down. I heard her giggle slightly then felt something against my asshole. She made sure both her finger and my hole was well lubricated before I felt the sharpness of her finger nail tickle me; then start to push through.

"Oh God!" I grunted out involuntarily as she finger fuck my ass.

Shannon slowly extracted her finger. She placed her hands behind my knees and pushed even more. She pursed her fat lips together. The tip of her tongue appeared, then more and more became exposed. I didn't realize how long it actually was. She placed her mouth against me and pierced me with her hot, wet oral spear. Her face was hard against me and her nose pressed under my ball sack as her tongue darted in and out of me. 

"My god!" I managed. It was one of the most intense feelings I had ever experienced. I wanted to cum. 

"No! Not yet. I need you inside me again." Shannon stopped suddenly. She release my knees and straddled me. Her cunt was still hot and wet as I slipped inside her easily. Her ass bounced up and down like she was riding a wild bronc. She came again. "Oh fuck! Oh Fuck! Oh FUCK!"

Still inside her, I flipped Shannon onto her back. I needed to cum. 

She wrapped her legs around me. "No! No, please don't come inside me! I know I'm fertile! You'll make me pregnant!"

True or not, I could care be this point and started emptying my biggest load ever. "Uuuh...! Uuuh...! UUUHHH...!

As I humped into her, Shannon thrusted into me. More of her juices sprayed as I dumped my cum deep inside of her until we both collapsed into a hard embrace.

I rolled her back on top of me. I love to feel that loving weight on me after. Shannon kissed me lovingly on the lips and smiled. "Thank you!"

I was confused. "Huh? And what was this about? Not that I'm complaining."

"This was the gown I really got married in. You know, I threw out that the fucking, stupid, no good, dead beat dad, husband of mine. When we were engaged, I really was a virgin. Then I found out that his so called friends took him to a lap dance place for his stag. He took a girl to the back and fucked her. He was also doing his secretary at his office. After I got pregnant the second time, I found out he was also having an affair with his cousin." Shannon started to tear up a bit. "That's when I threw him out! These boxes are some of his shit I am finally getting rid of."

"I'm sorry, Shannon. I didn't know."

"No, I'm sorry I used you for a bit of revenge." Shannon and I snuggled together. "Now I can finally throw out this dress."