 They'd known each other for quite some time now, and there was always a hint of flirtation. Fifteen years her senior, Tom had the good looks and boyish charm and sense of humor that drove Stacey absolutely crazy. She fantasized about him, relishing the day she would be brave enough to make her move on him. Tom, of course, is totally oblivious to the effect he has on Stacey.

Flash forward to today... 

Enduring weeks of torturous flirting and innuendos, Stacey realized she had to make her move... tonight! It was the perfect opportunity, it was just the two of them, working on a project together out of town. They were away from the normal distractions of co-workers and clients, and they were staying in the same hotel. 

She's plotting out her evening when the phone rings in her hotel room.

"Hello?" she answers.

"Hey Stacey, it's Tom. I'm starving -- do you want to go grab something to eat with me?" Tom asked.

I'm starving too -- but it's not for food, thought Stacey. "Sure, dinner sounds good. Give me 10 minutes and I'll be ready." 

"Great, I'll see you then."

Good thing Stacey had been shopping before her trip out of town. She had the perfect outfit to wear to dinner -- a nice halter dress -- not too sexy, but definitely highlighted her DD breasts and her J.Lo ass. She decided to wear her new silky thong tonight -- after all, she knew she was going to get lucky, no matter what!

She spritzed on some perfume, and checked herself in the mirror one last time. Perfect, she thought. He will have a hard time resisting me tonight. She smiled as she thought about what the night had in store her her and Tom... if he only knew...

Tom was whistling as he made his way down the hall to Stacey's room. She'd always been a good friend to him, and he knew that they would have a good time tonight. Then a thought entered his mind: it's been 3 months since he'd gotten laid... I wonder if Stacey will give me a blow job tonight, he thought. He laughed, thinking about how ridiculous he just sounded to himself. Stacey was his friend, nothing more, nothing less... although lately she'd trimmed up her body and was looking more toned... maybe, he thought. The thought was still circling in his mind when he knocked on her door. 

This is it, she thought. Should I strike a sexy "come hither" pose when I open the door, or is that too much? Oh well, let's just see what comes naturally. She slowly opened the door, and the smell of Tom's cologne came rushing towards her. 

Wow, thought Tom. She looks pretty fucking hot tonight! Screw dinner, can I have a serving of THAT please? He immediately shook his head to clear those thoughts. But he couldn't help admitting that the way she looked tonight was definitely turning him on. 

"Are you ready?" he asked nervously.

"Oh, I'm definitely ready -- are you?" she said with a devilish grin. An uneasy grin flashed across Tom's face, followed by a slight blush. 

All through dinner, there was the usual small talk. By the time dessert came, the conversation had started to move in a slightly more "adult" direction. Their conversation became full of sexual innuendos, no doubt spurred along by the alcohol they'd consumed that evening. It was clear to Stacey that Tom was anxious to leave the restaurant. They paid the bill, and made their way back to the elevators to go to their respective rooms. 

There was not another soul in the elevator going up that evening. All was quite -- no words being spoken between the two. "It's now or never," she thought. She slowly inched over towards the buttons and pushed the "Stop" button. No alarm noises -- she knew that from an earlier test (wink wink). 

A confused look fell across Tom's face. "What are you doing?" he asked. 

"Tom, I have wanted you for 4 years, and I've been keeping it all pent up inside of me," she said as she slowly made her way across the elevator towards him. He was breathing harder -- he was either scared or excited. Hopefully excited... "I've learned that if I want something, I have to take it. Well, you're what I want, and I'm taking it right here, right now," she said forcefully.

Tom was backed up against the wall of the elevator. He couldn't believe this was happening to him. Not that he was complaining -- here is this totally hot chick coming on to him in an elevator. Talk about one of your sexual fantasies coming true! 

Stacey pinned Tom's hands up against the wall of the elevator as she looked deep into his eyes. Their lips had no choice but to meet in a passionate, long-overdue kiss. Their tongues playfully danced together, making the mood light and playful. Stacey released the kiss, biting his bottom lip in the process. 

"Oh, you're going to get it now, girl!" Tom said playfully. He gave her a look that told her that she was definitely in for a treat tonight. He pushed her body up against the other wall of the elevator, kissing passionately again. As he kissed her soft mouth, his hands wandered to the back of her neck, where her dress was held up by a single knot. He quickly untied that knot, allowing the front of her dress to fall down, exposing her tan, erect nipples. His mouth worked its way from her mouth, to her neck, then down to her breasts. He sucked and nibbled on the left one, while playing with her right nipple with his other hand, and then switched it up to the other. 

"This is friggin' awesome!" she thought to herself, enjoying each moment with her head back against the wall. Her thoughts were interrupted by a voice over an intercom. 

"Whatever is going on, please be kind enough to take it to your room and not hold up the elevator for other guests," the male voice directed. They had been caught on camera! The elevator started moving again, and quickly they put themselves back together. The doors opened at the 10th floor, their stop. 

He followed her to her room, eagerly anticipating the damage that could be done behind closed doors. She pulled out her key card, inserted it, and opened the door. That was all she wrote -- it was totally on from there!

To be continued...