 I sat there beside him on the couch, knowing I should leave. I'd been there for a half an hour. It was a little tense at first, but he was in a good mood, as usual and we laughed and talked and he had persuaded me to move from the luv-seat to the spot beside him on the couch. I knew I wanted things to be the way they were just months before, but there was no way to go back to that. Everything was different. 

"You should take that sweater off and stay a while," He said as he lifted his bourbon and took a sip. He chased it with a drink of coke, and lifted the glass of bourbon toward me "Have a drink with me?" He offered and I shook my head, smiling politely. I lifted my bottle of water and grinned. He tipped his glass to me and took another sip. 

"Thank you, but no thank you," I said. "I can't stay long." I watched a flicker of panic, then he relaxed. I'd seen that before, I also knew my "I can't stay long" from the past usually ended up with me leaving in the wee hours of the morning, with my panties in my pocket and my bra in my purse. 

"Tell me about that house you were looking at, on Girard?" He asked and put his arm around me. I relaxed into him and spoke freely. I had already told him the basics about the house through texts, but in person, with the scent of him, and the feel of him, and the air about him close to me, I was completely at ease to elaborate. 

We immersed in conversation about this house and the property and his former home, which he lost to foreclosure when he was laid off and behind on child support, and my options to remodel. He made promises to help with this thing or that thing. His first offer was to bring the fence he didn't need from his back yard and get his son to help set posts, so he could put up something for the dogs. I only had one dog. I knew he meant this for him to bring his dogs to my house to visit. 

His eyes softened every time I smiled widely. I saw this almost amazement every now and then where he looked at me like I was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. He seemed to get lost in my eyes just as much as I had been his. He brushed a stray hair from my face and reached to hold my hand that was fidgeting with a button. He started off by lifting that hand to kiss it, then leaned in a little closer. My voice had dropped a few octaves and he had scooted so that our faces were closer together. 

"My God you smell amazing," He said for the third time in an hour and a half. 

"Thank you," I said softly. 

"Your hair has gotten longer," He said and reached to caress it. 

"A little," I said and smiled at him. He melted again and then before I knew it, he was kissing me. I resisted for only a moment and then gave in. His lips were tender; almost timid at first. I knew he was waiting on me to resist, and I did a little at first but he didn't stop. I had tried to pull my head away, but he moved his hand to my cheek and brushed his thumb over my cheekbone. He wrapped his other arm around me and held me close. 

"I have missed you so much," He said softly between kisses. I was breathing heavy. He shifted his weight a little onto me, and I put a hand on his chest in protest. He kissed me deeper and I gave in completely. Before long, he had his hands behind my hips and pulled my body toward him, so that he could lay me back. There were blankets on the end of the sofa, and I was propped up on them. He ground himself against me, kissing me harder now. I tried to push him away. I tried to tell him no, this was too much, but he was overpowering me. I didn't want him to stop at the same time I knew I needed him to. 

"Oh God, baby," He breathed, moving down into my cleavage to kiss and nibble my tender flesh. I had my hands in his hair, pulling and caressing his scalp. 

"I," I breathed "I can't do this," I was fighting now, more against myself than him, as when he claimed my lips again, I let him. 

He reached to pull my shirt up, and I stopped him, he grabbed my breasts through my shirt, and kneaded them. He pinched my hard nipples and ground his cock into my pussy through my pants

"Your pussy is so hot baby," He said into my ear, before sucking the lobe into his mouth. I was scratching down his back within moments and he tried to put a hand down my pants. I pushed it away from the waist and he resumed, over top of my clothes. 

"Please,"I said, meaning to ask him to stop, but not being able to. He knew my body. He knew where to kiss, bite, lick and caress to get exactly where he wanted to be. 

My heart hurt. We had been through so much, and had not overcome it. I couldn't take the risk of letting down my guard for him so easily again. I knew if I went to bed with him, that was exactly what would happen.

"Take this off," He said, lifting at my shirt. 

"No." 

He lifted himself away from me and ripped his shirt off. He tossed it across the room to the recliner and propped himself above me a little. He looked at me, and down the length of me. His eyes stopped on my waist, then moved down. 

His hands reached my hips and he was immediately pulling "Then these have to go," He said, smiling, myscheviously. 

"No way," I said, unable to supress a giggle. I was drunk with lust for him. I suspected the kissing and heavy fondling had been happening for at least thirty minutes, by now and he was still going. He wasn't one to give up. 

He bent to bury his face between my thighs and breathed hot air through the cotton fabric of my pants. He sucked in the scent of me and groaned loudly.

"You at least have to let me eat your pussy, baby?" he pleaded then burrowed his face into my groin again and caressed me through my pants. He continued this for a long while. 

I was paralyzed for a while, and moaning. I was losing my battle of will and he knew it, as he tried again to pull my pants over my hips and almost succeeded. He repositioned himself and started to kiss me deeply and passionately again. He caressed my body and rocked his groin into mine. 

I wrapped my legs around him and he moaned. He started at the bottom of my shirt his time, and had it up over my head. He pulled away to look at and admire my breasts. 

"This is a beautiful bra you're wearing honey," He said softly, bending to pull it away, and take my nipple into his mouth. I inhaled sharply and he nipped at my bud. 

"Oh God, baby," He said and opened his mouth wide to take in a mouthful of my abundant flesh. 

He had one hand on my opposite breast, pulling the bra away to reach my nipple, and the other hand down between my thighs. He worked himself under my pants, and scooted my panties aside at the leg hole. I instinctively opened to him and my head dropped back as his fingers reached into my folds and he found my tender places. My muscles spasm-ed and I cried out. 

He kept massaging my clit, as he went from one nipple to the other. He sucked them into his mouth, rolled his tongue over them and chewed on them both. I didn't notice my hips lifting to his hand, until he was reaching down to move my pants down. By this time, I just wanted him inside of me. 

He seized my mouth again, and kissed me for the longest time, as he circled my clit with his fingers. His passion was breathtaking. He lightly chewed down the length of my neck, and moved his way down to replace his fingers with his tongue. He was a skilled lover. Tender, possessive. He was parallel to what I was familiar with and I loved it. Most other lovers I had beenw ith needed to pound into me, hard and fast to get me off. He had a long, slow stroking motion that brought me quickly to fulfillment and held me there. 

I lifted my hips with the motion of his face. I could feel his stubble on my thighs. I ran my fingers through his hair and found myself tensing up all around him. He lifted and swiftly moved to slide into me. He made eye contact. He had so much love in his expression. So much remorse for all that had happened. There were so many words spoken here; without the need for words at all. 

He stopped before sliding into me and stood up. He reached to pull my bra off,a nd ensured that all of my clothes were together on the floor. He picked them up and lay them on the chair. 

"Let's go to bed baby," He grabbed both of my hands and pulled me to my feet. I smiled and nodded. I was at war inside, as I knew deep down this was a bad decision. 

But I went.