 Erin winced as she dent over to step into her bikini bottoms. It had been a great week skiing, new snow feel every night while the days were clear with bright sunshine. It was like Sun Valley, but better because it was Whistler. It had all been magic, until yesterday when Erin had caught an edge in deep powder, launching herself sideways and into a tree well, ultimately ending with her landing hard right on her ass. 

Fortunately Erin's older brother Ryan had been right behind her and was able to dig her out. On the other hand, unfortunately her brother had been right behind her and saw the whole thing, resulting in heavy teasing and criticizing of her inferior ski skills and sex.

Grabbing a towel from the closet, Erin headed towards the hot tub. Walking through the living room, she paused and looked at the boys. They were all huddled around the TV, totally engrossed in the last five minutes of a football game, except Tyler. Erin watched his eyes roaming over her bikini-clad body, before he noticed she had caught him. Looking each other in the eye now, Erin winked and walked out the back door. Tyler sucked in a breath, trying to shake her off, and turned back to the game.

The other guys had only ever seen Erin as a little sister, they had watched her grow up, seen her at the awkward fazes, but Tyler hadn't. He'd met Ryan their freshman year in college; Erin had been in high school, while too young for him at the time, he defiantly didn't see her as his little sister.

The instant cold of the air hit Erin as she walked outside, sending chills all through her body. Erin ran across the deck and climbed the steps up to the hot tub, quickly pushing the cover back and off. 

Erin's icy toes burned and tingled as they hit the steaming water. Slowly she sunk her body in lower, savoring the feeling of heat rising through her body. Laying back into the corner, Erin closed her eyes and let the heat relax her muscles. When the hot water had done all it could for Erin, she leaned over the side and turned on the jets.

Once more she settled back and closed her eyes while the jets pushed and pulled at her tight back. It didn't take long for Erin to realize that the jets just weren't positioned low enough to hit the spot where she had fallen on her ass. Erin got up and walked across to the whirlpool jet. Half standing out of the water, Erin positioned herself so it blasted the spot right at the top of her ass.

The sound of the backdoor opening jerked Erin out of her trance, her eyes quickly flashed open and up to find Tyler standing there starring at her. Erin's heart started to pound hard; she knew what this must look like. 

"Would you believe me if I said I wasn't trying to get off using the jet?" Erin smiled at him as she stepped away from the jet and sunk back into the water. 

The comment made Tyler smile, convincing him to continue on his way over to the hot tub. "Whatever you say," Tyler said, climbing over the edge and down into the water. 

"I was trying, unsuccessfully, to massage my tailbone. But I just ended up with a lot of water rushing between my legs." Erin came and stood in front of Tyler. Reaching down, she grabbed his hands off his knees and began to run her fingers through his. She looked up from where their hands were joined underwater to search his face. "What I really need is hands. You wouldn't happen to be willing, would you?" 

Tyler cleared his throat and half nodded, he was shocked. He never thought that she would be the one to come onto him. He had been waiting to make his move until she was old enough and now that she was, she beat him to the punch. 

Erin smiled to herself as she turned around. Tucking her legs under her, Erin slid back onto Tyler so she was straddling him in reverse. Erin leaned forward slightly, letting her ass settle into Tyler's lap. Lightly she pressed down, grinding herself into him. Erin's smile widened as she felt Tyler's already hard cock brush back and forth over her ass. 

Done with her teasing for now, Erin let up and pulled her ass slightly out of the water. Bringing her hands to her sides, Erin rolled her bikini bottoms down to the middle of her ass. Erin turned her head to the right so she could partially see Tyler and smiled, encouraging him.

Tyler cleared his throat, partially to break the tension and partially because his throat had gone dry. "Well, I can see why you're so sore; you already have a nice bruise forming at the top of your ass."

Reaching his hands forward, Tyler began to massage right above the crack of Erin's ass. His hands span out to her sides, his thumbs running on either side of her spine, slowly massaging her bruise.

"I guess the good news is you're the only one that'll ever see it," Erin turned and smiled at Tyler again.

Turning back around, Erin looked down in the water to where here hands rested on Tyler's knees. A long clean scar ran over the top of his knee on his otherwise perfect right leg. Slowly Erin traced the scare with her finger. "I'll never forget when you did this. It turned out to be quite the sexy scar."

Something resembling a "ha" was emitted from Tyler. "Sexy, I'm not sure that's what I'd call it."

"I think scars are very sexy. It shows that you've lived, that you're not afraid to take chances and get hurt. Plus they always come with a great story."

Silence hovered between them for a moment and then Erin spoke again. "Would you mind going a littler lower?"

Tyler's eyes widened in recognition, any lower and he'd be rubbing between Erin's cheeks. Sure that Erin knew what she was asking; Tyler moved his hands lower, rubbing them just above the bud of her ass. 

A low moan escaped her lips, "Right there," she said encouragingly. 

Erin waited a few moments to see if Tyler would continue his journey south with out further encouragements. When he failed to make a move, Erin brought her hand back and laid it over the top of his. She guided his fingers down, brushing them past her bud and down to her wet folds.

Once his finger reached her center, Tyler needed no more prompting. Erin removed her hand, letting him continue on his own. Even in the water he could feel how wet she was for him. 

He traced a finger over lips, teasing her with his light touch. Feeling her shudder, Tyler plunged a finger into her dripping cunt. With a painful laziness, he began to plunge his finger in and out of her. Tyler felt her tighten around him and added another finger. 

Erin's stomach sunk with the added fullness. She felt herself getting close and added her own hand to her pleasure. With her finger strumming her clit and his penetrating her she began to loose herself. Erin's breathes got short, her hand tightened on Tyler's knee, her cunt clutched tight around his fingers and she came hard. 

Coming out of her trance, Erin opened her eyes just in time to see the guys walk into the kitchen, takeout bags full of dinner in hand. She pulled herself off of Tyler and turned to face him. Leaning in she trailed a hand down his firm stomach and under the band of his shorts so she could run her fingers over his raging cock. 

Erin licked her lips and then spoke, "I hate to leave you in such a predicament, but the boys are back with dinner." She slide her hand back out of his shorts and then stood up, so that Tyler had a full view of her body passing before him. 

Tyler never took his eyes off Erin's ass as she got out of the tub and grabbed her towel; the material of her bikini clung to it perfectly, hiding nothing. Finally Erin wrapped her towel around her and walked into the house, ending his torture. 

Tyler shook his headed at himself as if trying to wake from a daydream. Looking down at his lap, Tyler groaned; there was no letting his situation resolve itself. Standing, Tyler reached for his towel and hung it around his waist to hide his intense arousal. Clearly unsatisfied by the ending of their confrontation, Tyler headed inside to jack off under a cold shower.

~^~^~^~^~^~

Erin sat on the couch sipping her coffee. She stared outside watching the snowfall in the morning sun. Ryan walked in, dressed in his ski gear. "You sure you don't want to come? It's the last day." "Yeah I'm sure. I'm still really sore from yesterday." Ryan chuckled, picturing Erin's epic crash. "It wasn't funny," Erin glared at him.

Ryan's smile spread across his face, "Yeah it was, you're just pissed it shattered your image of perfection." Ryan walked over to get his skies. "Can you make sure Tyler gets up? He tends to sleep through his alarm." 

Erin nodded at him trying to hide her smile at the thought of all the ways she could wake him.

"Thanks, his shuttle leaves in two hours. Okay we're out of here, see you tonight."

Once Ryan and the guys had left for the slopes, Erin walked backed to her room. She stripped from her pajamas and grabbed her robe off the back of the door. 

Erin crept down the hall to Tyler's room. Praying the door wouldn't creak she slowly grasped the knob and turned. 

She slid into the room and saw that he was still fast asleep. Erin pulled the tie on her robe and let it fall to the floor. She walked over to the bed and stood over him. 

Tyler slept on his back; the covers sat low around waist, revealing his firm chest and abs. Erin reached for the sheet and pulled it back, she smiled when she saw his already hard cock waiting for her. 

Steadily Erin slipped onto the bed reaching a leg over Tyler so she could straddle his thighs. Erin leaned down and licked up from the base of Tyler's cock to the tip. She felt it twitch at her touch and smiled to herself. Peaking her eyes up at Tyler's sleeping face she saw that he was still fast asleep. 

Continuing her mission of a seductive wake up, Erin placed small licks and kisses at the base of his erection as if she were a cat cleaning him. She watched as he continued to twitch and grow harder. 

Tyler stirred, feeling a hot wet mouth licking at his raging hard on. He opened his eyes in recognition and shock, just in time to see Erin swallow his tip and suck hard. Erin and Tyler starred at each other as she relentlessly sucked at him, a slight smile on her face. She took the rest of him in her mouth and started to hum. Tyler groaned deep at the sensation of her hot sucking and vibrating. 

Tasting his precum, Erin slipped him from her mouth and sat up. Tyler moaned at the loss of her mouth. He had been so close to release. Erin only smiled at him knowingly. 

She crawled forward and aligned her dripping center over Tyler. With one hand she guided him inside her. She was tantalizingly slow. Tyler tried to speed things up by pulling down on her hips, but Erin would have none of that. She threw his hands off of her, making it clear that she was running the show. 

Getting the picture, Tyler settled back to enjoy the sight before him. He watched as she proceeded to slide onto him, her hands at her breasts, teasing and pulling at her own nipples. Her head had fallen back slightly, eyes closed in deep satisfaction, while her teeth bit down on her lip. He smiled, knowing the slowness was killing her too. 

With him finally settled deep inside her, Erin brought her hands down to Tyler's chest, lifting herself off him, only to push back onto him. They both groaned their pleasure, as they looked each other in the eye. The look between them was heated, stirring something deep inside both of them. 

Erin closed her eyes, breaking the connection. This was supposed to be fun not serious. Pushing the thoughts of anything more then sex out of her mind, Erin began to ride Tyler hard. 

Tyler's disappointment in the lost moment with Erin was short lived as he felt Erin speed up the pace. She had been teasing him for so long, he wasn't sure he could last much longer.

Erin sensed that Tyler was close and stopped her movements. She sat back with Tyler buried fully inside her and began to stroke her clit. 

Tyler watched in awe as the beautiful women on top of him began to masturbate while he was still inside her. Her moans of pleasure and the tightening of her around him caused him to growl his satisfaction at her. 

Erin's breaths got short and an agonizing scream escaped her lip. She clamped down hard around Tyler and then convulsed. Erin let her head fall to Tyler's stomach as she took a moment to recover. 

Tyler's heart melted when Erin lifted her head off of him revealing the satisfied grin on her face. This woman was going to be the death of him. Further torturing him, Erin slid off of Tyler's erection and kissed her way backwards down his stomach. 

Erin watched Tyler's eyes flash with heat as she took him deep into her mouth again. She licked and sucked at him, cleaning the spicy taste of herself off of him. Feeling Tyler clench and swell inside her mouth, she swallowed his full length and began to suck. Tyler shot his release inside her and groaned with pleasure. 

Erin swallowed everything he gave her and then released him. She continues licking at him, making sure she hadn't missed anything. 

Satisfied, Erin smiled at Tyler's dreamy expression. "In case you hadn't realized, this was your wakeup call. Your shuttle leaves in an hour." 

She crawled up to him and kissed him deeply on the lips. Tyler melted at the sensation of finally tasting her lips. Erin pushed her tongue into his mouth and teasingly stroked him, before breaking the connection.

Erin climbed off of Tyler and grabbed her robe off the floor. She wrapped it around her and walked to the door. Before walking through she paused and turned to Tyler still lying on the bed, processing what had just happened.

"The ball's in your court, if you want this to happen again you'll have to make the next move." Erin smiled at him and then walked away.

Tyler rolled over, groaning at the sweet torture of it all.