 Neither Rhoda nor I are the sort of people who wake in the morning and are immediately bright and raring to go. We both like to wake slowly, to let the day creep up on us as we lie there and gather our thoughts, especially in winter when the sun isn't up yet either. Often we'll quietly discuss what we have in store for that day, or sometimes we'll make gentle love before rising, and I can't think of a better way to begin a new morning.

This particular day I lay there getting myself together and listening to Rhoda softly beginning to stir beside me in the pre-dawn greyness. I wasn't thinking of anything especially, just letting my mind wander over the week in general while I waited for her beautiful brown eyes to come open.

'I just had the most bizarre dream.' Her voice startled me a little as I hadn't realised that she'd actually surfaced. 'I'll have to tell you before it fades, but it really is strange.'

'Oh, good morning Tom, how are you this fine morning?' I said somewhat sarcastically mocking her lack of greeting.

'No, Shut up. I must tell you about this while I can remember, it's so weird.'

'Okay, I'll keep quiet, and I'll collect my good morning kiss later.' My curiosity was beginning to take hold and I turned to look towards her, propping myself on one elbow.

'Well, I don't really know how it started because I can only remember the last part, but for some reason I wanted to join a sort of religious sect.' She stopped and corrected herself. 'Actually, no, not really religious, but sort of pseudo-religious, like a sort of an occult thing. The type of cult that pretends to be a religion with fertility rituals to cover up sex orgies and that kind of stuff, you know?'

I nodded, intrigued now, and she went on.

'Anyway, in order to join know that I had to go through some initiation ceremony or other, and that's where I start to remember it more clearly, because as the first part of that initiation I had to pay homage to their high priest and high priestess.'

'And how were you supposed to do that?' I asked, half knowing what she might say.

She paused and gathered herself as if not sure if she should, or could, tell me.

'I had to go down on them and make them come, both of them.' 

There had been an emphasis on the "both of them" part and she paused again, waiting for my reaction.

'And did you?' I asked, deliberately not reacting. 'In the dream I mean.'

'Yes.'

'I didn't think you'd want to do that with a woman, even in a dream. Are you changing sides' I mocked her gently.

'I'm not turning gay.' She protested. 'And I'd never thought of doing anything like that. But I even liked it - in my dream, that is.'

I leaned out to switch on the bedside light, then hooked my arm over her shoulder and pulled her close so that we lay cuddling side by side in the soft glow. Neither of us wear anything in bed and she felt lovely, her skin soft and warm against mine. 

'You'd better tell me everything then, before I think you are.' 

I'd always had a bit of a hankering to see her with another woman. In fact, to be honest, I rather liked the idea of seeing her with another man too, as long as I got to fuck another woman as well. It was nothing major, just a vague urge, one of those strange ideas that go through your mind sometimes. I'd never admitted to Rhoda that I had the slightest wish to go wife swapping, mainly because I truly believed that even broaching the subject would be as good as signing divorce papers and I had no wish to lose the woman I genuinely loved. This was the first time that she'd ever expressed any kind of fantasy about being with someone else, so it was a bit of a surprise, and I got the distinct impression too, for no reason that I could discern, that she really wanted to tell me about it and that she'd get a kick out of doing so. 

She glanced across at me then stared at the ceiling again, gathering her thoughts.

'Well, you've got to imagine a big room, like a sort of meeting place, with rows of seats facing a raised dais at one end with two throne like chairs on it and a kind of long table to one side. All the members of this cult were sitting looking towards the dais, and I was standing on it with the two leaders, a man and a woman.'

She paused and glanced sideways at me. 'Are you sure you want me to tell you this, because it gets a bit...' She let her voice tail away. 

'No problem.' I told her. 'It's only a dream after all.'

'I know, but I don't want you to get jealous, or to think poorly of me.' She reached up and squeezed the hand I'd draped over her shoulder. 'But I'd like to tell you. After all, you're my husband and you should know my innermost secrets, even the ones I dream about.'

I wouldn't have put it quite like that, but I think I understood. In any case I wanted to know just how dirty minded my wife of eight years could get. 'I won't get jealous, I promise. But don't hold back, I want all the gory details.'

'I won't miss anything out, I promise.' She smiled. 'Well, for one thing both the man and the woman were both gorgeous looking. I mean, he was tall and handsome and what a body, and as for her, well, you'd climb over me to get to her any day.' 

I opened my mouth to protest but she held a hand up to stop me and went on, speaking just loud enough for me to hear.

'Anyway, they did look good, quite impressive really. They were both wearing white silk robes edged in gold, a bit like a boxer's dressing gown, you know, held together with a sort of gold cord. The congregation, I suppose that's what you'd call the people sitting watching, all had white with red edging, and I had a plain white one on. 

The high priest asked me if I was ready and willing to initiated, and as soon as I said yes he stepped forward, pulled my belt undone and slid my robe off, leaving me standing stark naked in front of them all. It's funny but I didn't feel the slightest bit embarrassed at all these people looking at me. Then both he and his priestess undid their belts and sat on their thrones, throwing the robes wide open. God, they did look sexy, both of them. They were both fit and toned. She was shaved down there and he had the biggest bloody hard on I've ever seen. He pointed to it as if I hadn't seen it and then said "you may begin."'

I was watching my wife's face as she spoke and I could see her eyes were shining with lust. I have to admit that I didn't mind that, in fact my own cock was stirring at the thought of Rhoda eyeing this dream man's erection up. I also wanted to know how she felt about having another man's cock in her mouth, so I kept quiet and let her continue.

'I'm not sure if I'd been told what was wanted at that point, but it was pretty obvious in any case, so I just knelt in front of him, reached out to get a hold of his hard cock and then closed my mouth over it. My God, Tom, it was big, just the head seemed to fill my mouth without me taking any of the shaft in. It felt hot too. I know a cock feels warm when it's hard because of all the blood going through it, yours does anyway, but this felt a lot warmer than usual and that made it all the sexier. I have to admit that I couldn't slide my mouth right up and down on it, there was just too much of it, but I did manage to take some, and I stroked him with my hand as well so that all of it was being well milked one way or the other. And he must have liked it, because he just settled back in his seat and groaned, letting me get on with it.'

She giggled self-consciously for a moment at this point, her eyes flashing across to mine to seek reassurance. I smiled back at her and waited.

'I knew all the others were watching and I wanted to put on a good show, and so I wanked and sucked him as hard as I could. It didn't take long. You know what it's like with dreams, you think something and it happens straight away? Well it seemed that no sooner had I started than he was pushing up with his hips, trying to fuck my mouth, and gripping hard onto the arms of his throne. I couldn't see his face, but I just knew that his eyes were closed and he was grimacing, ready to come. 

I'll tell you what, when he came, he sure came. He absolutely flooded my mouth. I could hardly keep up with it. It wasn't a case of swallow if I wanted to; I had to swallow it just to make room in my mouth for the next spurt. It tasted good though. I thought it might be nasty, but it was lovely and I wanted more.

Then when he was done and I'd swallowed all he had, he patted me on the head and slumped back, pulling his cock - which was getting soft now in any case - out of my mouth. Can you stop that?'

What she was saying was getting to me and I'd reached across to cup her breast, knowing from the hardness of her nipple that it was turning her on too.

'I thought you might like me to do that.' I told her, talking softly into her ear. 'I mean, whilst I'm doing that you know I'm not worried by what you're telling me -and I know you like it.'

'That's not the point, it's distracting me.' She wriggled a little closer. 'Oh, never mind. Do you want me to go on?'

'Yes please, I want to hear how you got on with the priestess.' I squeezed her breast gently, trapping her erect little nipple between my fingers.

'Yes, I thought you would.' She placed her hand over mine and then paused and collected her thoughts for a moment like before.

'It was easier going down on her than I would have expected. I mean, I know it was a dream and all that, but you wouldn't expect me to enjoy doing anything with my own sex, would you?'

She paused, but before I could tell her my opinion she went on. 

'But it was quite nice, actually. I've never thought of doing it in real life, and of course I'm married and so I never could, but after dreaming about it I'd find it less off-putting to do than before, if that makes sense?'

'Yes, it makes sense. I'm not sure how I'd feel about it, but I understand.' 

I might not have been sure, but my cock was dead certain. He'd love to see it. Her hand slipped from over mine and found its way down to wrap around my shaft as if checking me out.

'Mmmm.' Rhoda murmured as I squeezed her nipple. 'Why is it men always find the idea of lesbian sex such a turn on?'

'I didn't know we did,' I replied innocently.

'Well, you do.' She stated, giving my cock a gentle squeeze.

'Maybe.' I concurred, then tried to steer her thoughts back to where I wanted them. 'So feed my fantasy and tell me all about the priestess.'

'Okay. Well, when I'd finished with him and I was kind of kneeling back on my haunches licking the last bit of his cum from my lips, and looking like the cat that had got the cream - which I had in a way - he stood up and raised me to my feet, turned me around to face the congregation, and asked if them if I had performed well enough. They shouted that I had and so he turned me then to face the priestess who was still sitting with her robe and legs wide open. "You may proceed to the second stage" he told me, making it very obvious what I was supposed to do by pointing.

Like I said, I'd never done anything like that before even in my dreams, but I wasn't worried about it, you know, I didn't feel repelled or disgusted or anything. I just wondered what a woman would taste like.'

'And what does a woman taste like.' I asked, noticing that her breathing had deepened as she had told her tale.

'You should know.'

'I do, but I want to know what you thought of it.' I pulled gently at her nipple, making her moan softly. 'So, what happened?'

'I knelt down in front of her.' She began 'I was very aware this time that all the others were watching and I was extra feeling excited because they were. Then I pushed her legs wider open, as wide as they would go, and just stared at her pussy. It was shaved smooth, with neat labia and a fairly obvious clitoris that was hard and peeping out from under its hood. Oh, and her hole was shiny wet and open so that I could see right inside her.' She broke off and looked at me. 'Have I imagined it right? Is that what I look like when I'm all hot and bothered?'

'Pretty much.' I told her. 'Except that yours is more beautiful.'

'Flattery will get you anywhere.'

'Including into that beautiful hole?'

'I hope you mean mine.'

'I do unless it's full of your dream man's cock. But if it is I'll make do with his priestess's.'

A giggle and a quick dig in the ribs told me she wasn't annoyed but not to pursue that particular line. 'Now, do you want me to go on or not?'

'Please.' I told her. 'I still want to know exactly what you did and if you enjoyed it.'

'I'll answer the second bit first. Yes, I enjoyed it a lot.' She looked across at me. 'There, that's shocked you hasn't it?'

'No. It was in a dream.' I reminded her. 'Anything goes in a dream.'

'True.' She conceded, before continuing. 'So, I knelt looking at her pussy for a short time and then I leaned forward with my tongue out, until the tip of it just touched her. I wasn't used to it so I wasn't quite sure where I'd landed, so I sort of licked up and down a bit to feel where I was. That's how I found I was actually licking her clit. A bull's-eye first time.

Even in my dream I wanted to know what she tasted like, so I trailed the tip of my tongue down until I found the entrance to her hole, and then I just pushed my tongue in as far as it would go. She tasted nice, really nice. I can't describe it, but it's a lovely taste. I've only ever tasted my own, so I hope I dreamed it right, but it was gorgeous and I wanted more of it. I wriggled my tongue around inside her, lapping up her juices, until she grabbed my hair and pulled me back up to her clit, making me lap at that instead.

It was obvious from her movements that she wanted me to lick her button, but I wanted to lick her hole, and so we came to a mutual unspoken compromise, and I licked her entire slit, from one end to the other, going from her clit down to her hole and then back again. In the dream that worked fine, I enjoyed it and she enjoyed it, though I'm not sure if I could do it for real. Even if I wasn't married.'

She added that last rather hastily and shot me a quick glance to check my reaction.

'There are a lot of things we do in dreams that we're not allowed to do in real life.' I reassured her. 'And I like you having naughty dreams.'

'This dream got a bit more than just naughty.'

'That's okay, dreamland is the one place where you can try anything you want to. And don't worry about telling me, because it's turning me on hearing about it. I just wish I could have been in your dream and watched you do it.'

She turned her head to look at me, frowning slightly. 'You'd like to see me suck another man off and then go down on another woman?'

I could sense a potential overlap into real life there, but I ignored the risk of a sticky situation, knowing that I could easily retreat into dreamland again if I needed to. I was still playing with her nipple so I gave it a quick tug, just to lighten her train of thought a little.

'Any man who says he wouldn't like to see his wife going down on another woman is a liar. You said it yourself, men like the idea of lesbian sex.' I told her.

'True.' She acknowledged, giving my cock a retaliatory squeeze. 'But I'm not sure what you'd do if you saw the next part, even in a dream.'

'Tell me then.'

'Okay. You can guess that it didn't take her long to climax, wrapping her thighs around my neck and pulling me into her pussy so that I ended up with my face covered in her wetness. I think I dreamt that she shouted out, but with her legs as earmuffs I can't be sure. But whatever, the congregation gave it the thumbs up and I was told I could go on to the next part. I can also remember wondering how many parts there were.'

'And how many were there?'

'Only one more.'

I felt her thigh push sideways against mine as if she was opening her legs and her hand released my cock and moved away. I didn't mind because I had a good idea where it had moved to.

'The high priest then told me to lie along the table, so I clambered onto the hard wood top and lay on my back wondering a bit anxiously what was going to happen. I mean, for all I knew they might want to cut my nipples off. But then he stood up, shrugged his robe off and walked across with his massive erection back again. Then I knew what was going to happen, he was going to fuck me bareback and shoot his load into me. I know that a man wouldn't normally be back to full strength quite that quickly after being sucked off, but it was a dream and in the dream he was.' 

She stopped. 'Do you really want to hear about me being fucked by someone else?'

'Yes.' I couldn't keep the excitement out of my voice and I could tell she had heard it by the way she smiled sexily up at the ceiling.

'Do what I'm doing then.' She told me.

'What are you doing?' I asked, pretending innocence.

'You know.'

I did know, and my hand went down to my rock hard cock. I began to wank myself slowly and gently, not wanting to come before she finished.

'As soon as I knew what he wanted.' She began again. 'I shuffled myself along the table until my bottom was on the edge and then I spread my legs and pulled them right back ready for him. He stopped in front of me and stared at my pussy just like I'd stared at the high priestess before. Then he moved forward and guided his cock to my hole. It was big, but I was so bloody hot and so bloody wet that it slid straight in, all the way. For a moment he just stood there, looking down at my body and at my pussy with his cock buried in it, and then he put his hands on my knees to hold them back and started to thrust. He was relentless, battering at me with long hard thrusts as if he couldn't get far enough in, even though he was balls deep inside me. I loved it, as soon as he started I knew I was going to come and I had my first climax within a minute. That one sort of took the edge off and I just let it happen from then on, turning my head to the side as he fucked me so that I could see what our audience thought. They must have approved because I could see several women with fingers busy under the robes and more than a few men with their cocks out wanking like mad.'

'I can understand why.' I told her breathlessly.

'You're enjoying hearing about me fucking another man?' She asked in mock disbelief.

I threw the duvet off and revealed my hand working at my cock, showing her just how hard it was and inadvertently exposing her own busy fingers at the same time.

'What do you think?' I asked her, indicating my hand with my eyes. 'And it isn't exactly leaving you cold, is it?'

She looked down at her hand still rubbing at her clit and blushed. 'No, sorry, I'm as horny as hell. Don't be mad at me, will you?'

'How can I be mad at you without being mad at myself for feeling the same?' I asked her. 'Keep talking, I want to know what it felt like when he came, and keep playing with yourself, I want to see you come as well.'

'It's only a dream you know?' She reminded me worriedly. 'I didn't actually do it.'

'I know.' I responded. 'Don't worry, I'm not getting envious.'

'And you don't mind that I'm turned on by it?' She needed my reassurance.

'No, because so am I. I just wish I'd been there.'

She didn't even pause from her masturbating as she asked. 'What, to watch me being fucked?'

'Yes.'

'I hope you just mean in a dream.'

'So do I.' 

She looked at me, surprised at what I'd said, but not half as surprised as I was. 

The implications didn't seem to worry her, because rather than being put off what she was doing by my remark, her fingers began to fly faster and faster cross her pussy until she was lifting her bottom from the bed, her limbs going taut and her face screwing up as she got closer and closer to coming. I stopped playing and just watched. Seeing her bring herself off like that always looks absolutely amazing as far as I'm concerned. I just love it. 
