 Your breath is hot against the back of my neck. Soft moans escape your lips as you breathe in the hint of my perfume and the sweat that we generated the previous night. You try to just nestle yourself behind me without wanting to wake me just yet. I hear you whisper to yourself how fucking hot you think I am laying there next to you, totally naked and exposed. You lean in and softly kiss one of my sensitive areas...right where my neck and shoulder meet. Unbeknownst to myself, I let out a soft, sensuous moan of approval, all while pushing my ass back towards you in search of your warm body. 

You now have taken your fingertips and are running them ever-so-lightly across the soft skin of my curvy sides. This makes me breathe in sharply, as I am extremely ticklish (in an arousing sort of way). Your fingers make small circles around my belly button...trailing them back up to just underneath my breasts....over my arm...across my shoulder blade...then straight down my spine, stopping as you reach the small of my back.

Lazily, I start to open my eyes, smiling that sly little smile that lets you know I want more from you. You softly whisper "Good morning, beautiful. I've been waiting for you to wake up." 

You roll me over onto my back, sliding your legs in between mine, slowly separating them to allow yourself to lay on top of me. Your cock is hard and pressed against my inner thigh. My body trembles under you as the anticipation of finally having you inside me grows more intense. Much to your delight, you feel me wiggle under you, trying desperately to maneuver in a way that will force your cock to just touch my aching pussy. My clit is hard. It is straining to brush against you in any kind of way. Fuck! You drive me soooo insane. You take great pleasure in torturing me. Making me tell you what it is I want you to do to me. You laugh that devilish fucking little laugh you have when you think I will get all shy and not tell you what I want. 

Well motherfucker...today is NOT that day! I've had enough of you laughing at me. It's time you were taught a lesson! Sooo, what is it that I want? Hmmm...you asked for it!

Put your fucking face between my creamy thighs. Stick out that fat wide tongue that you claim to use so well. (Yes, I'm doubting your abilities....prove me wrong) Separate my pussy lips and slide it deep inside me. Fuck me with it. Damn. Is that ALL you got?? You little bitch. It shouldn't take much effort to get me to cream all over your fucking face since you already have me so fucking hot. What the fuck is your problem?! Does my little cocksucker need some pussy-eating instructions? Maybe I'll have more success if I do it myself! 

Roughly you grab my thighs and start pushing your face deeper into my soaking wet snatch, making me fuck your entire face. Even though I am loving this, I refuse to let you know that I am. I play it off as though you're not effecting me at all. However, the juices that are flowing from my greedy cunt are telling you a different story. 

When you feel I've had enough of that, your mouth totally envelopes my hard love button, and my swollen pussy lips. Your tongue remains plunged deep inside my womanhood. You fucking dirty bastard! I soooo fucking love it when you eat me like this! (And your bitch ass knows it!) Just before I am about to explode on your face, you stop! Oh HELL no! 

This infuriates me beyond measure. You look up from between my thighs and say "So, do you still think your little cocksucker needs some pussy-eating instructions?" 

The look on my face alone tells you what a son-of-a-bitch I think you are. But just to be sure you are clear of what I am feeling...I smack your face. Not too hard, but enough to knock the cockiness out of your tone of voice. You look stunned. What's the matter? Didn't think I had it in me, did ya? You realize at this point the monster you have created.

Yeah, at this point we are both so fucking ready to explode. I don't even want to suck your delicious cock. I just want to fuck it! Insanely hard. 

Sensing the raw pure animalistic need to have one another, you grab my arm pulling me so that I am sitting upright on the bed. Taking a handful of my hair, you pull me to my feet on the floor. Putting your face within an inch of mine. We both can feel each others heartbeat, we are so fucking turned on.

Then, in a nasty, dirty, lustful tone you say to me, "Don't you EVER fucking smack me in the face like that again bitch. Understand?" 

I just roll my eyes at you as I say, "Uh huh...whatever asshole!" 

"Asshole??," you snarl back at me.

"Yep motherfucker, that's what I fucking said. What of it?"

This only fueled your rage to have me that much more. You know I love pushing your buttons.. After all, I do it sooo well. This time we want each other with the same ferocity.

In one fluid motion, you bend down to grab a hold of my ass cheeks, lifting me up off the floor, spinning around and pinning me up against the bedroom wall. HARD! You about knock the wind out of me, but I don't fucking care. (I've always told you that when you think you're doing it hard, do it harder, right?) Your hard cock needs no guidance as it roughly penetrates my pussy hole. Damn you motherfucker! Every time you ram in to me I feel as though my breath is being taken away by your brute force. I fucking love it! My arms are wrapped around your head, my legs have you in a scissor-hold around your waist. I am totally at your mercy. 

I swear you are trying to put me through the wall, you are fucking me so hard. You are relentless in your attack on my pussy. That's it you cocksucking son-of-a-bitch....fuuuuuck meeeee!! 

My body starts to shake violently against you. Your mouth bites my neck...your right hand is tangled in my long hair, your left hand is holding my ass as your cock sinks even further in to me...bringing me to the most glorious orgasm of my life! My cum covers your cock, balls and runs down your thighs. You sure know what it takes to fuck this dirty little girl. I am yours...and yours only...as you have proved so many times before. Please never stop...