 Jen sat in her seat in the movie theater, obviously pissed off. She was frustrated because all day long she had walked around the mall, and all day long guys from the nearby military base had been hitting on her. You couldn't really blame them, but she didn't care. She was tired of it. I just hope that no army guys try to sit next to me in here, she thought, that's just gonna fuck up the movie.

Out of everything in the entire world, the one thing that bothered Jen was soldiers hitting on her. There was a military base not far from where she lived, and she hated it. All branches of the military seemed to live on that base. She had always supposed that it was because there were several ports near by that were in use by the Marines and the Navy, but she had never really done any research on it. She really couldn't be bothered with it. It wasn't the Marines or the Navy guys that bothered her, it was the stupid fucking Army guys.

Jen didn't look like any of the other girls around here, it was true, but she didn't consider that an excuse for every dumbass boy to hit on her. She had long, auburn hair, and almond-shaped eyes that were both brown and green at the same time. She was naturally pale all year round and seemed to be the perfect height. Every guy in town it seemed had called her hot about fifty times, but that just wasn't what she was looking to be called. She wanted what every girl wants, she wanted a guy to walk straight up to her, look her in the eye, and tell her she was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. 

I wonder why the marines and navy seals from the base are never down here, but the army guys practically live down here, she thought while watching a preview for some stupid looking action movie. That thought seemed to pop into her head just about every time she came down here, in fact. It was starting to bother her. Just as Jen got deeply into thought, she felt someone sit down next to her. He was a tall, muscular man with short brown hair and handsome, masculine features. She looked at him and nearly melted.

He didn't seem to be a soldier out of uniform, because usually they traveled in packs, but he gave off a weird military vibe. Despite the fact that he was probably the hottest guy she had ever seen, Jen decided to turn her attention on the movie that was starting. He'd probably just end up being another jerk off anyways.

The movie was half of the way over, and Jen had successfully ignored this guy, and then it happened, the main characters started to have sex. Jen blushed. She hadn't known that there were sex scenes in this movie, or she would have gone to see something else. Jen wasn't a prude, she was far from that, but being so close to such an attractive guy during a sex scene wasn't exactly comfortable for her. Every time the screen flashed to a picture of the leading man's washboard abs, she couldn't help but look at the stomach of the guy sitting beside her. Every time she looked, she felt her panties get wetter.

Soon the sex scene ended, thank god. Jen felt herself calming down, and just hoped that he hadn't noticed her staring at him. She was so embarrassed that she even sunk down in her seat a little bit. Ya stupid nympho, she thought to herself, that's the only guy in the entire mall who hasn't hit on you yet, and for some reason he's the only one you're attracted to. Dumbass.

It couldn't have been more than fifteen minutes since the last dirty scene when the next one started. Jen blushed again, but promised herself that she wouldn't stare at this guy. Jen didn't stare at the guy next to her, but she did get a little too into the sex scenes again. She discreetly slipped a hand under her short skirt to feel how wet she was. Her panties were soaking with her juices to the point that they were useless. Oh well, she thought, I'll just go to the bathroom and take care of myself after the movie's over.

This sex scene was even longer than the last one, and it felt like torture. Jen got so into watching it that she didn't feel it when a large, calloused hand started to rub her thigh. She snapped back to reality as she felt the hand push up the hem of her skirt. For a moment she panicked. Jen was a promiscuous girl, but she didn't even know this guy's name. She was so horny though, that it didn't even matter to her after that one moment of panic.

She slowly looked over to her left to see if he was looking at her, but he was just staring at the screen as his hand crept towards her soaking thong. She settled down a little farther into her seat and decided to enjoy this. He slipped his hand between her soaking thong and her smoothly shaven cunt. He felt his cock twitch as his fingers caressed her smooth, silky wetness. He had known since he walked into the theater and saw her sitting alone that he had to have her. This girl was too beautiful to let slip through his fingers.

As his fingers circled her clit, she let out a low moan. She didn't really care who was watching them now. She needed release, and this amazing man was about to give it to her. He started to rub her clit in small, slow circles. She felt her nipples strain even harder against the thin material of her tight tank top. He started to circle her clit faster, and she bucked her hips up against his arm. She slouched to the side, against his large, muscular arm. Either he was just amazing at this, or she was inhumanly horny.

His finger started to press against her clit harder. She was about to cum and he could tell from the way she was arching her back against her chair and flexing her thigh muscles. He went just a little faster and as he felt her hit her climax he leaned over and kissed her, hard. Her moan rolled her his tongue as she bucked on his hand, wildly. Her hot, sweet juices poured out of her tight pussy all over his hand and the back of her skirt.

Jen pulled his hand out from under her skirt, and kept kissing him. She entangled her hands in his hair as he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her up over the armrest and onto his lap. Jen pulled her lips away from his, reluctantly.

"That was ... wow," she said, looking up into his eyes.

"I'll take that as a compliment," he smiled.

"Definitely," she beamed, "so why me out of every girl in the theater?"

He looked into her eyes and smiled at her, a huge grin.

"You are the most beautiful girl I've ever seen," he said.

Jen could feel herself blushing. She had always wanted to hear that from a guy. She still didn't even know this guy's name, yet he was making her feel like the queen of the world. It made her feel crazy.

"You know," she said, "I don't really know you, but I think I love you."

"I'm Jesse," he told her, "and I've loved you since I walked in."

She felt herself blush even more, if that was even possible. It seemed to be a million degrees in this theater now. The movie was about to end, and she was no where near ready to part ways with this man.

"Jesse, I'm Jen, and I don't wanna leave you yet."

"Do you really think I'm going to just stop talking to you after the movie is over, Jen?"

"I dunno, I know guys that would," she mumbled.

"Well, I'm not one of them, and after this movie I plan on taking you somewhere really great, okay babe? There's no way I'd do that to a girl like you."

"Okay," she agreed, and snuggled up against him. She couldn't wait until the movie was over.