 I'm Kirsten. A 27 year old, 5'2", 125 pounds, redhead. My skin is pretty fair, and I have a splash of freckles across my face. My body is generally athletic and pretty well toned. I have recently gotten back into the groove of exploring my sexual boundaries after moving to a new town.

Following my decision to turn off the road I had been traveling with a dom I met on Craigslist, I decided that I just needed to find a friend with benefits. Someone like the guy I had hooked up with in the past. Someone who wasn't going to push for "something more", but who would like to go along for the ride whenever I got the itch.

Finding the right guy proved to be a lot more difficult than I had imagined. My previous FWB had just sort of fallen into my life without any effort on my part. I turned to Craigslist as a starting point, but that was a total disaster. I was flooded with so many responses from so many shaky characters I thought my email was going to explode. I'm not being vain, it's just that A LOT of guys are looking to get laid. 

I shut down the ad, and began the process of going through the emails. It was easy to delete the dick pics, and the one line "Hi. I'll fuck you" responses. I did set aside about ten replies that looked promising; however, several of those were all talk, and several others were assholes when I didn't want to meet right away and spread my legs.

Frustrated, I simply gave up for a while, checking out new postings from time to time in the hopes that something more promising would catch my eye. 

About a week after I had taken down my ad I met someone. 

I was browsing at the bookstore, just killing time on a boring rainy Saturday afternoon. The store had a special end of row display with books in the 50 Shades of Gray mold. I confess I never made it through the trilogy. Not because of the subject matter; it just really didn't hold my interest across three books. Still, I stopped to see what the others books were about, and I was leafing through one of them when, out of the corner of my eye, I noticed someone looking at me. I glanced up to see this nice looking guy pretending to look at the shelf in front of him while NOT looking at me. 

I blushed as I turned back to the book in my hand, and then I REALLY blushed when my eyes fell on a passage involving a woman tied down on a table while several guys in evening dress felt her up. Embarrassed, I looked up again, and the guy was now obviously looking my way. He wasn't staring, but he was definitely checking me out, and he was clearly amused.

I bit my lip, looked away, and started to put the book back on the stack.

"Interesting reading?" 

I almost jumped out of my skin at the sound of his voice. It doesn't take a whole lot to get me wired, and the passage I had been scanning had definitely started to get my juices flowing.

I looked up into a really, really nice smile.

"Um...kinda...I guess...if you're into that kind of thing..." I stammered. I felt a blush race over my cheeks, down my neck, over my chest, across my thighs, down the crease of my ass. Damn pale skin.

"I didn't mean to interrupt your reading then." He teased. "I'm Trevor."

I took his offered hand, "Kirsten."

"Nice to meet you Kirsten. Well, I'll let you get back to your browsing." Trevor grinned at me, then began to turn away.

I blushed again looking at the book I still held in my hand. I glanced up at Trevor's back before deciding to take a leap of faith. "Um. Trevor?"

He stopped and looked back at me as I put the book down. 

"Could I buy you a cup of coffee...or something...?" I bit my lip and looked at him hesitantly.

Over an hour later we were still sitting in the bookstore cafe chatting about nothing. He was a construction foreman working on a renovation at a local hospital. Trevor was single, easy to talk to, easy to look at, and he seemed to enjoy my company. 

Glancing at my watch, I realized I needed to leaving to get to a hair appointment. 

"This was great Trevor." I bit my lip and tucked a stray lock of hair behind my ear. "Um. Maybe if you're interested in doing this again...or..."

Trevor seemed to hesitate, and I thought that maybe I had really misread something along the way. "Kirsten..."

"Hey. No problem. Not a big deal." I started to back the whole thing down.

"No. Hold on. It's just that I am not really looking into dating right now. Just not a relationship kind of guy at this point. So I don't want to give you any wrong ideas." He pleaded.

The breath I had been holding burst out of my mouth as I laughed. Trevor looked confused, so I took pity and explained.

"Trevor. Right now, I'm not a relationship kind of girl. But..." I looked straight into his eyes. "It would be fun to have a friend to do stuff with, and maybe have some fun..."

The color rose in his cheeks as he just nodded. I wrote down my cell phone number and pushed it across the table at him. "If you are interested. Maybe we could hook up again?"

We said goodbye, and when I walked away, I thought I could see a slight bulge in his jeans. 

I got a text from Trevor the next day. 

:Hey Kirsten. It's Trevor. Interested in a pizza/gaming night?

I blushed slightly considering the possibilities as I responded.

:If you really want to get your ass kicked, I'm in! What time?

I hit send and held my breath. He responded in seconds.

:How about 7:00? And we'll see whose ass gets kicked!

The rest of the afternoon was torture. I rushed out early so I could shower and change. I trimmed up nicely down below, and I picked out a nice light summer dress to wear. Deciding against wearing a bra, I did settle on a black thong. I twirled in front of the mirror, liking the simple yet flirty look I had going. 

He answered the door before the first knock was even done echoing in his apartment. 

"Hey! You look great, come on in. I got Madden fired up and waiting." He words tumbled out of his mouth in a rush as I grinned to myself. He was nervous and eager, and I was horny. Good combination so far.

We engaged in some small talk as he led the way to his living room. A VERY large big screen hung on the wall, and game controllers sat waiting on a glass coffee table.

I tossed my purse on the coffee table and kicked off my sandals before curling my legs up underneath me on the soft cushions. 

"Are you sure you're ready?" I teased.

He returned my smile as he handed me controller. "Game on."

A short time later, he was down 21 points, and I was driving for another score when the time ran down.

He leaned back on the sofa and groaned. "What the fuck. Are you a hustler or what?"

I leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. "Rematch or are you tired of being schooled?"

"Pizza first?" His eyes roamed over my body before looking back into mine. "Then a re-match. That is if you aren't afraid."

I arched an eyebrow and gave him a playful smirk. "You're on."

When the knock at the door came, Trevor and I were into our third game of a best of three match. He had barely beat me the second time, and he gloated without mercy. So we decided on a tie breaker.

He hit pause and started to get up, but I stopped him with a hand on his knee.

"I'll get it." I gave him my best wicked, sexy grin. 

I stood up and took a couple steps toward the door before reaching down and grabbing the bottom of my dress. His mouth dropped open and he stared at me as I pulled my dress over my head, tossing it over the arm of a chair.

Looking back over my shoulder at him, I bit at my lower lip and smiled. "Pizza challenge right?"

His eyes were bulging out of his head as I walked to the door. 

Before I made it to the door, he managed to speak. "Um Kirsten...I'm not sure you should..."

I just ignored him and flung the door wide open to find a startled young woman holding our pizza. Her mouth just gaped open for a second before she got herself under control.

"Um, $17.85." The poor girl managed to stammer while trying hard not to stare at my nearly naked body.

My face was beet red along with just about everything else on display. I practically threw $25 at her, muttering "Keep the change" before I quickly slammed the door shut.

Trevor was holding his sides he was laughing so hard as I walked back into the room. I threw the pizza on the table as he struggled to catch his breath.

Through bursts of laughter, he managed to gasp. "Oh god...poor Connie...you've probably scarred her for life..."

I just stood there scowling with a hand on my cocked hip. "Thanks. You might have told me you had a regular delivery GIRL!"

Trevor burst into another fit of laughter. "...I tried...but you...you...oh god...that was classic..."

I plopped down on the sofa with my hands crossed over my chest as I grumbled. "Glad to be of service."

Pretending to be angry, I glanced over at Trevor who had finally managing to stop laughing. However, he was staring at me with this amused look on his face.

"What?" I hissed.

"...Do I need to turn up the heat or are you just that turned on..." He managed to ask before erupting into another fit of laughter.

I looked down at my rock hard nipples.

"Fuck you." I muttered reaching over to grab a slice of pizza.

My fake indignation did not last long. In a few minutes, we were both laughing at the situation, chowing down on the pizza, and back deep into our game.

I scored with almost no time left to take the best of three, and Trevor slumped back on the couch.

"No fair, I was distracted!!" He whined.

"Poor baby..." I purred as I slid my thong off and tossed it aside. "Maybe I can make it up to you".

Leaning back on the sofa, I spread my legs wide as I started to caress my tits. He was practically drooling as I trailed my right hand lightly down my smooth, bare stomach before burying it between my legs.

My fingers spread my pussy lips apart, circling around the dripping wet opening.

I bit my lip as I turned my head and stared into Trevor's eyes. I moaned softly as I brushed my fingers lightly across my stiff, swollen clit. 

"Care to join me?" I whispered breathlessly.

His eyes were glazed over with lust as he knelt on the floor between my spread legs. My whole body shivered involuntarily when his rough, wet tongue ran up the inside of my naked thigh. Sighing deeply as his wet tongue circled my aching clit, I soon moaned with pleasure as he slid the very tip of his tongue across my sensitive nub.

His hands moved up along the side of my naked body leaving trails of goosebumps before sliding over to cup my tits. I arched my back, pressing my tits firmly into his warm hands as he pinched tender nipples between his fingers.

"Oh god Trevor..." I groaned as he began to tongue my clit. 

My body jerked and quivered with each stroke, and I reached out to grab his head as I felt my orgasm building.

He clearly knew what he was doing, and he kept me hanging on the edge forever. He would slowly bring me to the brink only to back off as I moaned in frustration. I tried to pull his head tighter to my pussy, but he managed to hold off my efforts.

I was out of my mind, and I began to beg and plead with him to let me cum. 

Without warning, and just when he had once again backed off leaving me aching and frustrated, he plunged back in with a ferocity that was in total contrast to his earlier soft, tender strokes. My eyes flew open, and I gasped as his tongue lashed violently at my nub.

"OH FUCK!!" I screamed as he suddenly inhaled my clit like a demented vacuum cleaner while lapping at it with the tip of his tongue. 

I had never had a guy eat me out like that, and it totally blew my mind! I bucked my pelvis into his face and screamed again as I started to cum.

My body was wracked with a mind numbing convulsion. I cried out again as I wrapped my legs around the back of his head, twitching and shuddering my way through a series of intense peaks of pure pleasure. 

"...Fuck...oh...oh...oh..." I panted and moaned, screwing my eyes tightly shut as a final violent shiver slammed through me.

My body went limp as Trevor released my clit from between his lips and began to lightly circle my now overly sensitive clit with the tip of his tongue. A smaller series of twitching rattled my body, and I sighed with deep satisfaction as the warm wetness of his tongue mingled with the wetness of my pussy.

I opened my eyes when I felt him shift, and I watched as Trevor stood up and undressed. I was still trying to physically recover as he took my legs and pulled them up. His cock was standing straight up, long and thick and obviously in need of some action. 

Trevor stared deeply into my eyes as he pushed my legs further back up to my head. He placed my legs over his shoulders as his stiff cock probed at the entrance to my pussy. He slide he cock slid between the outer lips, letting the thick head rest right at the opening to my aching, wet cunt. I sighed in anticipation as I closed my eyes and waited for Trevor to fuck me.

Slowly Trevor began to slide his cock into my pussy. I moaned as I felt my pussy stretching to accommodate his girth. He pressed in another inch as I pushed my pelvis up to meet him. When he pulled back, I groaned in frustration.

"Trevor...fuck me..." I moaned, wriggling my body and trying to push my pussy up to take him deeper.

His beautiful swollen cock started sliding back inside me as I sighed again. He went deeper this time, but like before, slowly withdrew only adding to my frustration. 

Leaning forward, he pushed my legs even further back, and Trevor grinned down at me when I opened my eyes.

"Ready?" He whispered arching an eyebrow playfully. His eyes were burning with lust, and I knew he wouldn't be holding back any longer. 

I bit my lip and nodded.

I threw back my head and howled as Trevor slammed balls deep into my dripping cunt in one violent thrust. 

Bent almost in half, I couldn't do anything more than grunt and groan under the assault of the cock pile driving deep into my aching hole. I held on to his forearms and panted my way through another massive orgasm, my vaginal walls spasming around Trevor's pulsing cock.

After a dozen more soul shaking trusts, Trevor pulled out, and I groaned as I stretched out my legs. Quickly, I sat up and took his slippy cock in my mouth. Teasing him like he had been teasing me, I sucked his cock hard for a short time, then pulled back and grinned up at him as he growled with his own frustration.

I took him back into my mouth for a few seconds, then I flipped over onto my hands and knees, resting my upper body on the arm of the sofa. Glancing back over my shoulder, I gave him my sexiest Fuck Me look. 

Wasting no time, Trevor grabbed my hips and slammed his cock back into my pussy. He quickly established a brutal pace that had me groaning and grunting with each deep thrust. 

I panted, throwing my hips back onto his cock, trying hard to match his intensity as he continued to fuck me with deep, rough strokes. When I felt his cock begin to twitch, I knew he was close.

"...No...wait..." I hissed.

I rolled to the side, and his cock popped out of my dripping pussy. Before he could protest, I was on my knees with my mouth wrapped back around his beautiful cock. He trust his hips into my face, and I took him as deep as I could as his own orgasm hit.

He groaned as streams of cum shot into my mouth. Grabbing a fistful of my hair, he held my head tight to his crotch as a second and third load of cum spurted from his stiff cock.

I tried to relax and let him use my warm mouth for his own pleasure as he groaned, his body quivering with his release. Finally, his grip on my hair relaxed, and Trevor fell back onto the sofa. Cum dripped from my mouth as I gasped and tried to catch my breath. I wiped the cum from my lips with the back of my hand, looking up at Trevor.

I grinned and bit at my lower lip as I brushed my hair back from my face. His cock was still somewhat hard, and I stood up then gently straddled him. He moaned as I lowered myself onto his now quickly recovering cock. Wrapping my arms around his neck, I buried my face against his shoulder and began to slowly grind my pussy down onto his thick penis. 

His hands lightly caressed my bare back and ass, sending a new wave of shivers up and down my spine. In no time warm feelings again began to spread throughout my body as I fucked my way to another climax. I leaned back and offered my tits to Trevor's warm mouth. He began to lightly suck and nibble at my stiff buds as a gentle orgasm washed through me. I shivered and pushed down hard onto his cock, sending him over the edge again. 

His cock stroked against the inside of my well fucked pussy as we continued to gently rock against each other. In time, our movements slowed, and I just sat on top of him as we caught our breath. Finally, I rolled off of him and collapsed on the sofa, my eyes lightly closed.

When I opened my eyes again, we were both grinning like fools. As I reached for his cock again I knew that I had finally found my new fuck buddy.