 It wasn't unusual that I showed up at John's pool party with Irene, even though she was dating my friend, Jim. Jim and I were both friends with John but Jim had to work that sunny Saturday afternoon. Irene still wanted to go to John's pool party but felt a little weird going stag so she asked if I was going and, since I was, suggested we go together and offered to drive. The reaction to the two of us showing up together was less one of surprise that there might be some impropriety going on than of "poor Jim, getting stuck working today." We both were soon in the pool with drinks in hand.

I hadn't noticed her when we first arrived, despite having scoped out the ladies in and around the pool, but I soon realized that John's younger sister, Jean, was there, too. She was a year younger than John but she was still a year older than me. The three of us had all been on the cross-country team together back in high school but I don't know that I'd seen her since she'd graduated. John owned his own home but the pool was at their parents' house, where Jean was currently living after graduating from college. When she came over to say hello, I had to be careful that I didn't gawk at her body. Her swimsuit was much more conservative than Irene's bikini but it still made her athletic build quite obvious. We spent some time catching up as I made the effort to keep my gaze on her face, which wasn't too difficult since she was still a cutie. I wasn't necessarily catching any kind of vibe from her; I just figured that, like me, she found it a pleasant surprise to see each other again.

Later that afternoon, after I'd enjoyed a few beers, I was heading toward the house to use the bathroom and, as I passed Jean chatting with someone else, I asked which way the bathroom would be once I was inside.

"Here, I'll show you," she offered, excusing herself from the conversation she'd been engaged in. I probably could have found the bathroom on my own once I was inside but I didn't mind having a guide. I was surprised, though, when she led me upstairs rather than off the kitchen, which would have been the first place I would have looked. She directed me to a door off of the upstairs hallway.

"Meet me in here when you're done," she then said, "I want to show you something."

While I was peeing, my mind didn't even go where you'd have thought it would have. I was thinking maybe she had some memento from our cross-country days that she was going to share. Once I'd finished and had washed my hands, I exited the bathroom and headed to her bedroom. The first thing I noticed was that the shoulder straps of her swimsuit were no longer on her shoulders. The top of the swimsuit was still covering her tits, but not for long. Once she knew she had my attention, she started to slowly slide it down, exposing a really nice set of tits. They weren't as big as Irene's but they were definitely proportional to her frame and, to my eyes, they looked absolutely perfect. She smiled at my goggle-eyed reaction but stopped sliding her swimsuit down around the bottom of her ribcage. Although I was momentarily dumbfounded, that didn't stop me from moving closer to her and reaching out to fondle those perky beauties.

Her nipples were hard, which had been obvious when she revealed them, so I brushed my palms lightly over them while caressing the soft, smooth flesh. Before I even bothered trying to kiss her, I lowered my head to alternately lick and suck each nipple. She moaned and ran her fingers through my hair until I straightened up and planted my lips on hers. We were immediately making out passionately as I continued to fondle her tits. Eventually, I dropped my hands down to squeeze her ass through her swimsuit and discovered how toned it was. I couldn't wait to get her fully naked but, when I started to slide her swimsuit further down, she stopped me.

"Hang on," she said, "let's close the door first."

As she went back to the door, I moved closer to her bed while watching her. She closed and locked it then turned back toward me and I watched her tits bouncing as she walked back over to me. She slipped into my arms and we made out again but, when I resumed trying to slide her swimsuit down and she didn't resist, I dropped to my knees before her. When I had it down to just about where I expected to start seeing her bush, I noticed that her tanlines indicated that she typically wore a bikini and I knew I'd have to see that, even though I was about to see her naked. It turned out that her bush was a narrow, meticulously groomed triangle to fit within the limits of her swimsuit. As her entire swimsuit dropped to her ankles, I was gazing up at her body, astounded to have the opportunity but definitely appreciative.

I had her sit on the edge of her bed and lean back with her legs parted as I first gazed some more at her pussy then began to lick it. She moaned as I ran my tongue along her slit, tasting her juices along with a hint of chlorine from the pool. The more I licked her, though, the more her flavor was overpowering the chlorine as she continued to get even wetter. When I slipped a finger into her, I found her incredibly juicy and pleasantly snug. I was feeling like there was a good chance I'd be slipping my cock into her and I knew that it was going to feel outstanding. Before that, though, I was going to make sure that she felt outstanding so I was licking and sucking her clit while sliding my finger in and out of her pussy. She was holding my head and humping her pussy toward my face as she continued moaning so I knew I was on the right track. Glancing up, I saw her tits, squeezed between her arms, pointing up at the ceiling and a look on her face that suggested she was experiencing a high level of pleasure.

I don't know if she started the day, or even started the pool party, expecting to have somebody's face between her thighs but I certainly hadn't had that expectation and I was glad that it appeared as though she was enjoying my efforts. I was more than happy to have a pussy to eat, especially an unexpected one that I'd never had the pleasure to experience before. To also successfully provide a level of pleasure that I'm sure she'd been hoping for when she'd decided to invite me to her bedroom was definitely I'd say a relief so that she didn't end up regretting her decision. I hadn't even thought about Jean in years but now I wanted to get her naked whenever possible from this point forward. I figured that making her cum long and hard would go a long way toward accomplishing that.

She started tensing up as I continued eating her, which I assumed meant that she was getting close to cumming. This was further reinforced as her pussy continued to get even wetter and more engorged than it had already been. I was pleased that something that I was enjoying so much was also something that she was obviously enjoying, too. I didn't do anything special to get her that last little bit there but it wasn't much longer before she went limp and her body started shaking as she let out a cry. Her orgasm was definitely a long one and appeared to be quite intensely pleasurable, which was a good thing for both of us. I continued to lick and suck her clit as my pumping finger was flooded with even more of her natural lubricants. When she finally went still and quiet, I raised my head and slipped my finger from her pussy into my mouth to suck off her juices.

"Wow, you're really good at that," she said once she'd caught her breath.

"I enjoy doing it," I replied, "so if you ever want me to do it again, just let me know."

"You can count on it," she assured me. I stood as we were talking and she sat up, immediately noting that my stiff cock was tenting out my swimsuit. She untied the drawstring and started to lower my swimsuit, my rigid member springing out. As my swimsuit hit my ankles, leaving me as naked as she was, I was gently stroking my tool.

"Climb up here with me," she finally said, so I got onto her bed and she had me lie on my back in the middle of it. I watched her tits swinging as she straddled me then dropped my gaze to her pussy as she guided my cock toward it. We both moaned as she lowered herself onto my cock, her hot, snug, wet pussy engulfing my full length. Once it was fully embedded, she just sat on it for a moment with her eyes closed. I reached up to fondle her tits some more while gazing upon their perfection. She eventually began to slowly move up and down on my cock, which felt even more amazing than I'd expected. While I was fondling her tits, my gaze alternated from them down to her pussy and up to her cute face, her expression once again suggesting that she was experiencing a great deal of pleasure. I also noted as my eyes passed over her body that, while she wasn't ripped, she definitely had good muscle tone everywhere I looked. I had been feeling pretty good about taking my shirt off given my own current fitness routine so, seeing that she was clearly of the same mind, I was glad that my physique wouldn't disappoint.

As she was riding me harder and faster, her tits were bouncing so I moved my hands, allowing me to watch them. Recalling how toned her ass was, I reached around to caress it, ultimately gripping it each time I pushed up into her when she dropped down on my cock. The longer we were fucking, the louder she was moaning and the hotter and wetter her pussy was feeling. I could feel the stirrings of an orgasm but it felt as though she was going to cum again before I did. Since she was the one who had initiated this, I wasn't concerned that she'd be anxious to wrap up once she'd cum but I was thinking that we'd be missed if we were gone from the party for too long. I'd love to have just blown off the party and stayed in her bedroom for the rest of the afternoon but that didn't seem realistic so I did want to make sure to blow a load before we headed back downstairs.

When she dropped down onto my cock and just sat there then, a moment later, started shaking as she let out a soft moan, I was thinking that it wouldn't take much longer after we got back to fucking before I'd be spewing into her hot pussy. Her orgasm was a long and apparently highly pleasurable one so I went back to fondling her tits as she was riding it out. When she finally finished, she remained sitting on my cock for a minute or two as she was catching her breath but, rather than going back to riding it, she climbed off and knelt beside me. I'd been hoping to continue fucking her but, when she lowered her head and wrapped her lips around my tool, I was just fine with this change of direction. Holding the base and gently pumping it, she bobbed her head up and down as she sucked my cock, her efforts leaving nothing to be desired. It didn't take much of her skillful cocksucking before my orgasm was building up again. I reached out to cup her dangling tit which may have made my cock even harder but didn't impact her efforts whatsoever.

I pulled her pillows up under my head so that I could easily watch her sucking me off as well as admiring the profile of her body. She didn't seem to be trying to rush to get me to cum quickly but she also didn't appear to be trying to draw things out, though I'm sure she could have had she wanted to. I didn't try to hold of my orgasm, either; I was just trying to relax and enjoy the pleasure I was feeling and the associated visual stimulation. As my cock swelled even more once I was on the brink of cumming, she continued with the same pace and, when I exploded into her mouth, she swallowed my load and kept sucking me off. Only once I was fully spent did she let my cock fall from her mouth and straighten up. She never moved to lie beside me so I only took a moment to recover before I sat up.

"That was entirely unexpected," I said, "but, wow, that was awesome."

"Oh good because I agree," she replied, with a big smile, "and I'd like it to happen again, often, if you're interested."

"Absolutely," I said, "although I still live with my parents, too, so it may be a challenge, but I'm up for it."

"It doesn't look like you are at the moment," she said, glancing down at my flaccid cock, "but I'll make sure you are when the time is right."

We both climbed off of the bed then slipped into each other's arms to make out for a moment before gathering up our respective swimsuits and slipping back into them. I hated to see her body covered but I was glad to know that I'd be seeing it again. We headed back downstairs but didn't go outside together so as not to draw attention to the fact that we'd both been gone at the same time. Of course, somebody noticed but she didn't say anything about it until we were in her car driving home later that afternoon.

"So where did you and Jean sneak off to earlier?" Irene asked before we'd even made it to the end of the street.

"Oh, uh, she had something she wanted to show me," I replied.

"Really?" she asked, "I assume you enjoyed what she had to show you."

"Oh yes," I replied, "very enjoyable."

"Come on," she said, sounding impatient, "what happened? I want details."

"She invited me to her room," I replied, "and we undressed and engaged in physical activities."

"Listen to me, you," she said, now sounding agitated, "my boyfriend is working so much I barely see him and when I do he's too tired for 'physical activities' so I need to live vicariously through you and I need real details."

I started from when I'd asked her where to find the bathroom and told her very explicitly about everything that had happened until we'd pulled on our swimsuits again.

"Oh my God, that got me so worked up," she moaned, still driving, "I don't know if I can wait until after I drop you off to relieve the tension."

"You focus on driving," I told her, "and let me relieve your tension."

I reached over to slide her cover-up higher then untied the bow on her right hip holding her bikini bottom together. I moved the front of her bikini bottom away from her pussy enough to expose her trim, light brown bush then slipped a finger down as she parted her thighs the best she could while still driving. I found her pussy practically overflowing and immediately started to alternately stroke her clit and slide my finger in and out. She started moaning but did a commendable job of driving in spite of the distraction of a building orgasm. She was just subtly rocking her hips as I stimulated her but I didn't expect that it was going to take very long before she was cumming. Meanwhile, my swimsuit was tenting out because my cock was fully rigid and, when I wasn't gazing down at her trim bush, I was staring at her tits pushing out against her cover-up.

Even when it became clear that Irene was on the verge of cumming, she still managed to not drive even slightly erratically. Fortunately, we were actually stopped at a traffic light when her orgasm hit and she was able to close her eyes momentarily. Her body started shaking but I just kept up what I was doing, wanting to make sure she experienced as much pleasure as I could provide with my one finger. Although it was a long orgasm, and appeared to be highly pleasurable, she finished cumming before the light turned green. She made no move to cover her pussy again once she was moving so I didn't either as I was licking her flavor off of my finger.

"That helped a lot," she finally said, "but I'm still really pent up."

"I'll tell you what," I replied, thinking on my feet, "make a right at the next light. I have an idea."

I navigated her to a nearby park and, once inside, to a more remote parking area. Once she was parked, I had her turn toward me and lean back against the door with her legs parted. I untied the other side of her bikini bottom and she lifted her ass so I could remove it completely. I then lowered my face toward her pussy, admiring her trim bush surrounded by her tanlines, before running my tongue along her slit. She moaned and grabbed my head as I lapped at her pussy, tasting her abundant juices. I didn't get as much chlorine flavor as I had with Jean but I assumed that was because, with Irene as fired up as she was and having already cum once, her own flavor was overpowering any residual chlorine. Aside from the chlorine, I did detect subtle differences in Irene's flavor compared to Jean's, though nothing I could necessarily define. Although this was the first time I'd ever eaten two different pussies so close together, I wasn't giving as much thought to differences in flavor as I was to trying to provide a high level of pleasure. Despite Irene being my friend's girlfriend, I was still of the mind that, if she really enjoyed what I was doing, there was a better chance of being invited to do it again.

When I slipped a finger into her and started sliding it in and out while licking and sucking her clit, her moaning got louder and longer as she rocked her hips toward my face even more. As fired up as she was, I wasn't expecting it to take much longer before she was cumming then I'd be looking for a little relief myself. I'd have settled for a handy-j but I suspected that this encounter wasn't going to end with something like that. Regardless, I was focused not only on providing her with a high level of pleasure but also on committing every detail of the experience to memory in case this ended up being a one-time thing. Seeing, touching and tasting her pussy were undeniably awesome but I also still wanted to see and fondle her tits. Obviously, despite her being my friend's girlfriend, I'd had impure thoughts about her prior to this and planned to after, as well.

She started to tense up as she got closer to cumming while I continued what I had been doing. When she gasped and went limp, her body started shaking and her pussy was flooded with even more of her succulent nectar. I continued to devour her until she went still and silent then I raised my head and, while staring at her pussy and committing it to memory, I slipped my finger out of her pussy and into my mouth, sucking her flavor off of it. Once I'd straightened up completely, she leaned toward me so I removed my finger from my mouth so that she could kiss me. As her tongue quickly slipped into my mouth, her hand found my stiff cock, which she briefly massaged through my swimsuit before starting to untie the drawstring.

Rather than reaching into my swimsuit for my rigid cock, she pulled her mouth away from mine and focused on getting my swimsuit down so my cock could pop out. Once she had my swimsuit down far enough, I kicked it the rest of the way off as she first stroked my cock then straddled me in the passenger seat and guided it toward her pussy. When she lowered herself onto it, we both moaned as my cock slowly filled her snug, slippery pussy. Once I was fully embedded, she sat for a minute, feeling my girth inside her. I started pulling her cover-up off, revealing her tits still restrained within her bikini top. Once I'd cast her cover-up aside, she was starting to move slowly up and down on my cock as I was untying her bikini top. I was gazing upon them raptly as her tits were revealed, having pictured them many times though my imagination was no match for the real thing. They probably weren't actually much bigger than Jean's but, because Irene was a bit more petite, they looked bigger relatively on her frame.

With her bikini top completely gone, I fondled her boobs while still staring at them as Irene continued to ride me harder and faster. I glanced up at her cute face which had an expression indicating that she was still experiencing a great deal of pleasure but my focus was quickly back on her tits. I knew that I could see her cute face just about any old time but I wasn't sure that I'd have such a close-up view of her tits ever again. Of course I wasn't focused exclusively on her tits because I was also savoring the pleasure I was feeling as a result of her pussy sliding up and down my tool. I hadn't expected to get laid even once that day much less twice and I don't know if blowing my load once already was helping my staying power but, given how hot Irene's pussy was and how psyched I was to see her tits and fondle them, I suspected that any benefit was probably instantly negated. That said, I could feel my orgasm building as a result of her riding me harder and faster but, based on her pace and the sounds that she was making, it seemed like she was going to get there before I did. As long as I managed to get off, I didn't care if she got there before me, especially since it would be confirmation that this experience was as good for her as it was for me.
