 It was a warm Saturday morning and I was busy in the garden, the wife had gone shopping with her sister. I received a phone call from our friend Tracy and she asked if she and her young son can come over for a swim in our pool. They arrived about 10 minutes later.

I was busy outside, but kept my eye on her as she came to the pool in her bikini. Tracy is about 25 years old and quite short, about 1.5 to 1.6 metres tall. For such a petite person, she had a body to die for. A nice pair of tits, C-cup and a nice rounded ass. Her legs have a nice shape to them too, all in all, a very smart package. She and her son started playing in the pool and I sort of worked my way closer to the pool area, weeding.

The sound of shouting and laughter filled the air, causing me to have a quick glance at the pair of them. She was picking him up into the air and then dropping him back into the water. As he scrambled for a hand-hold, he managed to grab her bikini top and pull it down. Staring at me was the most perfect breast I have seen in a long time. The nipple was fully erect because of the cold water, surrounded by a very nice pink areola, the size of a 50c piece. My dick immediately started stirring in my shorts. She must have sense me staring, because before covering herself up, she looked at me and smiled. This just made my dick grow harder. I turned away and pretended not to have noticed, but my pants were telling a different story.

I was trying to concentrate on my work, but the sight of her exposed tit haunted my mind. I kept glancing at the pool and every now and again, I found her looking in my direction too. After about 30 minutes of playing in the pool, they got out to get something to drink. I happily obliged and went inside to fetch something cold for them and a beer for me. I had worked up quite a sweat working in the sun. As I gave Tracy her cold drink, I couldn't help but stare at her delicious body in the wet blue bikini. It had become semi-transparent and I could clearly see the outlines of her nipples and surrounding darker areas. Glancing down, I saw what looked like a nice heart-shaped pubic bush and further below, the hint of lips, pushing against the thin material. Of course my cock wanted to show its appreciation by rearing its head. This caused me some quick movement away from her prying eyes.

After they finished their drinks, her son started nodding off and she took him inside for a nap. When she came back, she stretched herself out on the deck chair and closed her eyes. This gave me the opportunity to feast my eyes on lovely body. 

I finished my beer and was just about to return to my weeding, when she opened her eyes and asked me if I could put some suntan lotion on her back. What man would say no!

I sat down beside her on the recliner. She turned on her stomach and I started rubbing suntan lotion onto her back. All of a sudden, she reached behind her and undid the bikini straps. I kept rubbing cream on, enjoying the feel of her soft skin under my hands. I rubbed down, stopping just short of her bikini bottoms. She promptly lifted her hips and pulled them halfway down. My eyes nearly popped out of head, looking at this nice round ass right in front of my eyes. I started applying cream to these two heavenly shaped bumps and my cock was by now straining against the material of my pants. Then she asked me to also put some lotion on her sides. As I was doing this, I could feel the soft sides of her boobs under my fingertips.

Suddenly she turned around and I was staring straight into those two pink nubs, staring back at me, both the size of my little finger's tip. She looked at me and smiled. I smiled back and started to gently rub lotion over the stiff nipples and squeezing them ever so gently. Her hand had by now found my raging hard-on and she was stroking it through the rough material of my pants. I started moving my hands down and encountered the heart-shape bush that was now partly uncovered.

She removed her hand from my cock and slowly removed her bikini bottom. For the first time I got an unimpeded view of her pussy, nestling between her shapely legs. As I started moving my hands down towards heaven, she put her hand inside the leg of my shorts and grabbed my 6 inch cock in her hand. I thought I was going to blow my load there and then.

With my fingers still lubricated with lotion, I slowly started circling around her pussy with my finger tip. Every now and again I would brush over her pussy lips or touch on her clit, which was by now also fully awake and standing stiff, just waiting for attention. She opened her legs wider, and I could hear her breathing had changed a bit. I then started with my finger just above her small brown asshole and moved my finger slowly upwards, opening the petals of her pussy as I progressed. By the time I got to her clit, she had her hips raised, looking for contact between my fingers and her erect clit.

With my other hand I was playing with her tits, alternating between her two stiff nipples, squeezing and rubbing them. She pulled her hand from the inside of pants and started frantically looking for the button and zip. Reluctantly I stopped my ministrations and undid my pants and took them off. Tracy did not need an invitation and sat up and grabbed my stiff cock with both her hands. She then put some lotion on her hands and slowly started wanking me. All I could do is bend down and squeeze her nipples and play with her tits, as her pussy was now out of reach of my hands. She then started kissing the tip of my cock and she licked into my little hole. As she started putting my cock into her mouth, she moved her one hand down to my balls and started playing with them. She only put the head in and slowly opened her mouth wider and started going down. I could feel the soft wetness of her mouth all around my cock and the movement of her tongue on the underside. She put my cock further into her mouth until I could feel the back of her throat on my cock head. Then she started raking my balls softly with her nails. My knees wanted to buckle from the sensation. After a few seconds she pulled her head back and saliva was running down her chin and the length of my cock onto my balls. After wiping the gob away, she swallowed me again. After a few more times I couldn't take it anymore and pulled out. The sight of her mouth dripping with spit and pre-cum was nearly enough for me to shoot my load, but I had other ideas.

I pushed her back onto the recliner and started kissing the inside of her thighs. She arched her back lifted her hips. I gently kissed her soft pussy lips and then sucked them into my mouth. I released them and pushed my tongue in between them and entered her wet pussy. I pushed my tongue as far as I could and then started to tongue fuck her. After a few strokes of this, I pushed my tongue to the top of her pussy and found her hard little nub. I flicked it with my tongue a few times before sucking it into my mouth. She lifted her hips even higher and I could hear her starting to pant. I wet my middle finger in my mouth and slowly started pushing it into her pussy. Her lips were wet and swollen and I found a touch of resistance, but my finger slid in without any problem. I started mouth fucking her clit, while finger fucking her pussy. 

She raised and lowered her hips to match my movements and from her breathing, I knew that she would cum at any time. I wet a second finger and now had two fingers inside her. She felt incredibly tight and I wondered if she would be able to take my cock, which by now was fully expanded.

I slowed down on her clit and just continued pushing my fingers in and out, until I could feel her juices covering my hand. I pulled my fingers out and offered them to her, she greedily sucked them into her mouth. I gave each of her nipples a gentle bite and then moved down to her pussy again. I gave her clit a last few sucks and then knelt between her legs with my cock in my hand.

I rubbed my cock a few times over her pussy until I saw that her lips were opening slightly. I put the head in and just kept it there for a moment, slowly I started feeding a bit more of my cock into her sopping hole. She put her head back and held her breath. Her nipples were standing straight up and I could help but taking them into my mouth again. Suddenly she moved her hips and I was all the way into that delightful soft, wet hole. All I could do way stay like that for while, enjoying the feeling of wet, soft warmth that was enveloping my cock. Like I said, she was tight, but not uncomfortably so. 

I couldn't believe that such a petite body could take all of my throbbing cock like that. I then pulled out until only the head remained and slowly pushed back in. I could feel her pussy accepting my hard cock more easily after a thrusts and started to increase my movements. Her hips were meeting mine in time with every thrust. Here breathing was getting harder, as was mine. I could feel the inside of her pussy starting to contract and then my balls were starting to do the same. As she threw her head back, I shoved my throbbing cock all the way into her pussy and started unleashing a stream of hot sticky cum into her. Her pussy was throbbing like a milking machine around my cock, causing squirt after squirt of cum to fill her tight pussy. We stayed like that until we got our breath back and then I slowly pulled my cock from her drenched hole. As she sat up, a stream of cum was running from between her pussy lips.

We got into the pool to rinse off, which was just in time, as from inside the house, we heard the little guy starting to wake. After a quick kiss and a last feel of her luscious pussy and gorgeous tits, we got out of the pool and got dressed. We haven't had the opportunity for a repeat performance, but I am sure it will cum.

The end.