 I was thinking that maybe this was not such a great idea. I was in an Uber car heading for some aquatic facility on the outskirts of Vegas at 5:15 in the morning. I was smart enough to google places to get in a decent swim workout when I was here for my annual confab, but I was not smart enough to call ahead and ask about logistics. I had no idea if I could just show up and get into the pool or if I had to pay in cash only (I only had a $100 bill). I was beginning to think this was going to be a round trip Uber ride.

We pulled up to the facility and I saw several older swimmers making their way to the pool, so my confidence was high enough that I decided to get out and let Uber on his way. I walked into the lobby, which as empty, and found my way through the mens locker room and out onto the deck. I saw a lady who looked like she knew what she was doing, walked up and asked for help.

"Hello, I am traveling from out of town and I saw that it was possible to join the masters swimmers for morning practices at this pool. Who should I talk to to get squared away?"

"I am sorry fella, but I am in the same boat. I am in from St Louis and was looking for some pool time. Sorry I could not be of more help."

Fortunately, the Masters Coach came onto the deck, recognized we were newbies, and got us both squared away. He quickly gave us the lay of the land. "Fast swimmers swim in lanes 8 to 10, mid-range swimmers in 5 to 7, and the slow pokes are in the first four lanes. Pick your poison, theirs lots of space. Practice starts in 5 minutes."

I started back swimming after 30 years. I was not as fast as I once was - it seems the older we get the faster we were. But, I was certainly feeling like I could hold my own in the middle lanes. I got dressed, jumped into lane 6, which had only one other swimmer, and started to warm up. After five minutes of warm-up, the coach held us up and gave out the workout. I was surprised to find that my lane mate was the same lady that was on the deck earlier. I didn't recognize her in a suite with goggles and a swim cap, and she was in fantastic shape. 

"Hello again St Louis. Is it OK if we share the lane?" She didn't recognize me, or the St Louis reference, at first and then I saw the recognition dawn on her.

"No problem. Do you want to circle or split the lane?"

"Let's circle, in case we have another join us."

"Sounds good. You want to go first?"

I noticed when she was warming up that she was a strong swimmer. I have mostly been a short distance swimmer and did not know what was ahead of me, so I acted the gentleman. "Why don't you lead. I will try to keep up."

Little did I know that for the next 60 minutes I would be eating bubbles. This lady was kicking my ass and I was really pushing hard to keep up enough not to be embarrassed. Between sets it was all I could do to catch my breath. There was no chance of chatting, so when the torturous practice was finally over, I offered my hand and said "Thanks St Louis, for letting me share the lane. You are quite fast. You must swim a lot."

"Thanks. I try to get four or five swims in a week. A girl has got to try to keep her figure."

"You are doing a fantastic job. You look fit as fiddle."

She began getting out, saying "thank you, I appreciate the compliment. Have a great day." And she was off. I watched her walk to the womens locker room as I contemplated how I was going to get out of the pool in my exhausted state. She was quite fit. I had noticed her figure in the pool, but really appreciated it when she got out. Lean and tight, very athletic. She had the classic swimmer's physique, she appeared to be about 5 ft 7 inches tall, maybe 5 ft 8. Narrow hips accented her athletic frame. She had wide shoulders and firm breasts, possibly a 34 B. I also noticed the large wedding ring on her finger, not that the one on my finger was any less obvious. I don't know why I always check, but I do.

I quickly showered and was on the curb trying to get an Uber ride when St. Louis came out of the lobby. "Hello again, St Louis."

She must have sensed my anxiety seeing me trying to get my Uber ride and asked "Do you need a ride?"

I was running behind. I still needed to get back to the hotel, don my business suit on and get over to the conference to make by first meeting. "That would be great," I sighed. Are you near the strip? I am at Bally's.

"I am at the MGM, just up from you. If you don't mind walking from there, I can give you a lift."

"You would be a life saver. I am really running behind. I didn't think it would take this long to get a ride on Uber."

In a casual, but professional tone, she said, "Hey, no problem. Let's get going. I am running a bit behind too."

As we headed to her car I introduced myself. "My name is Dixon. I am in from Seattle for the SuperLux show."

"Well, Seattle, I am Jane from St. Louis. I am here to get trained in the latest, greatest ERP system that ever graced the planet earth. Or at least that's what I am being told."

I liked her style. She had a wit and a charm that were similar to mine and we chatted comfortably about our business in Vegas. I have a weakness for intelligent and witty conversation and she had plenty of both. The 20 minutes it took us to get to her hotel went by quickly and then she was parking and I could tell we were both already thinking about our day ahead. As I grabbed my bag from the back of her rental she asked "Are you going to swim again tomorrow morning?"

"I don't know if I could keep up with you two days in a row."

"There are always the slow lanes," she chided. "If you want a ride to the pool tomorrow, meet me at the front desk at 5 and I will give you a ride."

"It's a deal. I'll see tomorrow morning. Have a great day."

"And you too."

And like that we were off on our separate ways. I just made it to my first meeting of the morning and it seemed like I was playing catch-up all day long. By the end of the day I was really feeling that morning workout. I was completely exhausted. I made it to my room by 6 pm with my Subway salad, called my wife and checked in, and then dropped into the bed wondering why I had agreed to swim the next morning. Oh, I was going to regret that decision.

=================

The alarm went off at 4 am and I felt much better than I thought I would. The nine hours of sleep had done wonders for my body. I was a little sore from the day before, but actually feeling pretty spunky and ready to take on the morning workout challenge. I got to the MGM lobby at 5 minutes to 5 and Jane was already waiting for me. She was looking at her phone when I walked up. "Good morning St Louis. Did you sleep well?"

"Like a rock," Jane said, glancing up briefly as she finished what she was doing on the phone.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you."

"That's OK. My Mommy world is on Central time, and I am on Pacific time. My son couldn't find his football jersey and you would think it was a natural disaster. Of course, it was right were he left it, on the floor in his room." She looked a bit frazzled and had that 'Mom on a mission' look to her. The one that telegraphed that she was in charge and had everything under control. She got up from the lobby seat, grabbed her gym bag, saying "You ready to go?"

"Ready as can be," I said as I followed her already on her way to her car. Apparently this was a rhetorical question that she was not really expecting an answer to. I was nearly running to catch up to her. Once we got out of the parking lot, we starting off our chatting from yesterday. I learned a bit more about ERP than I ever wanted to know. Jane is apparently in charge of training at her firm and she will be repeating what she is learning in Vegas when she returns to St Louis. She made it clear that she could not wait for this week to be over and for her to head back home. She had an early flight out tomorrow morning and was looking forward to it. As riveting a conversation topic as ERP can be, I tried to steer the conversation away to other topics. 

"You are a great swimmer. Did you swim in college?"

"Yeah. Two years at D2, then I got married, quit school and became a full-time Mom. I had my first when I was twenty-one, my second at twenty-three and then my baby came when I was twenty-five. He was the one on the phone. It's his senior year and he finally made varsity. He worked hard to get there and I am proud of him. How about you? Do you have kids?"

Answering that question is always a bit difficult for me. Not so much that I don't want to answer the question, but more that the answer sometimes sends the conversation in a weird direction. Not feeling like being evasive, I say "I have had three kids. My oldest would have been 29 this year. I have a son that will be 27 in October. And, my baby girl just turned 20." And this is the part that is always awkward, explaining about my oldest son. But, Jane didn't say a thing. She just moved on.

"So you have been married quite a while then." Jane's comment was more of an observation than a question, but it was said in a way that invited a follow-up.

"We just celebrated our 30th wedding anniversary in June," I said. "It sounds like you are not far behind me."

"Greg and I are just coming up on number 25 in January. Greg proposed to me at the end of my second year of college. We were pregnant and in love and ready to start a life together. Greg was graduating with an accounting degree and was able to find work right away. From the start he made enough money that I didn't need to work, so I stayed home and took care of the kids."

I did some quick math in my head, her oldest is around 22 or 23, she had her first baby at around 20, assuming she went to college right out of high school, so that would make her about 42 or 43 years old. Ten years younger than I was at 52. I started to feel like the conversation was getting a bit too personal and I again steered it away. "So what did you swim when you were in college?"

For the last few minutes of the trip to the pool, Jane gave me a brief overview of her high school and college swimming career. She was a state champion in the middle distance freestyle and backstroke events and was the backbone to the relays when she was in high school. In college she was able to keep up with the pack, but was not the star. She swam at the regional meets, but was always just a bit short of making the cut-off times to go to nationals.

We wrapped up our conversation as we hit the pool lobby. Each of us knew we had a grueling workout ahead and we put our 'game faces' on. Apparently the Friday practices are not as tough as the rest of the week and I was able to get through the next 60 minutes without once feeling like I needed to throw up. Like yesterday I was trailing behind Jane, trying to keep a respectable distance between us and silently thanking the coach that we did not swim sets long enough that she could lap me.

After a quick shower I met her back at her car. Again, she was ahead of me and waiting. That's twice today. As we made our way back to the heart of Vegas I started to feel a bit melancholy that we would be parting company in just a few minutes. Realizing we both had flights out in the morning, and before I realized what I was saying I blurted out "Why don't you let me take you out to dinner to repay you for all these rides you have given me." And then, realizing it sounded like I was asking for a date, I backtracked a bit. "Oh, that sounded like I was asking you on a date. I don't mean that. I have enjoyed your company. And I like talking with you. And, well, I guess, uh, I guess I was just thinking if you weren't doing anything we could talk some more over dinner." 

Jane was pretty quiet for the next few seconds. I tried to fill the silence with another clumsy apology. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked. Please forgive my insolence. I appreciate the ride and have really enjoyed the conversation. It was rude of me to ask."

Jane focused on driving as we came close to her hotel, but in a bit of a professional tone, she said "I am probably going to have a wrap-up dinner with the group tonight. I appreciate the offer, but I think I have a commitment." She paused a bit more, then said with a slight smile "And who uses the word insolence?"

Feeling slightly relieved at the insolence chide, I continued to retreat. "I understand," I said, feeling like I was floundering through the last minute of this drive and wishing we were already there. I was certain she was seeing this as the old married guy hitting on the hot yummy mummy. "But," she offered, "give me your number and I will text you if that changes. I wouldn't mind getting a quick bite before an early nod off." She was clearly signaling a purely professional demeanor, but I was internally jubilant. I gave her my cell number and I was sure not to ask for hers in return. The ball was in her court. If she texted me, then I would have her number, but if not, then that would be the end of that. We parted company, wishing each other a good day.

===============

The first half of my day was packed with meetings, but as I got into the afternoon it was like a spigot was turned off. Everyone was heading for the airport like rats deserting a sinking ship. I was wondering why I chose to stay Friday night and take a Saturday morning flight home, and then I remembered that my procrastination betrayed me and I was unable to get a flight out tonight.

My mind drifted to Jane a few times during the day, but I quickly pulled it back on track. I had a tendency to let my mind wander too much, thinking about what could be, and not being realistic about what is. I am feeling spry for my 52 years and I think this clouds some of my thinking. I am possibly in the best shape since college. I am proud of what I have been able to do, and I have worked hard at it for the past two years to get here. The swimming, weight training, and Pilates, combined with a serious change in diet, have melted 40 lbs off my frame, leaving a fairly tight 235 lbs. I am able to see my abs for the first time in 30 years. They had been buried under fat for so long you would have though they were in witness protection. There is still a layer of fat that I would like to burn off, and I will get keep trying to get it off, but when I look in the mirror I see a fit guy looking back at me. My hair is now more gray than not, but I was blessed with good genetics and still have a pate full. I am not ugly, but I am not gorgeous either. Ruggedly handsome might be a kind description.

Jane was one of those age-defying beauties that had a body of a twenty-year old. She was firm, had great skin tone, carried a slight tan, had just a hint of laugh lines around the eyes, and was, in every sense of the word, a stunning woman. And, how I enjoyed talking with her. She carried a conversation wonderfully. Her remarks were timely, her humor was intelligent, and her charm was genuine. I was fortunate to have met her and had the opportunity to spend a bit of time with her. I should not forget that I am a married man. I should not be thinking about another woman. But, I was.

I had abandoned all hope of dinner when around 4 pm I got a text from a St Louis number. My heart skipped a beat as we began to exchange text messages:

Jane: "Hey Seattle, are you still up for a quick bite?"

Me: "Absolutely. When and where."

Jane: "MGM Lobby. 6 pm?"

Me: "Perfect. See you then."

Jane: "OK."

I was determined to get to the Lobby before Jane this time. I am not sure why I felt it was so important for me to get there ahead of her, but the last two times she beat me and I didn't want to make it three in a row. So, I showered quickly, tossed on some jeans and my polo shirt, dragged a come across my mop and was in the MGM lobby at 5:30 pm, a full 30 minutes early.

She beat me again. She was sitting in the same seat as this morning, texting furiously, as I stood back and watched her. She was dressed casually, wearing a loose fitting collared blouse conservatively buttoned, a tan pair of Capri's that came to mid-calf and a pair of comfortable Toms. Her hair was pulled back in a pony tail, she had small stud earrings and did not seem to be wearing any make up. She looked dressed for a picnic, light and casual. She was not dressing to impress. Rather, she was sending a clear signal that we were buddies headed out to get a "quick bite." Watching her focus on that little screen as her fingers flew so fast over the keys was mesmerizing.

I waited until she was done before interrupting this time. "I tried to beat you here," I said as I walked up to her. She turned her phone over and looked up with a mixed look. I sensed something was off. Thinking my early arrival had upset her somehow I said, "I can wait in Starbucks if this is too early."

"No, you're fine. I was just catching up at home. My youngest has a game tonight and he is disappointed I will miss it. He said he will be getting 'major playing time' tonight," she said, using air quotes to emphasize her son's anticipated participation in tonight's game. Like a switch turned, she turned on a smile and said, "I yelped a few spots that looked good that were close by. I was thinking we could walk instead of drive."

"Sounds great. Lead the way."

I found a nice steak house and then I found a nice steak house. "Do you have a preference?"

"How about the steak house," I offered.

She smiled. "Great choice. It's only about 5 minutes from here."

Our walk was pleasant. The heat from the day had subsided and was now bearable. I enjoyed the pace, strolling and talking. I learned that she was not a Vegas "regular" and did not crave the atmosphere the way most visitors did. She was not a gambler, did not take in the shows, and viewed Vegas as a place she had to go to get something done, then leave as quickly as possible. I wanted to say "I thought I was the only one that felt that way," but felt that would seem as if I was attempting to ingratiate myself through mutual agreement, so I kept that comment to myself.

We got seated right away. Jane ordered a drink, I ordered water. "Not a drinker?" she asked.

"I am a better man without it," my stock answer to the teetotaler question. "My wife asked me to stop drinking on January 30th, 2000 and I have not had a drop since."

"Wow. January 30th, 2000. That's pretty specific," said Jane in such a way that seemed to indicate she wanted me to share a bit more. I didn't bite.

Switching topics, I asked Jane about her family. As we waited for dinner, Jane told me more about her life. As with many marriages, the early years are filled with kids and work, leaving little time for each other. Jane confided that she had, at times, felt neglected and unfulfilled, especially as her husband's career continued to grow and her children reached their teen years. This is when she started going back to school, getting a degree in communications, and then taking a position with a local firm in their training department.

I senses a change in tone in our conversation. We seemed to have found a level of mutual trust that comes from knowing that two strangers will not meet again. Possibly carried by this new found sense of trust between us, or possibly because I am an idiot that talks before he thinks, I asked "Did you ever stray during your marriage?" Almost as soon as the words left my mouth I was rapidly trying to think of a way out of this conundrum. What was I thinking?

She looked down at her plate as I was just starting to open my mouth to take back what I had when she said, "I was tempted a few times." I was shocked at her honesty and let the silence fill the moment. She then went on, still looking down. "I had suspected that Greg was sleeping with one of the ladies at the office. I would catch him texting when I was not around and then quickly hiding the phone when I came into the room. I would ask him who he was texting with and he would say something like 'Oh, its just some office drama.' or something equally inane. I wasn't strong enough to challenge him on it and we just sort of went on."
