 It was a sweltering August afternoon in Oklahoma. She decided to drive to the lake to cool off. She drove around the lake until she found her turnoff road, if you could call it that.

After bumping through and swerving around the holes, she arrived at her destination. It was quiet, peaceful, and deserted, or so she thought. This was where she always came when she wanted a peaceful swim. She slowly took off her tank top, shorts, and underclothes before heading toward the water. No one ever came out to this area of the lake so more often than not she swam naked.

She didn't know that "he" hiked the trails around the lake. He came upon her just as she stepped into the water and he stopped in his tracks.

She was totally naked. She slowly waded out until the water lapped at her thighs. He stared at her large tits as the bounced while she walked. Her round nipples got hard and caused his dick to harden. Then she dove under the water.

While she was underwater, he quickly divested himself of his clothes and followed her path into the water being careful to not make any sounds. As she came up for air he wrapped his arms around her ample waist, her tits resting on his arms.

She started to scream, but he motioned for her silence by putting his finger over his mouth. She wasn't sure what to do. She'd never seen anyone out here and she didn't know who he was. Next, he started nibbling on her neck. She knew that felt good and would just wait and see where this led. She tilted her head sideways, so he could get a better taste. He used his hands to caress her bobbing breasts.

Her nipples hardened even more in response. She leaned herself into his hands and moaned. It felt so good the way her breasts molded so well into his hands. She hadn't been with anyone in so long that she almost forgot what it felt like.

She turned around and kissed him. He reached and grabbed her ass, bringing her closer to him. She darted her tongue in and out of his mouth. He pulled her head closer. She could feel his hardened dick between her closed legs.

She moved her hands down his back until she reached his buttocks. There, she drew circles on each cheek, and then she grabbed him and pulled him closer, his dick partly her thighs slightly.

He trailed kisses down her chest. He took one nipple in his mouth and sucked on it until she moaned. She leaned into him and reached down and grabbed his dick. She stroked him fast at first and then slow and firm. He moaned and leaned into her hand. He reached down and parted her thighs with his hand and rubbed her clit. She cried out and gasped as he entered her with one of his fingers. She began rocking her hips back and forth to meet his hand. She didn't realize her hand was moving in time with his as she stroked him faster and faster. He felt her tense up on his finger. 

When he took his finger out of her pussy, she wrapped her legs around his waist. He thrust upward and entered her. She came again and ran her nails down his chest. She wrapped her hand around the base of his cock as he rammed his cock in and out of her. She stroked him faster and faster. She cried out. It felt so good. She began to rock against him. He thrust deeper and harder. 

He twisted his head sideways, and she took advantage of the opportunity. With her tongue, she traced around his ear. Then she delved her tongue deep in his ear. In and out she went with her tongue in time to their rhythm.

They increased the pace and she dug her nails into his muscled shoulders. He grabbed her ass so he could fuck her faster. He slid his finger closer and closer to that opening and she opened her eyes in surprise as he stuck a finger slowly inside. She came again. He thrust one final time and she cried out. He fell backward into the water taking her underneath with him. As soon as they came up, he grabbed her behind her head and knees.

Then he carried her to shore, sat her down, and dried her off with her towel. Next, he picked up her clothes piece by piece and placed it on her still moist body. When she was dressed, he turned, grabbed his clothes, and walked back through the trees.

She grabbed the rest of her stuff and got into her car watching as he disappeared into the trees surrounding her favorite watering hole smiling.