 A note from Jayne.

This is a continuation of my experience of swinging so, I strongly recommend that you read that first. However, this does stand alone as a story in its own right so, whatever you do, enjoy me.

*

It was just as Paul had explained. I went along to a meeting that was held every three months or so, met the committee and fortunately was not black-balled. I paid my thousand pounds joining fee and my thousand first year subs. The money was used for hiring premises for such meetings as this and for the occasional party or orgy as Paul explained it. At those, a number of young male and female models who the members could have sex with were brought in and paid for from the fees. The main function of the circle was as a sort of dating agency where couples could find like-minded couples and then meet to do as they wish, usually at one or the other's home, but sometimes in a hotel.

Naturally, when Paul had first introduced the idea I had rejected it, well actually I didn't do that, I just didn't react. Over what must have been a three or four week period each time following sex as I lay in his arms, naked when in bed or with my breasts bare if in his car, he kept returning to the topic and slowly he raised my interest until finally I agreed to attend the meeting. I could hardly believe that in such a short period, probably three months, I had gone from being celibate to becoming a potential swinger.

I guess there must have been a number of reasons, but the main one really was as Paul put it "Why not?" We talked it through and I couldn't argue with his logic. I wanted and needed sex, I didn't want involvement, I didn't fancy one-night stands with strangers and I enjoyed meeting new people. 

"As you know everyone is carefully vetted and, just like a golf club, for better or worse Jayne, they are all people like us."

Our first 'date' was with a couple in their early fifties Steve and Cassy. They lived in Bexleyheath just outside London to the south east of London and were happy for us to visit them. "Let's have dinner, see what happens and if you wish stay the night," Paul said that Steve had told him.

"There's never any pressure, particularly on newcomers," he'd explained. "If we get there and any one of us changes their mind, that's fine, there'll be no hassle." 

He went on to explain that Steve and Cassy had been members for years and had been one of the founding couples. They do a lot to make the circle successful and many new couples or individuals, like you my dear, date them first.

I was hellishly nervous as Paul drove his new Jag through Blackwall Tunnel and along the busy A2 the next Friday evening. I had felt awful as I packed Sara off to her father's telling her that I was visiting a girl friend to play golf; she still didn't know about Paul.

We pulled into the in and out driveway of the double fronted, detached Victorian house just off the centre of Bexleyheath at eight in the evening. Both of them opened the house door before we were out of the car and they greeted us like old friends. Cassy pecked both of us on the cheek, Steve did the same to me and he and Paul shook hands. They ushered us in to their nicely appointed house that was very Victorian inside in both decor and furniture, it was messy and busy, but lovely.

Steve was quite tall, over six feet and was nicely slim with a full head of dark hair flecked strongly at the side with grey. He wore glasses but had blue eyes and a nice square jaw. His teeth had probably been whitened and he had a lovely, Hollywood like, smile. He was wearing a dark blue shirt with a button-down collar that had the top and two other buttons undone at the front showing a fair chest covering of hair. He was wearing tan chinos and loafers with no shoes. Overall I was impressed.

Cassy was the sort of woman who is described as a willowy blonde. She was wearing a long- sleeved, white, silky top that buttoned up the back. It was high at the neck and she wore it outside the blue denim mini skirt that ended halfway down her long, slender, tanned legs. She was wearing mid height heeled sandals and she looked fabulous. Her almost straight, silver blonde hair fell onto her shoulders and as she moved it became clear she wasn't wearing a bra. Although her breasts looked to be modest in size.

Paul was also wearing chinos, blue ones with a white Ralph shirt and a thin, beige linen jacket. Since we'd been together he had let his brown hair grow longer, just beneath his collar, he looked good. 

I was wearing a white, crisp cotton blouse that buttoned all the way up the front and black leather trousers, with self-support stockings and high heels. As usual I was wearing my blonde hair in my usual spiky style.

"As it's still warm let's have a drink on the terrace," Cassy said as Steve uncorked a bottle of champagne.

Considering that we were strangers who were probably about to have sex the atmosphere was surprisingly light. We chatted easily about lots of things varying from the X Factor and I'm a Celebrity get me out of Here to the war Ii Afghanistan and to the women's' World Cup in France Africa. We got on really well and by the time we'd finished the bottle and were sitting down to dinner with Steve and me opposite each other with Cassy to my right and Paul my left, it was almost as if we were old friends.

We had a delicious rocket salad with parmesan bacon and mushrooms to start followed by baby lamb chops and minted potatoes with strawberries for desert, simple but lovely. The Sauvignon Blanc flowed well with all of us preferring that to the heavier Merlot on offer. By the time dinner was finished and we moved to a sitting room I was feeling quite mellow, actually slightly tipsy, which I guess was the plan to loosen all of our inhibitions. I was not so tipsy, though, to accept a digestif and stayed on wine rather than the Cognac that the men chose.

I had wondered since this had been set up just how the sex would be introduced and had assumed that there would be a clear change from strangers to lovers, a definite break point where somebody would sort of say 'Ok now for the second part of the evening, sex.'

Of course it wasn't like that.

As we left the table, Steve walked beside me and slid his arm round my waist. When we got to the dimly lit sitting room with low music playing, he pulled me into his arms and we danced. The transition was as simple and straightforward as that. Cassy and Paul did the same. And so strangely it didn't feel wrong or out of place at all.

It took little time for Steve's hands to be running up and down my back and onto my bum or for my fingers to run through his hair on the back of his neck. But soon we were both caressing each other as we swayed on the spot dancing. I really couldn't believe how the sheer mood and atmosphere of the situation simply took me over. It seemed so perfectly natural to be in Steve's arms, pulled close to him his obvious erection growing against my stomach. It felt common place to have this virtual stranger's hands squeezing my bum and running up and down the backs and side of legs. It felt perfectly ok for me to hold and stroke him, to run my fingers through his hair, to press my breasts against his chest and to not move my stomach away from the long, hard object pressing against me. It also felt perfectly proper for the man I had arrived with, my current partner and lover to be experiencing a similar situation with Cassy. 

I didn't concern myself too much with trying to think through the situation, but I did find it all pretty amazing. It was such a dichotomy. I'd given up dating because I didn't like one-night stands, yet here I was about to make love to a virtual stranger. I generally disagreed with promiscuity feeling that there should be something almost 'sacred' about sex, but how more recreational could it be treated than I was treating it now. Ah the wearisome ways of sexual matters. I pushed all of those thoughts out of my mind and concentrated on living for the moment.

I looked over Steve's shoulder and saw that the others were a little ahead of us for the man who had brought me here had pulled the hem at the back of Cassy's mini skirt up so that his hands were squeezing the bare, perfectly formed orbs of her bum. I found that to be a hugely erotic sight.

Steve's lips brushed across my cheek and rested on mine. He kissed me softly, his lips felt nice.

"Is this ok Jayne?"

"Yes," I murmured parting my lips as his met mine and he kissed me.

He kissed well and soon I was forgetting that he was a stranger. It certainly didn't seem like it and it certainly didn't seem to matter. It was just as though I was kissing someone I knew, Paul for instance. I was relaxing and I kissed him back, just as his hand found my breast. That made me jump, but not with anything other than pleasure. 

I saw over his shoulder that Paul and Cassy were laid out on the settee. Her skirt was well up her legs and I could see in the dim light that Paul had pushed her top up and was kissing her small, bare breasts. Paul's white shirt was open and pulled out from his trousers. As Steve squeezed my breasts and pressed his lovely erection against me even harder the sight of them really got me going.

I had had sex with others in the room a couple of times before, but they were years ago when we were kids on holiday in Ibiza. This was different. I think it was the fact that the four of us were all in this together that made it not only so exciting, but also so acceptable as well. It could well also have been the unique way that we could all indulge both our voyeur and exhibitionist tendencies at the same time. That was something that had never occurred to until I had seen my lover sucking Cassy's nipples and I had seen her eyes watching her husband's hands on my breasts and bum. We smiled at each other as our eyes met.

I willingly let Steve pull me down onto the other large sofa and just as willingly welcomed his hand inside my blouse.

"You comfortable with this?" He asked.

"Yes Paul, its fine," I answered honestly.

"And you ok to go further?" he whispered as his fingers slid into my bra in a similar way to which Paul had done many times.

I realised he was really asking about us having sex. 'Shit' I thought. 'He's asking if he can fuck me.' That seemed strange. Someone I had known for all of two hours asking that. But it didn't seem wrong. In a way joining this circle had been the catalyst in changing my views on sex. In the past the idea of having sex with a stranger would have been abhorrent and I would have rejected it out of hand and told myself not to be so ridiculous. Now, I asked myself 'Why not?"

"You ok in here with them or would you prefer privacy?"

I hadn't thought that we would do it in the same room as them, but the idea exited me.

"What do you want to do?" I asked as he undid the buttons on my blouse.

"I'll go wherever you wish Jayne, but I would adore making love to you as they watch us and we watch them" he diplomatically replied as, quite expertly he undid the clasp of my bra.

I sat up straight as he slipped my bra off. I guessed something similar had taken place on the other settee, for Cassy was down to her panties and Paul was removing his trousers. I undid the button at the top of the zip on my trousers and then pushed that down. 

"Stand up Jayne," he whispered undoing his own zip and pushing his trousers off; I was surprised and I have to say excited to see that he was naked under them. Naked and beautifully hard.

I stood close to him and felt a marvellous buzz as he pulled my leather trousers down. I stepped out of them and momentarily had another enormous buzz as I saw that both Paul and Cassy were looking at me standing just a few feet from them in just my black, silk thong and holdups. I smiled at them seeing that they were both naked.

It really was one of the most erotic moments of my life. 

To be fucked by a stranger as I heard the sounds of his wife being fucked by my partner was an awesome turn on and to be absolutely truthful I loved every moment of it.

As Steve wiggled me back onto the sofa clad in just the thong I could see my lover and Steve's wife standing naked kissing deeply. Seeing her hand wrapped round Paul's cock as mine had been so many times was so stirring to me that without thinking I grabbed Steve's. Feeling rather bad about it I did think that his was thicker and slightly longer than Paul's.

He was now on top of me, but my attention was, amazingly, more drawn towards the other two than to what we were doing. 

I stared over Steve's shoulder as I heard Cassy grunt. "Oh yes."

Paul was lying between her long, slender legs. She had raised them and wrapped them round his waist and the grunt had clearly resulted from Paul entering her just as her husband had me. Steve was fully up me, but incredibly I had hardly felt him slide into me so absorbed was I by watching the other two now very evidently fucking; of course it may have had something to do with me being so very lubricated! I had never seen a couple have full sex in real life. Sure, I'd seen it in porn films, but they were nothing at all like hearing and seeing Paul and Cassy getting it on so quickly and enthusiastically. It was wonderful.

Steve was moving nicely in and out of me as at the same time he squeezed my boobs and the cheeks of my bum while I felt his cheeks and his balls between his legs from behind him.

It was this fantastic cocktail of being fucked, fondling my current lover and watching my real lover and Chrissy shagging that so excited me and made me cum twice in quick succession.

*

Strangely, my relationship with Paul seemed to get stronger in the month or so after that session. I even told my daughter I was seeing a man and introduced them to each other.

"So Jayne, have you?" he asked me after we'd had sex and were talking about arranging another 'date.'

On the profile I had to complete for the circle I had ticked 'curious and interested' to the question concerning bi involvement. Any couples with who we made a date would see the profile as we would theirs. 

Paul and I were in bed with his laptop going through prospective partners. The couple that we were both favouring, Danielle and Ken, were again in the mid-forties. She was slim with shoulder-length, black hair and a lovely figure. He was chunky and of average height with a well-tuned, muscular body. Danielle had answered 'Completely bi but understand if others aren't so inclined' to the question of her sexuality. Intriguingly and I found quite exciting, Ken had given the same answer.

Paul had asked me several times whether I had been with women, but I had skirted round the question; there are some areas I didn't want to go with him, well not just yet. It hadn't occurred to me before then to wonder what he had answered to the question. 

"Have you?" I retorted.

"Well you know I have been with women, but I assume the question refers to have I been with a man?"

"Yes, yes it does."

He kissed me and stroked my naked breast before replying. "Yes Jayne I have."

"May I ask what you have done?" I asked feeling a surge of sensations roaring from my clit to my nipples that hardened immediately. I had always had a 'thing' about watching two guys together, although I had never experienced that.

"Most things," he replied just as the phone rang.

"With many men?"

"Several. Actually it was that which really fucked up my marriage."

"Why did she catch you?"

"No I told her."

"What that you had been with men?"

"No, that I would like to try it," he said as his mobile kept ringing.

"Fuck, Andy will be here soon with his girlfriend, he's just down the road," he told me mentioning his elder son who I hadn't met.

"Shit," I said getting out of bed. "Does he know about me?"

"Yes he knows I am seeing someone, but doesn't know much."

I scrambled quickly into my jeans and top, brushed my hair and reapplied my makeup, just in time to get downstairs before they arrived.

It's always a horrendously difficult time meeting a lover's child and it's made even more difficult when you have only moments before meeting them been in bed naked with the father.

They were both very nice and we chatted for a while before they left to go shopping.

Whilst I was embarrassed meeting them I was pleased that they had acted as a diversion for it meant I didn't have to answer Paul's question about whether I had been with other women.

As I got ready for our next date with Danielle and Ken, which was going to be at their London flat that was only a couple of miles from me, I pondered on Paul's remark about telling his wife that he wanted to go with a man. I hadn't seen him since that morning when his son arrived so I hadn't been able to follow up what I found to be a quite exciting topic, particularly as he had told me 'he'd done most things.' I was illogically maybe, dying to know if he had fucked or been fucked or whether he'd done both!

At Danielle and Ken's flat, they also had a large house in Devon, which was their main residence, events went in a similar way to our date with Steve and Cassy.

We had drinks, this time on a balcony looking out over Victoria Park and the east end of London, then dinner with wine. Again, we moved from the table into a lounge and once more the transition from being four respectable adults and strangers to starting to become swinging lovers went smoothly. Music, dancing and low lights on the top of enough wine are such wonderful aphrodisiacs.

The difference this time was that after Ken and I had been kissing and petting for some time and he had unbuttoned my dress at the front, he had whispered. "Let me take you to bed Jayne. Ok?"

"Yes," I replied as he took my hand and pulled me up from where we had been lying on a sofa. Holding my dress in place so I was somewhat ridiculously hiding my boobs I quite unnecessarily slipped my high heels back on and let him lead me across the flat and into a nicely appointed bedroom. 

Wordlessly we undressed ourselves. Although scrambling each other out of their clothes has its time and place, I sometimes do quite like undressing myself and seeing my lover undress themselves.

"Mmmmm Jayne that looks fantastic," he said as I got down to my black bra, thong and lacy topped, hold up stockings.

He was removing his boxers as I slid my thong off and I was surprised to see the girth of his cock. It was thicker than any I had been with and momentarily I wondered whether I would be able to take it. He smiled as he saw where I was looking. "Don't worry I'll take it easy.

He was a considerate and adept lover. After we lay on the bed, he took me in his arms and squashed my breasts against his muscular, tight and hairy chest. That felt good as did the outline of his erection that seemed to be making an indentation into most of my stomach. He fondled my breasts and took my hand and pressed it on his cock. That made my heart pump a little faster for it really did feel great. He kissed my breasts and sucked my nipples as I stroked his back, his balls and his cock. He found my clit and expertly stimulated that and then slid his finger in me to give me my first orgasm.

"Good?"

"Oh yes," I grunted as those waves of lovely feelings washed over me.

He held me for some time, gently stroking my breasts and lightly pinching my nipples as I came down. He was spot on with his timing as when to start again and equally spot on with when to enter me.

"Maybe best to open your legs a little wider," he muttered as he pressed the awesome sized end of his condom covered cock against my lips. 

Fortunately I was very wet, and I guess this helped the relative monster slide pretty effortlessly in me. Once right up me he held his cock still presumably letting me get used to it. I did very quickly and it felt fucking marvellous. I felt so filled, almost to overflowing. Every part of me down there was being stimulated at the same time as he started to move slowly up and down me. 
