 Author’s Note: All characters are at least 18 years of age, so there.

CHAPTER 1: The Wheels on the Bus Go ‘Round and ‘Round

Shit, Megan Orr thought, it’s going to be a long day.

It was barely seven o’clock on a Saturday morning, and Megan was already on a school bus, heading across town to a swing choir competition at another of the city’s high schools. Megan’s group was scheduled to be the first to perform, at 8:30, and then they would have nothing to do for more than eight hours until the finalists were announced at five that afternoon. And, to make it worse, she’d been stuck sitting next to Peg Bachman, the perkiest bitch in her whole school. Well, except that even Peg didn’t look too perky this morning. Indeed, she looked positively miserable slouched down in the green vinyl seat, Mountain Dew in one hand, Red Bull in the other, and sunglasses shielding her slightly bloodshot eyes from even the first tentative rays of the morning sun. “Rough night, Peggy?” Megan couldn’t help but ask, though she did manage to keep most of the smirk off her face.

“You have no idea,” Peg replied. “I had to drink, like, seven beers before Josh figured I was drunk enough to fuck him--and then the little bastard barely got it in me before he came. I went home to finish the job myself, but as soon as I climbed into bed I fucking fell asleep, and didn’t wake up early to do anything about it this morning. Fuck, I’m horny--and this goddamn bus seat doesn’t make it any easier to deal with.”

“Tell me about it,” Megan said. Sitting in the back seat, they felt every little bump the bus went over, right near their most sensitive areas. Bus rides always made her horny for some reason--maybe, she supposed, it had something to do with giving her first handjob in the back seat of another bus, and discovering how much she enjoyed giving another person pleasure.

Peggy pushed her sunglasses down a couple of millimeters and looked at Megan. “How long has it been since you got laid, anyway, girl?”

“Too goddamn long,” Megan told her.

“Don’t tell me it’s been since you and Ben hooked up.”

“No, but almost that long.”

“Damn, that’s way too long.” As the bus turned a corner, the just-risen sun hit Peggy’s eyes, and she immediately shoved her sunglasses back up again. “Christ, it’s too early in the morning for this shit.” Peggy slouched down in the seat, trying to move her head below the window, and closed her eyes.

You’re goddamn right it’s too long, Megan said to herself. It had been six weeks since the hook-up with Ben that Peg had mentioned, and five since her last sexual encounter. The bus was still a long way from its destination, so she closed her eyes and let herself drift back…

Ben was probably the school’s best athlete, quarterback of the football team and captain of the basketball team. He was also one of those rare jocks who went out for choir as well, and had even gone so far as to make a deal with his coaches to let him skip two days of before-school workouts (by coming in early the other three days of the week) so he could go out for swing choir. And, to make matters worse, he was gorgeous. Naturally, all the girls in the swing choir were crushing on him big-time. Megan was certainly no exception to this rule--for one number at the fall concert, Megan had been his partner in the choreography. God, how wet I used to get dancing with him, she recalled. 

Six weeks before, Ben had been deeply depressed during the Tuesday morning practice. This was extremely unusual, so when she noticed that he was still depressed on Thursday, she decided to go over after practice and ask if anything was wrong.

“More like everything is wrong,” he’d replied. “I broke up with Sue over the weekend.”

Good for you, Megan thought, and almost said. Sue Johnson was the school’s head cheerleader, who pretty much considered it her mission in life to date the star quarterback. “Sorry to hear that,” was what she’d actually said.

“It’s probably for the best, anyway,” Ben said.

“Listen, the bell’s about to ring, so would you maybe want to--“ Shit! Megan screamed to herself, as the bell indeed rang before she could finish her sentence.

Some of the frustration must have shown on her face, because Ben actually smiled at her. “Stop by my locker before lunch, and ask me then,” he said before grabbing his books and leaving the auditorium.

She hadn’t actually had the chance to stop by his locker, though, because he’d found her at hers between third and fourth periods. “So, what were you wondering if I’d maybe want to do?” he asked.

“Um, I thought maybe you’d like to, um, get together and talk about what happened,” she managed to stutter, caught unprepared.

“That sounds good,” he said. “Listen, I hate to ask this, but could you pick me up? My folks are both out of town this weekend, and Dad’s car is in the shop, so he’s taking mine.”

Megan only nodded, not trusting herself to say anything else.

“See you about eight, then,” Ben had said before disappearing into the hallway crowd.

This is so fucking great! Megan had thought. Not only am I going out with the cutest guy in school, who’s on the rebound and hopefully ready for a rebound fling, but we don’t even have to try and find a place to do it, because his parents are gone! Megan’s parents had sent her to Catholic schools more for the high quality of the education she’d get there rather than out of any deep religious belief in the family, but right now Megan figured there had to be a God--and that, right now, he was pulling for her to get laid.

When Ben answered the doorbell Saturday night (which had been rung at exactly eight o’clock), he hadn’t seemed dressed to go out, unless--and the part of Megan that was dreading what could go wrong this evening quickly fleshed out an entire scenario--he was intending his outfit of sweatpants and ratty T-shirt to display for any of their classmates that this wasn’t actually a date. “I hope you don’t mind,” he’d said, “but I’m not sure if I’m up to going out tonight. You want to maybe just order a pizza or some Chinese and talk here?”

I’d rather just drop to my knees right here and yank those sweats down to your ankles, said another part of Megan, one that was coming through a lot louder and clearer. Sweet Jesus, is he wearing anything under those? “I wouldn’t mind a little Chinese at all,” she said, while the horny voice in her head added, I’ll have the Cream of Sumyungi.

After Ben had ordered the delivery, they’d sat and talked--about everything other than what Megan had assumed they’d been talking about, his breakup with Sue. By the time the food arrived, they’d pretty much exhausted school gossip, and so they ate in an increasingly awkward silence. As Ben left to put the leftovers in the fridge, Megan began summoning up all her courage. I am not going to let this opportunity go to waste, she told herself firmly. With that in mind, she unbuttoned two buttons of her blouse and gave her nipples a quick squeeze to make sure they were fully erect. The warm rush that squeeze produced gave her another idea, and she hiked her skirt up just long enough to rub her panties into her already moist pussy, making a sizeable wet spot on them that could be flashed at Ben when the time was right. She flipped her skirt most of the way back down--but not too far--just as Ben came in with a bottle in each hand. “Want a beer?” he asked.

“Sure.” Megan wasn’t much of a beer drinker, but she knew that if he came over to hand her the beer, he’d get a good look down her blouse. She pretended to be glued to whatever movie was playing on the TV, but out of the corner of her eye she could see Ben’s gaze linger over her exposed cleavage--and, more importantly, could see the reaction in his sweats. Oh, dear God, he isn’t wearing anything under there! “Thanks,” she told him. Let’s see how he likes this little number. Before Ben could move away, she stuck her tongue out and licked around the top of the bottle, then started sliding it in and out of her mouth. Ben’s cock twitched in his sweats again, and Megan began to realize that he was packing some serious hardware in there. As she took the bottle out of her mouth and set it on the coffee table in front of her, Ben snapped out of his daze and quickly retreated to his chair. She was disappointed when he crossed his legs and blocked the bulge in his sweats from her view. “So,” she asked, “what happened with you and Sue?”

”I, uh, don’t want to talk about it.”

“Oh,” she said, sounding disappointed. “I thought that was why you invited me over here.” This is it, she told herself, now or never. She uncrossed her legs and spread them ever-so-slightly, just enough to show the wet spot on her panties. “Or was there another reason you wanted me to come over?”

He stared up her skirt. “Well, uh, yeah, but I don’t think it’s such a good idea anymore.”

She spread her legs wider, and let her skirt ride up her thighs. “Why not?”

“I, uh, I think Sue and I are going to get back together.”

Shit! “What makes you think that?” she asked, drawing one finger down her thigh and resting her hand on her knee.

“We, uh, talked earlier.”

”But you’re not officially back together yet?” The finger went back up her thigh until it rested right over her clit.

“Well, not officially, I guess,” Ben said, a smile forming on his lips.

“Well, then, there’s nothing to keep you from doing what you had in mind when you asked me over, is there?” Slowly, she started moving her finger in little circles around her clit. Even through her panties, the sensation was intense, and she let out the sexiest moan she knew.

“I guess not,” he replied, the grin on his face officially going to “shit-eating” status.

“Thank God,” she whispered as he stood up and carefully slid his sweats down over his fully erect cock. Oh, yeah, thank God indeed! she thought as she drank in the size of it. That is officially the biggest one I’ve ever seen. I just hope I can take it... She used her other hand to pull her panties to the side, and slid a finger inside herself. On second thought, I don’t think it’ll be a problem. I don’t think I’ve ever been this wet...

Ben was trying to open a drawer in the coffee table without looking at it, his eyes still fixed between her legs. He finally got it open, rummaged around inside it, and came out with a condom. He opened it, and was about to start putting it on when she took her finger off her clit and waved it at him in a “no-no” gesture, then followed that with a “come here” gesture. Megan sat up and took the condom from him, and was about to roll it on when she realized there was something she wanted to do first.

Ben gasped when he felt her lips on the head of his cock, and then let out a long moan as she moved them down the shaft. She took as much in as she could, until she could feel the tip against the back of her throat, and held still for a long moment. “Please,” she heard him whisper, and decided to take pity on him. Megan started to blow him, moving her lips back until she felt the ridge behind his head, then quickly sliding them back down as far as she could. “Oh, fuck,” he moaned, and she would have smiled if her mouth hadn’t been full of him. It was only her second blowjob ever, but clearly he had no idea. All that time she’d spent studying oral sex scenes in her brother’s porno movies after her disastrous first experience was apparently paying off.

As it was only her second blowjob, it took her a little while to determine that there was a different taste to Ben’s cock. At first, she marked it up to different guys having different tastes, but the longer she sucked him, the more it seemed familiar somehow. When she finally realized why, the shock was so strong that she sprung back, letting his cock slide out of her mouth. She covered things by starting to put the condom on him, but she couldn’t believe what she’d just realized. Omigod! He tastes like... like me!

One night, several months ago, after sleeping with her then-boyfriend Charlie Sexton for the third (and last) time, she’d been lying in bed masturbating--as had, unfortunately, been all too common during their relationship. After her second orgasm, Megan had idly been contemplating the juices on the finger that she’d been slowly sliding in and out of her pussy, and then suddenly--surprising even herself--she brought it to her mouth. Not bad, she’d thought. Can’t imagine why Charlie wouldn’t have wanted a taste...

Now, she realized that the strange taste of Ben’s cock was that of someone’s pussy. He must have just slept with someone, and not had a chance to take a shower yet. Holy shit--it was probably Sue! That’s why he thinks they’re getting back together. Sure sounds “official” to me... For just a second, she wondered if this was a good idea. Megan didn’t care much for Sue, but that was no reason to screw around with her guy. Still, Ben had told her that they weren’t “officially” back together yet, which gave her something she remembered from American History class called “plausible deniability.” Besides, there is no way I’m leaving here without feeling that big cock stretching me out...

By now, the rubber was firmly seated on him, and she looked Ben straight in the eyes as she told him, “Come on, Ben, give it to me.”

“Are you, uh, sure you’re, uh, ready?” he asked sheepishly.

Poor guy, he must’ve had some trouble getting it into girls. Megan spread her lips apart with both hands, showing him just how wet she was. “God, yes, I’m ready,” she whispered sexily. “I am so wet and ready for that big cock...”

And that was all the encouragement he needed. Ben dropped to his knees and placed the head up against her entrance. She took him in both hands and guided him in, chanting “Ohgodohgodohgod” as she felt herself stretching around him. The next time somebody tries to tell me that size doesn’t matter, I am going to laugh right in their face. Fuck, this is good! “Come on,” she urged him, “give it to me. Give it to me!” 

From the smile on his face, Megan guessed that Sue didn’t talk that way to him. Good. I am going to give him a fuck that he’ll never forget. Ben started moving inside her, but far too slowly, another clue that he and Sue had some size issues. “Faster,” she moaned, “harder, faster. I can take it.” 

Ben didn’t need much urging, and soon he was slamming into harder than any other guy ever had. “That’s it, baby, fuck me,” she told him, loving the look on his face when he heard the “f” word. “You like it when I tell you to fuck me?” He nodded. “Tell me. Tell me how much you like it.”

“Oh, god, Megan, I love it.”

”You love what?”

“I love when you tell me to fuck you. Say it again.”

”Fuck me, Ben. Fuck me harder than you’ve ever fucked anybody before.”

“Oh, I will. I’ll fuck you harder than you’ve ever been fucked before.”

You already are, she thought, but didn’t tell him--if he was capable of fucking her harder, she wanted it. “Oh, yeah, it’s so good. You’re fucking me so good, Ben.” She moved a finger back to her clit. “You’re going to make me come,” she told him. “Oh, God, you’re going to make me come so hard. Fuck me, Ben. Fuck me until I come on your big cooooooooooooock!”

Megan came just as she started saying “cock,” a nice orgasm, but not the one she was really looking for. She noticed Ben had stopped moving. “Are you OK?” he asked.

“Oh, I’m more than OK,” she said with a grin, “I’m fucking great.”

He smiled back. “Can I ask you something?”

“Of course.”

”Do you like to do it, um, doggy-style?”

Megan felt a shiver run through her body, all the way down to her pussy, which squeezed down on Ben’s cock. “I fucking love it. Do you want to fuck me doggy-style, Ben?”

“God, yes,” he said, sliding slowly out of her.

She quickly got on her knees on the couch, grabbing the back of it firmly with both hands and laying her head down between them. “Then do it. Fuck me doggy-style.” Jesus, I’m talking like somebody in one of those pornos. I don’t think I’ve ever been this turned on. “Oh, fuuuuuck,” she groaned as he slid into her from behind. “Jesus, Ben, you’re filling me up even more this way. Your cock is so big, and it fills me up so good...”

Ben really went to town on her in this position, fucking her harder than she’d thought was possible. He had one hand firmly grabbing her ass, and she was surprised when she felt the other one reach around her legs and find her clit. “Holy shit,” she moaned. “Oh, fuck, that feels so good.” Sue’s really got him trained, Megan thought as she felt herself moving toward another orgasm. “God, Ben, you’re gonna make me come again. Oh, don’t stop, don’t STOOOOOOOOOOOP!” This orgasm was harder than the first, but still not the one she was looking for. “Don’tstopdon’tstopdon’tstop,” she begged as she felt the Big One building up. “FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!” The third time was definitely the charm, as the biggest orgasm she’d ever had with a guy hit her like a tidal wave.

As she came down, Megan slowly became aware that Ben was still pounding away at her. “Oh, fuck,” he whispered, “I’m so close, Megan. Oh, fuck, here it comes...”

Suddenly, she had an idea. “No,” she told him, and pulled away.

“But I’m wearing a--“

She cut him off as she spun around and sat in front of him again. “It’s not that,” she said, carefully peeling the condom off him. “I just want you to come in my mouth.”

The confused look on his face was instantly replaced with relief--and then relief was replaced by lust as she took him all the way into her mouth again. Oh, fuck, it worked. I can taste myself on him--and it’s fucking delicious!

After everything he’d been through that evening, it only took a few seconds for Ben to give her what she wanted. The taste of his come and her pussy combined was everything she’d hoped it would be. Ben fell to his knees, then laid back on the carpet, and she followed him, making sure she’d gotten every last drop of come out of his cock--and every last drop of her juice off of it.

She wasn’t sure how long they just laid there together before he spoke. “Listen, uh, Megan...” he started.

She put a finger to his lips. “Shhhhh. You don’t have to say it. If you and Sue get back together, that’s fine. If you don’t--well, maybe we can do this again someday.” She smiled at him, stood up, and started for the door.

Ben called after her. “Um, Megan? You forgot something...”

She turned around, and saw him holding her panties. “It’s OK, she said with a grin, “you can keep ‘em.” She flipped her skirt up, giving him a quick glimpse of her still-wet pussy, then left.

God, that was a hot fuck, Megan thought as she slowly came back to the present. But I never would have thought it would lead to a hotter one...

END CHAPTER 1