 We walked in and, I was, as usual, in awe of the place. Chameleon's was our local swingers club, fetish club, call it what you will, but it was our little secret. And a dirty one at that. We had been here several times before, but always I played the submissive, doing what I was told and being fucked hard. Tonight, however, I was in full blown switch mode. And Pete had no idea. I could feel the grin making its way across my face, and had to check myself to quell it.

We made our way to the changing rooms, and I slipped off my dress, revealing my brand new underwear. I could feel Pete's eyes burning into my skin, and he snuck up behind me, wrapping his arms around my waist.

"Ready baby?"

I nodded, "Cigarette first?"

"Come." He grabbed my hand and we made our way outside. It was pleasantly warm and for a change I didn't need one of the provided dressing gowns. The weather had given me an idea, but I stowed it for a while, wanting to see where the evening would take us. Pete pulled me outside, and I followed quietly, taking in all the sights and sounds. As usual, the club was full of characters. People fucking everywhere you turned, everywhere you looked. It was so erotic.

We sat down on one of the benches outside in the smoking area, and proceeded to smoke to our hearts content, chatting away to a few other couples there.

During a lull in the conversation, I leaned over and whispered in pete's ear.

"Your Mistress would like a drink boy." Pete's eyebrows raised infinitesimally. He turned to me slowly, a twinkle in his eyes. He knew I wanted to play.

"Then I suppose we had better get my Mistress a drink hadn't we?"

I grasped his hand in mine, and all but dragged him to the bar. I gulped down my wine as fast as I could, and shocking pete slightly, I proceeded to take charge and pulled him towards one of the private rooms.

Once ensconced, I locked the door and stalked towards him.

"You've been a very, very bad boy, you know that right?"

He nodded. "Yes Miss, I am sorry Mistress. Let me make it up to you?"

"Oh you are going to more than make it up to me boy. Lie down on the bed." I ordered.

Pete did as I bid, and lay down on the large bed. I crawled slowly up his body, brushing up against him at every opportunity. He was rock hard, I think he had been from the minute I made my wishes clear. I was looking forward to fucking his brains out, but first I had to tease him, and punish him. Earlier that day he had embarrassed me terribly in front of his parents, he deserved any punishment I doled out tonight, and more.

I was lying ontop of him now, chest to chest. Without him realising I had removed my knickers. I leant down, and biting his earlobe I whispered my instructions to him.

"I want your tongue boy, I want it till I orgasm all over it and you are lapping up my cum. Understand?"

"Yes Miss."

Pete's hands went around my waist, as he tried to hoist me off him, and presumably lay me on my back so he could gain access to my clit. I wrapped my fingers around his strong hands and shook my head. Moving further up his body, I reached my goal and lowered my pussy on to his face. Pete groaned underneath me, and I knew he was enjoying it as I could feel his fingers tighten around my thighs. Reaching back I grasped at his cock, testing his hardness and heard him emit another loud moan.

Grinding my pussy against his lips I threw my head back. This was incredible! Why did we not do this before? He had always asked, I think it was the ultimate debasement me sitting on his face, but I had always refused, knowing I was too body conscious.

His tongue flicked out furiously, one minute striking against my sensitive nub, the next sucking it into his mouth. I couldn't help the cried escaping from my lips. I could feel my orgasm building and knew it was going to be a huge one. Not wanting to loose control during said orgasm, I tried to wriggle off his face. Petes fingers tightened painfully around my thighs, holding me firmly in place. I struggled half heartedly, but let him pin me to his face. I would think up some sort of punishment for him later for this misdemeanour. I ground my clit against his tongue, which was working furiously. Before I could even get used to the idea, my orgasm crashed over me. Wave after wave of bliss cocooning my body, heat bloomed across my face. As I came down I tried to pull away from him, but he still kept me pinned, lapping at the juices I had produced.

"Enough!" I cried. I had become incredibly sensitive. I pulled myself from him, and lay on the bed panting.

"Did my Mistress enjoy that?"

I nodded, then remembered myself. "You are in serious trouble now, you realise that don't you?"

He looked properly chastised. "I'm sorry Mistress, forgive me please? I will make it up to you."

"I know you will baby, I know." I got on my knees, waving my ass in the air. "Now get over here and fuck me. Hard."

"Yes Miss." Pete said, his eyes lighting up. He pulled up behind me, hands grabbing my hips, and slowly slid his considerable length inside me. I moaned in appreciation. I felt his fingers tighten almost painfully on my hips, his nails digging in to the sensitive skin. Oh so slowly, he pushed into me, until he was buried deep inside me, and then he pulled out just as slow.

I growled in frustration. "I said Fuck me for gods sake, now do it!"

I heard him moan, as he started to fuck me in earnest. What he did not know was I was not planning on letting him orgasm.

"Don't you dare cum until I say so, do you understand?"

"Yes Mistress." He said, gritting his teeth audibly. I felt him tighten his grip as he fucked me hard, deeper than he ever had before. It was oh so deliciously painful. As he hit my cervix I felt the orgasm wash over me, and everything tightened up. Pete groaned, he must have felt my pussy clench.

"Please can I cum Mistress?"

"No baby, not yet."

He moaned loud and slowed down.

"Don't slow down boy, I told you to fuck me hard didn't I?"

"Yes Miss." He groaned, frustration and tension bubbling under the surface.

"Good boy." I could feel another orgasm building, and my fingers grasped for something to hold. It was circumspect, the bed was leather. My orgasm rushed over me, heating the blood in my veins. Flushing my skin. Tightening my pussy. Pete slowed down slightly as I came back to earth. He sped up again, obviously not keen on experiencing my wrath, but I could tell he was finding it difficult not to blow his load inside me. His legs had tensed, in fact, his whole body had gone tense. He was grinding his teeth, and his breathing had become shallow and laboured. I knew he was close, actually, he was way past that point.

"Can I cum Mistress?" He ground out, still fucking me hard.

"No."

"But I don't think I can hold it."

"Yes you can baby, for me you can."

"Okay Mistress, I will try."

"Good boy. That's all I ask."

His cock pulsed inside me, ready and eager to explode. "Now fuck me harder Pete."

His movements became fast and jerky. I felt his whole body tense up behind me. Pete moaned loudly.

"Don't you dare cum boy."

"I. Can't. Help. It." I yanked away suddenly, the emptiness was terrible, but I wasn't going to let him cum inside me, not yet. He didn't deserve it. Pete cried out, loudly and I felt his seed splatter over my ass and back. I smiled to myself. Perfect, I thought. Just the excuse I needed to punish him.

"Oh god. I'm so sorry Mistress. I couldn't stop."

"Clean me up." I growled. He reached for the tissues on the side of the bed, and I let him. It was to early for me to force him to clean me up with his tongue. I wasn't feeling that sadistic. Yet.

I rolled onto my back, and grinned saucily up at him. He stood at the foot of the bed, looking properly gutted.

"Well well well." I laughed "Who's been a naughty boy then. Cumming without his mistress's permission. You know what that means don't you?"

"Yes Miss. It means you are going to punish me." He quailed slightly.

"Yes. Yes it does. But not yet baby. Come." I held out my hand to him and he took it. I led him from the room, towards the hot tub.

***
There were already about six other couples in the hot tub, but it was big enough that we could squeeze in a place to sit. Of course it didn't hurt that the only open space was next to a couple where the woman was quietly riding her husband, which didn't bother us or the other couples goofing around in the tub at all.

I made pete sit on the side of the hot tub, his rapidly growing member pointing towards the twinkling fairy lights set in the ceiling. I stayed low in the water, so I could look up at him and started gently playing with his cock. I worked my way up and down the shaft with my tongue. I looked him straight in the eye, giving a lustful look, and taking the head into my mouth, I started working up and down.

Watching all of the action around us got me so turned on and worked up, I got pete to sink back into the water, and moving over I sat directly on his lap. I straddled pete's legs and now erect cock while looking forward at the action in front of us. My tits half-floated, half-bobbed at the water line of the hot tub. A little time, grinding, and repositioning, and I had fully mounted his now freshly rock hard cock.

I wrapped my arms around his neck, and started bouncing up and down. He pulled me forwards and nipped my ear.

"Am I allowed to cum this time Zoe, or do I need your permission?"

I grinned. Switch was back. "You are in charge now Pete. So it is totally upto you."

"Good. Maybe, I've been thinking, and maybe I am not going to let you cum this time baby."

He ground into my pussy hard as he spoke, every word punctuated with a thrust. I moaned loudly, and noticed the others in the hot tub watching us. Fuck was it hot.

"You wouldn't do that to me." I searched his blue eyes. He raised an eyebrow.

"Want to bet princess?" Fuck. My eyes rolled back into my head as his continued punishment fuck went on. His fingernails digging into my waist, his tongue now on my breast. I was seriously screwed here. There was no way I could hold off an orgasm. And the bastard bloody well knew that. Especially as his fingers had made their way down to my clit and were furiously rubbing it. Fuck.

And I knew that any punishment I could dole out to him, his would be marginally better than mine. Substantially crueller and much more sadistic.