 My wife and I have been friends with Alison for about ten years. We have spent a lot of time with her and my wife considers Alison one of her best friends. Alison is a woman that attracts a great deal of attention. She has long blonde curly hair stands six feet tall and has a wonderful body. Despite her being 36, she stays in great shape and competes regularly in triathlons.

On Friday my wife and Alison were going to a fundraising event in Seattle and were going to be gone most of the afternoon and evening. I was working until noon and was then expected home to watch our child until my wife returned. Since I was coming home from work I was still in my firefighter uniform and walked into the house. The sight before me was outstanding. My wife was wearing tight dress pants and a fitted top with an open neck. Her large tits looked fantastic and her ass was looking tight. Next to her was Alison. She looked just as good but more sexy. Her top was a standard jacket but it was what was below the waist that interested me. Her skirt was about knee length and tight. Underneath she was wearing black nylons and black leather boots that went mid calf. The toes of the boots were pointed and the heels were about three inches. It was so hot that I thought it was a little over the top for a fundraiser. 

As I walked in, Alison looked at me and said, "Wow, I need to stop by the fire station some day to get a picture of you." I thought it was a bit of a forward comment considering my wife was standing right there, but I certainly did not mind. I responded by commenting on the boots she was wearing and how great they both looked. 

Fortunately they stuck around for awhile and I was able to get a few long looks at Alison and her sexy boots and ass. The comment she made when I walked in kept coming back into my mind and gave me some great thoughts.

Eventually they left and I was stuck with a fantasy of our friend. 

After my child went to nap I puttered around the house with the vision of Alison in my head. The comment she made and the incredibly sexy outfit she was wearing was enough to keep me less than focused on what I was trying to do.

About three hours after they left and 20 minutes after nap time, Alison was knocking on the door.

"What are you doing back?"

"I need to get home and thought I would change here before heading home."

"No problem. Is my wife on the way back?"

"No, the event is only about half way done and she will be a few more hours."

My mind went into overdrive as I thought of the possibilities. However, understanding Alison's relationship with my wife I figured there was no chance of having any luck.

She asked where she could change and I suggested upstairs in our bathroom. She picked up her bag and headed upstairs with me following close behind. The view was fantastic. Her long legs and tight ass were right in front of me and I could hardly think. 

"Should I go in here?" she asked.

"Yea, that is fine."

I did not want to leave the room too quick so I figured a little more conversation may be good. 

"Why are you changing?'

"I have a dinner date tonight and do not want to be overdressed. Why do you ask?"

In my mind the response was obvious and I was hoping she was catching onto the game I was playing.

"Well, that is quite a great outfit and it seems a shame to have it on for such a short time."

"Really, what do you like about it besides the boots?"

"The boots are obviously the key, but that skirt fits you quite well."

Like any normal woman her response was scripted.

"I think it makes my ass look fat."

"Alison, your ass is far from fat. That skirt makes it look great, actually it always looks great."

My cock was really getting hard now and her eyes glanced down a couple times. She could clearly see that watching her and the conversation were getting me excited.

"I am still going to change." She paused, "Do you want to watch?"

Now there are some quality rhetorical questions, but this had to be the best one I had heard. She was in the bathroom and I made my way into the bathroom from the bedroom and leaned against the wall.

"Hell yea!"

She responded in a quiet and sexy voice. "Good, I was hoping you would say that."

With that she took her jacket off and revealed her black tank top covering her c cup tits. She put the jacket on the floor and was about to take off her boots when she looked me in the eye and asked me to tell her how to strip.

"First, the skirt." I said.

She unhooked the skirt and turned her back towards me letting it fall slowly to the floor. Her nylons were covering her ass and I couldn't wait to see her ass uncovered. 

"What next?"

"The tank top."

She pulled the tank over her heard and her tits looked even better than I imagined in a black lace bra. 

"What now?" Her voice was becoming softer and even more sensual. 

"The boots."

She lifted her left leg up on the edge of the bathtub and slowly unzipped the side. Her eyes never left mine and she started smiling a sexy smirk. Once the zipper was down she pulled her leg out and did the same with her right boot. She turned to face me. Before she could ask again I told her to take off her bra and then the rest.

She unclasped her bra and slowly, painfully slowly, pulled it off her shoulders and let it drop. It fell to the ground but I have no idea where it landed. My eyes were glued to her tits and her hard nipples. She played with her tits and tweaked her nipples for me then pulled off her nylons. At this point I was able to check out her incredible body in all its glory. Before she pulled off her small panties she said, "This is not really fair. You have all your clothes on. I want you down to your underwear."

Who was I to argue? I pulled off my shirt and pants and left my boxers on. My cock was sticking straight up and the head was peeking through the waistband.

She pulled off her panties as I pulled off my boxers. I walked over to her and we pulled each other so close. Our mouths met and we were kissing like two people with an immense amount of pent up lust. My hands pawed her ass and she pulled my head closer yet to her mouth. I worked my way to her neck and she threw her head back, encouraging me with her moans of pleasure.

"Rick, I have wanted this for so long."

"Me too" I replied as I pushed her towards the wall. Once she had her back against the wall I started sucking her tits and running my hands down the back of her legs. I sucked the nipples and ran my hand between her legs. I took my index finger and pushed it easily into her soaking pussy. As I kissed down her body I spread her legs and started licking her pussy and sucking her clit.

"Take me to the bed."

I responded by standing up, kissing her on the lips and pushing her towards the bed. At the side of the bed I turned her towards me and gently pushed her down. I was not done with her pussy yet and kneeled on the floor as I devoured her wet hole. 

After a minute I climbed onto the bed and pushed her across so she was totally lying on the bed. I lay next to her and she immediately grabbed my cock and pushed me onto my back. She kissed her way down my body until she was right at my cock. She spread my legs and sucked my balls and then put my hard cock into her wet hot mouth. Her cock sucking skills were incredible. She went up and down slowly at first using her sucking skills to increase the sensation. Every now and then she would lightly drag her teeth across my cock, the whole time using her hands to play with my balls. I told her I was ready to cum but she kept going. As she increased the pace she squeezed by balls and I blew my load into her mouth. Even after I was done she kept sucking. The feeling was incredible. She kept sucking and playing with me. My cock got hard again quickly.

She kissed her way up my body but she kept her hand on my cock, stroking me slowly, squeezing hard. 

"I want you to do me from behind."

I was happy to oblige my dear friend. She rose up on all fours as I positioned behind her. She reached for my cock and guided it in. I started out slowly but she wanted nothing slow. 

"Faster, fuck me already!"

The view was incredible. Her tight ass and perfectly formed back with her dark curly hair falling to the sides. As I fucked her I played with her tits. I brought one hand down to play with her clit but found the area already occupied by her hand. Slamming her hard now, I grabbed her hips and gave her everything I had. She started moaning louder.

"Rick, fuck me...fuck me...harder."

She squeezed my cock tight with her pussy. She was furiously rubbing her clit as my fingers dug into her hips. My balls boiled over and I came hard inside of her sending her over the edge. I pulled out slowly, rolling her over onto her back. I lay next to her and pulled her close to me. No words were said.