 This is a work of fiction with no reference to anyone in particular. If you are under 18 please do not read this story. Please do not read this story if you are offended by explicit literary works. Please email me for feedback.

*

Jake Gregor sighed as he looked outside his cabin window in the Swiss Alps. It was snowing. which meant that he was going to be stuck there longer than he anticipated. Not that he minded, of course, but it was just a nuisance to have to deal with his company as to why he missed a few days. His cabin was a beautiful getaway built specifically in a more modern, yet classy sort of way as well. It had all of the advantages of any modern home, but it still looked a little aged, with a little more emphasis on an outdoors woodsman sort of look. Inside, he had a living room with an elegant fireplace and thick, soft carpeting, which was attached to a kitchen, modest in size but still homely nevertheless. Next to the living room was a hallway (lined with various paintings of the Swiss Alps) which led to the bathroom which had a big, built-in jacuzzi inside with beautiful marble tiled floors. Backing up, there was a staircase going up on the right side before the bathroom door which led up to the master bedroom which was looking over the living room with a beautiful hand carved banister. Small, yet cozy.

Jake also had to deal with Anna Smolt, his fellow co-worker. She was here with him because she accompanied him on a business meeting which took place in Lucerne to finalize a deal with his European counterparts on the a project that their companies were working on. After they finished, he and Anna came back to his retreat an hour away to discuss the meeting and such. Anna was 5'2", a young, sexy, voluptuous brunette with an amazing body, and her breasts was a 36D, which was even more noticeable due to her slim figure. She had a cute ass which was bubbly and round which was more clearly pronounced whenever she walked or bent over. To top that off, she seemed to always walk in more provocative clothing.

But they got a little carried away with time and now they would be stuck in his cabin due to his negligent mistake of not checking to see if the weather would remain clear.

Jake turned away from the window and walked back to Anna who was seated by the kitchen counter pouring over a bunch of important papers from the meeting. He cleared his throat and Anna looked up. She had big, wide, innocent blue eyes and a lovely smile which always made his stomach flutter, but went away as he began to speak.

"Anna, we might have a small problem," Jake began,"We might be stuck here longer than we originally intended."

"Why, what's wrong," she asked before looking outside,"Oh...oh my. What are we going to do?"

"Well, there not much we can do now. We should probably call the company and let them know we are going to be a few days late-"

"A few DAYS? Oh my gosh, Jake, you can't be serious-"

"I wish I wasn't Anna, but I've been in these storms before and I know it takes a while for the weather to be suitable enough for us to go back to the airport."

Anna closed the folder she was reading and quickly went to the nearest window, looking outside for a few minutes, looking scared. Jake went over to her and put his arm on her shoulder in a reassuring sort of way.

"Listen Anna, I know it's annoying but you don't have to worry. I have a generator and a backup generator for this cabin so we'll have power throughout this storm. Also," Jake said in a comforting voice as he placed his arm around her shoulder,"we don't have to worry about food because I have stocked up to last for a few months, if necessary. But don't worry about it."

Anna nervously looked up at his face, feeling his arm around her shoulder which gave her a measure of comfort. She took a deep breath before speaking again.

"Ok, it's just that...oh I'm so embarrassed...I'm just a little afraid of being in a storm alone, t-that's all," she stuttered, turning red as she turned her face away from him. Jake saw her blush, and turned her around and looked down at her shy face and gave her a friendly hug. She held onto the hug, with a few tears around her eyes as she looked up and whispered," Thank you."

He then wiped away a tear from her face and then told her," Listen, Anna, why don't you go and take a nice, hot dip in my jacuzzi to help you relax. It's been a long day, and we've got a long weekend ahead of us. So let's at least try to enjoy it."

"Uhh...ok Jake...uhh, thank you for being so considerate," Anna sputtered, her face turning red. She quickly turned and went down the hallway and disappeared into the bathroom, the door making a little click noise as it closed.

Jake went back to the kitchen table and organized the papers into a neat file before putting them back into their folder. After he put away the folders into his bag, he went to the kitchen to grab a bite to eat. As he was about to put away the dirty dishes, he heard a loud, resounding crash from outside, and instantly the cabin was plunged into darkness, save for the fireplace. At that moment, he heard Anna, shrieking from the bathroom. He quickly got up and, using his phone light, swiftly went down the hall and called out, "Anna! Are you ok in there?"

She cried out, "No, I was just getting out of the jacuzzi when we lost the power and I lost my balance and twisted my ankle."

Jake quickly opened the door and saw Anna sprawled out on the floor nude holding her ankle, tears in her eyes. He quickly knelt down and said, "Let me get you to the living room where I can see your ankle better," and scooped her wet, hot body in his arms and carried her to the couch by the fire. He placed her down and had a look at her ankle and pressed his fingers into it gently.

"Ow!" She cried out, a tear coming down her face, as he gently massaged the area and looked up at her. He then realized that she had a truly amazing body, from her long legs to her full breasts. He noticed she had shaved her pussy hair into a 'v' shape. She then looked down at him and noticed him looking her over. He saw her looking at him, and quickly took the blanket draped over the side of the couch and placed it on her sexy body, leaving her lower legs exposed. Jake's face turned red as he muttered a sorry as he went and got an ice pack for her ankle.

"I don't know why the backup generator didn't go on yet," Jake said apologetically as her shook up the compress.

Anna looked up at him after he placed the ice pack on her ankle and asked him quietly, "Jake? Can I ask you something?"

He looked up back at her and replied in a bashful way, "Anna, I'm so sorry I took you out of the bathroom naked and I didn't cover you up for a-"

"No, Jake, it's alright, I understand, that's not what I wanted to ask you about."

"Oh...um, sure, I guess," Jake replied feeling awkward and stupid for his ramble.

"Come closer Jake."

Jake came close to her face, wondering what she wanted to ask him. Anna looked up at him and whispered, "Do you like my body?"

Jake's jaw dropped as he thought he heard incorrectly but Anna was staring at him the same as before. "Do I like your body?" Jake asked her, making sure he heard her correctly.

"Yes, that's what I asked. Do you?"

He looked away from her face, turning red as he replied, "Yes, you have a gorgeous body Anna, why do you ask?" Jake was dumbfounded by this point. She replied by reaching out and pulling his head down and kissing him passionately. She pulled him on top of her as she deepened the kiss. After a few minutes, she released him and removed the blanket, revealing her amazing body in the firelight.

"Jake, I want you so badly. Please, I need you now. I need you," she said in a begging manner as she pushed Jake off of him, and unzipped his pants, pulling them down, and revealing his bulging cock through his boxers. She moaned as she reached out and grasped his member through the material, and let out a purr of content on what she felt. She squeezed it a little, and then pulled down his boxers revealing his thick 8" cock. Her eyes widened, and then her lips curled into that cute smile that she always had whenever he saw her at the office. "It's so big," she said quietly, just before slowly taking it into her mouth.

Now, Jake has always been modest about his size, not using it as a marketing tool for women, but having Anna compliment him on it in a very sexy way made his member go rock solid. He closed his eyes and slightly moaned as she expertly worked his cock in her small mouth. She surprised him by deep throating him and doing some sort of vibration thing with her throat that it almost made him cum right then and there, but he barely held it in. He placed his hands in her hair, gently wrapping it around his fingers as he slowly started to press her head down lower on his shaft. She moaned in delight, loving his cock as she swirled her tongue around the tip of his head.

He grunted a little bit and Anna slowed down the pace, not wanting him to cum too soon. She then released him and he quickly stripped the rest of his clothing. Jake then climbing on top of her, french-kissing her while his hands roamed her body freely, taking both of her big breasts in his hands and squeezing them while his hard cock pressed up against her thigh. He then pinched her nipple, making her squeal in delight, and then broke off their kiss and began to slowly kiss his way down, kissing and licking her neck. She moaned loudly now, grabbing his hair with her hands as her mouth was open slightly, eyes closed. He then teasingly licked his way down to her breasts and began to make swirls around her nipple but without actually touching it, and then would switch to the other breast, making her pant harder. She moaned and begged him to lick her there, but he continued his little game. He pinched her nipples hard and licked his in a snaking manner as she continued to beg him to stop teasing. He finally listened to her after many minutes of tongue teasing and then clamped his mouth down on her left nipple, gently sucking at it, making her moan louder. He then reached down with his right hand and began rubbing her already moist pussy as her mouth opened up wider. He then alternated breasts and continued to suck on her nipple with it gently rolling around his teeth, driving her wild as she pressed his head down against her tits. His fingers gently probed her pussy as his index finger was rubbing her clit, feeling her increasing wetness as he continued to pleasure her. He then slowly continued his way down with his mouth and kissed his way down her sexy frame, placing small, gently kisses as he descended. He reached her belly and swirled his tongue around there for a moment before going even closer to her moist cunt.

Jake then teasingly licked his way around her mound and to her thighs, using a mixture of kisses and licks as he made a clockwise circle around her nether region. She was panting heavily now, begging him to eat her out, to lick up her sweet nectar. He smiled and continued his teasing as poked his tongue at her clit and then quickly pulled it away as her body arched and her pussy reaching up for more of his tongue. She whimpered now as he continued this game, and he gave in a little and started to lap up at her clit as he fingered her gently. She moaned and smiled with satisfaction as she looked down into his eyes, and his hers. He then pulled his fingers out and then dived his tongue as deep as he could into her soaking pussy, licking to and fro. She screamed as her bach archer and her mouth formed and 'O' as she came right then and there. He licked it up and continued to eat her out. She grabbed his head and pushed it down, loving his tongue in her sensitive pussy, as her reached up and grabbed her right breast, while she grabbed her other, pinching her own nipple hard. He licked hard for a few minutes and he could tell that she was getting close to another one and then picked up the tempo. She cried out in ecstasy as she came hard into his filling mouth and he lapped up her sweet nectar once more. Panting hard, she looked down at him and said in a lust-ridden voice, "Fuck me Jake."

Jake complied as he then got up from her mound and then placed his huge throbbing cock near her soaked entrance. He poked a little bit and then slammed his huge member into her tight, soaked cunt. She cried out in pleasure as her back arched and then she pulled him down kissing him wildly as he began to pound her mound. She wrapped his arms around him and lifted her pussy up, allowing his cock to penetrate more deeply. He was soon doing really fast and furious thrusts, making her scream louder, as she then flipped them over so she was on top, ignoring her ankle. She then placed her hands on his chest as she slowly started to ride him, her eyes closed and she began thrusting her hips like a cowgirl as she rode his huge cock. He moaned as he felt her tight pussy riding his cock, placing his hands on her hips as she leaned back, her breasts bouncing fiercely. His eyes rolled to the back off his head in ecstasy.

He felt himself getting close as he panted, "I'm almost there Anna." She looked down at him, smiling, and said back, "Cum in me."

Jake felt her riding harder on him as he reached up and grabbed her breasts. She held his hands there, smiling, and continued to ride him. He felt his sperm coming up as he yelled, "I'm cumming!" and then squirted hard into her pussy, his cock gushing with cum as he filled her up. Anna screamed to and he felt her pussy tighten as she came for a third time, the mixture of juices dripping down her leg and onto his. She then collapsed on top of his, kissing him gently, as she then turned them both to their sides, making out. She broke the kiss and looked up at him, saying, "Jake, that was incredible."

"You were amazing too Anna. I'm speechless." She laughed and gave him another kiss before speaking, "It's too bad the other generator isn't working. Otherwise, I would share a shower with you."

Just then they heard a rumbling noise and the power came back on in the cabin, the lights flickering on as they both looked at each other with an incredulous look on their faces.

Jason kissed Anna softly and then said in a husky voice, "I think we can now have that shower."