 We had been running round the court playing football for the last hour, my legs are burning when we finally call it a day, the other lads wandering off to the showers and change whilst I put the equipment back, we have played together every Wednesday afternoon for several weeks. As I finally begin to head to the changing rooms I notice you have disappeared from behind the desk, I normally enjoy seeing you sit there always smiling but today you are gone. A pity, I head into the changing room and begin to strip off.

As I head into the showers I hear a lock click behind me, I turn round and freeze wondering who is in the room with me... after hearing nothing more I figure it must have been my imagination, I head into the shower. I am halfway through washing myself down when the door opens; through the clouds of steam I can see a slim figure come towards me.

I stare almost in shock you stand before me, I have watched you week after week and all of a sudden you are stood naked before me with the water trickling down over your beautiful curves. "What ....?" You reach over and press a finger against my lips pressing your body close to mine and pushing my back against the wall.

You slowly kiss me and I moan softly into your mouth feeling the heat of your body against me. You slowly begin kissing down my neck and over my chest, slowly falling to your knees.

My shaft has already swelled to unheard of lengths and girth yet when you begin kissing along its length I can feel the blood filling it, making it grow even more ... finally your lips spread slowly around the head of my shaft and begin sliding down the full length.

I groan as your skilled tongue slides over the underside of my cock, you keep going, till all of my shaft is in your mouth, something most women cannot manage, I groan in pleasure as I feel my shaft in your throat, you begin to suck and using your hands to play with my balls you work my cock over, in and own, your saliva mixing with the water running over our bodies from the shower.

I start bucking my hips, as you hold onto me, sucking my hard rod like your life depended on it, your tongue sliding under and round as you massage my full length with your mouth ... I groan... you feel so good, suddenly I pull out and grabbing you I lie you down on the shower floor, the soft warm water raining down on out bodies as I move my mouth between your legs.

I slowly trace my tongue over your soaking slit, its shaved and I can feel every line of your soft pussy as I lick the outside gently. I slowly press my face in more and extend my tongue sending it into your body, flicking it over your clit as your body jerks of the floor. You cry out as I capture that hard little button between my lips, circling it with my tongue again and again, making you shiver and moan softly.

I flick my tongue over and over it till you are nothing but a quaking wreck on the floor, your juices constantly flowing over my lips.... I pull back and lifting you I spin you, resting you against the wall as the water beats down on us... I slowly drop you onto my shaft. My hard cock spearing into your soaking pussy.

As I slowly slide my full length deep into you I can hear you bite back a moan as my shaft fills you, stretching you wide open, your teeth grazing on my neck as I slowly begin lifting your slim form up and down on my shaft, slowly filling you over and over till finally you can't hold back the moans anymore and they echo round the room.

I let you slide off my cock and hold you as you fall to the floor, though you have cum several times you are still on the way to your big finish, smaller orgasms setting up for the big one.... I move you onto your hands and knees and slip behind you.... in one swift move I am fucking you doggystyle, from behind, my cock firmly embedded into your pussy, plunging in and out at a rapid pace.

I fuck you hard fast and brutally, my cock pounding in and out of your wet hole, with every thrust a short scream and with every withdraw a loud moan. My shaft, slick with your juices ploughs inside of you, making your breasts shake under you with the force of my thrusts, the pleasure is too much and soon your head is on your hands flat against the floor as I fuck you, grunting with the effort of hammering away at you this hard.

My body is tensed as I finally feel you hit your top peak, your scream rattles round the shower room, your juices filling your tightly clamped pussy as the spasms set me off inside you ... I cry out as I begin to send blast after blast of my hot pearly cum into your waiting womb. I groan softly as I pull out, my cum spraying onto the perfect globes of your ass, my body shaking as we collapse side by side, the hot water still falling on our trembling bodies. 

Slowly as we get to our feet we hear someone try the door...