 "Ugh! Look at what she did Jackson! This is all your fault!" I could hardly believe the nerve of the immature rogue.

"Well James, it probably wouldn't have happened if you hadn't interrupted." 

"Oh I am so sincerely sorry that you couldn't fuck your trashy girlfriend. Has she been tested for STD's? You might want to take her to the pound. They're good at treating disgusting animals." I spat out angrily. 

Annoyed with the whole situation and reeking of alcohol from the vodka swizzler that had been spilled down my shirt, I rolled my eyes, and left the half dressed nymphomaniac to try and patch things up with his soon-to-be-ex whore of the week. I tried my best to ignore his growl of anger in my general direction.

I, Maggie James, was thoroughly regretting attending this party, to which I had graciously accepted an invitation.

Had I known I would interrupt my oh-so-favorite Tim Jackson trying to get laid, and in the process get soaked with vodka by his incredibly drunk... whatever she was, I would not have come.

This year was supposed to be my year. I'm a senior in high school, and I was going to enjoy life, party with my friends, and get into a good college. So far, all that was going according to plan, but he had to mess it up. He and I did not get along. Plain and simple. He was in all of my classes! How is that possible?

Tim Jackson. The very name makes me want to listen to nails on a chalkboard—for relief. We grew up fighting. He went to private school for a year last year, and now? He's back and still using women as efficiently as ever. For many of his conquests, it was their third or fourth time as his "girlfriend". 

The man is attractive, I will allow him that. He plays football and basketball and works out in the off seasons. At six-foot-three, he subtly towered above my own five-foot-seven frame. His reddish brown hair was cut short to appease his coaches' wishes for a clean cut team. His brown eyes were smoldering in contrast to his soft cheek bones that were dusted with freckles. His jaw line and nose showed his manly persona in their angular shape. He was devastatingly handsome, but somehow his arrogant character cut through that every time he opened his mouth. He knew that he couldn't make me give in with only a flash of his signature charming smile. Even though I hated him, and was in constant awe at his level of conceit, his smiles did make my knees go weak. That secret will follow me to the grave.

Knowing my parents would understand, seeing as I was sober, I huffed out to my car, got in, and headed home. Smiling to myself, I remembered that tomorrow was an early morning at school. The amount of people I could "pity" for having hangovers was innumerable. --

I let out a low growl of frustration as I watched Maggie James stalk off. The curvaceous redhead was the cause of all my problems lately.

That bitch.

I was supposed to get laid tonight, but due to the drunken whines coming out of Tiffany's mouth, that would not happen. 

Her ear splitting drivel pierced the air: "Your... you... don't l-love me! I, you, all you w-wanted was s-s-sex." She followed this profound statement by an Ethel Merman-esque, absurdly nasally sob.

"Please. Leave. You know I don't love you, you hooked up with me for sex, and you know it's true." With that I pushed her out into the hall right into the arms of some kid I had never seen before. That's unfortunate. She was hot. Tiffany is a typical high school Barbie Doll, and I had been looking forward to having my way with her. I was also, unfortunately, raised well by mother and knew never to take advantage of a drunk girl. I myself was not drunk because I find the hobby of drinking to be useless. Her awful whining had completely destroyed the stiffening I had started to feel in my cock due to our foreplay.

Had Maggie seen it during our argument I would never have heard the end of it. Maggie was a thorn in my side. She was an incredibly attractive thorn, but a thorn nonetheless. Her average height was complimented by the sheer amount of her. She was by no means fat, just incredibly curvy. Her hips were wide and womanly, and her breasts would fit perfectly in my hands. As I thought about Maggie's lush flesh I could feel the tightness returning to the front of my jeans. Regrettably, she had a mouth too. Though her mouth was sexy as hell and would look beautiful wrapped around my cock, she talked way too much. Plus, she's a prude and, therefore, not my type. 

I took a few minutes to gain control then walked out into the same hallway I had just, rather unceremoniously, thrown Tiffany into, and I saw the party was winding down. As I carefully wove my way through the inebriated bodies, I laughed in disgust, and head out to my trusty red pick up truck.

--

I needed to have a word with Tim Jackson. I need to have a very, very, harsh word with Tim Jackson. Apparently, to get back at me for the previous nights events (a.k.a his lack of sexual relations), he decided it would be a good idea to park in my parking place! The parking place I paid extra for in order to be closer to the building. He was in for it.

As I headed to check in for my first period study hall, I saw the object of my wrath. I hurriedly gave my name and head down the warpath towards him at the other end of the hallway. 

"What on God's green earth do you think you were doing this morning when you so rudely parked in MY parking space?" His amused chuckling did nothing to help his case.

As the rest of the school entered into their classrooms, a teacher gave us the evil eye, hinting that we should "keep it down". Exasperated with whole situation, I looked around, located a nearby janitor's closet and pushed him into it. That was my mistake. 

"What the hell are you doing? Crazy bitch!" It was my turn to laugh at his complaints. As soon I closed the door behind me, I knew I had made the wrong decision. We had about four square feet of room for the two of us.

"This is your fault. Nice going, James."

"Oh shut up, Jackson! Let's just go find an empty classroom so I can plot your demise."

"Sounds like a plan to me! Aside from my demise, that is."

I turned around to open the door, and realized, in a cliché of all clichés, we were locked in.

"So, Jackson..."

"Oh no. You have got to be kidding me."

"Well look at it this way, we both have first period free... for an hour and twenty minutes... and the janitors don't show up until after lunch..."

"Oh, James, how appealing it all sounds now."

"Alright so we're not in the best situation."

I turned back to face him and felt my nipples rasp across his broad chest through my sundress, with which I wore no bra. Flush with embarrassment, I attempted to cross my arms in front of my chest. Thankfully, he had not noticed my state and was still preoccupied with our predicament. After I found it quite impossible to cross my arms, he turned to me with an annoyed glance, "James, quit fidgeting!"

I hastily rolled my eyes and stared him down, face to face, chest to chest. While staring right back, he finally realized what my problem was. Instead of the endless jokes I expected, all I saw were his close to black eyes burning holes through my own. Without any notice I felt his lips crash to mine.

His soft supple lips slowly decreased their heavy pressure and had reduced to a slow massage. Soon I felt myself melting into his embrace. After feeling my reaction, his tongue emerged from his mouth and caressed the seam between my own lips. As our tongues tentatively met I heard a moan, and soon realized it was my own. The sensations he was giving me with his mouth sent a white hot jolt of heat down to my core. I was dripping wet and I couldn't stand the torture. I groaned as I felt his mouth leave my own, but I was, once again, treated to the skill of his teeth and tongue along the pulsing veins of my neck. 

"Mm... Jackson, you give me a hickey and I kill you." I felt him grin into my neck as he continued his path downward. I gasped as I felt his thumb draw circles around my rock hard nipple in an agonizingly slow pattern. 

I then heard him muffle something into my throat. I chose to ignore him and continued to dig my fingers into his beautiful hair, but much to my chagrin he pulled back. I could feel the heat of his body leave from my own, even though he couldn't go very far.

I sent him a death glare, and he just smiled one of those goofy grins that would cause even the old lesbian librarian to fall to her knees. 

"What!" I looked at him expectantly.

"Well, we need to talk about this."

"Is that it? Seriously?" Just as he was about to reply, I finally took the initiative, grabbed a handful of cleanly pressed collared shirt in each hand and brought him back down to my lips. I felt him respond, and I was glad he had gotten past all the logical crap. I knew at some point we did need to talk about it, but I was perfectly content to push the issue aside.

I soon felt cool air on my breasts. He had pulled the dainty straps of my sundress down and had exposed my breasts. The breeze was quickly replaced by a rush of wet heat as he took my left nipple in his mouth. As he caressed me with his tongue I could feel my pussy lips slide together, and I knew I needed him inside me, sooner rather than later. 

Simultaneously I felt his large hands massaging a path down my spine towards my ass. I heard him groan as he gently laid one hand on my ass, and the other half way down my back to make sure I didn't fall backwards into the janitors supply shelves. The hand on my ass slowly kneaded its way closer and closer to the source of my heat, as close as possible, until it returned to my ass. Groaning in frustration, I ground my hips up against his and felt his massive erection poke into my lower abdomen. I carefully opened the buttons on his collared shirt with my hands. Once I hit the last button I brought my hands back up and dragged my nails down his chest towards his belt buckle. I new he was trying to maintain control, but I also knew I was teasing him mercilessly. I felt the muscles of his abdomen ripple under my fingertips as I started undoing his belt.

"Are you sure you want this?" he managed to get out with an obvious strain to his normally confident voice, "because I'm not going to be able to stop." As soon as he finished his question I realized I had hit pay dirt. I had gotten his zipper down, and instead of answering him, I reached down the front of his boxers and grasped his now pulsing erection. His gasp of pleasure combined with a low growl that started deep in his throat sent waves of pleasure coursing through my body. I tilted my head up, nipped at his earlobe, then massaged it with my moist tongue, and replied "Yeah, I'm sure." 

There were a few brief heartbeats when he stared into my eyes, as if he was searching for the true answer. He then closed his eyes, and let loose. It was if I had released an animal. He attacked my right nipple in the same way he had with the left, only this time there was a sense of urgency present, a need to claim my body. I submitted to his torture with gentle moans of pleasure. As he tongued my nipple I felt one of his hands move under my sundress to the waistband of my thong panties. He let out another groan as he fingered the lace covered elastic that separated him from his prize. In order to obtain a less awkward angle in the confined space he found a chair leaning up against the row of shelves. He unfolded the generic metal chair, pulled his jeans down to his ankles, and sat down. I then hesitantly straddled his lap with the goal of filling my pussy to the hilt with his throbbing cock. But, once again, he stopped me.

Frustrated, I breathlessly tried to put an end to the constant stops: "You know, Jackson, I'm starting to think you don't want to do this." 

He chuckled, gently bit the underside of my breast that was now at his eye level, and said "You have no idea how long I've wanted to do this, but I want to savor it."

With that his long middle finger pushed aside the crotch of my panties, hovered at my entrance for a few torturous seconds, and then entered my pussy with an astonishing ferocity. My knees buckled and I gently bit his shoulder through his shirt to muffle my cries of pleasure. When I collapsed on him his erection glided into the crease between my legs. I could now feel him sliding his long fingers in and out of my pussy, while he slowly drew all of his eight inches from my tight ass hole back towards where his fingers were entering me in rhythmic strokes. Just as I felt I was ready to die from the torture, he drew my mouth in for a kiss, and slowly kissed a trail from the corner of my mouth to my ear where he demanded one thing: "Come for me." 

With that, he gently pulled on my nipple with his teeth, and I let go into one of the most powerful orgasms I had ever had in my life. He kept his fingers in my tight pussy as my inner muscles contracted around his fingers, and just as I thought I was in the descent back to earth, I felt him put the perfect amount of pressure on my clit with his thumb. I cried out and rode out yet another tidal wave of pleasure. Once I regained coherent thoughts I just stared at him in disbelief.

"You... made me come, without ever touching my clit." He just shot me another goofy grin, when I had another realization: "You made me come twice!" I had never before come multiple times with a guy. As I continued to stare at him incredulously, I became aware of his cock twitching and radiating heat beneath me. 

I felt a sly smile grow on my face. "Are we done savoring this yet?" I couldn't believe he had me already wanting more. 

With that, I grabbed his incredibly hard cock and lined him up at my entrance.

"Oh my goodness, you are huge. We have to go slow."

"That's fine with me." He replied calmly, though his breathing gave away his excitement.

I felt his head stretch my opening, and finally after a few agonizing seconds I felt the satisfying pop. Only the mushroom head was buried in my pussy, and already I felt like I was stretched, and my whole body was on fire.

As soon as I felt accustomed to his size, and started to push a little more of his cock into my dripping cunt, we heard the door handle move. I noticed Tim was about ready to scream in frustration and I quickly clamped a hand over his mouth. I gestured to him to keep quiet and he took the hint. Luckily, the door was completely locked. Without bothering to ponder its existence, I saw a deadbolt and locked it. Our intruder was gone and my heartbeat had increased tenfold. 

Forgetting the intruder, Tim entered me with one swift movement, causing my pussy initial pain at being stretched and filled so completely. He was as thick as my wrist but all my previous boyfriends had been pencil dicks. The friction between us both inside my pussy and between our barely covered bodies was insanely pleasurable. I slowly drew myself up along his cock, and I could feel every vein that slid along my walls. When I reached the head of his erection I tried to torture him with the same patience he had shown me earlier. I kept only an inch and half of his pulsing dick clamped between my walls. I then made slow, deliberate, circular motions with my hips. Though I could see his eyes rolling back in his head from the pleasure, which was my intended goal, I didn't realize that his cock then scraped at my clit every time I made a full rotation. After working my self up into a frenzy, I managed to remember that this was about him, and his pleasure, and I once again impaled myself on his prick. 

He began to meet my thrusts with surprising force. In order to keep me on his lap without flailing and knocking down the equipment, he wrapped his large masculine arms around me. This movement pressed our chests together reduced the space between us.

I felt the pressure of his strokes change even before his warning. 

"Gah... Maggie, I'm gonna come." 

When I heard my first name roll off his tongue so casually it flipped my switch, and I joined him in a dramatic release. 

When the enormity the situation finally sank in, and I felt him soften and pull out, I realized I was sold for life. There was no other man, or cock, out there that could possibly leave me this sated. I lifted my head from his shoulder and looked at him. As we studied each other carefully we both burst out laughing.

"Maggie?"

"Yes, Tim?

"What do you say we take my car and go back to my house? My large, empty, parentless-for-the-week house..." He punctuated each incredibly tempting adjective with a kiss to my swollen lips. I could tell he was taking a leap of faith, inviting me to skip school and explore the relationship outside of a janitor's closet.

"I would love that." I kissed him chastely on the lips, and cleaned myself up. As soon as we were decent again, I undid the deadbolt. Not a minute later, the door swung open to reveal a very confused janitor. I chuckled, thanked him and dragged Tim, who had a goofy grin on his face, out of the closet.

On our way out to the parking lot I realized I had yet to taste his delicious looking cock, and I had a naughty revelation,

"Jackson?"

"Yes, Mags?"

"Does your pickup truck have a bench seat?"

"Yeah it does, why do you ask?"

"Oh, no reason."

With that I gave him a quick kiss on the cheek, flashed him a naughty smile, and rushed off towards his car.