 The cold, dismal afternoon seemed like it was wearing on forever. Sylvia sat at her little student desk trying valiantly to make some sense out of the calculus problems in front of her, cursing the day she let her advisor talk her into signing up for the damn class. Mathematics had never been one of her strong suits and calculus was proving to be way over her head.

The telephone next to her suddenly rang, startling her more than she could believe. No one had called all week and she'd almost come to accept the silence of her tiny apartment as the new norm in her life. She had thought that saying goodbye to her roommates and staying alone during the Christmas break to get caught up on her studies was a good idea when she decided to do it, but the last few days of quiet and loneliness had started to really get to her.

"Hello."

"Sylvia? Is that you?"

The man's voice on the phone when she answered sounded familiar, but she couldn't quite place it. She hesitated a moment and he asked again, this time more tentatively.

"Sylvia? Is that you? It's Rob, Rae's father."

"Oh my god, Rob—Hi! I can't believe you're calling me." There was no mistaking the excitement in her voice as she greeted him. If he only knew how often she'd fantasized about him calling her and the erotic scenarios she had imagined, he would probably die of embarrassment.

"I'm at the airport hotel, just passing through town and I remembered that Rae mentioned you might be staying here over the break. I thought I'd check in and see if you're okay or if you need anything." He talked faster than she remembered and sounded somewhat nervous. "I hope you don't mind me calling."

"Oh gosh no, Rob. Not in the least." Sylvia took a deep breath and lowered her voice, trying to sound like the young girl he knew in the past. "I've been feeling really lonely and it's wonderful to hear from you. How long are you going to be in town?" 

"Oh, just until tomorrow. But I thought I'd check in and see if you might like to have dinner or something."

Sylvia could hardly keep from giggling at the, 'or-something.' Oh brother, she thought. The 'or-somethings' she'd played out in her mind over the years . . .

"Oh Rob, I'd love to. I can't think of anything I'd rather do. Thank you for thinking about me."

The relief in Rob's voice was evident. "There's a restaurant across from the hotel where I'm staying called Lombardi's that looks pretty nice, ever hear anything about it? I don't have a car but I'll pay for your taxi if you want to meet there."

"I've heard it's really fancy, but of course on a poor student's budget I've never been there," she laughed. "It'll be a real treat for me. Just tell me what time you want me there."

Sylvia rushed into the bathroom and started the shower. She could hardly believe how excited she felt as she shampooed her hair, slathering on conditioner and carefully shaving her legs, her underarms and her tiny, carefully sculpted landing strip. She lovingly spread her best perfumed lotion over her entire body, watching herself with satisfaction in the full-length mirror as she worked. She looked good, she knew. No freshman-forty for her. Her weight was still the same as it was in high school and she was still as firm and in shape as she'd ever been.

After drying her stylish Bob, she picked a black lacy thong out of her drawer and slipped it up her smooth legs, snuggling the tiny strap deep into her ass and enjoying how sexy it made her feel. She chose a fairly conservative white silk blouse and quickly buttoned it over her naked breasts. Conservative on the outside, she grinned, but delightfully naughty when worn braless. Stepping into her favorite black leather mini-skirt, she zipped it carefully over her tucked-in blouse and looked with satisfaction at her reflection. Stylish black high-heel pumps finished off her ensemble and accentuated her long legs, making her breasts jiggle delightfully when she walked.

"If he isn't impressed with this outfit," she grinned, "he's not the Rob who used to ogle me every time he had the chance."

He was waiting patiently at the curb when her cab pulled up. He opened the door to help her, his eyes quickly darting to her long legs as her skirt provocatively hiked up when she stepped out. Holding his hand as she steadied herself on her high heels, she leaned into him and gave him a quick, daughterly kiss on the lips. He looked startled but immensely pleased, grinning from ear to ear as he paid the cabbie.

"It's so good to see you again, Sylvia." He took her arm and led her into Lombardi's. "I requested a nice quiet table so we can have a chance to talk and get caught up."

They followed the hostess through the busy restaurant to a small, more intimate back room. He helped her slip off her light blazer and draped it over the back of her chair before sitting down across from her. As she picked up her napkin Sylvia caught his eyes glance down to her chest and then quickly back up. She smiled to herself, pleased that he still couldn't keep from looking at her.

"How long has it been since I've seen you?" Rob asked.

"Almost four years," Sylvia responded. "The last time was when I stayed overnight with Rae during our freshman year. I'm a senior now and hoping to graduate this spring . . . IF I pass my damn math class," she laughed.

Shaking his head slowly he continued to gaze into her eyes. "I can't believe it's been that long." He smiled and settled back into his chair, finally looking a little more relaxed. "You've grown into a beautiful young woman, Sylvia." He leaned toward her, lowering his voice. "Even more lovely than I imagined as I watched you growing up."

"And you really did watch me as I was growing up, didn't you? Sylvia grinned.

Rob's discomfort was immediate, a flush creeping hotly up his cheeks. He started to stammer something but was interrupted by the waiter busily filling their water glasses and asking about their drink preference. He quickly ordered a bottle of Chardonnay and began to scan the menu, carefully avoiding any eye contact.

When the waiter finished and slipped away Sylvia picked up her wine glass and held it out toward him, as if she was going to propose a toast.

"You don't have to blush, Rob," she whispered. "I knew you were always checking me out and I enjoyed every minute of it." She reached her hand out and placed it over his. She took a sip of her wine and softly continued. "That day you saw me taking off my bikini wasn't exactly an accident, you know." Sylvia smiled and gazed directly into his eyes. "I did it deliberately."

The relief on Rob's face was evident. He squeezed her fingers gently, still unable to say anything.

Sylvia took another drink of wine and sat back into her chair, crossing her legs and picking up her menu. Without looking at him, she began to read the appetizer list out loud. Between the bacon-stuffed mushrooms and the deep-fried zucchini, she innocently ad-libbed, "I really loved having you look at me that day, Rob."

She continued reading to the end of the list as he sat and watched her in amazement. When he still didn't say anything, she looked directly into his eyes and softly added, "I still do."

Their waiter returned before he could respond and they proceeded to order and eat their dinner. Conversation was stilted at first but by the time each had finished a second glass of wine they loosened up and were talking like old times. They caught up on how Rae was doing at her college, how Rob's business brought him to town and the general health of their mutual acquaintances. Rob relaxed enough to take full advantage of her implied invitation and regularly admired Sylvia's breasts, her nipples clearly visible through the thin material of her blouse.

The attentive waiter soon returned to whisk away their plates and offer them the dessert menu, recommending a chocolate-raspberry concoction that he promised would be the most decadent thing they had ever tasted.

Sylvia quickly declined, shaking her head and thanking him. "If it's all the same with you, Rob," she laughed, "I'd prefer getting my decadence from other means."

Rob grinned back, a questioning look on his face.

"Why don't we walk over to the hotel and raid your room's honor bar. I'm sure we can find a nice dessert wine in there."

At his fifth-floor hotel room door, Sylvia watched with amusement as Rob struggled to get his key-card to work. His nervousness had returned with her suggestion they go to his room and had increased the closer they got to his door. She playfully pushed him aside and took the card from his fingers, turned it to the correct orientation and slid it down the lock. The little green light instantly blinked a welcoming invitation to enter and she pushed the door open and led the way inside. Rob reached for the switch and flooded the room with light as Sylvia took of her blazer and dropped it on the chair next to the door.

"Make yourself comfortable, Sylvia," he said. "I'll see what I can find in the fridge." Sylvia watched Rob cross the small suite and crouch down before the honor bar. Again, he had trouble making the card-key work but finally got the door open and fumbled through the bottles. He selected a bottle of chilled chardonnay, stood up, turned around and nearly dropped it with shock when he looked at Sylvia.

"Well, you to told me to 'make myself comfortable,'" she grinned.

She had stripped her blouse off and was sitting in the sofa next to the desk with her long legs crossed and one hand resting comfortably on the overstuffed arms, the other toying with the hem of her skirt. Her bare breasts were staring impudently at him, their slight rising and falling the only sign that she wasn't totally relaxed herself.

Rob stood motionless, his mouth literally hanging open in surprise, his eyes locked onto her nipples. The only thing he was finally able to whimper was, "My God, Sylvia . . . you're beautiful."

Sylvia watched him admiring her breasts for what seemed like hours. Finally, barely loud enough for him to hear, she whispered, "Thank you, Rob." She smiled and took a deep breath, causing her breasts to lift even closer to his gaze. "I'm glad you like what you see. I've wanted you to see me like this for a long, long time." Suddenly feeling more playful, she continued. "Now why don't you open that damn wine and pour us a drink?"

Rob's difficulty at finding a corkscrew and opening the bottle was not made any easier by the distraction of her nakedness, but he finally popped the cork and managed to fill two glasses without spilling any. He picked up the glasses and started toward her when she put her hand up in an undeniable 'stop' motion.

"Wait," she commanded. Sylvia pointed to the small table next to the bed. "Put them over there on the nightstand."

When Rob had set the glasses down he turned to face her again, an expectant and somewhat frightened look on his face.

"Turn on that little light and the overhead one off," she ordered gently.

Sylvia watched as he obediently followed her suggestion. The room became bathed with a soft light from next to the bed; giving a much warmer and more romantic feel to the room. He retuned to stand nervously next to the bed, gazing back and forth from her breasts to her eyes, expectantly waiting for her to say more.

"Rob," she finally continued. "I want you to take your clothes off."

He stood motionless, unable to believe what she was saying.

"Don't say anything," Sylvia purred. "Don't even think about it, just do it." When he failed to move, she whispered throatily, "Do it for me."

Rob took a quick drink of his wine and began to move like a robot, slowly and jerkily. Unsure of himself and not fully believing that he was actually following her orders, he proceeded to self-consciously drop his shoes and socks, shirt and tie, and finally, and very reluctantly, his slacks. He hesitated again, standing in front of her now covered only by his boxer shorts, their thin material straining to contain his raging erection.

Sylvia intently watched his every movement, her excitement growing with each article of clothing he removed. She loved the feeling of power that was surging through her body and she knew she was about to fulfill a fantasy she had held for years.

"Look at how hard my nipples are, Rob, and I haven't even touched them yet." She began to caress her breasts sensually, all the time staring directly at his crotch. "Take off your shorts and sit on the bed. I want to look at you the way you're looking at me."

Rob took a deep breath before pulling his shorts slowly down his legs, stepping awkwardly out of them and kicking them away with a new-found bravado. Finally bursting free from the constraint of his shorts, his cock pulsed and jerked upward, nearly reaching his navel. He knew his cock was larger than average and he had always been inordinately proud of it and was pleased to see the delight grow in Sylvia's eyes as she gazed at it.

He sat back on the edge of the bed as she had ordered and watched Sylvia slowly stand up and walk across the room toward him, still wearing her high heels. She stopped a few feet away, lowered the zipper on her skirt and let it drop to the floor. She stood before him a moment, letting him drink in the vision of her black panties before turning around and bending sensually to pick it up off the floor, knowing full-well that his eyes would be devouring the strip of cloth between her ass cheeks. She turned back toward him and shimmied the tiny thong down her legs, stepping nonchalantly toward him and leaving the flimsy material crumpled on the deep carpet. She reached out and put her hands on his thighs and dropped to her knees before him. Looking up into his eyes for a long moment, she finally bent forward and silently took his cock in both hands and guided it to her lips, kissing it gently before sucking it deep into her mouth.

"Oh God," he panted. "I've fantasized about this so often." Rob held her head in his hands, guiding her motions as she slowly and rhythmically bobbed her mouth down the length of his shaft. "I never thought it could actually happen, that you might've wanted it too."

Sylvia leaned back, letting his cock slip wetly out of her mouth. She held it in both hands and looked up into his eyes. She grinned wickedly as she slowly licked it like a big, pink Popsicle, her tongue teasing against the bulbous head.

"Whoever said girls couldn't have fantasies too," she whispered. "I've fantasized about doing this since I was 15."

Rob arched his hips forward, pressing his cock against her tongue and slipping it back between her lips as she eagerly opened her mouth to receive him again. She sucked hungrily, taking as much of his length as she could. He fucked her mouth slowly, a deep, guttural moan escaping from his lips.

Sylvia cupped his balls in her hands, enjoying the feel of them swinging loosely against her chin, their long, curly hair tickling her delightfully. With her fingernails she scratched the sensitive skin behind them, leaving a trail of fire all the way back to his anus.

"Oh Christ, Sylvia!"

Rob's voice sounded like he was in pain. He squeezed her head tighter and began to thrust his cock deeper into her mouth, increasing his fucking motion as he became lost in his pleasure.

Sylvia gagged momentarily and pulled back, closing her fist over the base of his cock so he couldn't jam it in so deep.

"Slow down, Sweetie," she panted, "your plane doesn't leave until noon." She squeezed his cock again, kissed it lovingly and then crawled up onto his lap. She guided his shaft into the hot slickness of her cunt and wiggled down, burying his full length into her in one perfect motion. 

Rob hardly heard her over the sound of his own moaning as she wrapped her arms around his neck and started rocking against him sensually.

"We've got all night, Lover. I want this to last as long as possible."