 I started gathering the things up from desk. "TGIF", I said to myself. I finished putting everything in my tote bag and grabbed my car keys and left my office. 

As I was walking to the parking lot I couldn't help but think of my husband who was at home. I smiled to myself when I thought of how badly I had teased him in bed this morning. How I gently played with his cock and sucked on it while he moaned. And then how I abruptly got out of bed and told him I had to get ready for work. 

This was all premeditated to get him thinking about that all day so I could finish my plans when I got home from work.

I drove home, pulled into the garage, and walked in the house. I put my things down on the counter and headed into the living room. He was sitting on the couch watching TV. 

"Hey sweetheart. Have a rough day?" I asked. Knowing full well he had been in front of the TV all day since he didn't have to work.

"Oh, it's been so rough. I think I need a hug" he replied.

I walked over to him in my business suit, hiked up my skirt and straddled him on the couch. I put my hands on his face and gave him a deep, sensual kiss. While kissing him I moved my right hand down to his shoulders, down his arm, and then to his hand which was sitting on my hip. 

I moved his hand to caress my breast. I could feel him getting hard. I broke the kiss to take off my blazer and unbuttoned my blouse. I had purposefully not worn a bra to work so he could have this opportunity to play with my breasts. He reached up and slid my blouse the rest of the way off and tossed it onto the floor next to my blazer. 

He buried his face into my chest and started licking and sucking my nipples; going from one nipple to the other not knowing which one he wanted. He began biting and nibbling on one of my nipples. He really loved playing with my breasts. He always would go out of his way to play it them. 

I could feel a dampness forming in my panties. I reached down to check and brushed up against his rock hard cock. 

"Mmmm....kitty is wet" I moaned to him. 

"We'll have to do something about that" he panted back to me. 

I got up from his lap and stepped back from the couch. I gave him a sly grin and slowly unzipped my skirt. I turned around and slid the skirt down and bent over, shaking my ass at him. I slid the skirt down to reveal a devil red g-string (which he had bought for me a few weeks earlier and was his favorite). I stood up and turned around.

"See anything you like?" I asked.

"You'll need to take off those panties first."

He got up off the couch and walked over to me. He kneeled down in front of me and grabbed the panties and slid them down. I stepped out of them and he threw them over to where the rest of the clothes were.

I felt his hands slide up my legs and his lips kissing his way up. He would alternate between kissing me and just letting his hot breath trail up my legs. 

He slid his hands around to my ass and was face to face with my freshly shaven pussy from this morning. I felt his tongue dart out and steal a lick of the lips. I opened my legs a bit so he had better access. 

Then I felt his tongue delve past the outer lips and into the soft inner lips and then licked so softly up to my clit. I could barely feel it. The anticipation of him actually licking that magic button was enough to make my pussy get even wetter. 

He placed his lips directly around my clit and flicked his tongue across it quickly several times. I could feel the ever so familiar tingling sensation creeping up from my toes. I could feel him to start lightly sucking on my clit along with a few strokes from his tongue. He was burying his face in between my legs. Just as he was getting into a rhythm he withdrew and stood up. I pulled him close and kissed him passionately on his lips all the while tasting myself. Our tongues were intertwined and we were both running our hands up and down each others trembling bodies.

I reached down and started lifting his shirt up and pulled it off. We were still kissing while I fumbled with his belt and his hand went back down to my pussy and started fingering it ever so lightly. I could tell that I had left a lot of juices on his fingers. I managed to get his belt unbuckled and pants unbuttoned and unzipped. I broke from the kiss to kneel on the floor and pull his pants down around his ankles. He stepped out of them and I tossed them aside. 

I looked up at him and smiled my familiar sly grin. I grabbed his rock hard member and guided it into my waiting mouth. I could already taste him before I had gotten the entire length into my mouth. I could feel him shake as I started licking and sucking the sensitive head. I flicked my tongue over the spot between the head and the shaft. He moaned as he placed his hands on my head and started massaging it and helping guide me. With a free hand I cupped his balls in my hand and then ever so gently put on in my mouth and sucked on it. 

When I removed his ball from my mouth and went back to his shaft and started licking; he pulled back and knelt down on the floor in front of me. We embraced and attacked each other with pleasure-filled kisses. Our bodies were slowly grinding against each other; my breasts pushing against his chest with my nipples hardened in excitement which sent shocks of pleasure through my aching body. 

"I want you now" I panted hungrily.

He barely was able to nod in agreement. He pushed me onto the floor on my back and started teasing the entrance to my pussy with his cock. He rubbed it the length of my slit and could tell just how wet I had become. He pushed the head of his twitching cock just into the entrance of my dripping pussy and slowly entered me. I could feel every inch of his penis inside me. I could feel my pussy engulf him. The tingling feeling was spreading outward from my pelvis region. I reached up and pulled him down and kissed him hard. 

He began to slowly thrust in and out of me. I was in pure ecstasy as I could feel the pleasure building. I reached down and started rubbing my clit to enhance my pleasure. I could hear his breathing becoming heavier with each thrust. He started to thrust faster. It felt so good. I started to claw at his back. I was gasping in gratification. 

"Harder" I whispered.

He began thrusting harder and I was rubbing my clit harder. I tingling sensation was strong and pulsing through my entire body. I began moaning out loud. I looked up at my husbands eyes and locked my eyes with his. Both of us were rhythmically thrusting into each other; sweat forming on our bodies. His thrusting got more frantic as did his breathing; and mine. I could tell he was close to the edge. There was no going back down. The pressure was building for the both of us. I was now moaning louder. I thought maybe the neighbor's could hear. I didn't care. 

I grabbed a hold of my husband and let out a scream of pleasure. I could feel the pressure being released and I could feel his cock pulsating inside me as we both came. He started to slow his thrusting and lowered himself to kiss me. He slowly pulled his cock out of me and lay down on the floor beside me.

"How was your day?" and he smiled his sly grin.