 The day was hot, like it had been all summer, as Tabby approached the large white front doors of her friend's house. Since her 18th birthday two weeks ago her best friend Kelly had been at her to come and spend a weekend at her house. Tabby had been so busy with her athletics that this was the first opportunity she had had. 

She knocked on the big front door. There was the sound of footsteps on the slate entrance hall and the door swung open. Kelly's father stood there to greet Tabby.

"Hi Mr. Andrews," Tabby said cheerfully.

"Hello Tabby, come in," the handsome 47 year old man replied. "Kelly has had to go to her Grandma's place with her Mom, she will be a couple of hours. Come in and make yourself at home."

The young brunette needed no encouragement, she had always enjoyed the Andrews' company and her friend would be back soon enough. The hall entrance to their home was large. A foyer area paved in grey slate gave way to a deep blue carpet. To the left was the large formal lounge flowing through to a family room and kitchen. On the right a small passage led to Mr. Andrews' office, a utility room and then the large triple garage. Straight ahead lay the stairs to the five bedrooms and two bathrooms.

"Thank you Mr. Andrews," Tabby smiled her likable teenage smile. "Hope I'm not disturbing your day."

"Oh, no, no," he replied looking at the gorgeous athletic shape of this tall girl. " Kelly has been looking forward to seeing you all week."

"I'll take my things upstairs if that's ok."

"Sure, sure," he said, still taking in the beauty that stood before him. "I'm just working down here in my office. I'm sure that there will be something for you to do up there."

"Don't mind me Mr. Andrews, I know my way around," Tabby laughed with the confidence of a close friend.

"Sure, just help yourself to anything you want. You know where the fridge is." He laughed, knowing what teenagers were like.

Tabby smiled back and bounced past the man and up the stairs. His stare followed her beautiful form until it disappeared at the top of the stairs. With a sigh he returned to his office.

Up in Kelly's room, Tabby quickly put her bag down and picked up a magazine from Kelly's large pile and climbed on her bed to read. After about quarter of an hour Tabby thought she should get a drink before starting her next magazine. She crept quietly down the stairs and slipped through into the kitchen.

The big fridge was well stocked and she poured out a large glass of tropical orange juice. It was sweet and cold as she gulped it down. She placed the glass back up on the bench and walked back to the foyer staircase. As she was about to step up the stairs she heard the sound of some strange music coming from the office. It was strangely cheap in its sound – not clean and sharp like that from a CD or stereo.

Tabby was puzzled. She crept along the passage until she was outside Mr. Andrews' office. Although she had visited their home on numerous occasions she had never been in his office.

The door was open and Tabby peeked in, nervously. A large desk, covered in papers and humming computer was directly in front of the young girl. To the right inside the door were a large leather couch and an armchair. Both faced away from the door. Facing the door from that end of the room was a small 20inch television. That was where the noise was coming from in the form of an adult video.

At first Tabby was shocked. Mr. Andrews was spread out, lying on the couch, his feet poking over the end. Tabby couldn't see him, but could here a soft squelching sound, the sound of a cock being pulled.

On the screen a young schoolgirl was flirting with an older teacher figure. She had a huge bust that was bursting her white blouse open. Tabby watched as the young girl began taking her clothes off. First she dropped the blouse, and then unzipped the short tartan uniform skirt. The skirt dropped to the floor and the young girl stepped out of it with a great grin on her face. This left her standing in her white lace underwear and white sox with the black school shoes. Smiling the young girl dropped to her knees and began to undo the teacher's belt, revealing his stiff cock. Seductively she licked the cock before taking it into her mouth.

A groan came from the couch and the feet sticking from the end moved slightly. Tabby could see Mr. Andrews' reflected in a glass vase near the television. Even this distorted picture showed him with a huge cock sticking from the front of his pants as he lay on the couch. Tabby came to her senses and crept back to the door. Mr. Andrews hadn't noticed the intrusion as Tabby backed out of the room. The teacher was busy removing the busty girls bra, exposing her huge breasts.

Quietly Tabby retreated back up the stairs to the bedroom. She didn't know what to think, his cock had looked so big in the distorted view in the vase. She had always thought he looked sexy. But he was so much older than she was; he wouldn't be interested in a school kid. Any way he was married and the father of her best friend. It didn't stop her feeling hot.

As she started to read another magazine she felt her pussy getting damper. For some reason she couldn't take her mind off the scene she had just witnessed. She clenched her legs together and sighed deeply, resuming the magazine. Then the thoughts flooded back and her pussy started to ache. An idea came to her, it was daring and she would have to do it now if it was to work

Downstairs the girl was finishing her blowjob on the teacher who had just blown a huge wad of hot cum into her mouth. As the next scene began (a blond girl and her black friend) Mr. Andrews groaned and let fly with a spurt of cum which messed the front of his trousers. Carefully he scooped up the majority of his sticky mess in a handful of paper tissues, which he then carefully placed in a plastic bag he had arranged beforehand. Satisfied that most of his mess was cleaned up he got up and went upstairs.

He could hear the sound of a radio coming from his daughter's room. Tabby was obviously still entertaining herself. He crept past the closed door, being sure not to make a sound. His own bedroom was at the end of the hall. A door separated part o the passage from the main house to allow the adults privacy as a dressing room came off the passage to the left and an ensuit to the right. He slipped into the bathroom and closed that door.

Another door led from the ensuit bathroom to the bedroom, this door was wide open. Mr. Andrews slipped out of his wet pants and boxer shorts and began to clean his sticky cock with a flannel. Then he noticed the sticky wet patch on his shirt tail. Quickly he pulled the dirty shirt off. All the clothes lay in a bundle on the floor as he strode naked into the bedroom.

There on the large king sized bed was Tabby, watching his every move. Mr. Andrews stopped in his tracks.

"Tabby," he exclaimed. Then his voice quieted off as he saw what the young girl was dressed in. It was a sexy little negligee that barely covered her slim body. Red, with a tight fitting lace bodice and a flouncy lace skirt which barely covered her butt as she knelt on the bed leaning forward on her elbows, like a cat watching prey. He had a direct view down the front of the dress to the curves of her tanned breasts.

"Yes Mr. Andrews?" Tabby asked slowly, licking her deep red lips. He realised that the negligee was Mrs. Andrews, that she used on special occasions to taunt Mr. Andrews. Likewise the teenage visitor had borrowed his wife's makeup to transform this young innocent into a slutty looking vixen. Just to finish the change she had a pair of shiny spike heeled shoes on, again his wife's.

"What are you…." He never finished the sentence as he realised two things. First he was still naked and secondly he was getting aroused.

"Looks like you are pleased to see me Mr. Andrews."

"Well…."

"Don't say anything. Come and sit with me." The lithe brunette said, licking those moist lips again.

Nervously the older man moved toward the bed, totally mesmerised by this beauty. Slowly he sat next to her, his breathing becoming quicker and shorter. She put out a hand and touched his shoulder, rubbing him gently as she pulled it back. His cock was now a t right angles again, solid as a rock. Tabby glanced at it. It was bigger than she had thought, at least nine inches.

"Tabby, what are you doing?" He finally asked as the brunette smiled at him. 

Without replying she leant forward and kissed him on the lips. At first he did not respond, but then slowly his lips opened allowing her tongue to enter his mouth. She held his head in both hands, leaning into him, letting him get a better view of her breasts down the negligee.

Finally he surrendered to her charm, returning the kiss, touching the back of her hand. He could smell the sweet perfume and recognised it immediately as Kelly's. 

Tabby let a hand fall to his crotch. Holding his hard cock for the first time. Her delicate hand barely covered the huge throbbing mass. She began stroking it, up and down. He moaned at her touch, then lent into her to take a nipple in his mouth, his tongue licking it through the lace negligee. This time it was Tabby who moaned as a flood of ecstasy rolled through her body.

"Oh, Mr. Andrews," she gasped as his mouth sucked at her young nipple. The feeling of her taut nipple against the soft lace was electrifying to Tabby. Her hand came to a standstill on his hard cock.

He let go of her nipple with a slurp, letting her back up on her knees. She manoeuvred around, her tight butt in the air as she crawled back up the bed. Now he could see her pretty little white lace panties that she had left on. The flash of pure white against the red lace was extremely erotic to Mr. Andrews. 

As she reached the end of the bed, he reached out and grabbed her ankles, holding her in place by the straps of the shiny black spike heels. He ran a hand along the back of one leg as he eased up the bed himself. Caressing the shapely young leg, bending to kiss it. Meanwhile Tabby turned her head, smiling seductively and cooing lightly.

Mr Andrews kissed the back of her thigh as she knelt there. Then his lips moved up, under the frill of the lace negligee, kissing her bare butt, next to the flimsy white lace that covered her pussy. Tabby was thrusting her butt in the air, exposing her rare to him, her legs slightly apart.

He licked the edge of the panties, feeling the soft thighs and the soft but rough lace of the panties. Now he could smell her feminine juices, just as she could feel how hot she had got. His other hand came up to her hip to steady him as he turned fully into her. His tongue slid between the lace and her inner thigh, licking up toward her pussy.

A thumb eased the white material back to let him in. Tabby let out a moan as his tongue found her hard, red clit, glistening with her juice. Slowly, deliberately he tongued her clit, flicking it back and forward. A finger eased into her tight pussy, up past his mouth, his nose caught in the white panties, stretching them.

All the while Tabby knelt still, moaning softly. Every now and then a shudder would ripple through her. Her nipples stood out against the red lace and she played with them through the silky material, cupping her firm little breasts.

Just as she was almost at the point of orgasm he pulled away from her.

"You sure are hot, Tabby," he said softly. "Come here and taste yourself." The brunette turned, her hair hanging down beside her shoulders. On her knees she crawled to him and they kissed. She tasted her own salty juice on his moistened lips. Their tongues explored each other until he once more pulled away.

"Now it is your turn my dear," Mr. Andrews said. "I want you to eat my cock."

The teenager smiled and turned toward the huge nine inches that swayed before her. Taking it in both hands she guided herself onto the big thick cock. Her red lips slipped over the head, stretching to take it. Inch by inch she sucked it in, her tongue barely able to circle it. She could only fit half its length as it stretched her mouth so much. Still she started bobbing up and down the shaft, sucking and licking as she went. Sucking harder and harder.

"Oh, Tabby, oh yes," he moaned. "God this is good. Yeah babe, suck my cock."

Up and down its length she sucked, taking it deeper each time, but still not taking it all. Tasting his pre-cum as she sucked it from the slit. The throbbing monster slid into her throat; almost making her gag, but she took it. He let out another low moan as she pulled back up the shaft, letting her tongue drag lightly over the underside of his hard cock.

The glistening wet cock popped from her mouth as she smiled up at Mr. Andrews.

"Oh baby," he moaned. "You are fantastic."

Using her saliva as lubricant she rubbed his cock up and down gently as she sat back on her legs, still leaning over him. Then Tabby bent forward again, taking his cock back in her mouth, sucking it deeply. Up and down the shaft, licking and slurping. Mr. Andrews closed his eyes again, leaning back into the large comfortable pillows.

Once more the brunette released her grip from his hard cock to take a gulp of air. She sat back, looking at him and then the huge red cock sticking up at her.

"Mr Andrews," she said. "I want to fuck you now."

"Oh babe, yes," he sat up on his elbows, smiling back at the beautiful face. "Please, oh that would be good."

She reached up, tugging the red negligee up over her head. It fell next to them on the large bed in a pool of red lace. He looked up at her pert firm breasts, the nipples standing erect and hard. Then she hooked a finger in the corner of those skimpy white lace panties.

"No, no baby," he said. "Please fuck me with them on, I love that."

Tabby just smiled releasing her grip on the white material. She moved forward to straddle him, her pelvis swaying above the hard cock. She pulled the white lace aside from her trimmed pussy and lowered slowly onto the rigid pole.

"Oh," she called out as it entered her moist warm pussy. "Oh, Mr. Andrews." Inch by inch she slipped down the huge cock as he held the base with his thumb and forefinger, guiding it in. It was huge, the head stretching her open, bit by bit. Then it was totally engulfed. Tabby sighed as she sank the last inch onto it. His other hand moved up to touch lie flat on her flat tanned tummy. Gently he rubbed her soft skin, touching her belly button.

As Tabby began to move on his cock the hand moved to cup her breast. The other hand, wet with her juice, came up to touch the other breast. Slowly he squeezed them, feeling their weight, the smooth flawless skin. Then as she began to ride up and down the slippery cock she bent her head to lick the juices from his hand.

Her body moved quicker now, up and down the shaft. Tabby could feel the hard cock rubbing against her swollen clit as it pumped in and out of her. The panties forming a tight seal to one side of her pussy.

"Oh Mr. Andrews," she cried. "I'm going to cum."

"Do it babe, cum on my cock, go on babe."

"Oh, yes, yes," she called out, flinging her head back. "God, Mr. Andrews, yes."

He felt her pussy contract on his cock. Then a little flood and a moment later she relaxed again. Her pale cheeks had gone red and her breathing quickened as the orgasm swept over the young girl. She fell forward onto him, the long black hair spraying up into his face.

Quickly he pulled out from under her and climbed around her body as she caught her breath, still on her knees. He reached out to hold her hips as he clambered up and around her. She felt his cock slap her butt as he moved in behind her. Gently he parted her legs as she knelt and pulled aside the panties again. The crotch was wet with her juices. Then he pushed forward into her dripping pussy.

"Ah," Tabby called out as his cock slid all the way in. She gasped. He started pumping it back and forth, harder and harder as the girl regained her balance on her knees. She fell forward onto her elbows as he pushed into her hot pussy.

"God, oh yes," she said as another wave of orgasm swept her body. "Oh."

In and out he pushed his cock, reaching up to hold her hair like a mane. She moaned loudly now as he kept up his pace. His balls slapped against her butt, the cock slurped as it slid in and out.

"Oh tabby, you are so tight, so hot," he said as he pumped harder and harder. "Oh yeah baby."

Than his balls tightened, he gave a huge push and his cock spurted hot stream after hot stream of cum into her young pussy. He let out a low groan as he shot load after load into her.

"Oh Mr. Andrews, oh," she said leaning forward again, taking his hot cum. "God Tabby, oh you are so good."

His cock began to shrink again and he pulled back. His hand moved to her pussy to replace the panties and then he fell back on the bed. The white panties immediately soaked up the cum and her juice, the lace oozing the sticky combination. Tabby turned and bent over the deflating cock, licking the last of his cum and her juices from the red snake. After licking her lip she lent forward and kissed him on the lips again.

"Can I have your panties Tabby? Please," he asked her.

"Sure Mr. Andrews, I'll go and get cleaned up and leave them in the bathroom for you."

"Thank you Tabby, thank you for being my little girl today."

"Thank you Mr. Andrews," Tabby replied. "I enjoyed it too."

"One other thing though Tabby."

"Yes Mr. Andrews?"

"I don't think it would be a good idea if Mrs. Andrews or Kelly knew about this."

"I agree Mr. Andrews, I won't say anything."

And she didn't, even a month later when she discovered she was pregnant. Life continued the same, Tabby visited at Kelly's home and there was only the odd tell tale smiles flashed between the two lovers that might have given them away. Tabby opted for an abortion. Not even her folks or Mr. Andrews knew about the baby. Although it was a difficult time, it would have been more difficult if the pregnancy had continued.

And anyway Tabby had plans for more fun with the schoolgirl, pantie loving Mr. Andrews.