 I knew she wasn't expecting me home until next week. I had found out that she would be going to a baseball game, so I decided to surprise her. I made it to the stadium and proceeded to search her out. I found an area to stand and started scanning the stands with my binoculars. I settled into an empty seat after my initial scan of the crowd. Then I started a slower, second trip through the fans. 

The game was now in the sixth inning and I had lost count how many times I had scanned the stadium. I knew if I didn't find her before the seventh inning stretch that I never would. A large part of the crowd would leave the game at that time, and another part would spend half an inning or more waiting in a concession line. At the stretch, I'd have to give up and meet her at the house. How many more scans... Wait!

There she was! Walking down the steps from the walkway. I watched her until she sat down before I began moving in that direction. I stopped a couple times along the way to make sure she hadn't left. I made it to the top of her aisle moments before the top of the seventh inning ended. Everyone stood and "Take Me Out To The Ballgame" echoed through the stadium.

"For it's 1, 2, 3 strikes. You're out! At the old ballgame."

I saw her making her way to the aisle so I stayed where I was. Up she came, keeping her eyes on the steps lest she slip and fall. Once to the top, she walked to the concession line. I stepped in line, right behind her. 

"I love you!" I quietly said into her ear as I placed my hands on her hips.

"Wha...?" She spun around, initially expecting to defend herself. But as she saw me, joy replaced the anger that had flashed across her face. She threw her arms around my neck, pressed her lips to mine and pushed me back against the wall. I took her in my arms and whole-heartedly returned her kiss. 

She pulled her lips away after a couple minutes. "You're early."

"Surprise. We pulled in early so I thought I come find you."

"Well, you found me." With that, her lips assaulted mine again. Her mouth opened, pulling my lips apart, also. Her tongue entered my mouth searching for mine. I felt it push past my teeth and caress my tongue. Her hips pressed against mine and I felt her slowly grinding her loins into me. 

"Mmmm! Feels like you missed me," she says as her hips slide up and down my now hardening manhood.

"Excuse me, folks." The stadium security guard stepped in close. "This is a family environment and we try to discourage such passionate displays of affection." 

"Sorry, sir," she says. "He just got back early from an extended underway time and surprised me just now. We'll keep our passion in check for a while."

"Thank you for understanding. And enjoy the game."

As the security guy walked away she planted another kiss on me. I pulled away. "So what were you going to get? I haven't eaten dinner yet, either."

"Well, if you're hungry, too, why don't we just go to Chaquita's?"

"Did you drive or take the trolley here?"

"Yes... I drove to 32nd Street and took the trolley from there."

"OK. Let's go."

We walked hand-in-hand down the stairs and out of the stadium. I pulled her close and put my arm around her waist as we walked across the parking lot to the trolley station. Hand-in-hand we boarded the trolley. And hand-in-hand we got off at the base. 

I let her in the car and walked around to the driver's door. As soon as I got in, I was sexually assaulted by my wife again. She pulled me to her and locked her lips to mine for a second time. Our lips parted and our tongues began their lover's dance; flicking tips, now caressing and sliding against each other. 

I found her breast with my free hand. I could feel her swollen nipple through her brassiere. I gently kneaded the double handful of flesh. I felt her hand on my crotch. Her palm rubbed up and down the bulge in my jeans. I pulled on her shirt and slid my hand up her belly and underneath her bra. The feeling of her warm, supple flesh on my palm and her hard nipple between my fingers was luxurious. I was beginning to lose myself in my passion.

"Wait," she said breathlessly. "We need to go eat. If we're going to continue this, I think we're going to need our energy."

"You're right." I kissed her. My hand never left her breast, but continued caressing it.

"No. Really." She gave my member one last squeeze and gently pushed me back in front of the steering wheel.

"Oh, all right. The sooner we eat, the sooner we can get home and finish this."So I drove us to the restaurant. The whole way there, her hand never left my hard-on.

"I don't want you to forget about dessert," she said with a grin and a wink.

Once in the restaurant, we sat in the back corner table. She slid into the booth beside me. We ate our chips and chatted about what had happened during our time of separation. 

Our food finally arrived and we started eating. I felt the tingle of her fingers on my thigh. They slowly walked up to where my bulge was again growing as the blood rushed to fill my manhood. We continued eating and she continued touching me. Not rubbing, not heightening the passion, she just tickled and fondled my balls.

I opened my legs to afford her better access to her chosen playground. Little circles, up and down. She used only enough pressure to tickle me, to keep me hard. She kept it up all through dinner[pun intended]. By the time we were done eating, my balls were aching for release. 

She leaned over and whispered in my ear, "If we could kick them out of the kitchen, I'd do you on the counter."

"Ok. We're done. Let's go." I stood up and helped her out. Then we walked to the cashier. I signed the receipt and as we walked to the door I paused at the hallway leading to the restrooms. 

"Wait here." I walked into the restroom and saw that it was empty. I leaned around the corner and caught my wife's eye. I motioned for her to come to me. She stepped up close with a questioning look on her face and I pulled her into restroom. Once inside, I led her into the separate toilet room and locked the door.

I pushed her against the wall and knelt in front of her. I unsnapped her pants and pulled her zipper down. I kissed her panties and pulled them and her pants down to her ankles. I kissed her hair covered vulva and tasted her sex as my tongue slid between her woman lips. 

Her hands held my head and I felt her pull me up. Her lips covered mine in a passionate kiss. Then she dropped to her knees.

"We don't have time for that. Sit." Her hands deftly unbuckled my belt and shoved my pants down. She gripped my manhood in her fist and kissed the head nearly as passionately as she had kissed my lips. Then her mouth completely engulfed my member. She slowly slid my shaft out of her lips and whispered, "I missed you. Welcome home." Then she pushed me onto the toilet.

She straddled my lap and slowly, with a purpose, lowered herself onto my pole. She took all of me inside and paused on my lap. "Mmmm! THIS is what I have missed!"

She raised herself up, almost completely off my shaft, then lowered herself back onto my lap. "Ahhh! I love the feeling of you filling me up." 

Up and down. My shaft went in and out of her love canal. I slid my hands up her thighs to her waist. I lifted her shirt up over the fleshy mounds I had caressed less than an hour before. I pushed her bra up and again felt her hot flesh in the palm of my hand. 

Her nipples pushed into my palms. My fingers caressed the milky flesh of her breasts. "Mmmm!" I leaned forward and sucked a nipple. I circled her nipple with my tongue. Her velvety womanhood swallowed my manhood over and over. The soft walls caressing the sensitive skin of my shaft.

She held my head and pulled my mouth to hers. She shoved her tongue into my mouth. I sucked it into mine. She pulled it out and pushed it back in. In and out, with the same rhythm I filled her sex with mine she filled my mouth with her tongue. I tried to wrap my tongue around hers, to hold it inside me, but she pulled it out. Then she pushed it right back in, as she sank onto my shaft.

"Come on, baby," she said between breaths. "Fill me up!"

"I'm there. I'm there! You've kept me on the brink since the ballpark."

She placed her hands behind me on the commode. Lifting herself up, she used the commode for leverage and started thrusting with her hips. This was much more pleasurable. I was bearing none of her weight as her hips slipped on and off my manhood. And the visual effect was absolutely stunning. Here was the most beautiful woman in the world riding my shaft in a men's room like it was the last time either of us would make love. I gripped the sides of the seat and thrust myself into her. And there we were; making wild, passionate love where the only contact between us was the velvety softness of her sex and the hardness of my manhood. 

Now all the sensual teasing and the erotic love-making came to a head (so to speak) and my balls were moments from exploding. 

"I'm... I'm gonna cum!"

"Yes, baby! Yes! Cum to me! Cum in me!"

She sucked on my ear. Her tongue traces the ridges of my ear then sticks into it. 

"Unnngghhh!" My seed shot into my wife!

"Yes! Cum!"

"Aahhh!" I exploded again into her hot, wet tunnel.

"I love you, baby! I love you! You make me cum so good!"

"Me, too! Fill me! Give me your love!"

We kept thrusting. I kept shooting. Until finally my load was spent. We stopped and held each other for a moment. Her fire burned around me. But I was softening. A thrust now and then kept my pleasure at its peak. But we couldn't stay. It's a wonder we didn't get caught. But we had to leave. A quick cleanup and a peek to make sure no one was watching, and we were gone... wearing the biggest smiles we've ever had leaving that restaurant.