 Another Saturday night, another gig. The bar was packed tonight. It was actually a good show. The band was tight, and no one got falling down drunk this time. The crowd was really into it too. They were singing along with every song. Almost every chair had a butt in it, and you couldn't fit another person on the dance floor with a shoe horn, it was that packed. 

But, now the show was over and the crowd was thinning out. Even the band had taken off. Either leaving with their significant others or finding their regular weekend groupies. All that is, except the drummer. He was still on stage tearing down his gear. Every weekend it was the same. He ended up alone at the end of the night, breaking down his kit.

"Hey, where'd everybody go? Did they just leave ya here alone?" Jerry, the owner of the bar, asked as he stepped up onto the stage.

The drummer kind of chuckled as he unhooked the pedal from his kick drum. "Jerry, we have this same conversation every month we play here. I'm pretty sure you know the answer to that question."

"Well you never know," Jerry replied. "One of these times, it may turn out different."

"Well Jer, five years of being here at the end of the night, alone, says different...but, yeah, who knows," the drummer retorted. 

Jerry laughed at the comeback. "Actually, I was wondering if you could do me a small favor?"

"Sure," answered the drummer. "What do ya need?"

"Well, my parents' anniversary is tomorrow, and I have to be over there early for the party. So, I was wondering if you could possibly close up for me when you're done here, so I can go home and get some sack time before the party?" the owner finally got around to asking.

"Sure, man. Shouldn't be a problem. I don't have anywhere special to be tonight anyway," said the drummer as Jerry tossed him the keys.

"Thanks man, I owe you one." He heard Jerry say, as the owner closed the door behind himself on his way out. 

Alone again, the drummer started taking the cymbals down off their stands, and removing the drums from their rack mounts. 

Just as he was stacking his drums in the corner, he was startled by a voice from behind. "You were great tonight."

The drummer quickly spun around, somewhat startled, not knowing what to expect, being alone all of five minutes ago. He was more than a little surprised to find it was a girl. No scratch that. This was a woman. Five foot, five inches tall, long blonde hair, standing there in a soft pink pullover sweater, a black leather skirt that was slit up the side, black stockings, and heels that were tied all the way up her calves with ribbons. She was jaw-dropping gorgeous.

The drummer felt more than a little silly now, about performing his 'Jackie Chan, I'm going to kick your ass if you mess with me!' spin move, as a result from the start this lovely creature's voice gave him.

But then he came back down to earth. He figured she was probably there to ask about the guitarist or the singer. That's the way it always was. The guitarist and singer made off with all the women. 

You see, there were only two kinds of people who talked to the drummer before, during, or after the gigs. The first type was the guys, (either drunk or sober) telling him they were drummers also, how many years of experience they'd had, how many bands they'd been in, and inevitably asking if they themselves could get up and play. And then there was the second type, the girls who came up to him, talked to him for five or ten minutes, flattering him about his playing, telling him how good the band sounds, asking where and when their next gig was, then suddenly, BAM, they hit him with a right cross by asking if either the guitarist or singer were single, and then, POW, they finish him off with a upper cut, by asking if he could possibly introduce them to either one of the other musicians. It was a scenario that was played out, it seemed, a thousand times before. And, he expected tonight to be a thousand and one. 

"Thanks," He finally got around to responding. "But, I'm going to just save us both a lot of time and let you know now the singer and guitarist are already gone for the night. I'm afraid I'm the only one here."

She flashed a sideways smile, giggled a bit and told him, "Well that's good because I'm not here to see either one of them. Actually, I'm here to see you."

He paused just a moment waiting either for the punch line, or making sure he heard her right. "Me? You're here to see me?"

"Yes," she replied. "You sound so surprised." He noticed her with a flattered look on her face, tracing little circles on the floor with her foot.

"Well, actually I am." He chuckled and asked, "How'd you know I'd be here?" 

"I've been a fan of the band since the beginning. And, well...you're always the last one left. So, I just knew you'd be here." she answered, with that sideways smile still on her lips. "I sat in the back of the bar till everyone was gone, and I knew I'd get a chance to catch you alone."

'OK, this doesn't happen.' he thought. 'And if it does, it usually starts out with "Dear Penthouse, You won't believe this, I always thought those letters people wrote were fake...That is, until last night."' And yet, this blonde goddess was standing there in front of him, telling him that she was here to see...well, him.

"Wow, I'm really flattered," he managed to finally respond. "Can I get you a drink or something?"

She thought about it for a second. "Yeah, I could go for a Bud Lite. But the owner's gone, is that going to be to be all right? I mean, I don't want you to get into trouble or anything."

"Believe me, it's not going to be any trouble at all," he assured her. "I'm the only one in the band who doesn't drink, and the rest of the guys drink so much, New York wino's go 'Damn, you guys drink a lot!' So, I'm sure me giving you a Bud Lite out of the cooler isn't going to cause any problems. Besides, the owner owes me one for closing for him tonight. If it comes down to it, I'll just call in that favor."

He sat her on the stool at the far end, and walked around behind the bar to the cooler to get her drink. He opened the beer, and set it on a napkin with the bar's logo printed on it, in front of her, then came back around and sat on the stool next to her.

"So, you've been a fan of ours since the beginning?" He asked her as she set the beer back down on the napkin after taking her first drink.

"Yes, I have," she answered. "I was at your first gig when you played at that other bar across the street. I've been there through your line-up changes, like when your original bass player quit, and when your other guitarist got married, and his wife made him leave the group."

He was stunned, and impressed. She wasn't lying. If she knew all that stuff, she had been around since the beginning.

"I'm flattered you like the band and the music so much you've stuck with us all these years," the drummer thanked her.

"Well," she started. "The band and the music are ok...but it's not the reason I've been coming back all this time. I kind of have a thing for the drummer." He noticed her running her fingers up and down the side of the beer can, as she licked her lips.

He blushed and smiled. "Really?" He chuckled "Well now I really am flattered. But, why haven't you done anything about this before? Five years is a really long time."

Now it was her turn to blush. "Well, I just didn't feel the time was right until now. That, and I'm kind of fulfilling a fantasy of mine." She finally revealed.

"Oh?" he asked, even more intrigued. "Tell me about it."

She took another drink, as if drawing courage from the twelve ounce can. "Ok, it starts with us alone, together in a bar after you finished playing a show. Sitting and talking at first, then things slowly progressing from there." Her voice softend but becoming more deliberate as she turned on the stool a bit to face him.

"Alright, we're sitting here, alone, in a bar, I just finished playing a show, and we're talking. What's next?"

"Then," she started again after a short pause. "You usually take my face in you're your hands, and slowly, deeply, and passionately kiss me."

"You mean like this?" he asked as he gently cupped her face in his hands. He then leaned over closer to her, and gave her a couple soft pecks on her warm, flush cheeks, before caressing her soft, red lips with his. Then, tenderly he slipped his tongue past her lips, and it began a playful dual with hers. He slowly pulled back after a couple more quick kisses to her nose. "Now what?"

She softly sighed, cleared her throat, and continued. "This is the part, where I usually notice how, uh, excited and aroused I am."

He kissed her lips again and asked, "Well, are you?"

She locked her eyes on his, took his hand in hers and placed it under her skirt. To his surprise and own excitement, he discovered she wasn't wearing any panties. She ran his fingers slowly up and down her slit, coating them lightly with her juices, then bringing them back out to show him. "What do you think?" she asked, before she licked her sweetness off of them.

"Uhhm...yeah, I think you're quite excited." he answered as he kissed her again. "What happens next?"

She smiled, and put her hands on his shoulders as she gently nudged and pushed him down to his knees, in front of her. He looked up into her eyes, which seemed to be saying 'You know what's next'. He looked back down and noticed she'd pulled her skirt up to her waist, exposing her bright pink, shaved pussy to him. And yes, he knew exactly what was next.

Getting as close as he possibly could without touching it, he began breathing it in deeply. She could feel his hot breath on her womanhood, and it made her sigh. He finally reached up and began running his fingers up and down her lips again just like before. He then gently pulled her lips apart and ran his tongue right up the middle. Softly kissing her clit when he reached the top. He looked up at her again as he gently slid his left index finger into her pussy. She inhaled sharply, and began to run her fingers through his hair.

"Is this how you pictured it happening?" he asked, really wanting to please her.

She pulled him back to her and whispered, "Yes, please don't stop."

He ran his tongue up the left side of her clitoris, down the right side, then gave it a few quick pecks before he sucked it between his lips, swirling his tongue over it. Then, adding another finger, he began to slowly pick up speed, sliding them in and out of her. He began to feel her twitch and squirm on the stool as he snaked his tongue down, licking his fingers each time they slid out of her pussy, and back in to get another coating of her honey. Her lips began to grip his fingers tighter and tighter, with each thrust. As he ran his tongue back up to her clit, she gasped, grabbing him by the back of the head, grasping his head with her thighs pressing against his ears. "YYEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSS!!!" she moaned. "I'm cumming....I'm cumMMMING!!!" But that didn't make him stop. His fingers were now a blur of motion, pistoning in and out, as he looked up at her beautiful face as she came. Almost like she was crying and laughing at the same time, with a couple tears running down her cheeks.

He removed his fingers from her soaking lips, and brought them to his mouth tasting her once again, as he stood up. He kissed the tears as they rolled down her face. Then, running his tongue to her ear, he softly kissed her lobe, and whispered, "Now what?"

She turned her head and kissed his lips, tasting herself on them, then she licked her way to his ear. "Your turn." She answered gently biting his earlobe.

She pushed the drummer back onto the barstool, while pulling his shirt over his head. She tossed it aside, onto the floor, as he kicked his shoes off. He took her in his arms and began to deeply kiss her again. He could feel the softness of her sweater against his skin as their tongues wrapping around each other like two snakes fighting to the death. 

She kissed her way down his neck, biting it slightly. Then she trailed down to his chest, licking and nibbling his nipples, giggling when they got hard. She softly ran her tongue down his stomach, to the waistband of his denim shorts, as she dropped to her knees. Reaching out slowly, she ran the palm of her right hand up and down the crotch of the shorts, before undoing the button at the top, and sliding down the zipper. She hooked her fingers over the waistband of both the Levi short pants, and the white Haynes briefs beneath them, and slowly pulled them down to his ankles, and totally off.

His cock was already hard and throbbing, the tip covered with pre-cum, from the excitement he felt from the tongue-lashing he just gave her a few short minutes ago. 

She reached up and gently wrapped her fingers around the shaft, and brought the glistening head down to her awaiting tongue. Slowly she swirled it from the underside, to the top, around to the front, where she savored the taste of the excitement she gave him. Her right hand now gently pumped up and down, and she heard a slight moan escape his lips. 

She kissed his left thigh as her thumb rubbed circles against the underside of the head. She looked up into his eyes, as she finally took his cock into her mouth. Sucking in her cheeks he could feel the sides of them against his shaft, and he couldn't believe the pleasure the heat from her tongue against the most sensitive part of his being was causing.

Never breaking eye contact, she continued her oral assault, by holding him by the base of his penis and slapping the underside of the head against her tongue. Then going right back deep-throating, and stroking his throbbing member.

She began to feel him tense, and quiver with each lick and stroke her tongue and fingers provided, and she knew he was close. But neither of them really wanted that. Not just yet.

She kissed her way back up his stomach, his chest, his neck, and back to his lips, still softly stroking him, up and down. She asked him if he was ready for the next part, and he replied in the affirmative.

With that she slowly slid the pink sweater over her head, dropping it on the floor next to his shirt. Then unhooking her white lacy bra and seductively sliding it down off her breasts, which she now hid with her arms, before lowering them, revealing her breasts to him in all their glory. 

They were beautiful. Soft but firm. Large but not obnoxious. And definitely real. Light pink areolas surrounded hard, pencil-eraser-sized nipples. He gently cupped them and sucked the right nipple just like he had sucked her clit. She moaned and pulled him to her breast, as his tongue found it's way into her cleavage.

"It's time," she whispered to him, as she turned away, and leaned over the bar.

She raised her skirt to him again, this time from the back. He came up behind her, took his cock into his hand, slowly started to run the tip of it up and down her lips, teasing her a bit before finally sliding himself into her. He could hear her exhale heavily as he entered.

Soon they had a slow rhythm going. She'd slide back to meet his incoming thrust. He could feel her lips gently squeezing him each time he retracted. It felt so good. He lay flat against her back, both of them leaning on the bar. He could feel her warm skin against his chest as he licked her shoulders, and whispered into her ear how much he wanted her, and how good it felt to be inside her. His right hand reached out, taking and holding hers, his left reaching around to rub her clit, finding her left hand was already there. They compromised. He rubbed the right side, she the left. Every once in a while meeting and rubbing the top together. 

All the while her juices covered and lubricated each of his strokes into her. Faster, and faster. He began to feel her knees slowly give under all the excitement. Reluctantly he withdrew. He took her over to a nearby booth, and laid her down on her back.

Hovering over her, his long hair dangling down in her face, he took her hand and placed it on his manhood, which she guided right back into her wet pussy. 

He didn't waste any time this round. No starting slowly, and working up to it. His pace was fast from the start. He leaned up placing her right leg on his shoulder, and began to lick and kiss her calf over the black stocking covering it. Looking down at her, she was looking up watching him, with lust filled eyes. 

Taking the thumb of his right hand he began to rub her engorged clitoris. This got a response as she moaned loudly, with a gurgling-like growl. Quickly he removed himself, and began to rub the underside of the head of his cock on her joy button. Over and over again. She was biting her bottom lip to keep from screaming out in ecstacy, but it was too much. "Oh yes, please, fuck me!" She cried. He drove his cock right back between her swollen lips. But it was all starting to add up. Her gorgeous face, the taste of her still on his lips, the sounds of her moans, her dirty talk, the sound of him sliding in and out of her, and the feel of her soft, wet lips engulfing him, was just too much to handle. 

He leaned against her and whispered into her ear that he was about to explode. And that's all it took for her. With those words, she convulsed under him, in an almost epileptic orgasm, crying out, "Yes, yes, cum for me baby, CUM FOR ME!" Then she bit his shoulder. He kissed her, and asked her where she wanted it to happen. Still in the throws of her own climax, she moaned, she wanted it on her tits.

Pulling out he hopped up on the seat of the booth and straddled her waist. Her right hand reached up and quickly started stroking his throbbing cock. He froze up, and fell silent, as the dam burst. Sending loads of hot, white cream all over her breasts. 

He slowly started to ease back out of his ecstasy induced fog, and loosen up, as he lay down against her again. Kissing her deeply while she still milked him with long, soft strokes. 

As he continued to kiss her, he couldn't help wondering how the fantasy ended.

"So, how does this fantasy of yours finally end?" he asked.

She looked at him sweetly and kissed his nose. "With a repeat performance next week, after the gig."

They got dressed, and said goodnight with a long, deep kiss at the door on their way out.

The next evening the drummer returned to the bar to drop Jerry's keys back off. But much to his surprise, the door was unlocked and Jerry was already inside sweeping up. He stopped his sweeping when he saw his visitor walk in.

"Hey, how'd you get in here if I had your keys?" asked the drummer as he tossed the keys back to Jerry.

"Do you think that's the only set that I have?" laughed Jerry, as he motioned for the drummer to come sit at the bar. 

"How was your parents' party?" 

"Pretty good." Jerry replied. "You know, same ol' stuff. Cake, family, cards, gifts. And, uuhhmm, speaking of gifts, I got one for you."

The drummer wondered what it could be, as the owner of the bar made his way into the back office. Maybe he was going to pay him for closing up last night.

Jerry came back out, and lay a VHS videocassette down on the bar in front of the drummer. "Here you go, I thought you might like this." Jerry said with a coy smile.

Confused the drummer asked, "Uh, what's this?"

Jerry pointed up to the front of the bar. "You see that surveillance camera above the stage?" The drummer nodded silently. "Well, it tapes everything that happens in this bar. That little tape you got right there, is from last night."

The drummer blushed a bright red, and thought this was the end of his band playing here for Jerry. But to his surprise, Jerry started laughing, and all he could get out as he wiped the bar was, "See, I told you.

...You never know."