 Coming to America to try to live out the American Dream was no easy treat, but as I found my way through it all, I found it all worthwhile. I had moved to this country forty years ago, just a 20 year old looking to make a better life than the one I had had in Mexico. The Americans had recruited me for a farm hand program, during the late sixties. They came to my small town and told us of great money just to go deep into the United States. I, like many young men, felt that this was the only way to get out of this poor living that we had endured for years.

It turned out that America wasn't as great as I had thought. In my mind there would have been great money and wealth, and I had ignorantly thought that I would almost immediately get a hold of it. It started of by American officials treating us like Animals, spraying dust and other chemicals to get rid of ticks and other things that we supposedly had, even though most of us were pretty clean men. We were carted of in crowded buses and sent of to the central part of the United States. I had been sent to this place called Kansas, it was a long bus ride, exhausting and very uncomfortable. I was looking for a great farm, with nice living arrangements, and really something better than what I had been living with. Instead three other men and I were placed in old pig pens that had been boarded up, with four beds so we could sleep in. We were virtually in the middle of nowhere, the nearest town was about an hour and a half away, and we only were able to go there on weekends when our boss would take us to go shop.

Life was hard, we worked long hours and our boss was a mean man that treated us worse than he treated his own animals. We all longed to go back to Mexico, but we knew that we had to continue to work through these horrible conditions if we wanted a better life. We hated our boss and usually insulted him in Spanish. He would usually just give us a snicker and leave. We knew very little English at the time, but what we knew was enough to get us through this tough time. The only good part about living on that farm was the boss's younger wife; she was a beautiful blonde girl. She was probably the only person that was ever nice to us while we were there. She brought us food while we were on the fields and did her best to communicate with us and make us feel as though we were actually people.

After a few months a few the guys that I had been working with heard of a little town a few hours away that had a nice bar and had a lot of girls. By this time we had saved some money and had bought and old fixer upper truck from the boss, so we could get around. All four of us left that night, hoping to finally get some action, it had been long enough. We got to the small town and entered the bar; as soon as we entered the owner threw us out, so there we were, miles from home with nothing to do. Then a nice older Mexican lady came out and asked us if we would like to join her, she was having a little get together with a couple of the local farm workers. We were ecstatic; we were finally going to get to see some of our old countrymen. 

"Bienvenidos, please have a seat, and there's beer over there," said the ladies husband as we arrived. I couldn't believe it, my own people, and free beer, what else could I want.

As the party continued more people arrived at the party. Several women were there, most of them didn't know much Spanish, and probably felt that they were better than us farm workers. That of course didn't stop my friends from trying to get with them. After a while it didn't matter that we couldn't speak the same language, most of the girls got drunk and we were pretty much drunk too so we finally got some. I was a little nervous but this cute brunette came over and just started to kiss me. She then led me inside the house to a bedroom upstairs. There she threw me on the bed and started to rub my hard dick. I was so horny that as soon as I had seen her approach me I had gotten a hard on.

"Hey little farm boy, what's your name," She said as she lay on top of me.

"My name is Jose," I said using the little English that I knew then.

"Well Jose, do you like me, would you like to fuck a gringa, that's how you call us right," she said as she started to have dry sex with me, which almost made me cum right then and there.

"Si señora, yes I mean," I said as I started to undo the buttons on her dress, she saw me struggle a bit and just pulled it off.

She was a very attractive woman, I was frankly shocked, it was probably that she was drunk that made her want to fuck me, she just wanted some dick. She had nicely sized tits, about a size C, they looked even bigger when she took everything off, or I was just drunk. Her pussy was a little hairy but I really didn't care all I wanted was to put my throbbing dick in her pussy.

She kept on dry humping me and we kissed passionately. She then moved down and unbuttoned my pants to let out my hard on, she stared in awe when she let it out, and just licked her lips. She then moved her face to it, I got scared, and I didn't know what the heck oral sex was and thought she was going to bite me.

"Oh don't worry Jose, I won't bite, here, relax, I lick," she said as she showed me by licking her arm.

I was very horny so I trusted her. She started to lick my dick, I was a little apprehensive at first but was surprised at the pleasure that I received.

"Jose, I love your big dick, I've never seen anything like this," she said as she kept on licking it.

She stopped licking it and then put it all in her mouth, almost like a lollipop and started to suck on it like that. I had an orgasm almost instantly in her mouth; I thought that she would be mad.

"I'm sorry señora, I'm sorry," I said as she took her mouth off my dick.

"Oh Jose don't be sorry, I love drinking your juices, especially from a big dick like yours."

She started to kiss me again and I thought I should return the favor, in my mind if she could put her mouth on my dick then I could probably do the same with her. I had not heard of eating a girl out and she hadn't either, but she was very horny and just shuddered and I started to lick the outer parts of her pussy lips. Her body arched as I inserted my tongue into her pussy. I was surprised at the effect that this had.

"Jose, Jose, oh yes, ahhhhhhh!" She screamed and moaned over and over, her body arching and her pussy contracting every several seconds. She finally had to push me off, she looked exhausted and happy.

"Jose, you are the best lover ever, you did a good job," she said, "Now it is time you left, I don't want my husband to come back and see us like that."

"Yes señora, I will leave," I said we the deep accent I had at the time. I didn't even know she was married but I didn't care that was the best sex that I had ever had. We left for the farm and didn't have time to come back for a while as harvesting season came along.

As time passed by I realized that my boss's wife called me more and more often to help her out with certain chores around the house. My boss didn't like this much but he had no option, he had to make sure his wife was taken care of. I found out later that he tried to get her a maid but she rejected the thought and told him to not worry, that I was a good man, did a great job, and he wouldn't have to spend anymore money.

I was helping out the boss's wife, who now wanted me to call her Cathy, when I saw the brunette with which I had had sex with many months ago. I was a little nervous and was confused at what to do; she just smiled at me and looked away. A little later Cathy called me in and 'introduced' me to the brunette, her name was Amy, and I said nice to meet you, and then left to finish doing the yard work. I was scared that her husband might come, or they may fire me, all those crazy thoughts ran through my mind since I had seen her. Every time I looked in through the window I would see them giggle.

Amy left with no incident, which was great news to me. After that encounter Cathy kept needing more of my services and tried to flirt with me, but I wasn't sure. It was during one night that she called me in to try to replace a light bulb that she tried to make the moves on me. My boss was out in the nearest town selling the yearly harvest and wouldn't be back for a few days, so she was home alone. I replaced the bulb and was heading back to my shack when she called me.

"Jose would you mind sitting here and having some tea with me, it's lonely and I would appreciate it if you stayed and kept me company, just for a while," she said as she sat there in her nightgown.

"Okay Cathy," I said.

We sat there and made small talk for a while, talking mostly about the good harvest and what we would need to plant next year when she suddenly brought up Amy.

"Jose you remember Amy, you know the one with brown, what's brown, cafe, anyway, have you ever seen her before."

"No señora, that was first time."

"Jose there's no need to lie, she told me all about you two, don't worry, no one will find out, I just found it interesting that you would go for someone like her when you have someone like me."

That caught me by surprise, I turned red, and started to get up and leave, "I must go, sleep, tired."

"Jose, please sit, there's no need to be ashamed, she just told me about the amazing pleasure that you showed her, and was wondering if you could do the same for me?"

"No señora, I get fired, I must go."

"Jose no one will know, just show me some pleasure, John never does anything for me, and I'm really horny."

I was going to continue to try to get out of this, I really didn't want to get involved in this whole thing, but she started to close all the blinds then from behind me started to kiss my neck, which almost instantly melted me, and also gave me a semi-hard on.

"You like that Jose, don't you, now be a good boy and follow me to my room."

I did exactly as she told me, I walked behind her and stared at her nice firm ass as she walked, and it almost danced. She told me to sit on the bed as she took off her nightgown to reveal a beautiful, milky white body. She had nice firm tits, they were not huge but they were a nice hand full, and her pussy hairs were amazingly trimmed, something that I had never seen at the time.

"Wow Jose, Amy told me about your dick, but I'm still amazed," she said as she saw my huge boner through my pants. "Now you get naked, take off your clothes."

I did as she said and undid my pants.

"Oh my, that is the biggest one I've ever seen, why, John's not even half that size," she said as she started at my erect dick. This made me feel much more like a man, my dick was bigger than my boss, that was amazing, something that I never thought about but which somehow made me feel more powerful than ever.

She sat down next to me, on the bed, and then pointed to her nice pussy, with little blonde hairs, which were nearly invisible. I knew that she wanted me to pleasure her like I had pleasured her friend. So I got on my knees in front of her, spread apart her beautiful long pale legs, and started to lick her outer thighs. She trembled as I did this, she scratched me and tried to pull my hair as I got closer to her pussy.

"Jose, oh my, Jose, your great," she said as I moved closer to her pussy. I then licked the outer edge of her pussy entrance, she trembled every time I did this, I then tried to make a little more room, and moved her pussy lips apart with my hand when I found a little bump inside her pussy, I licked it and almost instantly she screamed and squished my face and screamed in pleasure.

"Jose do that again, that is the most wonderful I've ever felt," she said as she smiled at me.

I guess I had found the pleasure button to this woman, I licked that little bump slowly and she screamed and moaned as I did that. I then started to suck on it and she almost instantly started to push her pussy into my lips and scream once again. I couldn't believe it, how could I give a woman so much pleasure like this. She grabbed my shoulders and stared at me and signaled for me to get up. I did as she did, and she stared at my dick as I got up.

"Jose that was incredible, now I want more pleasure I want you to put your dick," she pointed towards my dick, "into my vagina," and she pointed towards her pussy. 

This is what I had wanted to fuck a gringa that was incredible; finally, I would be able to leave my juices in a milky white beautiful lady.

She laid down on the bed and opened her legs a little, I got on top of her and slowly aimed my dick towards her juicy, moist pussy.

"Do it Jose, stick your giant dick into my pussy."

I put the head of my dick in and she almost cried. She had never had anything like that in her, so I eased out a little and gave her some time to relax. As I did this I saw how beautifully her tits glowed, gleaming with moisture from the excitement she had experienced, so I started to suck on them slowly. Apparently no one had done this to her before because she started to moan once more.

"Oh Jose, that feels wonderful, ohhh, yes," she said as I slowly sucked on her tits, caressing the other with my hand and slowly massaging it.

I then slowly moved my dick back towards her pussy, as I kept on sucking her tits, and slowly pushed my way into her tight pussy.

"Jose, ohhh, Jose, ohhh, ahhh," she kept on saying as I inched my way into her pussy. As soon as I got my whole dick into her pussy I started to move back and forth slowly.

"Ohhhh Jose," she would moan everytime I moved back into her.

I started to pick up the pace, she grabbed me and rammed me into her and screamed in pleasure, "Jose, ohhhhh, yes, yes, stick that dick into me, I want you to fill me up, ohhhh, yes, fuck me, ohhhh, harder, ohhhhh my, ahhhh!"

I felt her first orgasm coming when she scratched me and rammed me into her, I followed suit and started to fuck her harder going deeper into her than ever. I felt her pussy contract on my dick as I went in farther each time. She started to scream and tremble as she had her orgasm, which squeezed my dick inside her pussy and made me, let out a huge load inside of her. 

She lay there with her eyes closed, tired, this was probably the best sex she had ever had. I slowly took out my dick and put my clothes back on. I looked at her beautiful body on time, all gleaming with sweat with drops of my cum on her beautiful pussy and then left.

Turns out that I had finally achieved the American dream, and continued to do so for quite some time. Every time that the boss got bitchy I just remembered his wife and laughed to myself, poor fool, he might be able to push me around her, but I was fucking his wife.