 The two years since my divorce had been filled with loneliness and depression, and my few attempts at dating had been awkward and unsatisfying. I had deeply loved my wife, and until she met Paul we'd been very happy together and enjoyed a good sex life. After the divorce, the few dates that ended in bed had provided temporary physical relief but left me feeling empty and emotionally numb. Fortunately, I was able to immerse myself in my work and managed for the most part to hide my unhappiness. Some of my frustration seemed to find an outlet in mastering the challenges presented by my job, and from Monday through Friday I was reasonably content. Weekends were, of course, a different story.

The company I work for designs digital audio recording equipment, and we recently completed a long and arduous project. The company, in an unusually benevolent mood, decided to reward the design team with a "conference"/vacation in Tahiti, with the "conference" portion consisting of an hour per day of informal meetings. This was included to satisfy the corporate accountants; most of us saw it as an excuse to unwind after a successful and stressful project. Workaholic that I was, I expected a boring week of swatting insects, drinking too sweet tropical cocktails, and missing my work-station/world back home. I was in for a big surprise. 

Upon arrival at the Islander Hotel and checking into my room ( a private suite...hmmm.... company stocks must be on an upturn...), I went to the bar to see if they served anything other than the typical coconut-and-sugar fare. I was delighted to find a goodly assortment of imported beers including some obscure German darks. Perhaps this week wouldn't be so bad after all.... 

Ten minutes later I walked out on the patio with my second beer in hand and a warm fuzz beginning to grow in my head. The sun was just beginning to set, and it looked like it was actually diving under the sea. I stood and enjoyed the view for a while, and when I turned to go back inside I was surprised to see that one of my few female co-workers had also been watching. I couldn't recall her name, since she was fairly new to our department and worked on a different portion of the project than I. 

I'd seen her in the halls and cafeteria from time to time but we'd never spoken beyond a few words in passing. Because she was attractive there was the usual office gossip going around, and what I had heard of it seemed to indicate that she was unavailable. No ring, no boyfriend in evidence, but the engineers who had asked for dates had all been gently but firmly turned away. 

The office idiots speculated that she was a lesbian (probably in a vain attempt to soothe their bruised egos), but I had written her off my prospective date list, such as it was, as being simply "OOML" ( Out Of My League). It was nice to see an attractive female face and figure so far from home, but I had no thoughts of getting to know her better. Deciding that German beer and empty stomach make an unpleasant match, I went inside to eat dinner and thought no more about her.

The next morning, after our "meeting", we were free for the day. My friends were going skin-diving, which didn't interest me that day, so I decided to explore a bit of the island by myself. I headed inland and quickly left civilization behind. The terrain became hilly and the vegetation was fairly dense; I had thoughts of Gilligan's Island, and I naturally saw myself in the role of the professor. "Now where's that delicious little Mary Anne?" I thought with a grin on my face and sweat rolling down my forehead.

I was really beginning to regret not having brought a canteen, and then I heard the sound of flowing water up ahead. The foliage was very dense now and I had to crawl on hands and knees to approach the source of the sound. As I crawled I snagged my shirt on a branch, and when I stopped to free myself I ahead toward the water. I was delighted to see a small waterfall cascading into a crystal-clear pool the size of a small swimming pool. Lush ferns all around, the sound of tropical birds in the trees, a nice rock to dive from... this was simply Paradise! 

As I prepared to part the remaining branches and run to the pool and dive in, clothes and all, a sound caught my ear and I stopped to find its source. There beyond the rock, lying next to the pool in the briefest of bikinis, was the same girl I'd seen on the patio the evening before! What a coincidence! I hesitated, torn between the desire to stare and the feeling that I was intruding and should leave without disturbing her privacy. For the moment I simply stared... 

I was amazed at how good she looked with her long hair unpinned and that gravity-defying bikini on. Even more striking was the powerful sense of "rightness" about the setting. She really looked like she'd been born just for this moment in this exact place. This added to my feeling of being an intruder, so I resolved to leave. Just as I was turning my hungering eyes away from her I saw her reach behind her and unfasten the bikini top, and all my resolve melted in an instant. 

The top fell away as she sat up, and I nearly sighed out loud when I saw her breasts. It wasn't their size but rather their shape: they were the most beautiful I'd ever seen. About average size, but full and round with no trace of sagging. As she moved they swayed gently like I imagined pears on a tree would in a light breeze. I was sure these would taste better than any pear I'd ever had! The nipples were light pink and fairly large, and my mouth literally watered as I stared.

I knew I should be a gentleman and leave immediately, but my body didn't seem to get the message. In fact, a certain part of me showed clear indications of sticking around. It was sticking up more every second.

What happened next almost stopped my heart: she reached up and cupped one of those beauties in her hand... not firmly, as I might have at the moment, but with an ultra-feminine gentleness that filled me with both lust and wonder. It looked like she was cuddling a soft, fluffy kitten. It seemed as though she was exploring herself for the very first time. She softly caressed it for a while, and then moistened two fingers in the water and began to rub the nipple delicately. Her head tilted back and a low sigh escaped her parted lips. I imagined that it was my tongue rather than her fingers, and I could almost taste her. At the same time I got a strong sensation that she was imagining the exact same thing! Well, that was silly... we didn't even know each other. Still, a nice thought... 

I watched this for several minutes, unaware that my heart rate and blood pressure had taken a steep climb. I forgot about the surroundings, my job, my ex-wife... the whole world was right here before my eyes. I was nearly in a hypnotic state, though far from relaxed. My mouth hang so far open I probably would have tripped over my moustache had I attempted to walk. My eyes tracked every movement of her hands like radar!

Suddenly she stood up and turned away, momentarily breaking the spell. Her hands went to her waist, and I watched her slowly work her bikini bottom down until it fell at her feet. She didn't turn around, which was okay with me because I got a long look at her lovely ass. She was obviously not a nude sunbather because her tan stopped at the waist, leaving her hips a striking white in contrast to her tanned back and legs. 

I liked the effect of this, and was in no hurry at all for her to turn around, though I was curious to see if she was a natural blonde. Her were lush, probably too full for a modeling career (for which I was glad!), and my hands clenched involuntarily in desire to caress this wonderful treasure. Her legs parted, and I got a glimpse of golden fleece between them.

My erection throbbed painfully and I became aware of the sound of my own heart beating in my ears. I'd never before been this excited! While one hand petted her hips, her other slipped in front, and I realized she was fingering herself. A loud moan reached my ears, and as she turned toward me I shockingly realized that the groan was mine! 

I froze in shame and terror as she stared right at me. I didn't know if she could actually see me through the plants but her reaction showed that she knew she'd been watched. When she snatched up her towel to cover herself I panicked and ran, my rapidly-shrinking erection not making my flight any easier.

As I crashed through the thick growth my mind was full of competing thoughts of disgust with myself, sympathy for her embarrassment, and my desire for this exquisite woman. I hoped against reason that she had been unable to recognize my face through the branches, and even feared I might lose my job. Then I realized that she would be reluctant to report the incident, and I hadn't actually broken any laws. I certainly didn't go there to spy on her! Still, the knowledge that she would likely consider me a peeping Tom made me sad and ashamed. Any chance I had of getting to know her was gone as surely as was my hard-on.

The employees had dinner together on the patio that evening, and when I eventually made eye contact with her she quickly averted her eyes and blushed. Well, that settled the question of her recognizing me. She avoided looking in my direction for the rest of the evening, so I took the opportunity to watch her closely. 

Her innocent face and graceful movements reminded me of a cat, and this brought on a vivid mental image of her cuddling and petting her lovely breasts. I discretely "adjusted" myself as my penis began to protest the tight confinement of my jeans. It obviously had a different sort of tightness in mind. As I watched her, I became aware that my interest was transcending lust for her body. I felt a strong curiosity about the reason for her shyness and aloofness, especially since I'd seen clear evidence of her passionate nature.

I'm a real cat lover, and had successfully kept custody of our two after the divorce. I have always admired their grace and sensuality, and their ability to act wholly disinterested and unresponsive to my playful overtures even though their curious minds were racing. And when a cat decides it wants affection, it casts its dignity aside and makes an absolute floozy of itself! 

I wondered what sort of trauma had made her act the way she did, and I had a brief romantic knight-in-shining-armor fantasy of being the one who soothed and kissed away her pain and fear. Strange as it may seem, I believe I was beginning to fall in love with her. This realization filled me with sadness since I knew what she now thought of me. Was I really guilty of anything? I didn't intentionally spy on her, I hadn't tried to rape her or anything..... I just couldn’t help myself from watching. 

I knew how weak this argument sounded, and in despair I went back to my room convinced I'd never speak to her again. In the shower I remembered her wet fingers on her erect nipple, and I masturbated myself to orgasm. It didn't take long, and did nothing to relieve my frustration and guilt. 

Two days later I returned to the pool. I knew she wouldn't be there since I left while she was still eating breakfast. I carried a towel and suntan lotion and made sure she saw them when I left. I'm not sure if I was inviting her or warning her away, but I knew she was aware of my destination. 

The late-morning sun was very hot, and I again reached the pool soaked in sweat. This time there were no distractions, and I dived right in without bothering to remove my sweaty clothes. The water was cooler than I had expected and very pleasant after my hot walk. I stood under the waterfall for a while and got a great massage.

"Ahhh...this is truly Paradise! What could possibly feel better than this?", I asked myself. 

Memories of my last visit to the pool filled my mind, and I became sadly aware of exactly what would feel MUCH better than this. 

"Not bloody likely!", I muttered. 

She definitely didn't seem the type to be attracted to "peeping Toms". The thought filled me with resentment... not against her but against my own stupidity in not leaving while I still could have. My mood spoiled, I left the water and decided to take a nap. As the sun began to dry my clothes my shorts caused an unpleasant itch, so I stripped naked and lay down on the towel next to the pool. I was asleep within minutes.

I was awakened by the sound of something moving in the bushes, and my first drowsy thought was that some large, hungry animal was coming to visit. My sleep-fogged mind churned out the conclusion that there were probably no predators of the big-cat type in Tahiti, but I remembered lots of accounts of sharp-tusked wild pigs. Just as I was about to spring up I heard a tentative "hello", and the branches parted to reveal the object of my desire. 

I grabbed the first thing at hand, my t-shirt, and covered my naked crotch, though not very thoroughly. I was embarrassed about being caught nude, but also very curious about why she had come when she knew I'd be here. I answered her greeting as she approached the pool, and then waited to see what she'd say next. An awkward silence ensued that seemed to last for hours. She finally sat down on the rock about 5 feet away and stared intently at the pool. 

The silence was almost physically painful, so I started to say something glib and probably stupid. Instead, I heard myself apologizing and asking for her understanding and forgiveness. It must have been the right thing to say, because she visibly relaxed and looked into my face. 

"My name's Katrina, but please call me Kitty", she said in a soft voice. " 

Kitty... now that's appropriate. 

“I'm Alex, and I'm very glad to finally meet you. Sorry it's been in such a messy way", I said. 

I immediately regretted the "appropriate" bit, but she didn't ask for clarification. 

"Yes, I knew your name already, Alex"... oh, I liked the way my name sounded from her lips! 

A shiver of pleasure ran up my spine, and I realized I was indeed falling for her. At the same time I felt very uncomfortable sitting there with only a t-shirt covering my loins. I'd have liked to get dressed, but I didn't feel like asking her to turn her head, and the whole thing seemed sort of silly since I'd seen nearly all of her the other day. 

The silence resumed, but was pleasant this time. She seemed to be deep in thought, and I was afraid to ask why. Finally she asked why I thought "Kitty" was an appropriate name for her, and I told her. I knew I was saying too much and that I was making my longing for her clearer with every word, but I couldn't stop.

" I'm sorry, I'm getting carried away. I have no right to lay this on you", I said, sure that I'd scared her off. 

The thought that she must have been similarly attracted to me (otherwise she'd not have come to the pool) never even entered my mind. She said nothing for a long time, and then chuckled 

"I thought you looked like a cat lover. Guess I was right".

We laughed together at this and the tension lessened a bit more. Seizing the moment, I asked her why she seemed so aloof at work. 

"Oh, that's just a front I put up to keep the guys away". 

" Well, it sure has worked, but why do you want to do that?", I asked. I thought it best not to mention that most of the guys claimed she was gay. 

"Ummm...I'd rather not talk about it", she said with a deep sigh, and then I noticed tears beginning to roll down her cheeks. 

I wanted badly to hug her and comfort her, but my t-shirt would have fallen off and left me exposed. I didn't want to think about sex while she was crying.

"Well, maybe I should tell you; I've had some bad experiences with men... no, not rape or anything like that...in high school I was sort of plain looking and shy, and the few boys I dated were only interested in sex. They never wanted to know me as a person, and the closest they'd get to being romantic was a few obligatory kisses before getting inside of me. They didn't care about my pleasure at all, and left me feeling frustrated and used. Then in college my folks had a bad car wreck; my mother died and my Dad was an invalid. Between caring for him and my school work I had no time for a social life. He died soon after I graduated and began working, but the dates I've had since then haven't been much better than the ones in high school. When men realize I don't have much experience they seem to think they can forget about pleasing me and just have their own good time. One guy even laughed at me afterwards and called me "little miss priss". That really hurt! I guess men want girls who look and act like Playboy centerfolds. Ordinary women like me are just temporary stop-overs in their search for Miss Whatever-the-month. My hips are too big, my bust too small, nose not straight enough.... I just don't measure up, I guess".

After a while I looked her in the eye and said

"Maybe you just dated the wrong guys. We're not all like that... I'm certainly not that way". She returned my gaze for a moment, then looked shyly away and said 

"No, I didn't think you would be. That's why I was so glad you came on this trip. I've watched you for a long time but was always afraid to show any sign of interest. I haven't had a date in years, and I don't know how to act with men any more". 

Silence again. My mind raced with the implications of this. She wanted me! And not just sexually! I could scarcely believe my ears. For the moment I had no thought of sex; I was caught up in pure romance. Her next question put me back in sex mode:

"When you saw me....ummm...touching myself...were you shocked? I must have looked so wicked. What did you think of me?". 

She was unable to look at me as she said this, and her lip trembled a bit. I considered my answer for a while; 

"It was the most beautiful and arousing thing I've ever seen in my life. You looked so natural, like you belong here. What were you thinking?.”

"About you", she said in a small voice. 

"I was imagining it was you touching me. I couldn't believe it when I saw you watching, and now I wish... I wish you hadn't left". 

I remembered the sudden impression of my tongue on her hard nipple and realized she had been thinking and feeling the same thing. A mental video of the scene began playing in my head, only this time it was indeed me that was giving her pleasure. A powerful stirring in my groin brought me back to the present, and I looked down to see my excitement becoming quite visible beneath the thin t-shirt. She followed my gaze, and gave a soft sigh when she saw what was happening. 

"Am I the cause of that?", she asked, a rhetorical question if ever I heard one.

We both stared as if hypnotized as my cock became fully erect and the head slowly appeared above the t-shirt edge. I instinctively started to cover myself, but she said

"No, please... I've never really seen one in the light, and never this big". 

Now I'm no John Holmes, so she was either very naive or a clever flatterer. At any rate, I liked the sound of it, and I slowly pulled the t-shirt away. Her new-found boldness encouraged me, too, so I said

"Why don't you take a closer look, then?".

She sat down beside me, staring all the more at my rigid pole. 

"Isn't that uncomfortable?", she asked with a smile. 

"Well, there are ways to make it go away. They take a little time and effort, but I think I can promise you'll find them well worth it", I said with only half a smile. 

I could see her nipples also becoming erect through the thin material of her bikini, and I imagined that she was getting a little wet. 

Her hair was in a ponytail, and I made our first contact by undoing it and smoothing it out until her hair looked the way it had before. Not wanting to rush things, I gently turned her away from me and began to massage her neck and shoulders gently. 
