 As always, this work of fiction is for adult eyes only. And by that, I mean someone who can handle graphic stories of sex. Those of you under 18 and those of you over 18 who are shocked or disgusted by graphic sex stories should not be reading this. For that matter I wonder why someone like that even visits a site such as this. Nevertheless, if you are not frigid and enjoy sexually explicit stories, do read on. Don't forget to vote and feel free to leave me some feedback, good or bad. And remember, please, always practice safe sex.

What is the driving force behind cheating? What is it that makes it so hard to stay faithful and true to your vows of celibacy? Taboo. That's right, taboo. Simply put, it's wrong, so it feels good. You know, sex and drugs and rock and roll and all that. We always want the things that are bad for us don't we? We want to have our cake and eat it too. Temptation and lust are difficult to resist. Cheating is wrong - taboo - and that's what makes it all that much more exciting. I've cheated on past girlfriends and been cheated on as well. It's a terrible thing to do to someone you care about. Nevertheless we do it. We often regret it afterwards but sometimes we just cannot resist temptation. Sexual desire is the strongest emotion humans feel. This is a story of my succumbing to temptation. 

It was a Friday night and my wife had gone to bed early after a long week of work. Now in our early thirties, we'd been married for five years. We have two kids and are very happy. I had no desire to cheat on my wife. Not a realistic desire that is. I mean I check out women all the time. I often think to myself, 'damn I'd love to fuck her brains out!' That doesn't mean I'd ever try to make it happen. 

Cheating on one's partner does not imply that the cheater does not love the cheated upon. In fact, often it is simply a lack of will power that drives us to give in to our sexual urges. They say variety is the spice of life, and though you may love 'oregano', you may still want to try a little 'basil' from time to time, so to speak. What I'm saying is that although you love your spouse, sometimes, basic human urges drive us to want to experience something or someone different. 

I didn't go out that night intending, expecting or desiring to cheat on my wife. She'd fallen asleep early that night and I was bored. So I went down to the local bowling alley where I knew some people that I knew, might be hanging out. I used to work there so I figured it was likely I'd know someone who was there. 

I was right. There was guy I knew, hanging out in the bar, who used to hang out often when I worked there. His name was Brady and he was a casual bowler, a couple of years younger than me, who often came in on weekend nights to the special events like cosmic bowling and with a hot date every time. This night was no exception. Her name was Nicole and she was drop dead gorgeous. She stood 5' 3" with beautiful long and wavy blonde hair. She was only 22 years old and had a near perfect body. Brady was one lucky guy. 

Nicole had a friend with her as well. Her name was Anissa and she and Nicole were roommates. She too was only 22 years old. I found her very attractive, though not all guys would necessarily feel that way. I doubt any man could dispute how pretty a face she had. She just didn't have a perfect body like Nicole. She was about 5' 5" tall and while I wouldn't describe her as fat, she was a little overweight. Chubby is the word, or as I like to describe a woman like that, healthy. And deliciously so in my opinion, but she was just not everyone's cup of tea. 

However what was really working against her was her shyness. She seemed really nice but very shy. She didn't speak too much during the night though I'm sure she was feeling like a third wheel. She and I spoke a little bit but I was mostly talking to Brady. Remember, I'd not gone out to pick up on another girl. I had no intentions, bad or otherwise on my mind. That doesn't mean though that I didn't think to myself, 'Damn I'd love to fuck her brains out!' But as I said before, that didn't mean I was going to try to make it happen either. 

Though we didn't talk to each other a lot, we did get along well. As I said, she was just shy. 

The four of us played some pool together. We paired up and of course, Brady and Nicole were one team and Anissa and I were the other. I couldn't help myself from admiring the wonderful curves her body had. Her breasts weren't especially big, though they were certainly more than a mouthful. Her ass was the kind Sir-Mix-A-Lot would appreciate. Nice and round. 

I love a small tight ass as much as the next guy (and believe me I was checking out Nicole's all night too), but I can certainly appreciate a round, full butt as well. Anissa's ass was nicely round yet firm. She also had a fabulous set of legs for a guy like me, with large thighs (but not overly so) that seem to invite you to kiss and lick your way to her sweet little honey pot. 

She was a brunette and as I mentioned, she had a very pretty face. I was definitely very attracted to her, but again, I had no desire to have it lead anywhere. I might jerk myself off later at home thinking about her but that was it. 

As it got near closing time, Brady told me that Nicole had some great weed back her apartment and that the three of them were going back there to smoke. He asked if I'd be interested and, well as I always say, a friend with weed is a friend indeed. So I took him up on the offer and it was decided that Anissa would ride over with me to help me find the place. 

Since Anissa went to the bathroom before we went, Brady and Nicole left first. On the way there, Anissa and I just chitchatted about where we were from and our families and such. I was up front about being married and I doubt at that point that either of us expected to end up sleeping together. We weren't really flirting, just being friendly. I was a little surprised that Anissa smoked pot but apparently looks were deceiving. In fact she turned out to be a real pothead like myself.

They had only one parking spot for the apartment and Nicole had taken that of course, leaving me to find a spot on the street. Being a weekend night made it difficult to find a spot and we were two blocks away. With our delays and the fact that they left first, Nicole and Brady arrived at least 10 minutes before us. They had in fact, already disappeared into Nicole's room by the time we'd arrived. 

Anissa didn't seem to surprised however. She told me matter of factly that Nicole was a bit of a slut and had only met Brady a couple of nights earlier. She wasn't angry about it, just honest. If anything, I suspected that Anissa might be envious. 

I was thinking that since Nicole had the pot and had gone off to get laid, that I would be leaving. Anissa however told me not to worry, she too had some killer green and if I still wanted to smoke that she had a cool bong in her room. Still with no untoward intentions, I took her up on the generous offer. 

She indeed had a very cool bong and some killer bud. Sitting together on her bed we both got serious red eye and soon we were giggling like teenagers. We smoked several bowls and then, after about twenty minutes, we began to hear something that changed the course of the evening. 

At first it was a low moaning sound, Anissa was the first to hear it.

Quieting our laughing with a shush-shush sound, she said, "Do you hear that? Do you know what that is?" 

Thinking I might I asked, "Is that what it sounds like?" 

"Yep, that's the sound of my roommate having sex" was her response. "Like I said, she's a bit of a slut and these walls are paper thin. I've heard her before. She gets pretty loud. You haven't heard nothin' yet."

My interest was piqued. "Really? Have you ever told her?"

"Are you kidding me, if I did she might be quieter" she said grinning from ear to ear. "She's asked me but I just tell her I can't hear a thing."

Being a confirmed voyeur I was now feeling urges to take this conversation in places that I ought not to go. Like I said before, temptation is so difficult to resist, and this was getting very tempting.

She took the next step. "Put your ear to the wall and you can hear everything!"

I quickly followed her lead and pressed my ear to the wall. It was hard to hear anything but the beating of my rapidly pounding heart, yet I distinctively heard Nicole saying "come on baby, don't stop. Please don't stop. Lick it, yeah! Oh fuck that feels good! Mmmm, yeah! Come on baby, make me cum please!" 

That was followed by more of that kind of talk along with more moaning and groaning. She was clearly enjoying what Brady was doing with his tongue. So was I and evidently so did Anissa. 

Anissa was wearing a pair of 501's and red cotton t-shirt. She'd had a black button up sweater on earlier but had removed it when we came in the room. We were facing each other sitting on her bed with our ears pressed against the wall. I couldn't believe that this shy young woman was getting into this. 

She had a big grin on her face and her nipples were rock hard! For that matter, so was I. 

I was wearing a pair of light brown Khakis and they weren't doing much to disguise that fact. I soon noticed Anissa sneaking peaks at my obvious bulge. That sent me racing. Suddenly I was feeling very strong urges and sensing a losing fight to resist them. I wanted to see, suck and pinch those hard nipples badly. I wanted to see if she felt as soft all over as she looked and to find out if she tasted just as delicious. I really wanted to fuck her and I doubted I could say no at this point if she asked me to. 

I wanted so badly to be good but what can I say, I'm a weak man. 

I broke the silence. "So you like listening to her get laid?"

Sheepishly she admitted that really got turned on by the sound of sex. Her face now bright red and she was avoiding eye contact. I sensed that she wanted to sleep with me as much as I did her but she wanted, or maybe even needed, me to make the obvious move. Unless one of us stopped this quickly this was going to go places it shouldn't. 

"I totally love the sound of sex. It's such a turn on!" I said. "I love the way it looks too. I love to watch people have sex but listening like this does it for me just the same."

Her eyes now beaming wide and looking right at me she asked "Have you ever seen two people actually doing it?" 

"Yup! It's totally hot. I watched my ex once with this guy..." I was interrupted by the sound of Nicole now getting drilled hard.

"Fuck me! Goddamn Brady fuck me! Fuck that feels good. Aaghg! Ung! Yes! Yes! Fuck me baby, fuck meee!"

I lost my train of thought at that. Anissa's nipple's caught my attention again at that moment. I couldn't help but stare. I didn't even notice myself licking my lips but she did. 

For the next 10 minutes, we were glued to the wall listening to Anissa's blond bombshell roommate get drilled hard by my friend Brady. The walls were indeed paper-thin and we could hear every word. That allowed my mind to put together decent image of what was going on just a few feet away. 

I suspect we may have missed the sound of Brady getting an opening blowjob, and we first heard her when he was then returning the oral favor. After a stunning orgasms, she climbed on top of him and rode him for a while. 

"Ride my cock baby, yeah, that's it! Ride it! Ride it hard baby!" were the type of things Brady said, confirming that she was on top. 

After a few minutes of passionate hardcore sex, we heard Brady instruct Nicole to roll over. "I'm wanna fuck you doggy! 

"Oh gawd!! Yes! That feels goooood! Fuck me Brady!" we heard Nicole cry out in response to this new position. 

My jaw dropped a few minutes later when to my delight, I heard Nicole beg Brady to cum on her face! 

In addition to being a voyeur, I love to see facials. Call it another fetish or part of the other, either way I love to see a man shoot his load on the face of a girl who really wants him to. I mean I really love that! So when Nicole begged for it I almost blew my own load in my pants. Anissa must've seen my obvious reaction to this and commented on it.

"Does that turn you on too?" she asked. "Do you like when a guy cums on a girls face?"

"Oh yeah!" I replied.

Her shyness now slipping away, she asked another question. "What else turns you on?" 

I thought about that for a moment. I knew I would not be able to stop this now. 

"I love to see what kind of panties a girl is wearing," I told her.

"Really? Why?" she asked.

"Well I don't know really. I just love the way women look in panties and I'm always wondering what kind of panties a girl is wearing." It was the truth. I didn't really care why either, I just loved seeing women in panties. I wanted badly to know what Anissa had on under her jeans. Actually I wanted to see what she had on. "In fact I'd love to know what you're wearing."

"Pink satin bikini" she declared. "From Victoria's Secret!"

My eyes were bugging out and I replied, "Really?" Now it was my turn to ask the questions.

"Yup" she said. 

It was then that temptation got the best of me for good. "Oh my God, can I see them? Pink is my favorite!"

"You really want to?" she asked. 

"Oh yes please!" was my only possible response. "I'd love to see them!"

She looked down, away from me and slowly began to unbutton her jeans. I could see she was breathing hard and she was biting her lower lip. Her nipples were still rock hard but now the only other thing that could've stolen my attention, did just that. My body was trembling as my eyes were glued to her slow, seductive unbuttoning. Slowly a nice little pink pair of very soft looking satin panties became visible. They were trimmed with just the right amount of lace and had a cute little pink bow. She didn't pull her pants down but she did unbutton them all the way and pulled them open allowing me a good look at her sexy pair of undies. My breathing was getting labored. 

She leaned back against her pillow, never attempting to rebutton her jeans nor did she do anything to cover my view of her panties. 

"Do you ever play with yourself when you listen to her get fucked?" I asked her boldly. 

Stubbornly fighting her shyness, looking away she answered me. "Yeah... I do. It gets me really wet listening to her like that. Sometimes, I'll be in the living room when she comes home with some guy and goes into her room. I then come in her and get this out." 

She reached over to her end table and opened a drawer. She reached in and pulled out a slender pink, 9" vibrator. The shyness was now pushed aside in favor of desire.

My mouth was as dry as a dessert at this point and I swallowed hard and stammered out another question. "Um, uh do you, I mean, what do you do with it? That is... I mean...would you, um, care to show me?" 

What I was doing at this point was well beyond any line that could ever be drawn, but I could no longer stop myself. 

Looking me in the eye now she very quietly said "Ok." 

She turned the knob on the end and the phallic object began to hum. Looking down at herself she pressed the tip of her toy against her pink panties where I imagined her clit must be. 

"Of course I'm usually naked," she boldly announced. 

My voice noticeably quivering I answered, "Well, um...I mean, well maybe, um...that's what you should do." 

"Really?" she asked me, still not positive I really wanted to go through with it. Only her uncertainty wasn't because I was married. I was sure she was afraid I thought she was fat and not attractive. 

"Fuck yeah, you're hot!" I said hoping to reassure and boost her confidence. "I'd really love to see you naked. And to watch you play with yourself would be so hot. I mean you are so sexy!" And she was too. 

"Well ok. Will you help me take my pants off?" she said as she now, with a sense of urgency, started pulling off her pants. 

She didn't need much help 

Her panties looked sexy and I asked her to leave them on. 

She smiled and instead began to remove her shirt and white lace bra. 

I gasped audibly when her breasts sprang out from under the sexy garment. 

"Oh wow! You have really nice breasts Anissa. Damn they are pretty!" Her breasts were perfect in my mind. Not small but not too big and a small pink areola topped with a big, rock hard nipple. They looked so soft and they rested perfectly in place with no signs of sag. 

She took off her socks and now, wearing only her pink panties, lay back against the pillow again. With her left hand she pulled the crotch of her panties aside and pressed her buzzing vibrator past the glistening lips of her beautiful pussy. She was not shaved but was neatly trimmed.

She worked the toy in and out of herself for a minute or two moaning softly as she did. 

"Tell me what else you like?" I asked her. "What turns you on? What's your fantasy?"

Her reply surprised me.

"Honestly, well, I've never given or gotten oral sex before and I really, really want to. I can't believe I'm saying this but it's true. I've only ever had one boyfriend and he wouldn't do it to me and never asked me to do him. Does that seem weird to you?"

"That's the weirdest guy I've ever heard of." I replied. She laughed at that. "So you're telling me you've never been eaten out?" I asked incredulously. 

"Nope. I mean I fantasize about it all the time though. Usually when I'm doing this listening to her getting fucked!" It seemed she had lost her last inhibition now. She was rubbing her clit furiously with the buzzing tip. I suddenly realized my jaw had dropped open. I couldn't take my eyes off her pussy. She was getting really worked up and loud. "Then I pull it out of me and start fantasizing I'm sucking a cock!" To my delight she demonstrated this. She slid the vibrator into her mouth and sucked off her juices. 

That was all I could take and I quickly stood to remove my pants and underwear. 

This had distracted her and she held the vibrator motionless, pressed against her throbbing clit. She watched intently as I undressed and her eyes widened as I took hold of my cock and began to stroke it

"I've never seen a guy touch himself but I've always wanted to" she said. "That looks really good."

"I'm glad you like it. I like being watched like this too. I bet you're enjoying me watching you too, right?"

"Yeah I am," she said. "But I'd love it more if you'd eat my pussy instead."

It was an offer I long ago realized I'd be unable to turn down. 

Without a word I repositioned myself between Anissa's wonderfully thick thighs. I had to taste those delicious thighs first, and I kissed and licked up and down each one until I was just inches from her sweet pussy. She pulled the fabric aside to allow me access while leaving the sexy garment on. I inhaled deeply the sweet musky aroma of her hot, wet sex. Then I slowly, teasing started to kiss and lick her vaginal lips and hard little button. It was so wrong but so thrilling at the same time. Not only with the taboo of cheating but to be the first man to ever lick this woman's pussy was exhilarating. 

I was so horny by now that I could only tease her this way for so long until I finally had to 'attack' her pussy with a passion. She was quickly writhing and squirming as my tongue circled and danced on her clit. She was enjoying every minute of it. And it didn't take long before she burst in my face. Too quickly for me actually and I didn't stop licking her until she'd cum again. It looked so good to see her face clench up as her orgasm shot through her entire body. I love seeing a woman cum.

Breathing hard with a focused look on her face she now said, "I want to suck your cock." How could I say no.

We exchanged places and she quickly went to work on my dick. Her inexperience showed but she tried hard and it felt great inside her mouth. It looked even better. And again, to know that mine was the first cock to ever slide past her lips into her hot, wet mouth turned me on that much more. I really wanted to cum on her face and in her mouth. I couldn't help but think as I watched my cock fuck her mouth that she'd look very sexy with cum all over her face. 
