 "You cannot touch me."

His eyebrow raised up at my comment, lips curled in that sexy smirk as he sat quietly on the leather armchair waiting for me to continue.

"You have to stay perfectly still and let me do whatever I want to you. If I feel your hands on me at any time, this will stop. Got it?"

He slid further down on the chair, legs spread slightly as he raised his hand up a little. When I told him to wear something comfortable, I did not expect the black silk pajama bottoms he currently had on. Incredibly soft to the touch from the look of them as they sat dangerously low on his hips, showing off every delicious inch of tanned skin and those beautifully toned abs. 

I sighed and cocked my head to the side. Why does he have to do this to me? "Yes?"

"Am I able to speak?"

The smirk on his face widened to a grin and the fleeting thought of leaving him with the biggest case of blue balls was becoming more and more prominent in my mind. 

"You can speak," I said as calmly as I could. "But if it's excessive, I will stop."

He shrugged. "Fair enough."

"And why are you wearing those? I've never seen you wear them before."

"We are usually naked when we're here," He said as he crossed his leg and laughed when he saw my eyes roll. "Plus, just because you've never seen them, doesn't mean I didn't have them before. I haven't seen every item of clothing you own."

"So you just out of the blue decided to wear them? Right now? Well that doesn't sound suspicious at all."

"You can always admit defeat, sweetheart."

I sighed. Why do I have to be so damn competitive? "Fine, let's get this over with."

"Wow your ways of seduction are just top notch," He said as he laughed and threw his head back. 

I whipped my head around and playfully glared at him. "Or we can just stop this right now and you can sleep on the couch."

Throwing up his hands in surrender, he chuckled low and the throaty sound he emitted went straight through my body as I continued walking over to the sound system. A sensual jazz number played through the large floor speakers when I hit the play button; the sax and guitar pairing perfectly together. I sauntered back over to him, my eyes never leaving his piercing sultry gaze. Crackling sounds could be heard from the roaring stone fireplace on the other side of the room. The heady blend of french vanilla and amber that flowed was courtesy of multiple white pillar candles placed strategically around the living room and the smell of the burning wood combined together into the perfect romantic and seductive atmosphere.

Black velvet caged heels clicked on the dark hardwood floor as I crossed the room and stood between his open legs, bending down to slowly trace my tongue over his full bottom lip. My lips met his in a soft yet passionate kiss, his hands lightly grasping the arms of the chair to make sure they didn't wander. I couldn't help but grin at that.

"You're complaining about what I'm wearing when you come in here wearing that?" He mumbled just as my lips left his and continued along his neck. "Don't you think it's a little unfair?"

I smiled to myself; happy I chose the lace one piece bodysuit that perfectly showed off my breasts and accentuated my curves. "Had to level the playing field somehow. You know full well what you do to me."

He groaned and his head fell back slightly when my tongue softly licked a particularly sensitive area of his neck. I moved my hands to slowly run over his chest, fingers teasing the already hardening nipples and eliciting a hiss from his mouth. I felt his breathing quicken as I both dragged my teeth lightly over his collarbone and dragged my nails down his quivering stomach.

My lips moved to the other side of his neck and nibbled right where his jaw meets his neck. "Does it feel good?" I whispered.

He nodded his head and moaned as he gripped the armrests even more when my hands traced the waistband of his bottoms. "Yes, sweetheart."

My body shivered and felt the wetness between my legs start to form at his strained answer. I slowly dropped to my knees and kissed my way down his stomach, looking up to see his eyes shut when I dragged my tongue along the ridges of his abs. His knuckles were white and the veins in his arms bulging from gripping the armrests so tight and I knew he was really struggling to keep from touching me. A part of me wanted to end his suffering and beg him to touch me. However, a larger part of me was loving the power I had over him at that moment and wanted to continue to see how far I could push him before he would take control of me.

A series of loud crackles could be heard from the fireplace just as I ran a white tipped nail over the very prominent bulge in his pajama bottoms, hearing the loud moan fall from his open mouth. He moved one of his hands off the armrest and I was somewhat disappointed when it was only to run it through his hair in frustration. "You're really trying to test my patience."

"Isn't there a saying that patience is a virtue," I chuckled and teased him some more by running my lips and tongue over the clothed bulge. "And all good things come to those who wait."

"You know there are a lot more useful things you could be doing with that mouth than spouting useless phrases right?"

"Hmm...I think that would count as an excessive use of your voice. According to the rules, If it continues I may have to stop."

He sighed heavily and dropped his arm back onto the armrest. "I could get used to this," I internally giggled. 

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw one of the candles flicker from the heating system turning on as I pulled down the waistband of his pajama bottoms. My resolve wavered just as quick as that candle had upon hearing the sharp breath and the low groan he made when I pulled his hard cock out. I shifted a little bit to try and relive some of the throbbing from between my legs, hoping he wouldn't notice how much he was still affecting me. 

I slowly stroked him as I sat back on my heels and pulled my tousled curls out of the tortoiseshell hair clip, letting them cascade over my sensitive breasts. I softly licked my glossy pink lips at the pearl of precum that oozed out from the swollen head, leaning down to slowly tease the tip of my tongue over the slit. 

"Fuck yes," He moaned when my tongue traced up the underside of his cock and my lips engulfed the tip, slowly bobbing my head up and down. With his help I pulled his bottoms all the way down and tossed them aside just as my hand began to massage his swollen balls, sinking my lips further down onto his cock the more my head bobbed. "Do you know how bad I want to run my fingers through your hair and..."

I quickly pulled my mouth off his cock and bit back a giggle when his wide eyes whipped to mine. "I told you I would stop," I said, my voice slightly trembling as I eagerly anticipated what he would do next. His dark eyes narrowed at me; the heat from them hotter than the fire roaring away in the fireplace on the other side of the room. "Are you going to punish me?"

He closed his eyes and inhaled slowly through his nose to keep himself together as his hard cock laid against his stomach, glistening with a mix of my saliva and precum. After a deep exhale, he looked down at me with those sinful dark eyes and settled back into his earlier position, waiting for me to continue.

"Could I break that control?" I wondered.

My mouth enclosed around his cock again while slowly stroking the base. I heard the sound of the leather chair rustling underneath him when he situated himself into a more comfortable position, groaning softly with each bob of my head and each swipe of my tongue over the tip of his cock When I knew he was almost close, I slowly stopped my movements and stood up in front of him. His hair was disheveled and breathing ragged, those gorgeous dark eyes still staring at me with so much lust and hunger.

Pulling my eyes away, I bent down to undo the straps of my heels as he said, "Leave them on."

My body shivered again from the unwavering command in his voice. Nodding my head slightly, I stood back up and pulled my hair to the side as I undid the clasp from around my neck. The top part of the body suit fell down without the strap to hold it up, exposing my swollen breasts and hard nipples to his heated gaze. I wiggled my hips a little and pulled down the rest of the body suit, throwing it over to where his bottoms laid on the floor. When I looked back at him, I could see his eyes scan slowly over my naked body starting at my heels and trailing all the way up to meet my eyes. His grip on the armrests had lessened a little, but I still could tell he was trying very hard not to take control.

I straddled his lap and put both hands on the back of the chair as I reached down to take his cock in my hand, slowly teasing the head over my wet slit. Our groans melded together, both of us almost being at our breaking point. At this point I couldn't care less about the game, I just needed him deep inside me. Completely filling me.

My hand slid down the soft leather to his shoulder, my nails digging softly into him as I slid down onto his cock. Erotic words and harsh noises could be heard all throughout the spacious living room, which were quickly muddled when our lips collided into a searing kiss. Tongues dancing and teeth biting as we both willed our bodies to calm down. Sadly, his hands never left the armrests.

I began to ride him when we were both calm enough to continue, rolling my hips to the sensual beat as my head fell back in pleasure. "Touch me," I panted.

"Aren't you forgetting about the game?"

My eyes fluttered as I ran my fingers through my hair. "Don't care, need your hands on me." 

There was a brief pause before I heard the rough chuckle. "No."

I whimpered. "Please, baby."

"As incredibly erotic as those pleads do sound, I want to continue on with this game. I'm intrigued to see if you'll get me to touch you, sweetheart."

Fine. If he wanted to continue the game, then we'll continue it. A loud crackle was heard when one of the logs fell to the floor of the fireplace as I slowly lifted my hips, sinking all the way down onto his cock and slowly rising back up. I repeated this process, my lips placing kisses all over his neck as my nails drew teasing patterns over his chest and stomach, my mind was hazy with lust and from the intoxicating scent of him.

"Baby," I moaned, licking the shell of his ear as my pace quickened. "I know you want to touch me. I can feel how tense you are from trying not to touch me and I really need to feel your hands on me."

"Is that all you got, sweetheart?" He groaned. "You know you're gonna have to do a lot better than that if you want me to touch you."

"All I could think about was what I had planned for tonight. I couldn't concentrate at all today, my mind was always on you. How I wanted to touch you and tease you so much that you would just give in to me. I imagined you would grabbed me by the waist, bend me over this chair and fuck me so hard as you gripped my hair tight in your fist." I leaned down to kiss him hard and ran my fingers through his hair, needing every part of him I could get to touch me. "That thought alone left me incredibly wet the entire day."

I didn't hear a word come from him as I continued riding him. Only the low grunts and pants could be heard which made me throw my head back and groan in frustration. After a few short seconds, I barely felt the fingers grazing down my upper arm. So delicate and soft, yet it sent a shockwave of delicious pain and pleasure all throughout my over sensitive skin that caused a loud cry to come rushing out of my mouth. 

"Are you going to cum for me, sweetheart?" He whispered into my ear, his voice rough with need and lips so dangerously close without actually touching me.

I nodded wildly as my hips bucked into him, moving a hand to play with my breasts. "Yes," I sobbed.

Suddenly I felt his finger trace up my inner thigh to my wet pussy, circling the rough finger slowly over my hard clit. 

"Cum for me," He whispered.

My moans resonated through the room as I rode out my orgasm, his hands gripping my hips as he leaned down to lavish my neck and shoulders with kisses. His groans and grunts were just as loud as he hastily bucked his hips up into me, the position hitting the perfect spot and causing my eyes to roll back into my head. My second orgasm washed over me just as he bit my shoulder and came hard inside me, another shockwave of pain and pleasure surging through my entire body.

The next few minutes were spent indulging in the caressing hands and teasing kisses we gave each other. Once our breathing came back to normal, we both went to clean, shower and change into comfier clothes. We came back into the living room and cuddled on the couch; a random sitcom playing on the wall mounted flat screen TV as we watched while continuing on with our teasing caresses.

"Do we call this a tie?" He asked, licking and kissing the spot he had bit.

I thought about it for a second and laughed from the pleasure still running through me. "Just this time."