 It all started innocently enough, both myself and my boyfriend had bought tickets to the same gig and no-one else we knew wanted to go. We're going to sell the spares ones closer to the time but the gig simply hadn't sold out so we thought we were stuck with them until one weekend we had some friends over for a catch up.

It was a typical Saturday catch-up kids and dogs were running around and we were all sitting chatting, drinking coffee and eating home baking. Yeah not as exciting as when we were all younger but still good to catch up with old friends whether they were a family, had pets, single or otherwise.

As people started to drift away my partner (yes partner been together for ages never gotten married never seen the point) ordered pizza and a couple of friends hung back and just chilled for longer.

As Ken was putting on his motorcycle leathers, I mentioned to him that we had spare tickets even if he didn't like the band it would be a good night out and we left it at that.

After a few messages what band, what date etc he said yeah he would come through for beers and go see the band, Mark immediately offered him the option to crash at ours and we made arrangements around time etc.

As the gig approached we refined plans and we were expecting Ken to arrive at ours before 6pm and then we could head into town for beers and food.

Mark & Ken had known each other since school and since me and Mark had gotten together me & Ken had become really good friends and quite close really. He even messaged me at times when he had woman troubles! He quite often told our other friends that Lucy (that's me) was one of the few people that listened to him and didn't try to give him advice!

I guess a bit about me, I'm 35, a few pounds heavier than I'd like to be but still sexy if Mark was to believed or the amount of times I had been hit on or felt up while on works nights out. I'm 5 foot 6, C cup breasts, nice legs, long straight brown hair and a pretty good arse even if I say so myself. I have hips and what I guess people would call an hourglass figure so when I do slip out of jeans or loungewear I scrub up quite nicely but am definitely more of a rock chic than a glamour girl for sure.

I think it was about Wednesday when Ken messaged to confirm things for Saturday via our WhatsApp group. Mark was playing Xbox so I replied.

"Yeah Saturday, 6pm our place still ok?" I sent.

Ken replied quickly, "Perfect OK to park the bike in your drive?"

"Sure no worries," I typed.

"Great see you then," he replied and the group was silent for a while.

"What are you wearing on Saturday?" Ken asked.

"God give a girl a chance to get through the week first," I jokingly replied with a few emoji's

"Haha, yeah just checking no-one is dressing up really,"

"Like anyone dresses up for a gig," I replied and quickly followed on with, "I might wear a casual skirt though as it's summer and the gig will be warm."

"Yeah, Lucy legs," he replied.

"You perv!" I typed

I was enjoying the banter but there was nothing unusual here pretty standard stuff between us really.

As expected the response came back, "You know I am and you love it!"

"You know I do gorgeous," I quickly replied.

There was a brief gap in the messaging and I let Mark know the Ken was confirmed for Saturday and we were chatting. 

"I'll catch up with the chat after this game," Mark replied. "Anything interesting?"

"No just the usual, we are flirting now," I laughed.

"OH god, not again. Am I going to have to put up with you two flirting all night Saturday?"

"Probably," I replied, me and Ken had history if he was in a lull between relationships of flirting outrageously. I reckon he just used me to keep his hand in for when he met a girl.

The message indicator on my phone flashed again, "You are the only person that calls me gorgeous!"

"Haha, well you are and that is that," I typed.

"If only you were single," he replied.

"You'd do what?" I typed and then sort of regretted it as there was no way Ken wasn't replying to that.

"I would fuck you senseless," he replied.

I laughed, but then I noticed that Ken had messaged me directly not on the group chat. That was new.

"You would, would you? I'm a big girl it takes a lot to fuck me senseless!" I responded. 

"I've got a big cock, you'd love it," he replied. Now this was definitely well out of our normal banter. I reckoned I should probably stop but I could feel myself flushing and the familiar warm feeling in my stomach starting to build.

"Mmmmmmm I do love a big one, how big is it?" I found myself replying.

Now the thing is the Ken himself isn't much taller than me so he has never been the kind of guy I'd go for preferring em tall with wide shoulders.

"Big enough to fill you up! Bigger than Mark's!" Came the reply.

I swallowed as I considered that, Mark was not small however my mind quickly ran away with imagining a bigger cock. Mark had always comfortably been the biggest cock I had ever ridden.

I could feel myself getting slightly wet thinking about it and wondering how it would feel.

Shaking myself, I typed back, "Well if Mark ever leaves me you will be first on my list."

"No chance for me then you guys are solid. See you at the weekend."

And just like that the flirting was over.

About 5 minutes later Ken replied to the last group chat, "Oh you know probably fuck it up like I do with every other girl."

Ahhhh right I thought, he's screwed up another relationship, he had a habit of getting way to possessive and eventually girls just ran away from him, which was a shame as he was a nice guy, good looking and apparently had a big dick - who knew?

Anyway the next few days passed and right on time Ken showed up on his big bike thing, it was one of those Harley but not a Harley type hogs and it did look pretty damn cool.

In the end we had all dressed pretty casually jeans and a t-shirt all round.

We jumped in a taxi to get into town and stopped off at a few favourite bars first, the conversation was flowing and it was a good night. The band let us down a bit to be honest not quite as good live as the albums suggested but we all enjoyed it and after a few more drinks and chat we got a taxi home at about 2am.

By this point in time we were all pretty buzzed and as we devoured some grilled cheese back in the house seemed like we were all heading for bed.

As Mark poured a night cap I sat in the middle of the sofa and put one arm round each of the guys and said, "Good night lads we should all go out more often."

Both of the guys nodded and we sat there for a while. I think I must have dozed off and as my fuzzy head came too I became aware of a hand on my breast, no actually a hand on each breast.

I looked left and Mark had his face close to mine looking very serious and his hand was intent on arousing my nipple. I looked right and Ken was there with his face close and a great big smile on his face as he explored my tit.

"Wwwwhats going on?" I said.

"Ssssshhhhhhh honey," Mark replied. "We're just having a bit of fun!"

I looked over at Ken, he smiled at me and said, "You have great tits!"

I turned back to Mark, "Are you OK with this?" I asked. 

"Would it be happening if I wasn't," he replied.

I was finding it hard to think straight what with the alcohol, tired feeling and 2 hands massaging my breasts softly.

Mark moved closer to my ear and whispered, "Are you OK with it? 

Having 2 hands on my body felt way too good, I knew I didn't want to stop it but a small voice told me this could create issues if it went where I felt sure it was headed.

My voice stammered as I replied, "It feels so good Mark, so good but if it goes further how will you feel?"

Mark shrugged, "I'm cool with it babe. as long as you feel good and we are all comfortable, we're all friends right?"

I turned to Ken, "What do you think?" I asked. Knowing full well his dick was thinking for him.

His voice was heavy with lust when he replied, "God Luce, you're so sexy just touching you is amazing but you know I want more right?"

I couldn't believe what was happening as these 2 men were softly exploring my breasts and as the conversation naturally finished their mouths started to kiss my neck. As Ken caught my earlobe in his teeth, gently nibbled and then too low for Mark to hear whispered into my ear. "I am going to make you cum hard round my cock."

As he finished whispering I felt my pussy open and flood and that coil of heat and anticipation began to build in the centre of me I knew I was going to give into the lust and anticipation that was building in the room.

I turned my head to Mark and kissed him deeply on the mouth and as I drew back we both knew that this was going to be us both giving into lust and the moment that there would be no holding back.

As I kissed Mark I felt Ken pull my hair to one side and start to kiss the back of my neck sending little shards of pleasure shooting down my spine. His hand on my breast which had been soft took on a more urgent feeling as he buried his face in my hair and started to squeeze my tit and tweak my nipple.

As he squeezed my nipple between thumb and fore finger he was the first of the men to draw a moan from my lips and as he heard it he slide his other hand down and gave my arse a good squeeze.

"Mmmmmmm so sexy," he said as he continued his assault on my body.

I was kissing Mark seriously now with our tongues shooting into each others mouths and my gasps and moans filling the space between our lips.

It was Mark that started to lift my t-shirt up and off my body and as I moved my arms to assist in getting it off, I was continually kissed and caressed by Ken whose mouth and hand had not left contact with my skin.

Quickly Ken pulled me towards him and changed our position so that for the first time I had my back turned towards Mark and was turned to face Ken.

I moved my hands up to cup his face and we kissed like teenagers all tongues, spittle and urgency. I moaned as Mark started to kiss down my back and run his hands along the curve of my arse.

Deftly Ken slipped the straps of my bra down my arms allowing him to free my breasts from the cups and as his hand cupped one breast I felt Mark release the clip in my bra and remove it completely. When Mark grabbed my other breast from behind while still kissing my back I moaned deeply into Ken's mouth.

Ken's head dipped down and I tangled my hands in his long hair as he took my nipple into his mouth, he sucked it, nipped it and brought it to it's erect maximum and again brought a cry from my lips.

"OH god, so good." I panted.

Ken and Mark moved me back against the couch and as if they had co-ordinated it and who knows maybe they had they each took turns sucking on my breasts or playing with them, the feeling of 2 mouths or hands on each breast was new and was so good I didn't recognise most of the noises coming from me!

"Unnhhh, OH god that's amazing." I cried out as they both sucked my nipples.

Ken's hand was on my thigh moving up and down and making me start to squirm, as both him and Mark played my body he moved his hand up onto my belly, ran a finger under the waistband of my jeans and then he undid the button, pulled down the zip and as Mark continued to attack my tit, Ken sat back and our eyes met as he slide his hand into my knickers.

He continued to watch my face as his fingers ran through my landing strip, and glided into my dripping wet cunt.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh," I moaned as he put 2 fingers into my sopping wet cunt right up to the knuckle. I almost swear I was that turned on it felt like my pussy sucked his fingers in further.

As he started to work on my pussy and as my body slumped down towards him to take his fingers, Mark pulled me so my back was against him and he nuzzled my hair while really working my tits into his hand.

"You look so sexy babe," Mark whispered into my ear.

While it was nice to get the compliment my mind was pretty much ignoring speech and was focussing on the pleasure that was coursing through it. The majority of this pleasure currently coming from 2 fingers which were swirling, thrusting and dipping in and around my cunt sending shivers through me and as I looked at Ken he was intent on fingering me with a look of massive lust on his face.

I reached to his head and pulled him back down towards me wanting to feel his lips on my body as he continued to bring me closer and closer to my first orgasm of the night with his amazing fingers.

As Ken brought his lips back to my body his thumb was suddenly on my clit and with his fingers pumping me and the new pressure on my clit I was ready to explode.

"OH fuck," I screamed, "that's it right there, oh god." I felt like my whole body leaped into the air and then vibrated as my orgasm hit.

"Unnnnnhhhhhhhhh," I moaned into the air as it began and then my head was thrown back and the pleasure was so gooooood I couldn't make anything but guttural noises in the back of my throat.

I became aware of a voice behind me saying, "That was so fuckin hot, so hot."

I groaned as Mike then cupped both my breasts and Ken continued to kiss down my stomach.

I was fired up after my orgasm and needed to be active, I knew where Ken was headed with his mouth but that would wait right now I needed to see him.

I moved away from Mike and Ken, reached towards Ken and sank down on the floor in front of him. "I want to suck your cock," I announced.

He laughed and together we unbuttoned his jeans and I pulled them down. I could see the outline of his cock through his boxers and quickly I pulled them down, fuck he wasn't making it up he was longer and thicker than Mike.

I pulled his cock upright, "Mmmmmmmm," I sighed as I looked at it.

With a quick look at Mike, whos face was currently unreadable, well if he had regrets now too bad he started this, I formed an O with my lips and engulfed Ken's cock.

"Urgggghhhhh," he moaned as my lips devoured the tip of his cock.

I was so turned on I was attacking this cock with some passion, quickly I started to bob up and down on his cock ramming as much of it into my mouth as possible, feeling it hit the back of my throat.

Ken's groans were filling the room and I felt Mike come around behind me and his hands start to pull my jeans and knickers down to my knees.

I think half the street heard my moan as Mike thrust into me in a single stroke from behind, "OH GOD," I yelled, "Fuck my cunt fuck it hard." As he started to fuck me hard and from his pace I could tell he was desperate to cum, I returned my mouth to Ken's cock.

The room was full of slurping and flesh slapping noises, moans and groans as I was done at both ends for the first time ever. This was not a situation I had ever planned for but I was enjoying it now.

I could tell that Ken was close and as I felt his cock start to tremble in my mouth, I swallowed him once, twice and opening my throat deep throated him to a roar of, "OH fuck that's sooooo good," I felt his cock swell and then I was swallowing what felt like gallons of cum.

Watching me swallow Ken's cum obviously got to Mike as with a final thrust I felt him cum in my pussy with a muffled, "Oh fuck so hot."

As we all sort of collapsed in a heap on the sofa I don't think any of us could believe what had just happened.

"Well that escalated quickly." I joked.

Laughing Ken replied, "Sure did."

"was hot as fuck though right?"

We all just sort of nodded and agreed as we variously rearranged clothing to allow us to sit or in my case stand more comfortably.

"Awww babe take them off not put them back on," Mike said as I started to pull my knickers and jeans back up.

"Only if everyone else gets naked," I replied arching an eyebrow at both the boys.

Quick as a flash Ken was pulling his top off and pushing his jeans down his legs the rest of the way down his legs and off. Mike was also pulling his clothes off but it took him longer as he the most fully clothed out of us all having just pulled his cock out to fuck me.

I stood naked in the middle of the room, with cum starting to run down my leg, I put my hands on my hips and said, "So boys what did you have planned next?"

With a quick check towards Mike, Ken walked towards me, his cock already starting to swell as he ran his eyes up and down my naked body.

He put his arms around my waist pulling our warm flesh against each other with a quiet sigh I ran my hands around his body. Mike came around behind us and I was suddenly the meat in their sandwich.

My breath caught in my throat as between them they started to cares my skin sending little electric sparks through my body.

"What do you want to happen babe?" Mike whispered.

As some ones hands I really couldn't tell who, nor did I care either anymore, started to play with my nipples as another set cupped my buttocks. I sighed and replied.

"Anything you want, anything."

Ken laughed as he ran his hand down my belly towards my steaming hot pussy. "Anything?"

His voice was low and dark and sexy and I leaned towards him. "Yes anything as long as I get fucked by that big cock of yours."

As I bent forward I felt Mark's swelling cock lodge itself between my butt cheeks. I squirmed back against him teasing his cock. I was beyond checking in on how he was feeling his cock was telling me everything I needed to know.

As Ken's fingers found my pussy again and Mark's cock was pressing against my arsehole I moaned out loud and grabbed Ken by the head and kissed him hard our tongues thrusting in and out of each others mouths.

I reached down and grabbed Ken's now erect cock and started stroke it up and down as he continued to finger me. Our breathe was ragged and as were breathing into each others ear so I could hear every muttered gasp and groan from him and he could hear each moan and sigh from me as he worked my pussy.

I really wanted to get that big cock in me so I started to move Ken back towards the sofa.

"Sit down so I can ride that cock," I said to him.

He sat down with a look of lust on his face as I closed the distance between us. I reached down grabbed his cock and straddling him lined it up with the entrance to my pussy.

As I pushed down taking the tip of his cock between my lips I moaned loudly, "Ohhhhhh so big."

I felt Mark's hands on my shoulders, "Is he big babe?"

"So big, he's gonna fill me up," I gasped continuing to slide down what was definitely the biggest cock I had ever taken.

"I leaned back into Mark, panting I gasped, "Oh babe, babe he is filling me up, god it feels so good."

As I gasped these words I threw my head back and moaned loudly as the last 2 inches of his cock slide into my pussy and the head of his cock was splitting my cervix and hitting parts of my body that a cock had never reached before.

I looked at Ken his eyes were heavy with lust and desire, as moved one hand up to tweak my nipple and massage my tit his other curled around my waist supporting me perfectly as I started to pull up off of his cock.

Slowly, oh so slowly I impaled myself back onto his cock gasping as I took his full length once again. He really was filling me up and opening my pussy in places I had never known it was closed. It felt so fuckin good.

As I settled into a rhythm I was moaning and groaning with each delicious ride up and down this cock. I had completely lost track of where Mark was until I felt his hand on my shoulder pushing down slightly.

"Stay still babe," he said as I turned to look at him.

I gasped as I saw he had a bottle of lube in his hand and was starting to lube up his dick.

"Oh Mark, I'm so full already." I moaned as Ken's dick flexed inside me.

""Hold sill babe." he said as he crouched behind me, squirted some lube on my arsehole and positioned himself behind me.
