 I thought it would be interesting to tie you up with your hands behind your back sitting in a chair and blindfolded. Not tightly of course but enough for you to almost think you could slip free of your bonds. Your mind is beginning to swim as you wonder to yourself all the possibilities of what I will do and how I will be doing it to you.

These delectable scenarios quickly flash through your mind as you sit hearing me move about the room preparing all of the things I will need. You hear ice clinking in a glass, drawers opening and closing, you hear me light my favorite candles the scent drifting slowly by your nostrils mixing with the subtle smell of my perfume as I come and go from the room. 

I am behind you now. Slowly I begin to run my fingertips up and down your arms, my fingernails gently scraping across your skin. Your muscles are tense and your breathing labored from the excitement and anticipation of not being able to see me or know what I will do next. I must help you to relax so you can fully enjoy this little game we are about to play.

I lean in and gently begin to lick and kiss the curve of your neck slowly tracing the muscles all the way to your ear lobe. At the same time I run my fingers down the front of your chest to your stomach sweeping my hands across your body in one smooth motion. But I am careful not to move them down too far. You are already breathing more quickly from the building excitement and your cock is beginning to come to attention.

How deliciously helpless you are tied up naked and blind folded! It sends shivers through my body and I can begin to feel the sweet juices slipping between my lips and the tingling sensation begins building in the pit of my stomach from my aching sex. I move around to the front of you and slowly run my fingernails down your thighs to your knees and spread your legs open. I lean down and gently softly brush my lips and face close to yours lightly licking at your lips barely letting our mouths meet. I can tell how much you want me to kiss you but I don't.

I am kneeling now between your legs slowly seductively I run my fingers down your thighs to the back of your calves and back up again giving you goose bumps as I come close to brushing your hard throbbing cock but not close enough to touch it. You lean your head back and a small gasp escapes your lips. You are becoming more excited by the minute.

As I reach for one of the items I brought into the room one of my hard erect nipples brushes up against you and you begin to squirm in the restraints desperate to pinch lick and suck them. You hear what sounds like a spoon clinking in a glass. The soft sweet smell of warm chocolate fills your nostrils as I pass the spoon directly under your nose and you can't help but giggle. I softly whisper "Ssssshhhh." and put a finger covered in chocolate to your lips you lick at my finger carefully tasting all the warm sweetness and I am careful to take it away before you begin to enjoy it too much.

I hold the spoon above the cup letting some of the warm chocolate drip away before I drizzle it over one nipple and then across your chest to the other nipple. As the warm wet gooeyness hits your skin you gasp again and begin wiggling in the chair. I lean in and let my warm breath touch your belly slowly carefully running my tongue it barely touches as I lick up your body to your nipples to taste the chocolate. I lick in a slow circular motion around one nipple then the other. Pinching them slightly nibbling softly on each one taking my time to be sure all the chocolate is licked clean. This begins to drive you crazy and you wiggle more and beg for me to free at least one of your hands. Your cock is stiff and hard begging for attention almost aching to be touched as it rubs against my stomach and between my breasts while I lick. "Sssshhh." I say again. 

I back away to give you time to take in all of the sensations you are feeling. Your skin tingles where I have just licked as the wetness evaporates. The smell of chocolate still lingers faintly in your nostrils your sex aching throbbing begging to be touched and caressed. The desire to be free of the restraints and blindfold heightening all of your senses is almost too much to bear as your delicious ooze begins to leak from the head of your cock. I see it glistening softly in the light and lightly lick it from the head then slowly run my tongue around the ridge to drive you even further insane with lust and desire. Again you beg to be freed and I quietly whisper in your ear as I lick your earlobe gently "Not yet my love, soon."

I stand before you again and enjoy looking at you helpless my pussy throbbing more and more the tickling in the pit of my stomach building beginning to drive me wild with the desire to feel all of you inside of me. Then the overwhelming need to feel your hands touching my body to feel your lips on mine begins driving me insane. I begin to play with my clit rubbing it and pinching it between my fingers while I lick one of my nipples then the other a soft gasp escapes my lips and you strain to see and hear what I am doing. I turn around so my back is to you and carefully bend down reaching with one hand to grasp your hard cock and gently rub only the tip along the length of my wet throbbing sex. You begin to breathe heavily almost panting as you have been waiting for me to satisfy you. Then I move away again. You let out a soft moan and again beg to be freed. I lean in and brush my face and hair against your face I let my lips linger over yours and gently passionately kiss you our tongues dancing and gliding over each other, the faint taste of sweet chocolate lingering on my tongue. Then I whisper again "Ssshhh."

I kneel again between your legs taking the glass with ice in my hand. I remove several small pieces and place them in my mouth. This sound immediately excites us both and we giggle softly together. I remove another piece of ice from the glass and let it slowly drip all over your chest and stomach. The shock of the cold immediately makes you gasp and tense up. I rub my hands up and down your body they feel hot after the coldness of the melted ice and goose bumps begin to spring up all over your arms and legs. 

I carefully take your hard cock in my hand and begin to squeeze it softly but firmly at the base. The head bulging out of the top of my clenched fist excites me and the tingling sensation in the pit of my stomach begins to drive me wild. I grasp your balls with my other free hand and gently roll them over my fingers softly and delicately they dance around. You lean your head back and moan breathing in deeply. I lick from the base of your throbbing organ up to the tip. My tongue is cold from the ice and it sends chills up your spine. Then I take all of you in my mouth. The pieces of ice begin dancing on my tongue in my mouth and against your hard cock. The sensation of the cold ice makes my lips tongue and mouth feel extremely hot on your sex and I taste the salty sweet ooze again as your excitement builds feverishly. Up and down I suck and lick alternating between a fast and slow pace until the ice is melted gone and I feel you getting closer to an explosion of ecstasy. Your cock throbs and is rock hard between my soft warm lips, as you are almost ready to shoot your load down the back of my throat. Then I stop.

As I move away to look at you again I see the muscles of your arms and chest flexed your head back your cock full and erect I want to free you and let you throw me down and fuck me hard for torturing you this way but not yet. The desire to be filled up with your hard throbbing cock to feel it pounding away inside my wet slit is almost maddening, and I gasp softly under my breath. 

I take one of the lit candles and carefully begin to pour a small drizzle of hot wax on your chest very close to your nipple. The sting of the hot wax makes you gasp and start to pant but it feels good after the cold of the ice. I again take a piece of ice and hold it above you letting it melt where I just let the hot wax fall. I begin alternating sensations of hot and cold pain and pleasure which make you wiggle in the chair and cry out in ecstasy, your head swimming all of your body waiting to be satisfied. You beg and plead with me to free you, and I say "Soon my love very soon."

I remove the blindfold from your eyes and we stare at each other for what seems like an eternity. I move in to kiss you passionately, deeply again the soft gush of slipperiness escapes my slit as your tongue penetrates my lips. The tingling in the pit of my stomach stronger than ever my nipples hard and erect aching to be licked pinched and sucked. Then you softly whisper in my ear "God I want to fuck you so hard." I gasp and giggle excitedly, chills run up my spine in anticipation of the thrashing I will soon be receiving.

I place my right foot on your left thigh softly and spread my legs apart. Carefully I begin to touch and rub my fingers down the length of my wet pussy spreading my lips apart for you to admire it. This of course drives you insane and you lean your head back and close your eyes and gasp. If only I would let your arms free! I continue to let my fingers dance around the outside of my throbbing sex before inserting one finger then two never taking my eyes from yours. I watch you watching me finger myself, and I can see and feel how much pleasure this brings you as the sweet saltiness of you begins to ooze from the head of your bulging cock again. 

My fingers moving faster harder in and out of my wet pussy while you stare helpless and unable to reach out and enjoy it as well driving you completely insane. Your cock pulsing and throbbing between your legs, the aching in your groin growing more by the second! Watching your torture sends waves of ecstasy rippling from the pit of my stomach and washes over me as I cum unable to stop it. 

Then I untie your hands. You immediately grab me forcefully but gently kissing me as we make our way to the bed. You grab my breast and begin kneading it in your strong hand, sucking my nipples nibbling them lightly, your other hand firmly on my bare ass guiding me closer to the bed. Suddenly and forcefully you throw me down on the bed and spread my legs apart. You whisper in my ear "Now it's your turn." 

The sound of your voice penetrates me sending waves of pleasure radiating to my aching sex it begins to throb and the tingling in my stomach becomes unbearable I have to have you inside of me and now! I pull you on top of me and guide your swollen rock hard sex into my wet slit while I stroke your balls. It pierces me and makes my insides melt like warm butter and I feel my slippery wetness slide all over you as I cum instantly. You feel the walls of my pussy clamp down hard on your cock and you begin to move slowly and deliberately in and out. With my hands on your chest we both watch as your cock slips in and out glistening in the soft light from my wetness all over it. You slow your movements to torture me some more then you are careful to stick only the head in teasing me until I feel like I am about to loose my mind. 

I grab your ass hard digging my nails in trying to desperately push you deeper inside of me. I beg and plead for you to fuck me harder and you whisper in my ear "Not yet my love." The waves of pleasure again come rippling from the pit of my stomach washing over me to my throbbing clit and I cum again. I scream loudly. Faster and harder your movements become my hips moving back and forth in perfect time meeting you thrust for thrust the tingling in my stomach now constant and building to an immense peak of sexual ecstasy. Our eyes locked on each our breath and heartbeat almost as one pushing closer and closer to climax. My legs and arms wrapped around your body desperately clinging as the waves of pleasure wash over me again and again and again before you explode releasing all of your hot juices inside of me. I feel the gush and the warmth as you cum hard. The last of your thrusts sending shivers through my entire body from my pulsing clit. 

We collapse from exhaustion our bodies still entwined your cock still in me savoring the feeling of being inside the warm wetness wanting to stay this way forever. I cradle your head on my chest and run my fingers through your hair as we drift off to sleep.