 Janice and Heather were neighbors. Janice was 29 years old, blond with a figure that would easily turn heads and raise dicks. But she didn’t realize that she was a very attractive woman and a walking fantasy. She was married to a real estate agent named Jack and, as a pair, they were devoted to each other. Jack and Janice, or J&J as friends knew them, were also very naive sexually. Heather, on the other hand, was far from naive. She and her husband, Dave, were quite adventurous with each other and had even posted a few photos on the Internet. Heather was in her early 30s and had a body that was firm and well proportioned. “Come on, we’ve got a few minutes before we have to leave. I want to pick up something for tonight”, said Heather.

“Sure”, replied Janice. “Where are we going?” 

“I want to go to that new lingerie shop in the mall. Dave has been out of town since Tuesday and he gets home tonight. I’m going to greet him at the door dressed in something skimpy.”

Janice turned a little red but smiled as they went down the mall. Heather noticed that she was a little uncomfortable with the conversation and she decided to see how open Janice was about sex. They entered the lingerie shop and Heather went straight to the panties hanging on the wall. She took down a pair of sheer bikinis and turned to Janice. “What do you think about these? Do you think that Dave would like these ones?” 

Janice turned red again but managed to nod a yes in response. She couldn’t believe that Heather was talking about her sex life as if it were no big deal. Janice didn’t know what to say, but before she could say anything Heather took another pair of panties off the wall and held them out for Janice to see. “What about these? Dave really likes thongs.”

“Heather!” exclaimed Janice. “What are you doing?”

“What do you mean?” replied Heather innocently. “All I want to do is get something sexy for tonight and I want your opinion on what panties to get that will have Dave hard as soon as he walks in the door.”

By now Janice was totally embarrassed and almost speechless. “I had no idea that you were this daring. I could never discuss sex like this.”

“Oh come on Janice. This is nothing. I’ll tell you what, I will tell you one thing that Dave and I do if you tell me one thing that you and Jack do. Is it a deal?”

“I can’t”, said Janice. I would be too embarrassed.”

Heather looked at Janice and smiled. She then took the thong panties she was holding and held them up to Janice. “These would look nice on you. Why don’t you get a pair and see what they do for Jack?”

Janice turned red again and crossed her arms in frustration. “Don’t make fun of me Heather. Just because I don’t talk about my sex life doesn’t mean that I don’t have one.”

“I’m sorry”, said Heather. “I won’t tease you again, but just let me tell you that doing something a little different once and a while can be a lot of fun. Dave really likes it when I wear sexy panties. I even get him to put them on and watch his hard cock slip around inside them. Sometimes we both go shopping and buy his and hers sets of panties and then we spend all night as hot as hell.”

Something changed as Janice listened to Heather talk. She was no longer embarrassed but rather she was enthralled with what she was hearing. She wanted to hear more so she pressed Heather for some details. “You dress Dave up in panties? What does he think of that?

“Dave is a panty addict. Once he dumped out my panty drawer and made me try on every pair in front of him. I told him that he had to get naked as well and I had him masturbate as I put on my little panty fashion show. I only made it through five pairs before Dave grabbed me and buried his face in my pussy.”

Janice was now wet and horny. “Do you really think Jack would like it if I tried something like that? Janice reached for pair of white see-through panties and held them up against her skirt.

“You wear those tonight and let me know tomorrow.” The two women paid for their items and walked back to work. All Janice could think about for the rest of the afternoon was what she wanted Jack to do for her that evening. She was frightened that he would think that she was crazy and sick for even suggesting such a thing, but she was determined to try. 

Janice usually got home before Jack and today was no exception. She stripped off her work clothes and stood in front of the mirror. She had sometimes wondered if she was loosing her attractiveness as she got older. Janice reached up and held her still firm breasts feeling the nipples harden as she gave each one a squeeze. “These are still in good shape” she thought and she turned around to look at her behind. “My ass is still nice and round” and she ran a hand over the cheeks of her blemish free bum. Then she faced the mirror and looked at the patch of hair covering her wet pussy. She ran her fingers through the short tangles and gently caressed the lips of her cunt. She closed her eyes and slipped a finger in between the wet and greasy folds of her sex. With her other hand she pinched her nipples and massaged her succulent breasts. In her mind Jack was licking her pussy and she was sucking his cock. She worked another finger into her cunt and rubbed her clit, which was swollen and demanding attention. Janice reached into the night table and took out her ‘little toy’ which was not so little. She turned it on and the familiar buzzing noise made her smile. Janice placed the tip of the vibrator against the nipple of her right breast. It was as though her breast was attached to electrodes and electricity was coursing through her. Janice frantically worked her fingers over her clit and around her sopping wet cunt. She could feel her orgasm begin to build and she lifted one led to the edge of the bed to open up her pussy some more. Janice teased her swollen clit with the tip of the vibrator. She opened her eyes and looked at her self in the mirror. What she saw was a woman who wanted sex. A woman who wanted to try different things with the man she loved. A woman who was no longer embarrassed about her desires or fantasies. Janice rammed the vibrator in and out of her sweet wet pussy and started to cum. She reached for the dresser to prevent herself from falling as the waves of her orgasm vibrated through her body. She collapsed on the bed but continued to squeeze her cunt lips together until the final tremors had subsided. Janice thought about what had just happened and she smiled to herself, “Jack is in for a surprise tonight.”

Janice showered and put on the new panties she bought. Then she picked out a very short skirt that she knew Jack liked and added a white, semi sheer, blouse. She decided not to wear a bra and she liked the feel of her naked breasts against the fabric. Standing in front of the mirror she turned to admire her profile. As she turned around she had to admit that her figure was still pleasing, her breasts were firm and round and her legs were well toned and long. The more she gazed at her reflection the more self assured she became. She was going to treat Jack to a sexual feast. She wanted to be the main course.

Janice went into the living room and opened a bottle of red wine setting it and two glasses on the side table. She put on some soft mellow music, drew the curtains closed and dimmed the lights. Her timing was perfect. As Jack stepped through the door she threw her arms around him and kissed him long and hard.

“What gives?” asked Jack somewhat bewildered.

Janice stepped back and opened the top two buttons of her blouse. Her ample chest was barely covered and she let her fingers trace a path around her stiff nipples. “Heather and I went shopping today.”

“I know that you love to shop but I had no idea that shopping had this affect on you.”

“We went panty shopping. Did you know that Dave has a thing for Heather’s panties? She told me quite a bit about Dave’s little secret and how she makes him wear her panties when the have sex.” Janice stepped closer to Jack and felt his semi erect cock through his pants. “If you’re enjoying this just wait until later.”

Janice quickly turned and went back to the living room. As she walked away she turned her head and said “I want you showered and naked in five minutes”. Jack dropped his brief case and ran into the bedroom stripping off his clothes as he went. He quickly stepped into the shower not caring that the water was ice cold. He toweled off and was back in the living room in record time. Janice was sitting on the sofa sipping wine, “Come stand in front of me so I can see your lovely cock”, she commanded.

Jack had never seen his wife be this aggressive and demanding. Despite his confusion, he was really turned on by Janice’s take charge manner. His cock was now fully erect and pointed straight at Janice’s face. She had him stand beside the sofa and she took his cock in her right hand as she sipped wine from the glass held in her left. She smiled and began to stroke Jack’s cock. Her skirt had risen well above her thighs and Jack could easily see the new panties she was wearing. The sheer fabric acted as a window through which he could see her sweet juicy pussy. Jack placed his hand over his wife’s and followed her motion up and down his cock. With his other hand he reached down to fondle his balls adding to the erotic sensation. Janice continued to sip her wine but she eased her hand from under Jack’s, telling him to continue playing with himself. She pulled her skirt up to her waist and slipped her hand inside her now very wet panties. They were both enthralled watching each other masturbate. This was something that went beyond anything they had done before. Janice managed to regain her self control before they went over the edge.

“That’s enough baby, don’t cum yet we’ve only just begun our little party and there’s so much more I want to do.”

Jack stopped his hand action and reached out for Janice. She stood up and they immediately went into a long and passionate embrace. Janice reached down and grabbed Jack’s cock using it as a lead to pull him into the bedroom. Jack followed willingly and on arrival he reached around Janice to cup her breasts in his hands. He pulled her toward him and she could feel his hard cock pressing into her backside. With his arms around her he leaned forward and kissed the nape of her neck. This was something that Janice loved, especially when Jack sometimes got a little anxious and gently bit her neck and shoulder. Janice loved to be held and taken. She had never said this directly to Jack but on the occasions when he really took full control she had the best orgasms. She secretly wanted to be tied up and have Jack tease her relentlessly. When she was alone and Jack was on the road, she would sometimes fantasize about being submissive to Jack. She wanted to act the slut but not loose face in Jack’s eyes. As Jack continued to hold her tightly she felt that perhaps tonight she would fulfill her fantasy.

Janice stepped back until her legs touched the edge of the bed. Holding onto Jack she fell backwards with Jack on top of her. She wrapped her arms around him and whispered in his ear ‘Take me, make me cum’. Jack starred down at his lovely wife and saw the look of pure lust in her eyes. He took her arms and pulled them toward the head of the bed. Janice was helpless and she loved it. She began to moan loudly and struggled to free herself. Jack tightened his grip and kissed her hard on the mouth. He moved between her thighs forcing them open with his knees. Janice was putting up quite a fight and Jack soon realized that he couldn’t do anything as long as his hands were occupied holding onto Janice’s arms. 

Jack stood up pulling Janice with him and dragged her over to the closet. He quickly grabbed a handful if his ties and moved back to the bed. He threw Janice onto the bed and straddled her chest. His cock was pointing at her face and he stuck it in her mouth as he secured her hands with one of his ties. Janice sucked greedily on his fat tool. She worked her tongue around the head of his cock and tried to swallow it whole. Jack withdrew his dick from her hungry mouth and moved up until he could attach the tie to the headboard of the bed. This placed him squarely over Janice’s face and his balls dangled just above her waiting, wanting mouth. Janice took one of his testicles in her mouth and sucked on it relentlessly. Jack couldn’t believe what was happening but he wasn’t about to stop and question his good fortune. With Janice’s hands now secured he grabbed his dick and pumped it furiously as Janice sucked on his nut sack. 

Janice was in a sexual trance and she loved the feeling of being forced to submit to Jack’s desire. She released the testicle from her mouth and Jack fell forward. She was now looking directly at Jack’s puckered asshole and without hesitation she forced her tongue between the cheeks of his ass. Janice ran her tongue around the rim of his anus and back along the ridge to his balls. She moved back to Jack’s asshole, probing and licking its wrinkled opening. If her hands were free she would have pushed a finger into Jack’s ass and grab his cock at the same time. 

Jack was holding onto the headboard. His eyes were closed and he was lost in the sensation of being rimmed by his wife. His cock was so hard and so hot that the merest touch would cause him to explode. He wanted to cum and he wanted to come on Janice’s face. He reached down and grabbed his cock. He began to massage his hard and painful dick. It only took a few strokes and he knew that he was about to cum. Janice knew as well and she readied her self for the flood that was so close. Jack pulled back until his cock was directly over Janice’s face and then he erupted with a torrent of sticky cum hitting Janice square in the face. The first load landed on her mouth and nose, and a second jet of sperm hit her cheek. The third batch was not as large or a forceful as the first two but Janice had opened her mouth to catch it on her tongue. Jack collapsed on top of Janice’s face and she continued to suck him dry. 

After a few minutes Jack stood up and looked down at his wife. Her face was covered with his sticky cum and she was using her tongue to lick up what ever she could reach. Jack realized that Janice was still dressed and he began to unbutton her blouse to gain access to her tits. With her arms still tied above her head he could not completely remove it. But he didn’t mind, he had what he wanted and he placed his mouth over one of her hard and puffy nipples. Janice let out a low and deep moan as Jack sucked and bit on her breast. Her pussy ached and she desperately wanted him attack her clit. Opening her legs she whispered to Jack, “Fuck me please, I need your cock inside me.”

Jack liked the control he had over his wife and he wanted to hear more. “Tell me what you want me to do. Tell me about your pussy and what it craves.”

“Oh Jack please. I need to feel your cock in my pussy. It’s so hot and wet that I can’t stand it. Please fuck me Jack. Fuck me now.”

Jack moved down the bed until he was between her legs. He reached down and ran a finger along the crotch of her new panties. They were soaked in her juices and he wanted to taste her wetness. Jack began to kiss the inside of her thighs moving slowly toward her panty covered pussy. The smell was strong and musky and Jack savored the aroma emanating from her inflamed cunt. He ran his tongue along the edge of her panties and his nose brushed against Janice’s pussy. He then covered her crotch with his mouth and probed her pussy through the thin panty. Janice could hardly stand it. She wanted to cum so badly that she bucked against Jack’s mouth to force his tongue between the lips of her cunt. Jack pulled the panty crotch aside and teased her clit with the tip of his tongue. Janice was moaning loudly and almost in tears she wanted to cum so badly. Jack wanted to continue to taste her pussy but he also wanted to fuck his wife. He moved up her body until the head of his cock met the lips of her sex. He reached down and moved his cock back and forth between her pussy lips. Janice was now crying because she was so lost in her need to cum. Jack began to fuck her slowly but Janice had had enough foreplay. She wanted to be fucked hard and fast. Jack increased his rhythm and was soon pounding her pussy with everything he had. Janice screamed and came with such force that she arched her back lifting them both off the bed. Her orgasm seemed to last for ever but finally she fell silent and clung to Jack for comfort and security.

They couldn’t move but Jack forced himself to release Janice from her bindings. They then curled up and looked into each other’s eyes. Without saying a word they both knew that they had turned a page in their sexual relationship and they were very happy.