 Authors Notes:

Many thanks again to SweetTits for her excellent editing. 

Thank you for reading this story. I hope my writing style is developing nicely but if you have any comments or feedback please send them through as I would love to hear from you.

TB

It had been a great gig. The house was packed, my band had played well and the audience had been fantastic. We had worked hard and I was dripping with sweat after loading the gear I headed to the transport to get a clean shirt.

I peeled off my old shirt and threw it in my bag and was reaching for my new one when I heard a female voice say,

"Are you Frank?"

I grabbed my clean shirt and stepped back to see who was asking for me.

There in front of me was an attractive woman that had been dancing up a storm in front of me for most of the second half.

I offered her my hand and asked

"Guilty as charged. What can I do for you Miss?" phrasing the question so as to get her name.

Her smile disappeared as quick as a flash and no hand was offered to take mine.

"Mrs. Jane Armstrong." Was her curt reply. Her smile disappeared.

I guessed she didn't like being a Miss but any conversation can be a booking so I try to keep people happy

"Well that found who you are but not what I can do for you Mrs. Jane" I smiled as I said it to lighten the moment.

Her manner did not change. She almost spat her reply at me.

"What gives you the right to make assumptions about my lifestyle and marital choices?" 

"Hey, sorry if I offended you. I didn't mean anything by it" 

Suddenly her face cracked into a smile.

"I so got you. Rob said to say I was married"

Rob was our guitarist and tended to try to get me into trouble as often as he could. Suddenly I heard him laughing from the stage. Chalk another one up to that prick.

"Ok, let's start that again. Hi Jane, I'm Frankie"

"Hi Frankie. Do you work out?"

"Occasionally. Why? Where is this going?" 

"Nice chest." Jane replied 

Yeah, I'd forgotten to put my shirt on. Real smooth!

"Sorry about that. It was a good gig tonight and I had to change my shirt. You caught me mid change" I replied as I pulled my clean shirt on

"No problems. I was enjoying the view. I'm sure you'd get more women at your shows if you wore less." Her smile grew wider as she started to laugh.

I smiled back. She had a smile that could light a room up

"Anyway Jane. Can I get you a drink? I'm pretty dehydrated after the gig and it's the least I can do to make up for stinking of sweat."

"You don't smell that bad and you have earned it tonight so can we can go inside for a chat as well?"

We headed back into the bar, got a drink and found a quite corner to sit in. Jane was a real live wire and she liked the band so it was all good. We sat and chatted for a while about the usual gig talk, dancing, music, how long the band had been playing etc. Then a strange thing happened. It seemed Jane and I had gone to school together. All the gig posters had my 'stage name' on which hid my real surname but as soon as she found out what it was we took a real trip down memory lane.

It seemed Jane was home from college for a break and had traveled over from home to where we were playing. She had come over with a friend but she couldn't spot where she was.

"Its 40 odd miles home. Do you want a lift?" I offered. "There is plenty of space in the minivan to crash and it's only me heading that way as the guys all live north of here. If your friend turns up you can both ride back. Save you a cab fare"

"I'm not sure - I should really find my friend first." Jane replied.

"No worries. You said you were back for another week. Do you fancy going for a drink before you go back to college?"

"Yeah - I'd like that. Thanks Frankie"

I gave her my number and she texted me her details back.

She stood up to head out looking for her friend so I took her hand and walked her to where my minivan was parked. We turned face to face. 

"I'm looking forward to that drink." Jane said.

"Me to." 

I lent in and gently kissed her lips. She responded by opening her mouth slightly and we kissed properly.

"Now I'm really looking forward to that drink" I said. "Speak to you soon."

I broke off and headed for the van door as Jane's phone bleeped. She fished it out of her bag and read the message.

"The bitch!." Jane spat.

"Hey - you ok?" I asked.

"Yeah." She replied. "That 'friend' of mine is already home. She got a lift with George her ex-boyfriend."

Jane looked up and swore. "Shit. I hate to ask Frankie but about that lift.."

"No problems. Glad to help out. Climb in."

Jane smiled that dazzling smile of hers, ran to the passenger side and swung herself in the door and onto the seat alongside me. She lent over and kissed my cheek

"A kiss for my knight in a shining Chrysler!" she joked.

I started the engine and we headed out onto the freeway. We were cruising along and chatting. I'm not sure how it started but suddenly we were talking about relationships.

"I just seem to pick guys who treat me like crap, pinch all my money and then screw my best friend" Jane said as she stared with slightly glazed eyes into the distance. 

Clearly something was still troubling her a bit.

"Oh well then that has finished us before we got started. There is no way I could treat you like that." I replied. 

I gave her a sideways look and saw her smile returning 

"After all I haven't met your best friend. She might be a pig..."

She laughed and playfully punched my arm.

There was a good gap between the seats but she lent over against my shoulder.

"Thanks." She said. "I needed a laugh."

"No, what you need is a good fuck to take your mind off things."

"Frankie! I hardly know you." She exclaimed. 

Her voice lowered a bit and with a husky playful edge she asked "But if you could what would you do with me?"

"Do you want all the details?" I replied.

"Mmm sounds interesting"

"Ok, where to start." I started to tell the story to her.

"I'd take you back to your place so you feel safe and comfortable, we would turn the lights down low and put on some slow sexy music. Then I'd hold you in my arms and kiss you gently to start with, lowering you onto your coach. I'd gently stroke your face whilst kissing you before moving on to your ears. I'd start kissing your ears as my fingers gently caress the warm skin on your neck and shoulders."

"I'd ask if you had any massage oil before removing your top and turning you around to sit in between my legs. I'd just push your bra straps down onto your upper arms and let you sink back into my chest as I rub the deeply scented oil into your neck and shoulders for a while." "Of course I'd have to remove your bra before long so as not to get any off the oil onto it of course"

I took a slow glance over toward her in the passenger seat. She had her eyes closed and was either asleep or imaging what I'd do. Her lips parted

"Go on". She said with a slight tremor to her voice.

"I'd lean you forward slightly and trace your spine down, massaging outwards as I went, letting my hands wander around to the side of your breasts. I look down at your body and your nipples are small and hard. Standing erect despite the warmth in the room. You are clearly enjoying this massage too as I move my hands round to just run my fingers across your nipples. Taking my time. Taking as long as I can to draw my hands across them, to stimulate them as much as possible. I lean forward and kiss the back of your neck and around towards your ears. You turn your head as much as you can and our mouths meet in a deep passionate kiss"

"I'd lean away and continue to trace one hand down to your lower back whilst gently stroking your nipples and breasts. By now your breathing is getting quite deep as your passion starts to rise"

I paused for a moment and looked over to see Jane just gently playing with her nipples. Her actions were starting to copy my words as her hands became my hands roaming over her body.

"I'd trace your wonderful cleavage down towards your stomach with my left hand whilst my right circles down around your lower back, just occasionally dipping under the waist line of your skirt"

"Mean while your knees have parted and your hands are on the tops of your thighs. I reach down and lift them onto your waist replacing them with my own. I start to stroke your things in circles before gently making my way up towards your short skirt. Here I find my first surprise. As I lift your skirt slightly I find a stocking top and some bare skin beyond it. I widen my hands so my thumbs just gently press into the soft skin above them whilst my fingers continue to caress below"

"You shift your self back into my crotch to give me better access and in doing so press your arse into the outline of my hard cock in my trousers. You turn your head again and your lips meet mine, our tongues searching for each other and finding what we wanted."

Jane's breathing was starting to quicken and I could just see her face becoming flushed with warmth even in the dark of the cab.

"As you push yourself against me I'd put my hands onto yours and pull you towards me – holding you tight as we kiss. Once more though my hands would go roaming, pulling your skirt up higher letting it bunch around your middle, revealing to me your stockings and your silky black French knickers. I'd circle my hands back down onto your inner thighs, gently parting them, letting my thumbs drop lower towards your mound but pulling your knickers tight over your pussy before moving my hands back up, keeping my touch just away from your pussy, delicately teasing you, letting you anticipate what is to come before again circling them down and repeating this, getting closer and closer to your wet pussy each time I do it. I can look down over your shoulder and see how turned on you are as your knickers are now soaked where they have been pulled tight over your lips."

As I looked over to Jane she has pulled her skirt up and one hand was moving underneath it as she stroked her pussy. She was breathing much quicker and I could clearly see how turned on she was.

"Shall I pull over somewhere quiet and do that for you?" I asked. "I'm sure your pussy would love to meet a new set of fingers"

"Stop the dam car and get over her. But please don't stop talking." She asked.

I spotted our off ramp ahead and pointed the car at it. As we turned off the freeway I scanned the road ahead for anywhere to pull in. There looked like a narrow lane so I quickly turned into it and cut the engine.

"Let's get into the back and make ourselves comfortable" Jane suggested.

I went back and sat on the bench seat, Jane came back and kissed me, her hands pushing me back"

"No." I said. "With your back towards me like in the story"

Jane turned round and sat back into me

"Now where was I?" I asked

"You were plunging your fingers into me and bringing me to a shuddering climax" Jane said

"No, I'm sure I was still teasing you."

I dropped my hands onto her thighs; her hands were on her mound with her fingers trailing down across her pussy.

I took hold of them and lifted them up onto her breasts.

"You will be coming soon enough." I said. "I'm going to take my time and when you're ready you will come and come and come. Tonight you'll be treated properly to make up for anyone that has used you for their pleasure. Tonight is your night"

She let out a moan as I kissed her deeply. I let one hand return to circle on her inner thigh and the other headed up to her breasts.

"Back to the story then" 

"Your pussy is wet, I move your knickers to one side. I find your neat trimmed mound as I part my fingers and slide them down along your inner thighs towards your arse. Gently pushing them together to push your pussy lips together, as I draw them back up I let my fingers just touch your lips and your body shudders with the unexpected but welcomed contact. As my fingers head down again they travel this time between your lips pausing at you wet opening just gently circling and probing, feeling just how wet you are. I leave one hand there and draw the other up to find your clit. I very gently expose your clit to the warm air and to the very tip of my finger"

Jane shuddered in my arms. She was getting very, very aroused so I let my fingers slide towards her soaking wet pussy lips as I started to mimic my story.

"I just gently stoke your clit with my finger"

Jane bucked under me and moaned deeply

"I push a finger inside you, exploring the warmth it finds"

Jane's hands dropped to mine and pushed my fingers deep inside her as I kissed the back of her neck.

Her tremors started in earnest and her breathing sped up. I could see her body start to flush as her heart beat faster and faster as her breaths came in gulps.

"My fingers find your clit and gently so gently start to stroke in time with your beating heart whilst my other hand reaches down towards your arse. I slowly slide my thumb into your pussy whilst my fingers extend down. You tremble as a finger slides in you. A thumb and a finger. Each in different holes."

Jane bucked as though an electric shock had hit her as my finger slid into her arse. She gasped out but it was with pleasure not pain.

"Jane. Rub your nipples" I asked.

Her hands came back up to her breasts and she started to stroke them through her top.

" I move my fingers in and out of you as my other hand delicately flicks your erect clit. I place the tip of my finger on your clit and start to move in small circles, slowly starting to speed up, taking you closer and closer towards orgasm. You get hotter and hotter, your breathing gets faster and faster as your senses start to get overloaded with the many stimulations you are getting. Messages traveling from your clit to your pleasure centre as my fingers do exactly what you want. Fingers moving faster and faster as you are caressed, stroked and pleasured."

Jane started to shudder as her orgasm approached

"Your breathing shortens as your pleasure heightens. It seems you can only breathe in as my fingers touch you, stroke you, open you and occupy you"

"Aaaah." Jane screamed as her orgasm hit. "Frankie. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!!" As each wave of pleasure washed over her. As every muscle in her body contracted as my fingers continued to rub her as gently as I could.

I held Jane tight when she went limp as her orgasm subsided. I held her close as she came down from the heights of passion.

I gently lifted her and lay her on the bench seat, watching her chest start to move slower as her breathing returned to normal.

I waited with her for a few minutes. She was sleepy after her exertions so I carefully belted her in. I kissed her on her forehead and returned to the driving seat to take her the few miles back to my house.

She was asleep when we got there so I bundled her up in my arms and took her inside and upstairs to my bed.

It had been a long pleasurable night for her.

Would I get the same in the morning?