 The snow piled upon the windows, rounding the corners. The shadows it cast made the cabin much darker than it should be, in the mid-afternoon.

She plied the fire with another piece of wood, poking it carefully into the burning pile. Hot ashes danced upwards, celebrating the commitment of the log to the transformative process. The flames were welcoming, and accepted the new fuel in long licks.

In the corner, he'd been "reading", his eyes stealing glances of her more than they stayed on the book. He watched her kneel and stretch before the fire's heat. He watched the fire consume itself. Arising from his chair, he approached her. Sliding his hands up under her green velvet skirt, along the backs of her thighs, his palms now cupping her ass. 

Releasing a long sigh, she pushed back to his hand, raising her hips to him in offering-- resting her head on the floor. He moved her skirt up and over her back, and pushed her thighs apart. His fingers pressed hard against her panties, already he could feel the hot damp, that told of his love's desire.

"Ohhhh, please." Her words were moaned, breathy and hoarse, as her hips swayed, like a cobra before a charmer, her panties going quickly from damp to wet. 

Her wantonness called forth a low growl from somewhere deep inside of him. Arousal stirred profoundly within them both . 

Her sighs grew into the lowest of moans as the pressure of his fingers, broad and flat between her lips, brought on her juices, slick and hot. His cock stiffened and throbbed, straining against his trousers.

His hands slipped her panties down. Pressing his mouth to her wet folds. His tongue sought her red berry-- swollen. He sucked it between his teeth until she shook. 

His mouth sucked at her pleasure as his fingers delved into her core. Spread open, he pressed and stroked hard against that spot that made her world dissolve. Their lust grew as it was reflected from one back to the other. It built until it had to crest. Her cries rang from the walls as his lips sucked the passion from her center.

Dissolving into the tides washing over them-- flowing from her. The waves crashed, near enough to drown him. He pressed her frenzied body tight against him, his arm cradling her hips and belly. Her breath caught raggedly, as her cries subsided. 

And when her world fell back into place, she found his hand pressing against the nape of her neck, holding her cheek against the cool floor. Her orgasm brought her fully present into her body, into this moment, livening her senses. Her ears picked up a rustling of cloth, the howl of the wind against the windows, and the crackling of the fire which warmed her skin. He lowered himself to her, his mouth at her ear. 

"Fucking perfect." His voice was low and lusty, hot breath warming her neck. She could feel his skin against hers, covering her body. 

"Sit up, love, and turn to me". Without hesitation, she rose, her hips lowered to rest on her upturned feet, and turned. Her eyes slowly scanned up the lines of his legs, stopping at his cock, rampant and pulsing. She drew in a deep breath as she turned her face up, her gaze continuing to follow the lines of his belly and chest. He could feel her eyes on his skin, as palpable as her delicate hand would be. 

She rose until her face was level with his pulsing cock. She guided his stiffness into her mouth, sucking longingly on his shaft. Her lips tight around him as his fingers caught in her hair, pulling her closer. He pulled her down until his throbbing cock filled her mouth, and pushed on. Opening her throat she engulfed him, pulsating around his head. 

He held her there for moments, for eternities, as she gave into the fullness. Her breath held, nothing remaining but the his cock, demanding her attention.

He eased his hold and she released him, gasping. His strong hands cupped her breasts, pushing them close together, he shifted until he could angle his cock into her cleft, and he pumped-- growling.

Holding herself steady, her hands on his shoulders, she caught his eyes, and held his gaze as he built his passion. Caught in his dark iris, she found herself falling, like that feeling she got when she looked up into the endless starry sky. Her breath a vocalization of her desire, in soft sighs and whimpers.

With a deep groan, he found release--- his thick hot cream showering them in liquid proof of the lust shared.

They sat together, holding close, wet in each others desire. Connected, breathing, warm.