 She wanted him badly. The way he walked, the smell of his perfume, the way his body would stretch under those white clean shirts. And those hands, those sexy hands she pictured holding her body, grabbing her ass and raising her up, lifting her skirt and entering her in one swift motion.

Her boss was the epitome of sex. And he was all she desired.

For a long time they worked side by side. She was always so proper; desperately trying not to show how much her skin tingled just by being near him. Until that day...that god forsaking day when all her masks fell down.

It was a long day at work and she had a birthday party to attend afterwards. She couldn't just come to the office dressed in her sexy black dress so she packed her party clothes and planned to change after work and head straight to meet with her friends. As the day dragged by she was getting agitated and couldn't wait to go, especially since today her boss was looking exceptionally well. Tailored dark suit, and that bastard attitude he had on. God, it made her hot.

When all the work was done, she said her farewell to him and quickly marched to the bathroom. She entered a booth and started taking down her clothes, it fell wrinkled to the floor...she put one hand in her panties and stroked her aching clit, she needed to orgasm. She sat on the toilet and started rubbing herself furiously, thinking of him, the more she rubbed the louder her moans became...until the door burst open and what a sight it was – the little proper secretary with only her bra on, with one boob out, her panties down by her ankles and her finger in her warm and wet pussy and a delightful look of shock on her face.

"My, my what do we have here...a little slut." – Her boss had a voice that could both melt chocolate and cut through glass. This was a mixture between sweet and acid.

"Mr Davies..Chris I didn't mean...I...this..." – she began to mumble incoherently her hand still on her clit, her cheeks flushed and her eyes wide open.

"What is it Miss Clarke...a little pussy cat got your tongue?" – The way he said pussy made her jump a little on her seat, before she managed to utter a single word out, he grabbed her face and made her look at him – "Would you like to finish?" he asked.

"Excuse me?"

"You heard me my little slut"

She was quiet for a few moments that seemed like an eternity to her until she quietly whispered her yes to him.

"Why so shy my dear Emily? The things I plan to do with you have no room for shyness. Come now, be a good girl for your boss and take my cock out. I know you've been dying to see it. Here is your chance my little slut. Take it out. NOW."

She clumsily took his belt and started unzipping him. But with every movement her confidence returned little by little. She couldn't understand why she felt so timid around him.

"That's it...now open your mouth and stick your tongue out...that's it...so pretty, now lick it like a good girl. Show me how much you want it deep inside you."

She loved the way his cock felt in her hand, it was warm, thick and hard and beautiful. She wanted him badly. She wanted to show him how much she imagined sucking on his cock...and there was her chance. She stuck out her tongue and started licking him all over, salivating him, and making slurping sounds, with her saliva drooling on the floor below her, she made sure he was more than moist when she put him deep in her mouth and started sucking on him like her life depended on it. He watched her from above, her pretty mouth working him hard, he let her take her pace for now, enjoying the site of watching his prim little secretary looking like a first class whore. God he enjoyed it. She was good at sucking him, better than he thought.

"That's it, good girl...now put your hands behind your back." He commanded, as soon as she did, he took her head in his hands, looked at her and started fucking her mouth. She coughed and tried to hold on but it was too hard, she tried to push back.

"Hands behind your back I said. Take it all, swallow it. Satisfy me Emily." It was a request she couldn't say no to, she did her best to relax a bit and then she felt him tense and shoot his load deep in her throat.

"Mmm...very nice. Now, let's see what my new pussy feels like...Sit back and spread your pussy with your hands. Show me your clit. Show me what you have to offer me."

She did as he told her to. She felt so horny and still felt him in her mouth. He was salty and strong and intoxicating. She wanted more. She wanted to be his slut, his little whore. She spread her pussy hard, showing it all, showing how wet she was.

"My, my, what a pretty little pussy I have all to myself. Stick your finger in it...slowly. That's it. Now open your mouth and lick it. Does it taste good?"- She nodded "Good...now stick it again...fuck yourself with your finger." And so she did. She was getting erratic she needed to come badly.

"That's enough my greedy little bitch. Take it out. Give me your finger." – He took her offering and licked all of the juices from it. "You taste good Emily. Would you like to come?"

"Yes sir, please sir"

"Very well...stand up." – She had trouble keeping herself steady. He put one arm around her to keep her on her feet, and his other hand went to her pussy, he started massaging her little clit, stroking her, driving her crazy, until he put his finger inside and started fucking her with it, then another one...and another until three of his fingers were lodged deep inside and making juicy noises that would eco though the walls.

"Come for me Emily...let me own your pussy. Come...NOW" and so she did. And burst into a thousand little flames at his touch.

He released his hold on her, grabbed one nipple and tugged on it and smiled to her.

"Thank you. Now hurry up. You don't want to be late to your party."

She just stood there, looking at him exiting the toiler all dressed up as if nothing happened.

She smiled. She wanted more. She had a feeling this was just the beginning.