 Sunlight kissed Olivia's skin and tangled in her hair, turning the blonde strands a shimmering gold. Warm air filtered through the open window, caressing her bare shoulders as the car cruised along the highway.

Olivia closed her eyes and sighed. The hard rock music blaring from the speakers competed with the persistent throbbing inside her head. She leaned her elbow on the door and massaged her temple.

She and Dean had just attended a pool side barbecue in the sun-drenched backyard of his boss's house - his flirtatious female boss. He'd worked at the company for twelve months now. Olivia was introduced to his colleagues for the first time today. It should have been an enjoyable gathering, relaxing over a cocktail or two. She'd only managed to make it through the afternoon by gritting her teeth and wishing away the hours.

Her eyes drifted open. She stared at the line of eucalyptus trees scattered along the roadside as words of suspicion crawled up her throat. Olivia forced them back, knowing they served no other purpose than stirring up trouble she didn't want or need. She smoothed her hands over her white skirt, trying to ignore the twisting in her stomach. She studied the pink polish coating her fingernails and focused her thoughts on dinner instead.

Dean planned to take her out tonight to their favourite restaurant. Just the two of them, a candle lit table, good food and a glass or two of wine. It was a custom he'd begun on their first anniversary together. They'd kept it going four years now. Olivia glanced at the bare fingers of her left hand - still no ring, but that was okay. She'd never been too caught up on the idea of marriage anyway. A smile flickered across her lips. Well, so she kept telling herself.

Her gaze shifted to Dean. His elbow rested on the door. One hand wrapped around the steering wheel while the other tapped a silent beat against his jeans-clad thigh. He wore a short-sleeved shirt the colour of charcoal and the breeze coming through the crack of open window ruffled his dark hair. 

Olivia's eyes narrowed. The relaxed air about him, the complete lack of awareness, brought back in a rush the annoyance she'd been attempting to quash. He hadn't noticed her discomfort at the barbecue. It seemed, even now, after a half hour of silence, it still hadn't registered.

He glanced across at her as if feeling the weight of her stare on him. "What's wrong?" 

Olivia exhaled slowly. The words began tumbling out of her mouth before she could stop them. "Why did you let her keep throwing herself at you?"

Dean reached out to turn down the music. "I have no idea what you're talking about."

"That doesn't surprise me." She ordered herself to stay calm.

He dropped his hand on the knee revealed by her skirt, squeezing her sun-warmed flesh a little. "Why don't you enlighten me, then?"

"It's not funny, Dean." She pushed his hand away, ignoring the amusement in his deep voice.

"I'm not laughing, Olivia." He raised an eyebrow and returned his attention to the road. "I can't help if you don't tell me what's wrong."

"It's the barbecue. Helen kept putting her arms around you like you were a possession of hers. How many times did she need to whisper in your ear? It was embarrassing." Olivia mentally chided herself for her pettiness. She hated the whining tone in her voice.

"The party was loud." He threw her a look of patience that further put her on edge. "I couldn't hear what she was saying."

"She didn't have to press her entire body against yours, or look over to make sure I noticed. She kept touching you and laughing at every thing you said. You're not that fucking funny, Dean." Olivia flinched inwardly. So much for remaining calm.

He shot her a heated look. "Are you jealous, Liv?" His silver eyes were sharp in their appraisal. "Of her?"

"No." She tugged at the neckline of her pink singlet and shifted in her seat. "I don't know. You just looked like you loved the attention. It made me wonder what's going on between you two."

"It made you--" Dean let out a harsh laugh and shook his head. He stared at the road and drummed his fingertips against the steering wheel. "I thought you were more secure than that."

"I am." Olivia cursed the surge of heat that flooded her cheeks. "I always have been, but this is different. You both looked too intimate." She gazed out the side window and chewed on her lower lip. "I hate feeling this way. I hate that I can't stop."

Silence descended. The seconds ticked by, dragging into uncomfortable minutes. Olivia could barely stand it. Her shoulders stiffened. Her eyes would have welled with tears if she'd allowed herself to let go. She clamped her lips together to avoid speaking again. With the mood she was in now, it would only worsen the situation.

Why couldn't she have just kept her mouth shut in the first place? She stared down at her hands, her vision blurring as her fingers twisted in her lap. With his quick smiles and easy laughter, Dean got plenty of attention from other women. He always had. It had never occurred to Olivia to be bothered by it in the past. She wished she could just push it from her mind now.

Dean began tapping his fingertips against his thigh, rapidly increasing tempo until he stopped altogether. He sighed and tossed her a glance. "You piss me off sometimes." He checked the rear view mirror and flicked the indicator. He steered the car into a rest stop and parked in the first available space.

Olivia's breath caught as the car jerked to an abrupt halt, just stopping shy of hitting the curb. With her eyes wide, she watched as Dean cut the engine, shoved the door open and climbed out in one fluid movement. She gripped the hand rest as he rounded the front of the car. Her heart thundered against her ribs when he yanked the door from her grasp. Olivia shrank back against the seat and stared up at him. "What's going on? What are you doing?"

"Get out."

"No." Her voice trembled. She wondered if he could even hear it above the constant rush of traffic. "What's wrong with you?"

He slid his fingers around her upper arm and tugged. "I can't do what I plan on doing right here."

Olivia scanned the parking lot, noticing a delivery truck and a couple of cars. A pair of elderly women occupied the one and only picnic bench. The determined look in his eyes had a faint twinge of unease settling in her gut. She stepped out beside him. He grabbed her hand and stalked away without giving her a chance to catch her breath, his pace so brisk she had to jog to keep up.

Olivia's sandals slapped against her heels and her skirt tangled about her thighs. "Dean?"

He rubbed circles over her palm with his thumb. "Shut up, Liv."

Shut up? She scraped back the strands of hair blowing across her face. "Where are you taking me?"

He led her away from the picnicking women and the delivery truck, away from the noise of the highway. He took her behind a toilet block where tall trees and blackberry bushes grew rampant. Dean swung her around in a small channel of cleared grass and pressed her back against the wall. Her breath left her in a shaky sigh. Olivia's gaze flittered about, concentrating on anything, everything but Dean.

He slid his hands up her arms, circled her neck with his fingers. He held her face immobile with his thumbs under her chin. Olivia built the courage to look at him. She swallowed hard and fought down the jittery sensation inside her. "You can't -- you can't just fix this with a kiss." She licked her lips.

He caught the quick movement of her tongue. A feral gleam flickered in his eyes. "I know." Dean sank his hand into her hair, gathering the silky weight in a thick bundle. Wrapping the rope of hair around his fist, he tugged until her head tipped back and he'd exposed her neck. Olivia clamped her hands around his forearms, as much for support as a need to try and restrain him.

Dean nibbled at the line of her bare shoulder, licked the smooth curve where collarbone met neck. He scraped his teeth over the sensitive skin of her throat, drawing a heavy breath from her. Her pulse pounded erratically in her ears. Olivia fought the desire racing through her, tried to shut it out. To punish him, it shamed her to admit. She wedged her hands between their bodies and pushed at his chest. "Don't. I'm angry."

"I know." His mobile mouth travelled further, planting small wet kisses along the way, until he nipped at her chin. His chest pushed against hers, crushing her breasts. Olivia closed her eyes. Her lips parted on a sigh as the evidence of his arousal pressed snugly between them.

"Look at me." He released her hair and clasped her flushed cheeks between his palms. His voice had grown husky and dark.

Olivia forced her lids to flutter open, forced her focus to return.

"I don't like seeing this uncertainty in you." Dean flicked his tongue over her lower lip. He shoved his knee between her thighs and leaned in closer, until merely a breath separated them. He lifted his knee higher, rubbing firm strokes back and forth against her pussy. She whimpered with longing. He spoke against her mouth. "Makes me want to fuck it right out of you."

A surge of excitement began in her belly, spreading through her body. Olivia braced herself as his lips claimed hers. Dean's mouth was hot and hard as it gave and took; both punishing and arousing. His tongue thrust inside her mouth, delving and exploring the moist depths. He sank his hand into her hair, tangling his fingers in the strands. His arm slid around her back, holding her tight.

Olivia slipped her hands beneath his shirt, needy fingers seeking out skin. She pressed her tongue to his and heard the growl in his throat. Irritation swiftly faded as need welled inside her.

Dean cupped her breasts in the warmth of his hands, rubbing her nipples with his thumbs. Before Olivia could adjust to each new touch, each fevered caress, he replaced it with another. Her back arched, her bare shoulders pressed into the bricks. She moaned with the pleasure of it all and he swallowed the sound with his mouth.

Dean tore his lips from hers, his chest heaving as he looked her over. He exhaled through his nose. His jaw clenched. Their eyes met and a corner of his mouth quirked in a smile.

"Dean," Olivia spread her hands over his chest, "I'm sorry. I was being unreasonable. Jealous. Suspicious." She linked her fingers around the back of his neck and pulled him closer. She pressed her mouth to his ear and whispered, "Just fuck me and make it all better." Using her teeth on his lower lip, she bit hard, then suckled on the tender spot to soothe him.

A hoarse sound broke from Dean's open mouth. "Oh, I intend to," he said.

A quick fumble of belt buckle, a harsh movement of zipper, and he was ready for her. Dean gripped her thighs and hoisted her up against the wall. Olivia wrapped her long legs around his waist and held her breath. He shoved his hand between their bodies, yanked her panties to one side and plunged inside her.

Olivia gritted her teeth and closed her eyes. She tilted her head back and groaned. He settled his mouth against her throat, nuzzled her warm flesh. Dean thrust hard, his movements jolting her against the wall. Coarse bricks scratched her back. Her thighs clamped around him and her stomach dipped with pleasure. Olivia dug her fingertips into the flexing muscles of his back, overcome with emotion. She should never have doubted him. Why had she doubted him? "Dean, I..."

"Shh, Liv." He lifted his head and pressed a kiss to the tip of her nose. "Stop thinking." He slowed his pumping hips until he was grinding against her. Heated skin meshed with heated skin. His breath warmed her cheek, his heartbeat pounded with hers. He held her weight with one arm and cupped her jaw with his other hand. Dean urged her mouth open with his thumb at her chin, and delved inside. His tongue dipped in and warred with hers, searching, arousing.

Pleasure rushed through her, deep in her belly, radiating outwards in an arc of intensity. Olivia arched her back and strained against him. Her nipples begged for attention, tingling for the touch of his hands or mouth. "Please, I want..." She breathed hotly against his mouth.

As if sensing her need, Dean hooked his fingers in the neckline of her singlet and tugged. He snagged her white lace bra and dragged it down until her bared breasts jutted proudly above the gathered material. He teased and taunted her, rolling her nipple between the roughened pads of his fingertips until she was gasping for each breath. The cooling breeze caressed her naked skin. His mouth roamed over hers.

The desire for release built inside Olivia until she could no longer hold on. She reached beneath their bodies with her outstretched fingers and cupped Dean, stroking him softly.

He broke the connection of their mouths and bucked against her. "You keep doing that, Liv, you'll make me come."

Olivia continued the sensual motions while she nibbled on his stubble covered chin. "That's the idea."

He let out a laughing groan, shifted her weight in his arms and used his free hand to grip the back of her neck. He leaned against her more heavily, his silver eyes watchful and intent. Waiting.

A car horn bleated in the distance. A magpie warbled in the treetops. All the while Dean thrust his cock inside her, holding her, pushing her to the edge. Olivia's mind clouded over, her vision blurred. Desire spiralled out of control in her belly.

She turned her head to the side to draw in air when she heard approaching footsteps. Her eyes widened. Her heart tripped. "Oh, God, Dean. Someone's coming."

"Yeah, that'd be you." He slipped his hand down her belly, dipped his fingers into her heat. His thumb slid over her clit, massaging gently until she closed her eyes and cried out in surprise. Olivia's back bowed and her thighs clenched around him. A flush crept up her neck, blooming in her cheeks. She opened her eyes and saw passion blazing in his. Her lips parted and a low moan slipped free. She clutched him, her fingernails biting into his shoulders as an orgasm ripped through her.

"Fuck, Liv. I love watching you." He joined her then. Let go. A groan tore from his throat. Olivia held on tightly as he grunted and slammed his cock inside her. Over and over. The intensity built until his mouth captured hers and he came hard, shuddering with the effort.

His kisses gentled, until reluctantly he pulled back. Dean let his head rest on her shoulder while he caught his breath. Olivia stroked his jaw with her fingertips, trying hard to calm the racing of her heart. Their slowing breaths and the distant hum of cars were the only sounds.

Dean licked the sensitive spot behind her ear as a tremor worked its way through his body. "I can hardly breathe." He kissed Olivia one final time and helped her to her feet. "You almost killed me."

She laughed, choking on the sound when a burly man rounded the corner and stopped in his tracks. He had a bushy beard and a mountain of hair. His eyes momentarily dropped to Olivia's bared breasts and widened in surprise. Dean moved to shield her body as he tucked himself back into his jeans. When his eyes rose to meet Olivia's, they shined with amusement. She let out a squeak and yanked her singlet back into place.

The man's mouth opened, but no sound came out. He cleared his throat and tried again. "I was driving by while you two were walking away. I thought...I thought you were in trouble the way he dragged you back here." 

Dean intertwined his fingers with Olivia's and turned to face the man. "She's fine. Things just got a bit out of hand."

"I see that." The man stood for a couple of uncomfortable seconds before shrugging his beefy shoulders. "I'll leave you to it, then."

"Thanks." Olivia smiled weakly and gave him a small wave. When he disappeared around the corner, she shoved Dean's chest and fought the laughter that bubbled inside her. "He saw me half naked thanks to you."

"You probably made his day." He led her out from behind the restroom and began walking back to the car. Tall grass slapped Olivia's bare legs and the sounds of traffic drifted on the wind. Dean looked down at her and grinned. "You definitely made mine."

"Yeah." Olivia sighed with contentment and squeezed his hand. "You made mine, too."

"We'll see." Dean unlocked the car and pulled the passenger door open for her. "I've got an important question to ask you over dinner."