 Chris was looking forward to the night ahead of him. If there was one holiday he loved as much as Christmas, it was Halloween. Memories of being a kid collecting candy had always been a source of nostalgia. Now in his early 20s, Halloween meant parties. The candy had taken a different form now that he was older; from chocolate bars to some shots and women dressed in the most seductive costumes designed by man.

Chris chuckled at this thought. The costumes that these women wore were most definitely the work of men. From skimpy school girl costumes to the skin tight Playboy bunny costumes, Chris love it all. 

Recently, Chris ended a two year relationship with his girlfriend, Gena, who had been cheating on him almost since they started dating. Why she had stayed with him at all was beyond him, but Chris was more amazed that she had managed to keep it secret for so long. Tonight was the first real party night without Gena and the leash she had kept him on.

For while she was completely unfaithful, she was constantly making sure that he wasn't. She would get jealous if he even glanced at another pretty woman let alone talked to one. It had often irked Chris that she freely talked to the many guys that came up to her after checking her out across the room. Again, Chris wondered how it had taken him so long to realize the extent of her UNfaithfulness.

Chris checked himself out in the mirror. This Halloween he decided to "branch" out a little bit. Maybe it was a little simple, but the plaid shit and the ripped jeans was the easy path to calling yourself a lumberjack. The costume may have been simple but he donned it in such a way as to show off his athletic build. Two years of weightlifting and hockey counted for something.

Chris called his friend, Ashley, and she said told him she was ready. He got in his car and drove to her house to pick her up. Chris knew well how to get her house, he practically spent more time there than his own house. They had been friends since they were little and stayed friends all through puberty and high school. Through this time Chris watched Ashley turn into one of the most sexy women he had ever known although he knew that he could never act on it. A friendship that had existed as long as theirs was too precious to chance with a sexual relationship, at least that's what he kept telling himself whenever dirty thoughts crept into his head. These thoughts, however, inevitably lead to constant flirting. That fact that she flirted back never helped his sensual thoughts recede either.

Chris pulled up to her house and walked up to her door. Before he even knocked the door flew open and she stood there. Everyday Chris thought that Ashley was a goddess but today she looked the part. A lace skirt showed off her tanned beautifully toned legs that went up into the heavens. She wore a matching top, skin-tight, that beautifully displayed her size C breasts, with just the right amount of sensual cleavage. He scanned up her body, over her slender shoulders, up to her face that Chris swore (even to her when they flirted) must stop traffic. Around her piercing blue eyes she had sprinkled a little glitter which gave her a magical appearance. Her beautiful dirty blonde hair was tied up in a small bun with stray strands coming down in random places. 

Chris paused, lost for words. Finally, he managed, "Wow...you look, damn."

Ashley blushed, looking at her feet, and then stared directly into Chris' dark green eyes. "Thanks," she said, "And you always look amazing."

Chris felt himself blushing too. He turned away trying to hide the red tinge in his cheeks and led her to the car. He had a feeling she had noticed anyway. Chris opened her door for her and stepped around to let himself in. When he got to his side of the car he noticed she hadn't gotten in yet. She was watching him.

"You know, you keep being such a perfect guy and I'm going to think we're on a date tonight," she said.

Chris laughed, "Yea, but I forgot the roses."

"And the chocolates," she winked at him and got in the car.

He followed in after her and as she sat down he couldn't help but notice that her skirt pulled up quite a bit. He quickly glanced up her legs and the started the car. Again, he couldn't help the feeling she had noticed.

Their ride to the party continued in more conversation, but less flirtatious than how it had started. As Chris was checking his passenger side mirror he thought he had caught her watching him. Chris just wrote it off to hopeful thinking.

When they got to the party the first thing Chris noticed was the white convertible parked across the street. He would never forget it, it was Gena's car. He first had sex with Gena in that car, a long night of passion. Chris had never been with a girl who gave better head with Gena. A smile played across Chris' lips now as he imagined that night and what it would be like to go down on Ashley in that car as he had done to Gena twice that night.

Chris looked over at Ashley, still smiling, he was already starting to wonder where the night would end for the two of them.

"What is it?" Ashley asked.

Chris seized the opportunity, "Still just amazed at how amazing you look tonight."

***

After about half and hour of small talk, Chris ran into Gena. He was not happy about it. 

"Oh hey Chris!" She said, "You're looking damn sexy!"

"Forget it Gena, no amount of alcohol could help me find my way into a bed with you tonight." He responded.

"Mmmmm," she said, brushing her hand against his crotch, "Sounds like a personal challenge. I guess you're hoping to get with Ashley tonight huh? You always did have a little thing for her, even when we were going out. I was always surprised you never acted on those feelings."

"Yea, imagine that, some of us have morals and DON'T cheat in relationships."

"Well aren't you a lucky boy tonight then? No relationship, and Ashley just waiting for you to make a move on her. Unless of course, you'd still like to meet me in a room upstairs. I'm always looking for a man with a good strong tongue."

Chris just glared at her and walked away to find Ashley. He found her outside talking with two guys. A pang of jealously shot through him. He was about to walk back into the house when the two guys broke into an argument. Looking back, he realized they were arguing about her.

"Get out of here man, she prefers my cock," said idiot number 1.

"Excuse me but..." Ashley tried to interject, but she was cut off.

"Get over yourself man, not even a whore would allow you to pay her for sex," shot back idiot number 2.

All of a sudden idiot number 1 grabbed Ashley roughly by the arm. "Come on baby, let's go show this bitch how sex is done."

Chris was furious, he ran forward and punched the first guy right in the face. He let go of Ashley's arm and fell to the ground. Idiot number 2 started laughing as the guy rolled in pain on the ground.

"Shut up asshole," Chris said to number 2, "This is my friend and she doesn't want to sleep with either of you. Go find some slut to prey on and leave her alone. Unless you like the look of his eye so much you'd like a matching one."

Number 2 glared at him for a second as if welcoming a fight, then changed his mind, "Ah fuck all of you, she's too much of a whore to be worth it anyway." He was down on the ground before he knew what hit him.

"Let's go Ashley, this party is shit," Said Chris, still full of rage.

"Gladly," She said, taking little care stepping over the two guys on the ground, hurting them even more.

Back in the car they drove in silence all the way back to Ashley's house. When they arrived he turned off the car in the driveway and neither of them moved.

"Sorry," Chris finally said, didn't mean for it to go quite like that.

He looked over at Ashley and she was looking back into his eyes. She gently placed a hand on his knee and quickly brought her mouth over to meet his. Chris didn't know how long they should remain locked like this, but he knew he didn't care. As he slipped into the moment, he slipped his tongue inside her mouth. He gently ran his tongue over her tongue and she returned the favor. After some time, they broke apart.

"Wow," he managed, "But, uh, you're not just doing this cause I punched out those guys are you?"

"Partly I guess," she responded, "But I also overheard you talking to Gena just before I went outside and those guys converged on me. Have you really always had feeling for me?"

Chris figured he had nothing to lose now, "Yes." He tried to manage a smile.

Ashley gave one of her biggest smiles of the night and leaned over and kissed him again. Soon enough her hand found her way under his shirt and was running over his fairly well developed abs. Her hand hesitated a second at the top of his pants and then dove inside. He was already as hard as a rock and unbuttoned his pants to give her more access. She accepted the invitation and started stroking his shaft up and down. Every so often she would pause at the head and run her fingers across it. 

Chris was amazed that all this time they still hadn't broken their kiss. As soon as the thought entered his mind she broke off and dropped her head. He knew she was nervous but she never slowed down. He just lay his head back and enjoyed it.

Her tongue reached his penis first, wrapping around his head as the rest of the mouth came down on it. She took about eighty percent of it in her mouth before coming back up again. Her tongue played a bit more with the head before heading back down. This time she managed all of it and stayed there for a moment working her tongue like a pro. 

Chris knew she was moving slowing just to mess with his head, and it was working. A moan escaped him, "Ohh fuck Ashley, that feels amazing." Apparently she took this as a sign and started increasing speed. 

Soon she was working up and down with her mouth quite violently, her tongue still lashing out and getting considerably louder moans each time. Chris soon felt her hand on his balls and knew it wouldn't be long.

"Oh shit, here I come....ohhh shit," Chris moaned.

Ashley backed off and used her warm saliva as a lube to give his a vigorous hand job. This was too much for Chris and he reached his peak. Ashley was ready though and brought her mouth down just in time to collect it all. She cleaned him up with her tongue causing his orgasm to be all the better. Then she swallowed and smiled.

Chris sat back for a moment collecting himself. Then turned around and looked into his backseat.

"We definitely have enough room," he said, "Let's give you a turn."

Without getting out of the car they both scrambled to the back seat. Chris didn't bother to put his pants back on knowing they would come off again anyway. He was happy he had decided to buy an SUV with such a large trunk.

He embraced her, feeling her warm body against his and laid her down gently. It wasn't probably the most comfortable area, but that was the furthest thing from his mind. He straddled her and she came up to kiss him. He held her back for a second and pulled the lacy top over her head. As they embraced for their most passionate kiss yet, he fumbled with her bra strap and then threw the bra aside. He slowly leaned her back down and just took in the beautiful sight before his eyes. Her breasts were perfectly rounded and her nipples were hard as rocks.

"You look silly with your shirt still on," she said in his moment of silence. "I felt a great body under there, show it off."

He didn't need telling twice. Staring at her body he had simply forgotten his shirt was still on. He tore is off fast and went down to kiss her. He stayed only momentarily with her mouth before kissing his way down her neck. He was so entranced by her that every part of him was screaming out for her. Every single part of her was beautiful.

As he made his way down her neck, his hands started playing with her nipples. He caressed them slowly, making circles around them. He then added a slight more bit of force using the bottom of his palms to massage her entire breast. Soon enough his mouth was there. He took great care in taking his time moving down her body. He flipped her hard nipples with his tongue and with his hands on her beautifully flat stomach he felt her back raise slightly. 

As his tongue continued to play with her wonderfully sensitive nipples, his hands moved lower. He eased the skirt away from her body and ran his hands down as far as they would go. On the way back up he gently brushed against the other lips of her already wet cunt. This brought a considerable moan to her lips and her back arched again.

Chris' mouth then moved off her breasts and made his way down her body. Her stomach was flat and smooth and as he neared the bottom he slowed down, increasing her anticipation. He kissed lower ending right above her clit. He made a motion to movie down to it and then moved off to the side. She let own a low, longing, moan and he felt her get more wet. He kissed partly down one leg then came back up and went down the other. Just when he felt she might get impatient, his hands started rubbing up and down her lips, slowly opening them. Her relief alone nearly made her cum all over his hands, but he knew he still had more work to do and looked forward to it.

As he came back to her cunt her lips were fully spread revealing one of the most beautiful vaginas he had ever seen. His fingers moved to the outside of her opening, massaging all around it, as his mouth moved up to her clit. He started working his tongue over the top of it, slow at first but picking up speed as he went along. He moved his tongue in random flicks and circles before pulling out a trick he had learned a few years ago. 

He rolled his tongue and slipped her clit inside. As he started to move his rolled tongue back and forth along her clit she let out progressively louder moans. He paused for just a second increasing her wondering and anticipation before plunging a finger deep inside her. This was too much for her and she came all over his finger. He didn't slow down though, he slipped another finger inside and pumped like crazy. He quickly lowered his mouth again and went back to work on her clit. Her second wave came very quickly and her moans of pleasure were louder than ever. He was sure they were going to wake somebody up inside. 

Her ecstasy caused her to jump up and start moving her tongue around inside his mouth like crazy. She moved her soft hand down his abs again and found his penis was harder than ever and ready for more. She pulled back and gazed into his eyes.

In a quick gasp of breath she said, "Get that thing inside me quick, I need you right now."

Chris didn't waste any time, he positioned himself just right and eased the head of his penis to the opening of vagina. He paused and smiled.

"Oh God...what are you waitin..." she started. He cut her sentence shorted and plunged deep inside her. The rest of her sentence was turned into scream of pleasure and she bit softly into his shoulder to contain herself.

He quickly pulled out and went back in a bit slower than when he started. As he went back in he felt her muscles tightening around his penis, increasing the already amazing sensation. "Oh Chris, don't slow down...hard...fast..." she gasped out.

"Oh fuck Ashley," was the only response that Chris could find.

He went faster, harder, and deeper with each thrust. The second he showed any signs of slowing down Ashley called out, "Get on your back!"

They flipped positions and she continued his movement. He grabbed her tight ass and led her in harder and harder. They were both reaching climax for the second time that night but Chris wanted to make sure that she went first. He reached his hand between them and positioned it to massage her clit using her thrusts. 

Ashley let out a long, low moan and a second later he felt her explode. Chris couldn't take it anymore and he released himself inside of her. They both slowed to a stop and just stayed in that position for a second before she pulled out and gave him another deep passionate kiss that he returned with vigor. She just fucked him like he had never known and he wanted to let her know through his kiss.

When she collapsed next to him she gave another beautiful smile and said, "That was amazing. You were amazing."

"We were amazing," he said. "That was absolutely incredible."

They found their clothes scattered around the car and got dressed. They climbed back into the front seat and both sat down with a very content sigh. 

She started to get out, but turned back, "You know, I've always had feeling for you too." He laughed, "Yea, I somehow gathered that," he said, looking behind him.

"You know my parents are away this weekend..." she let that hang in the air.

Chris smiled, "Perhaps a romantic dinner Friday night?"

"I'd love to. My house, 8 p.m.?"

"Can't wait."