 Jennifer disappeared for a week refusing to answer either of our text messages or phone calls. Hal was pretty quiet and it was obvious he was reflecting on his decisions. I was upset at the thought that the writing was on the wall in both my relationship with Hal as well as with Jennifer. Can you really bring your friendship back after something like this? I knew I was not willing to come between Hal and Jennifer as they only had each other. 

Hal sat quietly behind the counter as I walked in. The gas station was quiet so I took the opportunity to slide up behind him and give him a hug; holding him tight I kissed him gently between his shoulder blades, "We should probably talk."

The conversation was somber as we finally agreed that it was time for me to head out on my own. It was the only real choice we had and he offered to help me find a place and get settled. I had moved back in to my room after the Jennifer incident and it was evident the relationship component of our relationship had come to an end. At night I would lay in bed aching for his touch and forcing myself not to run down the hall and climb in his bed.

After the second week of messages from Hal, Jennifer finally called him back. I listened from the top of the stairs as he apologized for his behavior and that it just sort of happened and was not planned. There was a lot of silence when I assume Jennifer shared her mind with him. My heart sunk when he said it was over and that I would be moving out as soon as I found a place.

When the time came we loaded my belongings up and went to my new home. My new home was a one bedroom apartment on the ninth floor overlooking the roof of a shopping mall across the street. The only piece of furniture in the house was the bed that Hal let me take. Before leaving Hal turned and kissed me holding my face in his hands. 

His sad eyes stared deeply in to mine, "I will make some calls to get you some furniture."

"You know you don't have to do that." I lowered my eyes.

After a kiss on the forehead I was alone with the echo of my steps in the apartment. A few hours later there was a knock on my door catching me by surprise. I quickly opened the door to see Hal standing there.

"Use the peep hole!" He scorned. "I don't want anyone busting in here taking advantage of my girl!"

I stared disbelieving with a stupid smile on my face, "Your girl?"

Hal stepped in and pulled my face to his kissing me deeply. I threw my arms and legs around him as he lifted me off the ground and carried me to my only piece of furniture. I stared up at him as he hovered his lips over mine and smiled. Without hesitation I hooked my thumbs on the band of my shorts and began to pull them down. 

Grabbing my shorts, Hal flipped me on my stomach pulling them down to the back of my knees leaving me with my ass in the air. I'm still not sure when he undid his pants but a moment later his hard cock was pushing at my opening. With his arm around me his hand found my breast and massaged it as he worked himself in to me.

He plunged aggressively in to me like a wild animal and his hand squeezed my breast hard. I did my best to look over my shoulder at him. His face was turned to the ceiling with his eyes closed in ecstasy. His lower lip clenched between his teeth as he rammed himself in me. He had never taken me like this and I needed him as much as he needed me.

Releasing my breast, Hal grabbed my hips and began to pound me faster; pulling my hips back on his cock as if he was trying to hit my tonsils. His breathing was heavy as he fucked me like a sex doll. His intensity was intoxicating. 

Turning my head to him I licked my lips, "You gonna give me my reward?"

Hal responded by pushing me prone and burying his cock in me; his big hand resting between my shoulder blades as I lay flat on the bed. Hal worked his cock at a steady rhythm muttering under his breath the entire time. I was euphoric just having him in my bed again. Reality reared its head abruptly when Hal pushed himself as deep as he could and unloaded his balls in me before collapsing on top of me.

"Oh fuck I needed that." His hot breath panted the words in my ear.

I lay stunned and confused, "Oh baby, you shouldn't have done that."

"I love you Laura, no matter what." He kissed the side of my face, "I will look after you so don't worry."

As I made my way to the bathroom I used my shirt to stop his seed from dripping on the floor. After a crude clean up with my limited supplies I returned to the bedroom to see Hal getting dressed.

"You're leaving?" I pouted.

"We're leaving. Get dressed." Hal gestured towards my open suitcase.

It was almost 11 pm when we returned to the apartment after multiple trips to the car to unload the purchases he had made. I now had the basic necessities of an apartment. Hal took me shopping to buy all the necessities like pots, cutlery, towels etc. Once I was settled in we stood kissing in the empty living area before he made his way home promising he would see me tomorrow.

The harsh morning light assaulted me through the bare window. I pulled a towel out of one of the bags and jumped in the shower. As I washed myself I realized that my monthly visitor had come relieving my mind of any potential pregnancy. Once dried off, I took the opportunity to put the bathroom items away; it looked like a real bathroom with floor mats, towels and all the personal hygiene items appropriately stowed.

I was barely dressed when the buzzer went off causing me to race naked across the apartment in hopes that Hal had arrived. "Delivery!" The male voice was not familiar but I hit the button to let him in and raced to my room to get dressed.

I stood waiting for an eternity but nobody came to the door. I texted Hal and he indicated he had furniture being delivered today. Relieved, I opened the door and stared towards the elevator where two men struggled to get a sofa out of the elevator.

I was in shock when the delivery guys left. Hal had bought everything imaginable for my apartment; a couch, end tables, kitchen table and even new bedroom set with a new bed. I was speechless as I searched wildly for my phone.

"Hal! You shouldn't have..." I gasped in the phone still disbelieving.

"Laura?" Hal interrupted me

"Yeah?" 

"I love you and I will be over after I close the station tonight." He hung up the phone.

He loves me! The words echoed in my mind over and over. I couldn't wait to see him. Time went surprisingly fast as I worked to put things away and adjust the location of all my furniture. After countless trips to the trash chute I walked in to my home for the first time. I wandered from room to room disbelievingly as I took in the generosity Hal had bestowed on me.

A trip to the store was required before he arrived. I picked up groceries so I could offer him something when he arrived. The spaghetti dinner I had decided on was almost done and Hal would be here any moment. I turned the heat down and headed to the bedroom to get dressed.

Carefully pulling my new black stocking up I trimmed them flat where they stopped mid-thigh before pulling my beaded cream colored deep vee neck dress over my head. The hem ended just below the top of my stockings and the vee plunged below the bottom of my bare breasts. I barely had the heels on my feet when I heard the front door open. I raced out to greet him.

"This place looks gre..." His words were cut short as I pressed my lips against his.

"I made us dinner." My arms draped over his neck as I watched his focus turn to my outfit.

Hal smiled, "I didn't realize it was formal night."

"I just wanted to look good for you." I smiled.

Hal smiled and traced my sides with his hands, "Success."

Grabbing his hand I guided him to the table and had him sit while I poured wine and finished off the pasta and garlic bread. We sat beside one another eating. Hal's hand barely left my thigh as we silently enjoyed each other's company.

After dinner we climbed on the couch and put a DVD on for background noise mostly. We kissed and Hal slowly touched me with a delicate touch that caused goose flesh over my body. I fed him my neck which he devoured hungrily while he pawed my breast through the fabric of my dress.

Grabbing my leg he pulled it over him so I was straddling his thighs. His hands slid my dress up to my waist before grabbing and massaging my exposes ass cheeks. Our tongues fought violently as we both gasped for air while we kissed. Hal slowly unzipped my dress sliding it off my shoulders revealing my bare breasts.

Pushing me on to my back he climbed between my legs and began to lick my breasts. His hand slowly moved to my mound and I placed my hand on it. 

"We can't." I frowned, "I got my visitor today."

Hal didn't speak he just returned to kissing and sucking my breasts momentarily before standing and pulling me to my feet, "Let's go try that new bed out."

Hal grabbed a bag from his coat as we walked to the bedroom, "Get on your hands and knees. I want to see that pretty little ass of yours."

Slowly he slid the dress up over my ass and began kissing it. When he pulled my panties down I was embarrassed and disappointed that I couldn't give him what he wanted. It didn't take long for me to realize that the time had come for me to give the rest of myself to him. Over my shoulder I watched Hal pull a bottle of lube from the bag he had grabbed earlier.

I bit my lip as I watched his face close in on my ass. When his tongue pressed against my ass I gasped loudly clawing at the duvet. 

"Still gonna give me this little ass?" Hal flicked his tongue over my rosebud making my hips buck.

I nodded, "Yes. I'm yours please just be gentle."

"I would never hurt you beautiful." His big hands caressed my ass gently, "We will go nice and slow."

Hal was true to his word and sensually worked two well lubed fingers in and out of me. Pulling his fingers from me he removed his pants and sat up against the headboard motioning for me with his rigid cock. 

"I thought you would never ask." I licked my lips and moved my face to his cock. 

Hal guided my ass so he could reach it and slowly fucked my ass with his fingers while I sucked his delicious manhood deep in to my mouth. Once his fingers could move smoothly in and out of me I could feel him spreading his fingers stretching me more. His other hand rested in my hair guiding my face up and down his cock.

"I'm going to shoot a huge load in that tight little ass tonight little girl." His fist clenched in my hair. "Let's see if we can get three fingers in that tight little ass first."

I moaned my agreement as I flicked my tongue up and down his shaft making his cock flex. 

When Hal began to push a third finger in I screamed out and collapsed on his lap pressing my breasts against his cock. Hal kept his fingers in me and slowly worked my back door. 

"Just relax little girl, you can take it." Hal slowly worked and stretched my ass some more. 

I gasped loudly every time he pushed his fingers deeper or spread my ass open; his cock pulsed against my breasts each time I moaned or gasped. He was enjoying himself. "I think you are almost ready little girl." Hal pulled his fingers from me and stood beside the bed, "Lay on your back, I want to kiss you while we do this."

Hal climbed up between my legs and I wrapped them around his hips. With one hand he grasped my neck pressing his mouth to mine. His other hand guided his cock across my clit and down lips stopping at my ass. 

Our eyes locked while our lips danced gently against one another. Slowly Hal pressed his cock at my opening pausing when his swollen head was in me, "You okay?"

I gasped in his mouth never taking my eyes off him, "I love you Hal." With my legs I pulled his hips gently guiding his cock deeper in me. His cock felt warm in me and it didn't hurt nearly as much as I thought it would.

Inch by inch he worked himself deeper in to me all the time kissing me tenderly.

"You are so fucking tight! I can't believe I'm fucking your hot little ass." Hal lifted my legs and pushed the remainder of his cock deep in to me causing me to yip with every thrust of his cock. "I'm gonna explode! Are you ready for my cum baby?" His voice was haggard.

"Give it to me. Shoot all that cum in me." I held his face in my hands holding his lips to mine. His lips quivered and he lost all control of his mouth as he cussed and moaned as his orgasm neared. When he thrust himself hard in me I screamed out loud enough for the entire building to hear. 

Hal joined in moaning a loud "FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!" as his balls unloaded their contents deep in my ass. His face contorted wildly as his cock pulsed its treasures deep in me. I squeezed my legs around his hips and held him there as our tongues gently probed each other's mouth.

A few moments later Hal rolled off me and we lay beside each other with pounding hearts and heavy breathing. "Laura that was so fucking amazing." He lifted my hand to his lips and kissed it gently. Curling in to him I vaguely recall putting my head on his shoulder before slipping off to sleep in his arms.

Startled awake in the darkness I opened my eyes to Hal kissing me gently, "I have to head home love."

Holding his face in my hands I kissed him, "I'll see you tomorrow at the station."

"I love you Laura." His lips dusted against mine as the words whispered to my ears.

I kissed him tightly, "I love you too."