 Emily spent her weekend in an agitated state. She could hardly wait to get in the office and see where this "thing" with her boss is going. She wasn't even sure what this thing was between them she just knew for a fact that she loved the taste of him in her mouth and she wanted it again.

She dressed carefully for the occasion, having to find a right combination between sexy and formal was always tricky. She took her favourite black pencil skirt, a white blouse and a black blazer over it, her black pumps did final touch as did the red lipstick she carefully put on her mouth.

When she arrived to the office her boss was already there, locked away in his office. She could hear his deep voice arguing with a client over the phone. Her stomach churned. She was nervous, excited, agitated and horny at the same time.

She went about her daily routine not wanting to draw attention to herself. She knew if he wanted to see her he will let her know.

A few hours passed and Chris finally left his office. He was pissed beyond reason, nothing was going as planned today and he needed a break. His secretary was bent over the cabinet desk going through the files he needed for his afternoon meetings. He noticed right away the slight change in her clothing, the heels, tight skirt that hugged her bottom so delightfully, and when she finally turned around he saw her red mouth. Damn, she was looking so inviting with that colour on her lush lips. He could feel his cock twitching in his pants.

"Miss Clarke, I need you in my office as soon as you finish with those files" - She just nodded with a blush in her cheeks and continued to do her job. After a few minutes she composed herself, ran a hand to smoothen her skirt and knocked on his door.

"Come in." - He barked at her

As soon as she closed the door behind her, her feet almost gave her up when he immediately commanded "Lock the door."

When the key clicked she took a deep breath and turned around slowly facing him. She couldn't meet his eyes, so she kept staring at the edge of his desk. She noticed from the corner of her eye that he stood up and her breath got caught in her throat.

He reached her, circled her around, building the tension before whispering seductively in her ear: "Its playtime Emily."- Her body shivered at the sound of his voice, so close and warm to her earlobe.

He patted her ass, and did another circle before stopping behind her back.

"Now, be a good girl and lift your skirt...Do it slowly. I want to enjoy the view."

Her hands went very slow to the rim of her skirt, gently raising it up until it reached her waist.

"Mm mm...very nice. Now take off your panties, and place them in my hand."

She carefully took them down and stepped out of them, before folding them neatly and placing them in his open palm. He took them and inhaled her scent.

"You smell nice my dear. I am going to keep this as a souvenir. Now, go to the desk, place your hands on the table, palms down, spread your legs and put your ass on display for me."

She did as he asked all the while thinking to herself why she is doing this with no objections whatsoever. She just had an intense desire to listen to him, to please him. She wanted anything he was willing to give to her. He moved slowly behind her, his hands patting her ass, trailing a finger between her asshole all the way to her pussy. She was soaking and he knew it. He took a deep breath and purposely put a finger inside of her so that the room echoed with the sound of her squelching pussy. She gasped, and he used his other hand to slap her, leaving her ass red the way he liked it.

"Quiet. No sound comes from that pretty mouth of yours until I want it. Understood?"

She was opening her mouth to say something and then abruptly closed it and just nodded her head.

"Good girl, learning so fast. Let's test you a bit more, shall we?" - He asked and when he was certain she won't react he started spanking her, one, two, three, and then he would stroke her pussy, and again. She couldn't understand why it was turning her on so much - being on display, not actually doing anything sexual besides the spanking and him stroking her pussy. Juices were flowing from her pussy to her legs, he took some of it on his fingers and offered them to her mouth, and she knew what to do. She licked it clean from him, sucking on his fingers like she would on his cock. She heard his zipper going down and her body shook in anticipation. He placed his hard cock between her buttocks and toyed with her. He slapped her ass a bit more, while rubbing himself on her. She was going crazy, she wanted to shout and whimper and beg him to fuck her. He knew what he was doing to her, but he didn't stop, he wanted to push her. Her knuckles were white from gripping the table and trying to stop herself from screaming. He noticed.

"You've been very patient haven't you Emily. You can speak now."

"Pleaseeee sir, pleeeaseeee...I can't take it anymore. Please."

"Please what slut? You want my cock inside of you?"

"Yes sir. I am begging you."

He smiled at the plea in her voice. He knew he had her. She was his. He pushed inside of her in one single swift motion, burying himself inside of her warm pussy. He loved the way she grabbed his cock.

"Scream for me Emily. I want to hear you moan" - And so she did, every thrust made her elicit a moan, she loved the feel of him inside of her. Big and hard, so hard he filled her up completely. He was fucking her like he owned her, his cock searing himself inside of her, leaving his mark. She couldn't take it anymore, she screamed while shaking with an orgasm so intense he had to keep her from falling. She was still in a blissful state while he kept ramming at her. He pulled out of her abruptly.

"On your knees! NOW! Open your mouth!" - he commanded. As soon as she did, he pushed his cock inside of her, and grabbed her head, and started fucking her again.

"Take it all...but DO NOT swallow." - He stated pumping even more vigorously and she was on the verge of pulling him out, she was gagging on him when she felt him squirt and manage to keep it all in her mouth.

"Show me your tongue...mmm...good girl. Now swallow it bit by bit. I want to watch you enjoy it." - He patted her head when she finished.

When she readjusted her clothes and was ready to return to her desk, she heard him cough behind her. She turned around and saw a sparkle in his eyes. He was up to something.

"Emily, you came without my approval. I will think about your punishment by tomorrow. Go and finish your job for today."

She shivered. She couldn't wait.