 The limo door closed with a thump. Carrie felt herself pressed back in her seat as the car sped off, leaving her husband at home. His last-minute stomach bug meant she was going to this special dinner party alone. Then, the limo driver had called and said he needed to pick her up early, which threw her schedule totally off. But she was here now, off to the dinner party, resigned to have a good time no matter what.

She hadn't been paying attention but the limo was not going the right way. The car pulled into a deserted tree-lined parking area and pulled around, engine idling softly. She could not see much through the dark glass forward or outside in the darkness, but she heard the drivers door open, then the rear door. She hadn't even had time to become alarmed, as he slid into the back seat, tossing the drivers cap and a fake beard onto the seat beside her. It was her lover, James.

James smiled. "Surprise, baby." and slid into the seat next to her. She laughed and fell into him, their arms wrapping around each other and lips meeting for a long kiss.

"I didn't even recognize you!" she laughed. The 

large fake beard had his smaller beard and most of his face. 

"You look beautiful." he whispered, kissing her perfumed neck. "You smell wonderful."

"Hmmm." Carrie moaned, as his lips and tongue found spots she knew he had found before.

They kissed and caressed each other until James sat up and said, "We have too much clothing on, and I don't think we should wrinkle that beautiful dress."

"Help me." she said, turning and offering him the zipper in the back. He slid it down slowly, then helped her step out. She had dressed provocatively that evening, lace-topped black thigh-high panty hose and matching panties and bra. She leaned back, letting James feast his eyes as he laid the dress carefully on the long bench across from them. He moved between her legs, kissing her body, and she leaned her head back and reclined as James ran his hands along the silky hose covering her legs while his lips kissed her breasts through the thin material. 

His fingers moved up, releasing the clasp in front and allowing her breasts to be freed for his lips and tongue to dance over and suck and taste. Carrie felt herself becoming warm and wet as he continued to kiss and lick his way around her body, as his hands began to stray to her thighs and panty-covered mound. His fingers knew some of her favorite spots, and they glided over the panties looking for them now. Carrie's legs involuntarily moved farther apart, giving him better access to her wetness. 

Then his lips were there, kissing through the thin material, his hot breath and tongue arousing her even more. Then he was urging her hips up, sliding the panties down, but leaving the stockings and shoes. His head buried in her thighs, kissing and licking until finding her clit, making her jump. He began to suck on it slowly, and her moans escaped her as she ran her hands through his hair. 

She had just had her crescendo of pleasure when he moved back, slid his black slacks from his hips and pulled his shirt clear of his body. He smiled and told her, "I've been waiting for so long for this..." 

"Me too." she sighed as he pulled her off the bench seat onto a large comforter he had unfolded on the expansive floor of the limo. He laid down and helped her climb on top of him, slowly sliding onto his rigid member. They both expelled moans as they joined and kissed. They moved slowly at first, grinding and rotating to find each other's pleasure spots. 

Then Carrie's movements became more rhythmic, harder and faster until she gasped, "I'm going to..." and his hands reached up and touched her nipples as she came.

He pulled her down, feeling her chest thump from the pounding of her heart as she rested from the action. He used the time to whisper some other ideas of what they should do, his hard cock still in her and rubbing slowly inside her, until she was ready to go again.

They tried several positions in the car until he couldn't hold off any longer. He flipped her over onto all fours, her elbows resting on the padded seat. He entered her from behind, his wrapped cock sliding in and giving her ripples of pleasure as he began to thrust into her from behind, his body molded to her back, grinding together in a dance of passion and lust.

He griped her tight as he said, "I'm going to come..." 

She said "Yesssss..." and they both came together, collapsing on the floor, panting and cuddling. 

They lay together for a while, until James touched her face. "You need to get to the party." Carrie groaned, not wanting to end the fun, but knowing she had to show up at the event. He helped her dress, then went forward to drive as Carrie used the large vanity mirror to touch up her makeup and hair. 

She was re-assembled as James pulled the limo to the front door of the house and opened her door. 

"Have a good evening madam." James said, tipping his cap and smiling secretly to her. 

"You earned yourself a big tip, driver." she said, smiling back.

Her friend greeted her at the door, "Carrie! You look radiant!"

Carrie smiled. "I feel ... radiant." She said, hoping her friend couldn't tell she had just been thoroughly fucked.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

After the party, Carrie strolled out, waving to her best friend over her shoulder. 

She scanned the limos and saw James step out of a

driver's door. He tipped his hat and opened a door for her.

She took his hand and stepped into the car, being sure to let him see the lace at the top of her stockings. His smile warmed her. 

As she set a takeout container into the iced area, she noticed the cd of her favorite songs that he'd put into the stereo system.

She'd deliberately not had too much to eat or drink because she knew that he'd be coming to pick her up at the end of the party. She smiled when she saw the glasses and the bottle of sparkling wine, which had been opened for her. She couldn't resist pouring herself a half glass, but saved the rest to share with him later. 

There was a large bouquet on the seat opposite her. A wicked thought sprang to mind as she sipped her wine.

When he parked the car and opened the back door, he found her reclining in the seat, wearing only items from Victoria's Secret. She had taken rose petals and sprinkled them all over her body, and on the blanket on the floor. One rose was between her teeth. She burst into laughter after only a second, tossed the rose aside, saying "isn't that cheesy? ha" 

She tugged him into her arms, and they wrestled down onto the floor. 

The moon roof was open, and the stars were out. 

She pulled at his clothing as they kissed and laughed. She climbed on top of him, deliberately dangling her breasts in front of his face while she unbuttoned his shirt. His hands were stroking her backside, playing with the silk and the gaps between her stockings and panties. 

Silk, skin, silk, skin. 

She reached to the side and brought her hand to his lips, feeding him bites of chocolate covered

strawberry. Her lips were moving over his face, as she whispered to him. 

"I want more of you. I didn't get enough before. I could hardly wait to get back to you and get your hands on me again."

By now she'd moved on to his belt, and he helped her to open his pants. She kissed him once again on the lips, and then worked her way down his chest until her lips and tongue found their target. He stroked her hair and whispered to her, telling her what felt good and what he wanted more of. 

Eventually he pulled her up into his arms and rolled over on top of her. He eased her legs up, caressing the lace, pressing his body into hers, feeling how wet she was as he entered her. Her arms pulled him closer and her legs locked around his waist as they ground against one another, stroking and kissing each other. 

Her breathing was ragged as he whispered in her ear "...like this?" She gasped for breath and nodded, pulling his mouth back to hers, her hand on the back of his neck. 

With no one around to hear, she was free to scream in ecstasy as he gave her yet another orgasm that night. She whispered his name into his ear over and over as she trembled underneath him. 

At long last she stroked his face, and whispered that it was time for her to return to her other life. 

"...but I love you baby... thank you for helping me find this part of me again. I thought it was long gone."

~for MY James.....