 She and Charlie were going to meet up for coffee on Saturday morning and spend part of the day the day together before he went to his poker tournament. She had been out of town on business for a few days and had told him that before they really started their day she needed to stop and check on a few of her jobsites. She was a project manager for a construction company; which mean that everything that happened and didn't happen at the job sites was her responsibility. She wouldn't be able to relax and enjoy herself until she'd made sure that there were no crisis' she needed to attend to.

Always being the perfect gentleman, Charlie offered to meet her early for coffee and make her rounds with her. They met up at Starbucks and grabbed their coffee to go. They laughed and joked as they made their way around the first few job sites. 

He was enjoying the view down her blouse when she would bend over here and there checking out various electrical or mechanical connections. He especially enjoyed the view at the last job site, where she went up the ladder in a skirt and heels to check out some work done up in the soffits. This project was still on schedule, so she didn't have any of her guys working the weekend and hadn't given her attire a second thought. 

For that Charlie was grateful. When he looked up her skirt as she climbed the ladder and was gifted with an amazing view of her bare ass and bald pussy. He grinned to himself as he felt his cock stir. He already wanted her; he could tell she wanted him too by the wetness glistening on the swollen lips of her pussy. 

As she started climbing back down the ladder, he placed his hand on her calf and let it slide up her leg to her to her inner thigh as she continued her descent. Once she was just a couple of rungs from the bottom, he put both his hands on her waist and turned her around as he lowered her to the floor. He caught her a little off guard when he somewhat forcefully pulled her to him and began to kiss her; even more passionately than usual. It made her tingle and she could feel the wetness at her core building even more. She could also feel the bulge in his shorts pressing against her hip. He was definitely feeling a little frisky this morning.

She pulled her head back a little bit, breaking their kiss. She looked deep into his eyes and could see a desire building there. One that matched her own. She didn't want to, but suggested that they hurry up and finish her inspection of this last building; so that they could move on the bigger and better things, bigger and much better activities. With a quick slap to her ass he let her go and told her to be quick about it. She got off knowing he wanted her as badly as she wanted him.

The last thing to be checked was the vault. The security company had come on Friday and installed the new day gate and safe deposit boxes. She needed to check and make sure everything was done correctly and then they'd be on their way. 

She glanced back over her shoulder and asked Charlie if he'd ever been inside a bank vault. Of course she knew his response would be a cocky one. "Of course, it's where I keep all my millions" he chided. Figuring two can play this game, her next comment was, "Ever fuck in one?"

That had definitely gotten his attention. She did a little "come here" wiggle of her finger, as she continued walking through the building toward the vault. Knowing without even looking that he would be right behind her. As she went to open the vault door and the day gate she felt him put his hands on her hips, gently squeezing as he leaned in to softly kiss her neck. 

She loved the way he gently caressed her and how he instinctively knew those spots; like the one on her neck that gave her the chills and lit a fire deep inside her. Right now she wanted him deep inside her.

He followed her through the opening and she stopped short. Abruptly she turned and shoved him back, into the shiny new safe deposit boxes. Their hands were all over each other as their mouths met in a fast, furious kiss. 

This was not going to be slow and gentle lovemaking. This was a primal hunger that needed to be fed, now. She was frantically fumbling with his belt and zipper; desperately needing to feel what was raging inside them.

Just as she was about to free his cock from its constraints; he grabbed her and spun her around, pushing her into the steel bars of the day gate. 

She reached out to grab one of the bars to steady herself. She felt his hands greedily sliding up her thighs, raising her skirt to her hips. Still holding onto the bar she took a step back; bending over and slightly spreading her legs. She felt like a wild animal in heat, waiting to be mounted.

He started roughly running his hands over her ass. She was gently rocking her hips from side to side, taunting him, as his hands went down her ass and the tops of her thighs. He had stepped forward enough to rub his throbbing cock against her ass. She held her breath in anticipation expecting to feel him sliding his fingers inside.

She was caught off guard and let out a guttural moan when she felt the sting of his hand slapping her ass. She almost came that very moment. She lost control and begged him. "Fuck me Charlie. I need to feel your cock inside me. Please baby, fuck my pussy" she cried. 

That was all he needed to hear. In one motion he grabbed her hips and thrust his rock hard cock deep inside her tight, wet pussy. She began bucking wildly, meeting his each and every thrust; driving him deeper and deeper inside of her. 

It was as though her life depended upon it and she would die if he stopped. She was in ecstasy and could feel the orgasm building from somewhere deep within. "Oh yeah, that's it baby. Fuck me, fuck me hard. Baby don't stop! I'm gonna cum!" she screamed. He too was ready and with her urging began pounding into her even faster. 

They reached the peak and rode the wave together. Their orgasms ebbed and flowed like the tide. As they came down he pulled his spent, but still partially erect, cock from her dripping pussy. 

He turned her around to face him and smoothed her skirt back over her hips. He then took her face in both of his hands and kissed her softly and gently. Neither spoke a word.

Hand in hand they walked out of the vault. She smiled as she locked the doors behind them and they left the building to start their day.