 A major traffic jam had forced Dr. Ryan to take the subway to the museum.  Looking at the map while she waited, Cassandra grumbled, realizing it was going to be a long ride. She hated the D. C. metro system.

The tram pulled up and she entered with the rest of the crowd. She stepped to the left, near the back, hoping no one would bother her. A group of men in fatigues jumped on at the last minute, surrounding her as the car pulled away.

'At least I have a nice view now.' Cassie thought, smiling at a few of the men who nodded to her. Her stomach dropped when she looked up at the last soldier. 

A wall of muscles with high ranking sergeants' stripes caught her gaze as he approached. Cassandra held her breath when she felt his large hand go to her waist.

"Excuse me." He said quietly in a deep voice. His hand gently moved across her stomach as he passed, sending a thrill through her entire body.

Dr. Ryan closed her eyes and faced forward. She had a weakness for men in uniform, and the army commander behind her was the paradigm of her fantasies. She imagined him turning her around, pressing her back against the car wall and ravaging her in front of all the passengers.

The car lurched, slamming her back into reality and against the well built soldier. Cassandra turned her head to apologize and found her face only inches from his. Steel blue eyes looked down at her, rendering Dr. Ryan speechless.  She could only give a weak smile and turn away.

The second time the subway jolted, the Sergeants' hands went to her hips to steady her. She was pleased when he didn't remove them immediately, and gasped when she felt one of his knees press between her thighs.

Slowly, he opened her legs wider and wider. Trapped by his men, she couldn't move, but Cassandra wasn't sure she wanted to. The fantasy of him taking her right here and now was too enticing.

Looking ahead, she saw that she was blocked from most of the other rider's view. She jumped when one of his large hands slid up her inner thigh. He stroked her through her lace panties. The feel of the rough fabric and the stranger's touch excited her. 

The Commander did not stop when the tram came to the next station. He continued caressing her as people exited and entered. Cassie tried hard to be silent, but reluctantly emitted little moans as his strong fingers worked her.

A few patrons tried to push their way past the soldiers but the wall of military men around her held strong, barring anyone from passing by.

The handsome Sergeant's index and middle fingers lightly rubbed her now soaked slit. Dr. Ryan gripped the solid arm around her waist with both hands, her breathing labored.  She cried out softly when he gently pinched the hard bud of her womanhood.

"Shhhh..." he hushed in her ear, "you'll draw attention."

His hand moved faster despite his warning. As the car pulled away, the army commander pushed her panites aside and inserted two fingers up inside of her. Cassandra inhaled sharply, biting her lower lip trying to keep quiet.

A small cry of disappointment escaped her kips when he suddenly abandoned her. For a moment, her mind whirled. The loss of his touch was almost painful. Cassie found it hard to breathe until she felt him close again, dragging her skirt up behind her.

Firmly, he pulled her hips back to him, rubbing the head of his free cock against her center.

Red faced with shame and excitement, Cassie wiggled against her living fantasy, encouraging him inside of her.

Securing one arm around her middle, the other came up between her breasts, resting on her throat. The mysterious soldier pushed his cock past her tight walls.

Cassandra couldn't help but whimper as he pleasantly stretched her insides with forceful strokes. Once again, her eyes darted around the tramcar, certain everyone knew what was happening, but to her relief no one looked their way, not even the nearest soldiers. 

The Commander's men were tall, blocking most of the view of their shameless act. Dr. Ryan closed her eyes as she eased into his rhythm.

Her entire body jerked when deft fingers slid down her front, gently massaging the enflamed bud until she thought she'd scream. His hot breath tickled her neck as he quietly grunted in her ear, his pace quickening faster and faster. 

She nearly collapsed when her orgasm hit, but the strong Sergeant held fast, pounding out the beginnings of his release. She gently bit the hand that now covered her mouth as his hot fluid filled her.

The announcement of her station awakened Cassie from her daze. Dr. Ryan was still trembling when she felt his grip loosen and his hands slid down her body to help straighten her now rumpled clothes then quickly adjusted his.

"We wouldn't want our museum curator to look like she's been ravished now do we?" He asked playfully in her ear holding on to her again.

Cassandra whipped around in shock and confusion. How did he know her title?

Before she could think to ask, the tram doors flew open allowing the barricade of soldiers to start filing out, as if on cue. The Sergeant placed a soft kiss on the back of her neck and winked as he left the transit car. 

"Hurry, you wouldn't want to be late for work." He gave a knowing smile as the doors closed, trapping a bewildered Dr. Ryan inside.