 Standing at the back door, Lydia took him in her arms and meant only to kiss him goodbye, wanting to shoo him away before the storm hit, but it turned into so much more.

With the first, soft touch of his lips, the lightning struck, thunder boomed and the clouds let loose their torrent. Pouring rains seemed to echo the intensity of their mounting passion. Hands began to roam, buttons became undone, zippers unzipped. Soon the two of them were naked at the entryway.

"Come on," he said, opening the door, taking her hand and leading her out onto the porch. Lydia hesitated and resisted, but she eventually joined him. They embraced again, now nude and in the open. Should her neighbors look out, they would be able see the two lovers in the dim light, illuminated by the flashes of lightning.

Lydia felt her body responding to his touch, as well as his mounting passion that pressed against her belly in all its erectile hardness. Her mind struggled, wondering how he could get her to commit these acts, how he managed to turn her on with their perverse dangers, how he could make her feel frightened and uninhibited at the same time? She shivered with the chill of the wind and the light spray from the rain.

Turning her, he pressed Lydia up against the cool siding, making her emit a squeak and causing both of them to giggle foolishly just before his lips touched hers again. 

Lydia raised her left leg and caressed the back of his thigh with it, feeling each of his manly hairs there. It also caused her clit to rub directly against his hardness. Her hips began to buck of their own accord, feeding her dampness and need. Lightning struck again and Lydia could hear a car sloshing down the rain-swept street out front. She shivered as she sucked on his tongue that forcefully pressed into her mouth. She moaned and sucked on it like it was his cock.

He placed his hands on her waist and hoisted her up against him, cupping her ass cheeks with his hands once she was in place. Lydia yelped, but wrapped her legs about his waist and allowed him to pull her away from the wall. They remained in a passionate kiss, her nipples stiff both from the chill and desire, scraping against the light hairs of his chest. 

She broke the kiss and cried out, "NO-o-o-o-o-o-o!" as he walked slowly off the porch and down the stairs into her increasingly dark back yard. 

The rain soaked the two lovers immediately from its intense downpour. She hugged him tightly and he bit and kissed her neck, drinking the soft rainwater from her skin. Once again he lifted her, placing Lydia on the picnic bench that stood in the middle of the yard. She blinked from the rain and then gasped, wide-eyed, as she felt him position his hard tool at the entrance to her sex.

"Tell me you want it," he hissed... 

The rain pummeled her face and belly softly, but her legs wrapped around him.

"Yes," she called out, "Do it... push it in me. Don't tease me! Push that cock deep into me!"

"Tell me that you want it!" he hissed again, the soft, spongy head of his cock slipping up and down the slick entrance to her sex.

"Yes! Yes, I want your cock! I want you to shove it in me. I want to feel it fill me. I want to feel it press open my cunt! I want to feel it explode in me... Please! Stop teasing. Put it in me!"

Lydia felt pressure and then the soft head was pushing past her outer lips. Looking up, she could see him grimacing with concentration, his hand holding his cock as he pressed. Then he backed off and her hips bucked involuntarily. Once more, he took the head and rubbed it up and down her slit, greasing it with her juices. He placed it against her sex once again, grimacing from the tightness as a little more slipped inside.

Lydia moaned. She was small and he was wide, but she knew he would fit. She just had to relax. She almost cried out when he again pulled back and swabbed the tip up and down, this time running it across her clit, electric shocks jumping straight to her brain each time he did. Again, he positioned it, but this time, instead of standing straight up, he crouched over her, kissing her lips softly and sheltering her face from the downpour. He pressed himself against her once more and pushed, feeling the head sliding inside. Bending, his breath was warm on her nipple. Lydia felt it just as his mouth closed over it and his teeth bit down lightly.

"AAAAIIIIEEEEEE!" she screamed. Her legs flexed against him and drove his cock deep into her womb in one sliding stroke, his head banging against her cervix. He moved off her sore, distended nipple and kissed his way up her neck, licking the raindrops from her skin as he did.

"You're in me!" Lydia told him, amazed. They had tried once before, unsuccessfully. All those months of teasing, playing, groping, touching and fondling had come to a boil the week before, but he hadn't been able to get past her gate. She looked at him with awe as his head hovered over hers, his hair plastered down and his beard glistening wetly in the rain. Lydia just smiled back.

"You're in me and it didn't hurt!"

"Well," he laughed, "I bit your nipple."

"Oh God, and it felt good!" she told him. Lydia wondered what she was supposed to do next. His cock made her feel... full.

"Tell me, Lydia," he implored. "Tell me what you're feeling!"

"I don't know," she replied, "It's the most incredible feeling ever! It's like I'm full, but still hungry! I don't know whether to laugh... cry... or," she got a mischievous twinkle in her eye, "do this!"

"This" was a flexing of her hips, making his cock slide a bit inside her.

"Hon, give yourself some time to adjust! Just squeeze my cock with your cunt."

"Squeeze it how?" she asked. 

"Like... like you're trying to stop yourself from peeing," he told her.

Lydia tried it and he groaned, his face a grimace.

"Are you OK?"

"Oh, fuck yes, Lydia! You're amazing! You're so tight!"

She giggled. "Is that a good thing?"

"Oh, you bet it is, hon!"

Lydia flexed again and he lifted her off the table to kiss her hard. When they broke, the rain had decreased its intensity and she laid back down. His fingers caressed every inch of her body, testing the softness of her breasts, the ridges of her rib cage, the curve of her belly and the cave of her navel. She'd never been touched like this before and marveled at his ability to make her body respond.

"Do it, please?" she begged.

He slowly pulled his cock back. Lydia gasped. It was almost like a plunger had been attached to her cunt. The suction felt like it was pulling her guts out, yet sending tingling jolts of ecstasy to her brain. He pulled all the way back until it was at its widest point, just below the head. There, it felt as if her legs were being pried open. She looked down to see his cock distending the lips of her pussy and then he reversed the process and pushed inward. Lydia flopped back onto the table and began to shake. She was cumming!

Her orgasm was hard and violent as both of them groaned. Her passage slickened with her orgasmic juices now, so he picked up the pace and began to pump her a little faster. It was unlike anything she'd ever felt. Candles, carrots, her fingers... they couldn't compare. Each inward thrust sent her off on another jolt of satisfaction. It was with some amazement that she found his lips on hers, his mouth covering her and his tongue playing against her. Yet she was screaming. He had kissed her to muffle the sound least the neighbors come running out. And his kiss wasn't altogether unpleasant. Her arms wrapped around his neck and she kissed him back with a vengeance.

He pulled her up, his hands now under her ass cheeks, supporting her weight along with the strong legs that wrapped around him... those dancers legs that he so loved. His strong hands and fingers manipulated her flesh, pulling her up and down onto his rigid pole, impaling her over and over again. Not once did their kiss falter. In fact, it didn't break until she discovered that they had re-entered the house and he was grasping for a towel.

He sat her on the dryer and put the terrycloth around her shoulders, then began to pump faster. It was like setting off a pyrotechnic display inside her head. She saw sparks, saw lights saw red and gold explosions and then... 

"Are you OK?"

Lydia was on her back and in her bed. Her body felt as if every fiber had been worked and worked over. She was sore, but in all sorts of good ways. Her nipples hurt to the touch, but each time his fingers moved over them, she wanted more of his touch.

"What happened?"

"I'm not sure. I began pounding into you pretty hard, calling out that I was cumming inside of you and I saw your eyes roll back into your head as your pussy just about crushed my cock! I swear, Lydia, you vibrated for almost a minute. Your arms went rigid and then limp, but I couldn't pull out of you. Each time my cock pulsed, you twitched and bucked. I had to wait until I wilted and it fell out of you before I could carry you in here."

"Wow, I fainted from cumming?"

"Oh god yes, and damn were you good!" 

He moved onto the bed and began to caress her, pulling her into his arms. Again, his fingertips roamed over her body, testing every muscle for its shape, the softness of her rounded breasts, the hard tips of her nipples, the down that lightly frosted her belly, the small thatch above her cunt and then the valley that formed below it. He followed his fingers with his lips, his mouth, his tongue. Licking, probing, nibbling and sucking, he worked his way down her body until he had pried her legs apart and again attacked her sex. 

Lydia spread herself wide for him. He pressed her legs upward, rolling her until the tops of her feet were at her shoulders, her cunt almost over her face. She watched as his mouth descended on it, lapping at it, spreading those lips. Her fascination at watching him suck out their lovemaking caused her to ignore her discomfiture. She watched as his tongue delved deep into her honey, lapping at it like a starved man. She groaned as he moved it lower, hardening it to a point and then dabbing at her anus with it before slithering back upward. She could feel his cum inside of her, still making her slick. He sucked it out of her, relishing their combined tastes.

Then, just as she thought he would stop, he lowered her legs and bent once again, placing his mouth over the whole of her cunt... and sucking hard.

He sucked her lips into his mouth and rolled them with his tongue, working it upward until he literally attacked her clit with it. Lydia screamed again, arching her back as his lips formed an "O" around that little bud and he began sucking on it as if it were a little cock. She felt another orgasm crush through her, ripping her inside out as one finger entered her pussy and a smaller one invaded her back hole. She felt her body quiver as if she were holding a live wire or going through an epileptic fit. His tongue seemed to flit at an unnerving speed across her little nubbin until she couldn't take it anymore.

She screamed.

Loudly.

This time, he didn't try to stop her, or quiet her down. He let her scream until she pushed his head away violently.

Then he crawled up her shuddering body and pulled her to him. She quaked and then burst into tears against him, but not tears of sadness. These were tears of pure joy and happiness. He held her and let her burst over his chest with her own version of rainfall, beginning with a torrent and then slowly fading until the final tapping of the water dripping from the trees relaxed you to the point that you drifted off into a deep, satisfied sleep.

He knew then; so did she.

This... 

This was love.