 Only two weeks after setting Hal and my mother up on their first date. Hal's visits had become less frequent since that first date. We had only made love a couple times and it was clearly different. I knew it was a sign that he was ready to move on. Sitting on the couch alone in my apartment with my mixed emotions; I was happy that Hal and my mother had each other, I was just missing my friend and lover. 

Hal had a dinner date and a movie tonight, leaving me to my own devices and I had no intentions of staying home. Grabbing my phone I called Marc and Marie hoping they hadn't gone anywhere yet. 

"Hello?" Marie's voice was pleasant. 

"Hi Marie! It's Laura." 

Marie's voice spoke excitedly, "Hi Hon, what are you up to?" 

"I thought it would be nice to get out and wondered what you guys were up to." 

When Marie spoke my heart sank, "Mark is on the nightshift this week." 

"That sucks." 

"Come out with me!" Marie spoke excitedly. 

"Out? Where?" 

"Oh Laura, where do you think? Get yourself ready and I will pick you up in an hour." Marie hung up the phone leaving me with a dial tone in my ear. 

Tying my hair up quickly to keep it dry, I jumped in the shower quickly washing and shaving. I already knew I would be wearing my tight fitting off the shoulder mini dress and silver stilettos. Smoothing the dress I inspected myself in the mirror. The dress clung tightly against my naked breasts outlining my nipples. I could see the line of my thong and eventually decided to just remove them entirely giving the dress a clean look. 

Marie texted me her arrival just as I was fastening the tiny strap of my heels; moments later we were in the city traffic heading for the club. 

"So are you coming to the lair with me tonight?" Marie gave a devilish grin. 

Looking straight ahead, "I may pop in and have a look around." 

Marie just giggled, "I'm sure you will find some good trouble." 

In the club Marie headed straight to the lair. I opted to grab a drink and do a walking tour. The club was quite busy and there was no shortage of admiring eyes, smiles and nods from the men as I passed by. I retraced Doug's tour and made my way down the hall of doors until I came to the dark room. My heart sped up as I replayed the fantasies I had about this room since my last visit. Tilting my head back I gulped the last of my wine and opened the door. 

As I stepped out of my dress in the locker room area, a tall Hispanic man came in from the dark area. He was naked and his body was chiselled to perfection; I put my heels in the locker and hung my dress on the hook. The tall, dark and handsome stranger opted to head back into the dark and that pleased me. Opening the door I held it so it closed gently behind me until I stood in complete darkness. My eyes strained to see until finally relenting that it was impossible. Using my hand I found a wall and slowly traced my way in hoping not to trip on anyone. 

Wet sounds and soft slapping sounds filled my ears only to be met with soft moans. I leaned against the wall once again trying to figure out where to go. I jumped when a hand caressed my calf, slowly making its way up and touching my womanhood without any hesitation. I placed my hands flat on the wall and parted my legs at the feel of warm lips kissing up my thigh. 

A hot tongue plunged in me causing me to force my hips forward giving the stranger full access to me. The hot mouth rotated between tonguing deep inside me and sucking my delicate lips and bean; electricity shot through me and I was ready to cum in minutes. It all felt so naughty and I envisioned the tall, dark stranger hungrily eating me; I could only assume who it was. 

"Mmm" I moaned my approval in hopes of hearing a voice, but there was only silence. 

Minutes later my hips were bucking wildly as wave after wave of an intense orgasm washed over me. I couldn't take it anymore and pulled my hips back against the wall. The stranger placed their hands on my head and stood in front of me. I could feel the heat of breath and smell my pussy on their lips that hovered close to mine. A gentle kiss touched my lips and I took the opportunity to reach forward and place my arms around the neck of my secret lover. To my surprise my hands entangled in long hair causing me to let my hands wander until I was squeezing the delicate flesh of my lovers breasts. As quickly as she appeared, she slipped away into the darkness. 

Opting to crawl back towards the door on my hands and knees, I slowly made my way until my hand touched something. I let my hand wander and realized it was a man's leg. I let my hand slide up gently towards his manhood fully expecting it was occupied and pleased that it wasn't. Tracing his semi erect cock with my fingers it immediately began to stiffen in my hand. I continued to stroke him to a full erection before lowering my mouth to take him in my mouth. His cock was average sized and very hard. I stroked and sucked at his swollen head on my hands and knees. I listened excited to hear his shallow breathing and moans of approval knowing it wouldn't be long before his cock erupted. 

His voice was a whisper, "I'm gonna cum." 

I pulled him from my mouth and began jerking his cock against my breast. He groaned loudly as a hot load of cum landed on my breast. Pleased with my work I continued my crawl in the direction I believed to be the door. 

Barely moving a couple feet, I felt a set of hands on my hips. The big hands pawed at my ass squeezing it firmly before slipping fingers into my wet pussy. A big hand slid up my back until it could grab a handful of my hair gently pulling my head back. I could feel him moving into position and felt him leaning over my back. 

"Ready for some cock?" his voice was deep and without an accent. 

I barely got the word yes out of my mouth and his cock was pushed into me. 

He slid in and out quickly working his length inside me; his hand never releasing the grip on my hair. My breasts bounced wildly as he hammered against my ass cheeks with loud slapping sounds. Every thrust made me gasp for air. His cock felt amazing but it was his hand on my clit that began to put me over the edge. 

"I'm so close." I needed him to know, "make me cum." My voice pleading. 

He responded by fucking me harder, "cum on my dick." 

My orgasm danced on the brink of release when he pulled himself from me and screamed out as his cum shot on the small of my back, "Please! Put it back in, I'm so close." I pleaded, but he was gone. 

Eventually I found the door and grabbed my belongings. Walking naked down the hall, I found the bathroom and cleaned the sticky cum from by breast and back. I touched my sensitive pussy; frustrated and in need of an orgasm, I headed to the common area in hope of release. 

He sat on a lounge watching me approach. I knew he would give me what I so badly needed and headed towards him. When I got close, he patted the seat beside him, "Welcome back." 

I sat down and placed my shoes and dress on the floor beside me, "Hi." 

"Where is your friend?" The elderly man smiled. 

"He's working tonight." I smiled at him 

Holding his hand out he introduced himself, "I'm Dennis." 

"I'm Laura." 

Our small talk continued to the point that I was beginning to think that nothing was going to happen; my mind raced at how to send the message of my need until Dennis' hand gently touched my thigh. 

"Why don't you lay back and get comfortable." Dennis slid to the floor at my feet and gently parted my legs. 

His expert tongue traced up my thigh with occasional butterfly kisses until finally devouring my needy pussy. I instantly grabbed his head and began grinding myself against his mouth. Dennis responded by taking a breast in each of his expert hands; squeezing them and gently pinching and tugging my delicate nipples as he plunged his tongue at my opening. 

This was exactly what I needed and my elusive orgasm built quickly. Grinding myself wildly, Dennis seemed unphased and continued his mission. I moaned loudly when release finally came. My hips bucked franticly as Dennis brought out the beast within me until I collapsed on the couch. 

"I needed that." My words escaped between heavy panting. 

Dennis just smiled and kissed his way up to my left breast. He circled my nipple with his tongue while his hand fondled my other breast playfully. Our eyes locked on each other as I basked in my post orgasmic euphoria. When he'd sated himself with my breast his lips moved to mine and I felt his manhood press firmly against my ass cheek as we kissed. 

Reaching down I grabbed his hard cock and lined it up to my opening. Without any hesitation, Dennis worked himself into me never taking his lips from mine. Holding his face as he his mouth devoured mine and his cock worked its length in and out of me with long strokes. 

"I want to see that beautiful ass." Dennis pulled himself back from me and patted the couch, 

I climbed on to my hands and knees exposing my ass to him. Before climbing up, Dennis plunged his face into my pussy again causing me to moan in delight.. His tongue fucked my hole a few times before finally withdrawing. 

Dennis climbed behind me and slid his cock up and down my slippery slit a few times before resuming his fucking . He was fucking me harder now and his hands had a firm grip on my hips slamming them back against him. 

"You are so tight." Dennis' voice panted from behind me, "Where do you want my cum?" 

I twisted to see his face, "On my tits!" 

"Mmm,you had better get on your back and let me fuck them then." Dennis thrust roughly in me a couple more times before stepping back. 

I had barely lain down and he straddled me placing his cock between my breasts; squeezing them together I watched as his cock slid easily between them. When his head popped out the top, I flicked my tongue across it causing him to moan wildly. 

"I'm going to cum all over these beautiful breasts and that hot little tongue of yours." Dennis' eyes widened. 

Lifting my head I let the head of his cock pop into my mouth a few times and that sent him over the edge. Dennis took over squeezing my tits together and fucked them like a wild man until his cock began to explode. He screamed out with pleasure as he jerked his cock wildly over my tits and mouth. 

When he calmed, I grabbed his cock and pulled it to my lips after sucking the remaining cum from his shaft before collapsing on the lounge, "That was terrific." 

Dennis leaned down and kissed me again, "anytime." Then he wandered away. 

I had turned away numerous visitors as I lay sprawled on the lounge chair exhausted. I eventually found the energy to get moving. I picked up my clothes and headed for the bathroom for a rinse off. 

The warm water felt wonderful as I washed myself. After drying off I pulled the tight dress back over my body and slipped my shoes on, it was time to find Marie and head home. Reluctantly I made my way to the lair knowing exactly where to find her. 

To my surprise, she was sitting at the bar having a drink with a tall black man whom I could only assume was Terrance. They were both naked and from this distance, he fit the description she had given on my first visit. As I made my way to them, I was immediately propositioned by two young black men who I politely passed by making my way to the bar. 

Marie had barely introduced us and Terrance big arms gave me a hug, "How do you like my place?" 

"It's amazing!" I smiled. 

Terrance beamed. "Marie here tells me a lot about you." 

"Oh she did?" I looked at Marie. "What exactly has she been saying?" 

Terrance and Marie laughed, "Just that you're a unicorn." 

We all laughed. It was true, a single woman at a swingers club was extremely rare, yet here I was. 

I popped up on the stool beside Marie. Terrance grabbed a bottle of tequila and poured us all shots as he stood between us. After a few shots, my mind was spinning and we talked like old friends. Terrance's hands were on the small of our backs as we chatted. 

"I have to pee!" Marie jumped off her stool. "I'll be back in a minute." 

Just like that I was alone with Terrance. 

"Let's do another shot." I held up my shot glass 

Terrance filled our glasses again and we quickly shot them back; I gasped as it burned down my throat causing Terrance to laugh. Moving behind me his big hands squeezed my shoulders. "You are a tiny little thing aren't you?" 

I shrugged, "I guess." 

Leaning in, his hot breath danced on my ear lobe, "I want you." His big hands covered both my breasts through the thin fabric of my dress easily finding my nipples. His chest pushed against my back I leaned on the bar. 

"Let me see that ass." He tugged at the hem of my dress until my bare ass was exposed, "Mmm, that is fine." His big hands lifted me easily and repositioned me on the stool with my ass hanging over the edge. 

I could only moan as his thick fingers worked my pussy until his fingers slid easily in and out of me, "Ready for my big cock baby?" 

I nodded slowly, "Please be gentle." 

His fat head slowly worked my opening making me feel virginal; his cock was unbelievably massive. Terrance pushed his pussy covered fingers in my mouth. Slowly I sucked his fingers like a cock and he took the opportunity to push his swollen head inside me causing me to scream out, "It's so big!" 

"Just relax beautiful. Daddy'll make sure that pussy feels real good." Terrance poured me another shot, "drink!" 

I shot it down and Terrance worked his head in and out the opening stretching it, "How the fuck does Marie take this thing?" 

"I just have to break you in baby. You'll be fine." Terrance pushed his cock deeper in side me. "Daddy's big cock is going to ruin you for other men." 

Terrance began a slow fuck; my pussy burned with pleasure and pain as he stretched me open. Marie had returned at some point and sat quietly watching us. 

"Come here." Terrance pulled himself from me and lifted me off the stool before spinning me to face him and picking me up again. "This will help get my big cock inside you baby." Supporting me in his arms, he lowered me on to his cock, gently bouncing me. 

The weight of my body pushed me down on his thick pole. He bounced me for an eternity until half his cock was pushing in and out of me. His mouth met mine and he took me faster as our tongues danced wildly. I gasped and moaned in his mouth. 

"Want some lube baby?" Terrance was breathing heavily. 

I nodded as we kissed. 

"Good." Terrance began to bounce me faster, "Daddy is gonna shoot some lube up there." 

I tried to tell him no by shaking my head, but it was no use. He pulled me down on his cock and I felt his hot cum filling me. Almost instantly I could feel it running out of me around his cock. 

"That should help baby." Terrance returned to bouncing me up and down on his cock. His cum worked and he pushed himself deeper, fucking me with long slow thrusts. His cock was so deep inside me that I coughed as he walked me, still impaled to the back of the room. 

Sitting down on a couch, I was now straddling him and in control. I found a rhythm and began working his cock trying to bring myself to orgasm. Grinding myself, I lifted and lowered myself as we kissed. I could feel a release begin to build. As we kissed, Terrance fucked my mouth slowly with his tongue. His fingers pressed against my ass and stretched my cheeks open. 

"That's a good girl. Cum all over Daddy's cock." Terrance pushed a finger in my ass and my body began to convulse. 

Lifting his hips, he began fucking my pussy as I quivered on him and my orgasm began. When the first wave washed over me, he pulled me down on him pushing his cock to the hilt in me. My pussy exploded squirting my juices all over us. Terrance didn't waste a moment still thrusting himself into me until I begged him to stop. 

I sat still on him with his cock buried in me trying to catch my breath, "I can't believe the whole thing is inside me." 

Terrance only smiled and pulled my face to his. Once our lips touched he began to slowly grind his cock in and out of me and I rode him until he was ready to cum again, "Cum in me." 

"Tell Daddy what you want!" his voice was demanding 

I bounced faster, "I want your to cum in me." 

"Tell me you want your black daddy to breed you!" Terrance's eyes were wild with passion. 

"I want you to breed me." I bounced up and down thrusting his cock deep in me. 

Terrance grabbed my hips and pulled me down holding me still, "Mm yes, take my cum baby." 

Once satisfied, Terrance lifted me off him and smiled, "Damn girl, you need to bring that fine ass here every night." 

I stood on wobbly legs feeling an endless flow of semen stream down my thighs. In the bathroom I sat on the toilet cleaning myself with a douche; with the bright light came the reality of letting him shoot his load inside me. I knew I would be back, but I had to do something about birth control. 

Hal popped over on Sunday night for a visit. It was next to impossible for us to talk without raising suspicion unless we were at work. Hal was head over heels crazy about my mother and as I'd learned from conversations with her, the feeling was mutual. We never spoke the words, but we both knew our relationship had come to a close. We sat close to each other on the couch holding hands and watching television. 

When Hal squeezed my hand I looked over, "I will always love you Laura." 

I squeezed his hand back and smiled at him. 

"I'm still going to look after you like I promised." Hal's voice sounded guilt ridden. 

I leaned in and gave him a kiss on his cheek before putting my arms around him, "I'm happy you found someone and you will never be far away." 

That was the last solo visit from Hal and I took on a step daughter role. As promised, he continued to pay for my apartment and help me out whenever I needed it.