 As Saturday night approached my mind raced trying to think of how things would play out. The week leading up to it was filled with sexual role playing and impassioned sex. When we weren't having sex, we were clarifying the boundaries of this adventure as suggested by Doug and Marie. We only had one rule and that was that we only played in the same room; Hal was not interested in Doug taking Marie and I to his room for a threesome while he waited on the couch. 

In hindsight, Tim Horton's was a terrible place to meet. The light trench coat barely passed the hem of my dress leaving a lot of my bare legs exposed. It's not every day you see a woman dressed to the nines and wearing three inch strappy patent leather heels at a coffee shop. 

After glancing around for a familiar face we concluded that we had arrived first, "I'll grab us a table." 

Hal released my hand, "Did you want coffee or something else?" 

"A bottle of water please." I wandered off to find a quiet table in the corner. 

I spotted Doug and Marie as they walked across the parking lot. Doug was extremely tall and Marie was dressed in a micro mini that left nothing to the imagination as she walked arm in arm with Doug. As they entered I smiled and gave a gentle wave. 

Marie held out her hand to me, leaning in and giving me a peck on the cheek as I took it, "Hi Laura." 

Barely getting a hello back to Marie before Doug leaned down and gave me a gentle hug, "I'm Doug." 

"You are tall! How tall are you?" I couldn't believe my choice of first words to them. 

Doug laughed and the entire coffee shop turned as a result of his bellow, "I'm 5 feet 19 inches." Another roar ensued at what I assume was a go to response he used regularly. 

Hal returned quickly and shook Doug's hand before giving Marie an awkward hug. 

"Ready to go?" Doug hadn't wasted any time sitting. 

"Let's do this." Marie laced her arm in the crook of Hal's giving him a playful tug. 

It was barely a five minute drive from the Tim Horton's to a banquet hall full of cars. If I hadn't known where we were going, I would have sworn it was a wedding or an event of that nature. Inside was a completely different story; this was clearly not a wedding and unlike anything I had ever witnessed. wall. 

"We should find you two a seat before you hurt yourselves!" Doug's laugh overshadowed the music. Seeing our puzzled looks he clarified, "You two are going to walk into something the way your heads are spinning." Marie joined in as we all laughed.  

Doug was correct about my distraction; between the scanty outfits, nudity and what I presumed to be dancing, there was a lot to take in. I sat as Doug pulled my chair out for me seating me beside Marie at our cozy table. Doug sat next to me and offered the chair beside Marie for Hal. Idle chit-chat took place until the boys got up to get us drinks. 

"Are you nervous?" Marie moved her face close. 

I smiled trying to act serene although my heart pounded through my chest, "a bit." 

Putting an arm around me she leaned in close to my ear, "You are in charge; never forget that. If you aren't comfortable doing something, don't do it; no means no." 

I took the opportunity to ask a million newbie questions, "Do people have sex here?" 

"They aren't supposed to, but some do. It's not a big deal if it's discreet." Marie smiled. 

"But you can get naked?" My cheeks flushed at the strange conversation we were having. 

Marie laughed, "Honey you can strip down to your birthday suit, but the guys can't." 

Doug and Marie introduced us to some friends as we made the rounds. We talked about how long they were married and their two kids. It was evident that our time to discuss our relationship had come; I couldn't have been more relieved when Hal began to speak. 

Without much detail he said we had known each other a long time and we were kindred spirits not bound by societal norms or age. 

Doug put his arm around me, "You are one lucky S.O.B. Hal! Laura here is a beautiful young woman." 

Hal just smiled as our eyes met across the table. 

Doug and I danced often as did Marie and Hal. I watched as Marie ground herself on Hal's thigh occasionally kissing his neck. When we caught each other's gaze, Hal would wink and smile at me. 

Straining my neck I looked up in to Doug's gentle blue eyes. A finely trimmed goatee slowly lowered to me until his lips were against mine. 

I held my breath as our lips met and we kissed. My heart beat against my chest as he pulled me closer. When our kiss broke, I searched approvingly for Hal only to find him locking lips with Marie. 

When my eye aimed to the heavens again Doug smiled, "You okay?" 

"Absolutely." I closed my eyes and Doug's lips returned to mine. 

Slowly his kisses worked my lips open and his tongue danced its way in to my mouth. He was an amazing kisser but his height made it awkward. "Let's go grab a seat." 

At our table he sat me on his lap and his tongue continued to probe the depths of my mouth as his hands danced over my body finally settling on my ass. At some point Hal and Marie returned and sat watching us. I remained on Doug's lap as we all talked like old friends. 

As if reading Doug's mind, Hal smiled at me as Doug parted my legs and slowly slid his hand under the hem of my dress. When his fingers touched my magic bean I threw my head back in to his shoulder; my pussy was soaked. It didn't take a minute and his long thick fingers were dancing at my slippery opening. 

Slowly his fingers would probe me before going back to torment my swollen button; over and over again he tormented me, making me ache for relief. 

"Kiss me and I'll make you cum." Doug pulled my face to his with his free hand holding it there as his fingers plunged in and out my pussy. When his tongue began to fuck my mouth I could feel the familiar quiver of my building orgasm. 

Doug coaxed, "Give it to me." 

I bit my bottom lip as the first wave shattered through my body. The relentless finger pounding brought wave after wave of ecstasy until I begged for a break and he pulled his fingers from me. The room was a blur as I rested my head on his shoulder trying to focus my attention again on my surroundings. 

As my orgasmic fog began to lift, I could make out Marie sitting alone watching us. I smiled and noted that she didn't acknowledge me. Lifting my head it all became clear; Marie was leaned back with her eyes closed breathing heavily. I watched her chest rise and fall with deep breaths as one hand squeezed at her exposed breast while the other touched her lover. 

Doug's big hand squeezed at my breast through the fabric of my dress until he wanted more. As I watched Marie, Doug slid the straps off my shoulders exposing both my breasts for his hands to enjoy. 

Marie was close and I watched with anticipation. Distracted momentarily I stared up at Doug before glancing down at the thick cock I was holding. I squeezed it firmly and felt it pulse in appreciation. Doug didn't have to speak; I slid myself down on the chair beside him feeling my naked cheeks expose as my dress slid over them. With my face pressed against his stomach I slowly lowered myself to the rock hard cock in my hand. 

Stroking his hard cock I felt like I was jerking off a tall beer can; to say Doug was thick would be an understatement. My eyes peered over the table watching Marie as I danced my tongue slowly across the head of his cock. 

Hal brought Marie to an endless orgasm causing her to convulse and buck wildly on the chair. I turned my focus to the pulsing monster in my hand. As I kissed and sucked at his head Doug ran his big hand over me; starting at my back it moved firmly up to my head speaking his unspoken desire. As I stretched my mouth over his head, his hand moved down my back, stopping at my ass where it squeezed and probed me. 

Barely having the head in my mouth, I let my saliva flow and used it to lubricate my stroking hand. Doug's seed flowed continuously in my mouth providing more lubrication as I worked his cock; sucking and popping the fat head from my mouth as I tongued it wildly before putting it back in. Doug's hand quickly moved back to my head, delicately moving my hair from my face while holding my mouth on him. Without warning he reached down with his free hand and held the base of his cock in time for it to explode a warm load of his cum in my mouth. I continued sucking and stroking until his hands released themselves. Sitting up, I stared across the table at Hal and Marie who had been intently watching. 

With my mouth full of Doug's cum I stared at Hal with a grin and swallowed before grabbing my glass of wine and taking a sip. 

"That was fucking unbelievable Laura!" Doug looked spent. 

Sitting back in my chair I placed my hand on his softening cock, "That is a thick cock; I'm not sure how much longer my jaw would have held out." 

Marie laughed, "That's why I don't give him head." 

"Really?" I looked at Doug for confirmation. 

Doug nodded that it was true. 

"It's too thick! It's just not fun to suck." Marie shrugged, "It's a lot of fun to fuck though!" A smile beamed from her face. 

"So I guess I don't get a blowjob?" Hal pulled Marie to him showing his long cock. 

Marie smiled and reached over, "Now that is the kind of cock I like to suck, long with a nice girth." 

Immediately Marie dove mouth first in to Hal's lap. I couldn't help but smile watching the expression on Hal's face. Her head bobbed up and down quickly as if starving for his treasure. 

A man popped over and spoke in to Doug's ear, "You guys are taking it too far, I need you to chill a bit." 

Doug called Marie who was oblivious to the owner having come over, "We should take this show on the road." 

Finishing our drinks we headed out to the car. Marie dragged Hal in to the back of their SUV while Doug and I sat in the front watching them. The overhead light had barely faded and Marie was choking on Hal's cock trying to swallow his length. From the guttural sounds coming from Hal, Marie was quite talented. Hal held her head as it worked up and down his shaft panting with abandon. 

"Jesus, I'm going to explode!" Hal's voice shocked and disappointed, "Agh, suck it!" 

Marie stopped moving as her mouth flooded with Hals load. I couldn't help myself and climbed in the back seat beside Hal. Turning his face to mine, I kissed him deeply as Marie cleaned every drop from his balls. I couldn't recall ever being so horny. 

Regaining our composure, we talked about next steps and decided that Hal and I would head home. We promised a visit to their house in the near future for some more fun. On the ride home Hal and I couldn't stop talking about how exciting the night was and that we had to do it again soon.