 Dressed for work I made my way to the elevator and pressed the button. I consider myself fairly patient but after a few minutes I began to pace. A door down from me opened and an elderly woman made her way to the elevator after locking her door.

"Are you new here?" Her voice shook in her throat.

"Yes, I moved in to 905."

A devious smile crossed her face, "Oh, we are neighbors I'm in 907."

This elevator was taking too long and I wasn't sure how long I could politely stand there. The grin on the old apple dolls face never faded. She looked as if she knew something I didn't and it slowly began to climb under my skin.

"Is your boyfriend sleeping in?" Her eyes peered out of the kerchief on her head.

"My boyfriend?"

The devilish smile widened as she spoke, "Yes, he must be exhausted after last night."

I could feel my cheeks flush with the heat of embarrassment, "I'm going to be late for work; I think I will take the stairs. Nice meeting you." With those words I walked briskly to the end of the hall and made my way down nine flights of stairs.

I walked in the station greeted by another grin. This one was not at all devilish. Hal's face looked like a kid on Christmas morning getting the perfect gift, "Someone is in a good mood."

"Quick, give me a kiss." He hurried around the counter to meet me and kissed me. "Last night was surreal. I spent most of the night questioning whether it really happened."

"It was real." I placed my hands on his chest as he squeezed me in his arms, "If you are good, I may let you do it again someday."

Hal choked, "Someday?"

I just laughed and gave a teasing smile as I walked in the back to hang up my coat ensuring I wiggled my ass wildly the entire way. 

"You're a horrible tease!" Hal yelled out playfully. "I have a mind to close the store and teach you what happens to girls like you!"

Making my way back to the counter I gave him the raised eyebrow, "Promises, promises."

The shop was quiet after lunch and Hal took the opportunity to slip out and run some errands. Sitting on the stool my shirt clung tightly to me thanks to abnormally high humidity. The door chimed breaking my trance. 

Tim's smile always gave me the creeps, "Hi Sweety." 

I figured Tim was in his early thirties. He was a tall stocky man who filled the doorway when he came in, "Hi Tim. How are you today?"

"I'm better now beautiful." His eyes focused a little too long on my accentuated breasts, "I was beginning to thing Hal was hiding you from me. It's been a while since I've seen you."

I just shrugged and laughed, "Maybe he wants me all to himself."

"Who wouldn't?" Tim laughed loudly. "If you need company sweetheart, you just let me know."

Hal couldn't have popped in at a better time. Clearly he could sense the tension, "You harassing my girl Tim?"

Tim laughed loudly, "Maybe a little bit."

With the tension broke, I rang up his order and watched as Tim took one last glance at my breasts before exiting the store.

"You have yourself a fan!" Hal smiled his devilish grin.

"He says he has a lot to offer me. I'm a bit intrigued." I watched the jealousy cross Hal's face. "He's out of luck though; I've already got a daddy." My words comforted Hal and his generous smile returned.

Walking up behind me his hand squeezed my ass cheek, "You're all mine."

Spinning quickly I threw my arms around him and kissed him. Hal returned my embrace and for a moment, we lost all track of time and our present location. His hands pawed at my ass through my jeans as we kissed wildly at the front counter. The Bing of the car alert snapped us back to reality.

"I want you so bad Laura." Hal kissed my lips again before breaking his embrace. 

The long day ended and Hal dropped me off at the apartment. Peeling the tee over my head I threw it to the floor in the bathroom. A cold shower was definitely in order to get relief from the humidity. I jumped out of my skin when the curtain pulled back quickly. 

Hal stood staring at me, "change of plans."

His clothes flew from his body and he stepped in to the shower immediately pressing his lips to mine, "I need my little girl's pussy."

Before I could remind him again about my monthly visitor, he spun me around and bent me over. The cool water ran over my back as Hal worked his cock up and down the opening of my love canal.

Grabbing a handful of my hair he pulled my lips to his and pushed his cock in to me. I gasped loudly as he plunged deeper in to me. Spreading my hands I braced myself against his assault on my pussy. I loved how he needed me so badly.

I slowly wiggled my hips as his cock pushed deep in to my pussy aggressively, "My little girl thinking about Tim fucking her? Using her like a slut?" I had no idea how to respond and was caught off guard.

"Tell me you want Tim's big cock in you little girl." Hal kissed my ear as the words left his mouth. "Take Tim's big cock like a good little slut."

The more he talked, the more aggressive his thrusts were. I moaned and yipped muffling myself with my arm. Hal's hand held my hips tight against him, "Take all this cum, I'm going to fill this little pussy up."

His cock pulsed deep in me as he licked and nibbled at my ear until he was spent. His softening cock slowly slid from my pussy. His cum oozed down my thigh with a fine stream of my monthly visitor.

"Fuck I needed that baby girl." Hal pulled me in his arms and kissed me deeply.

After cleaning up, we made our way to the living room and snuggled on the couch.

"Can I ask you a question baby?" I stared in to Hal's eyes.

Hal smiled and raised his eyebrow.

"What was all that Tim talk?" I broke eye contact waiting for his answer.

His hand lifted my chin quickly, "I was fantasizing that I was Tim."

Clearly the look on my face expressed my confusion.

"Just fantasy baby." Hal kissed me again, "nothing wrong with that right?"

"no." never breaking our gaze.

"You have fantasies too!" Hal sat back on the sofa.

I playfully slapped his chest, "Oh? Do I?"

"I'm sure you will share some with me at some point." His hand playfully squeezed my bare breast.

We sat quietly for a few moments before Hal blurted out, "I want to have a threesome!"

I had created a monster and smiled coyly, "do you?"

"YES!" I could see the horny devil in his eyes.

"Okay." I said calmly, "but I get to pick the guy."

Hal's smile faded, "The guy?"

"So you want me to share you with another girl?" I pouted playfully.

Hal pondered for a moment, "You want another man?"

"Of course I do. What woman wouldn't want two men hungrily desiring her?" I smiled softly.

"Okay I have an idea." Hal continued, "We'll do both. We just have to figure out how now."

The next day Hal raced in to the apartment with his iPad in his hand, "I've got it!" He plumped down on the couch beside me.

"You got what?" I eyed him curiously.

He typed on his iPad for a few moments then sat back to show me what he had found.

"A swingers site? You want to swing?" The shock in my voice caught Hal off guard.

"Well no Laura. We could meet another couple where he and I play with you and his wife and you play with me." Hal seemed proud of himself until he saw the look on my face. "What? What does that look mean?"

I laughed unable to hold it in, "Hal that is swinging! So you are going to be okay when her husband wants to have me and his wife while you sit and watch?"

Hal looked defeated, "I tried."

"I'm not opposed to it." I gently rubbed his forearm. "How does it work exactly? Is it a dating site?"

Hal rambled an explanation that translated to it being a dating site as well as they had "parties" that you could attend. Pulling the iPad from him I looked over the site, "You already created a profile?"

"I had to so I could see the site." His cheeks flushed.

Our account name was 'CuriousOWMYWF' which I didn't understand, "Where did you come up with this?"

Hal quickly explained "Older White Male, Young White Female."

I continued reading:

'We are interested in meeting like-minded people for fun times. She is a stunning 20 year old woman with a beautiful body, smile, long brown hair and sexy brown eyes. He's a 55 year old with short dark hair.'

"This leaves a lot to be desired Hal." I shook my head and smiled.

"I was in a hurry and had to put something."

We spent the next hour reading other peoples profiles and updating our own with all the relevant things were needed up to and including that I was an orally gifted angel. Hal put the laptop on the coffee table and pushed me back in to the couch as he climbed on top of me and began devouring my neck.

His hot breath worked up to me ear as his hands made their way up my skirt and began sliding my panties down, "You like the idea of a total stranger fucking you Laura?"

I nodded speechless. My pussy began to moisten rapidly as he mauled my breasts through my blouse and fumbled with the zipper of his pants. Impatiently I slid my hand down to my magic bean I covered it in my wetness and began to slowly circle it.

Hal lifted my legs back folding me in half so my knees were at my ears, "Ready for this cock little girl?"

I looked down at his swollen cock sticking out his zipper; a drip of precum already glistening on the eye, "Yes baby give me that beautiful cock."

Wasting no time he pushed himself at my opening causing a guttural groan to escape my lips, "You keep getting tighter!" Hal worked his stiff cock at my opening until he hit bottom. The feeling of his cock was all that I needed to send me over the edge. I wrapped my legs around him holding him there as I ground myself to the most intense orgasm. My pussy gushed and squirted in wave after wave of never ending euphoria.

Once my grip on his waist began to subside, Hal began long slow methodical thrusts in and out of me which immediately brought my orgasm back to the surface. His hand tangled deep in my hair holding my head off the back of the couch. Our eyes locked on one another as he brought me over the edge again.

I closed my eyes and Hal took the cue to lower his lips to mine. His tongue took over the slow probing as his cock sped up its thrusting. Every thrust pounded my insides feeling like he was going to bust in to my lungs. Hal's breathing quickened and his kisses became wild and wonton indicating his pending orgasm was near.

"Cum on my tits baby." I pushed them together under the weight of his chest.

His hand behind my head kept my mouth pressed to his until he began to groan and gasp in my open mouth. His cock convulsed and twitched deep inside me filling me with his sticky seed. 

"You are so amazing Laura." Hal kissed my lips gently holding them there as he continued, "this is all I want to do, all day, all night."

Holding his face in my hands I stared in to his eyes, "I love the feeling of your cock exploding in me, but you have to stop okay?"

Hal kissed me again, "I told you, I will look after you if you get pregnant Sweety."

"I don't want a baby Hal." I stared sternly at him.

"I'm sorry Sweety. I won't do it again unless you say it's okay. Okay?" Hal felt bad.

I kissed him and gave him a bright smile, "You can always cum in my mouth or ass." 

He lit up, "Deal."

The majority of the next couple days at work were spent on the swinger site. We had received a couple notes and sent a couple as well. We conversed with a couple using the sites chat feature. They seemed nice although more Hal's age than my own. We continually apologized for all our newbie questions; they seemed genuinely happy to help clarify anything. There last message was an invitation to a swingers dance.

Hal looked at me, "Interested?"

"What the heck." I squeezed his arm.

Our new friends Doug and Marie would sponsor us in to our first dance; we would meet them at a nearby coffee shop and follow them to the secret location in north Toronto on Saturday night. Hal seemed pleased with the pictures of Marie in various forms of nakedness. The only picture of Doug was so far away, you couldn't make out a distinguishable feature.