 When I showed up that night, I had no intentions in my mind. I had no plans. We met in the doorway where you offered to take my coat. You allowed me to keep it on at my request. By now, you learned well not to ask too many questions about my inscrutable ways. 

You grabbed me by the hand, leading me to the living room. There was a new blanket, one I had not seen before. It looked so warm I doubted the need to keep my coat. You let me keep it longer, but when you insisted I remove it, slowly, your hands moved to open the buttons for me. One by one, you opened each large button. The first one opened was systematically the top one. Thinking nothing of it, you were only helping make me more comfortable. You didn't even flinch when it opened and you saw more skin than normal. 

The second button was open, displaying more skin and widening your eyes. Goose bumps decorated the parts of my chest you could readily see. This was not the way I'd normally be dressed when leaving the house, but you brought out the lustful side of me by the time our last phone conversation ended. I drove to your place feeling unlike myself, but in a most exploratory way.

You opened the third and final button. The panels of my coat fell past my hips to land on the couch. My hard erect nipples distracted you. They kept your eyes locked away from my hands caressing the curves of my ribs down through my hips and across to meet at my inner thighs. 

As my fingertips came together at my pussy, I brought one hand back up to feel just how hard the nipples were. The sight of my fingers as they gripped my nipple broke your stare. Just as your eyes were about to connect with mine, you looked at my other hand petting the dark, trimmed hair. I smiled with a hint of success in keeping you in suspense. It was my way of being innocent and provocative at the same time. You reached both hands forward to cup my breasts. The feel of erect nipples against your palms triggered an instant hard on. It happened to make me wet as well, but you didn't learn that until you slid your hands down along the same path mine traveled earlier.

With your hands in place, it was your pinkies that first tapped into the wetness in just the slightest way. Now you knew. When you shifted your fingers up further, I parted my legs to accept your move to please me, play with me, seduce me. Your mouth moved in time with the probing of your fingertips. The words you did not actually speak out loud moved in time with the way you tapped on my garnet-toned slippery lips. I brought my fingers to your mouth, pushing a fingertip into your mouth to catch on your teeth. That sensual tongue of yours licked at my fingertip while those sexiest of lips closed over my finger and you began sucking it gently. 

Just when I believed you could not make me any wetter without touching me, I felt the surge of arousal seep across my hot lips. You opened your eyes and lifted your brow in amazement. Our eyes would have connected again, if mine had not been fluttering so hard behind their closed lids. You sent such a passion through my body. The tingling found a direct pathway back to my breasts, which you could not feel with your hands between my thighs. You watched my nipples shift in texture and harden more than you've ever seen of me. You licked your lips as you watched my breasts answer your touch.

Your hands released my pussy to slide up my sides until they were comfortable under my arms. You slid the sleeves of my coat off my shoulders, asked that I continue to stand in front of you as to take a better, more full scope of my body as it quivered before you. Shyly, I stood while my coat draped to the floor landing at my ankles. You once again slid those fantastic hands between my thighs, ran them up and down along the insides of my legs. 

With the force of your muscular fingertips against my inner thigh, I followed your silent guidance. It was guiding me to step one foot onto the couch beside you. The idea that my high heel was still on my foot excited you. Slowly, you peeled it off my foot, rubbed my toes and slowly trailed your hand up along my entire leg. When your hand finally reached my pussy again, it was wetter still. I unfolded my leg to the outside of yours on the couch. All there was to offer was now on display.

You sat forward with intentions of getting a taste of that sweet honey that flowed for you. Rather than taking an immediate approach, you took your time, first clasping your fingers around my calf and gliding up to my knee. Your mouth trailed not far behind, pausing to taste the sweetness from the back of my knee. I never knew how much a subtle flick of your tongue would spark that response. As you heard me gasp, your tongue continued around to the back of my knee until you were licking and sucking on the bend in my leg. The first screaming gasp slipped from my mouth as your tongue tapped at the back of my knee in that tender hidden pocket only visible when standing this way. When you felt my hand grabbing at your gorgeous soft hair, you knew you had me. 

You brought me to a sexually ecstatic place. All I wanted from here was to make you as hard as I was wet. I lifted my shoeless foot to your shoulder. The spot on the back of my knee would have to wait until you worked your way further up my leg. You kissed and suckled nearly every inch until your mouth connected with the soft flesh of my inner thigh. In effort to tease even yourself, you waited. 

The agonizing anticipation of your strong exploring tongue was almost too much to tolerate. I was becoming wetter by the second but I could not find the inner strength to ask you to stop. Instead, I tipped my raised leg to expose more of the garden that hoped for you to explore further. When I pulled my ankle toward my body, it also forced your face closer between my legs. Feeling your mouth against my inner thigh made me scream. I pulled tighter on your hair. You pressed harder against my thigh. I screamed through closed lips while I tried to guide your head closer to the wetness that awaited your attention.

Repeated kisses finally brought you there. Your fingertips were ready as the nectar dripped and flowed freely along the inside of my leg. You felt the excitement just as your mouth reached my hot wet sex. The timing was amazing as you lapped up the first drips and moaned. Vibrations resounded and stimulated me even more. As you leaned forward, my lower leg collapsed against your back and pulled you closer. Your mouth began the sucking I yearned for long ago, pulling my lips between yours. A moaning vibration tickled and stimulated my clit while your tongue tapped and flicked at it. 

I had to hold my breath and bite my lip as you went on. A slight nibbling brought on a stimulation that buckled the knee that was holding me up. You knew as soon as my hand grabbed more firmly on your sexy hair that you were doing everything right. When I grabbed at your mane, I also pulled your face closer to me. You followed my lead and sucked a little bit harder as my clit became thoroughly engorged. As your tongue tapped and probed, you listened to my breathing. You waited to feel the grip on your hair to know just how much harder you could go. Before long, you were responding to the silent invitations. I wanted to cum.

It was the feel of your mouth on my pussy, licking and slurping and sucking and probing my pussy and my clit. 

Just as my elevated leg began to slip off your shoulder, you wrapped your arms and hands to the back side of my legs. Squeezing hard at the base of my ass, you pulled me closer and guided my leg off your shoulder and into the couch beside you. The other leg was guided next until I was straddling your lap. As fast as it happened, there was no break in sensation imparted by your mouth as the feel of you pulsated through my body. That feeling of your hard cock pressing against my fattened clit kept me wet and kept me wanting more. 

Once I felt your cock gliding along my wet slit, I pressed harder against you and came at just the moment your balls pressed against me. Slowing down the pace meant to you it was about to end. I guided my hanging swaying breasts before you to take either of them into your mouth. Gladly you accepted. As my orgasm waned, your sucking mouth on my nipple brought me back to that orgasmic moment. It lingered. That most amazing orgasm turned into another. And another... and when that began to fade into a relaxed moment, you pinched my nipples, brought them to your mouth and pulled on my hips until your cock pressed firmly against my clit for one last scream of your name in a way you would not hear until we met again...