 Author's note: This is a continuation of this series. If you are just coming to it, you might want to read the preceding chapters first. My apologies that I write so slow, my opportunities to write are limited and I tend to work on a lot of different ideas at once, which slows me down. In any case, enjoy, happy holidays to all, and please vote or comment if you enjoy it.

*

"Are you really going to tell me you'd turn down the opportunity to nail Daniella?" she asked with a disbelieving stare.

"Of course not, but damn, this is a lot to take in. What if I'm no good? What if I can't, you know..."

"Perform?"

"Umm, yeah. I mean, I..."

She moved close to me, placing her finger over my lips to cut me off. She pressed herself up into me, kissing me lightly on the lips, then the neck, and moving her mouth near my ear. "You and Amanda in the living room. Not to mention how turned on you get whenever you get the opportunity to fuck one of us in front of the other. You know what that tells me?" I shook my head to indicate no. "It says that you're an exhibitionist. You get off being watched. And that's a great thing for filming. So just think about me and Amanda watching you fuck the shit out of this gorgeous babe. And all the crew. And think about the fact that in a few days, people from all over the world are going to be watching you and her on their computers, playing with their dicks and pussies, wishing they were in your place in one way or another." As she spoke, I felt my jeans tightening, and as her hand snaked down and grabbed me, I realized just how ridiculously turned on I was. I thought of several more objections, but then realized that I just didn't care. I actually wanted to do this.

"Okay. Deal. Help me get ready."

"Awesome!" she exclaimed, breaking into a grin.

She led me back to the bathroom, and she and Amanda both helped me pick out a pair of jeans and flip flops, along with a t-shirt that was tight enough to make me look buff. They sprayed me with sunblock everywhere, and had me ditch underwear when I got dressed. I was advised this would show off my bulge, as well as allow my cock to spring out of my pants when she unbuttoned me. The also dabbed a bit of concealer and makeup on a few of my blemishes, did my hair, and appraised my looks as being camera-ready. From there, I was told how to play to the camera, given some advice about the nature of the shoot, and told to have fun.

As I wandered out to the pool area, a few butterflies returned, but just as I was having a moment of doubt, Daniella came out. She was wearing a yellow bikini that was stretching the limits of what it could contain, her massive tits nearly popping out, and a skimpy thong that completely disappeared in between her large, well-rounded ass cheeks. I noticed she had a couple of small tattoos, and a pierced navel, which contrasted nicely with her beautifully-tanned skin. High heels completed her ensemble, and her legs were sexy and shapely, which has always been a fetish of mine. She flashed me a stunning smile, and came ambling up to me. My butterflies began to be replaced with a longing deep inside, knowing that within a very short period I was going to be fucking this unbelievably sexy creature. "So I hear you're a camera virgin?"

"Yeah," I admitted nervously.

"Don't worry," she said, leaning in a bit and toying lightly at my nipple through my tee. "I'm going to take good care of you, stud."

"Good. I can hardly wait." I was still a touch jumpy, but my horniness was starting to push that down deep within.

"I'm glad," she said with a crooked, alluring little grin. She leaned in, kissed me deeply, gave my cock a quick and playful pass and squeeze, and said "Let's have some fun."

"Save that shit for the camera," Tiff admonished as she walked up. Daniella stuck out her tongue at her, then looked at me and arched her eyebrow as she opened her mouth and ran the tip of her tongue around her lips. I had to remind myself that I couldn't pounce on her right then and there. "Good to see you two will work well together," she added, looking back at me. 

Tiff and one of the camera guys took me aside, and gave me the basic rundown of the scene. There was no real script, just a basic flow, and they would be periodically starting and stopping to get the scene changed or angles different, etc. There were only two cameras, so there would be a bit of cutting. They would tell me when they had enough footage and we could get to the money shot, and in the meantime, just have fun, again. We were instructed to take our places, and as we were ready to begin, she whispered in my ear, "I'm going to be watching every moment, so just make sure you fuck her real good for me. And think about the fact that you're in front of an audience, and there will be tons of people watching this, either wishing they were you, fucking the shit out of that pussy, or wishing they were taking your cock." Oddly enough, though I would have always thought that would make me nervous, it actually got me hot, and I felt my jeans tightening as I began to grow.

*The Scene*

Daniella was lounging in a chair, sunglasses on and getting some rays. "Excuse me Miss?"

"Yes?" she replied, lifting her sunglasses.

"I'm here from the pool service, for your weekly cleaning. Is this still a good time?"

"Ooh, it's the perfect time. Go ahead, I'm going to just catch up on my sun."

"Okay, no problem." I picked up a net and began grabbing the few bits of flotsam out of the pool with the net on a pole. I did this a few times, was admonished to do it a few more while they got a different angle, and then after a few minutes, I was supposed to stop and dramatically drag my forearm against my forehead.

"Are you hot?" she inquired.

"Yeah, it's a bit warm out today."

"Well, feel free to take off your shirt."

"No thank you, I'm not supposed to."

"Don't worry about it, I won't tell your boss or anything stupid like that."

"Okay, only if you're sure though." 

"Mmm, it's fine." I shrugged, and shucked it, throwing it to the side.

"Yummy. Why do they never send me pool guys as hot as you?"

"Ummm...I don't know what to tell you."

"Never mind me, just keep going." And with that, they filmed a few more passes, with her admiring me cleaning the pool with the net. I wondered if this was how pool guys actually did it, but then thought it probably didn't matter, because seriously, who was going to be grading my technique as a fake pool guy? 

"Okay, cut. We're ready to get to it." Moment of truth, I thought. "And action!"

I turned around to her. "Okay Miss, I'm done."

"You are? That was fast."

"Well, it wasn't too bad."

"Mmm. Well, you did a great job." She got up, and sashayed over towards me. I started to feel my blood getting hotter as she walked. "You know, I hear that it's customary to tip the pool man. Is that true?"

"Some people do, but it's not necessary."

"No, no, I want to. You've definitely earned it. But I don't have any cash."

"Then don't worry about it."

"But I want to. I really want to. Maybe..." she trailed off, reaching behind her back, pulling the string of her bikini top and letting her breasts spring free, "I could offer you something else?" she asked as she thrust her chest out towards me and gave me an exaggerated pout. I reached out, cupping her breast and kissing her, making sure to keep my body open to the camera. I dipped my head to take a nipple in my mouth, and she arched back dramatically and groaned. She surreptitiously reached down and tapped my hip to advise me to open myself back up to the view, and I suppressed a grin—this girl really was a seasoned pro, at least more than I was.

She snaked her far hand through my hair, cupping the back of my head, kissed me again, and reached down and stroked my nearly completely hard cock through my jeans. She moaned, then squatted down and put her head even with my crotch. She smiled up at me, licked her lips, and pulled open my top button and fly. My dick sprang out, and she fully freed my length and balls from their denim prison. She reached out, and began slowly pumping me. "That looks yummy," she said before quickly engulfing me in her mouth. Her first few sucks were gentle, but she quickly increased her velocity and suction. After a few, she wrapped her fingers around it again, pumping me with some force, almost rough, then alternating back to the hard sucking. At first, I almost thought it was too hard, but I started to really enjoy it. Plus, I realized that her rough handling of my prick was making me relax, as I didn't feel like I would possibly cum sooner than they wanted me to.

I was starting to really enjoy the sensation, when one of the crew yelled for a cut. A few quick changes of camera position, as some crew member came over and guided me into a different spot, and rapid-fired some directions to me about how she was going to suck me for a few more minutes, then I'd need to go down on her, and quickly we were back in motion. I glanced down, afraid that I may have lost some wood, but was amazed to realize that, no, in fact I was just as hard. Apparently this exhibition thing was working out for me. Who knew?

We got going again, and she changed position a bit, as I first let her suck on me some more. A quick cut, and the director told me to get a bit more forceful, grab her hair and fuck her face with some force. "Is that alright with you?" I asked her nervously. 

"It's fine, I can take it," she said with a grin and some glint in her eye.

When we resumed, that's what I did, reaching behind her head and grabbing a handful, then forcing my entire length down her throat as zealously as I could. She took it like a champ, enthusiastic the whole time, and we just kept going like that for several minutes. Every so often, she'd reach out and grab my prick and pump it, take a few licks down the length, then open up her mouth again and look up at me as if signaling me that she was ready to let me fuck her face again. 

This went on for a few more minutes, and then we transitioned to me eating her out. I tried to put some effort and enthusiasm into it, as I generally enjoy eating pussy and hers was rather nice, with an enjoyable flavor, and shaved completely bald for easy access. She wasn't particularly a squirter or crazy multi-orgasmic, unlike Tif, but she did seem to be getting into it, despite the exaggerated moaning she produced for the effect of the camera.

"Cut!" I was jolted out of my reverie of her pussy. 

"Mmm, you can keep going," she purred.

"No he can't, Daniella, we're ready for the penetration shots," one of the crew guys shot back. I winked at her, went back down to her pussy for a few quick moments, was rewarded by a small shriek of surprise and moan, and then got up and followed the crew.

There were orders called out. We moved to a shot over in the shade, since we were already starting to sweat a tiny bit. Amanda was using a clean hand cloth and some baby wipes to dab a bit of the sweat away, and she sneaked in a few solid sucks of my prick to keep me hard. Quickly, we were being ushered over, with Daniella bent over and leaning against a pillar. Someone asked her if she needed lube, and she replied that she was fine for now. I was instructed to enter her for a few strokes slowly, opening her up, and I savored her reaction as she exhaled and then whimpered a tiny bit as I was told to pull out. More instructions were barked at us both on how to position our hips for the camera, and Amanda again snuck in and gave my aching prick a luxurious suck. "Let's make you look good for the camera," she said with a grin, as she scooted out of the way.

"That's a very nice piece of equipment you have there," Daniella purred at me.

"Um, thank you," I responded, the situation still slightly surreal.

"I think after this, we might need to spend some time together off camera."

"Okay, I'd like that," I said, and I felt my already solid cock hardening even more at the thought.

I was instructed to take her quickly and without any real preliminaries, and action was yelled. I rapidly pushed in, bottoming out, pulled out, and slammed home again. She groaned and pushed her ass back into my crotch. We began to get into a rhythm, rutting back at each other, and I grabbed onto her hips as she tried to get even more of me into her on each stroke. After a couple of minutes of this, a cut was called, and we were repositioned quickly, with her on all fours on a lawn chair, and me again entering her from behind. 

I'd always had a certain curiosity about actors in porn, and if they were indeed having fun. And the answer I found that day was that while there was certainly fun involved, it was definitely work as well. About every few minutes, it seemed, there was a cut and a reposition. From doggy, we went to a modified doggy with one of my feet up on the pool lounger so that my knee was up. Twice during we were advised to reposition so as to allow a more open shot. Next, there was a cut to modified missionary, with me plowing her from my knees and her lounging back with her legs spread. I was enjoying this quite a lot for the view, watching her large and luscious tits bounce and move almost hypnotically. Too soon, it seemed, we were cut again, and as a few crew members lunged in like a pit crew, quickly giving us a sip of water and telling us to reposition so that she could ride me on the lounger. Action again, and then she straddled me and made a big show of putting my cock in. As she rode me aggressively, I had major fun playing with her breasts—I found out her nipples were extremely sensitive and she loved having them sucked. On top of that, I'd never had a girl with such huge tits—even Amanda's giant rack was small in comparison. She crushed me to her chest as I alternated sucking her nipples, and began to move her pelvis at a blinding speed. I braced myself with one hand behind me on the chair, and grabbed onto her waist firmly with the other one as she began to moan with even more dramatic effect, and after about a minute of very intense fucking, I felt her body stiffen and her pussy contract around me. She looked down, kissed me fiercely, and whispered "Thank you. It's usually hard for me to cum on camera." One of the crew yelled cut, and repositioned us into reverse cowgirl, which we did for another few minutes, with a couple of cuts again for camera angle changes, movement of our legs, etc. 

Finally, after a bit, one of the crew yelled out that we were ready for the ending shot. I'd been having fun and not even thinking about cumming, I realized, but knew now I had to soon—not only was it needed for the shoot, but I was starting to get a bit fatigued and didn't want blue balls. Daniela got off me, and grabbed some edible lube, putting it all over her tits. "What do you think, hon, tit fuck and then suck him off?" Tif asked. 

"Yeah, I think that'd look great," she responded. "Come over here, stud," she beckoned, and she applied a liberal amount of lube to my hard prick, giving me her beaming smile again. "I can't wait to see you shoot all over my face and tits. I bet it's going to look hot as hell." As I placed my member in between her wonderfully soft breasts, she wrapped me up in flesh and action was yelled again. I began sawing in and out of her cleavage, enjoying the sensations from her lubed-up rack. She began a string of dirty talk to me I only later realized was designed to raise my temperature and get me to cum hard.

"You like that, stud? Fucking my titties, watching your huge cock disappear in them? I love it. I wanna see you cum for me, baby. I wanna see you shoot your hot spunk all over them, in my face, my mouth, all over me." She paused, leaning down to lick the head of my cock as it poked up through the tunnel of her breasts, then alternated to several hard sucks and purposeful jacking of my cock before putting it back in her tits. "I wanna see you paint me with your cum, empty those balls of all their sweet load, and I'll lick it off your cock, and scoop all of it up and put it in my mouth and swallow all of your hot yummy cum. I'm waiting for it, I want it so bad, are you gonna give it to me? Please give it to me. Cum on me, fucking cum on me already, I need to see and feel it so bad!"

That did it, and I as I groaned my release, she opened her mouth to try and catch my shooting load. I shot hard, hitting her in the forehead, then below her eye, her nose, and a couple of shots neatly on her hanging out tongue. I kept cumming and cumming, hitting her chin, then plastering her chest and breasts with my seed. I actually got a bit lightheaded, and had to slightly reposition my feet to steady myself.

"Yeah baby, god damn!" she exclaimed. "So much cum!" She went to work quickly, using her two fingers to spoon it into her mouth, pulling it from her breasts and chin and nose, until she'd collected a bunch onto her tongue. The camera moved in past me a bit, showing her open mouth with my collected spunk, which she showed off proudly, slightly wiggling her tongue, then swallowing dramatically. She reached out, gave my still turgid member a quick couple of yanks, then took as much of me as she could into her mouth, sucking greedily to get the last bits out of my cock. "So yummy...thank you," she said, reaching down and rubbing my remaining cum all over her tits. "I hope you're the only pool man I ever get from now on."

"And cut!" I heard from behind me. "Great film, you two!"

In a second, Tif was up beside me, handing me a bottle of water. "That was amazing! You shot like a real professional. We're going to have some great footage out of this."

"When does it come out?" I asked between greedy gulps. I hadn't realized how dehydrated I was until now.

"It'll hit the members site next week. Then probably a few of the compilation DVDs down the road."

"Congratulations," Amanda said as she came up beside me, proffering me an energy bar, "you just popped your film cherry."

It started to sink in for me—I had just done real, paid porn. "Wow."

"A little surreal?" Tif asked, sensing my thoughts. 

"A touch."

"You should go clean up," she offered. "You'll need some food and to rest for a bit."

I nodded absentmindedly and walked away from her a bit, trying to locate my clothes, but realized they'd been cleaned up. Amanda came over and handed me a robe, but as I put one arm in, Daniela came up to me, still naked though she had taken time to clean her face of my cum and some of the makeup she had on. "That was great. Thank you for letting me be your first." I was unsure whether I should shake her hand or hug her, but she solved the dilemma by giving me a very lustful hug complete with some hip to hip contact, and a very deep, tongue-filled kiss. She leaned into my ear and whispered "When you've had your dick in a girl, you don't have to worry about appropriate behavior as much." I giggled, and she laughed right after me. "Tif and I have been friends for a long time. I already cleared it with her a bit ago, and she said it was fine to come over tomorrow night. I meant what I said earlier, dying for a rematch without work distracting from enjoying it." And with that, she kissed me again, grabbed my ass, and walked off, giving me a quick glance over her shoulder. I looked up at the sky and wondered how I ever got so lucky.

Amanda came over, hurrying me into my robe, and ushered me inside. She quickly buzzed around the kitchen, throwing me together a sandwich and some iced tea. "You'll need to eat to regain your energy," she said. As I was about to argue with her, I felt the first wave of fatigue hit. "Don't argue with me, you just shot for two hours." Was it that long? "Yeah," she added, seeming to read my mind, as she handed me two ibuprofen, "it doesn't seem that long while you're in the midst of it, but your body is sapped. Eat this and then go take a shower and lie down. Don't backtalk me," she added with a finger in my face to punctuate her point. I obediently smiled and tucked in. As she began to walk away, she looked over her shoulder and grinned at me. "You did great out there. Very hot stuff, stud."
