 Slowly, almost nervously, Linda approached the café. Looking through the window, she could see him sitting at the table, drinking his coffee and casually reading a newspaper as he waited for her.

Linda hesitated at the door and cursed herself silently for her uncertainty. She knew why she was here and she had been looking forward to it for weeks. Well, actually, months would be more accurate but, since that first ice-breaking meeting, circumstances had transpired to ensure this meeting had been delayed again and again. Linda had to almost pinch herself to remind her that this time, it was actually happening.

They had, of course, chatted online any number of times, describing in detail what they would do to each other if the opportunity ever arose and it had become Linda's favourite recurring fantasy.

And that, Linda admitted to herself was the source of her hesitation. Could reality ever live up to her expectations? Might it not be better to savour the fantasy and not have it replaced by some less than perfect reality.

"Bugger!" Linda swore again. If she turned away now she'd never know and she'd almost certainly regret it. She had let him down before, calling off at the last minute and she knew she was lucky to get a second chance. If she backed out again now, patient and understanding though he may be, she was certain she wouldn't get a third.

"The worst that can happen is that it won't be as good as I imagined it would be," Linda said to herself, "But then, who knows, it might be even better and he does come highly recommended." she smiled, thinking about the comments that the other women who had met him had left on his profile page. Hadn't her motivation for joining an adult contact site simply been to get herself some good, uncomplicated, no-strings sex, after all? Her life was too busy for a 'proper' relationship and it had seemed like an ideal compromise when she first joined. Had she not first contacted him because she thought there was a strong possibility that he could provide her with just that?

"Fuck it! What have I got to lose?" Linda asked herself as she reached out to open the door.

"Hi, Linda," he said, rising to his feet and smiling warmly as she approached his table, "Can I get you anything?"

"Uh, hi, Craig," she replied, cursing herself for the note of uncertainty in her voice, "Um, a large Earl Grey, white, no sugar would be lovely."

Linda made herself comfortable as Craig went to place their order. "What the hell am I doing here?" she asked herself again. She caught Craig smiling at her and, despite herself, she smiled back. It occurred to her that, at the very least, she could enjoy her drink and his conversation, nothing else actually had to happen. They both knew why they were there but that didn't mean that anything more than a pleasant chat over a cup of tea had to follow. Of course, deep down, she hoped that something else might develop, she wouldn't have come otherwise but the fact that she could still walk away if she wasn't certain provided her with a degree of comfort.

Absently, she wondered if the other women on the site, or even the men, felt anything like this when they first met someone purely for the purpose of hopefully getting naked and naughty with them. She suspected they must. There was always a certain nervousness attached to 'first times', she felt, no matter how meticulously planned they might be.

"There you go," said Craig, putting her tea down before her, snapping her out of her reverie.

"Thanks," Linda replied, noticing his warm, friendly smile once again and responding in kind.

As they chatted, Linda relaxed and was relieved when she realised that the chemistry that had been present at their first meeting was still present. They talked about inconsequential things; neither of them feeling any particular need to discuss the actual reasons they were there; they both knew why they had met up that evening.

When their drinks were finished, Craig offered to get some more. Linda realised that, if she was going to make her move, this was probably the perfect opening.

"We could do, I guess," she replied, "Or, if you prefer, we could, um, wait and have it at mine. It's only five minutes from here and it won't cost the small fortune that they charge in here."

Craig smiled. "That sounds like a plan," he replied, "And I guess there are other ways I could repay your hospitality."

Linda laughed. "I'm glad you said that, and yes, I'm pretty certain I'll find a way of extracting full payment."

"I was pretty certain that you would," Craig replied, smiling his lopsided smile.

The walk to Linda's house took no more than the five minutes she said it would but Linda was totally unaware of the passage of time. Having made her decision and discovering that Craig was just as keen as she was to move things along, Linda had been lost in a haze of excited anticipation.

"Here we are," Linda announced when they reached her door. In her growing excitement, she fumbled with her keys as she tried to open the door.

Almost as soon as the door closed behind them, Linda's lips were on Craig's. As her tongue explored his mouth, she struggled out of her coat, letting it fall to the floor.

Craig's coat quickly joined Linda's. As they kissed with increasing passion, their hands explored each other's bodies. Linda pressed herself against Craig, feeling his firm body against hers.

Electricity, pulsed through Linda's veins as her arousal climbed higher in response to Craig's touch. "Ohhhh, Craig," she sighed softly, "I... I can't believe this is finally happening. I've imagined this so many times, and now it's... it's really happening"

Craig laughed. "Yes it is," he said as Linda rubbed herself against him, his cock stiffening inside his jeans in response to her blatant display of desire, "It's really happening". 

"Mmmmmm," Linda murmured softly as they kissed again. Their tongues danced in each other's mouths as their passion grew. Linda's hands continued to roam all over Craig's body as he began to stroke her breasts through her blouse, his fingers undoing a couple of buttons. 

Linda slid one hand down the front of Craig's jeans, feeling his stiff cock with her fingers, imagining again what it would feel like inside her. Feeling her juices begin to flow at the thought of having her pussy filled with his warm, hard, thrusting cock, Linda felt another tingle of anticipation as a warm glow spread over her.

Finally, their lips parted. "C'mon," Linda breathed, "Let's go upstairs." Craig nodded and let Linda take his hand as she guided him towards her bedroom.

Without any awareness of how she'd got there, Linda found herself lying on her bed, her blouse lying in a crumpled heap on the floor, Craig's body pressed firmly against hers as they kissed passionately. The bed moaned slightly under their weight as they squirmed together on its surface, Craig kissing the exposed tops of Linda's breasts, teasing her nipples through her bra as she bit on his neck.

As her excitement grew, Linda slid her hand between their bodies, seeking out the growing bulge in the front of Craig's jeans. "Is that for me?" she asked coyly, giving it a gentle squeeze.

"I... uh... I guess it must be," Craig replied, squirming slightly in response to her touch. "Oh good!" Linda said, smiling as her fingers deftly released his zip and wriggled inside.

Craig pressed his lips to Linda's again, kissing her deeply as her fingers stroked his cock. Linda felt his organ growing in her hand and, once again, found herself wondering what it would feel like buried deep inside her. "I suppose you're going to want me to do something about this?" Linda asked, giving his cock another squeeze.

"Well... um... yeah, I guess," Craig replied, rendered almost speechless by the attentions of Linda's fingers. 

Linda smiled then slid down the bed until her face was level with his crotch. She fished his stiff rod out of his jeans then flicked her tongue over the swollen knob. "Was this what you had in mind?" she asked, fluttering her long lashes at him.

"Uh... why, yes. Something like that," Craig stammered.

Holding his shaft lightly with her fingertips, Linda ran her tongue along its length, swirling it over his knob. Craig groaned with pleasure as she employed her mouth to drive him wild. "Fuck, Linda, that's so good," he gasped as her lips circled his shaft, engulfing his knob in her hot mouth. She began to slide her lips back and forth along his length, sucking lightly and flicking her tongue along the underside of his cock. "That's so good, Linda!" he moaned, "You're the best cocksucker I've ever had!" 

"Thanks; but I bet you say that to all the girls," Linda teased.

"Um... Well... Yeah, maybe, I guess," Craig admitted, "But it's still true."

Linda laughed. "Yeah, OK, I guess I believe you," she replied before wrapping her lips around his shaft again.

Linda purred contentedly as she slid her mouth along Craig's cock. She knew she was good but she loved it when the beneficiary of her skills complimented her mid blow-job.

Rocking her head back and forth, Linda's lips slid up and down Craig's pole, her tongue teasing his knob. Sliding her head forward, she swallowed as Craig's swollen knob lodged in the back of her throat and heard him gasp with pleasure. "Oh fuck, Linda!" Craig groaned as her throat tightened around his knob.

Linda wrapped her fingers around the base of his shaft and began to stroke lightly, her fingers moving in tandem with her lips. 

Craig's hips began to surge forward. "I'm getting close Linda," he moaned as he pushed his cock into Linda's mouth. She sucked harder and could taste his pre-cum on her tongue. 

"Oh Linda! Ohhhhh fuck, Linda!" Craig sighed, the pressure for release building. 

Linda slid her mouth back. Circling her fingers around Craig's shaft, just below his knob, Linda squeezed gently, preventing his release as the tip of her tongue teased his slit.

Craig's cock began to twitch. He squirmed, his hips thrusting as the need to release consumed him. Linda kept up the pressure on his shaft, teasing his knob with her tongue, sucking it hard. Craig groaned as the pressure mounted unbearably. Linda could feel his cock begin to pulse under fingers, she sensed the tightening of the muscles in Craig's groin. 

"Please, Linda," Craig moaned, "Let me cum. I... I'm going to explode!"

Linda let her mouth go slack in preparation for Craig's eruption. She slowly loosened her grip on his shaft and instantly felt his seed surge up through his straining cock. 

"Aaaaahhhhhh, fffuuucccckkkkkk!!!!!" Craig moaned as he began firing his cum into Linda's mouth, the sensations of his denied release, painful in their intensity. 

Linda swallowed hard as jet after jet of hot, thick cum flooded into her mouth and down her throat.

As Craig's eruption subsided, Linda let his cum pool on her tongue, savouring its rich flavour before swallowing it down. With his torrent reduced to a slow dribble, she used her fingers to squeeze the last drops into her mouth, teasing them out of his slit with her tongue.

Linda let Craig's spent cock slip from her mouth then stood up, kicking off her shoes. She smiled down at Craig who lay on the bed, breathing hard, trying to recover from his intense climax. "Pull yourself together, lover," she said as she let her short skirt fall to the floor around her feet, "My pussy is in need of some TLC." Linda peeled off her ankle socks before reaching up to unhook her bra. She slid the straps down her arms, freeing her large, firm and full breasts. They jiggled as she bent forward and began to wriggle out of her damp knickers.

Stepping up to the bed, Linda leaned forward, rubbing her breasts against Craig's face before swinging one leg over to straddle him. The bed squeaked below them and Linda giggled as she deliberately rocked back and forth. Craig reached up and pressed her breasts together, leaning forward to flick his tongue over their surface. "Oh fuck, Craig, yes! Lick my tits! Make 'em wet all over!" Linda demanded, grinding her pussy against his recently drained cock.

Coating her breasts with a warm film of saliva, Craig's hands slid easily over their surface. Linda purred contentedly as Craig's mouth explored every inch of her breasts, kissing and licking them, drawing each of her nipples into his mouth in turn and flicking them with his tongue. As she ground her pussy against him, stimulating her clit, the bed squeaked and groaned in time with her movements and a warm glow spread through her body causing her cheeks to blush. 

From the testimonials left by other women on his profile page, Linda was already pretty confident that Craig would be good with his tongue. Very soon, she would be finding out for herself just how good he really was and then her clit would soon be getting all the stimulation it needed. 

Much as she enjoyed the attention her breasts were receiving from his mouth, Linda needed more. Torn between the desire to take things slowly, to give Craig's cock the time it needed to recover and the need to feel his tongue on her clit, Linda surrendered to her need. "I need to cum, Craig," she moaned, "I need to feel your mouth on my pussy! I need to find out if you really are as good as the others say you are."

"I hope I can live up to your expectations," Craig said coyly.

"Ohhh, don't worry. I'm sure you will!" Linda replied, "I've read the comments they've left and we women never lie about important things like these."

Craig laughed then began to slide down the bed, between Linda's legs, kissing her flat stomach as he moved into position. Reaching up, he gripped her breasts with his hands as he settled his face between her thighs. Linda's lower lips glistened with her juices. The scent of her rich nectar filled Craig's senses as he began to run his tongue up the insides of Linda's thighs, pinching her nipples with his fingers, his warm breath flowing over and around her moist folds.

"Eat me! Don't tease me, Craig!" Linda moaned, pushing her hips back, trying desperately to press her pussy against his mouth.

Craig laughed. "In a hurry are we? Have you got someone else waiting?" he teased.

"N... noooooo," Linda moaned, "I... I just want to feel your tongue on my pussy! I've waited too long for this, I... I don't want to wait any longer," she pleaded.

Craig laughed again but continued his slow teasing, his mouth coming close to, but never quite touching Linda's pussy. Linda's complaints became increasingly urgent as her frustration mounted. "Eat my fucking pussy, Craig!" she moaned as the suspense became unbearable. 

Suddenly, without any warning, she felt his tongue graze her moist lower lips. "Ooooohhhhhhh!" she sighed, "Ooohhhhhh yesssss!"

Slipping his tongue between Linda's moist folds, Craig lightly nuzzled her pussy. Her juices flowed out of her tunnel and Craig lapped them into his mouth. His tongue darted in and out of Linda's pussy and she squirmed above him, moaning and sighing with pleasure as the sensations in her pussy spread over her. Craig moved his tongue to Linda's clit, his hands rubbing and squeezing her breasts.

"That's sooooo, good!" Linda moaned, grinding her pussy against his mouth. As his tongue teased her clit, Craig reached down and slid the tips of two fingers into her pussy. "Oooooh Craig!" Linda sighed, pushing back to let his fingers penetrate her more deeply.

Craig twisted his fingers inside her, coating them with her juices. Suddenly, he pulled them out and his hand returned to her breast. Linda moaned as he anointed her nipple with her juices.

Repeating the process with the fingers of one hand, then the other, Craig coated Linda's breasts with her juices as his tongue lashed her clit. "Ohhhhh Craig, I... I love that," Linda sighed as he rubbed her juices into the soft skin of her breasts, "It... it feels sooooo dirty!" Drawing a deep breath, she felt the first rippling tremors of her approaching climax spread through her pussy.

They rolled over. As Craig's tongue lashed her clit, Linda reached down and began pulling his head towards her as she pushed her hips forward. The tip of Craig's tongue flicked her throbbing clit, intensifying her sensations as the contractions spread to her womb.

"Oh fuck, Craig, yesssss! That's it! Don't stop!" Linda cried, struggling to force the words out as her body began to shake. Craig reached up and tugged on her nipples as his tongue lashed her clit, causing Linda to cry out as the pain increased her pleasure. "Ooooooooh, Craig!" she cried, "I... I'm cummmmmmming!" 

Linda's body thrashed. Writhing on the bed, thrusting her hips, she ground her pussy against Craig's mouth, pressing his tongue firmly against her clit. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oooooooooohhhhhhh!" she moaned as she surrendered to her climax.

Slowly circling her clit with his tongue, Craig fed Linda's climax, keeping her at boiling point as she came again and again. Linda moaned and cried out, becoming louder and more vocal as Craig drove her on. As the waves of her orgasm rose and fell Craig hoped that her neighbours were out, he had never known any girl who gave voice to her pleasure as loudly as Linda was doing at that moment.

When Linda could finally take no more, she forced herself to push Craig's head away. She lay on the bed breathing hard, her eyes closed, her body shaking as her climax subsided. "Oh Craig," she sighed, "That was fantastic. Even better than I expected. Those girls on your profile didn't even come close to describing how good you are."

Craig smiled. He stroked Linda's cheek lightly. "Thank you," he said, "It's always nice to know your efforts are appreciated."

"Ohhhh, they were. They most certainly were," Linda replied dreamily.

As her breathing returned to normal and control returned to her body, Linda opened her eyes. She smiled as she noticed that Craig's cock had recovered. "I want us to do it now, Craig," she breathed, "I want to feel you inside me. I want you to fuck me and I want you to fuck me hard!"

Slightly surprised by Linda's frankness, Craig hesitated, glued to the spot. A small frown crossed Linda's face. "Well, what are you waiting for?" she asked testily, "Don't you want to fuck me?"

Craig smiled. "Of course," he replied, "I'm just not used to being told so forcibly," he added.

"Sorry," Linda replied, "I'm like that some times; but I really, really do need a good, hard fuck and I really need it now, so, will you fuck me now? Pretty please?"

Craig laughed. Spurred into action, he quickly undressed. Linda smiled again, holding out her arms to gather him to her as he lay down on top of her. "Oooohhhh, Craig," Linda sighed again, "I really want to feel your lovely big cock inside me."

Craig nodded, smiling. "Your wish is my command," he said as he began to slowly press forward, moaning slightly as he felt the warmth of Linda's juices coat his knob as it spread her lower lips and pressed against the entrance of her pussy. 

"Oh, Craig!" Linda sighed, wrapping her arms around his neck as she felt her entrance stretch around his knob. He began to push in slightly deeper and Linda suddenly tensed. "Ohhhhh, oh stop a second. Sorry. Let me relax a bit," Linda sighed. She made herself relax as Craig kissed her tenderly, the first inches of his cock still inside her, as her hands moved down his back to rest lightly on his buttocks. "Ok," she sighed after a few seconds then kissed him, "Sorry about that. The excitement got to me suddenly. You can keep going now."

Pushing slowly forward, Craig edged in deeper, feeling the walls of Linda's pussy stretch around his shaft until he was fully inside her. "Fuck Linda, that feels good!" he groaned, "It's so warm and tight."

Linda nodded. "Don't move," she sighed, "I want to get used to it. Your cock feels sooooo good inside me." 
