 Author's note: I tend to write a bit slowly, due to schedule constraints and other issues, including my own slight ADD tendencies, having multiple stories started at once, and my own overwriting tendencies that creates long, overly extended chapters. I have more planned and partially written for this, but I need to finish it. In the meantime, this chapter should help fill the gap.

*****

I was walking up to my condo from the parking garage, and wondering what the hell I was going to do for the rest of the day. The morning at work had been occupied by a sales presentation to a new client—something that, as one of the "techies" (I specialize in video and graphic design), I rarely participate in. However, this client was particularly heavy on wanting to understand our technology and our capabilities, so I had spent three excruciatingly long hours listening to a boring sales pitch, followed by only a few minutes where I was actually needed for my expertise. After the last questions, I went to escape for lunch, and when I called my boss/best friend Carl to update him on the meeting, he sympathized and told me to knock off for the rest of the day.

One small problem—it was a Friday, and I had absolutely zero plans. None. All my guy buddies were occupied with either family or girlfriend concerns. My girlfriend Tiffany was in Los Angeles for about 10 days, working on some deals for her production company. Things were going great with her, we were staying over at each other's places most nights, and had even gotten to the "I think I love you" stage, but with her away, I was missing her something awful. I was bored, and oh, so very horny. And though I had a pass to fuck her friend Amanda (it's good to date a girl in porn), I'd already spent one night with her on Wednesday, and I wasn't sure I wanted to bug her again so soon—call it dumb male pride, but I didn't want to seem desperate or lonely, I knew that she had plenty of guys after her. 

I got home, flopped down on the couch, and surfed the net for about an hour on my laptop. You know that phenomenon, where you start off reading the sports page or whatever and pretty soon you start wondering "what was the name of that one actor, the one that was in that film with the guy that was also in that HBO miniseries? Come to think of it, what was the name of that movie? I remember it was based on a book..." and before you know it, you're reading up on everything about some character actor you never really cared about? Yeah, that was my afternoon. I was bored because I knew I had nothing to do at all. I was relieved when the phone rang, and looking down and seeing Tiffany's photo on the caller ID, I smiled.

"Hey baby," her familiar coo came through.

"Hey sexy, what you doing?"

"Meh, not much. Just got done with a production meeting, and I'm done for the day and bored."

"Yeah, me too," I sympathized. "Early day today, so I'm sitting at home surfing the net."

"Fun. You should go out tonight," she offered.

"Wanted to. Carl can't, it's his anniversary. And I also tried to make plans with Eddie, Kevin, Keith, and John, and they're all busy with one thing or another. So I'm bored alone and trying to think of something to do."

"Aww, that sucks. Too bad I won't be back for a few days, or I'd come fuck your brains out."

I groaned into the phone. "Yeah, that'd be very welcome right now. I'm hornier than a motherfucker right now."

"You should call Amanda," she offered.

"Nah, I don't think so."

"Why not?"

"Well, for starters, I already saw her Wednesday night. And she's probably got plans tonight or something, it is Friday, after all."

"You'd be surprised," she countered. "She's not really a clubby type of girl. She's more a homebody or go hang at a friend's house kinda chic."

"Well, still, I saw her Wednesday."

"I heard. She said you made her cum so hard she couldn't remember how to use her legs for a few minutes." 

I smiled at the memory. It had been pretty intense. "Yeah, I just didn't want to come across as needy or something, I guess." Tiffany laughed aloud. "What's so funny?"

"Nothing, just you men amuse me sometimes." I started to object, but she cut me off. "Martin, when a girl has swallowed your cum a few times, you don't have to worry as much about your image with her. Besides, she's your friend. She'd probably just appreciate hanging out with you. And, afterwards, you get the bonus of taking her home and bending that sweet ass over." 

I laughed hard, and spit out "You've got to be the best girlfriend in the history of the world." There was a silence on the other end of the phone. "You okay, babe?" I asked.

"Yeah, I am," she paused for a few moments. "I just thought of something I wanted to say to you, but I'm worried about making you feel uncomfortable." There was a beat of a few seconds, but before I could reassure her, she continued, "How would you feel about a trial run, us moving in together? I miss you when you're not around, and I'd like to see you more. I know it's more of a drive for you for work, and I know you can't just up and sell your place since you just bought it, but maybe we could..."

I cut her off. "I'd love to, Tiff. We'll give it a shot and see how we do with cohabitation, and if it works out, I'll rent my condo out or something."

"Are you sure you want to? I mean, it'd make me very happy, but I don't want you to feel pressured into doing something just because I suggest it."

"I can't think of anything I'd like more. Yes, I'd love to move in with you."

"Thank you," she said softly. "Thank you so much."

"Thank you for asking me."

We chatted for a few more minutes. She caught me up on the last couple of days of her week, bitched about work, I did likewise, and at the end of the call, she basically implored me to call Amanda and spend tonight and as much of the weekend as I could screwing her. "Trust me, she doesn't have a boyfriend right now, and if you don't, she'll just go over to a girlfriend's house and spend the night watching bad TV and eating ice cream. Call her, take her out, and fuck her eyeballs out tonight."

"Yeah, I suppose you're right."

"I know I'm right. Now get off the phone with me and go get that!"

"Okay, fine. I'll talk to you soon."

"Good. Love and miss you."

"Love you too."

"Call her! and bye, baby!" she laughed, and the call ended.

I chuckled, shook my head, and dialed Amanda. 

"Hey!" she answered, sounding genuinely happy to hear from me.

"Hey yourself," I replied. "What are you up to?"

"Running some errands I have to get out of the way. You?"

"Got off work early, sitting around bored. I was wondering if you were doing anything tonight?"

"You asking me out, handsome?"

"Well, if you don't have any plans, then, yes."

"Words cannot express either my lack of plans tonight or how much I would love that," she retorted.

"Really? I'd have assumed you have tons of people trying to get on your dance card on a Friday night."

"No, I just have some Ben & Jerry's waiting for me at home tonight. So yes, what I'm trying to say, is I'd love to."

"Okay, when would you like to hang out, then? And did you have anything you really want to do, or did you want me to just take you out and set the evening?"

"We can just hang out and wing it. I'm not feeling anything too crazy tonight. Well...not until we get back to your place, anyway. I'm thinking home early, late to bed." I felt my cock stir at the thought, and I smiled at my luck.

"Sounds perfect."

"Cool. Listen, I'm actually near you right now, I'm stopping at the Cartel Coffee on 1st and Washington before my last errand. Want to come meet me?" It was within walking distance of my condo.

"I'll head down right now. See you shortly." 

"Sweet. See you in a few minutes." I hung up the phone, did a little victory pose to no one in particular, slipped on shoes, and headed out the door.

When I got to the coffee shop, Amanda was already there, clad in yoga pants and a tank top that, while not indecent by any means, definitely attracted attention on her ridiculously curvy frame. Her face brightened as I strode up, and she called out "Hey sexy! What's up?"

"Me after seeing that outfit. Damn, Amanda." She pulled her top down a bit to give me a nice cleavage shot, winked at me, and stood up to give me a kiss that gave me no doubts that I would be getting laid that night, pressing her luscious body into me tightly.

She broke the kiss, reached behind her, and produced a coffee for me. "Iced coffee, lots of milk, no sugar." I smiled, flattered that she remembered.

"Thank you. Wow."

"You're welcome. Come on, my last appointment is just around the corner." She put her arm around my hip, and we walked out the door.

"Where are we going?" 

"Doctor. I have to get my blood panel test."

"For what?"

"Industry requirement. I get a full panel HIV and STD test regularly to allow me to keep working."

"Oh, okay. Is it like the health department or something?" I had heard they were somewhere downtown. 

"No, I see a private doctor. Much quicker and nicer in all respects. Over here," she indicated, as we walked toward an office building. 

We walked in, and I found a seat in the rather nicely furnished waiting area as she went up to the front desk and checked in. She came sashaying back to me, sat down in the adjacent chair, and began absentmindedly playing her fingers across my leg. After a few moments of silence, as I disinterestedly leafed through a two month old copy of Time and she stared out into space, she looked at me as if she had an idea. "You should get tested, too."

"Why? The only people I've fucked in the last three months have been you and Tiffany. And we always use protection."

"That's my point. I want to fuck you without any barriers between us."

"Oh. I thought we were using them for birth control."

She looked at me like I was oblivious. Which, come to think of it, maybe I was. "Martin. I fuck on camera. Most shoots don't use condoms. You think I want to risk getting pregnant by some random I shoot with?"

"Oh."

"Yeah, oh."

"Um, ok. But I should probably talk to Tiffany about this, too."

I guess I had a look on my face that gave away my feelings. "Oh my god."

"What?" 

"You're falling for her, aren't you?"

"I think so."

"Don't give me that, there's way more there. Spill!" and with that, she advanced toward me and poked me in the chest, a little hard.

"Ow! Easy there!"

"Sorry. But seriously, spill!"

"Well, we were talking right before I called you..."

"Yeah?"

"We're going to give living together a little trial run."

"Oh my god!" she squealed, then looked a little self-conscious, as the few people waiting in the area looked her way. "That is awesome, I'm so happy for you both!"

"Me too."

"Okay, now I definitely have to call her," and she quickly whipped out her phone.

"Hi baby girl!...Yeah, I'm waiting at the doctor's office for my panel test...Fine, fine...Yes, yes he did and he's here with me now...I just figured we'd go out and do something afterwards...yeah...Mmm, definitely...Hey, so, he didn't want to tell me, but I basically dragged it out of him...about your conversation and the moving in...Yes...Yes!...Congratulations, he's a good one...I know...well, you'll just need to feel that out over time. What relationship isn't weird at points or doesn't require some growth...Yeah...No, no, don't worry about that, I'll take very good care of him tonight...I promise...listen, I wanted to ask you something...yeah...I wanted him to get a panel test too, so we didn't have any fears about not using protection...Yeah?!...Yeah, definitely...Yeah...Well, maybe...I know...Yeah, I agree...Well, we'll just see how he feels about that later...I know...Exactly...okay...Well, listen, I won't keep you. No. Okay, bye!...Muah!"

She turned to me. "Yeah, she's good with it." 

"Oh, okay," I responded. I had hoped to talk to her myself, to be sure. Almost on queue, my phone rang. I answered as I saw Tiffany's name pop up on the display.

"Get the test. Fuck the hell out of her tonight and fill that pussy up. And, if you feel like it, her ass, too."

"Um, okay..." I responded, just a bit taken aback.

"I'm serious. I knew you'd want to talk to me yourself. I'm giving you the go ahead. I trust you, and I trust Amanda. Have fun tonight."

"Okay."

She laughed at the tone of my voice. "I love you. I'll see you in a few days. Have fun."

"Love you too."

"Bye gorgeous," and with that, she hung up. I turned to Amanda.

"Okay. I guess I'm getting the test."

"Yay!" she cheered, and went over to the counter, quickly talking to them. They negotiated quickly, I was handed forms to fill out, gave them my insurance card, and was ushered in a few minutes later with Amanda. Blood was drawn, and we waited for several minutes in the room until the LPN came back. We were both given a clean bill of health, and we quickly exited the office.

"Okay, what do you feel like doing now? Are you hungry?" I asked her.

She glanced at her watch. "Not quite yet, it's only 3. I was thinking dinner in a couple of hours or so."

"Okay. Coffee?"

"Mmm, no. I was thinking let's go back to your place, give our new freedom a trial run? Then dinner, and then maybe some more later?" I needed no further coaxing, and quickly grabbed her hand and began the short walk back to my place.

When we got in the front door, she was on me before I even shut it. She crushed her body against me, and as I enjoyed the warmth and softness of her breasts, she kissed me enthusiastically, as I let one hand slide down to her wonderfully flared hips and used the other to bring her shirt up and touch the soft, warm skin of her back. I always reveled at the smoothness of her skin, it seemed to be without an unnecessary dimple or imperfection, and as I ran it upward, I could feel the lack of a bra. "It's built in to the tank top," she said, as she pulled it up and over her head and threw it to the side. I paused for a second as I took them in-they were amazing, large and without sag, and always made me pause in wonder-then dipped my head down and took a nipple into my mouth, enjoying the sharp inhale from her as I sucked it in and gingerly used my teeth in the lightest nibble—a trick I knew drove her wild. She reached out, stroking my hardening cock, reaching into my pants and pulling it out. I groaned, working up to kiss her neck, and made my way back up to her face, trailing kisses slowly until I reached her mouth again. Our mouths crushed again, warm breath and energy flowing between our tongues, until she broke away and bent down to give my stiff member some loving and enthusiastic oral attention. After a minute or so of this, I managed to roll my eyes forward enough to guide her back up to me, kissing her once more as I took the opportunity to hike her pants down a bit and grab her wonderfully fleshy, firm ass. "We should take this into the bedroom," I said, as I reached out for her hand.

"Nuh-uh," she shook her head, as she pulled me toward the couch right by my living room windows. 

"Amanda!" I hissed. "The blinds aren't down! Anybody can see us from there."

"Good. I want them to."

"There's like five or six business buildings with views directly into my living room."

"Martin, my dear, when are you going to figure out that I like being watched?"

"You do?"

"Duh. I'm an exhibitionist. And I have a theory that you are too, underneath it all."

"I don't think so."

"I do. I'll bet you anything that you'll fuck me better and cum harder than you ever have if we give those people a little show. Come on, it's not like we're committing public indecency, they shouldn't be looking anyway. But they will."

Her words gave me pause. I had never done anything overly risky sexually that would get me caught, minus one time when I had sex with a college girlfriend in a park on a picnic table—and that was at night, though it was a public park, and a busy one at that. 

I recalled the rush I had, an amazing and heady one that heightened the pleasure and orgasm, which was quickly abated by the fact that we had to run right after finishing to avoid getting caught by one of the patrolling officers. The thrill was completely killed for me by the fear of going to jail over something stupid and ruining my life before I ever got it started. Since then, I'd generally stuck to dating more conservative girls who didn't like to do "crazy" things in bed, and who I often found a bit less exciting, but I rationalized it by telling myself they were more respectable, the girls you wanted to introduce to your friends, be seen with, etc. Now, here I was, involved in this odd relationship with a girl who fucked for money, fucking her best friend while she was gone, and she was pushing my boundaries, and testing what I was willing to do. And, as I thought about it, I glanced downward, and noticed my cock was inflamed and harder than I could recall it ever being, at least in recent memory. 

As I went to reach out for her, still a bit unsure what to do, she turned around, curling up in the corner of the couch, and shucked her pants. She grabbed on to her feet, and slowly spread her legs wide in a V, trailing her hand along her calf, thigh, and finally, to her pussy. She spread her lips, pushing her finger in, and as I heard her moan and the wet sounds of a pussy that was already obviously lubed and ready to go, she looked me in the eye and said, "Are you going to just stand there, or are you going to come here and give me the fucking I need so badly right now?"

I covered the distance in moments, and before I could bend down, she got up and began blowing me with zeal. She pushed me to the side in order to give the window the best view she could manage. Normally, Amanda liked to tease me a bit with a fluttery tongue and slowly work me up, but instead, she grabbed me by the butt and began pulling as much of my length into her mouth and throat as she could manage. I groaned as she pulled me deeper, and as I looked down, I saw her steadily working my length down, and was amazed as the last 1 1/2 inches of my cock disappeared down her throat as she moaned deeply, vibrating every millimeter of my shaft. I was transfixed as she slowly used her throat muscles on my head, and then pulled off to where just the tip remained between her lips. "Oh god, you taste good," she intoned lowly, before pushing back quicker, taking me fully again. She pulled back a bit faster, then quickly swallowed me again with a zeal that made a circus sword swallower seem like a rank amateur. 

"Holy shit," I muttered.

"Oh, we're just getting started, babe," she said, smirking up at me. And with that, she quickly gobbled me down again, beginning to get into a steady, almost locomotive-like rhythm. I was feeling the effect of her attentions, but didn't want to let myself get too carried away, lest I lose my control too quickly. Luckily, right as I was about to say something, she withdrew me from her mouth. "Come fuck me."

"But I haven't tasted you yet."

"It doesn't matter, I'm dying for cock right now. You can eat me out next round." And she grabbed me and guided me over to the couch, sitting me down. I sat back on the side section of the L-shaped sofa, and she immediately climbed on top of me, lined her pussy up with the head of my cock, and sank down hard. I groaned as she did, because I wasn't used to being so suddenly enveloped in pussy, plus she was tight as I had ever felt her and her cunt was absolutely flooding my crotch with moisture. "Fuck, you're so goddamn hard..." she muttered, and she kissed me with a fire that was intense even for her. "I'm not used to you feeling this big in my pussy, but I kind of like it," she panted, and began riding me with earnestness, and within a minute we were going hard enough that I felt like I was rattling! I was used to this girl being a wild and intense fuck, but this was a gear I wasn't used to seeing, except the couple of odd times I had seen her in one of her films, and I had always assumed that was kind of an act. But, here we were, giving the fine people of Wells Fargo's Southwest HQ a show, as well as the electric company, another investment tower, an insurance office, and a handful of other places a thorough show. I reached around her hips, steadying her as I took a nipple into my mouth and bit gently, and as she reared her head back, she looked out at the buildings across the way and tapped me on the shoulder. "Look! Look baby, we have an audience!" Sure enough, three different groups had gathered in the bank tower, a handful of people apiece, staring down in wonder at our show. 
