 He was damned if he was going to speak to her.

They rode alone in the dark, each wrapped in the stony silence peculiar to feuding couples. The party had started off well, till she started flirting with that little prick from Accounting. He knew she did it just to tease him. Sometimes it worked, but he wasn't in the mood tonight, and she knew it.

She'd tried a couple of light comments which fell flat in the silence of the car. At some level he knew that he was enjoying being angry. Things had been so busy in their lives for the past week or so, she'd barely touched him, and now she's laughing at Simmons' jokes, lightly touching his arm, giving him the full hundred-watt smile? Bitch.

They pulled onto the well-lit motorway. Only another 45 minutes of this and he could get home and hide in his study. Maybe get online and do some chatting. Yeah, in one of those sex rooms. That'd teach her.

Out of the corner of his eye he saw movement in the passenger seat. He cut his eyes over at her, quick and angry, and saw her peeking up at him with a mischievous look. She was unbuttoning her blouse, slowly, exposing the black lace bra.

Well, damn if that was going to work. It was just a little late for flirting. If she thought the sight of her breasts would make him forget his anger, she was wrong. They were very nice breasts… but no, he had principles. There was a point to be made here. He set his jaw and refocused his eyes squarely on the road.

Still….hard not to see out of his peripheral vision. The inside of the car was well -- if intermittently --illuminated by passing streetlights as well as the headlights of oncoming cars. He knew from the motions of her hands and red-tipped fingernails that she was stroking her nipples through the smooth satin of her bra cups.

In spite of himself, he felt his cock perking up in attention, and willed himself to think about other things. That report he had due. Or the electric bill. Anything to distract himself from her legs, which had now spread fairly wide as she leaned against the far side passenger door. Occasionally she reached down and stroked the surface of her panties.

As he passed one car and met another, he realized that she was exposed to anyone looking into the interior of the car -- large breasts pulled out over her bra cups and her graceful legs parted for easy access. He turned to angrily tell her to behave and pull herself together, but the full vision that met him stopped his voice before it ever formulated the words.

She was massaging her breasts now, looking clearly at him, and sneaking one silk-clad leg along the seat to rub up against his thigh.

Resolutely, he put his attention to the dark road again, trying to ignore the small foot playing with him, rubbing over his groin. It was impossible to hide his erection from her now, as he had swollen to full length. His cock throbbed painfully under his jeans, seeking release.

His cock was telling him that his girlfriend was playing with herself, half naked as they drove through the night. His cock insisted, eager to be let out to play. His cock was trying to cloud his judgment. Why was he angry? He shook his head to clear it, and struggled to remember.

He felt a rustle as she repositioned herself, kneeling toward him on the front seat. He gasped to feel her hand opening his fly. God, no, she couldn't do this here. What if the cops stopped them? What if a truck passed by? He was clearly visible on the well-lit motorway, and now she was pulling his erection out of his briefs, exposing the swollen head to the light and air.

This really must stop, and he was going to tell her so, just as soon as they passed the next exit. Just as soon as she stopped caressing the head of his cock. He felt her hand snaking down between his legs and firmly rubbing his balls, which were aching by now. He pushed, trying to get more friction against her hand.

He was panting now, concentrating on keeping the car between the lines. There was something he really meant to tell her, what was it? Oh, yes, to stop. Yes, she really must stop. Very soon.

He felt her wet, hot tongue lapping the precum off his slit and a loud groan escaped him. 

"Keep driving, or I'll stop," came a soft voice filled with laughter.

The warm mouth enveloped the head of his cock, licking and sucking now. Slowly, teasingly, keeping him hot and aroused, but not enough, never enough. Soft tongue flicking over the tip, then swirling around the head, then blowing hot air on him till he cried out in frustration. She teased him for miles and miles, keeping him hard and leaking but never satisfied. He longed to be able to thrust fully down her throat, to feel her lips close tight around his shaft, to feel her soft fingers teasing his balls and ass, but the confines of his trousers -- not to mention the demands of driving -- limited both of their movements.

He reached over and fondled her breasts, hanging down as she kneeled over him. Oh, God, he couldn't do this - the feel of her nipples, her wet tongue tormenting the head of his cock, this was unbearable. He didn't want to do this, he wanted to be angry, he wanted to be alone, he wanted to spurt his hot cum all over her face, into her pussy, into her ass…Christ, this so was not a safe way to drive.

A soft voice drifted up to him. "Remember that rest stop at Exit 340? The one with the little private picnic areas?"

His cock stiffened almost unbearably, and another moan escaped him. They had once had incredible sex there while on an outing; it was a scene that still haunted his fantasies. The exit was coming up, and he pulled off so erratically that it was fortunate that the service road was deserted. He sped into the park at full speed. The brakes squealed as he pulled into a spot behind some trees and jerked the key out of the ignition. Opening the door without buttoning his fly, he was illuminated by the rooftop light for a moment, leaping out with his cock bobbing, erect and protruding from his trousers. He dragged her to her feet, half naked and laughing, and slammed the door. 

Gripping her soft ass and turning her away from him, he then slammed her against the side of the car.

She moaned as he pulled her wet panties off and clawed her miniskirt up around her waist and out of the way. His cock had been teased for over a half hour now, and he roughly parted her cheeks, slamming his way into her tight pussy.

He sighed in satisfaction as he heard her sharp cry of passion, pushing into her wet flesh. Oh yes, this was it, so wet and warm, welcoming him in. His full balls slapped against her soft buttcheeks with each stroke. They were both groaning and straining together now, neither giving a damn if their sounds of passion could be heard from the nearby carpark. So much teasing had left them each close to climax, and she was squeezing her muscles to pull him deeper in with every stroke.

He realized that they weren't alone. Off to the side, skulking in the dark twenty yards away or so, he saw a couple of teen-aged boys, staring open-mouthed at the scene they'd come across. In the midst of his aching need, he didn't give a damn. Even better, this was just what she deserved after her display at the party. He'd really put her on display.

He heard her gasping, "please! please!" and clenched his ass, driving into her as hard as he could. His cock had never been so deep, never so hard, and the feel of her tight channel around him was curling his toes, bringing the orgasm up from deep in his thighs. Her moans were driving him on now, and he gripped her breasts from behind, urging her to orgasm as the sperm rose, hot and demanding, in his balls. Both the boys were jerking off now as they watched, and he relished the sight of them watching him fuck his girlfriend. Especially since she didn't know. Didn't know that her moans were not only for him. Didn't know how her white ass was exposed, how her full dangling breasts could be clearly seen, shaking with each thrust.

He tried to make it last as long as possible, knowing they were giving a show. She'd already come once around his hard dick, making her pussy all the wetter and sweeter. As usual, she was hotter after her first orgasm, and she writhed around him, rubbing her gorgeous asscheeks all over him and taking his cock in at every possible angle. 

Her needy groans filled the air, "please, please, more, harder" and his vision went black, all was sensation, hard cock in wet pussy, more more more. He knew he was going to shoot soon, fill her pussy with his seed as she gushed over him. He felt the contractions in her womb as she climaxed, and he arched and spurted, shooting his spunk into her in repeated, forceful shots as she came around him. Their groans filled the air as they climaxed together, pumping and fucking until they were spent, falling together to the hard pavement as their legs gave way.

Twenty yards away, unnoticed, two teenagers came at the same time, hot young hands stroking, shooting their cum into the dark while they watched in awe. It was a night they'd never forget.

*****

After some peremptory cleaning up and a few passionate make-up kisses, he got her back in the car, and took his place behind the wheel. As they reentered the highway, she looked at him tentatively and softly said, "I'm sorry I made you mad."

"It's ok. You made it up to me," he responded. Perhaps one day he'd tell her about the boys.