 Reb smacked the alarm clock, shutting off its loud beeping. Dammit, she thought, why did I volunteer to run OT on a Saturday morning and why did I drink so much last night! Reb managed to pull herself out of bed and stumble out to the living room. There was her husband passed out drunk.

"Damn," she murmured. Reb was hoping for a quickie before work. She was still a little buzzed; alcohol made her horny and there was a fire between her legs. Reb looked outside at the snow and thought it was just as well he's not awake. It looks like it's going to be a hard drive to work. These people better show up.

Reb gathered clothes for work. She was going to wear the jeans she wore yesterday but she spilled beer on those. No other clean pants meant she had to wear her denim skirt. Well that's going to be fuckin cold, Reb thought as she gathered her clothes and made her way to the bathroom. 

Reb turned on the shower and stripped off her clothes. She looked at her naked body in the mirror. Her eyes traveled up her long legs, past the brown patch of fur covering her mound, the slight tummy she could never seem to get rid of and her slightly sagging 40-year old breasts. No wonder he drank himself to sleep, Reb thought, I wouldn't want to fuck me either. Reb climbed into the shower, letting the water cascade down her body before grabbing the soap to wash. 

She washed quickly till she ran the soap over her sensitive mound. The touch sent a jolt threw her need pussy and caused a low moan. She resisted the temptation to shove her fingers inside her or rub her sensitive little clit. Reb rinsed off, got out of the shower, dried off and dressed quickly to stave off the temptation to masturbate.

It was cold outside and the blast of cold air woke Reb out of her constant thoughts of sexual gratification. She cleaned the snow off her SUV and started off for work. It wasn't long before the need between her legs was on her mind again. Once on the highway, Reb pulled up her skirt, pushed her panties to the side and began to finger her swollen clit. However, the road conditions were too bad and she had to stop to concentrate on driving.

Reb finally pulled into the parking garage and found only one other vehicle there. It really wasn't all that unexpected but she was still pissed she made the trek in only to have to turn around and leave. Reb made her way into the office to find Ryan at his desk. Of course he would make it. He was one of those perverse people that liked driving in the snow with that big 4x4 truck of his. 

"Morning Reb," said Ryan. "I brought donuts."

"Thanks," she said. The thought of food turned her stomach though.

Ryan looked at her with concern, "you alright?"

"Yeah, I stayed up drinking last night. I'm still a little buzzed." Reb sat down at her desk.

"Do you need anything," Ryan responded.

Reb sighed, "Could you get me some water out of the vending machine. I really don't feel like walking to the end of the hall."

"Sure can," Ryan answered, "though I'll have to go downstairs. I was already down to this machine, there's no water in it." He got up and headed to the cafeteria. 

Once Ryan was out of sight, Reb's attention turned back to her needy little pussy. The fire was growing since she couldn't satisfy the need in the car. Ryan would be gone for a good 10 minutes, plenty of time to finger herself to an orgasm. At least enough of one to calm her need till she got home. 

Reb put her feet on her desk, pulled her skirt up and spread her legs. She reached down, pushed her panties aside and slipped a finger into her wet pussy. She stifled a groan as she moved her finger to her clit and began rubbing herself. She needed a quick release. A vision of her bent over her desk with Ryan fucking her from behind popped into her head. Her finger moved furiously over her sensitive bud. The rest of the world fell away and Reb was lost in the sensations emanating from her womanhood. 

Lost in her fantasy and self-gratification, Reb didn't hear the office door as Ryan returned. She didn't hear his approach either. What she did hear was Ryan's shocked exclamation when he saw Reb fingering herself. "Holy shit!" His eyes immediately focused on her soft thighs and moved to the wet, pink folds of Reb's beautiful pussy.

Reb's hand froze and her eyes flew open to see Ryan standing in front of her desk. His eyes and mouth were wide open. There was no use trying to explain or hide what she was doing. Ryan had a bird's eye view of her crotch and what she was doing. There was also no hiding what was happening in Ryan's pants. His cock was instantly hard and bulging his pants. 

Reb saw the bulge. Between seeing his excitement, knowing he watched her masturbate and the built up sexual frustration Reb was uncontrollably horny. Reb pulled her hand away from her pussy, straightened her panties, took her feet down off the desk and pulled her skirt down. "Ummm...sorry about that. Thought I'd be done before you could get back up here."

"No...no problem," stuttered Ryan, snapping out of his trance. He reached down to adjust his hard cock in his pants and sat down next to her. "It was a nice show though."

Reb laughed, "Right, I'm sure that just got you all horny. Seeing my old, naked pussy."

"Actually," Ryan said cautiously, "it did."

Reb looked down to see his bulge was still very visible in his pants. "That's just because you saw pussy and me fingering myself. If you saw me completely naked your cock would go limp in a second."

"Doubt it, you're a beautiful woman," said Ryan.

"You think so?" Reb's mind was overcome with lust and visions of her fantasy about Ryan. That is a nice looking bulge she thought. "Ok, I'll make you a bet. I'll take off all my clothes so you can see my body. If your cock is still hard, I'll give you a blowjob...I'll even swallow."

Ryan looked at her skeptically. "What do you get if my cock does go limp?"

Reb thought for a moment and then blurted, "you have to eat my pussy till I tell you to stop. Deal?"

This would be a win-win for Ryan. He longed to see Reb naked and he'd either get a blowjob or he'd get to taste her sweet pussy. Either way, a win! "It's a deal!"

She was shocked at first but it quickly turned to nervousness and then excitement. Reb looked around and saw the frosted glass wall of the meeting room behind her desk. "In there."

Reb grabbed the sash from her coat and led Ryan into the room. "Leave the lights off. If security walks by they won't know we're in here."

"How am I supposed to see you?"

Reb pulled out a chair and turned it to face the glass. "There should be enough light coming through the glass for you to see me. Now, take off your pants and underwear."

"Why," Ryan replied.

"So I can see your hard on," replied Reb. She thought that would be the end of the bet but Ryan had his pants and underwear down around his ankles in a flash. S...sit here," Reb stuttered as she got her first glimpse of Ryan's hard cock. Ryan sat down and watched as Reb took his hand, placed his arm on the armrest of the chair and tied his right wrist to the chair with her sash.

"Hey, what are you doing," Ryan exclaimed.

"I'm just making sure that gorgeous erection isn't helped by any manual stimulation." The lights outside the room reached just far enough in that she could see the full details of his hard cock and she liked what she saw. When Reb finished tying Ryan's right wrist to the chair she pulled his belt from his pants and tied down his left wrist. She had to resist the urge to swallow his cock right then-n-there. "Ok, that should hold you. Still want to do this?"

"Of course," Ryan smiled.

"Ooook," Reb replied, "you asked for it." Reb took her place by the windows so Ryan could see her body. She decided to take her clothes off as fast as she could so she could get this over with. First Reb pulled off her sweater, shirt and unclasped her bra, pulled the straps down and revealed her breasts. Her nipples where hard and ached to be touched, sucked. Ryan saw her hard nipples and her cock jumped. He thought about licking and sucking on them.

Oh shit, thought Reb, his cock just jumped. He's really aroused. "aaaahhhh...Should I stop?" Reb was beginning to think this wasn't a good idea.

Ryan replied, "No, I'm still waiting to see what part of your beautiful body is supposed to make me go limp."

Reb gulped but she continued by unzipping her skirt and allowing it to fall to the floor. She stepped out and kicked it aside. Reb stood there in her white cotton panties, which were now soaked with her juices, for his inspection. "Should I stop now?"

"No," Ryan smiled, "keep going." His cock was throbbing, pre-cum oozing from the tip.

Reb hesitated for a moment before slowly moving her hands to her panties and pushing them over her hips before letting them fall to the floor. She stood in the in the dim glow naked for Ryan's hungry eyes. There was no doubt he won the bet. His cock was still throbbing. Reb's heart was beating fast. Was it possible he actually finds me attractive, thought Reb. It made her feel good inside that a young guy would find her so attractive to be that aroused. Been a long time since I've seen a man react like that to my body, Reb thought. "You win. I'll pay up," she said.

Reb moved forward and untied Ryan's wrists. "Reb," Ryan said, "you don't have to do this if you don't want to. I don't want you to feel you have to because of our bet."

She was touched, but she found that it made her want to do it even more. "I know I don't have to, but I want to Ryan," Reb took his hand, "come back here." She led Ryan to the back of the room, the darkest part of the room.

"Lay down," Reb said. Ryan lay on the floor. His hard cock didn't lose any length. Reb kneeled next to Ryan and leaned over his twitching cock. Ryan watched as Reb ran her tongue up his shaft and over his head, tasting the pre-cum that leaked out. Reb swallowed the pre-cum and then engulfed his manhood. He moaned at the feel of her hot, wet mouth surrounding him. She sucked his head and pulled off, making a slurping noise as his cock left her mouth. Reb did it again and again and again. It was driving Ryan crazy.

Reb took his cock in her hand, ran her tongue down over his head and shaft and over his big balls. She took turns sucking his big, sensitive balls in her mouth. The teasing was making Ryan squirm. Reb teased him for several minutes before she released his balls and ran her tongue back up his shaft. As her tongue reached the head of his cock, Reb licked the fresh pre-cum from his head before devouring his hard rod again.

Her pace was faster this time. Reb was jacking the base of his cock while her mouth moved up and down his pole. Ryan was thrusting his hips up to meet her downward stroke; he wanted to shove his entire cock in her mouth. The slurping sounds of Ryan's cock moving in Reb's mouth were joined by his moans. He knew he wasn't going to last much longer but he didn't want it to end with his orgasm.

Ryan moved his hand between Reb's legs. He moved slowly as he slipped a finger between her wet labia. Reb's pussy was dripping with excitement. Ryan found her engorged clit and began rubbing the sensitive bud. Reb moaned on his cock but she didn't stop sucking. They moaned in unison as they pleasured each other. Ryan began to buck his hips wildly as his cock swelled. Reb moved her hand and sucked Ryan's cock deep into her mouth. She sucked as hard as she could while Ryan fucked her mouth. Ryan's body stiffened and he pushed his cock deep in her throat as he shot his huge load. Reb swalled the big shot of cum easily.

When Ryan finally relaxed, Reb sucked the final drops of cum from his cock before releasing it from her mouth. Ryan's fingers had stopped while his orgasm overtook him but he had started again while she milked his cock. Reb was moaning as Ryan fingered her clit. "Yes, oooh pleeeease," Reb begged, "I need this badly!"

Ryan was glad to hear that. "How about you lay down here and I'll return the favor."

Reb didn't argue and she moved quickly, afraid he'd change his mind. She spread her legs as Ryan lay between them. Reb got goose bumps when she felt Ryan's hot breathe on her sensitive labia and moaned low when she felt his tongue against her tender womanhood. Ryan began flicking her wet bud with the tip of his tongue. Reb moved her hands to his head, urging him on. He obliged by sucking her engorged clit into his mouth. Reb's moans became increasingly louder as Ryan drug his tongue over her clit as he sucked.

"Aaaaagh, shit yeah...faster...eat that pussy," Reb moaned. Her body was squirming as he sucked and licked. Ryan didn't want to give her just a temporary fix; he wanted to totally satisfy her needs. He slipped a finger into her slick love tunnel, then two, then three. Reb's pussy was stuffed as he began to finger fuck her. "Fuck yeah," Reb said, practically screaming now, "Make me cum...finger that wet cunt and make me cum!!"

Ryan followed orders and pounded her pussy with his fingers while he sucked and nibbled her clit. Reb's hips were bucking so hard and fast it was all Ryan could do to keep her clit in his mouth. The pressure of her hands on the back of his head grew as Reb got closer to her release. Ryan reached with his free hand and pinched an erect nipple. That was all it took to push Reb over the edge.

Reb's body stiffened, she clutch handfuls of his hair and howled "OH FUCK YES" at the top of her lungs as her orgasm ripped through her body. Ryan couldn't move his hand from deep inside Reb but he kept sucking her pulsing clit as she rode out her orgasm.

Ryan felt the walls of Reb's tight pussy relax as did her thighs against his head. Reb pulled on the fistfuls of hair to pull Ryan from her sensitive pussy. "Holy fuck," she said as her chest heaved, "gotta stop though." Reb released his hair and Ryan crawled up her body. His cock was back to full staff and was resting against her wet slit. "I see someone is back for more," Reb said as she ground her pussy against his hard rod.

"Yes he is," smiled Ryan, "that is if you'd like more."

Reb smiled back, "I would. Give me a couple minutes to catch my breath though."

Ryan rolled off to lie next to Reb, "Fair enough." That's when Ryan heard the door to the office floor slam. "Shhhh...I think someone came onto the floor." He was right. They both saw a pair of feet walking by the meeting room. It was security checking to see if anyone came in. The feet walked away, the lights went off and they heard another door slam.

"I think we should get out of here quick," said Reb.

Ryan grabbed for his clothes and began to dress. "I think you're right."

Reb began to dress, "I know a place nearby we can go to finish what we started...and we won't be disturbed."

Ryan smiled. He thought his chance has passed. He was glad it hadn't. "Sounds good." They finished dressing and tentatively peek out the door to see the area was clear. They grabbed their jackets and hurriedly made their way to the parking garage.