 It had been a typical English grad student party. About 8 of us had sat around and eaten snacks and drunk—soft drinks, beer, wine, and harder liquor. We weren't picky. We trashed our teachers, trashed our courses, trashed culture in general and told some obscene jokes. Like I said, a typical party for English students in their mid-20's who thought they were going to be teachers. 

I liked these get-togethers because that year, I was the only guy in the program who came to the parties. It wasn't really a sexual feeling, but I liked being surrounded by 6 or 7 women and they seemed to accept me as one of them. I was surprised at how filthy they talked—truck drivers got nothing on them. 

There was one other guy there that evening—Mark somebody. He wasn't a student but he was the boyfriend of one of the girls. He was a little uncomfortable—he didn't speak the language, didn't get the inside jokes, so he and Jennifer left about midway through the evening. Around midnight other people started to get ready to leave.

The party had been at Kelly's apartment and I offered to stay and help her clean up. She said she would give me a ride home. I didn't live that far away—about 10 minutes walk across campus, but it was a cold night, and I was glad of the offer. There was nothing going on between us—but I hoped there might be. Of all the girls at the party that night, Kelly was the one that most attracted me. I liked them all, but it was all just friendly. But it seemed that Kelly liked me too. Several times during the evening she had found a way to touch me on the forearm and she had sat next to me the floor when we were playing Trivial Pursuit even though we weren't on the same team. A few times our eyes met in a moment of understanding. These are all good sign—touching on the forearm, eye contact—that a girl is interested in you.

It was already past midnight by the time everyone had gone, and we cleared up the cans and bottles and glasses and other dishes and carried them to the kitchen. I washed the dishes while Kelly dried and stacked them. I washed out a big glass bowl that had held Chex mix and after she dried it, Kelly said, "I'm going to put this back up on top of the cupboard where it goes. Will you hold me so I don't fall?" Another excellent sign that a girl has something on her mind— asking you to touch her.

She stood on the countertop and reached above her head to set the bowl up on top of the cupboard. I put my hands lightly on her hips. My line-of-vision was directly into the back of her knees and I noticed that she had on shiny Lycra pantyhose or stockings.

Kelly was wearing a blue skirt that came to just above her knees and I had nice glimpse of the back of her legs as well. She was plump—big around the waist and hips and that made her skirt hang like a bell with her legs as the clapper. When she stepped down from the counter on to the chair, I continued to hold her hips, then I took her hand and helped her step all the way down to the floor. When she stepped down she was toe to toe with me and had her hands on my arms.. If she had leaned forward two inches her boobs (big ones ) would have oppressed against my chest. She looked up at me and I could tell that she was getting ready to kiss me. She leaned forward—and the doorbell rang. Damn!

Kelly put a finger to her lips indicating I should be quiet, and walked out of the kitchen to answer the door. I heard a woman's voice and I wondered who it was. I thought I recognized it as Delorah's, but I wasn't sure. Delorah was in the department and had been one of the last to leave Kelly's house. She was a nice enough person but not nearly as attractive as some of the other women—she was fairly tall, but thin as a pole. I heard Kelly laugh and then I heard the door close.

"Who was that?" I inquired when Kelly re-entered the kitchen.

"It was Delorah and she was looking for you."

"Me?" I was surprised. "Why?"

"Good question," Kelly smiled. " I think she wanted to jump your bones. She said she wondered if you had already left and said she would take you home if you were still here. I asked her whose home, hers or yours, and she turned red. I teased her by saying I'd call you and tell you to go over to her apartment. She whispered that she had a nice warm bed that you could sleep in it any time you wanted."

"She did not!"

"Oh yes she did—didn't' you notice she had the hots for you at the party tonight?"

Come to think of it Delorah had been unusually attentive and had given me a couple of "accidental" glimpses up her skirt, but since it was medium length I hadn't really seen too much. I also remembered that she had squeezed in next to me on the couch when there were already three of us sitting there.

"Do you want me to run you over there—I'm sure she'd let you in—and I mean all the way in," Kelly teased me.

"Hmmm, I don't think so—she's a little on the skinny side for me—I've got a broomstick with bigger tits than her at home."

"That's a cruel remark—but true and funny," said Kelly, laughing. "Now, where were we?"

"Well, before we were so rudely interrupted by "Desperate Delorah" we were right here." I stepped close to Kelly—so close you could barely slide a piece of paper between us. "And your lips were only millimeters from mine," I whispered."

"Oh yeah,," she breathed, "like this."

And she moved her face towards mine and brushed her lips ever so lightly against mine.

"That was nice," she said in a low voice, " can I do it again?"

"You can do it as many times as you want," I whispered back.

She pressed her body against mine and kissed me longer and harder.

"That was nice," I said, quietly, " will you do it again?"

"I'll do it as many times as you want," she promised.

Suddenly our arms were around each other, holding each other tightly, and our tongues were busy, exploring the other mouths, nibbling, kissing, licking and getting us both hot and excited. Kelly started pushing me back out of the kitchen, eagerly French kissing me with every step. We moved backwards to the living room where we both collapsed on the couch. All the time, our hands were roving over each other's bodies. She was rubbing my thighs, and trying to get her hands on the bulge in my jeans. I was cupping and squeezing her rounded ass cheeks while trying to nuzzle her boobs.

"Hold on,» she gasped at last. "Let's do this slow and sensuously—I want to enjoy every detail."

"Kelly, I want to give you multiple orgasms—the question is, where do I start?"

But she was already pulling off her top—a purple sweater that was fairly loose and came off easily. Quick as a wink, she had unsnapped her black lacy bra, pulled it off, and was cupping her gorgeous tits, holding them towards me. "Start here," she said, breathlessly, "unless you've got a broomstick at home with bigger tits." 

"God, no," I said, "I've never seen such delicious breasts in my life." And they were magnificent. I'm not good at bra sizes, but I'm sure they must have been DD, and when I put my hands on them they filled them up and spilled over the edges—they were like small cantaloupes. Even though they hung down low on her chest because of their weight, they were firm and plump and ready to be eaten. The nipples were a very light pink color. The aureoles were big—as big as the bottom of a teacup, but the nipples themselves were rather small—small but long. I had never seen such long nipple. And they were begging me to suck them, lick them, and nibble them, begging me to give them enormous oral pleasure. Which I did.

I spent a long time on Kelly's nipples, because I knew that I was making her cunt wet. At the same time I was using one hand or the other to caress her silky legs. She had her head back and her eyes closed and she was whispering things like "don't stop, oh god, yes, lick me, lick me, oooooh, oh baby, tongue my nipples, you're getting me so hot…" Things calculated to drive me wild.

"I'm gonna cum for you—keep sucking my nipples," she said. She shifted a bit on the couch and pulled her skirt up, revealing the plumpness of her thighs and belly and the soaking crotch of her panties. Her hand went directly to her cunt and she pushed aside her panties, and immediately stuck two finger into her love-hole. So much for taking it slow. She slid her fingers rapidly in and out of her cunt, and in seconds, she was moaning and twisting, obviously enjoying the first of her orgasms. I didn't keep sucking her nipples--- I was too busy watching her finger her self to orgasm. When she stopped sliding her fingers in and out of her cunt, I grabbed her hand and licked her dripping fingers. I was going crazy—I wanted to take her whole tit in my mouth, I wanted to suck her juice-covered fingers, I wanted to stick my tongue deep I her cunt, I wanted to fuck her brains out, and I wanted to continue to stroke her legs which were covered in silky nylon. I didn't have enough tongues and hands and cocks to do every thing to her that I wanted to. But I had to start somewhere.

I pushed her legs further apart and rubbed my cheek against her nylons as I pushed my face into her crotch. She held her panties to one side as I stuck my tongue in between her pussy lips and started lapping up her cunt juice. "Oh yeah baby, tonguefuck me—put it in deep!" she ordered me. 

I was quite willing to obey whatever orders this sex-bomb would give. I didn't want to take off my jeans yet because I was afraid that one look from her lust-filled eyes would make me explode and spray my cum all over her—not a bad idea actually, but I wanted to save my orgasm for when I was deep inside her pussy. Anyway, I was busy getting her ready to come again with my pussy-licking activity.

Even though I was dying to cum, I licked slowly, up and down her slit, and then sideways, then tonguing her clit, then poking my tongue into her open hole. Soon my face was covered with the sweet honey from her cunt. It wasn't long before she pushed my face away from her honey-pot and said in a strangled sounding voice, "fuck me."

I pulled off my clothes as he got on her knees on the couch and put her hands on the arm of the sofa. "Take me from behind baby—I want you to fuck me from behind!" I looked at her plump round ass sticking up and her nylon covered legs, and the pink, wet slit of her pussy and I moved into position behind her, but not before sticking my tongue deep into her cunt. Then I slid my aching cock onto her tight wet pussy, sliding slowly all the way in. When I had buried my cock in her wet honey-box, I leaned over her, cupped her tits, and pushed forwards. She gave a deep groan. "Oh yeah—fuck me slow and deep!"

Which is what I did. I slid slowly all the way in and just when I thought I was in as deep as I could go, I gave a push and slid in a little deeper. Then I slid my cock slowly out of her pussy, ever so slowly, until just the head was inside her cunt. I slid in and out, just about a half an inch—teasing her cunt until she begged me to push it in deep again. I did this several times as she moaned and panted. Then, one time, when she said, "put it deep in me," I said "no", and I continued to tease her honey hole with just the tip of my cock.

"Oh, God, put it in me, push it in."

Again I said "no" as I continued to give her just about an inch of cock. "Oh, oohhhhhhhh, come on, fuck me deep, stick it all the way in." She reached behind her and tried to grab my ass and pull me deep inside her cunt, but I resisted. I'm not into power games or anything, but I was enjoying making her want me so bad and begging me to fuck her.

"Say you ant me to fuck you harder and deeper than you've ever been fucked before."

"Yes, yes." She was moaning loudly now and gasping for breath and desperately trying to impale herself on my cock.

"Say it", I demanded.

"She let out a frustrated groan and then through clenched teeth and great gasps of breath she said, "I want you to fuck me…. Aaaaah, aaaahhhh, fuck me, fuck meaaaahhhh!"

She couldn't finish the sentence. Anyway, what did I care? Here was a woman who was going to explode with pleasure and I was going to come with her. In one swift movement I grabbed her hips and pulled her plump gorgeous ass back onto my rock-hard cock and I thrust my hips forward and we detonated a long, long minute of creaming ecstatic orgasm. I could feel her cunt twitching and contracting around my cock and I pumped her full of hot cum. We both cried out as we heaved together for what seemed like ages.

We collapsed flat on the couch with me lying on top of her with my cock still buried in the sweet stickiness of her hungry cunt. "Don't move," she said quietly. So I didn't. I just lay there feeling the warmth of her pussy enveloping me and the silkiness of her stocking covered legs against mine. My hands stroked her hair and I kissed the back of her neck.

We both dozed off and woke up about 20 minutes later. I was getting a little chilly, but my cock although limp, was still surrounded by warm pussy. "Kelly, I have to pee," I said. Gently I raised myself off her back, sliding my limp cock out of her soggy pussy. She made a sound of disappointment, and I could imagine a pouty look on her face.

I padded into the bathroom and relieved myself. When I came back to the living room, Kelly was sitting up, and my cock gave a little twitch as I took in her nylon-covered legs, her hairy snatch and her big boobs which hung down a little but whose nipples were definitely standing up.

"Lay down on the couch," she said. I obeyed, and I felt Kelly slide onto the floor, kneeling beside me. "Just close your eyes and relax," she said. I closed my eyes and felt her hands gently stroking my pubic area, and then I felt the warmth of her mouth on my penis. She was kissing the head of my cock and occasionally taking it little way into her mouth and giving it a little suck. She started licking the shaft, and with her exquisite oral attention, she soon had me rigid enough to slide into a pussy. Her pussy.

"I want to ride you," she whispered.

"I'm all yours, baby, " I whispered back. Slowly she put one sexy nylon-covered leg over me, and settled her self into a comfortable position before taking my cock with one hand and guiding it into her sopping cunt. She lowered her full weight onto le and I felt my rod slide all the way into her wet pussy. Slowly she began to rock back and forth, fondling her boobs a she did so. I put my hands on her ass and kept her cunt glued tight to me as she slid back and forth. She looked me right in the eye the whole time she was fucking me and that contributed to the intensity of the orgasm that was building inside me 

She began to rock faster and faster, moaning now as her ecstasy built up to the boiling point. She was twisting and squeezing her tits now, and I let go of her ass to put my hands on her boobs with her hands as she squealed, "come in me, come in me, come, come, come!" 

I couldn't hold back. With her looking me in the eyes, I could see how much she wanted me to come in her. Who could keep from coming when a hot woman was sliding her cunt over his dick and she was begging him to come? So, I let go for the second time that evening. As I began to jerk, spraying a load of hot cum deep up inside her twat, she came. It was amazing--- both of us heaving and trying to get even deeper, groaning together, and splashing our juices all over each other.

At last we stopped moving and she lay herself down on top of me. "Don't move, " I said. I wanted the feeling of being inside her wet cut not last all night. I stroked her nyloned legs, exciting my self mentally, but unable to do much else than think about how I was going to be fucking her as often as I could.

Apparently she had the same idea, because when I started to get out of the car after she gave me a ride home at 4 a.m. she gave me that wicked smile and said, "I've got some killer black silk stockings that need a man to really appreciate them. Do you think you'd like to come over this evening and do that for me?"

"Sure," I said, I'll come over and appreciate your stockings—but I want to fuck your brains out again as well."

"It's a deal", she said. Only—do you think we could make it three times tonight?"

It took me a minute to figure out what she was talking about. "I'll practice on Delorah this afternoon and see how many times I can make her come. Then I'll have an idea of how many times I can get you off tonight. You don't mind if I use my tongue and fingers to get you off before I use my cock, do you?"

She leaned over and gave me a long, deep kiss that held the promise of what she was going to do with her tongue, and then she said, "Now go get some rest—you've got a big evening ahead of you—and don't wear yourself out fucking Delorah—take it easy on her." And with that she drove off—but I knew I'd be seeing—and fucking her again that evening.