 My story begins when my husband George had been promoted to executive vice president of a large law firm. With this new position he was in charge of the office in our small town. He had up to several hundred people reporting to him. He was making great money and I only worked part time just to give me something to do. I'm Heather his wife, we were high school sweethearts had twin teenage kids, both in college. I'm five foot six one hundred and thirty pound, long red hair, legs that never quit, full "D" cup tits and a sweet tight and shaved pussy. My husband George was a year older than me at forty he was six foot three one hundred and sixty pounds muscular and nice clean face. He had a trimmed eight inch cut cock. He would walk at least five miles a day on the treadmill and was trim and lean and looked damn good. 

George had been promoted three months ago and as you can imagine it was taking up a great deal of his time, we had always been active and had the most amazing sex life, often having marathons of massively intense love making. We had always been very open minded with practically nothing off limits. We had always been loyal to each other but liking to "one up" each other seeing who could out do who. We had always been a fan of playing the game "truth or dare" we had so much fun playing it. Those games and events are for another time, well as you can imagine with George working so much our sex life was taking a toll. I was the loving supportive wife and I knew that George was suffering too just that work was taking a huge toll on him, stuff needed to get done and the shit that was wrong needed to be fixed. The stress was starting to take a toll on him, he would become snippy and fall asleep in his recliner in the living room where I would find him in the wee hours of the morning, We were down to having sex once a week opposed to where it had been four or five times a week, We were both horny nympho's who were miserable with out our regular amount of sex. We both put on brave faces and went about our daily lives, and I tried to be extra supportive during these hard times. 

It was the middle of June George had been gone long before I got up, It was hot day for June and I woke up even hornier than usual. I laid in bed for a little while just waking up and collecting my thoughts without knowing my hands began to caress my nipples and my nipples were getting hard, my pussy was soaked and all I could think about was how horny I was, I knew I needed to get off and inserted my hand into my shorts and started to rub my clit it felt amazing my pussy was on fire and it felt like I had electricity running thru my entire body in no time what so ever I was in the throws of an intense orgasm. When I came back down to earth I decided it was best to hop in the shower to try and cool down. I took a nice shower and decided to dress in a short tank top and even shorter pair of shorts, and began my day of cleaning and doing laundry. Even while doing my chores my mind and my pussy betrayed me, my mind was thinking nothing but fucking and my pussy was drenched and making squishy sounds. 

I tried to make myself even busier but nothing helped. I finally sat down on the couch and tried watching television. But no sooner did I start watching television did my hands find my pussy and started rubbing and fingering my soaking wet pussy. I stripped right in the living room my legs spread wide open with my fingers working like lighting on my pussy while my other hand was grabbing and pulling on my erect nipples. I came three times sitting on the couch, the couch was soaked and the living room smelled of sex. I looked at the clock it was only two thirty I sulked. I was still unbelievably horny and I needed cock in my mouth and in my hungry pussy. I decided to shower again I shaved my legs and shaved my pussy it was hot to the touch. After my shower I got dressed again, I decided to dress on the slutty side, I put on fishnet on and a garter belt and connected them to the fishnets I put on a pair of silk black thongs with matching bra and a long dress. I put on my make up and put my hair up I went back to watching television in the living room and pulled out my cell phone and text messaged my husband.

About a half hour later I got a response from my husband saying sorry he was swamped but still thinking about me and all the crazy things he wants to do to me. I told him how horny I was and that I gotten off four times already and I still needed to cum more and how wet I still was. I told him that I wanted to suck his cock and swallow his load. Some time went by and then my phone went off again, he said he wanted to eat my pussy from every direction front, back, top and bottom he wanted my pussy juice all over his face. I asked if he had any more meetings today he said that he did not just a ton of paperwork. I said ok hopefully you'll be home somewhat early. He said hopefully and that he couldn't wait to see me. It was close to four now when I got into my car and drove into the city and went to my husbands office I parked my car in the garage and walked in I got to his office and started talking to his secretary Megan she had been his secretary for five years now he had promoted her when he got promoted. We had gone out with Megan and her husband several times and got close. She smiled when she saw me and I asked her to ring George and tell him he had an important client that needed to see him right away. She did as she was asked and buzzed him and sounded disappointed and then said please show them in, I asked her to not let him be disturbed she again smiled and said that he wouldn't be

Once inside his office, George was on the phone looking out the large picture window so I saw the back of his chair so he didn't know I was there to surprise him. After several minutes he turned back around and his jaw hit the floor he was so surprised to see me while I was waiting I took off my dress so he saw me in just my bra, thong and fishnets, I told him that I was his important client and that I case of swollen pussy and that I needed it promptly taken care of but first and foremost I needed to suck his cock. I got to the front his desk and got on my hands and knees and crawled to him my tits swaying back and forth and my ass jiggling. I felt so dirty and more horny than words. I got to where he was sitting and moved him to the side I saw a massive tent inside his pants, I rubbed his cock thru his pants and then undid his belt then his pants and released his throbbing cock, I licked the head and the licked the shaft then I managed to pull his pants down and I licked his balls while stroking his shaft, then I took his entire shaft down my throat in one swift movement. 

I loved sucking his cock it was so yummy, I could taste the pre-cum in my mouth. I was sucking his cock fast and massaging his balls he was moaning, how good it felt, I needed him to cum in my mouth, I needed to swallow his cum, I was like a true slut taking my mouth of him and telling him to cum in my mouth and let me swallow it all. His balls tightened and it was only a matter of time before I got what I wanted, and within seconds he was spraying jets of hot cum into my mouth and down my throat. I swallowed all and licked his cock clean. When I was done he pulled me up and kissed me long and hard, our tongues playing, he sat me on his desk, and made a bee line from my mouth to my neck down my chest, he took my tits out of my bra and played with one while sucking on the other, then switched then down my stomach and to my pussy, he moved my thong to the side and rammed a finger into my wet snatch, I almost died right there, then he started licking my clit all the while still fingering my pussy, he was going crazy licking my clit he inserted another finger into my dripping pussy I was in heaven it felt like all my senses were alive and located in my pleasure zones. I was so close to cumming and then my body tensed and it felt like I had one continues orgasm waves of pleasure running the whole length of my body and he kept eating and fingering me. 

Finally I pushed him away, he took me and turned me around, he put one leg on the floor and the other on the desk, he took my hair out, and started fucking me doggy on his desk, he was pounding my pussy, slapping my ass and pulling my hair. It felt incredible the grunting was so loud, he let go of my hair and my head was wailing around he stretched open my ass and just continued his assault on my pussy and ass pulling my hair occasionally I loved it some what rough. He would also fondle my tits pulling the nipples and squeezing them, I had my hand rubbing my clit. We were both on the same wave and our breathing had slowed and we erupted in orgasms he flooded my pussy with jet after jet of cum I felt so full and happy. After he pulled out I jumped to my knees and cleaned his cock, I loved the taste of our combined juices I licked his shaft and his balls. When he was clean I got up and gave him another long kiss as we both got dressed. As I was leaving I told him not to be late tonight.