 Disclaimer: All characters are over eighteen years of age.

Editing credit: Blind_Justice

Copyright © 2013 redskyes

Author's note: This is a continuation of a series. You'll probably enjoy this more if you start with Part 1.

Chapter 11

He was asleep when I opened the door, sprawled out on his bed with the top sheet covering only his left leg and part of his groin, leaving the rest of his powerfully muscled body bare. His soft but incredibly thick length was lying across his right hip, completely uncovered. His eyes fluttered open when I sat down on the edge of the bed. When he realized I was wearing only my bra and panties, his eyes widened and he pushed up onto his elbows, his deliciously chiseled core rippling with strength. I may have imagined the tell-tale twitch of his cock, but I doubt it.

"Becca?" His voice was gravelly from sleep, deep and dreamlike. He took a moment to look me over, to take in my near nakedness, no doubt wondering what I was doing in his room. "What time is it?" he asked, glancing at the alarm clock beside his bed.

It was just after one in the morning. He looked over at me.

"What's wrong?"

I just looked into his big blue eyes and shook my head.

Jake frowned and sat up, taking my small hand in his much larger one. "Did something happen?"

I didn't answer him. He was closer now, big and warm, and that was all I'd come into his room for. I leaned my shoulder into his chest and he wrapped his powerful arms around me.

"Do you want to talk about it?" he asked.

I shook my head and buried my face into his neck.

"Okay."

Jake cupped the side of my head and held me close. I felt like a tiny doll, surrounded by his huge body, encased within his warmth, safe and protected. He pushed his nose into my hair and breathed deep, rubbing my back soothingly with one large hand. After a while, Jake leaned back, taking me with him. He lay on his side, facing me, and pulled me into his chest. My eyes were a bit below his, but my toes barely reached his shins. God, he was big.

He held me for a long time, both arms around me, just looking at me. It was an incredibly tender moment, and extremely dangerous. I'd taken a chance, risked wounding my pride, and my husband had failed to man up. He had driven a cold spear right through my inner goddess. That's what it had felt like, anyway, like the feminine creature within me was a candle dying in the night, and now that I knew what it felt like for that candle to burn, the prospect of it being snuffed out was terrifying.

But Jake was there, totally and utterly masculine, ready and willing to plunder a female body whenever one was available. And mine was absolutely available. The candle within me was still burning, low but still hot. I had worked myself up to fully give myself to my husband, to give him anything he wanted. Right then, mentally and emotionally, I was a wreck, but physically, I was still primed. My body didn't care who I was with. It merely wanted to be taken, to be possessed. It yearned for it, burned for it, and if the tingling of my skin and the wet heat low in my body was any indication, it didn't care that the man I was currently lying with wasn't my husband.

I was half-naked. Jake was completely naked. Aside from my lingerie, there was nothing between us, not even a sheet. His body was so warm, skin so soft, muscles so firm. It struck me then, the source of his appeal. Jake was a man with every fiber of his being, a leader, a pure-bred masculine specimen of nature. He was an alpha male. He took want he wanted, when he wanted it, and women freely gave themselves to him.

In that moment, with our foreheads resting against one another, his mouth so close to mine, his arms around me and our legs intertwined (I'd hooked his calf with my heel and pulled his leg between my thighs), every inch of my body was his. I'd have given him anything he wanted, right then and there.

He grinned charmingly, just one corner of his mouth lifting, then he closed the distance and pressed his wide mouth so very softly to my lips. Considering the immeasurable sexual power of the man, it was the most tender kiss I'd ever been given. It took my breath away, the gentleness of that kiss, and the barely perceivable timid hesitation of it, how his lips almost didn't move. But they did move. His mouth opened and closed, in time with mine, and he kissed me again. I took the lead on the next kiss, then he took it back. He kept his tongue in his mouth, so I licked his lips. He took a sharp breath through his nose and his long broad tongue plunged inside me, his mouth claiming mine in a scorching kiss that melted and tightened my insides. He palmed my head in his hand, brushing his thumb over my cheek with his fingers dug into my hair, controlling me, holding my head while he pushed his tongue in and out of my hot eager mouth.

Suddenly, Jake stopped kissing me, drawing his mouth back just a little, just enough to break contact, and he closed his eyes.

"Roll over," came his strained whisper.

I blinked at him. "What?"

Jake opened his blue eyes, and the raw masculine heat there was unbelievable. He shifted his lower body. The achingly hot and hard length of his cock pressed against my stomach and thigh. When he spoke, his voice was low, almost a growl. "Becca, if you don't roll over within the next five seconds, I'm going to fuck you."

It wasn't a warning, nor a threat. It was a promise. I looked at him, both nervous and aroused (God, I was wet down there!), and a little frightened. I realized I was counting too.

One-Mississippi. Two-Mississippi.

Jake sighed.

Three- Mississippi. Four- Mississippi. Five-Missi...

He frowned and slid his hand to my shoulder, gripping tightly, eyes sparkling, cock throbbing, ready to fuck me. Going to fuck me.

I rolled over. Jake spooned me. With his huge body surrounding mine from behind, and his insanely big dick pressed against my back in a hot line, I fell asleep.

The subtle shifting around of a very warm and very big body woke me up later. Jake was lying on his back and I was nestled against his side with his arm around my waist and his hand gripping my hip possessively. God, even in his sleep, he was aggressive. I was more or less sprawled across half of him. My arm was lying on his chest and my knee was pulled up somewhat, with my thigh pinning his early-morning erection against his abdomen. The top sheet was shoved all the way down to the foot of the bed. As I noticed that, he murmured something in his sleep and thrust his hips a fraction, pressing his erection against my thigh.

Oh shit. He was naked and I was in bed with him! But for how long? God, had Ryan already woken up?

Carefully, so as not to wake Jake, I lifted my leg off him, then glanced behind me at the alarm clock. Seeing that it was only four-thirty, I sighed with relief. Ryan wouldn't be up for a bit, thank heaven. Oddly, I felt rather refreshed, ready to face the day. I hadn't slept long, but I had slept well, and I guess I had Jake to thank for it.

I pushed up onto my arm and looked down at him. He had always been cocky, annoyingly arrogant, and he treated women like his clothes -- they always look great on him, he'd use them once, toss them aside to be washed, then use them again when the mood struck him. Actually, the analogy was kind of funny, considering how accurate it was. But there was more to Jake than I thought. Just a few hours ago, he had revealed another side of him, a tenderness that I'd never known was there. Oh sure, he'd almost fucked me anyway, but he was literally a walking, talking, powerfully muscled tower of sex, so what had I expected?

But to offer his ear, to understand when I didn't take it, to just hold me when I needed to be held, that was precious. Granted, he'd kissed me in a very more-than-friendly way, but I'd started it. More important, even profound, was that he had been the one to put on the brakes. How much more was there to this man? Was he someone that I could actually be friends with? Was he someone that could mean even more to me than that? I mean, if I had never met Ryan...

I narrowed my gaze suddenly, the shrewd woman inside me casting doubt on my thoughts. Jake could have had me, but he had chosen not to take me. He had all but promised me that he wouldn't have sex with me unless I gave myself to him. So was putting on the breaks last night just part of his ultimate seduction plan? Was it just the next step in gradually breaking me down to the point that I offered up my vagina to him with both hands? I mean, this was Jake we were talking about. Jake always had a seduction plan, and it always worked.

But as I gazed down on his handsome sleeping form, I couldn't help but wonder how off I was. There was a lot I didn't know about him, if only because I knew so little about him in the first place. I really had no way to judge him as a person, no frame of reference. Sure, there was the endless parade of girls to consider, but I had never once seen him in a fight with them, nor heard about one. Jake wanted one thing from them, and apparently, they wanted the same, otherwise they wouldn't come back, or he wouldn't bring them back.

So, as I considered these things, namely that Jake was a much kinder man than I'd realized, but also that I had good reason to be grateful towards him, I licked my lips, leaned over, and I kissed him. I slowly brushed my small mouth against his much bigger one before pursing my lips. I'd meant for it to be just one kiss, one that wouldn't wake him up so that I could take my leave without disturbing him.

But his lips were so soft and warm, and so very large. I kissed him again, marveling that his lower lip was as big as both of mine combined. It was soft and plump and, as I discovered when I tried it, perfectly suckable. I pulled his lower lip into my mouth and sucked gently, and that's when he woke up. The first indication was his big hand sliding down my back, and the second was when he kissed me back.

"What time?" he husked.

"Four-thirty," I whispered, still kissing him softly, fleetingly.

His hand slid down my back, under my panties and over my naked ass. It was totally unexpected. His lips were so soft and they tasted so good. His body was so big and hard, so powerfully masculine. I'd been totally unprepared for his touch, and before I knew what I was doing, I'd crawled right on top of him and shoved my tongue into his mouth.

Jake groaned and clenched my ass in his huge hand, fingertips digging into my crack as he thrust his hard shaft against my lace-covered mound. His pinky finger brushed against the very bottom of my slick vagina and I moaned out loud into his mouth, clawing at his chest and shoulder. His other hand cupped the back of my head and pulled my mouth harder against his, licking at my tongue and teeth. I moved my hips back and forth, rubbing the soaked crotch of my panties against his potent erection. It felt so good, but I wanted more. I pushed up higher, so that I could really rub against him from bottom to the huge swollen top, fast and faster.

He was grunting and I was whimpering, moaning, groaning. I didn't know if he was close to coming, but I sure was. On the next upstroke, his cock throbbed hard, and suddenly, Jake tightened his grip on my ass and stopped me from moving. I whimpered in complaint and kissed him harder, but he fisted his hand in my hair and pulled my mouth off of his.

"You need to go," he rasped, eyes blazing with lust.

"Why?"

Staring into my eyes, Jake pulled the crotch of my panties aside, and then there he was, the obscenely huge head of his cock pressed right against my naked vagina, which judging by the feel of him against me, was more than wet enough to allow him entry. I gasped so loudly that I feared waking up Ryan, slapping a hand over my mouth.

"That's why."

I nodded in understanding, but I couldn't move. I couldn't bring myself to get up, to break that sweet contact of his hot cock knocking against the slick door to my feminine core. I couldn't have sex with him. I wanted to. Oh, how I wanted to feel him inside, to know what it felt like, how amazing it must be. But I absolutely could not do it. Neither could I not.

So I just remained there, frozen in space and time with Jake's giant dick not quite lodged at my opening, merely spreading my hot, tender flesh apart. It felt so fucking good, the way he was just poised there, not quite inside, but not outside either, the very tip of him opening me up more than I could have imagined.

With an angry frown, Jake violently flipped us over. I ended up on my back with his hands pinning mine to the bed above my head. His big body was stretched out over me, wide hips between my spread legs. I had about two seconds to process his expression, angry, needful, frustrated, and lost, but then he was there again, the incredible head of his cock nestled against my wet heat, big as a baseball. The sudden aggression caught me off guard. My eyes went wide and my hips thrust up all on their own. His insanely big tip spread me open even further, rubbed against my hot flesh, and it felt so good that I did it again. Jake closed his eyes and groaned from low in his chest, his handsome face twisted up in agony. My eyes shut too and I humped my weeping vagina against his tip, up and down, again and again, relishing in the heat of his huge helmet, the size, the way it occasionally bounced up and tapped my clit.

The next time I raised my hips, I felt him move. He lodged there, firmly, and he pushed. I gasped and my eyes flew wide open. My hands pushed at his chest to stop him, but my fingers clawed at his skin to keep him there. His blue eyes burned into mine and I felt him down there, pushing inside, my tight little core spreading open and around the head of his cock, wide and wider. He wasn't even inside, not really, and already, he was too big. Already, it was too much. Jake pushed a fraction more, and I don't know how I knew, but a millimeter more and his crown would be fully submerged inside my ready and willing body. It shocked me into the moment, to his stony expression. He leaned down and stared me in the eye, voice quiet but threatening.

"Keep it up and I'm going to fuck you. I don't give a shit that you're married. I don't even give a shit that you're married to my best friend. I'll still fuck you. I'll throw it all away just to fill you full of hot hard dick."

Holy shit.

"Do you know why?"

I shook my head.

He pulled back and I breathed a sigh of relief, but then he thrust, pushing the underside of his oversized helmet and so very wide shaft up through the wet valley between my legs. Every last inch of him rubbed over my slick flesh and swollen clit until his massively heavy balls lightly slapped against my core. Then he did it again.

"I will fuck you because you won't risk your marriage by telling him. I will fuck you because I won't risk my friendship by telling him."

And again.

"I will fuck you because I can."

He didn't stop.

"You'll come back for more and I will fuck you again."

Faster, and my eyes closed as pleasure coursed through me.

"I will fuck you until he inevitably discovers us, and your marriage and my friendship will be ruined."

Harder, and the climax building inside me bowed my spine, thrust my heaving breasts towards him.

"And when everything is in ruin, I will just keep on fucking you."

Jake pushed up onto his knees and slapped his heavy dick against my open pussy, hard. And I came. My mouth opened and I took a huge gulping breath. Jake slapped my vagina again, then clamped his hand over my mouth. He slapped that big dick against me over and over and over, making loud and lewd wet sounds as his hot and hard flesh collided with mine and I screamed into his hand, the climax roaring through my limbs, my blood, my very soul. When he'd reduced me to a quivering pile of jelly in the shape of a woman, he climbed out from between my legs and grabbed me under my arms, jerking me off the bed and onto my feet.

I gripped his huge biceps for balance and just stared at him, my mouth hanging open. His grasp on my ribs lessened and he slid his hands down my sides before letting go. He just stood there, inches away, his hugely hard cock just jutting up between our bodies like an affront to nature, the smooth wide head of his penis extending just past the bottom of my bra-clad breasts. God, he was so big!

"I told you I wouldn't take you fully without your consent, but I have limits, Rebecca," he said softly, yet urgently. "Putting this--" he stroked the pad of his finger up through my wet cleft (my panties were still off to one side) and my knees nearly gave out. "--anywhere near my dick is one of them."

The urge to thrust my bare femininity at him in invitation was so powerful that I had to bite my lower lip. My body wanted that huge hard cock inside it so badly, but I couldn't do it. I had always equated sex with love, which is why I had saved myself for marriage, why my maidenhead had been intact for Ryan. I wanted nothing more than to feel that monster cock stretching me open and filling me up, and while I had already given Jake my mouth, I just couldn't give him the rest, because if I did, I feared I would be lost forever, and not only to myself. My husband would lose me too.

 Jake seemed to sense my struggle, because the tenderness returned. He sighed and cupped the back of my head, resting his forehead against mine.

"Do you understand?" he said.

I nodded.

"Good." He kissed my forehead and briefly held my hands before letting go. "Now go mess up the couch before he realizes you didn't sleep on it."

He handed me my robe from the floor and I quietly stepped out of his room, once more surprised by my husband's best friend. Messing up the couch, huh? Hadn't thought of that.

Chapter 12

The next two days were rather quiet around the house. Ryan was working long hours -- as always -- and Jake was suspiciously absent, coming in quite late. He would be there in the morning, but once he left for work, I wouldn't see him again. The third night was different. It was around eleven o'clock when I heard giggling coming from down the hall. Moments later, the giggling stopped, and I heard a muffled yelp. Jake had brought a girl home.

Heat flushed through my body in an instant, and for the next two minutes, I listened to the occasional moan or groan coming down the hall from Jake's room. My nipples were swollen under my big tee shirt and I was rubbing my thighs together to stimulate that delicious pressure that was already building inside me, my body aching to be filled. I had a momentary thought, that there was a perfectly healthy man lying in bed with me, right next to me. I glanced at Ryan and considered waking him up by taking him into my mouth, but an instant later, I realized it wasn't meant to be. He'd worn his flannel pants to bed, the tie cinched tight, a classic signal of his that he wasn't interested in fooling around.

Well, part of the reason I'd worn a tee shirt to bed for three nights in a row was because I didn't want to give Ryan the idea that I was trying to entice him and have him reject me when I wasn't even offering. And I wasn't, not at all. I was still angry, and my pride was still wounded. I couldn't face rejection again, but neither did I think Ryan deserved to touch me either. I was a beautiful woman in my sexual prime, and a lioness had been awoken inside me. She wanted satisfaction, and she wanted it now, but she didn't want Ryan.

Throwing an angry frown at my sleeping husband, I tried to go back to sleep. It didn't work. My body was too keyed up and the sounds coming from Jake's room weren't abating. If anything, they were getting louder, and more frequent.
