 Disclaimer: All characters are over eighteen years of age.

Editing credit: Blind_Justice

Copyright © 2013 redskyes

Author's note: This is a continuation of a series. You'll probably enjoy this more if you start with Part 1.

Chapter 5

It never happened. That's what I told myself. I hadn't sucked Jake's cock. I hadn't let him come in my mouth or on my face. Never happened. Except that it had. I was like a robot for a few days, just going through the motions of my daily routines, striving for absolute normalcy. Jake kept bringing girls home to fuck them, but none of them were short like before. They were tall, buxom or slim, blonde or fiery red, but none brunette, which was odd. I didn't watch him sleep with them though.

I blew my husband that first night, and the next morning -- having had to talk him into it both times -- but not because I wanted to feel a cock in my mouth and a man's cum in my stomach. Though I did. No, I did it because I thought it might make things right. It was only fair. I'd sucked off my husband's friend, so the least I could do was blow Ryan. It didn't make things right, and Ryan noticed.

"You okay, honey?" he asked me one morning.

I nodded and smiled over my cup of coffee. "Of course"

He frowned. "You seem out of it."

I wasn't sure what to say, because I was definitely out of it, but ignoring the problem meant the problem wasn't there, so I didn't say anything.

Ryan fussed with his tablet. "Oh, before I forget, I'm going out of town next week."

"You are?" I wasn't happy about this. With everything that had happened recently, I needed more time with him. I needed to use Ryan to wash Jake out of my head. Besides, now was not the time to be alone with Jake.

Ryan nodded. "Just for a few days. The office in St. Louis needs a hand."

I sighed and got up from the table.

"Why don't you invite your friends over today?" he suggested, either to make me feel better or to just distract me. "Have a pool party or something."

Actually, that wasn't a bad idea. I smiled at my husband and leaned over him to give him a kiss. My lips lingered there for a bit, and while no tongues were shoved into anyone's mouths, it was a really nice kiss. I drew back and cupped his cheek, just appreciating him for a moment.

Ryan was actually quite an attractive man. His hair was dark, almost black, and styled short and neat. His eyes were a soulful brown with beautifully long dark lashes, and while his mouth was somewhat smallish, his lips were full and pleasantly kissable. My husband kept himself in great shape, but you wouldn't know it if you only ever saw him in a suit. He was on the skinny side, but his shoulders were very broad for his build, and his upper body tapered down into a narrow waist that most women would envy. 

He was well-groomed too, almost obsessive about it. He shaved every day, sometimes twice a day, kept his finger- and toenails filed short, his skin soft and smooth, his hair perfect and his eyebrows tamed. He even moisturized the bottoms of his feet (I know because we use the same skincare products, and I certainly don't go through it that fast on my own). Actually, if anything, a lot of Ryan's physical attributes were quite feminine. I guess you could say he was more beautiful than handsome.

After my husband left, with another soft and sweet goodbye kiss at the front door, I called up my friends and invited them over for brunch, telling them to bring their bathing suits. I tidied up the house and my friends filtered in around ten-thirty. Susan arrived first, which worked out well. She was the liveliest of all of us, someone that I knew I could tell anything and she wouldn't judge me. She was also the most beautiful of our group, I thought. Actually, she was exactly the kind of girl that Jake would bring home, except older, when I thought about it.

Susan was tall and buxom with a true hourglass figure. Her breasts weren't bigger than mine. In fact, we could exchange bras without difficulty, but her breasts fit her frame, whereas mine looked a little too large for me. Her hair was darker than mine, true black, and just as long, and her eyes were an amazing dark blue. She was wearing a sheer short-sleeve shirt and sarong over a burnt-red bikini.

"How are you, sweetie?" she greeted me at the door, kissing my cheek.

"Good, good."

We chatted for a while and made sangria, waiting for the others to arrive. We hadn't seen each other since our trip to the cabin, so she wanted to know what I'd been up to. Eventually, she got around to the subject I'd been too chicken to bring up.

"So, where's Jake?" she asked.

"At work, I suppose."

I felt her looking at me. "Everything okay?"

I sighed and turned to face her, leaning back against the counter near the sink. "I need to..." I trailed off, struggling to find the courage to continue. I crossed my arms under my breasts and kind of slouched, like I was trying to hide inside myself. Susan got up and came over, her expression worried. "I have to tell someone," I said quietly.

Susan took my hands. "What is it, honey?"

"Jake..." I stopped, tried again. "I...I've been watching him."

She lifted an eyebrow. "Watching him?"

"Have sex," I whispered.

Her eyes widened. "Oh."

I nodded.

"And?"

I blinked. "And what?"

Susan shrugged a shoulder. "What's he like?"

I shook my head. "I don't...you're not freaked out?"

"Why would I be?" she smiled.

"I've been watching another man having sex, Susan!"

"So?" she laughed, dropping my hands to pour herself a tall glass of sangria. "It's not like you're fucking him."

I shook my head again.

Susan looked at me. "You're not fucking him, right?"

I gasped. "No!"

She laughed again. "Just asking. So, anyway, what's he like?"

It was kind of surreal, the way she was being so casual about the whole thing, and it was infectious, because before I knew it, I was telling her everything.

"God, Susan. He's just so...manly!" I gushed.

Susan chuckled.

"No, I mean it," I told her, waving my hands about while I described him. "He's so big and tall, and he's...God, he's this long," I said, holding my hand way out from my groin.

Susan blinked. "Really?"

I laughed nervously. "Oh yeah. You should see the way he pushes that monster into his girls. I don't know how he makes it fit. I mean, sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes they can only take half of him, but some of them take all of it."

"His girls?"

I shrugged. "That's what I call them. When he's...you know...with them, it's like he owns them. They're just so...subservient, like they've given themselves to him, completely."

A flush crept up Susan's chest and neck. "Really," she said quietly.

"And they're not the only ones."

Susan's eyes widened and she came over to me, whispering, "What happened?"

"He caught me when I was in the bathroom. He knew I'd been watching him."

She gasped. "He did?"

I ignored the question. "He wanted to talk about it, but...God, Susan, I'd been getting ready for a nice bath, to pamper myself, and I was naked and peeing, and Jake had just gotten out of the shower so he was only wearing a towel."

Her eyes got wider and wider, and that flush crept up her cheeks. I also noticed that her nipples were hard under her bikini top. I kind of launched into a frantic rant.

"He took off his towel, because I was uncomfortable, and I wanted to touch him, but I couldn't, because it was wrong. So he did it. He touched me. He put his..." I touched my lips with my finger. "...here, and I let him. I let him put his...thing...right here, in my mouth, and I..." I whispered the last part. "I sucked him."

"Oh my God," she breathed.

I blinked, felt my eyes welling up. "I...I sucked his cock, Susan, and he came in my mouth. He came in my mouth, on my face, and I...I loved it." That last bit came out in a little squeak.

And then I was crying.

"Oh, honey," Susan said softly. She took me into her arms and hugged me, cooing softly in my ear, telling me it was okay, that everything would be okay.

"I couldn't help it," I told her when I'd stopped crying.  "I couldn't stop. He's just so, powerful, I guess. I don't know. It's like his presence just fills the room, overwhelms me."

"Becca..."

I kept going. "It's okay to want things, to desire them. I know that. But it's not okay to act on them, not when it isn't with my husband. I wanted Jake, but I didn't do anything. I just watched him. It was an accident, that first time, but I couldn't stop watching him. I'd hear him late at night, fucking his girls. God, the sounds they make! I didn't sound like that with Ryan, and he didn't do those things to me. But I wanted to, I and wanted him to. I couldn't help myself. I watched him almost every time. But then he came into the bathroom and I was naked and he was naked and his cock was just so big and it was right there and touching my lips and I just..."

"Becca, Becca, easy," she hushed me. "Take it easy, honey. You're going to hyperventilate."

My breath was coming so fast that I couldn't breathe, if that makes any sense. Was that hyperventilating? I wasn't sure. It had never happened to me. I guess it was, because Susan rifled through the walk-in pantry and came back with a paper bag. She twisted the top, blew into it to puff it out, then handed it over.

"Breathe in and out of that, slow and deep," she told me.

I did, and within moments, I felt much better.

"Have you done anything else?" she asked. "You and Jake, I mean."

I shook my head and lowered the bag. "No. Nothing."

"He hasn't said anything?"

"No."

She pursed her lips in thought, then shrugged. "Well, then I'd just forget about it."

I dropped my arms, exasperated. "That's it? Just forget about it? Susan!"

"What?" she held up her hands in surrender. "If nothing else is going to happen, don't torture yourself. It's over. It's in the past."

I guess that made sense. I mean, I certainly wasn't planning on doing anything else, and I hadn't watched Jake have sex since that day in the bathroom. Besides, I had my husband to think about, my marriage. It would kill Ryan if he knew what I'd done. It would ruin us.

Susan added, "Besides, I doubt Jake would make a big deal out of it anyway. He wouldn't want to ruin his friendship with Ryan, let alone get tossed out on his ass. I don't think you have anything to worry about."

"You really think so?" I said with more than a little hope.

"Sure," she said casually. "Now, come on. Let's go get some sun."

With tall glasses of sangria, Susan and I laid out towels on loungers and covered ourselves with lotion. The other girls showed up later. Jody was the shortest of all of us, a little too skinny, I thought, but she had beautiful brown hair and the most amazing hazel eyes, the blue-brown variety. Carole was taller, somewhere between mine and Susan's height, and she was busty like me. Her hair was blonde and curly and she had very pale blue eyes.

We made an odd bunch, the four of us. I was the most shy and Carole was the wildest of us all. Jody leaned closer to my level of prim and proper, while Susan seemed to find a healthy balance of being conservative and a wild child. You could peg our personalities by taking one look at our bathing suits. I wore a bikini, but it covered me decently enough. Jody was wearing a one-piece, Susan's bikini was a little more daring than mine, but then Carole's was nothing more than three tiny triangles that covered her lady parts.

We drank sangria and talked until our heads began to swim from the alcohol, then took a break in the shallow end of the pool. I noticed Carole looking at me, her eyes narrowed.

"What?" I asked.

The other girls glanced at her.

"I need to take you shopping," she said, nodding to herself.

"For what?"

She grinned. "A new bikini."

I looked down at my top. "What's wrong with this one?" I tugged on the straps and adjusted the cups over my boobs. It wasn't that old, and it wasn't frayed around the edges or anything. It was a typical bikini, dark blue, no frills.

"Too conservative, honey," Carole flicked her hand at me. "Before long you'll be dressing like Jody over there."

"Hey!" she whined.

Carole chuckled and gave her a wink.

"I couldn't wear something like that," I told Carole, looking at her top. Her big boobs were practically spilling out of her bikini, and the material was so thin that I could easily make out the shape of her nipples beneath the fabric.

"Sure you could!" She cupped her big boobs in her hands and shook her chest at me. "You've got plenty to work with, just like me. Besides, your husband would love it."

True, but then so would Jake. He liked my current bikini well enough. Anything more scandalous and I could get into even more trouble than I already had. I shook my head. "I'll pass."

I got a round of boos for that, and for the next few minutes, Carole got them all teasing me about how prude I was, then a few minutes after that, she switched tactics and the teasing became words of encouragement.

"You really are beautiful, Rebecca," Jody told me with a sweet smile.

Susan smiled too. "Absolutely. Flaunt what you've got, sweetie."

It went on and on like that, and I had to admit, I was beginning to believe them. Maybe I was as pretty as they said. Ryan told me often enough.

"Who's gorgeous?" Jake's deep voice suddenly cut through the conversation.

I jumped a little at his unexpected arrival. He looked amazing, as always, wearing jeans and a fitted, bright white tee shirt that made his tan skin look that much darker. He was a big sweaty mess, seemingly having come back from work. He had taken a job with a landscaping company to make ends meet until he found something better. His shirt was soaked with sweat, clinging to his muscular upper body.

"Jake!" Carole squealed, shooting up out of the water. "Nice to finally meet you. We've heard so much about you."

He glanced at me, the corner of his mouth lifted in a knowing grin. "Have you now?"

"Well, a little," Carole smiled. She walked up the steps and Jake watched her, his eyes openly roaming over her bikini-clad body. His gaze slid down her frame, then back up, his crooked grin widening into a full-blown seductive smile. "I'm Carole," she offered her hand, laying the other one on her chest.

Jake shook her hand and held it. "Nice to meet you too, Carole."

Carole batted her eyelashes at him and his gaze fell to the hand on her chest, where her thumb was idly flicking back and forth over her ample cleavage. Jake licked his lips, blinked slowly, and looked up at her through his lashes.

"Very nice indeed," he said quietly, seductively.

"She's married," Jody blurted out.

Jake gave her a grin, but Carole whipped her head around and made a face, as though to say 'what the hell, Jody?'

Jody ignored the look and told Jake, "Her ring is in the shop."

Carole recovered and looked at him, adding, "The setting was a little loose."

Jake shrugged, still holding her hand, "Doesn't bother me."

Carole smiled.

"Wait, what doesn't bother you?" Susan asked.

"A painfully lovely woman being married," he told her, still wearing that cocky grin of his. "Never stopped me before."

"Oh, so you're a home wrecker," Jody said, cocking an eyebrow. I was getting the impression that she didn't like Jake much.

He turned his grin on her. "Oh, I'm a wrecker alright, but not of homes."

Jody blushed furiously. So did I, but thankfully, nobody noticed. Susan blinked, and Carole laughed out loud, wrapping both of her arms around one of his and kind of hugging his side.

"Why don't you join us, Jake?" she asked.

"Don't mind if I do," he smiled, drawing away from her. He picked up the nearly empty sangria from the table. "Another pitcher, ladies?"

Chapter 6

And that's how Jake ended up hanging out with us girls in the pool for the afternoon. Of course, when he came back out wearing only his swimming trunks, he looked even more fantastic. The girls and I were struck speechless by the bronze god that came down the steps into the pool. Every inch of him was tanned and chiseled to muscular perfection.

Well, every inch they could see. I happened to know he literally looked like that everywhere, but I tried not to think about it.

Jake settled into the water with a cold beer in one hand and a full pitcher of sangria in the other. He filled all of our glasses and leaned back against the wall of the pool, both arms stretched out along the lip.

Carole was, naturally, more than eager to chat him up. Jody was cold, and Susan, knowing what Jake and I had done, seemed to be regarding him with caution. But Jake was actually rather entertaining, and he was perfectly comfortable being surrounded by women. He had a dry sense of humor and there was something about the way he told stories that really grabbed your attention. Gradually, Susan warmed up to him, laughing at his jokes and self-deprecating tales. Even Jody relaxed, and by that time, I was laughing with the others too.

Later on, Jake cracked another joke and stood up to get another beer. His trunks were clinging to his body, and right there, along his left thigh, was an incredibly long and obscenely thick bulge. I quickly glanced around at my friends, all of them stunned silent, their mouths gaping open to varying degrees, and the moment he disappeared into the house, everything took a decidedly dramatic turn.

"Oh my fucking God!" Carole whisper-laughed, her face turning bright red.

Susan was quietly laughing too, turning to hug Carole's side. "Did you see that?"

Jody blinked. "Wow. He wasn't kidding when he said he was a wrecker."

All of them laughed out loud. Then Susan glanced at me, and her eyes widened. I saw it in her eyes, the questions. You blew that? How did you possibly fit him in your mouth? She cocked her head a little, and blushing slightly, I nodded. Susan started laughing, shaking her head, one eyebrow up, like she was both amused and proud of me.

And strangely, I felt proud. Of all of us, I was the one that had the least amount of sexual experience. I had had sex with only one man in my life, and the sex we had was rather vanilla, as Carole would say. At times in my life, I had regretted saving my virginity for marriage. Those times became more and more frequent as I got older. With every passing year, my youth slipped just a little further away, a youth that I had wasted.

It wasn't just about the sex. It was the fond memories and the stories that went with them. Carole had the most, but Jody and Susan both had regaled us with tales of their wild escapades in their youths. But me, the craziest thing I had done before meeting Ryan was let a boy palm my boobs through a sweater.

What Jake and I did was wrong. There was no question about it. But at least I had finally done something. I could finally say that I'd had one wild experience. It made me feel a little bit younger, a little bit more alive.

I found myself biting my lower lip and grinning at Susan, and she grinned right back, nodding subtly.

Jake rejoined us with a fresh beer, and as I watched him settle back into the pool, our eyes met for a heartbeat or two. His expression was neutral, but I felt my lips lifting in a grin. He grinned right back, secrets glimmering in his eyes as they flicked to my mouth, lingering there, and when he looked back up to my eyes, his grin widened, forming a dashingly handsome smile. Both of us knew what I had done with my mouth, and both of us were thinking about in that instant.

I blushed and looked away, and Jake chuckled.

"What's so funny?" Jody asked.

Jake shook his head. "Let me tell you about the time Ryan and I..."

I didn't really catch his story. I sat there in a daze, kind of stunned, I guess. That look had been the first time that Jake had even remotely acknowledged what had happened. I just wasn't sure how to process that. I couldn't stop thinking about what we'd done either. I remembered the sound of his heavy breathing as I sucked and licked him, my quiet gagging when he would push too deep into my mouth. I remembered the strength of his hand in my hair, the cording of his muscles when he neared climax. Most of all, I remembered the overwhelming flood of his hot cum, how very much there had been, and that I'd swallowed so much of it.
