 Disclaimer: All characters are over eighteen years of age.

Editing credit: Blind_Justice

Copyright © 2013 redskyes

Author's note: This is a continuation of a series. You'll probably enjoy this more if you start with Part 1.

Chapter 15

I woke up again before morning came, much the same as earlier, except that Jake was the instigator this time. His hot tumescence was pressed against the soft skin of the front of my body, pushing back and forth. It was his kisses that fully awakened me though, his wide lips against my mouth, his tongue licking at my lips before her nuzzled his face into the curve of my neck and shoulder. He must have pulled me higher up the bed because otherwise he wouldn't have been able to lift my upper leg and push his mammoth dick inside me again, which he did, and which surprising ease.

I cried out for him, though it sounded feeble to me, weak. He fucked me like that for a while, on our sides and holding me tight and helpless against him, cramming his cock into me slow and sweet. No words were spoken. I came on his thrusting penis twice before he found his own release. With a deep groan, he finally pulled out and sandwiched his cock between us and spewed hot semen up our bodies. I dozed off (or passed out, not sure which) while he was still fountaining.

Jake woke me up and fucked me one more time before sunrise. He was already deep inside me when I came to. He had me on my back and my arms were out to my sides, and his huge body was lying against mine (though not crushing me). He had me absolutely pinned to the bed and just powered his big dick in and out of my drenched heat until he pulled out and blew his prodigious load all over my breasts and face. None of his semen got into my eyes, so when he laid back down and pulled me over to him, I just went back to sleep.

I have no idea how many times he made me come that night.

When I finally woke up for the day, I was in my own bed, and it was well after nine o'clock. Curiously, there was no dried semen on me. Had Jake bathed me last night? Had I been that out of it? On my way to the kitchen -- coffee was absolutely in order -- I stopped at Jake's door and peeked in. He had changed the sheets on his bed and his room was tidy.

With coffee brewing, I hopped in the shower. Seconds after the hot water began coursing down my body, I felt the difference. I felt good. Really good. It was surprising, actually. I'd expected to be quite sore, you know, down there, but aside from a dull ache low in my body, I felt wonderful. More than that, I felt, I don't know, more alive, and definitely more feminine. I could feel it in the way my hands moved over my skin, soaping and rinsing, slower, smoother, more fluid and much more sensual. I felt beautiful too, and when I stood naked in front of the mirror over the sink, I saw it too.

I didn't actually look any different, of course. I'm not sure what I expected to see when I looked between my legs, like all stretched out and gaping open, or maybe even turned inside out, but nothing had changed. Surprising, really, considering how very large Jake was. God, the memory of him just pushing inside me and filling me up...I shivered in front of the mirror, and that dull ache low in my body grew warm. The ache wasn't painful, nor even uncomfortable, really. It was more like a persistent reminder of how amazing being with Jake had been, of how deep inside me I had taken him, of how full I'd been, and of how many times I had climaxed.

God, the sex...I'd never known nor even imagined that sex could be that good! Just thinking about it was making me wet.

As I poured myself a cup of coffee and took a sip, I wondered if the sex had been so mind-blowing simply because it was new. I mean, sex with someone couldn't be that good all the time, could it? If we did it again -- If? Who was I kidding? -- it couldn't possibly top that first time, right?

I was pondering this when my cell phone rang. I ran to the bedroom to answer it in time.

"Hello?"

"Good morning." Jake's voice was low and sultry, and just the sound of it tightened my nipples, not to mention other things much lower.

"Hi," I replied, almost whispering.

Jake chuckled.

"I was just thinking about you," I told him.

"Really now? Anything in particular?"

My insides tightened again, my body remembering quite clearly one very particular part of him.

"Did you give me a bath last night?" I asked, glad that he couldn't see me blushing.

"Kind of."

"What's that mean?"

"Sorry? Yeah, one minute," he told someone on his end, then replied, "Just a washcloth and some soap and water."

I smiled. "That was very kind of you."

He chuckled. "It was the least I could do." He grumbled and said, "Hold on a sec."

I heard him arguing with someone in the background. "It has to be today? No, either this morning or later in the afternoon. Because I have lunch plans. Fine, lock it in." To me, he mumbled, "Sorry about that."

"Everything okay?"

He sighed. "Yeah, just Mrs. Biddleston." In the background, I heard a door open and the sound of light traffic. I think he had gone outside. "She wants me to mow her lawn at noon, which is code for fucking her."

I balked. "Isn't she married?"

Jake laughed. "Of course, she is."

I felt a touch of insecurity bloom inside me. Lana Biddleston was a beautiful woman, even though she was about seven years older than me. She was poised, refined, classy, and filthy rich. "She's quite pretty," I mumbled.

"Yeah, well, she'll just have to do without me."

I blinked. "You mean you're not going to..."

Jake cut me off. "No."

"Oh." I couldn't help but ask. "Why not?"

His voice low and husky again, he said, "Because there is no one else in the world that I want to be inside of more than you."

Oh my God.

My steamy insides clenched so hard that it pushed a small whimper out of my mouth.

Jake groaned. "Christ, Becca. Keep making sounds like that and I won't be able to wait until my lunch break."

I took a deep breath to focus. "What are your lunch plans, anyway?"

I could hear the cocky grin in his tone. "I'll give you a hint; when I'm ten minutes out, I'll text you instructions."

Oh my. "Okay."

He chuckled again. "I'll see you soon, Rebecca."

God, the sound of my proper name rolling off of his tongue...he spoke it like it was a sinful treat, and it made me feel that way.

"See you," I whispered.

After I hung up the phone, I took off my robe and put on comfortable cotton shorts and one of my new small tee shirts. The shirt was solid black with white blocky letters across the chest that read BOUNCER, except the 'R' was mostly scratched out. Carole had picked it out, and I found it cutely playful.

I tried not to dwell on what Jake had planned for lunch, but I knew that eating wasn't his only reason for coming home at noon. Well, unless the only item on the menu was me, I guess. That's why I tried not to think about it, because that thought right there got me wet and ready again.

Keeping busy around the house didn't help much. I was hot, slick and swollen all morning long. I'd never been aroused for such an extended period of time, and I wasn't sure how to cope with it. Just walking created pressure down there that was absolutely delicious, and the urge to throw myself down on my back and use my hands to find relief was nearly overwhelming, particularly when I took a very quick shower to wash away the bit of sweat I had worked up while cleaning up the house.

From eleven forty-one on, I literally watched each minute pass by. At eleven forty-nine, I got his text, and I held my breath while I read it.

Under my bed, red box. Follow instructions.

I admit it. I ran to his room.

Beneath Jake's bed, I found a long and shiny red cardboard box, about as tall as a shoebox but big enough told hold an unfolded jacket or coat. Inside, there was a bundle wrapped in white tissue, and on top of it, a handwritten note from Jake.

Wear these, and only these.

Grinning and wondering what he was up to, I peeled the tissue away. On top was a small white box containing simple yet elegant silver hoop earrings. Beneath it was a pure white ribbed tank dress, and before I had even unfolded it, I knew it was going to be a tight fit. White heels (what Carole would call fuck-me pumps) had been included as well.

Finally, there was another white box, long and narrow, for a watch, necklace, or bracelet, perhaps. I didn't know, because a note taped around it read...

Stand in the living room, facing the door. Hold this, but do not open it.

Okay, now my interest was really piqued.

Stripping out of my clothes in Jake's room, I pulled the dress down my body. Oh, it was a tight fit alright. The pumps went on next, then I stood in front of Jake's mirror and raked my fingers through my long hair to fluff it up just a bit. With the earrings in, I took one last look at myself.

My dark, dark hair was cascading down my back, with a few loose curls in front. The earrings looked wonderful, simple and understated but eye-catching nonetheless. The dress really did hug my body, leaving very little to the imagination, particularly the fact that I wasn't wearing a bra or panties. The bright white even made my fair skin seem a little more tanned than it already was. I wasn't bronzed by any means, but at least I wasn't so pale anymore. The dress fell to just above mid-thigh, and from there down, my legs looked incredible, thanks to the heels.

I barely recognized myself. I was...

Oh my God.

I looked like bottled sex, and in a good way.

In a kind of shock, I grabbed the last little box and made my way to the living room. I stood facing the door and held the long narrow box in my palms. A minute went by, then two. My heart was pounding faster and harder, because any moment, Jake would be walking through that door, and God only knew what would happen next. My insides thrummed at the possibilities. The waiting was agony.

When Jake breezed through the door, my breath caught. He shut the door, turned to face me, and his mouth gaped open as he looked me over. It brought a huge happy smile to my face.

"Hi," I said softly.

He meant to drop his keys on the sideboard near the door, but they hit the floor instead. Jake didn't even seem to notice. I almost laughed. He came to me slowly, shaking his head.

"My God, Rebecca," he breathed, reaching out to place his hands on my shoulders and smooth them down my arms. "You look stunning."

"Thank you," I smiled again. "And thank you for the gifts."

It took him a couple of seconds to lift his gaze to mine, but when he did, he grinned. "You might not like this one," he said, tapping the box in my hands.

"I'm sure it's lovely."

His grin widened. He took the lid off the box and held up my last gift. It was a black strip of lace with a small silver medallion hanging off of it, about the size and thickness of a dime. It was shiny and smooth, except for the stylized "J" stamped on it.

"Do you know what this is?" he asked, stepping closer so that he could put it around my neck.

"A choker?"

He grinned again. "Do you know what it means?" He clasped it at the back of my neck and put his hands on my hips, staring at my mouth as I answered.

"No."

He looked into my eyes and, holding my hips, leaned down to me, his mouth coming closer and closer as he pulled my body towards him. He kissed me softly, briefly. "It means that whenever I want--" he kissed me again. "--wherever I want--" another kiss, longer this time, firmer, and I returned the kiss with passion, because I had an idea of where this was going. "I can have you."

I took a sharp breath and my insides clenched. God, I was wet!

"It means that you're mine, Rebecca."

He was turning us and backing me up towards the wall, still kissing me, his hands tight on my hips.

"It means that I'm going to use every inch of your lovely body for my pleasure."

I moaned into his mouth.

"As often as I like."

His tongue slipped into my mouth and I sucked on it. He pushed my shoulders back against the wall but kept my hips out towards him.

"And I promise you, it will be very, very often."

I shivered from head to toe. He slanted his mouth over mine and made love to me with it. Slow, deep, sensual kisses that took my breath away, kissing me like he had before, quick plunges of his tongue into my mouth then withdrawing and smacking his lips softly against mine. God, he was a good kisser.

I was opening the fly of his shorts while he kissed me, pushing them down his thighs and then wrapping my hands around his heavy cock, stroking him to hardness -- he was almost there, but not quite. Jake stopped kissing me to take off his shirt.

"I'm going to fuck you so good, Rebecca."

He kissed me again and I moaned loudly into his mouth. His hands pushed up under my dress to hold my naked hips, and he slowly went to his knees, kissing down my dress while he slid his hands down to spread my legs. His lips trailed hotly down my lower tummy while he moved his hands up again, pushing my dress up with them, baring my lower body. He kissed my mound, the top of my slit, pressing his mouth firmly over my hidden clit. Grabbing my ass, he pulled my pelvis even farther away from the wall, then he licked right up my center.

I all but screamed. "God!"

I was wet and ready, and I felt so wide open down there, so when he licked up my vagina, it felt like he was hitting every raw nerve that I had.

"You taste so fucking good, baby," he murmured.

Then he sealed his mouth over me and licked me like I was his lunch, like he could sustain himself for an eternity with only my body as his food. I was delirious with pleasure, his hot tongue so wide that every lick pushed my labia aside, so long that his tip threatened to push inside me, lips smacking softly now and then. I dug my fingers into his hair and pulled his mouth tight against me. It would have been crude to say he was eating me, because he wasn't. He was kissing me like he always did, except that he was doing it down there. It was driving me crazy, his rhythm, pushing me close to the brink and then backing off, letting me cool down only to push me again.

I moaned, "Jake, please."

He chuckled, a deep masculine sound that reverberated inside my body. He gave me one last good lick and stood up, pushing my dress up above my chest. The instant my breasts were free, Jake began kissing and licking them. I don't know how he managed it either, but without warning, his colossal crown was at my opening and drilling inside, just insistently pushing my wet walls apart and seeking out my depths. He was still pushing, inch after long hard inch, when I came.

I balled my fists in his hair and screamed, drenching his cock with my climax while he licked and sucked on my breasts in his big hands. I guess the angle only let him get so much of himself inside me, because he stopped pushing and held himself still deep in my body, letting me come on his thick shaft and massive crown.

I was dimly aware that he was sucking on my nipples and pushing my dress over my head and up my arms, leaving me naked. With his hands cupping my ass, Jake lifted me off the floor. I laced my fingers together at the nape of his neck and wrapped my legs around him, digging the heels of my pumps into his ass. He growled and his cock throbbed inside me. Stepping away from the wall, Jake stood in the middle of the living room, sunlight bathing us in warmth through the open windows.

Anyone walking down the sidewalk could have seen us, could have seen Jake cradling me in his arms with ease, could have seen him lower my body onto his achingly hard cock, pushing deep, deeper, so very fucking deep.

"Uhhngod," I groaned and clenched my insides around him.

"Fuck," he hissed.

He lifted me up slowly, so very slowly, pulling my sucking vagina up his mammoth shaft to the crown, then he dropped me onto his imposing girth.

"Jake!"

He split me open, speared me deep, cramming me full of his cock, much more than I had taken before. I felt stuffed to the point of breaking, my body straining to take him, protesting his unbearable size while struggling to create a tight, warm, and loving home for his unnatural maleness. I couldn't feel his groin against mine, so I knew there was more of him outside me. God, how could I possibly take all of him?

"Fuck, you feel amazing," he murmured.

Jake bounced me up and down his cock, just tossing me up and then catching me on the way down, letting my body impale itself on his until he brought me with another scream.

"Six days, Rebecca," he said, lifting me up to his crown and holding me there while I came for him, my climaxing vagina nipping at his massive tip like a small hot mouth.

"Six days of fucking you," he said, carrying me over to the couch and laying me down with my butt perched on the edge of the cushion, his cock head lodged inside me like an insanely large cork, pulsing and throbbing with the beat of his heart.

"God, Jake," I murmured, head rolling back and forth, tears gathering in my eyes, hoop earrings bouncing against my neck and his choker, his collar, his claim on me tight around my throat.

"Six days of using you." He hooked my legs in front of his arms and leaned over me, tilting my pelvis up towards him. Then he clasped his hands around my waist and sunk his enormous cock inside me, so hard and thick, pushing so very deep, pumping in and out of me. "Six days of making you come."

I was thrusting my hips as best I could, trying to take more of him inside me. Jake rolled his hips, pulling out slow and plunging back in, every thrust just a little bit deeper than the last. For a while, I just watched his incredible cock plunging in and out of me, liberally coated with the glistening secretions from within me. It was an amazing sight, his infinitely long shaft just sinking into me. My gaze was locked there, and I came twice watching him fuck me, small but intense climaxes that made me so hot and wet that Jake was pushing even deeper inside me.

I watched with awe, and a little bit of fear, as his groin came closer and closer to my bald vagina. It felt like there was no more room left inside me. I couldn't imagine how he could get any deeper. But when I flicked my gaze up to his, the fear inside me spiked. His eyes burned with lust and his lips were pressed into a thin line of determination as his hips continued to roll up and down and his cock powered into me. And that's when I knew that Jake would not be satisfied with any old fuck today. He was going to shove every last inch of his cock inside me. He was going to get balls deep in his best friend's wife.

I was coming again, watching his turgid length plowing past the obscenely stretched mouth of my vagina, watching more and more of his thick veiny shaft vanishing inside me. Then it finally happened. With a deep growl from him and a throaty groan from me, Jake pushed the very last of his immense penis into my body.

The feel of being so very full, the overwhelming sensation of him stretching my slippery walls to their maximum capability, of being taken so completely in the only way that a man can truly take a woman...it shattered me. My back arched, my hands clawed at his arms, and my ravaged little pussy just went wild around him. I could feel my body trying to pull him inside me, trying to make him a permanent part of me. He was so large that I swear I could feel him all the way up to my chest (he wasn't, obviously). I climaxed for an eternity on his beautifully big dick, his groin pressed tight to mine, his unyielding cock just impaling me and pinning me to the couch.

When I could finally open my eyes, I was still coming down, but still coming. I looked between us, marveling at the completeness of our bodies joined so intimately, so perfectly, at his ability to fill me up so fucking thoroughly.
