 Disclaimer: All characters are over eighteen years of age.

Editing credit: Blind_Justice

Copyright © 2013 redskyes

Author's note: This is a continuation of a series. You'll probably enjoy this more if you start with Part 1.

Chapter 18

The strangest thing happened the next morning, something that was entirely new to me. I woke up wet. I don't mean Jake's semen, though that was there too. It had dried on me during the night, but some of it was wet again, because I was. I laid there for a while and just listened to my body and explored what I was feeling, the tightness inside me, the warmth and slickness, the pressure of my thighs squeezing together which I couldn't seem to stop no matter how hard I tried.

Yes, I woke up horny.

Trust me, it was a first.

Jake was still sound asleep, but of course, he was hard as a rock, his unbelievably huge erection just jutting out over his washboard abs. The sight of his impressive cock only worsened my aroused state. There was even a small wet spot just below his navel, where he was leaking. God, the urge to lean over him and lick up that glistening fluid was insanely strong.

It was a wretched compulsion -- maybe too strong a word, so just very unlady-like -- so I shook my head clear and gingerly got out of his bed. I started to head for the kitchen, then noticed my shirt was kind of scratchy. I stood in the hall and lifted the hem. There was dried semen all over it, so I went to my room and threw it in the hamper. While looking for something to wear, I noticed the time. It was really late in the morning. Jake needed to be up and off for work in less than thirty minutes, so I grabbed my dark blue satin robe and rushed to the kitchen.

I had just turned the coffee pot on when Jake pressed his body against my back and wrapped his arms around my waist and chest. His looming presence spiked my arousal again.

"Good morning," he murmured, digging his nose into my hair behind my ear and nuzzling me there. "Coffee ready?"

"Just started it," I replied, tightening my grip on the edge of the counter when he pushed my hair aside with his nose and kissed the nape of my neck.

"How long do we have?"

I sighed as his soft lips and hot tongue trailed a path over my shoulder. "A few minutes."

He pushed his hands inside my robe, one gliding down my stomach and the other palming my left breast. "A few minutes, huh?"

My head fell back against his shoulder, and when he lightly pinched my nipples, it was like he'd set off a direct current of electricity between my legs. I gasped and reached up behind me to grab the back of his head. Jake nuzzled my neck, kissing and biting gently. Fondling my other breast, my robe now gaping open, Jake pressed his other hand against my stomach, pulling my lower body towards him, then he pushed his hand between my legs and slid two fingers down my shockingly wet center.

"Fuck, you're wet," he growled, pressing the tips of two fingers against my opening, making me moan and pull his hair.

"I haven't showered," I told him.

"I don't care."

"But there's not enough time."

"A few minutes is all I need."

"For what?" I asked.

But then his enormous crown was spreading me open and pushing inside me. I cried out wordlessly and arched my back. Jake captured both of my breasts in his big hands and just shoved his massive cock into my body, inch after hard inch. He had to work his hips back and forth three times before he was fully seated within me.

"No fucking around," he told me, pinching my nipples and stroking his gloriously huge cock out and right back in.

"Oh God," I moaned, feeling him thrust again, from crown to balls.

"Just come for me," he growled, rolling my nipples between his fingers. "Come on my fucking cock, Rebecca."

I was beside myself with pleasure, standing in the kitchen and letting him take me from behind, fucking me with every inch of his beautiful dick, just drilling my body with his colossal maleness. He fucked into me six times and I was coming, bathing his thrusting length in my arousal, slapping both hands on the counter and pushing back to take everything he had. He long-stroked me and picked up the pace, and I felt him swell, getting harder, longer, wider.

"Not inside," I hissed.

Jake growled and brutally ripped his cock out of me. It was so sudden that my body felt empty, like part of me was missing. Grabbing my arm, Jake spun me around to face him and pushed me down to my knees. The glistening crown of his cock was right in my face when the slit at his tip widened and blasted me with hot semen. He stroked his fist up and down his mighty member, pressed the erupting crown to my lips and pushed into my mouth. The taste of my body on him was rather potent, since we had yet to clean up from our nocturnal activities, but I didn't care. I just bathed his smooth helmet with my tongue and gave it sloppy kisses while it gushed shocking amounts of cum on my face and in my mouth.

The whole affair had taken no more than a minute, which was amazing, considering how incredible it had felt. After a while, I just remained on my knees and kissed and licked his cock. At one point, I even leaned back against the cabinets behind me and let him fuck his big crown in and out of my mouth. When I heard the coffee pot clatter, I looked up at him. Jake was holding a cup of steaming coffee and grinning down at me.

"Thanks, Becca."

And just like that, he walked away, leaving me kneeling on the kitchen floor with his abundant spend coating most of my face and dripping onto my swollen breasts. I gaped at his back, feeling like I had been absolutely used, no more than a receptacle for his semen. Jake stopped at the threshold of the living room, enormous penis sticking out from his body like a lance, almost comically. He glanced at me over his shoulder, and when he saw my shocked, almost horrified expression, he raised one eyebrow.

"Don't forget to put your collar back on."

Oddly, my anger cooled in an instant. As he walked away, it just kind of clicked into place for me. Well, I should say that my place clicked. Respect had nothing to do with how he had just treated me. I was his. I belonged to him. He could do anything he wanted with me, to me, and as long as I allowed it, that wouldn't change. It had nothing to do with personalities or feelings, so there was no implied insult in what he'd said or done. It was entirely physical, and nothing more. It was rather uncomplicated, really.

As it turned out, I really liked being used.

With a cup of coffee in me and more waiting, I took a shower and thought over my day. I needed to make another trip to the drug store, for one thing. I also needed to put in a little time on the photo album for Ryan's family. We usually spent the Fourth of July with them. We would rent a big cabin in Oklahoma -- or two, if his brother and sisters and their families joined us -- and spend a week together. Part of that tradition was bringing along a new photo album for everyone to browse through. His family sent me pictures throughout the year, and I assembled them into a kind of scrapbook. It was a constant project and I didn't like letting it get away from me.

I pulled on low-rise jeans and a baby tee, pulled my hair back into a low ponytail, applied minimal makeup, and checked out the results in the mirror. Imagine my surprise to see Jake's collar around my throat. I hadn't even realized I was putting it on. Of course, the moment I saw it there, the small medallion catching the light in the hollow of my throat, my insides flushed with damp heat.

God, he'd turned me into Pavlov's dog!

Well, I couldn't go run errands wearing it, but I didn't have to leave just yet. I wanted another cup of coffee or two first, so it could stay on for now. I'd just taken my fresh cup of coffee outside when I heard my cell phone ringing. I ran back to get it.

"Hello?"

"Hi, honey," Ryan said tiredly.

"Ryan," I replied, shocked that he had called.

"Did I call at a bad time?"

"No, not at all." I went outside and sat down, taking a sip of coffee. "I just wasn't expecting to hear from you. You didn't call when you landed."

He sighed. "I know. We didn't exactly have a happy parting. I thought you might want some time to yourself."

I cringed, because for the most part, I had had very little time to myself. Most of it had been spent with Jake. At that thought, I was instantly aware of the collar around my neck. Jake's collar. It should have been weird to be wearing it while talking to my husband, but it wasn't. Ryan had pretty much left me to my own devices for the better part of two years. Jake had stepped up, so he kind of deserved to place a mark of ownership on me. Besides, I really liked being owned by someone.

"How are you?" I asked, changing the subject.

"Exhausted," he sighed again. "The St. Louis branch is a mess right now. They're in the middle of a Sarbanes Oxley audit, and I'm trying to help them get everything in order."

It occurred to me then that I'd never even asked what he was going out of town for. "Is that why you were sent down?"

"Partially. The branch manager announced his retirement. Derek--" that was Ryan's vice president "--wanted me to make sure everything was in order before they hire the new manager."

"Did he consider you?" I asked.

Ryan chuckled. "He dropped a hint or two, yes."

I mulled that over for a moment. Two years ago, if Ryan had told me he wanted to move to St. Louis to take a job there, I would have agreed without even thinking about it. I would have followed him anywhere. But now? I was torn.

"I haven't really given it any thought, since I haven't talked to you about it yet," he said. "It would be a big change for us both, and I'd be asking you to leave all of your friends. Not quite ready to even consider asking you to do that."

My eyebrows went up at his consideration of my feelings. I hadn't expected that at all. "You'd be leaving a friend behind too."

"True," he chuckled. "Speaking of Jake, how is he treating you?"

"Fine," I said noncommittally, fingering the collar.

There was an awkward pause. "He's taking good care of you?"

I blushed and felt things tighten low in my body. Lately, Jake had been quite thorough in taking care of my needs. "Very."

"I knew he would," he said quietly. "Jake is Jake, after all."

My breath caught in my chest. Did Ryan suspect? Did he know? I took a moment to gather my courage. "What do you mean?"

"Well, you know Jake. He's an alpha male. Get him alone with a woman and he takes charge." Boy, does he ever, I thought. "You're not helpless or anything. I mean, I know you don't need to be taken care of like that, not in every little detail, but I figured with me being gone, he would do what he always does. You know, step up."

Oh, Jake had stepped up alright. He'd taken over the one role in my life that I needed most those days. "He has," I said before I could stop it.

"Tell me?"

Um, no. Not a good idea. Time to change the subject again. "Actually, I've learned some interesting things from him since you left."

Nervously, he said, "Such as?"

"He told me you used to be somewhat of a ladies man, before we met."

Ryan laughed. "I wouldn't say that."

"He said you didn't have any trouble hooking up with women."

A pause. "I guess I didn't."

"He said the girls you slept with would talk about you for days."

Another pause. "I suppose they did."

God, it was like pulling teeth. "I had no idea." When he didn't say anything, I barreled on. "I didn't believe him at first. It just didn't sound like you." He still didn't say anything. The line was so quiet that if it weren't for the sound of the hotel room air conditioner running in the background, I'd have thought we'd been disconnected. "You've never really taken charge, you know, in the bedroom."

"Like Jake?" he said.

My breath caught again. I had to fight not to gasp. But that wasn't actually what I'd been thinking. Tersely, I replied, "No. Like you used to, before you met me." After a long moment of silence, I asked, "What changed, Ryan? Why did you change?"

"Does it bother you, knowing how I used to be?" Before I could answer, he added, "I assumed you would have found the old me rather repulsive."

That didn't make sense to me at all. "Why?"

He sighed. "You were just so...innocent when we met. You wanted to save yourself for marriage, and I was head over heels for you, so I respected that. You had this purity about you and..." he trailed off.

"And what?"

"Well, even after we got married, I was afraid you would think I was, I don't know, filthy, I guess, that I was trying to corrupt you somehow."

But that was exactly what I wanted, what I needed, to be taken, to be dirtied even. "Ryan..."

He cut me off, and he sounded frustrated, angry. "That wasn't who I showed you. That wasn't the guy you married. I didn't want to scare you, but more importantly, I didn't want to be judged."

That took me aback. "Judged? Why would you assume that? Why didn't you just talk to me?"

He snorted. "If that doesn't sound like a case of 'too little, too late', I don't know what does."

"I didn't say that," I snapped at him. "But I'm getting there, I assure you."

Ryan all but yelled at me through the phone. "What do you want from me, Rebecca? I bought you your dream house. I got you a nice car. I keep your closet full and your credit cards nice and fat. I don't crowd you and I don't nag you. I'm far from the perfect husband, but I do everything I can to make up for what I can't. Just tell me what the hell you want."

I was too angry to catch the significance of something he'd said. My voice low and quiet, I replied, "Nothing, Ryan. I don't want you to do anything you don't want to do, and if that includes me, that's just fine."

I hung up on him and stormed back into the house, dropping my coffee cup into the sink with a loud clatter, then grabbed my keys and headed out. I was furious until late in the afternoon. I could barely sort out the conversation I'd had with my husband. He provided for me, sure, but it was his choice. He had wanted me to be the good little housewife, the innocently sweet woman that simply lay on her back and accept her husband without argument, so that's exactly what I'd done.

I was beginning to wonder if that wasn't what he wanted though. It was almost like he'd wanted to fight with me. Maybe he was looking for a way out, picking a fight to push me away because he didn't have the balls to tell me that he was unhappy. Well, I was unhappy, but it seemed I wasn't lacking in the balls department.

"I love your medallion."

I blinked and looked at the drug store clerk behind the counter, a blonde teenage girl. An older woman was back there too, Estelle. She'd worked there for as long as I could remember, and she knew me. She looked over at me.

The girl smiled, looking at my neck. "What does the J stand for?"

My hand went to my throat. Oh my God. I was still wearing the choker!

Estelle squinted at my neck. "Isn't your husband's name Ryan?"

I laughed nervously. "Oh, it's for his pet name."

"Oh? What's that?" Estelle asked.

I swallowed and felt a blush creeping up my face. I looked at the girl. "I'm sorry, but I'm kind of in a hurry."

"Oh, sure. Just a moment," she said, hurriedly stuffing my receipt into the bag and handing it over.

By the time I got out of there, I was mortified. Taking the choker off, I started the car and headed home. My God, what was wrong with me? How could I have forgotten I'd been wearing it? Maybe I was just that mad at Ryan.

Jake's truck was in the driveway when I got home, which was a surprise. I didn't announce my arrival when I walked in. I just headed for the kitchen to take my morning-after pill. While I was filling the glass, I heard Jake come in.

"Did you get off work early?" I popped the pill in my mouth and washed it down with water. When I turned around, he was just standing there, watching me. He was wearing nothing but a towel around his waist and his hugely muscular body glistened with beads of water. I couldn't help but smirk. "Are you always just getting out of the shower?"

The corner of his mouth lifted in a wry grin. He looked at my neck and frowned.

"No collar," he said simply.

My fingers went to my throat. Something in his tone had me wary. A moment later, I realized why. There were only a few feet between us, but Jake closed the distance like a predator, his hot gaze raking over my body. In an instant, I felt like a piece of meat, his prey, and heat began to gather low in my body.

"You shouldn't have taken it off," he said quietly, hands on my hips and pushing under my shirt.

"I-I had to go out for errands," I stammered.

"Then you should have put it back on." Jake pushed his hands up my sides, lifting my shirt.

"I'm sorry."

He forced my arms up and lifted my shirt off. He took in my bra-encased breasts and sighed, and without preamble, he opened my jeans and pushed them down my legs with my panties, lowering himself onto his knees.

"I should make dinner," I told him, trying to keep my voice from quivering as he lifted my leg and took my sandal off.

Jake didn't say anything. He lifted my other leg and took that sandal off too, but rather than put my foot back down, he hiked my leg up further, over his shoulder. My dewy vagina was openly exposed to him, and I took a sharp breath as he stared at me down there, licking his lips.

"Take off your bra," he told me.

I reached behind me to do just that, and as I worked the clasp open, Jake leaned forward, turned his head, and licked right up my center. I sucked in a breath through my teeth, momentarily losing focus and just standing there in my bra as Jake lapped at my vagina. His tongue was huge, hot and eager, just swiping through my cleft over and over again. My chest heaved with deep breaths, my leg began to tremble, and the temptation to reach down and run my fingers through his thick hair was enormous. But just as I was about to grab hold of his head, just as I was about to come, a sharp smack to my ass snapped me out of my reverie.

Blinking my eyes to focus, I took off my bra and let it fall to the floor. Jake clenched my ass tight in one hand and reached up with the other to maul my breasts and pinch my nipples, all the while licking and slurping between my legs. My insides were tightening deliciously, intensely, almost painfully, itching to be filled, to be fucked. So close. So very close.

Jake picked my jeans up from the floor. With one final and very deep lick, he stood up. I moaned in complaint, biting my lower lip. He pinned me in place with a stern look alone, his chin glistening. He fished around in the pockets of my jeans and found the collar. Instead of putting it on me, he took my hand and pulled me into the living room. My legs shook the entire way. With a flick of his fingers, his towel dropped to the floor, his cock huge and hard and just jutting up from between his legs with such incredible power and virility.

"I told you not to take this off when you were home," he said, putting the collar on me. His hot gaze bored into mine, fingertips playing with the lace around my throat. "Since you can't follow that simple instruction, this is all you get to wear for the weekend."

I blinked at him. He couldn't be serious. Surely he didn't expect me to remain naked the entire weekend.

"Unless someone comes over or unless you absolutely must leave the house, no clothes."

Holy shit. He was serious.

Jake put his hands on my shoulders and pushed me down to sit on the couch. The enormous tip of his cock blocked most of my field of view. It bobbed up and down with the beat of his heart, the veins running along the length of his shaft just bulging obscenely. His fingers dug into my hair, hands cupping my head, and I knew what he wanted.
