 By the end of the party, I was, to say the least, rather drunk. I wandered into my bedroom. I was holding the hand of one of my best girl friend as she was struggling to stand (having reached a fair state also). I laid her down on my bed and made sure she was comfortable, before I headed off to the bathroom.

'You'll be back soon won't you?' Mumbled Kirsten, waking me out of my reverie a bit.

'Sure.' I replied.

'Good. Need you to keep me warm tonight. It's pretty cold.'

As I wandered off to the bathroom, I began to think about sleeping in the same bed as Kirsten. I'd had a crush on her for a long time but never had the chance to do anything as she had been with another guy.

Kirsten was quite short, with olive skin, as she was half pacific-islander. She had long brown hair, with a slight reddish tinge. She had a great body, with a flat stomach, small, but nicely formed breasts, and a great arse. She was wearing jeans which perfectly showed off her arse, and a fairly low cut top, which allowed a nice look down her top. 

We had been dancing together most of the night and it was great to cop a feel as she danced close to me. More than once I had thought about kissing her and looking at her thought that she wanted to as well. I had definitely thought about her as more than a friend, and more than once, and now I wasn't sure if she felt the same and whether I could take things any further with her.

'Ben? Ben, are you around here?' I heard my name being called softly by another one of my girl friends, Mari.

'Hey Mari, over here.' I called back, as I headed back from the bathroom.

Mari headed over towards me. 'I'm pretty smashed Ben. Could I stay in your bed? I don't really wanna sleep on the blow up beds downstairs like this.

'Sure. But it might be a tight fit. Kirsten is in there at the moment. I guess I could always crash down there.'

'Don't be silly. I'm sure we can squash up. Besides, you'll keep me warm, coz it's fucking cold out there.' Mari replied. I laughed.

'No misbehaving though!!' She said as she winked at me. Mari and I had been close for so long (even hooked up a couple of times) and she knew about what I thought of Kirsten.

I poked her in the ribs and made her giggle. 'You'd better behave or you can go sleep downstairs!!' I warned her.

'You wouldn't do that to me.' She pouted.

'You're right, you're just too cute.' I said as I winked at her.

'Thanks babes.' Mari replied as she kissed me on the cheek and hugged me against her and then headed into the bedroom.

Mari was a Korean girl but who had lived in an English speaking country her whole life. She was a bit taller than Kirsten, and a bit slimmer. She had dyed auburn hair and brown eyes. She had one of the most amazing arses I had ever seen and regretted never making a move on her years ago. She also had small but perfect breasts, and a great tanned body. She knew she was gorgeous and didn't mind showing it off. Tonight, she was wearing a short jean skirt, which only just came below the bottom of her arse cheeks and showed off her great legs. Her tight tank top was clinging to her breasts and I could see the outline of her nipples through her top and bra.

'Stop checking my arse out, cheeky!!' Mari said looking back over her shoulder at me, and winking as she walked into the bedroom.

I headed into my bedroom after Mari. She was slipping her bra out from under her shirt and dropping it on the floor.

'You were right when you said you were cold.' I said as I nodded towards her hard nipples, with a grin.

'Hey!! Behave hun!!' Mari giggled as she hit me playfully in the arm. 'Back in a sec, just need to head to the bathroom.'

I jumped into bed to check on Kirsten. 'You're back.' Kirst whispered sleepily.

'Yea sorry, I ran into Mari. She needed a place to crash as well. Means that we might be a bit squashed though.'

'That's ok. Like I said you'll need to keep me warm. I'm freezing. At least you'll be closer to me.' She said. 'Can you do me a favour and help me get my top and pants off. I'm very uncomfortable.'

'Sure you won't be too cold Kirst?' I said.

'I will be, but I can't sleep in these clothes. It's too uncomfortable. You'll just have to work even harder to keep me warm won't you?'

I definitely felt that she wanted more than just friendship at this point and the thought of holding her close against me, while wearing only her underwear, definitely turned me on.

I helped her take her top off, and slid her jeans off her legs. I dropped them both on the floor, took my clothes off, leaving my underwear on, and jumped into bed and cuddled up close to Kirsten, hugging her from behind.

'Mmmmmm, you're nice and warm, like a hot water bottle.' Kirst whispered as she snuggled back against me.

I heard Mari approaching the bed and felt her climb in under the covers as well.

'How you doing Kirst?' Mari whispered.

'Meh. I've felt better. But I'm a lot warmer now.' She replied, sounding half asleep.

I began to think that Kirsten was probably not in the best state for anything tonight. Although disappointed, I was happy to be close to her.

A few minutes later, it sounded as though both girls were asleep. My mind was buzzing and I knew that with these two girls lying next to me, it would most definitely not be easy to fall asleep at all.

The bed rustled as Mari shifted, and I felt her come closer to me and whisper in my ear. 'I saw her clothes on the floor, naughty boy.'

'She said she was uncomfortable!!' I whispered back as I defended myself.

'I'm only kidding hun.' She giggled softly. 'Can I get a bit closer to you Ben? I'm fucking freezing!! Can't have you giving all your warmth to Kirst, and not saving any for me!!'

'Sure Mari. Come here.' She shifted closer to me and snuggled up against my back.

'Thanks babes.' She breathed into my ear, and kissed me softly on the cheek. 'Night Ben.'

'Night hun.' I whispered back.

Shortly after I could feel her breath on the back of my neck as she was breathing deeply.

My right arm was over Kirsten and resting on her stomach. Without really thinking I was drawing little circles on her stomach with my finger.

'Feels nice.' Kirsten whispered so softly. I was surprised as I thought that she was asleep. I stopped what I was doing.

She shifted her hand and put it on top of mine. She started moving mine in circles again. 'Don't stop, it feels really nice.' I carried on rubbing her stomach in circles with her hand on mine. 'Mmmmm your hand is so warm Ben.'

I kissed her on her shoulder and the back of her neck softly as I continued to rub in circles. I could still hear Mari asleep behind me, her body pressed up against me. Kirsten moved my hand up her body and onto her breasts, still covered by her bra.

I rubbed softly on her bra. 'Inside.' She breathed to me. I slid my hand inside her bra and began to rub her nipple. Kirsten let out a small gasp of breath as I touched her nipple. I could feel it begin to harden beneath my fingers.

Kirsten shifted so that she was lying on her back, while I was still on my side, my hand was still caressing her breast. I kissed her neck and although it was dark, I could see her turn her head towards me. I kissed her lightly on her soft lips. I leant in closer and kissed her harder, her soft tongue entered my mouth, as I kissed her deeper. A small moan escaped her.

Mari was still pressed against my back, but I could feel her shifting around as I was changing positions. She moved her arm off me but was still pressed close up against me.

I continued kissing Kirsten as she reached her hand around and pulled my head closer against her. I reached under her back and with one hand unclipped her bra strap, and slid it out from under her.

'Take it off Ben, please.' Kirsten breathed softly to me. I slid the straps down her arms and totally off, freeing her breasts. I felt to her right nipple and slowly brushed across that. She gasped and pulled away from the kiss slightly as her nipple hardened to be as hard as the other one.

I felt Mari roll away slightly from me and on to her back. It seemed like she was still asleep.

I brushed my hands across both of Kirsten's nipples. They were hard but also felt so soft as I slid across her breasts.

'Oh fuck babe that's amazing.' She whispered.

I bent my head down and began to lick her soft nipples. Just teasing around the areola, before she started grabbing my head and trying to make me lick her nipple. I knew she wanted it, so I flicked my tongue across her stiff nipple lightly. Kirsten moaned, a bit louder this time.

I thought I heard movement and a sound from Mari's direction. I paused and checked behind me to see if she was still asleep. Her eyes were closed and she was still breathing deeply. It seemed like we were in the clear.

I turned back to Kirsten and starting sucking harder on her nipples. She stifled a moan as she started breathing harder. I slid my hand down to her inner thigh and began to rub lightly.

'Fuck Ben, touch me. I want you!! Please touch my pussy babe!!'

I began to rub her pussy through her panties. I could feel that they were already damp from the attention I had been giving her body. I could feel the heat from her pussy through her panties. I slid my hand down inside her underwear. I could feel that she was fully (and freshly) waxed as my fingers reached her clit. I rubbed her in a circle as her breathing became very erratic.

'Oh my fucking god Ben!! Fuck I'm hot for you!!' Kirsten moaned quite loudly. 

This time I was sure I heard a sound from Mari. Keeping my hand in Kirsten's panties, I shifted my head around to look in Mari's direction. She was lying on her back, her skirt pulled up around her waist. I could see that she had no panties on. Her top was off, exposing her gorgeous breasts. One hand was rubbing her breasts, while the other was rubbing her clit. Mari had a fully waxed pussy as well apart from a very narrow landing strip of very short hair just above her clit. I could hear that she was wet as she played with her pussy, her mouth half open in pleasure.

She looked directly at me this time and smiled. She mouthed 'This is so hot, don't stop what you're doing.'

'Did we wake her up?' Kirsten asked.

'Ummm you could say that.' I replied. I quickly whispered what Mari was doing, as I didn't want to lie.

'Well at least I don't need to be as quiet anymore.' Kirsten said, 'keep going Ben.'

I slid her panties to one side and slid one finger up the length of her pussy up to her clit. This brought a louder moan from her. I circled her clit and then I slid my finger into her hot, wet pussy.

'Oh fuck Ben that feels so great!!'

My cock was now getting uncomfortably hard in my boxers. It felt like I was going to burst right through them. I pressed my cock up against Kirsten as I continued to finger her wet pussy. She was gasping louder as she got wetter. My fingers were getting coated in her juices as she pressed herself down against my finger, trying to get them deeper inside her.

I slid a second finger inside her, feeling her wet heat, as I circled her clit with my thumb. I could hear soft moans coming from Mari's direction, and she gasped loudly as a pleasure wave hit her.

'Oh my god Ben!! You're fingers are fucking magic babe!! I'm gonna come so fucking hard!!' Kirsten moaned. She was pushing herself hard down on my fingers and riding them faster.

Mari leaned over and pulled my face towards me and kissed me hard and deep. 'Shit Ben this is so fucking sexy babe!! I'm gonna come all over your bed soon!! I'm so fucking wet!! If you're cock doesn't end up in my pussy later I'm gonna be really pissed off!!' She gasped out in between kissing me. 'It's so fucking sexy that you're making Kirsten come as well...turns me on even more!!'

'Ben make me come!!! Holy shit babe!! O fuck baby I'm gonna come all over your fingers Ben!!! O shit I'm close!! I'm fucking close babe...oh shit!! I can feel it babes!! O fuck baby!!!' Kirsten moaned as she closed in on her orgasm. I was fingering her pussy harder as she ground her clit against my thumb.

'O fuck this is sexy Ben!!!' Mari moaned into my ear. She was pressed up against me as she fucked herself. I could feel her arm moving frantically as she fingered her pussy, while the other arm was moving slower as she tweaked her stiff nipples. 'Ben I'm gonna come baby...I'm gonna fucking come all over your bed Ben!! Holy shit I'm close!! Oh my fucking god!! This is so fucking hot!!! My pussy is so fucking hot and wet right now!! Oh Ben!!! Fuck!!!! O yea baby make her come!!! O fuck!!! FUCK!!! O god Kirsten fucking come on his fingers!!! Fucking moan his name Kirst!! SHIT!!! O god I'm gonna fucking come!!! OHHH GOD!!!! SHIT!!! OH FUCK!! FUCK!!!!'

'O god yea Ben!!! Finger my hot pussy!!! O fuck I'm gonna soak your fingers baby!! Fuck I'm gonna come!! Mari fucking make yourself come you horny bitch!!! Fucking hell I'm gonna come Ben!! OH FUCK!!! FUCK!!! OH SHIT!!! I'M FUCKING COMING!!! OHHHHH FUCK!!!! FUCK!!! FUCK MY PUSSY BEN!!!! OH SHIT!!! OHHH GOD!!! FUCK!!' Kirsten screamed as she came on my fingers. I could feel her juices running down my fingers and wrist as she rode out her orgasm.

'OH FUCK THIS IS SO HOT!! I'M GONNA COME BEN!! FUCKING COME KIRST!! COME ON HIS FINGERS!!! OH GOD BEN I FUCKING WANT YOU SO BAD!!! FUCK I'M WET!!! I'M COMING BEN!! OH FUCK!!! OH SHIT BABY!! O GOD!!' Mari screamed as she came hard. She was pressed up against me and I could feel her orgasm trembling through her body as she came. 

Kirsten was still shaking from her orgasm when Mari leaned over and kissed me, while her hand reached around and down to my hard cock.

'Mmmmm, glad someone is turned on by all of that.' She whispered. I could feel her wet pussy juices on my cock as she stroked me, which made it even more pleasurable. Mari liked to squirt when she got really turned on, so her hand was soaked in her pussy juices.

'Holy fuck, that feels so fucking good babe!!' I said to Mari as she stroked my cock. Her hand felt amazing as her wet juices lubed up my hard cock as she teased me with her hands.

'Mmmmmm yea babe I love your hard cock. Fuck I want it inside me!!' Mari whispered as she nibbled softly on my ear. She was moaning softly as she stroked me, grinding her wet pussy against my leg and rubbing her breasts against me. Her nipples were so hard and I could clearly feel each nipple as it pressed against me.

I suddenly felt Kirsten's hand feel up the inside of my thigh, and rub my balls and reach up to my wet cock. She felt Mari's hand on my cock.

'Is he nice and hard Mari?' she asked.

'Fuck Kirsten this is such a hard cock, I desperately want to fuck him!' Mari replied.

'Ben, get your cock in me now baby!! I fucking need you!! I want it so bad!! I wanna be fucked!!' Kirsten moaned.

'Do it Ben. Fuck her hard and deep!! I'll get your cock in me later babe. If you don't fuck her now I'm gonna eat her pussy!!' Mari whispered to me, 'Here, get these off.' As she pulled my boxers off.

I slid closer to Kirsten and she lifted her leg slightly to allow access to her wet pussy. Her hand grabbed my cock and guided me towards her pussy. She was so hot and wet as my cock rubbed up her soft pussy lips and against her clit.

'Ooooohhhhhhhhhhhh fuck!!' Kirsten moaned as she felt my hard cock rubbing her pussy. She wrapped her hand around my cock and guided me inside her tight pussy. 'Get your cock in me now Ben!!' She was so wet that I slid in with no resistance. She moaned loudly as I slid deep into her, and her hot wet pussy enveloped my cock.

I reached under Kirsten, as I thrust into her from behind, and felt her breast and rubbed her nipple. 'Holy shit Ben, keep doing that!!! That feels so fucking amazing!!! God your cock feels so good inside me baby!!'

I could hear Mari moaning behind me as she fingered herself again. 'Fuck her hard Ben!! Fuck her deep!!! Make her come on your hard cock!!! Oh god baby I'm so wet!! I wanna come again Ben!!'

I reached behind me with my free hand and Mari grabbed my hand and pulled it to her pussy. I felt the heat from her pussy as she placed my hand against her. I slipped two fingers into her wet pussy and fingered her as she rubbed her clit and nipples with her free hands. 

'Ben you feel amazing inside me baby!! Your cock is so fucking hot and hard Ben!! Oh my god baby!! Oh shit yeah!!! Fuck me Ben!! Fuck me!!! Oh god!!! Fuck me harder!!! Fuck my pussy hard!!! Oh my fucking god, baby!!!' Kirsten was moaning loudly as I fucked her.

'Yea Ben!! Oh god you've got magic fingers baby!!! You're gonna make me come again!!' Mari moaned, 'This is turning me on so fucking much!! It's so fucking sexy with everything happening!!!'

I could feel that Kirsten was getting close to coming again, as she was pressing herself harder back against me, and moaning loudly, as I slid my cock deeper into her. 'God Kirst your pussy is so wet and tight babe!!' I said to her. I could tell that she was getting closer as she was just moaning (well almost screaming) rather than saying words.

'Holy fuck Ben I'm gonna come on your fingers babe!! Fuck!! Oh fuck!!! Shit yea!! Fuck me with your fingers Ben!! Oh my god I'm getting fucking close Ben!!' Mari was screaming in my ear as her hot juices were running down my fingers and onto my hand. She was writhing on the bed frantically rubbing her clit as I fingered her.

'Oh Ben!! Holy shit!!!' Kirsten suddenly screamed, 'I'm gonna come Ben!!! God your cock feels amazing inside me!! Fuck!!! Oh yea babe!!! Fuck me!!! Fuck me!!! Oh my fucking god!!!' Kirsten was screaming as I thrust harder into her. I was so turned on but I knew that I could hold back even when she came.

'Shit yea Ben!!!' Mari moaned, 'Fucking make her come!! Oh my fucking god I'm so horny right now!! Fuck I'm gonna come!! I'm getting so close Ben!!! Fucking come on his cock Kirst!!!'

'Oh fuck yea I'm fucking just about to Mari!!! I'm gonna come so fucking hard on his cock!!!' Kirsten's pussy was getting tight and I could feel that she was almost going to come. She was rubbing her clit as I fucked her from behind. 'Mari come on Ben's fingers babe!! I want to hear you scream in pleasure!!'

'Oh fuck Kirst!! Oh my fucking god Ben!!! Fuck this is so sexy!! Soak his cock with your pussy babe!!! Holy shit I'm almost there Ben!! Don't stop!! Please don't fucking stop!!!' Mari was shaking as she rapidly reached her peak.

My cock was as hard as a rock as I thrust harder and deeper into Kirsten. I could feel her pussy start to contract tightly on my cock as she started to come. 'Oh shit Ben I'm coming!!! Holy fuck!!! I'm fucking coming Ben!!! Oh fuck!! Shit yea!! Oh my god!! Fuck!! FUCK!!' Kirsten was screaming. I thrust as deep into her as I could and she came hard all over my cock. I could feel her juices soaking into me as they ran down my cock. 'OOOOOHHHHHH FUUUUUCCCCKKK!!!! FUCK!!! OHHH GOD!!! OOOHHH BEN!! Holy shit Ben!! Oh my fucking god, babe!!' Kirsten was still moaning as I left my hard cock inside her and turned my head to see Mari about to tip over the edge.

'Oh fuck Ben!! Fuck!! I'm gonna come babe!!! God Kirst, you sexy bitch!!! Hearing you come on Ben's cock almost made me come straight away!!!' Mari moaned.

'Come on his fingers Mari!! I wanna hear you come too babe!!! God, that was a fucking amazing orgasm!!!' Kirsten said. She slowly pulled off my still rock hard cock, which I was slightly disappointed about, and turned to face me. I rolled over onto my back, which gave me a better view of Mari, and also better access to her pussy. I fingered her a few more times before I felt the contractions on my fingers signalling the start of her orgasm.

'Holy shit Ben!!! Here it comes babe!!! Oh fuck here it comes!!! I'm gonna come!!! Oh fuck babe!!! I'm coming Ben!!! Oh fuck Ben!!! Oh yea babe!!! Oh god!!! You fucking like this Kirst?!?' Mari screamed as she tipped over the edge into a huge orgasm. I looked down to see Kirsten rubbing her clit and moaning softly as she watched Mari come.
