 Beth had no idea after a week at her new job as secretary that she'd be down on her knees with her mouth full of her new boss's cock. This was so unlike her, not to mention akin to the flimsy, lurid plot of a cheap porno. But nevertheless here she was, in Kevin's office with the door shut, her hands cupping his full, heavy shaved balls, her lips and tongue deftly slavering over his thick, vein-threaded member as he moaned deeply.

If only hubby would let me do this, she thought dimly. But then again, Kevin (as he insisted being called, not Mister Collin) was handsome, decent body in an older hunky guy kind of way, and his striking eyes, deep voice and salt and pepper hair practically made her wet during the interview a few weeks ago.

Kevin ran an efficient office, but casually so, and that reflected in his business attire on most days, which was khaki pants and Polo style shirts. Sure, during business meetings with clients he wore suits, but he usually dressed casually most days. But Beth couldn't see herself doing the same, so she stuck to skirts, blouses, business type attire for young professional women.

"Beth, would you mind coming in here for a few minutes," came the deep voice through the desk phone's intercom. Beth shuddered as waves of arousal coursed through her body. Her nipples instantly stiffened to bullet points, straining deliciously against the cups of her lacy bra. God, even hearing his voice made her instantly wet!

She quickly got up, grabbing her notepad and pen, straightening her dark skirt and cream-colored blouse, hoping her long strawberryblonde hair pulled back into a semi-professional ponytail didn't appear too casual. She thought about pulling it out, but then her hair would be messy...

Don't keep him waiting, you dummy! She shook her head and pivoted on her high heels, striding to the closed walnut office door. Taking a deep breath, she knocked.

"Come in, Beth," Kevin said, ostensibly from behind his desk.

She entered and smiled tightly, shutting the door. She was slightly surprised to see her boss moving from behind his broad cherry desk to the matching cabinet off to one side. Along two walls to the right were bookshelves neatly crammed with leather bound classics, many of which she herself owned. Another turn-on...a well-read man. Opposite those were the large window overlooking the office parking lot and beyond, the downtown area of the city. Late afternoon sunlight hit this side of the building, and he'd closed the blinds.

"Would you like a drink? I'm having a whiskey with ice," he said as he fetched two tumblers and a bottle of Knob Creek. "It's Friday and it's been a week, wouldn't you say?"

Beth blushed, nodding. "Um, sure...yes sir."

Kevin smiled, as he made the drinks, looking over at her. "Call me Kevin, Beth," he told her as he walked over to hand her the glass. "You know I'm pretty informal here."

They clinked glasses and took a sip, and Kevin gestured to the plush chocolate brown leather sofa below the wide shuttered window. "Let's sit and talk."

The whiskey warmth had begun to make her feel nice, not to mention if she drank the whole two fingers she'd have a very hard time keeping her very inappropriate thoughts about her boss to herself...alcohol had a way of lubriciously doing that. But then as his smiled vanished as they sat down, her mind filled with visions of him telling her she'd been doing a horrible job, that he'd have to let her go...

But I thought I was doing okay, she thought. He seemed pleased with how I've performed so far...or at least I thought? 

"Beth, you're doing a fabulous job here," he began, and Beth exhaled a sigh of relief. 

"Thank you, sir...I mean, Kevin," she said, hoping her blush deepening didn't appear too obvious. She sipped more bourbon and clenched her thighs. Dimly, she wondered if he'd noticed her jutting nipples beneath her bra. The delicious juncture between her thighs felt moist and hot.

"We have the staff meeting Monday morning and I wanted you to take notes on some things I had in mind for that, but..."

He trailed off, his gray green eyes fixed on her behind the stylish wire - rimmed glasses. His slight unshaven jaw tensed. 

"What is it? Everything okay?" she asked, poised with her pad in her lap, pen at the ready. She'd put down the tumbler on the small smoked glass table next to the couch.

"I just...feel like we've met before," he confessed, grinning sheepishly. "Maybe at the gym, or bookstore...the cafe there, I don't know. You just seem...familiar." 

Beth smiled, nodded, but while that might've been possible, she didn't recall meeting him previously. But like his confession, the few things about him he'd casually shared made her feel the same way. Yes, her boss was fairly serious while at work, not always all business, but they shared similar tastes in books, music, movies, food...and it certainly helped they crackled an air of electric attraction between them. Notwithstanding her own attraction to him, she had noticed the occasional looks her way. 

He wants me, she thought. Fuck...but we're both married! 

"I probably shouldn't say this to you," he began, sipping whiskey. "But...oh fuck..."

Her heart stuttered in her chest. Just say it, dammit! Or I will! 

She'd noticed before he continued that he'd shifted his position on the sofa so he'd faced her, and the definite bulge in his khakis made it obvious.

"What the hell," Kevin said and drained the rest of the amber-colored liquor. "Beth, I'm very attracted to you. I'm sorry. I shouldn't say that and if you want-"

Before she'd realized what she was doing, Beth dropped the pad and pen on the table next go get half-drunk glass, and slid over to him. Her hands glided over his big thighs, rubbing, as she leaned up to kiss him. Tongues lashed, lips sucked, both tasting of bourbon. She moaned as her hands gripped his cock through his pants. His own hands has grasped his hips, pulling her into his embrace, running up and down her back as they continued kissing with wild abandon. When he caressed her breasts, she purred against his mouth...then pushed away. Her fingers tugged at his zipper.

Kevin grinned as he let her reach inside and grip his turgid manhood. He uttered a low, deep groan. As she deftly pulled him out of the zippered slit, she relished how warm and thick he was, pulsating in her hands. In a word, his cock was beautiful. Bigger than hubby, too, not that it mattered. Protuberant veins threaded around his girth, but it was his swollen, bulbous cockhead that caused her to lick her lips. 

But before she shifted off the sofa to her knees, which would be more comfortable than leaning down from her position next to him, she pressed her luscious lips to the tip and kissed him. Her tongue teased the sensitive underside of the head.

"Mmmm, fuck yes, baby..." Kevin groaned. 

Her hands caressed him, then gripped him at the base (and she noted that he kept his area shaved and trimmed), and took him into her mouth, slowly sucking, savoring his masculine musk. She was dripping wet!

"Mmmmm," she moaned with her mouth full of delicious Kevin-cock, taking him into her mouth all the way, no gagging, and back out, her tongue licking the underside of him as he popped out, bobbing. She teasingly lapped at the damp tip. 

"Fuck me, Beth, baby," he said, his hands placed on her shoulders, then moving up to cup her face as she gazed up at him, matching his raw naked lust with her smoldering own.

Then he moved his hands down to cup her ample breasts, squeezing gently, and she purred as his fingers closed over her erect nipples, tweezing them. She wanted to stand up and strip off her clothes, so he could behold her wanton naked body, flushed with her total desire and arousal for him. But even though no one would suddenly walk into the office-being Friday most of the staff had left for the day to start their weekend early-there was always a chance someone might knock on the door, one of the cleaning ladies. 

"Beth, I want to see you...take off your bra and panties," he said as he stroked his cock idly. "I want to taste you."

She felt her face grow warm, her heart drumming a steady beat in her chest to match the upside down triangle of achingly delicious throbbing from her nipples and clit. God, she'd never been wetter in her life! What if I'm soaked and he doesn't like that? But that's ridiculous! 

Pushing off his strong thighs, she got to her feet, kicked off her heels and unbuttoned her blouse most of the way, reaching around to undo the clasps. As she freed her breasts, Kevin groaned as he fixed his hungry gaze on her nipples, dark pink nubs with medium wide areolas. Next, she hiked up her skirt and slipped off her damp lavender panties. She gave him a brief tease of her pussy, glistening with her juices and the soft trimmed patch of hair.

"Straddle me, baby," he said. He gripped his throbbing, vein-threaded shaft in his right hand, the bulbous cockhead the size of medium-sized plum. The slit at the tip oozed viscous precum.

Beth climbed onto him, her arms encircling his neck, her face looking down at him as he growled deep in his throat and licked and kissed her ample cleavage. She hissed with pleasure as he sucked and gently nibbled her nipples, alternately. Both his hands gripped her hips and rubbed his ass, grasping her firm ass cheeks, squeezing. Their lips met, feverishly, hungrily, tongues darting, probing, tasting...

Kevin moved his hips undulatently, pushing upward and nudging his cock against her soaked cunt. Her tender swollen flesh parted as his thick member glided between her lips, and she matched his teasing movements, back and forth, as his girth and head rubbed deliciously over her aching clit. Fuck, she wanted to reach down and shove him inside her now!

Roll over, Beth," he grunted and somewhat roughly, grabbed her shoulders, to turn her around on his lap. He grinned at her, lasciviously. The smoldering, simmering to overflow lust mirrored in her own eyes, and she guessed he wanted to fuck her from behind, which was one of her favorite positions, but she couldn't help feeling a twinge of disappointment. She loved being on top!

"Mmmm, fuck yes, baby," he said as she repositioned herself atop him. Thankfully the leather sofa was large enough to accommodate what was going to be the 69. Kevin lowered his upper half and hooked his arms under her thighs, grabbing her buttocks to spread them open. Beth moaned as she lay her forearms flat and opened her mouth, her pink tongue lashing over his swollen cockhead. His precum oozed and she lapped it up hungrily. Her hands cupped his full, heavy balls, running her lips and tongue under his thick member before she pulled up to take him slowly into her mouth, savoring every delicious, throbbing inch.

When Kevin shoved has face into her, she gasped around his cock, as his eager tongue tended to her, lashing up and down her ruffled wet edges, swirling over the erect nub of her clit a few times, then probed into her tender inner flesh. She gushed a little as she continued her deft oral ministrations. Her fingers gripped his base, his cock engorged, and she could sense him moving his hips. Her pussy throbbed and gushed more into his mouth as he devoured her drenched cunt, sucking on her lips, his tongue wriggling faster and more focused on her clit...oh god, fuck yes, she was so fucking close...

Kevin pressed his lips to her clit and sucked as he inserted first one finger and then two, and she suddenly felt a sizzling, tingling white hot bolt of ecstasy rocket from her center and connecting all her pleasure centers together, and she shuddered and cried out, her mouth releasing him for a second or two. She came, explosively, bucking, writhing against him as he convulsed and erupted like a geyser.

Her gaping mouth caught most of his ropy white strings of cum, but some of the creamy droplets splattered her chin, cheeks and extended tongue. She swallowed, sucking his cock deep into her mouth, throat, licking and sucking as he continued his intense ejaculation, shuddering beneath her, legs juddering, his belly quivering. He cried out in long guttural exclamations, as she rode wave after wave of orgasm, his tongue laving her still, flickering over her clit, his face damp with her honeyed fluids...

At some point they both slowed and then ceased their mutual pleasure giving, chests heaving and their exposed skin glistening. Faces flushed, they rested a bit, until Beth moved around carefully and lay over him, kissing his lips. He smiled at her. She'd tasted her pussy on him. God, she could slip his gorgeous cock inside her right now and fuck him til she came again...but he probably needed rest for that. Besides they really should get up, clean up, just in case. She was sure whoever remained in the building had to have heard them.

Beth realized she didn't care, and suspected neither did Kevin.

She sat up, sliding off him and bent down for her panties. Her large breasts hung firm, giving her new lover a tantalizing profile view.

"You know, Beth," he said wryly. "Now I know why I hired you...and pardon the innuendo, baby, but it wasn't just for your skills at taking dictation."

Beth laughed and slipped on her panties. "Oh, really?"

"Mmmmm hmmmm," he replied as he stuffed himself back inside his pants and zipped up.

"Can we do this again?" Beth asked and she reached for her bra. She fixed him with her gaze. She wanted to...badly.

Kevin grinned. "Fuck yes, we can, baby. Fuck. Yes!"