 "I'll do whatever you want, professor."

"Then turn around," I said.

She did as she was told, turning completely around and facing the door of my hotel room. I paused briefly to take in the entire package, starting at her sexy black heels, her toned calves and thighs, the short black dress that clung to her firm butt and hips. 

I put my hands on her hips and leaned in toward her neck. She smelled wonderful. I kissed her on the neck and she let out a soft moan. 

"Bend over," I said.

She again did as she was told and bent over, placing her hands on the bed. She was flexible; the results of having spent much of the last year in the gym, working on this perfect body. She was practically built for sex: toned but not too muscular, petite but not too skinny. 

Her dress was short enough that as she bent over, her panties were almost visible. I reached up on her dress and pushed them to the side. She let out another gasp as I brushed gently against her pussy. 

"Oh professor," She said.

"I didn't tell you you could talk." I responded. 

She said nothing. I reached up and pulled her panties down to her ankles. The sight was almost too much. My hottest student, bent over my hotel room bed with her panties around her ankles. I slowly unzipped my fly and released my semi-hard cock. I teased her with it, rubbing it up and down against the backs of her thighs and up against her pussy. I could feel her wetness dripping down her inner-thighs. 

"Do you want it?" I asked. 

"Yes, professor. So much." She responded. 

"Where do you want it?" 

"In my pussy, professor. I want to feel your cock in my pussy." She said.

"Not yet. Turn around and get on your knees." 

She did as she was told. 

---

I won't say this is common at these conferences... but it's not uncommon either. I practically went to these things in order to hook up some young, tight, ambitious, and willing students. Usually they weren't my students, though. Too risky. I don't need students coming back to campus and telling stories about how we hooked up at a conference. Lucy was different, though. She was worth the risk.

Usually, things went down like this. I would spend the early part of the first day scoping out the talent. It was easy. They were dressed up so you saw them at their best. Plus, you had an ice-breaker since they were presenting their research and they were expecting questions and comments from people. The best part, though, is that they were craving attention from faculty. They wanted us to come talk to them and there was some idol worship going on. Most of them wanted jobs like ours at some point in their lives so they couldn't help but be enamored with us. 

After I had made some decisions on possible targets, I would go to the evening social hour. By then, they had usually loosened up and were ready for some fun. I'd just find my targets, flirt a little bit, see who was receptive, and then mention that I was going to be at a bar around the corner that night if they wanted to come by for drinks. 

It was a numbers game. I would start with 50 possibilities and it would narrow as the day progressed to a few interested, enamored, and slightly drunk options by the end of the night. A few drinks later and I could always find one of them who was ready to go back to my room with me. 

Lucy, though, was my greatest conquest. She was such a hottie... and she looked especially good tonight. Like I said, I usually stayed away from my own students at these things... but not tonight. Tonight I was going to spend the night in bed with this hot little thing. 

When she showed up at the bar, along with a few friends, I was immediately thankful she hadn't changed clothes. I love what they all wear to these things but some of them change back into comfortable clothes at the end of the night. Not Lucy. She stayed in her mostly professional but a little too short black dress and heels. 

She smiled when she saw me and walked over. I offered to buy her a drink for her hard work and she said, "Sure, but I should probably stop at one or two. I get a little crazy when I've had too many." 

She smiled coyly as she said it and I knew things were headed the right direction. 

As the night went on, I tried to find the balance of giving her attention but not too much. I wanted her to know I was interested but didn't want to broadcast it to the million other students who were there. Like I said, I didn't need a bunch of stories floating around when I got back to campus. 

A few drinks later and she was indeed getting a little crazy... and probably spilling a little bit too much personal information. The subject turned to dating and sex at one point and she blurted out, "I haven't been with anyone in a while."

She immediately looked like she regretted it. "I'm sorry," she said, "I can't believe I said that." 

"It's ok. We're adults." I responded. 

"In that case," she said, "I've got to tell you. I could really use a man right now. I've been so stressed with school and a night to relax would be really great."

"What would that night look like?" I asked. 

"I want a night of being controlled and dominated." She said. "Nothing weird. No whips. No spankings. Just a night of some gorgeous guy telling me what to do, taking control of me... and fucking me hard all night long." 

I was shocked. Speechless. I thought there was a shot but had no idea this was where things were going. 

"Tell me your room number," she said. "I'll meet you there in one hour. I'm going to go freshen up."

"2118" I stammered out. 

She pounded the rest of her drink, whispered goodbye, and started to walk away.

"Lucy," I called and when she turned back to me, I whispered, "Don't change clothes. I want you like this."

"Taking control already," she replied. "This is gonna be fun."

---

And that's how we got here. An hour later, I answered the door of my hotel room, and she walked in without saying a word. I offered her a drink, she took it, looked me in the eye, and promised me she would do whatever I wanted.

So far, she hadn't disappointed. 

"Worship that cock, baby." I said. "I want a feel that pretty little mouth wrapped around me."

She didn't ease into it at all. She gobbled me up, taking me as deep as she could. She moaned like she loved it as she did it. She grabbed onto my hips, pulled me toward her, and buried my cock as deep into her throat as she could. 

"Oh, Lucy, you're amazing," I moaned. 

She responded to the compliment by taking me even deeper and by holding me there as she flicked my shaft with her tongue. It was ecstasy.

"I'm gonna fuck that mouth, baby." I said

She pulled back, looked up at me, and said, "Do it. Fuck my whore mouth."

I grabbed the back of her head and held her there as I thrust my cock back into her mouth repeatedly, deeper with each thrust. Her eyes began to water as she fought her gage-reflex. Still she took it like a champ, moaning as I fucked her beautiful, warm, little mouth. 

Finally, I stopped. She looked up at me, out of breath, mascara running down her cheeks from her watering eyes, but looking like she wanted more. 

"Stand up and turn around," I said. 

"Yes professor."

"You've been a bad girl, Lucy. These are not things you should be doing with a professor."

"I'm sorry, professor. You should punish me."

"And what sort of punishment do you need?" 

"I need a spanking, professor. I know I said I didn't want one, but I think I should have one."

I pulled up her skirt and swatted her firmly on the butt.

"Ahhhhh," she moaned. "Harder."

I gave her another. 

"Harder, professor, I've been so naughty."

Another. 

"Mmmmmmmm,"she moaned. "I think you should fuck me now. I think you should pound my tight little pussy until I realize what I've done."

I grabbed her hips, and pulled her toward me. She spread her legs for me as I entered her. Her soft, wet pussy was almost too much. She let out a subtle gasp as I pushed deep inside of her.

"Oh my God," she moaned, breaking character for a moment. "This is exactly what I needed."

"You feel so good, Lucy," I responded.

"You're not so bad yourself, professor."

I started to fuck her, gently at first, but picking up the pace as I went. She let out a moan with each thrust, getting louder and louder each time I entered her. The ecstasy became too much for her and she was starting to have a difficult time standing up. I pulled her into a standing position with my cock still in her and kissed her neck. 

"Tell me you're my little slut," I demanded. 

"I'm your little slut," she moaned back at me. 

"Louder!" I demanded. 

"I'm your little slut!" she yelled back at me. 

"Do you want to ride me, slut?"

"So bad, professor."

I pulled out of her, took off the rest of my clothes, and lay down on the bed. "Get undressed... slowly" I said, "but leave the heels on."

"Yes, professor. I'll do whatever you say." 

I watched her undress, taking it all in. She stared at me with hungry eyes as she took off her clothes, never breaking eye contact. It was like watching a present unwrap itself. Her petite, toned body was practically perfect. When she was undressed, but for the heels I had told her to leave on, she started to climb onto the bed. 

"No," I told her. "I want to look at you." 

She stood back up for me and stood there, letting me take it all in. I started to stroke my cock for her, and she licked her lips as she watched me. 

"Turn around and put your hands on the wall," I said. 

She did as she was told and I continued to stroke cock as I started at her perfect figure. 

She looked over her shoulder at me, biting her lower lip. "I can do that for you, professor," she said. 

"Oh?" I responded, "Crawl to me and show me."

She turned around and crawled across the king-size bed to where I was sitting and took my cock in her petite hands. She stroked me gently, never breaking eye contact and licking her lips as she did.

"Do you like that, professor? Do you like having one of your slutty little students jack you off like this?

I nodded in response, loving the dirty talk and wanting more. 

"Because I love this, you know. I love watching you get off, professor; love feeling that throbbing cock in my hands. I always knew you wanted me. Since the first class I took from you, I knew you wanted to fuck me. I could feel your eyes on me in every class, checking me out as I walked to and from my seat."

I moaned softly as she started to stroke me faster. 

"I wanted you too," she said. "There were days when I couldn't even concentrate because all I could think about was how good it would feel if you bent me over a desk, pulled down those yoga pants you like so much, and pounded me tight little pussy."

I couldn't take it anymore. I needed to be inside her again. I took her by the wrists and pulled her toward me. She let out a knowing giggle as she startled me. I slid easily into her still wet pussy, and she moaned as she started to ride me. 

"Oh God, professor, fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" she screamed.

She continued to ride me for a few minutes, letting out a sexy little moan with each thrust. She leaned way back and started to finger her clit bouncing up and down on my cock. 

"Just a little more, professor. I'm so close." She panted.

I fought the urge to cum, but it was difficult with this little beauty riding me. I knew I couldn't hold out much longer. 

I felt her body start to quiver and shake. She threw her head back and shut her eyes. "Oh, my god," she moaned, "I'm cumming! Fuck! I'm cumming!" 

I could feel the ripples of ecstasy pass through her as her body continued to shake. She let out a loud, wailing noise as her orgasm peaked and started to subside. 

"Jesus!" she said as she opened her eyes and leaned forward, laying on top of me, my cock still insider her. "That was fucking ridiculous," she said. 

I didn't say anything back. Just wrapped my arms around her and kissed her passionately. She started to move her hips a little, and I let out an unintentional gasp as I a wave of pleasure passed through me. 

"Ohhh," she said. "Is somebody else close?"

"Yes," I managed to respond. 

"Let's finish you off, professor."

She started to buck her hips a little more, and I could feel my orgasm start to build. 

"Oh, fuck me, professor. Your cock is so good. I could ride you all night."

I started to buck my hips harder and faster, about to explode.

"Wait," she said. "I want to swallow it."

Before I could say a word, she climbed off me and buried her head in my lap, fully engulfing my cock into her mouth and throat. She jerked me about three times with her hand and I started to cum... hard into her throat. I bucked my hips hard toward her face. She just let out a deep moan but kept me in her mouth and throat as I finished my orgasm. 

She kept sucking for a moment before gently pulling me from her mouth. 

"I love the taste of your cum, professor. Your cock is a goddamn dream." 

I reached for her and pulled her toward me, still feeling the aftereffects of the incredible orgasm I had just had. I held her in my arms and kissed her gently on the forehead. We were both exhausted.

"Was it what you wanted?" I asked. 

"Oh yes," she said with a giggle. "That was amazing. I hope it's not the last time."