 It was a beautiful late summer day. The sky was clear and the bright sun still hung high in the crystal the sky.

Over the past few years it had become an annual tradition for five friends to get together for a camping trip in the Adirondack Mountains before the end of the summer.

As they grew older and had more responsibilities it became harder for the five of them to coordinate their schedules but despite the challenges they remained determined not to break with tradition.

Kate and Noah cruised along I-87 reminiscing about old times. They had been good friends since college and had helped each other through some difficult times over the years. Kate was a few years older than Noah, but he always seemed more mature.

The two of them rode in Noah's old beat up black Jeep Wrangler for the trip and their friend Jason was bringing their other friends and most of the gear up in his Suburban.

The Jeep didn't have much cargo room but they managed to stuff some camping gear into the back seat on top of their bags.

The wind rustled across the canvas top of the Jeep as Noah sped effortlessly through the light highway traffic.

Kate had always looked up to Noah. She didn't quite think of him like an older but she always admired his honesty and charm.

Noah was handsome with a generous stature. He stood about six feet tall and had an athlete's body. He was thin with a toned body. His muscles weren't huge but his abs, which he was most proud of, were rock solid.

His short brown hair blew across his head as the wind whipped through the open window.

Noah's big round eyes were an impossible shade of blue. He learned early in life that no girl could resist his deep blue eyes.

His nose wasn't quite symmetrical on his face as a result of a fight back in his college days.

He was at a college bar with friends when a drunken townie got a little too frisky with one of the waitresses.

He didn't know her was but he wasn't going to stand by and watch her be treated that way. A few punches were thrown and they all got dragged out by the bouncer before it ended. Noah walked away with a black-eye and a broken nose, the other guy wasn't so lucky.

The story became legendary around campus and that sense of honor was one of the things that drew women like Kate to him like moth to a flame.

His mouth was framed by a pair of soft full lips that could melt a girl's heart in one kiss. Noah hadn't spent much time in the sun during the summer and his fair skin barely showed a hint of color.

Noah had no intention of bringing it up but he had recently been through a nasty breakup with his girlfriend. They had dated for nearly three years and he was starting to think that she was the one.

It turned out that she thought he was the one too... one of many.

After finding out about his girlfriend with other men he moved out of their apartment and had been staying on a friends couch for the past two weeks.

Throughout this time he had spent less time taking care of himself which left him with a coarse stubble of dark hair across his face and neck from neglecting to shave

Between the summer sun beating down on them and the air conditioner in his Jeep which only offered up a pathetic trickle of cool air Noah's face glistened from a light sweat.

When Kate leaned towards him to change the radio station in the small car she couldn't help but notice his musky scent.

He smelled like raw man.

Noah wore a pair of khaki shorts that came halfway down his thighs and a plain white t-shirt that clung to his chest.

Kate was the type of girl that any guy would kill for. She was quite a bit shorter than Noah, standing 5'1", and had light blond hair what flowed halfway down her back.

Her skin had a rich golden hue from weeks of sunbathing in her backyard. The contrast between her light hair and her tanned skin accentuated her natural beauty.

While Noah was a serious person Kate was more of a free-spirit. She had a bright inviting smile and an infectious laugh.

One feature they both shared was full lips. Noah's could take a girl's breath away, but Kate had the type of soft full lips that men fantasized about. Her soft green eyes hid behind a pair of long full eyelashes.

Kate wasn't an athlete like Noah but spent enough time at the gym to give her a firm tight body. She was a thin woman with excellent curves. Her waist was small and dainty and her hips flared out just enough to give her a womanly figure.

Despite her height, Kate had long thin legs. Her legs were covered by tight black yoga pants that ended just below her knees leaving her calves bare down to her white running shoes.

Kate's chest was in perfect proportion to her delicate frame. Her breasts were the size of two small melons that gently bounced beneath her light blue sports bra with every bump on the road. The sports bra that Kate wore exposed several inches of her firm stomach and her small bellybutton stud.

"So Kate, I have to ask"

"Yeah"

"Why on earth are you dressed like you're about to go to the gym?"

Playfully she turned to Noah and said "What, don't you think I look good?"

Noah took his eyes off the road for a minute and turned to Kate. Their eyes caught each other briefly as he spoke.

"You know you look great in anything, but we are camping. Every year you never learn. I would think that by now you would bring jeans or something like that."

Blushing from the sudden attention on her body she looked down to avoid his beautiful blue eyes.

"I can't help it. I don't like to wear dumpy clothes. I can't help it if I have a good body, why should I hide it?"

"Yeah, whatever you want Princess."

He knew that Kate hated when he called her that. Kate turned away and crossed her arms across her chest. They drove the next few miles in silence as they wound through the foothills of the mountain.

Their silence was abruptly broken by the chirping of Kate's phone.

"Uh oh"

"What"

"It looks like they had some car problems back around Albany"

"That doesn't sound good"

"They think it will be fixed by tomorrow morning. I guess that means that you're stuck with me tonight."

"The horror"

Kate turned and playfully punched his arm.

"Hey! Any guy would be happy to spend the night alone with me in the wilderness"

"Keep dreaming, Kate."

Noah turned to her and gave her a little wink, letting her in on the joke.

"It's a good thing that we managed to fit that tent in the back. I hope we have something to eat in the cooler."

They turned off onto a dirt road that led to the campsite. Instead of camping at one of those places with dozens of campsites carved out of the trees with running water and bathrooms they stayed in an isolated spot that Noah had scouted out years earlier. 

The black Jeep bounced along a rough trail that slowly narrowed to a path barely wide enough for the car. He pulled up next to the same familiar tree that he parked behind each year and cut the engine.

"Well, I guess it's up to the two of us to set up camp this year."

"Maybe I should supervise, you are the expert Noah."

"Yeah right! I hope you don't think you're going to get out to helping."

The door slammed shut as he hopped out of the Jeep.

Kate joined him at the back of the vehicle and helped him unload what little gear they had. The first order of business was to inventory their supplies.

In addition to their clothes, that they had one small two person tent, two sleeping bags, a blanket, and a cooler filled with beer, a package of hotdogs and a bottle of vodka.

"It's not much, but I think we will survive."

Looking up into his eye she said "My life is in your hands Noah"

"Don't be so melodramatic Kate. C'mon, let's get the tent set up."

They made their way to the clearing and after 20 minutes of struggling with the plastic poles and tent fabric that kept flapping in the breeze they managed to get the tent together.

"Home sweet home"

It was getting late in the day and the summer sun was slowly drifting down past the distant mountains. The temperature slipped from the low-eighties to the mid-seventies and a cool breeze blew through the trees from a nearby lake.

"I'm going to go collect some wood and start the fire, why don't you relax for a bit."

Kate replied with a wry smile "Now, that sounds like something I can do."

Within the hour Noah had managed to build a healthy fire and collect enough wood to last them through the night. They didn't have any chairs or good logs to sit on so Kate laid out their only blanket near the fire and they settled in for an early dinner of bun-less hotdogs and beer.

Kate and Noah were old friends but they had never spent much time together alone. They almost always hung out in a group or one of them would have a girl/boyfriend.

Their conversation flowed naturally but there was an underlying nervousness in the air that neither one of them could shake.

"So, how's it going with Sara? I hear you two are getting pretty serious."

Kate could tell from his reaction to her question that she hit a raw nerve.

"Why don't we crack open that bottle of vodka."

"I'm sorry, I didn't know."

Noah reached into the cooler and pulled out the bottle. After taking a swig and offering it to Kate he said.

"It's ok. I guess it just wasn't meant to be."

She took the bottle from him and winced at the harsh taste as it burned her throat.

"You know what your problem is Noah?"

"What's that?"

"Your too much of a romantic. For as long as I've known you you've always fallen hard for every girl you dated. Instead of just having fun and seeing where things end up you always put too much pressure on the relationship."

"You know, that actually made sense. But I can change. My next relationship will be just about the sex. And whatever girl I meet will just have to deal with it!"

"What a lucky girl that will be."

Kate was only half joking. The thought of sex with Noah began stirring up old feeling that she had tried hard to repress over the years. One of them always seemed to be in a committed relationship and she never wanted to risk losing their friendship.

The heat from the fire danced across her skin as they passed the vodka back and forth but it was thoughts of Noah that were beginning to make her feel flush.

Suddenly she felt a gentle warmth stirring between her legs as she sat next to Noah on the blanket. Kate pulled her knees up to her chest lightly squeezing her thighs together.

"What about you Kate, you haven't had a serious boyfriend in quite a while."

She was grateful that the conversation shifted from Noah's sex life, but leery that he was now probing hers.

"I'm taking my time. Boyfriends are easy to find, but the right guy is one in a million."

"Is that right? So, tell me what exactly is it you look for in a guy?"

"Well, you already know that I always fall for the tall athletic types. But I need a man who is kind and gentle and knows how to treat a girl. The last guy I was with thought that a hot date was pizza and sex at my place. I'm looking for someone who understands what romance is; a real gentleman."

"Sounds just like me!"

Embarrassed, Kate blushed at the thought that in describing her perfect man she just described Noah.

Trying to save herself she said "You wish. You've always got your head in the clouds."

"I know I've never told you this before Kate, but I've always had a thing for you."

Her heart skipped a beat and she felt the warmth between her legs growing.

"I... Of course you do. Every guy wants a piece of me."

She tried to brush off his confession but he saw right through it. Looking right into her eyes his voice took on a serious tone.

"I'm being serious Kate. I've always thought you were the most beautiful girl that I knew, but I knew I never had a chance with you. I shouldn't have said anything I know you're out of my league. Let's just forget it and get drunk."

Lost in his deep blue eyes she felt her defenses melting away.

"You're not the only one to have those feelings Noah. But I was always afraid to say anything since we are such good friends. I didn't want to risk losing that."

Her words floated through the night air between them. The fire crackled and popped. Every second felt like an eternity.

Kate's heart pounded in her chest. She hated being so vulnerable.

Noah turned his body towards Kate and put his hand on her knee.

"So what now?"

Her body tensed up as she stretched her legs out in front of her. Noah's hand fell from her knee to her thigh as she moved. She could feel the contours of his hand against her skin through the thin fabric of her pants.

Kate's mouth opened slightly as he moved in towards her.

Their lips met in a delicate kiss.

Noah pulled his head back enough to look into her eyes searching for permission to proceed. What he found in her eyes was pure desire begging for release.

He moved back in for another kiss and wrapped his strong fingers around the back of her neck pulling her into his embrace.

Kate's mind went blank as their tongues danced playfully, exploring each other's mouth.

His thick musky smell filled her nose. He smelled like raw sex and she knew at that moment that she had to have him.

His whiskers scratched against her soft kiss as they kissed bathed in the orange glow of the fire.

She fell back against the blanket and waited for him.

Looking down at the gorgeous creature before him he pulled his shirt over his head and threw it to the side.

Her chest heaved with desire as her eyes traced every contour of his body.

He had a wild patch of dark chest hair that tapered off to a thin trail that disappeared beneath his shorts. His muscles stretched and flexed under a thin sheen of sweat as he moved towards her.

Kate felt her body quiver in anticipation as his body hovered over hers. She felt like she was dreaming as his thick scent washed over her.

His tussled hair fluttered in the gentle night breeze.

Their next kiss was filled with passion and excitement. They both released themselves to each other as their hands roamed freely.

His rough fingers left her body tingling with every touch of her bare flesh. An animal passion was beginning to take over as her fingers slipped through his tangle of chest hair. Her hands massaged his tight muscles as they followed the trail of hair down to the top of his shorts.

Grabbing his waistband with her hands she pulled him closer and in a single motion unzipped his pants and began pushing them down his legs.

Noah's nearly naked body pressed against her as his hands cupped her breasts through her sports bra. Her hard nipples begged for his attention.

"ohhhh... Noah..."

Using all of her strength she pushed him over onto his back before straddling him. Her aching pussy rubbed against his hard cock that strained against his tight underwear. Slowly she ground her hips into him desperate for him to penetrate her.

Noah held onto her hips with his strong hands while she pulled her top over her head.

Kate's magnificent breasts jiggled as she threw her top to the side before they settled down proudly defying gravity with their gentle curves.

Noah was left speechless at the sight of her half naked body, but she wasn't wasting any time and had already hooked her fingers into the waistband of her tight pants and was sliding them down her legs.

With her knees spread apart on either side of his body she nervously displayed herself to him for the first time. She felt butterflies in her stomach as she watched his eyes taking her in.

He couldn't believe how beautiful she was as shadows cast by the fire danced across her bare skin. Her light blond hair fell around her face and he could tell that she was unsure of herself. His eyes drifted down her tanned body taking in every inch of her flesh until his gaze finally settled on the smooth skin between her legs. Involuntarily, his cock twitched in his underwear at the sight of her shaved pussy.

He had to have her.

He hands traveled up her thighs and passed over her pierced bellybutton on their way up to her breasts. Her knees felt weak as his hands massaged her soft flesh.

Kate's eyes closed and her head fell back as he gently rolled her nipples in his fingers.

"mmmmm....." She moaned.

With one of her nipples between her fingers his other hand slid down her stomach and between her legs before making contact with the soft bare skin of her pussy. He rubbed her wet pussy while she moaned louder and louder.

"OH GOD"

One of his fingers slipped between her wet lips and pressed against her clit. He pressed his finger into her while working it in a circular motion.

Her breathing quickened.

His rubbing increased with the sound of her moans.

"DON'T STOP"

Her body collapsed as she felt the first wave of orgasm wash over her body. Her hands dropped to his chest and she dug her fingers into his skin as her orgasm intensified.

Panting she looked down at him with lust in her eyes. They were both covered in sweat and the smell of her juices mixed in the air with his aroma. She was on fire.

Kate reached down and forcefully pulled his underwear down his legs before jumping back on top of Noah.

Her wet pussy was now rubbing against his hard cock. She looked into his eyes as she teased him. She couldn't take it anymore and lifted herself up enough until the tip of his cock was pressing against her. Slowly she lowered herself onto him.

She could feel his penis throbbing inside of her as he slowly filled her up inch by inch until finally she felt his thick pubic hair pressing against her bare skin.

She sat for a moment with him deep inside of her before moving again. She had never before felt such passion. Sex had always been something that she enjoyed, but this was more.

Kate began rocking her hips into him building up to a strong rhythm. It felt like his hands were touching and grabbing every inch of her body at the same time. Noah pushed his hips into her in time with her thrusts.

"oohhhh....." She let out a low moan as their bodies moved together in perfect unison.

They felt like one with his hard cock buried deep inside of her wet pussy.

Noah began to increase his thrusts just as she felt like she was going to explode again.

Faster and faster he pumped his cock into her.

"unnngghhhh" Noah grunted as his cock erupted, filled her pussy with his cum.

She felt the first blast of his cum enter her and was swept away by another violent orgasm that shook her body.

She clenched onto his chest again as her pussy wrapped tightly around his hard shaft.

His cum kept flowing into her while she came, her pussy draining every ounce of his juice.

It took several minutes before they caught their breath. Panting she looked down at him with a smile that stretched across the delicate features of her face.

Their eyes met and she started to speak but no words could describe how she felt. His cock slowly slipped out of her tight pussy as she lifted herself up and let herself fall to his side.

Resting her head on his shoulder she reached over and ran her fingers through his chest hair until they both fell asleep by the fire.