 When Jonah asked if I fancied going for a walk in a secluded part of the countryside - in the pitch black, to boot - I quivered with excitement, thinking about all the possibilities he might have planned for me. Was he intending a fuck in the woods? Up against a tree with the bark scraping my back through my blouse? Or dragging me by my hair, throwing me down on the ground and forcing me to have sex? Now that idea really appealed: being forced into having sex was a special fantasy of mine.

Sadly, as it happened, Jonah didn't have either of those things in mind. No, instead, we really were going for a walk in the dark with the only light coming from a torch he'd fixed on his baseball cap, miner's helmet style. 

And when I say walk, I actually mean an arduous climb up a steep hill, followed by another trek up so many steps that they could have been a stairway to heaven.

It appeared that Jonah was testing me, my stamina and grit. I don't know why but he most definitely was and, even though I thought my lungs were going to collapse like viciously deflated balloons, I needed to prove I had what it took to deal with his challenge.

'I've brought a few people up here but none of them have completed it,' he said. 'You've done really well. I'm impressed.'

At the top of the steps, I grimaced and wondered exactly what would be my reward. Let me tell you, I certainly hadn't planned on half-killing myself without a suitable return. So I leaned in for a kiss. I felt my insides shrivel with disappointment as Jonah pulled away, dodging my puckered lips.

'No time for all that, we have another hill to climb. Then we can make our way back to the car.'

Another hill? I was going to refuse but I would have looked like a wuss and, anyway, I'm competitive. I was also still intent on my impressing Jonah. Believe me, he's worth impressing. The one thing that kept me going was the hope that I would be rewarded with Jonah's cock.

Jonah isn't good looking in the traditional sense but there is rugged readiness about him that I'm sure most women would find irresistible. He is one of those guys that look like a good fuck. He looks like he could do the rough sex really well, too.

Eventually, we made it back to the car and every sinew in my legs screamed and burned.

'Do you want to come back to mine for a little while?' he asked.

Did I want to go back? Of course, I did. But I didn't say that aloud. After all, a girl mustn't look too keen so I shrugged nonchalantly. 'Yeah, sure, I'm easy.'

I saw a slight twinkle appear in Jonah's eye at the 'I'm easy' comment. During the drive, we made small talk while I imagined taking Jonah's cock in my mouth or thought about him tossing me around a room like a rag doll. 

When we arrived at his home, Jonah turned off the engine and looked at me. 'Can I fuck you?' he asked bluntly.

'Well, that depends,' I replied, stalling for time because his coarseness had taken me aback. Surely a guy was meant to build up to this kind of thing, not blurt the question so directly.

'I haven't got time to mess about.' Jonah bit on one of his fingernails, removing a loose piece. 'Do you want to fuck or not? If not, I can just take you home.'

'Yes, I want to fuck,' I said slowly, 'as long as you fuck me really hard.'

Jonah offered a small smile but didn't look at all impressed by my request. 'I always fuck hard,' he said, releasing his seatbelt. 'The question is, how much can you take?'

He stepped out of the car and shut the door, leaving me in my seat, slightly stunned. Perhaps I should have been at least a little more careful about what I'd wished for because Jonah had looked slightly psychopathic when he'd questioned what I could take. 

I decided to take the risk and got out of the car. I could take whatever he threw at me. Of course, I could. I was a big girl with a voracious sexual appetite, wasn't I? How many times had I begged guys to fuck me hard and, invariably, been left disappointed? I decided that tonight was going to be my night. If Jonah wanted to fuck me vigorously, be rough with me, then he could.

Walking into his house, I comforted myself with the knowledge that I had known Jonah for a few years. I wasn't entering a stranger's house and laying myself wide open for goodness knows what. The moment I walked into the lounge, before I could even remove my coat, Jonah grabbed my hair, kissed my neck, and then bit it.

'I have wanted to give you a hard fucking for ages,' he murmured into my ear before hauling me over to the sofa. 'Get on all fours, bitch.' 

I obeyed and he moved behind me. After tugging down my jogging bottoms, he roughly moved my knickers to one side and his fingers crudely entered me, making me to gasp. Briefly, I felt his cock pushing at my entrance before he rammed into me. He gripped my hair and yanked my head back so violently it felt like my neck would snap.

Harder and harder he fucked me before I felt a hand moving around my ass. He gave it a vicious slap and I cried out in pain. 'Jesus, that hurt,' I complained.

'Shut up and take it, bitch. This is what you've been after all night, isn't it? And don't lie to me.'

I nodded. Yes, I wanted rough sex but I was still shocked at how hard he'd struck me.

'Say it, bitch. Tell me how much you've wanted my cock.'

'I've wanted your cock for ages,' I admitted, feeling my ass stinging and starting to glow.

'Good girl, that's what I like to hear. Now I want you to tell me how much you want my come in your mouth because that's where it's going.'

'I want you to fill my mouth with come," I groaned. "I can't imagine anything better.'

'That's what I like to hear,' Jonah said, withdrawing his cock.

Turning me around by my hair, he leaned slightly back on his haunches and I could see how big his cock was, how rigid it was with desire for my mouth. 'Suck it, and when I say suck it, I mean suck it hard.'

I leaned forward and took Jonah's cock in my mouth and he gripped my chin. His other hand was on the back of my head and, before I could gather my breath, he pushed down, forcing me to take the whole of his length. I gagged.

'Come on, you can do better than that,' Jonah teased. 'That's shit. I expect a good cock sucking or I'll have to punish you.'

By this point, I was in the mode of wanting to please Jonah as much as possible. So, I sucked his cock as hard as I could and his moans told me that I was doing it how he liked it.

'That's it, that's very good," he encouraged me. "Now suck it faster and take my length intermittently. Don't make me force you. I'm going to shoot my load in your mouth and I want you to show me before you swallow.'

Faster and harder I sucked his cock until my cheeks burned and I knew that I would have blisters. Suddenly, without warning, Jonah came in my mouth. He yanked my head back.

'Open your mouth and show me,' he ordered.

I showed him, then swallowed. After wiping the corners of my eyes, where tears had formed, I then rubbed my mouth.

'That was good,' Jonah declared as he stood, pulling up his jeans. 'Get ready now, it's time for you to go home.'

I didn't quite know what to make of this abrupt announcement. I guessed that another girl might feel insulted but, strangely, it turned me on. Standing, I pulled on my jogging bottoms and gave Jonah one of my broadest of smiles. 'I hope we'll be doing this again sometime soon," I said, gazing into his eyes. "You fucked me good, you really did, and I loved it. Thanks.' 

Jonah grinned at me. 'Oh yes, we'll be doing this again Natalie, don't you worry about that.'

The ride home passed in a flash, maybe because I was distracted by the throbbing heat in my pussy. Whatever, when we stopped outside my house, Jonah popped a typically blunt question.

'Natalie,' he said, turning his head to look at me, 'How do you feel about anal?'

I blinked a little shocked by his directness then shrugged. 'I don't mind. No, that's not right. Fact is, I actually enjoy it.'

Jonah continued staring at me and raised an eyebrow. 'Really?' he said, unable to hide his surprise.

I nodded, grinning. 'Yes, really.'

'Right,' he said, regaining his masterful tone. 'I'll pick you up tomorrow evening and then we'll see how good you can take it.'

Leaning over, I kissed him. 'I look forward to it.'

Before Jonah could say anything else, I got out of the car and walked up my garden path, brazenly exaggerating my hip sway. I knew Jonah would be looking at my ass and, not only that, I was looking forward to him giving it a good pounding the following evening. Oh yes, I was relishing it very much indeed...

-----------

It was a week before Jonah got in touch. I admit I'd been a tad unsure whether I was going to hear from him again. Even so, there was not a chance that I would text him first.

Okay, I probably shouldn't have slept with him the first time we met but I was horny. And, anyway, I don't buy into that three date bullshit or whatever it is that girls and guys set themselves. My friend Cassandra is a big fan of that rule and, trust me, she has many more and longer sexual droughts than I do.

'I haven't had a fuck in three months,' she moaned during our weekly lunch date in our favourite Italian restaurant. 'I feel like my pussy is closing up.'

I wanted to say it was because she was so hell bent on keeping to the three date restriction but I was too busy eating my garlic bread. Plus, I was also occupied thinking about Jonah and the way he'd fucked me.

Of course, I hadn't told Cassandra about it. She would have looked at me all wide-eyed, appalled that I could be such a slut. There are times that I like to shock Cassandra out of her uptight ways but today wasn't one of them. I was too busy wondering if Jonah was ever going to get in touch. To be honest, he was pissing me off. I needed a rerun of that night.

As it happened, a text from Jonah arrived when I was in the middle of my prawn linguine and Cassandra was telling me about the latest guy she fancied at work.

'He's just so gorgeous. I mean that kind of Colin Firth gorgeous. You know, all enigmatic and sultry.'

I raised my eyebrows. 'I've never found Colin Firth attractive; too skinny and too much like a good boy for my liking.'

Cassandra laughed. 'Oh, you need to stop chasing the bad boys, Natalie. You will be single forever if you carry on like that.'

I put down my fork and wiped my mouth with a serviette. Peeved, I asked, 'What is that supposed to mean?'

Cassandra twirled her creamy tagliatelle around her fork and shrugged. 'You've always gone for the gangster types. I blame it on us watching Scar Face all these years ago.' She laughed out loud, so loud in fact that a couple of the other patrons turned around to see what the fuss was about. Cassandra has a foghorn laugh, if you didn't know.

It was in the middle of the embarrassment I felt due to my friend's very unattractive guffaw, that my phone vibrated and whistled on the table, announcing the arrival of Jonah's text. (Yes, confession: even though I'm as cool as iced tea, I still assign special ring and text tones to my contacts. It's an OCD thing of mine.)

I picked up the phone and, with my stomach swirling in anticipation, I opened the text.

Are you free tonight bitch?

My phone sends a read note when I've opened a message and I put my phone back on the table. Jonah could wait. After all, it wasn't a good look for a girl to reply straight away. I mean, I wasn't banking on letting him wait for a week, like he'd done to me, but I figured waiting the rest of the day wouldn't kill him.

Was I planning on being free tonight? Hell, of course I was!

After getting the text, I couldn't really concentrate on anything Cassandra said for the rest of our lunch. I let her rabbit on about how much she felt love was always going to elude her while I considered what to wear for my meeting with Jonah.

I decided halfway through dessert that I was going to treat myself to a new outfit of the sexual nature. I also figured I needed my hair and my nails fixing, so the sooner I got rid of Cassandra the better.

You see, for me, the preparation for a fuck is the best part, but as I kissed Cassandra on each cheek and bade her goodbye, I realised that I needed to know exactly what Jonah had planned for our second date. If he was thinking of walking me up those damn steps and that godforsaken hill, there would be no point in buying a nice little black number.

Having had my hair and nails done, I sent a text: What have you planned for tonight? I need to dress accordingly.

His text came back immediately, which gave me a thrill. It made me consider the notion that he'd been waiting for my text for the last couple of hours.

'I want you to wear black knickers, the rest is up to you. Mine for drinks and fun. Remember, you are my bitch now so I will do what I want.'

I must be honest, I liked the idea of being his bitch. We exchanged messages, making arrangements, as I walked through the department store deciding what I should wear for what I hoped would be a fuck fest with Jonah.

I toyed between a black catsuit and a short black dress. I really liked the catsuit. It accentuated my curves and showed off my long legs and cleavage to perfection. But then I thought it would be somewhat awkward to take off. I was quite sure Jonah wouldn't be too keen on untangling me from its constraints.

I tried on the dress and it fitted perfectly. Okay, it was a little short because I'm so tall, but I thought it would provide a glimpse of my stocking tops for Jonah. Hopefully, that sight would guarantee me a fucking as hard as the last time.

As I selected a pair of patent high heels in the next store, I suddenly remembered what Jonah had said last time about giving me anal. That was all I could think about as I absent-mindedly bought my shoes with a credit card that had recently been battered to within an inch of its life. I waited while the assistant put my shoe box in a large brown paper bag. Taking it from her, I shot her a smile and left the store with all my purchases, feeling very happy with myself and swinging the bags for good measure. 

Finally, I needed to buy underwear. Jonah had said to wear a pair of black knickers but surely he was expecting a bit more spice than that? Of course, I had a ton of underwear at home but this is where my OCD kind of kicks in. I always like to wear something new when I'm ready for a fuck. Like I said, it's about preparation.

'You would suit this corset,' the girl in the sex shop said as I mulled through the rails of sexy gear. I turned and looked at the corset draped off the hanger in her hand.

'Umm, I'm not so sure.'

It looked like a complicated affair, the type of thing that would take at least two friends to tie up for you and I wouldn't have the time for all that. In the end, I plumped for a black leather peephole bra, matching leather crotchless knickers and a pair of suspenders and stockings with a seam.

I drove home after throwing away the receipts. I didn't want to be reminded how much this fuck with Jonah was costing. Once home, I ran upstairs and placed my outfit on the bed to admire it. Rummaging through a bedside drawer, I pulled out a pair of fishnet stockings. I again stood back to admire my ensemble, much like a worker might stand back from his tidied work bench and admire his tools. Jonah was in for a treat for sure but, this time, I was hoping to be in for a treat too.

As I lay in the bath, soaking beneath bubbles and taking in the vanilla scent of my Jo Malone candle, I thought back to the last time. As well as nearly half-killing me with his trekking challenge, Jonah had been pretty selfish.

Don't get me wrong, I did enjoy it. I love being owned and he fucked me really good. However, I hoped that on this second evening he would consider me a little, seeing as I was giving him what I personally consider to be the best prize a woman can give a man. Well, if they are into anal, that is, but you know what I mean. If I'm going to take it up the ass, then I want at least a couple of orgasms. I'm entitled to that, aren't I?

Once I'd finished my bath, it was time to apply makeup. I found myself in another quandary. What look should I go for? The charcoal eyeshadow teamed with a plum coloured lipstick? Or a more natural application? I didn't want to look like I'd gone too far over the top. But, then again, I didn't want to look like I hadn't made any effort. I opt for a middle look. When all else fails, compromise.

By quarter to eight, I felt that dolphin of excitement starting to leap and do its spinning ball trick in my stomach. As I waited for the taxi, what gave me the biggest thrill was the fact that, when I arrived at Jonah's, he wouldn't have a clue what was under my dress. Now that, my friends, makes my pussy wet.

Finally, the cab arrived and Amjid is clearly quite taken with my legs. I caught him glancing at them, so I mischievously hitched my dress and gave him a flash of my stocking tops. If he wanted a look he could have one and put it in his wank bank for later.

I paid Amjid. Normally, I tip taxi drivers but I figured Amjid had been given his bonus and, if there is one thing I dislike it is greed. So I waited for my change.

Taking it from him I shoved it in my purse and climbed out, bending over a little so that he got a quick glimpse of my ass for good measure before I slammed the door shut. I straightened my dress and suddenly felt a wave of nervous nausea sweep over me. I needed a cigarette - but I hadn't any gum so that was out.

I took a deep breath as I pressed Jonah's doorbell. Here goes, I thought, can't back out now. The door swung open and Jonah was there, dressed all in black: T-shirt, jogging pants, and a pair of canvas Vans. Jesus, he looked so horny and immediately my nerves disappeared, unknotting in my stomach to be replaced with longing. I had a deep yearning for his cock to be inside me, wherever he wanted to penetrate me.

'Here she is,' Jonah said, kissing my lips. 'My bitch.'

I curtsied. 'Here I am, at your service.'

He laughed. 'Go and sit down. We need to have a little chat.'

I went through to the lounge and sat, placing my handbag on the floor. Folding my hands together, I squeeze them hard in order to contain my excitement. I heard Jonah opening the fridge, cupboards banging, then he returned with a drink for me. 'Here, gin and tonic, I thought you could be a bit posh for one night. A mate bought it me and I hate the stuff. It's like fucking rat poison.'

'Oh right, so it's okay for you to poison me, is it?'

'I wouldn't do that.' Jonah smiled, then inhaled and said, 'Anyway, our chat. Tonight I'm going to make you come. I want your pussy buried deep in my face and I expect you to soak me through. Then, what I'm going to do is, I'm going to flip you right over and stick my cock up your ass and fuck you hard. Now what I need to know is, do you think your ass will need lubrication? Or can you take it dry?'

'Why are we talking about it?' I asked, bemused. 'Is it not better to let things take their course?'

Jonah shook his head. 'No, because letting things take their course usually resorts to wasted time. I mean, we could sit here exchanging small talk all night and then, you'll be poisoned on that shit and we won't have got anything done. Plus, I'm OCD about time and preparation. In my line of business, time is precious and preparation is the key.'

He paused and shrugged. 'Its just the way I am.' An apologetic look crossed his face, disappearing as quickly as it arrived. 'I guess I'm a bit weird like that.'

I sipped my poison. 'You can be whoever you want to be.'

He raised his eyebrows at me. 'Really?'

I nodded, 'Yes, really.'

He took my glass and placed it on the coffee table before getting hold of my hair. 'Stand up, bitch.'
