 To say that night opened a floodgate of opportunities would be an understatement. Jenn and Sandra and I settled easily into our new living arrangement. We purchased a king-size bed, not just to accommodate the three of us, but also Jenn and Sandra's expanding bodies.

Jenn was working part-time at Wendy's, I was nearly full-time as a social service caseworker and Sandra had picked up part-time work at AC Moore. We had begun to settle into more or less of a routine. I did a lot of cooking for the girls, Jenn kept house, and Sandra took care of all the other things like bills and appointments. And there were many appointments.

Jenn and Sandra took different doctors so that neither would detect that I was the father of children born to both mother and daughter. It was our hope to find a bigger place when the babies were born.

ALthough, to be fair, both Sandra and Jenn were distancing themselves from their mother/daughter roles. Jenn was adopted and a grown woman and Sandra was comfortable enough with that to not let it get in the way of the new-found stability and pleasure that that brought.

They seemed to be, well, more sisterly. For instance, Sandra and I had just finished a session of sweaty lovemaking when she mentioned that Jenn had been asking about her real mother. I would have thought that this would have cut her to the core and smacked of some maternal sense of betrayal, but Sandra seemed genuinely supportive. Working in social services, though, I knew it was difficult to track that information down.

The girls were happy enough in their employment, it merely being a backdrop to the priority of giving birth to my two babies. They would arrive home eager to compare notes about sensations, feelings, and bumps and kicks. Both agreed completely however, that being pregnant heightened their sexual needs and that their hormones were raging harder than their own bodies could contain.

There were times I would arrive home and the two of them would be making love in the bedroom, oblivious to my presence. Their snuggles on the couch might turn to languid kisses as I watched, perhaps feeling a little excluded.

That being said, the same might happen with me and Jenn or me and Sandra depending on the week. There was definitely a clear connection of love between the three of us, but the fact that connection was shared between three people may have diminished the intensity that any one of us may have felt.

So, as much as I looked forward to returning home to my girls, I did enjoy my new job. I had contact with lots of different people and made a difference in their lives. Also, I had relationships with my co-workers. 

It was nice to go out for a drink after work. The girls didn't touch a drop being seven and eight months along in their pregnancies. It was also nice to drop the stress of becoming a father for the first time to two different children with two different women at nearly the same time. This is the kind of stuff that happened only to NBA players. Well, at least I've got the cock for it, I sometimes thought.

I had become particularly close to Megan. I mentioned previously that she had shown me around the place. She was a pretty girl with a nice shape. Not skinny, yet not quite fat. Perhaps a little plump. Mostly boobs and bum. Her hair was shoulder length blonde and her eyes were clear blue. 

Megan worked in the family division and looked into cases involving unfit mothers or abuse. I worked with the elderly mostly but our desks were adjacent and a mutual love of sushi brought us into the same "lunch circle" when it came to grabbing a bite.

Believe me when I say this; I am in no market for another relationship. But when Megan asked, I left out the truth, because it's just too complicated.

I'm a grown man. I can tell when a woman is coming on to me. Megan sent out a few signals and I should have just blocked her off. However, I like her. Her company is easy. She makes me forget my own struggles. And to tell the truth, to let her know I've got a mother and daughter back at my apartment ready to burst with my babies back home made me fell, well, bad.

Megan lived with her disabled mother in an old house. She said she'd been taking care of her since high school and never had any serious relationships. That worked for her and she was fine to keep it that way, she said.

So I let Megan continue with her crush on me while I kept her from knowing anything about my life. I never let anything happen except a bit of flirting and hey, it was nice to feel wanted. Especially during those times when the girls were "into each other."

After work one day at Chun Yow Ling, I asked Megan about helping Jenn find her true parents. I didn't say it was for "Jenn" of course, but rather a client. Megan, however, read me well and understood that this was a personal situation. She asked no further questions.

"Well, that's complicated. They don't make it easy and you have to jump through a lot of hoops. You work with mostly old people - wouldn't their parents be dead?" she said.

"Well people still have questions. It might bring some much needed closure for a holocaust victim." Liar.

"You're so sweet," she laughed and touched my arm, "Seriously, the person we'd have to go through is Maricetta for that."

"Maricetta? That's an unusual name!" I mentioned. I had heard it only once before - a girl I dated in college.

"Yeah she's nice. She can get us what we want with total discretion, if you get my drift."

I was only half listening as my mind went back to Maricetta. She was a shapely Latin beauty I dated in college. She was a model in her home country of Brazil. We dated for about six months. Our love was hot and the sex was passionate and wild. Her temper was manic and stormy though. One day I came back from a visit with my own folks to find her room cleared out and her phone disconnected. Neither my friends nor hers knew what happened to her. I never heard from her again.

But never mind that. Megan knew a way I could help out Jenn and that was really all that mattered.

Megan waved her hands in front of me -"Hello! Anyone there?"

I shook myself alert making a face.

"As I was saying - before you drifted off - I will need the name of either the adoptive parent. Then we can cross reference the child's identity. We can't get that directly."

Not wanting to look to eager, I told Meg I'd email it to her.

"Don't use my work e-mail. This is strictly "not-happening" if you know what I mean," she said as she wrote her personal e-mail on a napkin.

She gave me a hug goodbye, I took and extra squeeze to feel her boobs against me and I went home to the girls.

++++++++++++++++++++ When I arrived through the door I was greeted by moans from the bedroom.

I opened the door wide to see Jenn and Sandra in a sixty-nine position with Sandra on top. Their sweaty plump bodies shining in the dim light of the bedroom. Both of their bellies were filled with child and their tits were both engorged.

Sandra lifted up her head, "Honey we're almost done, can you give us a few?"

Without waiting for an answer, she lowered her head back onto Jenn's pussy. Clearly there was no room for a third.

I closed the door, went to the fridge and popped open a Sam Adams. I turned on the stereo. Yes's "Fly From Here" was playing. I turned up the volume but couldn't drown out the sound of the girls exploding in ecstasy.

They were clearly into each other and their shouts of affection were both a turn on and a put-off.

"Oh yeah Baby! You're the best!"

"I've never cum this hard!"

They were using toys and oils and tying each other up. I felt a bit left out.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++

I made some mini pizzas for a snack and the girls came out. We watched the Daily Show. When ten o'clock came, I headed for bed. I thought they would join me but I fell asleep alone. I woke up at one and went to go pee, but they were on the couch - snuggled like a teenage couple under a blanket.

I went back to bed and emailed Meg her info. I only sent Rick's name to keep Sandra out of the whole thing. I didn't want her getting calls about something she didn't know about.

I found my thoughts drifting to Meg. The more distant I felt from the girls - the closer I felt towards Meg. I imagined how perfect her body would be beneath her clothes; the scent of her hair as I buried my face in her neck; the heat of her skin against mine. As I imagined the two of us together, I grabbed my cock and jerked off.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

I woke up at six the next morning and made breakfast. Sandra came out to give me a kiss good morning.

"I'm so sorry. I didn't mean for you to be excluded. Sometimes it just feels different with 'just us girls,' y'know?"

I handed her a cup of coffee.

"I get it. It'll be interesting to see what happens when the kids are born," I offered in reply.

"Don't be like that. We're a different kind of family. It took me a while to get used to the idea. Don't tell me you're having second thoughts!"

"No Sandy. I promise. Just try to make some time for me."

She kissed me hard.

"I promise, baby. I love you," she winked.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

I arrived at work and figured I'd go down to the records department and catch a glimpse of Maricetta. The records room was staffed by one person, an old lady with a name tag that read 'Rosalyn' who said Maricetta arrived at ten. She asked if I wanted to leave a message, but I declined.

The records department isn't a place most people frequent. It's in the sub-basement and the people who work there generally keep to themselves. It was nine-thirty so I went to get a coffee and bumped into Meg. She was wearing a pink sleeveless top and black dress pants that showed off her rear. Her patent-leather pumps completed the ensemble and added dimension to her already shapely calves. Her hair was still wet from her shower.

"I sent you the info. Did you get it?" I asked.

"Yeah. It shouldn't take long. Especially since it's only for closure. This isn't going to court or anything, right? I mean, we could get in big, job-losing trouble if this were to come to light."

"No. Yes. I mean, exactly!" I said. 

Once again distracted while Meg was talking, I noticed a dark, sultry female enter the elevator. I excused myself from Meg and took the next elevator down. My door opened to the sub-basement and the other elevator had not arrived. I waited a minute and sat down on a bench in the hall.

She had familiar features. Of course, if your name's Maricetta you're probably going to be a latin bombshell. 

Twenty years can erase a lot of distinguishing features, but not beauty. Look at Sophia Loren, Liz Taylor, or Ann Margaret. Undeniable beauty from the first year to the last. I watched as her perfectly sculpted body entered the half-door to the record department. I rose and followed her.

Rosalyn saw me.

"Maricetta just got in. I'll tell her you're here," she croaked.

"I'll wait," I said sitting on a bench directly outside the half-door.

Ten minutes later, she emerged - clearly displeased with my presence.

"What do you want?" she muttered impatiently.

"Maricetta?" I stammered.

"Yeah, we've met. What the fuck do you want? Why are you here. I'm happy now. Leave me alone - comprende?"

"I heard your name. I didn't know if you were the same..." I trailed off.

"I am. What is it you want?"

"I'm sorry to have bothered you. I didn't think," I apologized as I beat a hasty retreat. I pushed the button of the elevator and it finally descended. I stepped in and composed my thoughts.

Clearly that was 'THE' Maricetta. As much trouble as I had recognizing her, she had no trouble placing me. The question was: What the fuck happened?

Acting on impulse, as I am prone to do, I stopped the elevator and rushed back to records.

I opened the dutch-door and marched into Maricetta's office. I sat down at the chair opposite her desk.

"What happened? Where did you go? Why could I possibly have done for you to hate me like this?" I asked.

"You ruined my life!" her temper was flaring. She said no more, but sat down at her chair and put her head in her hands. Although she tried to muffle them, her sobs were still audible. Rosalyn poked her head inside.

"Is everything alright?" she asked.

"Everything's fine Roz. Give me ten minutes," Maricette said, quickly composing herself.

"I'll be right outside," Rosalyn said in a whisper, indicating that she knew otherwise, and closed the door gently shut.

"You are dangerous," she said, "I shouldn't be talking to you. I am happy now. I have a husband and a son. Leave me alone."

"How am I dangerous? Why didn't you even call me - or write - when you left?" I asked.

I was confused and the silence gave the room more tension when she didn't answer.

I let the silence hang. I wasn't leaving until I found out why I was such a pariah to her.

She cleared her throat, about to speak, then though better of it.

I waited.

Silence.

The ventilation hummed, making the room seem quieter than it was. When it became clear that I wasn't going to leave without response from her, she spoke.

"I'll tell you this once, and it never gets repeated. If I hear anything about it again, I deny it. I'm happy, I don't want you ruining my life," she started. I didn't dare interrupt.

"When we were in college, I loved you with all my soul," she paused, drumming her nails on her blotter, "I could only think of being with you. I imagined being a successful model and letting you follow your dream. Imagine being nineteen and having big modeling agencies courting you and then finding out you're pregnant.

"I told my mother. I didn't want to keep the baby. I wanted my career. My family is very devout Catholic. I was told abortion was not an option. She told my father and they took me out of school. The shame I brought on to my family was too much too bear. I went back to Brazil and they kept my condition a secret. When I gave birth, the baby was raised as my sister. I felt so much shame - not even being allowed to raise my own daughter - I ran away.

"I tried to resume my career, but the baby took a toll on my figure. I came back years later only to find my parents had gotten sick. They could no longer care for my baby and they took her to an orphanage. I tried to find her. The officials had had already placed her with a family. I was not allowed to visit or even know where

"I cried my heart out. I came back to America. I wanted to make a difference for kids like me so I got a job here, but with no education I work here in the records department.

"So, Mr. Roberts, now you know. Nobody else does. But you had a child and she is lost to you. I hope you are happy."

"You couldn't have..." I started.

"Like I said. I'm happy now. I have nothing more to say on the matter," she said standing up, "Rosalyn, I believe Mr. Robbins is ready to be shown out."

I left quickly, not wanting to create more of a scene. In my heart, I felt physically sickened. A child somewhere was mine. I would never know it.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

I called home at lunch to see if either of the girls were home. Jenn answered.

"Anything going on tonight?" I asked.

"Actually Sandra and I are heading to the movies. Girl's night out, if you get my drift."

I got it alright, and it was obvious that I wasn't going to be "getting it."

We said goodbye and I hung up. At that moment, Meg brushed past me.

"Oh hey," she started, "drinks tonight? I couldn't get Maricette - I guess she left for the day sick - but Rosalyn thinks she may have the file we need.

I agreed to meet her at five for drinks and sushi.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ Five o'clock came and Meg showed at the bar five minutes later. She looked as good as she did this morning only she had touched up her make-up and smelled divine. She hugged me hello and handed me the manilla envelope. I tucked it in my case to show Jenn later.

We talked a little bit about work and then the upcoming weekend over a few beers. Meg's phone rang suddenly and all the good feeling she displayed earlier vanished as she took the call.

She moved to a more quiet corner of the restaurant. When she returned, she was visibly shaken.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"Nothing. Everything. Just work," she stammered, "I mean you probably don't have to deal with this so much but It really sucks when you have to take a kid out of their home."

I was familiar with what she was talking about, having worked in a group home and I begged her to continue.

"Well, actually I don't have to take anyone out of the home, but I do have to investigate and follow up on a tip. It could be nothing, but if something's there I have to act and that could get messy."

"How so?" I asked

"Half of my case-load is stuff handed to me from other case workers who no longer have the time or who have moved on. This one was given to me by Carmen who's taken a leave of absence. I don't know these people's history, how they feel about their last case-worker, how they might respond to the intrusion, and worse how it goes down if a child needs to be removed. People get pretty protective of their children no matter how bad they treat them."

"Well hey, you did me a favor. Can I help?" I asked

"You're sweet," she said, kissing my cheek, "but I'm afraid I'll have to do this myself. I've got a month or so though, so there's no rush."

The conversation lightened up considerably and we spent the evening content in each other's company. We playfully flirted and touched each other. She made all the cares I had about my present situation fade into the background.

After three glasses of beer and our sushi were finished, I took the check and walked Meg outside. The cold spring air was refreshing and I walked Meg to her car.

"Thanks for a great night," she said, lingering at her drivers' side door.

I hugged her to say goodnight but she kept her arms around me. I kissed her cheek and our lips met in a kiss.

"I want you," she said looking me in the eye.

I kissed her fully on the lips. She pulled me closer and her tongue licked my lips and entered my mouth. I inhaled and the scent of her hair - like strawberries and mint - intoxicated me like ether.

"You smell incredible," I said, gazing into her eyes.

"Get in the car," she said opening the driver door for me while she entered the passenger side. I did as I was told and got behind the wheel.She kissed me hungrily while removing her coat. My cock straining beneath the fabric of my pants. Her hand traced the outline of the bulge and she grew more bold, grabbing it through the cotton and attempting to stroke it.

My hands did the same to her breasts. They were big. Not as big as either Jenn's nor Sandra's but about a 38 DD. I let my hands wander over her shirt as I kissed her neck and she didn't stop me when I started unbuttoning it. Her bra was beige lace and her nipples were hard like gumdrops beneath the luxurious material. I gently pinched one and she moaned gently into my ear.

Meanwhile, her stroking had evolved into fumbling with the buckle of my belt and unfastening my pants. She let her hand wander beneath the waistband of my Jockeys and the ten inches of meat she'd been toying with sprang forth like a cobra.

She gasped in amazement at its girth and length, summoning the courage to take it fully into her small hand, pumping it up and down. I let my own hands move behind her to unfasten her bra, freeing her creamy perfect globes. I took a pert nipple in my mouth and sucked as she worked my cock.

I was totally hers now. I unbuttoned her black pants and let my fingers move underneath her panties. She shuddered as my finger went past her bush and I felt how wet her pussy was. We looked into each others eyes and simultaneously shed our pants.
