 Author's note: There's some meanness and non-consent in this story, though it's not really about that. I'm not really sure what it's about, so I listed it under the "Erotic Couplings" category.

*****

Liliana's heart raced as she heard the water turn off. She stood in the bedroom, shifting nervously from one foot to the other as the shower door squeaked open and the whoosh of a hair dryer began. She said a silent prayer, hoping this wasn't a mistake, then opened yet another button on her maid's uniform. It was now open almost to her sternum, showing her lacy bra underneath.

It took another five minutes for Ivan to come through the door. He was more or less stark naked, a towel around his neck but otherwise completely bare. He stopped cold in his tracks when he saw her, but made no effort to cover up.

He grinned. "What are you doing in here, darlin'?" His voice had the deep resonance of a large carnivore, a frequency that aroused a flight instinct in whoever heard it.

Liliana's dark eyes soaked in his body. The sportscasters routinely called him "the most amazing physique in America", and she concurred. His trading cards listed him as 6 feet 8 inches and 295 pounds, and he was a Roman god chiseled from stone, an awe-inspiring combination of incredible power and immaculate grace. 

She felt as if she was going to faint, and her smile wavered until she could control it. "You've been telling me for weeks that you wanted to have sex with me," she said. 

Ivan's eyebrows rose, and he stared pointedly at her body and her cleavage. "Now?"

She shrugged, and felt that it came off more nervous than indifferent. "Maybe we can work something out."

She swore that she saw his cock twitch. It looked somewhat small on his giant physique, but was nonetheless larger than the average man's. Everything looked small when it was near Ivan.

Fingers trembling, she upped the ante. She unbuttoned the final buttons of her uniform, and shimmied to let it slide off. She stepped out of it, now clad only in her sexiest bra and panties, their jade color perfectly complementing her bronze Hispanic skin.

His eyes flickered toward the bedroom door. "Is Julie gone?" 

Liliana tried to hide her incredulousness. "She's gone for a week, remember? She left this morning to visit her mother."

His grin became more relaxed, and his cock twitched again. It looked like it was growing. "Strip it all off. Show me you're worth it."

Her nostrils flared for just an instant. But he had given her an opening.

"What's it worth to you?"

Ivan's brow rose, and then he laughed. "I can walk out that door right now and bring back three of you within the hour."

It was probably true, so Liliana swallowed her gut response. "Maybe, but they don't live in the house and have their own room."

The man's laughter gave way to thought. "So you're proposing something ongoing?"

Liliana stepped out of her heels, then reached behind her to unfasten her bra. With a deep breath, she pulled it forward, letting it fall to the floor. She looked down at her breasts, nice firm C cups with oversized chocolate areolae. Her lovers were always surprised at the size of her areolae given her petite stature. "Wouldn't it be nice to have more than just Julie available in the house?"

Ivan quickly closed the distance between them. He towered a full 18 inches over her, so tall that she barely came up to his famous pectorals, and he weighed nearly triple her 103 pounds. He was extraordinarily intimidating, particularly when you knew his reputation, but he was also a handsome man, a perfect specimen who could turn a woman's head beyond mere size. If a girl could set aside her fears, this had the potential to be enjoyable. 

But she couldn't set aside her fears, not with this man. She looked up into his eyes. "I heard that you paid a waitress $10,000 for one night."

He paid no attention to her words, his eyes fixed on her breasts. Enormous hands suddenly enveloped them, kneading their flesh. She held her ground and let him play, but realized that it had been a mistake to give him so much so fast. She had been too anxious.

"I can show you more," she said, "but let's make a deal first. I've read that you have women on call in every city in the league. What are you paying them? Remember, I could be right down the hall."

He ignored her, but nodded appraisingly. "Your tits are nice. A little small, but nice."

Liliana's temper flared, but she bit her tongue. Julie was indeed bigger than her, but then again Julie was a one of a kind beauty. It's not as if Liliana's breasts were small by any measure, and in fact, they were large on her small frame. Her lovers generally agreed that they were her best feature. 

Instead of challenging him, though, she smiled woodenly as he groped her and merely said, "I really like them. They stand up."

"Speaking of standing up, you're too short," he laughed. "I can't reach you down there." Suddenly an iron hand shot between her legs.

"Aaah!" Liliana's legs flailed, her hands desperately grabbing for his forearms. He was effortlessly lifting her by the front of her panties, pulling her up to his height. The thin material knifed into her vulva as her weight was lifted onto it. 

"Oh! No! Stop it!" She frantically tried to ease the pressure on her crotch by grabbing his tree-trunk forearms, but to little effect. It was still torturous, and she panted in pain as his tongue invaded her open mouth.

She couldn't pull away, couldn't ease the pressure. He held her in the air effortlessly with one hand, the other gripping the back of her neck as if she were a kitten. Desperately, she tried to wrap her legs around his waist, seeking any support other than the thin strip of material burying itself between her legs. It wasn't enough. His tongue explored her mouth roughly while she struggled. When he eventually pulled back out, grinning like a rogue, she gasped, "Let me down. Please. It hurts." 

"You want down?" He straightened his tree trunk arms, pushing her out to arm's length from his body and forcing her legs away from his waist. Stranded in mid-air, she kicked and flailed in vain, unable to ease the crippling pressure on her vulva and clitoris.

"Pleaseohgodthathurtsthathurtsthathurts...let me down!" She tried to kick at him in desperation, but his arms were so long that she couldn't reach. She had expected trouble knowing how he treated Julie, but expectations were easier to deal with than reality.

"What will you do for me?" His smile was cruel. 

Pain was clouding Liliana's mind. "Down," she grunted through clenched teeth. "Please, down."

"What will you do for me?" He jiggled his powerful arms up and down, making her howl in pain. She could hear a rip in the fabric. "Will you give me a test drive tonight?"

"Yes!" What did he want? She was going to do that anyway. The man was insane.

He laughed, and the next thing she knew, she was flying through the air, her panties torn away from her body as she was launched. The bed was easily eight feet away, and she landed on her stomach in the deep sheets and comforter, the force of the throw sending her tumbling.

Rolling onto her back, she looked his way as she cradled her pussy in relief. He was strolling arrogantly toward her, his erection now at full mast. In the league, he was called Ivan the Terrible, and he was infamous for his temper and his dirty play. His cruelty extended to the bedroom, too. Maybe she'd bitten off more than she could chew. 

She remembered the game plan. You did not want Ivan to pin your down. She tried to rise to her knees.

He offered an approving grunt as he approached. "You keep a little hair down there. I like that. Let me check it out." He was on the bed now and grabbed her shoulder, effortlessly pulling her back down. In an instant she was trapped beneath him as he sat on her waist facing her vulva. Trapped beneath his mass, her legs parted compliantly from a million years of instinct, and she felt fingers stroking through her trimmed mane of pubic hair, then sliding down across her vulva lips to play with them. She braced herself for penetration by his fingers, but it mercifully didn't come. He seemed to enjoy playing with her outer structure.

She let him play for a few moments, her body tense as she formulated her next step. "Lie down," she whispered after some quick thinking. "Let me show you what I've got."

He grinned and flipped over on his large marital bed, rolling her with him until she straddled his midsection. Her knees settled wide across his frame. She leaned in and kissed him, gently and romantically, and to her surprise she got the same kiss back.

He could be quite a catch. He was handsome and he was famous and he was rich. Very, very rich. He had one of the biggest contracts in the league. She could see why Julie had become enamored with him at first. He would be an amazing trophy if a woman could only control his mean streak. And his cheating. And his perversions. And his attitude. Julie couldn't do that, though, and if she couldn't do it, it was doubtful that anyone could.

Liliana rose up, arching her back and displaying herself to him. Cupping her breasts, she looked down at the body that she worked so hard to keep toned. She was petite, but she was strong; if Julie could handle three years of marriage to him, Liliana could certainly handle him for just one night.

But suddenly he was pawing her breasts again, reaching in to grab her nipples. He twisted them hard. "Ow!" she complained. "Gentle, please."

"I don't do gentle." Pulling her nipples hard, he drew her head down to his, and they kissed again on his terms, his tongue pushing deep within her mouth.

One giant arm wrapped around her slender upper back, pinning her to him. The other began exploring further down, an enormous hand stroking and kneading her buttocks. She had to admit that it felt nice as his power massaged her. Her lips were still pressed into his, or else she would have cooed in pleasure.

After a moment, the fingers edged toward her crack, then followed it down. Liliana's eyes popped open when a finger began stroking her anus. It felt quite nice, but ... but ... 

She pulled her face from his as the finger pressed into her. She yelped in protest and tried to twist away. "Don't do that. Take it out."

Ivan the Terrible laughed. The finger went in further, causing Liliana to squeal at the sensation. She wriggled to escape, but was pinned against him. The finger kept invading, and her protests only seemed to fuel him further. She had no choice but to accept it.

Her teeth gritted as he explored. She couldn't let him take control. The key to the whole situation was to keep him on the receiving side. "Let me suck you," she said, trying to distract him. "I want to feel your dick in my mouth."

He laughed, and with a sudden movement his finger was out of her, so quickly that her anus spasmed, causing her to arch upward and gasp. Ivan the Terrible laughed again, then put his hands behind his head and waited, a grin on his face.

Liliana gathered her composure and rose back to a sitting position. Moving down between his legs, she inspected his erect penis. There were a million rumors about his infidelity to Julie, stories that everyone knew but no one would confirm. The league avidly protect its stars, which meant that poor Julie had no ability to point a finger, no evidence on which to take marital justice. Fortunately, there was no visual evidence that he'd ever bedded the wrong girl because his penis was clean and well-shaped and perfectly formed, just like the rest of him. She smiled sexily up at him and wrapped her hand around it, teasing it with a very slow up and down flutter of her fingers.

He moaned in appreciation and lay back. This was a good situation for her, so she kept it up. Light touches, then a slow and sensuous downstroke as she made a ring with her thumb and fingers.

"Do you like that?" she asked, studying his face for a reaction. With her other hand, she began slowly stroking and lifting his balls. 

He was smiling, watching her as she worked. "That's fantastic, baby. Fantastic."

Liliana glanced at the night stand. There, on Julie's side of the bed, was the couple's wedding picture, a large 8x10 in a gilt frame. Julie was angelic, a wispy 5-6 blonde with a perfect face and improbable figure. She had once been a fast-rising fashion model before she became Mrs. Ivan the Terrible, and everyone who met her fell in love with her. Everyone. Seared indelibly into her memory, Liliana still remembered the day they met, back during her job interview, and the connection she had felt. Julie was special.

She stroked Ivan's cock again. Lilianna felt bad doing such things in a woman's marital bed, and particularly Julie's, but business was business.

"Does Julie give you handjobs like this?"

"Julie does whatever I want, baby. Now start sucking me."

Liliana licked her lips, then scooted back and knelt down between his powerful legs. Starting at the top of his scrotum, she ran her tongue slowly up his length. He sighed appreciatively.

"I give great blowjobs," she said seductively, smiling up at him.

"Show me," he grinned back.

She took a few moments to give him all of her attention. Licking him again from top to bottom and back, she took his head into her mouth, swirling her tongue across it. She fondled his balls with one hand and grasped the base of his cock in the other. Bobbing up and down, she gave him the best she had, hoping she could get him to finish quickly. 

This was not her favorite thing to do these days, but it was still pleasurable and she enjoyed displaying her talents. His cock was rigid as steel and he seemed content to enjoy her work. But she couldn't talk with a cock in her mouth, and she needed to talk to him. After several minutes, she rose up. "I want to ride you."

"You want to ride me?"

"Yeah." Rising to her knees, Lilianna smiled teasingly at him. "You've been pushing me for this ever since Julie hired me," she said in her most seductive voice. "Do you have sex with all of the family maids or is it just me?"

Ivan smirked. "I fuck whoever I want. But you're the hottest maid we've ever had."

Smiling knowingly, Lilianna took a deep breath and moved on top of the athlete's hips. She needed to keep in control of the physical situation, not let him start getting aggressive. She pulled his cock upright, slid her slit up it for lubrication, then brought the head against her opening. Slowly she lowered herself down, taking inch after inch as they both sighed in pleasure.

She took a moment to savor it once he was inside her to the hilt. It filled her up quite nicely, warm and organic, pliable yet firm. From a purely physical standpoint, there was something to be said for a real man over a strap-on or dildo. She began to slowly, very slowly, move herself up and down.

"You're really tight, baby." He brought his enormous hands up to fondle her breasts.

"You like it?" She gave him her best bedroom gaze as she slowly and rhythmically rose and lowered herself on him.

"I love it. You're fantastic. You may be the tightest pussy I've ever had."

The key with Ivan was to stay on top of him, to stay in control of the scenario. You didn't want to let him start taking over. She reached behind her and gently stroked his balls. She was nervous as he began toying with her nipples, but he wasn't hurting them, just gently squeezing and pulling. She knew it could change in an instant, though, so she couldn't relax. Ivan was unpredictable.

They kept the position for several minutes. Liliana gradually increased her rhythm, offering some high-pitched moans to spur him on. She wouldn't mind if she could finish him off in this position, but she could tell he wasn't close. He was just lying there enjoying her.

Since he clearly had stamina, this was a good time to broach the conversation. "You know, I hear you and Julie having sex sometimes," she said.

Ivan laughed. "You hear us all the way in your room? That's halfway across the house."

"Yeah."

"She has to earn her allowance."

"I hear her crying and begging. I wonder what you're doing to her. I don't like hearing it, but it makes me curious."

"All in good fun, baby."

Liliana was enjoying the sex more than she should, and she felt guilty about it. From inside the wedding photo, Julie's joyous face stared at her as she rode the woman's husband. Julie was beatific in that photo, beautiful beyond reason and happy beyond compare on her doomed wedding day. Liliana felt a little bad accelerating the marriage's demise; such things went against her Catholic upbringing. But then, she was doing a lot of things these days that went against her upbringing.

Liliana looked down at Ivan's giant pecs, his six-pack abs. Married or not, his cock felt wonderful. She ran her hands over his stomach, and gasped as he twisted a finger underneath to rub her clitoris. She wiggled her hips atop him and tried a different tack. "You like some kinky stuff, I think" she said.

He looked at her with new interest, his mouth curling up into a sinister smile. "We all do," he said. "What do you like?"

Liliana was moving more quickly now, impaling herself rhythmically on the cock beneath her, clenching to give him maximum pleasure. "I see other women come in. I hear threesomes and foursomes."

Ivan the Terrible's face split into a huge grin. "Does it make you hot?"

Liliana pondered whether to answer, but why not? It didn't matter at this point. "Yeah. I want to be in here. I want to eat Julie out."

The giant's jaw dropped, and then he laughed. Grabbing her ribs, he pulled her up and down on him as if she were a rag doll to increase her pace. "So you like girls?"

Liliana grunted as his cock spiked into her harder. "Yeah," she panted. "I see you bringing beautiful women in here all the time, and then I hear the sex. And the kinky stuff. I also hear Julie having sex with them and I want to join."

Ivan released her and put a hand on her shoulder, forcing her to sit fully impaled on his penis. "Stop for a minute. You're about to make me cum," he ordered. She welcomed the slowdown herself.

He gazed her up and down. "I would've never guessed that you're a lesbo."

She bristled. "I'm bisexual. I fall in love with the person, not the gender." She sat still, resting and flexing on the cock that was imbedded deep within her. "Tell me, is Julie bisexual?"

Ivan's meaty hands moved down to her breasts, making her wince as he forcefully kneaded them. "Those girls you see? She fucks them, if that's what you mean."

"Did you know she was bisexual when you met her? I mean, was it her idea or yours to bring in other girls?"

Ivan's eyes focused on a distant memory. He looked up at Liliana, and his eyes darted left and right as if to be sure no one else was in the room. "Wanna hear a funny story?" he asked.

Liliana was allowing him to manhandle her breasts, while she reached behind herself to fondle his balls. "Tell me."

"I think I made her bisexual."

Liliana's thin eyebrows arched. "You can't make a person bisexual."

"Well, I did."

"How?" 

"Start riding me again and I'll tell you. It's a hot story."

Liliana began slowly sliding her tunnel up and down his cock, massaging it with her slippery silkiness.

Ivan was clearly proud of himself. "I kept telling her I wanted a threesome," he chuckled, "and she kept saying no. Like, a really hard no. She said she wasn't interested in girls.

"Well, I thought maybe she just needed to learn. You know, throw her in the deep end. So one Saturday afternoon we were fucking, and I told her again. 'I want a threesome,' I said. 'I want to see you 69ing another woman.' She said no again, and I decided it was time. So I tied her down on the bed."
