 Ronnie had me just about sold on his plans for Friday night.

"I'm telling you, Shelly's friend will be into you!"

"Yeah," I said. "But will I be into her? How do I know what I'm walking into here?"

"Okay, I'm going to be completely honest with you Frankie."

I knew what he was going to say.

"She's kind of, um, well she's not skinny."

"Not skinny ... or fat?" I replied.

"Oh, she's definitely not fat, she's just a little, well, curvy!"

I could tell how desperate he was. As a college freshman, my roommate Ronnie was my only real friend and he was desperate to set up this double date for his girlfriend Shelly and her friend Rhonda. Shelly was a great girl, not my type only because she's taller than me (basketball player), but I was still jealous Ronnie could score a girl that great. It obviously meant a lot to him to have me go along with his plan, and I didn't exactly have any plans for Friday (other than the usual sitting alone playing video games).

"Okay, Ronnie. I'm going, but you owe me."

"Thanks man! It'll be fun, we'll get something to eat then go back to their place and drink!" It actually sounded fun, much more than I've had recently, and I hadn't drank since my first weekend in school.

When Friday rolled around, Ronnie was bouncing off the walls even more than usual. He was pretty confident that this double date idea would lead to some serious points for him. I couldn't blame him, I would be in the same mood, since I hadn't gotten any since a late-summer tear before coming to school and settling down some.

Not surprisingly, Ronnie was overdressed. He plunked down way too much money at the mall for some slacks and some flashy button-up shirt. Even with Ronnie's pleading, I wore my usual jeans and hooded sweatshirt.

We were meeting Shelly and Rhonda at an Italian restaurant called Noodles, and the whole way there I was dreading the moment I would meet my date: Seeing the overly obese girl and trying to divert my gaze from her non-neck while also trying to sound happy to see her. Oh, well I thought, at least I was going to get alcohol out of this.

We got to Noodles just as Shelly's car was pulling in, Ronnie and I went to greet them. Shelly got out first and looked like even more of a knockout, her long basketball player legs on display with a short skirt.

"Hi Frankie, I'm glad you came, we're gonna have a lot of fun."

"Hey Frankie," said a voice to my right I turned to see my date and was instantly floored by how cute she was. Her face was actually cuter than Shelly's, with dirty blonde hair that hung to her shoulders. I was glad to see that she was similarly underdressed, wearing simply overalls and a long-sleeved t-shirt. But upon the quick inspection of her body I noticed that Rhonda had a mountain-sized rack beneath her overalls. I should have known this, since I was told she was curvy, but I had never dated a busty girl so I was kind of taken aback.

"Oh, you must be Rhonda," I said. "Yeah, I'm Frankie, nice to meet you."

Rhonda gave me a hug and a quick peck on the cheek, which kind of surprised me. I felt her oversized honeymelons press against my chest. Ronnie and Shelly had already started walking toward the restaurant, Rhonda looked in my eyes.

"Thanks for coming, I know we'll have fun." I detected a slight bit of vamp-ness in her voice, like she really wanted to have some fun. I also noticed that while she was certainly curvy, with a nice plump ass to boot and bigger than average thighs, she was by no means fat, just a little bit chubby if anything.

Dinner went great, with Ronnie telling the girls all about my foibles of going to the wrong classes the first two weeks, as well as how the two of us tried to cook dinner for our floor, rather unsuccessfully. Rhonda and I got along well, I learned that she is from a military family and had gone to five different high schools. She's obviously very cultured and also very happy to finally settle down at a place she can call home.

As we were leaving, Ronnie gave me the keys to his car and told me to follow him and Shelly to her place. I would be driving Rhonda in his car, which I was dreading as some awkward silence. I was thinking of what we could talk about on the way to Shelly's place before Rhonda started talking as soon as she shut the door.

"I'm having a great time Frankie. Shelly told me you were a hottie and she was right on the money."

I didn't know what to say. I was certainly flattered but also knew I had to reciprocate Rhonda's kind words.

"Well thanks Rhonda, looks like we have two hotties in the car then."

"Oh that's so sweet Frankie. You told me that in the parking lot though, when you were eyeing me. I take it you like big tits?"

I nearly missed a stop sign when she dropped that bomb on me. I had never met a girl this forward, and really didn't know what to say.

"Oh, I don't know, I guess all guys are, aren't they?"

"It's okay Frankie," Rhonda said while turning to face me. "I love my E cups, they get me a lot of attention, don't be afraid to say you like them too."

"Well, I, do like them, Rhonda, they're awesome. Well, here we are!"

Thankfully we had just arrived at Shelly's small but nice house on the edge of town. I think I knew where the conversation was going, but I honestly wasn't ready for it, but I know I'll be ready the next time.

Ronnie and I took a seat in Shelly's living room as the two girls prepared drinks. I could hear them whispering to each other and giggling every now and then. Before the date it had not entered my mind that I would get laid, but I was feeling more and more confident. 

Ronnie sure was confident, as all he could do was smile and nod at me from across the room.

"Okay boys, who's thirsty?" Shelly said. The girls had concocted some kind of fruity drink with loads of alcohol in it, although it didn't taste like it. Rhonda sat right next to me, leaning against my shoulder with a hand on my thigh.

Ronnie and Shelly couldn't stop talking and laughing as they downed their trough of alcohol. I thought about interjecting before glancing over at Rhonda, who was beaming at me. I was lost in her big green eyes, and I nearly spit my drink out when Rhonda gently slid my hand into the side of her overalls.

Her skin was baby soft and I soon felt the material of her thong. I was a thong connuisseur from my previous relationship with a self-admitted Victoria's Secret addict. I could tell these were a pair of VS's Signature Cotton V-Strings, one of my favorites.

Rhonda had a pillow on her lap, so it wasn't readily apparent to Ronnie and Shelly what I was doing, but it really didn't matter anyway since they were pretty much ignoring us at this point. I slid my fingers inside her thong to find a soft, slightly trimmed bush, which I was now gently stroking. I looked at Rhonda and saw her close her eyes.

I slid my fingers down further and slowly found her clit, which was very wet and growing by the touch.

I was looking at Rhonda, but could see Ronnie and Shelly get up to leave and go to the adjacent room. We were alone, and I was about to fuck a girl I had just met. This was definitely the best Friday night ever.

When Rhonda opened her eyes, I saw that same vamp look that I had caught in her voice in the parking lot. She knew what she want and I wasn't going to stand in her way. Without averting her gaze, she sat up and unfastened her overalls, then leaned into me.

I easily slid my hand down her ass as her tongue entered my mouth. Her ass was made for groping, and maybe spanking, and I wrapped my fingers into her thong as I caressed her ass. This wouldn't last long, though, as Rhonda directed my hand up her shirt.

Having never been with a busty girl before, nothing could have prepared me for how massive her bra-encased breasts felt in my hand. Her bra was even softer than her skin, probably went for $50 at VS. But I wasn't in junior high any more, so I wasted no time in pushing her shirt over her head, which revealed Rhonda with her eyes closed and a coy smile on her face.

I had my hands all over Rhonda's milky skin now as she went back to kissing me. My hands eventually went back to her bra, this time to its sizeable clasp. After a rather futile try at unfastening it, Rhonda giggled and sat up, reaching behind her before slowly unleashing her mammoth breasts.

They were wonderful. Full, with pale pink aereolas bigger than those of any girl I had been with. I pulled her breasts into my face and dove right into one of those big nipples, circling it with my tongue before gently nibbling it.

Rhonda then reached for my sweatshirt, which she tossed aside before focusing her attention on my pants. I was out of my jeans in no time and Rhonda quickly pulled my rock hard cock out of my boxers, stroking it slowly. I responded by laying Rhonda down on the couch and pulling her overalls off of her, revealing a cream-colored V-string. I ran my hands over her smooth legs before resting my hands on her hips and pulling off her panties.

Before I could do a tongue-dive on her pussy, Shelly sat up and pushed me down.

"We can have foreplay another time, I just need a cock inside me right now."

I didn't both to say a word, I just let Rhonda go to work. She expertly sat up on me and slid my cock inside her wet, tight pussy. We both shuddered as it went in easily.

Rhonda's out of this world breasts were now right in front of my face as she began to find a rhythm on my cock, not so much pounding me as gyrating like a piston. She worked my cock like a pro as I groped her ghetto booty.

Right after I entered her, we heard loud moans from the next room. Yes, Ronnie had gotten lucky.

"Oh, we can do better than that, can't we?" Rhonda asked.

I just smiled as I started moving my hips in unison with hers. Rhonda started mashing her breasts together in front of my face, teasing me by moving them right as I tried to grab a nipple with in my mouth.

Rhonda was on top and in charge, but I knew I had to change the situation if we were going to out-sex our friends in the next room. I slapped Rhonda's big ass, and told her to get on the floor. I knew my actions invigorated her and she gladly obliged.

She got on all fours and pointed her ass at me. It looked so much bigger and sexier now, with her bush winding up her crack to her asshole.

I situated myself behind her and plunged my cock into her pussy again. The view was just perfect: All I could see was Rhonda's wonderful ass, with my cock going in and out of her pussy. I grabbed her hips and started pumping her more aggressively.

"Oh, oh, that's it Frankie!"

Rhonda was moaning and groaning louder and louder as I picked up my pace. I felt Rhonda reach back to finger her clit. I was close and started ramming her even harder before exploding inside her.

"Ah, ah, ohhhahhhhh! My God Frankie!"

I pulled out and laid on the floor with Rhonda who rolled over to lay on my shoulder. It seemed like we were there forever before I got a bonus for an unbelievable evening. The door to the next room opened, and before I could cover myself, Shelly walked out naked to get a glass of water.

I couldn't help but stare at her small pert, breasts and perfectly shaven pussy. Shelly walked by me and winked.

"Thanks again for coming, Frankie."