 Those of you who have met me before may remember that I'm a first-year at university in England. I share a room in Halls with Amanda, a nice girl with whom I get on well and have a lot in common. Except, that is, with regard to our respective attitudes to sex. Amanda is a hearts-and-flowers romantic. She needs affection, commitment, patience and trust. Me, I need cock, as much and as often as possible, in any and every hole. To be called a slut isn't an insult to me, it's a badge of pride. I don't have any hang-ups, any demons; I don't open my legs or my mouth for every passing prick because I'm insecure, or can't say no, or want men to like me. I do it because I absolutely adore fucking and sucking.

Early in the academic year, Amanda started dating Matt, a fellow first-year and all-round nice guy, while I continued my quest to bring relief to as many throbbing cocks and aching balls as humanly possible. Shortly after we returned to college after the Christmas break, I had an uncharacteristically in-depth conversation with Amanda about sex. She accepted my lifestyle unjudgementally, but we rarely discussed it beyond the occasional joke. On this particular night, she was in a pensive mood. I returned to our room after a very pleasant shag with a third-year Agriculture student (mmm, those farm boy bodies...) to find her attempting to study.

"How was he?" she asked, as usual, as I took my discarded knickers out of my handbag and threw them into the washing basket.

"Nice," I said, and there the conversation would normally have ended. Not tonight though.

"What did you do?" Amanda asked, after a moment's pause. I glanced at her, surprised.

"You know...the usual," I said. She put her book down and lay back with her hands behind her head.

"I don't know what your usual is," she said, "did you just shag? You don't mind me asking, do you?" she added.

"I don't mind, I'm just not used to it," I replied truthfully. "And the answer is no. We shagged for a bit and then I sucked him off."

"Stu said you did that," Amanda said, her mouth twisted slightly in distaste. Stu was Matt's room-mate, and I'd sucked him to a fairly explosive climax during their Halls' Hallowe'en party the previous term. Actually, it was thanks to Stu telling all and sundry that I was the best cocksucker he'd ever known that I'd been so in demand ever since, so I didn't only have a mouthful of his own tasty sperm to thank him for, but a plentiful supply of other men's too. "Do you really let them come in your mouth? Is it not awful?"

"God, no, it's fantastic," I said with feeling, "Some say it's an acquired taste, but I liked it straight away. And blokes are always so grateful, especially if you swallow. It might seem like a submissive thing to do, but in fact it's very powerful."

"I don't think I could do it," Amanda said, "I think I'd probably be sick." She paused again, and then said quietly, "Matt asked me to do it a couple of times, but I said no. He understands though."

"Then that's okay," I said, taking off my clothes and getting into bed, "there's no law that says you have to do it."

"You haven't cleaned your teeth," Amanda said, climbing off her bed and heading towards the bathroom.

"I know," I grinned, "I'm still enjoying the taste of the last thing I had in my mouth." She grimaced again, but laughingly, and the conversation came to a natural end.

I thought no more about our chat until a few days later. Amanda was at lectures while I had a free study morning. I showered and dressed, pulling on a short denim skirt and v-neck cardigan, then spread my books out on the desk in our room and half-heartedly began to read. I hadn't been working for very long when there was a knock at the door. Eager for the distraction, I opened it to find Matt standing there.

"Hey Matt," I said, "Amanda's not here. She's got lectures until lunchtime."

"I know," he said, "it's you I want to talk to. Can I come in?"

"'Course," I stepped aside from the door. He sat down on Amanda's bed and I swung my legs up onto my own so I faced him. "What's up?" He fidgeted with the raised stitching on Amanda's duvet cover and didn't meet my eyes. "Matt? Is there something wrong?"

"Not really," he said at last, still not looking at me. This was very unlike the confident, jovial Matt that I knew. "It's just..." he trailed off, then took a deep breath and burst out, "Stu told me what you did – you know, at the party." He didn't wait for confirmation but rushed on "I want Amanda to do it to me, but she won't." At last he met my gaze, "I want you to convince her."

"Convince her to give you a blowjob?" I said in amazement. Matt glanced away at my words, blushing, and I felt a sudden stab of pity for him. He must be desperate for it to put himself through this, to open himself up to potential ridicule, I thought. So much for him understanding, as Amanda had said.

Feeling it would be easier to continue this conversation if I wasn't sitting directly opposite him as if we were in an interrogation room, I got up and sat down on the end of Amanda's bed instead, so we were side by side and didn't have to look at each other.

"I know it's a weird thing to ask," Matt said in a low voice, "but Stu said you were really into it, and I thought – maybe some of your enthusiasm might rub off on her."

I almost laughed, but managed to bite it back. Instead I said softly, "Matt, I will try if you want me to, but we talked about this the other night, funnily enough, and she said she'll never do it. She says the thought makes her feel sick."

"Shit," Matt muttered in frustration, pulling hard at the stitching again.

"Is it really so important to you?" I asked. He shrugged.

"It's just something I really want," he said, "I think about it all the time, especially after Stu – well, you know. Whenever I have a wank I imagine I'm coming in some girl's mouth." He blushed again. "Sorry, I shouldn't have said that."

"It's okay," I said casually. Inside my heart was beating a little faster and a plan was forming in my head. As Matt had spoken, I couldn't help but notice two things: firstly, that he had said "some girl's mouth", not specifically Amanda's, and secondly, that an unmistakable bulge had appeared in his jeans. "You can talk to me about anything, you know I'm unshockable," I went on. I squeezed his thigh – his strong, muscular thigh, my mind registered automatically – in an apparent gesture of friendly solidarity, but I let my hand rest there lightly. I was encouraged by the fact that he didn't move away, and even more so by the way the bulge grew noticeably bigger.

"I really like Amanda," he said, "and it would be stupid to break up with her over something like this, but the thought that I might never get to do it frustrates me so much..." He shifted absent-mindedly to relieve the discomfort that the building pressure was obviously causing, bringing him a few inches closer to me, and that made up my mind.

"Listen," I whispered, moving even closer, "why don't you let me do it for you?" As I spoke I let my hand slide up his thigh to brush his crotch. Matt jumped and gasped but still didn't pull away.

"Oh, I don't know," he said, "Amanda's your friend. It would be wrong." Something in his tone told me he wanted to be convinced, and I gave it my all.

"No, it would be the perfect solution," I said quickly, still whispering so as not to spoil the mood, "you know I'll never tell her so she won't be hurt, but it takes the pressure off her. Meanwhile," I lowered my voice still further, leaning ever closer until my breath tickled his ear, "you get a blowjob from an experienced cocksucker who will swallow every drop." By now I was rubbing his swollen cock slowly through his jeans and his pelvis was moving in tiny rhythmic circles, urging me on. His eyes were closed and he was breathing hard, hanging intently on my every word. There was no way he was going to turn down my offer, but I played my trump card anyway. "Please, Matt," I breathed, "please, please let me suck your cock."

It worked. Men love to hear a woman beg for it, and Matt was no exception. In a flurry of sudden movement, he ripped his belt and buttons open, pulled down his jeans and boxer shorts and lay back on his elbows, staring up at me with an expression of lustful anticipation.

His cock was magnificent. There's no other word for it. I'm not exactly choosy – if it gets hard, I'll have it, is pretty much my motto – but even I can appreciate a really glorious specimen and Matt's was outstanding, in every sense. It was big, and thick, and straight, and hard enough to cut diamond. It twitched and throbbed expectantly, and a thick droplet of pre-cum glistened at the tip. Amanda must be fucking stupid, I thought. If I had a boyfriend with a beauty like this, I'd spend my entire life either on my knees or on my back with it stuffed as far inside me as it could get. I realised that my mouth was literally watering. So, incidentally, was my cunt.

"Fuck, Matt, that's one of the most gorgeous cocks I've ever seen," I said with complete honesty.

"Coming from you, that's a hell of a compliment," he said hoarsely, and I smiled.

"Yeah, I've seen enough to be able to judge," I said, "My God, I'm going to enjoy this." With that, I knelt over him and began to kiss his thighs, tiny teasing kisses that crept nearer and nearer to his taut scrotum. I could hear his breathing quickening as I inched closer, and then a low groan of frustration as I ignored his cock and balls and instead moved round to kiss his belly and run my tongue through his pubic hair. I could smell the irresistible tang of his arousal and it only served to turn me on even more. I returned to his thighs again, using my teeth lightly this time and making him gasp, moving ever-upwards once more. This time when I reached his sac, I pressed my lips to it. Matt made an incoherent sound of pleasure as I licked his balls and then blew gently. When I sucked first one, then the other into my mouth, he groaned loudly and the sound brought a fresh wave of moisture to my already-dripping cunt.

I reached the base of his throbbing cock. I ran the tip of my tongue quickly up to the head, then slowly and deliberately kissed my way back down it with those same gossamer kisses. I worked my way around his cock in this fashion: rapid tongue-flicks upwards, slow teasing kisses down. I could feel a pulse beating in the flushed engorged head of his prick and it matched the throb between my own legs. Impatience was starting to win out now, and on my next upstroke I rubbed the tip back and forth across my lips, smearing the silvery pre-cum like lipgloss for me to savour later. Finally, I opened my mouth and slid it down over his velvet-smooth cock.

"Oh yesssss," hissed Matt, tilting his pelvis instinctively upwards. I shifted slightly so I could take him all the way in on the first stroke. I wanted this to be special. His response suggested that it was. "Fuck, oh fuck, that's incredible," he moaned. I glanced up and saw that he was watching his shaft disappear between my wide-stretched lips, right up to the balls. The expression on his face was priceless: lust, awe, excitement, satisfaction all mingled together. I held his cock in my throat for a moment, feeling it twitch and expand, then I whipped my head upwards in one quick stroke until I held just the tip between my lips. Matt gasped as I repeated the movement, then alternated with a fast downstroke, gulping down his cock until I almost gagged, followed by a slow, smooth upstroke. At last I settled into a steady up-down rhythm, swirling my tongue around his shaft, holding the base gently with my left hand while my right cupped his balls.

"Oh God, this is fucking amazing," Matt groaned. His hands were in my hair, not pushing but resting lightly on my head, and his eyes were closed. The look on his face now was one of pure ecstasy. I was pleasantly surprised at his stamina, although the amount of pre-cum leaking onto my tongue and the unmistakable tightening of his balls beneath my hand signalled that his climax was imminent. I concentrated my efforts around the head of his cock while beginning to wank him lightly with my left hand. That was enough to tip him over the edge. His cock swelled in my mouth, his back arched and with a guttural grunt, the first explosive wave of jism spurted out. I let out an involuntary, muffled moan of pleasure as his hot sperm filled my mouth, relishing the sharp salty taste. He came copiously, his balls emptying their delicious contents onto my tongue seemingly without end. My mouth was getting so full I had to swallow before he had finished spurting. At last the flood slowed to a trickle and the last few drops squeezed out. I held the last mouthful, intending to show him his spunk on my tongue and then my empty mouth after swallowing, but as I moved up the bed with my lips parted and his creamy juices bubbling at the corner of my mouth, Matt opened his eyes, grabbed me and kissed me hard. His tongue touched mine and he sucked his sperm into his own mouth. We passed it back and forth between us for a moment, then I greedily swallowed and smiled at him.

"That was pretty sophisticated for a first-timer," I said, lying back on the bed. He lay next to me, still panting slightly, eyes glazed.

"I've tasted myself before," he said, "when I've had a wank. Didn't think it was fair to expect a girl to taste it if I wasn't prepared to." He shifted onto one elbow, and touched my face gently. "That was incredible. Thank you."

"It was a pleasure," I said with complete honesty, "a real turn-on."

"You really get aroused from sucking a cock?" he asked with interest. In answer, I took his hand and placed it between my thighs. He inhaled sharply as he felt my sodden knickers and the juices working their way down my legs. To my delight, he didn't move his hand away, and a second later I felt his finger pull the crotch to one side. Hesitantly at first, then with growing boldness, Matt began to rub the tip of his finger up and down my dripping slit. Automatically I parted my legs further, sighing with pleasure. He increased the pace, moving in small circles over my swollen clit, his eyes never leaving my face. Instinctively I began to move my hips in a rhythmic up-and-down motion and my breathing quickened. Matt smiled, his expression growing in confidence as he realised I really was as easy as he'd heard, and that he could touch me any way he wanted to.

"Let me see your tits," he said quietly but firmly. Instantly I reached up and unfastened the cardigan. I wasn't wearing a bra and my nipples stood straight up with excitement. "Very nice," he murmured, bending his head and sucking an erect nipple into his mouth. At the precise moment that he did so, he slid two fingers inside my slick cunt. I gasped and arched towards him, lifting my hips right off the bed, jolting closer to orgasm. He began to finger-fuck me slowly, sucking and licking my tits all the while. Suddenly he paused and raised his head. In a tone almost of wonder, he said "Jesus, I'm getting hard again." He withdrew his fingers, making me whimper, and fumbled between his legs. Sure enough, I felt his cock pressing against my thigh and reached down to stroke it encouragingly. No sooner did I have my fingers around it then I felt it lengthen and thicken further, and Matt moaned.

"Can I fuck you?" he hissed, raising himself above me.

"Yes, God yes," I groaned, opening my legs further still and lifting them around his waist. He reached down, pushed my skirt up over my hips, pulled my knickers to one side again and then guided his cock to my eager open cunt lips. I felt the tip of his rod hot against my entrance and tilted my pelvis up hungrily. He paused again.

"What about a condom?" he asked. I shook my head frantically.

"I'm on the Pill," I said, "I want to feel your cock, just fuck me."

"You're fantastic," Matt whispered, "I've never fucked without a condom before. Oh, I'm going to come so far inside you, you'll be able to taste it." His words made me moan with anticipation, then he was pushing into me, his gorgeous fat prick sliding effortlessly inside until his balls rested against my entrance.

"Fuck, you're so wet," he gasped, "and so tight. How are you so tight with all the cocks you've had up you?"

"Exercise," I said with a mischievous smile. "Feel," and I squeezed my well-trained pelvic and vaginal muscles along his meaty length. He groaned with delight and began thrusting urgently. I was already close from the fingering he'd given me, so it took only a few hard strokes before I came, quivering and sighing. Matt didn't break his rhythm but continued to thrust in and out. Having come once already, he had stamina, but by the way he was panting hungrily, I sensed the novelty of his bare unprotected cock sliding inside a wet naked cunt was starting to encourage the contents of his balls to boil over. He stopped and eased his glistening cock out for a moment, partly to regain control and partly so he could pull my knickers off, before entering me once more with one quick rough stroke. The feeling of his big cock filling me over and over was exquisite, especially when he grabbed my ankles and pulled my legs over his shoulders to achieve maximum penetration. At that angle, he was more than long enough to brush against my cervix with a delicious flicking movement, and the sensation tipped me into a stream of intense and noisy multiple orgasms. I came over and over, gripping Matt's back with desperate fingers, crying out incoherently with pleasure. My internal muscles rippling spasmically around his cock brought him off too, and with a loud wordless groan, he thrust his stiff prick roughly in up to the balls and shot his hot sticky load deep, deep inside me with such powerful spurts that I felt it splashing against my cervix. I had one last shuddering climax from the feeling of his jism being dumped as far up my cunt as it was possible to get, then as his cock finished squirting inside me, he pulled out and collapsed beside me.

We lay next to each other for several minutes, catching our breath and letting ourselves relax. Then Matt fastened his jeans and sat up. He moved to the end of the bed and looked down at me. I was still lying with my skirt rucked up past my hips, my legs apart and my naked cunt exposed. To complete the picture of a well-fucked slut, his sperm was just starting to trickle out of my hole and onto the bed. The time it had taken to work its way out was testimony to how far up me he'd deposited it.

"That's so hot," Matt said now, looking closely at my swollen, twitching snatch, "I've never seen my spunk running out of a girl's cunt before. I wish I had a camera."

"Next time," I said, with a lascivious smile, "or maybe you'd like to see it running over my tits?"

"Or dumped all over your face," he said with an equally dirty smile.

"Mmmm, sounds fun," I agreed, "especially if I'm kneeling in front of you while you shoot off." I saw him close his eyes fleetingly and bite his lip. "You could do me doggy style, then pull out and give me a nice creamy facial."

"It's a date," he said huskily. I got up and kissed him. Before I pulled my skirt down, I showed him his semen running down my thighs.

"It feels as good as it looks," I told him, fastening my cardigan and putting my knickers in the pocket, "but not quite as good as it tastes." And with that, I bent down and licked up the mingled juices that had spilled out of me onto the bed – Amanda's bed.

We should have felt guilty, especially as Amanda herself returned not more than five minutes later and Matt had to pretend he'd come to meet her. But I have no morals, and Matt – well, he's turned out to be not quite the perfect gentleman I thought he was. But as my aching cunt and tingling tongue will verify, he's definitely the perfect fuck. I can't wait to feel that glorious cock shooting a load into my stretched-open arse...