 Being a writer, I'm able to enjoy my mornings correctly, with a huge mug of coffee on my spacious back deck, drinking in the Eastern sunlight. That morning, I didn't even bother to change out of my pajamas: a pair of loose fitting yoga pants and a tight white tank top that gave my full breasts a nice lift and some quality cleavage. I pulled my blonde hair back into a loose ponytail and splashed some cold water on my face, making my cheeks flush pink.

"Taking the morning off?" My neighbor Rick asked. 

He was standing on his deck in a blue t-shirt and boxer shorts with a cigarette and a cup of coffee. His hair was a mess. I blushed when I looked up at him. He's a police officer here in Chicago, very tall and muscular. I'd often fantasized what it would be like to be pulled over by a guy like that, and what I'd do to get out of a ticket.

"Always do," I said. "I do my writing in the afternoon, if I feel like it. I'm feeling sort of lazy today. I may just lay around and do nothing."

He nodded and crushed out his cigarette. 

"I have the whole day off today," he said. "Bored stiff." 

I noticed his eyes drifting down to my tits, my legs stretched out on the chaise lounge. We had flirted in the past, a few double entendres, a few chance touches while we passed each other in the hallway. He was very sexy. I'd seen women come and go from his condo, a bit frazzled, a little disheveled. I could feel my nipples harden as I thought of him. I was going to have to take care of myself a little bit before finishing up the day.

"Why don't you come on over for lunch then, officer friendly? I have some left over lasagna, right up your alley.."

He raised an eyebrow and smiled. "What time?"

"Noon, of course. Lunch time. I'll leave the back door unlocked."

He gave me a crooked little grin then and said, "I bet you will."

I thought about Rick as I settled into my mid-morning bath, turning on the Jacuzzi jets to bubble softly between my legs. I was beginning to get a bit too warm, tingly. As I lay in the water, splashing water over my breasts, I let my other hand slip down between the warm folds of my pussy. I started playing with the water streams, sliding one finger deep inside my hot snatch as I imagined my neighbor fucking me hard, pulling my hair, making me come. I slid another finger inside and pumped furiously as the fantasy got hotter. I shuddered with orgasm and purred satisfactorily, making plans to seduce the policeman when he came over for lunch.

After my bath I decided to relax in bed under the ceiling fan, letting the cool air dry my skin. I had carefully trimmed my pubic hair to a slim 'landing strip' and had lotioned up my whole body, feeling luxuriant. After that, I must have fallen asleep.

I woke up feeling weighed down. My arms were pulled above my head and when I blinked awake, Rick was there, straddling my hips, handcuffing my wrists to the headboard. He was in full uniform, his brown eyes twinkling with a bit of evil mischief.

"What…" I tried to talk but he covered my mouth with his gloved hand. I could taste the bitter black leather in my mouth.

"This is quite a sight to walk into, little slut. No wonder you left the door unlocked." I struggled for a minute beneath his grip until he said, "You wanna play, girlie?" I could feel his cock through his pants, pressing against my stomach as he leaned over me. I was instantly wet, my nipples instantly rock hard. I nodded silently and he pulled his hand away, leaning over to crush my mouth in a kiss. His gloved hand wandered between my legs, one of the thick, leather fingers pushing inside of me and quickly withdrawing. "Close your eyes, little slut, and I'll give you your lunch."

He tied a black cloth around my eyes and I lay there naked, my arms stretched high above my head. I spread my legs instinctively and waited for his cock. I could hear his belt swishing free from his pants, his shoes clattering to the floor, night stick, holster. I was fidgety, aching. I bucked and rolled my hips waiting for his touch.

"Am I in trouble, officer?"

"Not yet. We'll have to see if you behave yourself." 

And then it came, his tongue on the bone of my ankle, then the skin on the back of my knee. I groaned with pleasure, licking my lips, wanting to kiss him again. My pussy was dripping wet, anxious to be penetrated. 

"MMMmm," he said. "You smell good. I always knew your pussy would smell so good. I think about it while I jack off at night, laying in my bed, thinking about sucking your pussy." He kissed the inside of my thigh. I whined for more, trying to push myself against him. His chest, a bit hairy and rough, scratched across the skin of my legs.

"Oh please," I said quietly. "Don't do this, don't tease me like this. I want to come so bad."

"You do?" He said. I could hear the smile in his voice. He dipped his tongue into my navel. I felt the hard skin of his cock against my shin. "You want me to make you come, little girl? Because I can make you scream."

"I'm so wet," I said, arching my back towards him. "Please."

He kissed me on the mouth again, his tongue slipping in easily over mine, his cock pressing at the entrance of my waiting pussy. I wanted it so badly. I struggled against the handcuffs.

"Lay still," he said, sliding away from me. "Or you'll have to be punished."

I couldn't tell where he was, and then I felt his tongue between my legs. He held my thighs apart with his hands and lashed at the wet lips until I thought I was going to explode. He moaned with delight as I ground my wet pussy into his face, wanting him to probe deeper. His fingers pushed inside of me while he sucked my clit between his lips, flicking it with the end of his tongue.

"Oh my god. Oh fuck," I said, feeling my legs start to tremble. "Oh I'm going to come! Yes, keep going."

He sucked deeper, his fingers working furiously inside my twat, the thumb just very lightly brushing against my asshole, pressing in a bit. All I could think of was his cock, his cock deep in my pussy, deep in my ass. I wanted to hear him come. I arched my back completely and felt my whole body release in a shuddering orgasm. He quickly pulled away, took off my blindfold and rammed his thick cock deep inside of me, groaning with pleasure as he sunk into the wetness. 

He bent over to kiss me as he thrust hard. I could taste my own juices on his lips and tongue, and it triggered another spasm of orgasm, my muscles clenching and milking around his prick as he hammered in and out of me.

"Oh fuck," he said breathlessly. "Oh fucking god, you're so tight."

I wrapped my legs around his hips to pull him deeper and he sunk his teeth into my shoulder as I felt him explode inside of me, the hot warmth instantly spreading up through my body. He collapsed on top of me, his hot breath across my chest. I kissed his forehead and he said,

"Now, how about that lasagna?"