 "I can do this, I can do this."

I sat in my car and softly mumbled to myself, fidgeting in my seat. I sucked anxiously at my lower lip, thumbing through my old text messages. I scrolled through the text messages from the last 24 hours between me and Katie.

Katie: (22:47) u made it thru wave 2 but I still think ur too weak to be an Alpha PhiMe: (22:49) I'm not afraid to prove my dedication. I've passed every test so far. Keep 'em coming.Katie: (23:02) u talk tough but will u prove it?? there's an auction tonight at kappa sigma. we're putting up the new pledges for bids. Whoever pays the most gets 2 hrs to do whatever they want with the pledge, NO BACKING OUT!Me: (23: 03) Put my name on the list. Katie: (23:05) R u serious??? have u ever met the boys from kappa sig?? they will eat you alive hun lolMe: (23:06) I want to be an Alphi Phi. Put my name on the list. Katie: (23:32) k. auction starts at midnightKatie: (00:24) lol im surprised. some guy actually paid $100 for u. hope u don't chicken outMe: (00:26) Just tell me when and where. I'll be there. Katie: (11:12) the kappa dorm at the corner of 2nd and kennedy st. 6pm tonight room 104. id better get a good report back from ur ownerMe: (11:14) I'll be there. Do I get to know who won the auction?Katie: (11:17) lol no stupid. u will find out if u show upMe: (5:45) I'm at the dorm.

I reread the messages over and over again, my stomach churning with anxiety. What the hell was I talking about? The only guys I had ever hooked up with were long-time boyfriends, and even that was strictly vanilla! Sure I've looked at kinky porn online, but I was never brave enough to ask for it. I had to talk a tough game and pretend to be unfazed to even be considered as an Alpha Phi. Maybe I had gotten myself in too deep this time. I chewed at my lower lip again as I mulled over my odds of survival.

'Well, maybe it will just be boring, quick sex. 3 minutes of pumping and he'll cum,' I thought. 'Then I can prove to Katie I'm no joke.'

I exhaled deeply, like preparing to rip off a band-aid. I twisted my keys, turned off my car, and swung my purse over my shoulder, ready to face my doom. As I walked down the hallway towards the dreaded room 104, I reminded myself of my goal.

I have always considered myself the total package: brains, humor, looks, and talent. But according to my Professors and the few people who returned my resume with a frown, I have no personality on paper. To get hired at my dream job, I need to prove I can be "The It Girl," I need to prove I can get the social media notoriety. Without extra-curricular activities to set me apart, these jobs see me as nothing more than a coffee girl. Alpha Phi has long been the sorority associated with greatness. Girls who have the smarts to back up their beauty, but aren't afraid to cut someone down to win. Each member of the Alpha Phi sorority has a minimum of 20,000 followers on social media. Katie has 300,000! So I started doing everything I could to fit in with the Alpha Phi girls. I started dressing sluttier, I improved my grades, I started watching RuPaul's Drag Race for makeup tips! I decided that I would do anything to prove that I could be a somebody. They put us pledges through hell for two days straight and over the next 48 hours, 16 girls were cut from the list of potentials. Now only 10 girls are left, and there's only 3 spots in the sorority. It has to be me. I have to get in. There is no other option at this point, I'm at a dead-end if I don't become an Alpha Phi.

98...100...102...

I swallowed thickly as I approached my "owner's" door. I smoothed down my short black skirt and fussed with my hair before I knocked. "I can do this, I can do this." I mumbled to myself, closing my eyes tightly. I wasn't sure how slutty to dress for this encounter. I knew what to expect but I didn't want to seem too enthusiastic. Was that a mistake? I suddenly started doubting myself and glanced down at my outfit. I wore a tight-fitting black tank top that hugged my 36Cs without a bra. Beneath my skirt, I chose white lace panties that were see-through in the right lighting. "No chickening out." I breathed aloud and knocked firmly on the door. I glanced down at my phone. 05:59. Right on time.

I braced myself as the door swung open.

"Oh, hi Alanna." A tall, lean figure leaned against the open door.

"Ryan?" My mouth hung open. This was the last person I expected to see. Ryan stepped out of the doorway and motioned for me to come inside. He told me to take a seat as he closed and locked the door behind him. There were two beds on each wall of the dorm, one side organized and clean with a neatly-made bed, and the other a mess of clothes and garbage thrown haphazardly on the bed. I instantly knew the organized side was Ryan's. "I didn't even know you were in Kappa Sigma." I said softly, resting my hands on my knees as I sat on Ryan's bed.

Ryan and I were in Plant Science together last semester and were pre-selected as lab partners. We didn't have to work together long, just a couple of weeks while we put together a presentation. Ryan was always so quiet and serious in our group, I never imagined he could keep up with the party animals at Kappa Sigma. He was always nice enough to me, despite being as quiet as he was. He finished his half of the slide show before the due date and we got an A on the project, but we never really talked. Ryan stood at just over six feet and had a lean, lanky build. He was always pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose, and hardly ever spoke in class, so I always just thought he was a quiet anti-social guy. Part of me breathed a sigh of relief. I was afraid I was going to get one of those cocky party animals! They would've just used and abused me, I thought to myself. My eyes flicked up to Ryan, who fished into his pocket and took out his phone. The flash on his phone lit up and I winced, startled by the light. He was silent for a few seconds as he typed, then flipped his phone around so I could see the screen.

It was a text conversation with Katie.

Katie: (11:03) hi ryan it's katie from alpha phi. when and where do u want me to send alanna to meet u?Ryan: (11:07) 6pm at the Kappa dorm on Kennedy. Room 104. I'll text you when she's here and let you know how it goes. Ryan: (6:02) She's here.

The picture of me sitting on his bed was sent along with the new message. I smiled and couldn't help but let out a soft sigh. "Thank you, Ryan." I brushed my bleached-blonde hair behind my ear and relaxed my posture a little.

"For what?" Ryan set his phone on the desk near his bed and looked at me with a raised eyebrow.

"Well, I -- uh..." I stammered. I fidgeted again, trying to dance around the words. "You're not like some of the guys I know." I wanted to just get this awkward sex over with. He was so quiet, maybe he just wanted to lose his virginity with someone! I couldn't help but smirk a little.

"Alanna, I don't want there to be any misunderstanding." Ryan said calmly and firmly. "I'm going to fuck you until I get my money's worth." His expression was unmoving and casual, as if he had just asked me about last week's homework.

"...huh?" I felt dumbfounded.

"What, did you think it was an accident that I bid on you?" Ryan asked, a grin creeping over his face. I couldn't form words and I felt my face growing hot and red. I could feel his eyes on me as he stood over me, right hand in his pocket. He stretched out his left hand and brushed his fingers against my cheek softly. "I always thought you were cute, but it was pretty clear what your intentions were when you went from wearing jeans to wearing mini-skirts." I swallowed thickly, looking away from Ryan's gaze as he touched my face. I could feel goosebumps forming on my arms. "You started chasing Katie around, wearing those high heels and slutty clothes, trying to prove you'd do anything to fit in. Did you think no one would notice how desperate you were?"

My face felt like it was on fire. My stomach churned and flipped, but I still wasn't sure what to think.

"Answer me." Ryan gripped both sides of my jaw with one hand and turned my face towards him. His piercing blue eyes were unwavering."I only care what Katie thinks." I finally admitted, and Ryan released his grip when I spoke. "She's the one who decides if I become an Alpha Phi." I crossed my arms over my chest, beginning to feel a little defensive. So he had been watching me, judging me this whole time? "Everything is riding on getting in."

"Then I guess you'd better do a good job." He said, again without any sympathy in his voice. Before I could say anything else, Ryan took a fistful of my hair and pulled me off of the bed. I let out a sharp whimper and followed his tugging, kneeling down onto the floor in front of him. I pouted once he released my hair, but he quickly grabbed my jaw again. "Let's get some things clear. When I tell you to do something, you do it. When I ask you a question, you answer. Do you understand?" Ryan asked, forcing me to look him in the eye again. I felt like my head was spinning, I couldn't believe my old lab partner was talking to me like this. I barely heart Ryan say 10 words last semester, and now he was so strict and demanding. I slowly nodded my head, dazed and confused. Ryan opened his palm and slapped my face firmly, shocking me out of my zoned-out-state. "Do you think I'm asking questions just to hear myself talk? Answer me, slut." There was that serious, unblinking look I remember seeing in class. Suddenly, it was the most intimidating look I had ever felt. I wanted to look away again but I knew he would punish me.

My lower lip trembled and I swallowed back my pride. "No." I was trying to be the brave girl I made Katie think I was in text messages.

"That's 'no, sir.'" Ryan corrected me, and I felt color flood to my face again.

"I understand, sir." I mumbled out the words obediently and Ryan seemed to relax a bit.

"Take off your shirt." He demanded, and I hesitated for a moment before looping my fingers at the bottom of my top and pulling it off. He leaned forward and grabbed my breast, then began tracing his fingers across my chest. "Cute tits." He smirked again, taking my nipple between his thumb and index finger tightly. I winced and that just seemed to make him smile more. Ryan began tugging on my nipple, stretching it forward and sending shivers down my body. I wanted to prove I was tough and did my best not to make a sound. "Don't worry, we'll get back to those." He mused, leaning up and brushing his fingers against my cheek again. Ryan aligned himself directly in front of me and smirked. "Your first task is to make me hard in 30 seconds. If you don't get me hard in time, I'm going to punish you." He wouldn't clue me in on his plan, but I knew I didn't want to get bad remarks. I reached to unfasten his pants and Ryan slapped my hands away. He ran his fingers through my hair and tightened his grip again, smirking down at me. "No, I'm not going to make it easy for you. You may not take them off and you only get to use your mouth."

Any strategy of mine was suddenly out the window and I looked up at him with big, nervous eyes. "Time starts now." He said with a musical chime, pushing my face towards his clothed cock. All I could think about was the text he'd send Katie -- what would he say if I couldn't even pass the first test? Desperation dug its claws into me and I decided there was no point being shy. I leaned forward and wedged my face against the crotch of his jeans, brushing my face across the front of his bulge until I could feel the tip of his cock. I quickly stuck out my tongue, rubbing it up and down the front of his jeans. I let my spit build up, realizing I would need to get the fabric wet before he'd feel any of my movements. I closed my eyes and suckled at the bulge in his pants, swirling my tongue in circles against the wet spot I was forming.

I couldn't focus on time and started getting worried -- I needed to step it up a notch. I opened my eyes and made eye contact with Ryan. "Please fuck me, sir." I said without hesitation, channeling my inner Alpha Phi. "Treat me like your whore." As soon as I finished speaking, I was back to licking and slurping at Ryan's cock through his jeans. My thirty seconds were up and Ryan pushed my face away from him. I wiped my thumb against my lower lip nervously as he unfastened his jeans, snickering about the large wet spot I left on his pants.

"Such a messy whore," Ryan muttered as he pulled off his pants and exposed his cock. I audibly gasped as he pulled it out, hard and glistening with pre-cum. His cock must have been at least eight inches long, but what really surprised me was the girth. He was definitely bigger than any guy I had been with, no competition. He wrapped his hand around his thick cock and began stroking it, tilting my head up with his other hand. "Whore's the perfect word for you, isn't it? Fucking the highest bidder, no strings attached? I want you to say it." He insisted.

"I'm a whore, sir." I looked away and blushed, trying not to stare at his cock.

He turned my face again, still steadily jerking his hand up and down the shaft. "Look at me!" His tone was more aggressive this time and made me jump.

"I'm your whore, sir!" I said loudly, this time making sure to look right into his big, blue eyes. That was the answer he wanted to hear, because he pushed the head of his cock against my lips until they parted. I closed my eyes as he gripped a handful of my hair, guiding his huge cock down my throat. I whined and squirmed but his hand in my hair kept me from moving away. His cock was so thick it felt like my mouth was being stretched apart and I couldn't stop myself from dripping drool. I was fighting the urge to gag as he filled my mouth, seeing just how far I would let him go. I thought about Katie's disapproving, smug face. I promised to be a no-limits whore, and damn it, I was going to be loyal to my word. My eyes teared up as he pushed forward, sliding the shaft closer to my uvula. I whimpered, sending a vibration down the length of Ryan's dick.

"That's it. Show me how much you want it." He grunted, finally arching back his hips and pulling his cock in and out of my mouth. "Put your hands behind your back." He ordered, and I obediently folded my arms behind my back and continued to blow him. He began taking control of the movements; overlapping my thrusts with his own rough, forceful pumps. I gagged aloud but didn't have the chance to swallow or wipe my mouth. My dripping spit finally reached my chest and Ryan just increased the speed of his thrusts. I could tell he was getting off on how much of a mess I was making. "Y'know Alanna, you're even cuter with my dick in your mouth." Ryan said in a sweet voice then laughed, pulling me off of his cock to reposition himself onto the bed. He sat on the edge of his twin bed and pulled me between his legs on the floor, still keeping a hold on my hair. "You can use your hands now." He finally released me and let me go back to my own speed, but I took my opportunity to impress him.

I wrapped my hand around the base of his cock and began stroking it up and down, focusing my tongue on the head. It was hard for me to even wrap my fingers around the entire base and I marveled at the size. I looked up at him, immediately meeting his gaze as he watched me suck his cock. I slurped loudly and bobbed my head up and down, picturing him cumming early and letting me go home early. But Ryan showed no signs of slowing down, and I stayed focused on pleasing him as he reached for his bedside table. When I looked up again, he had his phone inches from my face, resting against his abdomen. I froze like a deer in headlights, realizing he had started filming me as I sucked his cock. I could tell he was testing me, seeing if I would freak out or protest. I wouldn't give him a reason to punish me. I slipped his cock back into my mouth and went back to stroking the shaft. He moaned softly as I took his cock deep again, resisting the urge to gag again as I practiced deepthroating. "Look at me," he moaned, focused on keeping his phone camera steady. I obediently flicked my eyes up, mouth full of cock, and lapped eagerly at the underside of his cock. "You're just happy being a cum dumpster, aren't you, Alanna?" Ryan asked aloud, making sure the camera picked up his voice.

I nodded dumbly and made eye contact with the camera, my "Yes, sir," muffled by my mouthful of cock. Ryan kept his eyes fixed on the screen and moaned, leaning his head back as I took it into my throat again. I felt myself getting into the rhythm now. I could feel his body tense as I stroked him, especially each time my tongue circled the head of his cock. For a moment, I forgot that this was supposed to be a humiliating punishment. I never thought I'd have the chance to be with someone so big, so I was more focused on worshipping his cock like it was the last one on Earth. I closed my eyes and gagged as he held my head down for a few seconds. I whined softly, feeling my airway cut off as he forced his cock all the way in. As he pulled my hair and tugged me off, I gasped for air and felt my eyes water. When I opened them up again, tears slid down my cheeks. This just seemed to get Ryan more excited.

"That's it, Alanna." He rubbed his fingers under my eyes and smeared my makeup, spreading it down my cheeks and face. He shined the camera in my face again, showing off what a sloppy mess I had become. "You should get used to this look if you're gonna be an Alpha Phi." He snickered. He returned his hand to my hair and tugged me back again, this time not letting me come back for more. "Get on the bed and turn around." He demanded, ending his video and placing his phone back on the bedside table.

"Yes, sir." I panted softly, lifting myself onto his small bed and bending forward, arching my ass in the air. I was no longer looking at Ryan, and held my tongue until he told me what else to do. I could feel him shifting around behind me, rustling through his things. I closed my eyes and sighed, finally starting to remember the predicament I had gotten myself into. Anything he wants. I couldn't help but squirm a little as I started imagining what he had in store for me. Finally he touched me again, this time his hands unfastening my skirt at the waist and tugging it off. All I had left now were my lace panties. I shivered with antici...

Oh! Before I had more time to worry, Ryan had his face against my ass, his tongue grazing against my panties. There wasn't much coverage through the thin material and I let out a soft moan. He slowly pulled them off as he continued licking, increasing his fever once the panties were around my thighs. I couldn't stop myself from moaning, spreading my legs a little to give him further access. I was drenched by the time he pulled away, slapping my ass for good measure. Ryan leaned forward and grasped by breast in his palm, I didn't think much of it until I felt a sharp sting. He grasped my other breast and repeated the motion. I looked down and noticed a clothespin attached to each of my nipples. I winced and whimpered as the blood flow cut off, starting a stinging feeling that made me shiver. "Open your mouth." Ryan demanded, and I obediently opened my mouth and stuck my tongue out. He clipped a third clothespin to my tongue and reclined. "How does that feel?" He asked, though there was no shred of sympathy in his voice. He was definitely enjoying making me suffer.

"It fflllls ghhhd, srrr!" I made sure to call out, despite the clothespin. I couldn't see his reaction but he ran his hands down my ass, spreading it to examine my holes. I squirmed again, and drool was starting to leak out of my mouth since I couldn't close it. My spit dripped onto my chest again and I felt embarrassed and exposed. I didn't want him to see me sweat, though.
