 "Heather will probably be home late tonight and then sleep until about 9:00. If you come around tomorrow morning about 9:00, she'll probably still be in bed and wearing that lacy baby doll nightie you saw at the party. It'll give you a real good chance to seduce her before she's properly awake."

"Not going to happen," said Neil.

"And I'll wear a baby doll nightie as well," said Janet, ignoring Neil's comment. "That'll make it easy for you to spank my bottom. Any way, it's time for you to go. I have to go to bed and you're not staying the night."

Seeing Neil off, Janet called after him. "Remember. 9:00 o'clock."

Neil waved and laughed. "Not going to happen," he said.

Janet watched him drive away. "Wanna bet?" she murmured.

Instead of retiring to bed Janet stayed up and watched TV, waiting for Heather to get home. When she finally arrived, around midnight, Janet pounced.

"Hi. How was your evening?" she asked.

"So-so. Had better. Had worse," returned Heather.

"Uh-huh. I take it that means that you didn't get laid?"

"Didn't want to with that particular gentleman," she was assured. "Now enough about me. Why are you smirking like a Cheshire cat had had the all the cream and the canary?"

Seeing Janet's smile become even brighter, Heather jumped to conclusions. Accurate ones, though.

"You bitch," she breathed. "You got laid tonight, didn't you? Don't tell me. Neil showed up like he promised and you let him."

"I didn't exactly let him," protested Janet. "I very politely told him no dice."

"And?"

"He ignored my protestations and started taking my clothes off."

"He raped you?" asked Heather incredulously.

"Not exactly," Janet said. "It's possible my protests weren't too strenuous."

"So what happened?" demanded Heather.

"Well after he got my top off and teased me for a while he told me to take my panties off. Things sort of got hotter after that and then we progressed into the bedroom and things got a lot hotter," she finished with a smirk.

"So you're saying that despite your determination not to have sex with him, he walked in and your panties promptly hit the floor and he fucked you?"

"It wasn't quite that fast, but essentially yes. He fucked me most comprehensively. In a variety of positions," Janet added.

"It's not fair," grumbled Heather. "I'm out and surrounded by a whole bunch of men and nothing. You stay home and they come right to your door."

"Don't let it worry you. You're next on his list," said Janet with a smirk.

"What are you talking about? I'm not going to have sex with him."

"Remember the party last night? And how he insinuated that he'd be trying to seduce the three of us?"

"Yes," said Heather with a grin.

"Well I asked him if he was really going to try to seduce all three of us and he is."

"He actually, admitted it?" said Heather, startled.

"Not exactly. He refused to comment on the subject and you know what that means."

"Yes. He means to. Oh! You were first on his list. What makes you think that I'm next?"

"Because I told him to come around here at 9:00 tomorrow because you still be in bed in your new nightie and an easy target," said Janet. "I figured you could get up at 8:30 for a quick shower before hopping into a nice fresh bed ready to be surprised when he comes prowling."

"You're offering me to him on a plate?" shrieked Heather. "What makes you think I want to have him fuck me?"

"Trust me on this. You'll want to. Maybe not as a steady date but as a once off it would be hard to beat. I'll probably put my hand up for seconds."

"But why are you making it easy for him?" expostulated Heather. "I'd much rather make him work for it."

"Because he indicated that there are a couple more positions he wants to try with me. I suggested that he try them out on you and I'd watch and consider if I wanted to try them," explained Janet.

"Oh, great. Not only are you selling my virtue for a pittance but you want to be a voyeur and to make me an exhibitionist," grumbled Heather. "I think I might give this a miss, thank you very much."

"After the party and watching him and Clarissa, we're already voyeurs," pointed out Janet. "And it was fun. If it's any consolation, my watching doesn't come free of charge."

"What do you mean?"

"Neil says that if I insist on watching he'd spank me first, and he probably will. He doesn't make promises lightly." Janet laughed. "I told him that you'd probably find it a turn on."

"It would be interesting, that's for sure," laughed Heather, "but how do you know he'll be here in the morning. Did he say he would?"

"Not exactly, but after the time we had I'm pretty sure he'll be back with his morning wood." Janet giggled at the thought.

"What does not exactly mean? What did he actually say," probed Heather.

Janet sighed. "He said it wasn't going to happen," she admitted, "but it will. He'll be here."

"Well I'm going to bed. If I'm not up when or if he gets here tell him to just wander into my bedroom and ravish me without any preliminaries. Unless he's going to spank you. I don't mind that for a preliminary. Good night." Heather headed to her bedroom and bed, leaving Janet to do the same.

- - -

It was 8:30 and Janet was rousting Heather out of bed. "All you need to do is have a quick shower and put on that new nightie," she persisted. "Then you can go back to bed and go to sleep again. When Neil comes he can jump in with you."

"I'll shower to shut you up, but he probably won't come and I'm not sure that I want him to anyway," protested Heather, heading into her en suite.

Quarter of an hour later Janet heard the knock on the door and opened it to find Neil lounging there. Knowing Heather was still in the shower, Janet tried to stall.

"Ah, I wasn't sure that you'd actually turn up," she said. "You said no."

"I changed my mind," laughed Neil. "It's not solely a woman's prerogative, you know. Can I come in?"

"Alright. Come into the lounge room and wait while I see if Heather's awake."

Turning and scurrying into Heather's bedroom, Janet didn't notice Neil following her in. She rapped on and then opened the en suite door slightly.

"Heather, he's here. Hurry up out of there while I stall him," she hissed.

"Give him coffee or something," called out Heather. "I want you to stall him until I get dressed. I've decided that I'm going to make him work for it. Bet you $5 I can get him on his hands and knees begging for it," she added with a laugh.

"I don't think you'll find him a pushover, even if he does want you," warned Janet. "He can be pretty determined you know. And if you're getting dressed I'll have to as well. My nightie doesn't exactly hide my figure."

"Think of the benefits of stalling him," Heather said. "If I put him off today, you don't get spanked. Maybe he'll even forget about it completely."

"And maybe he'll just decide to spank me for stalling him, especially with the way I'm dressed," grumbled Janet.

"That's a win to you," came the laughing reply. "You know you're wondering what it would be like."

Heather came whirling out of the en suite, clutching a towel around her. "Go and put the kettle on and...," her voice trailed off. "Hullo, Neil," she said with a squeak in her voice.

Janet spun around to see Neil lounging in the doorway, a determined smile on his face.

"Hi, Heather," said Neil. "How are you this morning? Why don't you elaborate on your plans of how you're going to tease me into submission? I'm curious over the details."

Heather shot a furious look at Janet, which was answered with a helpless shrug. "I thought he was in the front room," she said.

Heather turned back to Neil, a hesitant smile on her face. "Umm...," She faltered, not knowing quite what to say.

"Would your plans involve dropping this?" Neil politely enquired, reaching out and taking her towel from her. He tilted his head slightly, admiring her shocked look and her lovely nudity. "Yes," he said. "That would certainly get my attention."

Heather looked back at him, defiant. Damned if she'd try to cover herself. "If you overheard, you'll understand that I'm not sleeping with you today," she announced, "so you might as well leave."

"That's OK," said Neil. "I don't mind staying and enjoying the scenery. I can assure you I have no intention of sleeping with you, either." He laughed at her startled look, before continuing. "Doing other things, yes, but not sleeping."

"Have I ever told you how lovely your breasts are?" he asked. "Remiss of me if I haven't. These are truly exquisite." Neil reached out and gently ran his thumb across Heather's breasts, rolling her nipples slightly as he did so. "It seems to me," said Neil, "that it would only be fair for me to give you a chance to use your body to start persuading me." He started undoing the buttons of his shirt. 

"What do you think you're doing," demanded Heather.

"I'm getting on level terms with you. Once I'm undressed you can use your body and see if you can persuade me to beg."

"You're kidding, right?" Heather watched, dry mouthed, as Neil continued to strip. Even as she watched he stepped out of his trousers and she realised that he was ready for anything she might want to do. She swallowed with difficulty.

"This isn't proving anything," she muttered, avoiding looking at him. "You might as well get dressed again."

"Yes, it is," said Neil. "You want to prove your dominance." He reached out and drew her up against him, her nude body pressed closed to his own. He backed up until the bed was pressing against his knees. "I'm going to give you your chance. Are you going to take it?"

Heather was sweating now. She felt hot and bothered and little stabs of excitement were tormenting her loins. She knew where this was going and she also knew that she wanted it. Just how far could she tease him she wondered. Then again, why bother teasing? Why not go straight to torment?

Neil could see determination gathering in Heather's face. She wanted him but she also wanted to dominate. He was prepared to let her try but was confident that when the games began in earnest, he would win.

Heather was mentally tossing a coin. Should she or shouldn't see. Catching a movement out of the corner of her eye she glanced to the side, to see Janet watching them, hardly daring to breathe. Knowing her friend was there watching was enough to decide the mental toss. She would take him and make him beg.

A spasm of excitement ran through Heather at the thought. She pressed herself firmly against him, feeling how his hardness complemented the softness of her own body. Feeling how part of him seemed very hot and hard as it pressed against her. She pushed forward, feeling a thrill as Neil first sat, then lay, on the bed.

Letting himself be pushed back onto the bed, Neil lay there watching as Heather climbed onto the bed, kneeling next to him. She placed one hand lightly on his chest while her other hand ran along his erection, squeezing and stroking. Neil reached up to stroke Heather's breasts, only to have his hand pushed back down. She wanted to control what happened.

Heather played with Neil's cock, teasing him, letting the excitement build in him. By refusing to let him touch her, she thought that he would soon be frustrated and start pressuring her for more, while she'd stay in control. The more she played and teased him however, the more excited she found herself becoming. 

Neil watched, enjoying Heather's administrations. He noticed her flushed face and deeper breathing and wondered how soon before she took the next step. Not long, he realised as she suddenly swung her leg over him and straddled him, pressing her moist slit firmly against his erection. He almost groaned as she started rubbing herself along the length of his rigid pole.

Heat burned deep within Heather, calling for a closer intimacy. She rubbed her pussy against Neil, enjoying the feeling but knowing she wanted more. Assuring herself that she was still in control, she rose on her knees and positioned Neil's cock under her, letting its head press against her lips. She stared into Neil's face, daring him to say anything, while her hand reached down and eased her lips apart, letting his cock slide between them.

Feeling Heather sliding down his pole, Neil pressed upwards, helping to ease himself with her. All too soon he was fully inside her, and she sat straddling him with his erection rearing up deep within her. Now Heather began to rock, enjoying the friction and determined to make it last as long as she wanted. When she felt Neil move up towards her she froze, indicating by deeds, rather than words, that he was to remain still. 

Acquiescing, Neil let Heather lead the way, taking him to where he wanted to go. Neil could see that tension was building within Heather, could tell from her gasps that she was moving steadily towards a climax. He was good for a while yet, he decided. Due to Heather not letting him thrust up into her, he was not as far advanced towards his own climax as she probably believed. 

Heather screamed as Neil suddenly rolled to the side, flipping her onto her back and withdrawing. "What are you doing?" she screamed.

Ignoring the question, Neil reached down and took her ankles lifting them high and then pressing them down around her shoulders. Heather found herself bent in two, legs spread and her hot little pussy exposed to Neil's gaze. One hand held her in place but the other, to her horror, came down in a stinging swat on her bottom. She screamed in shock, and then screamed again as a second swat landed along her pussy, stinging her lips with the sudden shock.

"Stop it," she cried. "Put it back. You can't stop now, damn you."

"That sounded a bit confused," said Neil, delivering another stinging slap. "Do you mean you want me to continue spanking or to resume fucking?"

"The fucking. Please, you can't stop yet," Heather raged.

"But," said Neil, delivering another pussy stinging smack, "if I continue you won't be in the dominant position. Will that be ok?"

"Yes," wailed Heather. "Stop hitting and take me."

Heather watched as Neil loomed above her, his weight pressing down on her, not caring about that as she watched his cock start down and press once more against her pussy. She gasped with relief as he plunged back into her, filling her and bringing back that sensation of incipient completion. Suddenly she wasn't feeling strong and in control but weak, submissive and feminine, obedient to the male who was ravishing her.

Neil thrust smoothly and strongly into Heather's now submissive body, feeling her softening beneath him and yielding to his maleness. He pumped harder, feeling her respond strongly, meeting his every thrust. The short break had not given her coming climax time to die down, the short spanking on her bottom and pussy actually spurring it on. Neil could here Heather gasping frantically, desperate for completion, and he was quite willing to oblige her. 

Bodies moving as one they came together repeatedly, mutual climaxes beckoning. Heather had a head start due to the way Neil had been able to hold back while she rode him, but now that she was pinned beneath him he was making up for lost time, enjoying his dominance as he charged into her. Heather screamed as she reached the end of the race, and screamed again as she felt Neil flooding her with his own climax. She gasped and shuddered as their bodies throbbed with the release of their passion.

Neil lifted up and away, letting Heather unfold and lie down fully. She lay there, breathing hard. "Well," she said eventually. "I guess I showed you."

"That you did," agreed Neil, "but I'm a slow learner. I may need you to show me again sometime soon."

"Just remember," said Janet, who had been an interested spectator to the whole show, "that you have also promised to try out those positions with me sometime."

The two on the bed glanced towards her, having temporarily forgotten their witness. Heather smiled ruefully, remembering her own teasing of Janet. Neil was remembering something else. He rolled off the bed and suddenly he was standing between Janet and the door, smiling at her.

A moment too late, Janet also remembered a couple of things. One being that she was standing there in a skimpy nightie and panties, and two being the fact that Neil had said he'd spank her if she stayed to watch. She flicked a quick look at Heather and could tell from the sudden smirk on her face that she'd just remembered the spanking threat as well.

"Neil," she said in a quavering voice. "You're not really going to spank me are you?"

Neil smiled. "Would you have me break a promise?" he asked, sounding shocked. "I'm surprised at you."

Janet tried to back away as he moved towards her but quickly realised that there was just nowhere to go. She stood still as he stopped before her. "This will make up for me not taking of your panties last night," he murmured as he reached down and, ignoring her clutching fingers, pulled her panties down and off.

Standing back up he hooked her nightie and lifted it, leaving Janet nude and nervous. "Come on," he coaxed, leading her back to the bed. "This won't hurt me at all."

Sitting on the bed, he pushed Janet's hand behind her back, holding them there easily while he ran his eyes over her nude figure, laughing at her scarlet face. Still laughing he eased her forward and down across his lap, her struggles useless against his greater strength.

"It seems to me, Heather," he said, "That you've got just as much right to spank Janet as I have. Do you want to commence?"

Heather giggled and jumped to her feet to stand next to them. Ignoring a frantic "No, Heather," from the victim, she gave a sharp little spank to Janet's bottom. There was a squeal from Janet, and at a nod from Neil Heather started to give Janet a nice little spanking, turning her bottom a light pink. At another sign from Neil, Heather ceased, and Neil spoke.

"That's the warm up. Now the main spanking." 

Janet shrieked as Neil's hand came down hard on her bottom. Warm up indeed. Heather's spanking her now seemed like a love pat. Neil's hand was twice as big and twice as hard and he seemed to be willing to use it. Janet's bottom quickly went form a light pink to a much deeper and sorer red. Satisfied with the result Neil, ceased the spanking, letting his hand rest on Janet's bottom, fingers idly probing her pussy.

"Next time I warn you not to be a voyeur, maybe you'll listen," he told her.

Janet lay across his lap, squirming as his fingers teased her. "Let me up please," she begged. Neil looked down at her thoughtfully, his fingers now slipping between her lips and further agitating her. He gave her once last friendly swat and released her. "I think it's time we all got dressed, don't you?" he said. "Then maybe a cup of coffee?"

Talking later over a cup of coffee, Janet turned to Neil. "Now that Heather and I are scratched off your list, I assume that you'll be chasing Brenda next."

"I never said that I had a list," protested Neil. "You did."

Janet looked at Heather. "See what I mean?" she asked. "No denial."

Heather nodded. "No denial. He's going to go hunting for Brenda. He doesn't really know her. How do you think he'll make contact?"

"He'll get us to arrange it of course."

"You're right. It's what would be easiest for him." Turning to Neil she added, "Brenda will be getting our deliveries in a couple of days. We'll arrange for her to bring them here one evening and let you know when to come around."

Neil glared at them. "I don't need you to help me meet someone," he almost snarled. "I have never said that I intend to seduce Brenda."

The girls looked at him and then ignored what he'd said. "I think we should let Brenda know to shave," said Janet. "Neil prefers a girl clean shaven."
