 Heather and Janet were visiting Brenda when she received the word that their orders from the lingerie party would be available on Friday. "Would you be and angel, Brenda, and drop them off at our unit on Friday evening, about 8:00," coaxed Heather.

"That won't be a problem," said Brenda. "I haven't anything else planned. Maybe we could go to the pub for a few drinks afterwards."

"Maybe we can at that," said Janet. "Do you have a current boyfriend, by the way? I know you were seeing Kevin, but I haven't heard you mention him recently."

"No-one currently," Brenda replied. "I gave Kev the flick. He's a bit of a loser. Nice to talk to but no depth."

"One other thing. Do you think you could shave before you come over?" asked Heather, innocence shining from her.

"Shave? Do you mean legs or?" asked Brenda, curious.

"Or. Definitely or," said Janet, giggling.

"OK. Give. What are you two up to?" demanded Brenda.

"Remember the night of the party and what happened after?" smirked Heather.

"Neil, you mean?" guessed Brenda.

"Yes, Neil," agreed Heather. "I believe he suggested that you shave before he seduces you. We're going to arrange for him to drop by our place on Friday at about 8:00."

"And what makes you think he intends to seduce me?" asked Brenda curiously.

"Well, he said at the party that he'd intended to come after the three of us. We'll all be there on Friday and he'll have his chance," said Janet.

"For a start, he probably didn't mean it. It was just his hormones talking. And if he did mean it why would he try for me rather than one of you?"

Janet and Heather looked at each other and then back to Brenda. "I asked him if he meant it, and he refused to talk about it," said Janet.

"I see," said Brenda, "but why me rather than either of you." "Oh," she added, seeing the innocent looks they gave her. "Both of you?"

Seeing their smiles, Brenda nodded to herself. "OK," she said. "I'll come around as agreed but if Neil is there don't be surprised if he doesn't try anything. It's highly unlikely when all three of us will be there. It'll sort of put him of his game, I think."

- - - 

On Friday, Brenda brought around the orders and was relaxing on the couch while Heather and Janet checked that everything was there. Then Neil rocked up as suggested and was invited in by Janet. Not really to anyone's surprise, Neil sat on the edge of the couch near Brenda.

"You do remember Brenda, don't you Neil?" asked Janet, tongue in cheek. "She hosted the lingerie party."

"I remember Brenda," smiled Neil. "I have some very good memories from that night," he added, looking at Brenda who flushed slightly.

Brenda felt a touch of excitement deep inside. He'd seen her naked on that night. It was the fault of the wine, of course. They'd all had one too many and been a little merry. Seeing as they'd finished up nude, maybe they'd had two too many. 

"The parties don't normally finish like that," she said, sounding flustered. "I think we'd all had too much to drink."

"Understandable," said Neil. "We all got carried away in the excitement of the moment."

"Drink was our excuse," mutter Janet to Heather. "He was sober, so what's his?"

"Male hormones," Heather replied, causing Janet to choke back a giggle.

At the enquiring look from Neil, Heather smiled blandly. "I was just reminding Janet that you told Brenda she needed to shave and was wondering if she had."

Neil turned and raised an inquisitive eyebrow at Brenda, who blushed again. "That's for me to know," she stated firmly.

Neil glanced at her and at her legs lying on the couch next to him and nodded thoughtfully. "and for me to find out," he said quietly, but loud enough for Brenda to hear, causing another little touch of excitement to flair within her.

Talk became more general for a while, but Brenda realised with a start that Neil's hand was tracing quietly up and down her leg, just stroking it softly while he talked. The others didn't appear to have noticed, so she let it be. It felt quite nice, making her feel special. She barely noticed that Neil's hand was now travelling a little higher each time, running along the inside of her leg.

Neil ran his hand softly along Brenda's leg, dipping under her skirt before returning. He could see she was flushing slightly and breathing a little harder but pretending to ignore him. Heather and Janet, he noted, were so deliberately blind to what he was doing that a spotlight and lit arrows wouldn't help. 

The next time his hand dipped under Brenda's skirt it travelled higher, gliding across her panties to where her neatly trimmed bush had been. His fingers drifted to and fro, feeling the skin through the panties and he smiled at Brenda before letting his hand drift down again.

Her face heated and, she admitted to herself, other parts as well, Brenda relaxed a trifle when Neil finished checking to see if she'd shaved. God he had a nerve, but at least the others hadn't seemed to have noticed. They probably wouldn't have believed it if they had seen him do it.

Brenda could feel Neil's hand starting its return journey, moving back up her leg. She refused to look at him. It would only encourage him, not that he seemed to need much encouragement. She found herself holding her breath all of a sudden as his hand didn't slip beneath her skirt but gently pushed it higher. And even higher. Flicking a frantic glance down Brenda could see that Neil had pushed her skirt up over her panties, leaving them completely exposed.

Neil watched as Brenda moved to push her skirt back down. Moving quickly he intercepted her hand and eased it away, shaking his head slightly to tell her not to try. Then his hand drifted back down to her panties and rested there, gently holding her pussy. Brenda sat still, wondering what to do. How could the other girls not notice what Neil was doing?

Brenda was getting confused and excited. Neil was rubbing her pussy through her exposed panties in front of Heather and Janet, and they didn't notice? They had to notice. They were deliberately ignoring it. Maybe she should say something. He'd been touching her for several minutes now. She'd have to speak up and tell him to stop.

Neil could feel heat and moisture rising from Brenda. She might be embarrassed, but she certainly was getting excited and turned on by his attention. The next step was going to be really interesting. He wondered which of the girls would be the first to give up the pretence and admit what he was doing.

Brenda felt Neil's hand moving up away from her pussy and she tensed. No way was he leaving her alone. What did he have in mind? She nearly shrieked with shock when she felt him take hold of her panties waist and draw then firmly down. She sat stunned as he slipped her panties down and off and then returned to playing with her pussy. Her naked pussy. On display for him and the others to see. And she was lying there letting it happen? This seriously was not happening.

Heather and Janet were interested spectators to the events unfolding, even though pretending not to notice. When Brenda's panties headed south they exchanged quick looks before not noticing it, continuing to discuss their purchases and making plans for future purchases.

Neil continued his merciless toying with Brenda's pussy. His busy fingers were now slipping between the delicate folds, exploring deeper, dipping into her vaginal passage and slipping out again. Brenda gave a choked gasp as she found him stroking her clitoris, sending excitement racing through her. That flickering touch on her sensitive clit was worse than having a cock plunge into her she thought. She was going mad.

Brenda suddenly realised things were changing. Neil was moving her legs off the couch and getting her to stand. She felt him undo the button at the waist of her skirt, letting it drop to the floor. Now he was pushing up her top, taking her bra with it as he pushed it up and over her head, leaving her naked. She flicked a quick glance at the other girls and could see that they were finally watching as she stood there naked in front of them all.

Neil now unzipped himself and eased his erection out of his trousers, letting it stand up stiff before him. He pulled Brenda forward until she was straddling his legs, his cock pressing up against her love mound, probing her slit. 

Neil now reached out and pulled on Brenda's leg, encouraging it up off the floor and onto the couch next to him. Then her other leg so that she was effective squatting on the couch with her pussy hovering over his cock while he supported her with one hand on her back. 

Brenda was appalled. Here she was, stark naked, squatting over Neil with his cock pressing firmly against her. And no-one else had removed any clothes. Not even Neil. He'd just unzipped himself. There was only one thing to do. She sank gratefully down upon that erection that was teasing her.

Neil gave a slight sigh of satisfaction as Brenda sank slowly down onto his cock, enclosing his turgid member with her moist heat. Happily pressing upward he surged home.

Janet and Heather watched in shock, seeing Neil's cock sliding deep into Brenda. As they watched, Brenda started bouncing happily, letting Neil's cock pleasure her. They could see Neil driving home, each upward thrust being welcomed by Brenda as she pressed down to meet it. They didn't believe this. It was one thing to have some fun teasing Neil about seducing Brenda, but they had not thought for one moment that he'd strip her in the middle of their front room and start fucking her.

Brenda and Neil were enjoying themselves. They were feeling good and they'd also managed to shock the socks of Heather and Janet. As Brenda bounced enthusiastically upon his cock, Neil idly wondered if he could get away with spanking them for being voyeurs. Then his mind returned to more pressing matters, like bringing pleasure to Brenda.

Watching the happy pair, the girls could see a completion was fast approaching. They could tell from Brenda's happy squeals that she was nearly there, and they doubted that Neil would be far behind. Heather suddenly laughed. "You have to admit that Neil called our bluff handsomely," she said to Janet. "I can't believe that Brenda let him seduce her in front of us like this. And after we warned her that he'd try."

"I know what you mean," said Janet. "I wonder when I'll get a chance to try that position," she added. "Brenda sure seems to like it."

A loud scream from Brenda distracted them, and glancing over they could see that she'd climaxed and was hanging onto Neil for all she was worth while she slowly came down. The contented look on Neil's face seemed to indicate he had also scored a home run. 

As Brenda got dressed afterwards, Heather repeated her remark to Janet. 

"Brenda," she said. "We warned you he wanted to seduce you tonight. How could you fall so easily."

"Don't be silly, Heather," said Brenda. "Neil didn't seduce me tonight."

"What? We just saw him."

"He came around and saw me yesterday. That's when he seduced me. Tonight was just a show we put on for you, because Neil says you like to watch. He also said he's allowed to spank you if you watch him make love to someone. Will he be spanking you while you're naked or just with your panties pulled down? And do I get to watch?"