 This is Part 2 of the Tales from Tennis Class series. If you have not already, I recommend you read Part 1 first for character introduction and development.

Chapter 1

As I headed out to the tennis courts to get prepared for class, my mind was still racing about what had just happened. Mostly I was still very turned on by the risky blowjob I had just received from Rachel, a slightly nerdy redhead that was struggling in my class. As hot as it was, there was also a nagging fear that I could get fired if anyone found out, and Dr. Griffin came so close to catching Rachel in the act. 

As usual, I got to the courts about 20 minutes before the start of class to make sure everything was set up and ready. As I got close, I could hear a couple of voices through the fence, but couldn't yet make out who was playing. While I almost always beat my students to class, it's not uncommon for the members of the tennis team to play before my class, and I figured today was no different. As I rounded the corner, I was surprised to see Rachel and her best friend from my class, Maddie, already on the courts stretching. Rachel had her back to me and was bent over at the waist, touching her toes, giving me a perfect view of her tight ass and legs in the yoga pants she was wearing. Maddie was standing opposite of her, facing me but with her head down as she was also touching her toes. This gave me a straight shot down her tank top to her C-cup sized tits. Maddie was a little thicker than Rachel in most areas, with a fair amount of baby fat still on her freshman frame. While I don't think many would have called her the hottest girl in class, she had a cuteness to her face and a curvier frame that I'm sure made her the fantasy of many guys that were into that type. While I've always preferred leaner, more athletically toned women, I wasn't going to pass up the chance to sneak a peek before they noticed me watching. 

Maddie, already facing me, noticed first that I was there and stood up quickly. Brushing her hair (bleached tips with darker roots) out of her face, Maddie giggled and nudged Rachel.

"Oh hey Coach! Rachel and I were just talking about you...." she said with a wink.

"Yeah, I was just telling her about how I injured your shoulder and had to come check on you this morning."

Giggling, they both turned to walk out onto the courts, Maddie making sure to flip her tennis skirt up over to her waist as she turned and Rachel adding an extra little shake to her ass. 

Before they could tease me any further, the rest of class started to show up and I was able to focus on the lesson for that day. As I gathered the class around me to demonstrate the proper way to grip a racquet, my eyes kept finding Maddie and Rachel in the back of the group. Standing behind the rest of the class where they couldn't be seen, they were making it a point to tease me every time they caught my eyes. Rachel would discreetly run her hands over her small chest whenever moving her hands to change her grip, licking her lips as she made eye contact with me. Maddie, taking my cues to try out each of the different kinds of grips, was obviously pretending the handle of her racquet was a penis and was twisting and pumping her hands up and down as if she were giving a hand job. It was becoming obvious to me that Rachel's promise to keep our encounter a secret was broken and that Maddie was now in the loop. 

After my lesson, I let the students break off into groups and practice what they learned. As usual, the more athletic students went to the back courts, and the weaker players stayed at the front courts where I could give further instruction. Maddie had played tennis in high school and usually went to the back courts, but I noticed she stayed close today and worked with Rachel on the front courts. For the rest of class, they each made it a point to be as discreetly seductive as possible when they thought nobody else was looking. I have a feeling some of the boys in class noticed some of the gestures and skirt flips they were doing, but after learning what I now know about Rachel, I doubt they minded. 

Finally, class ended without anything too bad happening. Rachel and Maddie took their time packing up their things, and managed to be the last two at the courts again. Without any sense of shame, Rachel pulled her sports bra over her head and slid her yoga pants down to her ankles. As quickly as she got naked, she began putting on the outfit she had on in my office earlier that day, a sexy blouse and tight blue jeans that hugged her ass and legs. 

"You don't mind me changing here, do you coach? I have a presentation in my next class, and I figured you'd get to see this soon enough anyways."

Maddie, watching the exchange from the bleachers, had to chime in. "Mmmm, Coach Jack, I heard she really helped heal that shoulder injury of yours today. You let me know if you need a second opinion!"

With that, both girls giggled uncontrollably and finished packing their things. Maddie made a show of bending over her gym bag to put her racquet up, giving me an eyeful of her large breasts straining against the fabric of her tank top. Catching my eyes as she stood up, she winked and teased "You like what you see, don't you...." Before I could respond, they were skipping off to their next classes and I was left at the courts alone, wondering what just happened.

I headed back to the office to try to get a couple hours of work done before heading home to Carly. After the way she responded last night, I couldn't wait to tell her about today's class, leaving out the part about Rachel's medical checkup earlier that morning of course. 

Chapter 2 

Somehow, I was able to regain my focus and get a lot of work done for the first hour. I was in such a zone that I didn't even notice Maddie slip in through my open office door and quietly shut it. I was startled when I felt an unknown hand rest on my shoulder. I turned to see her standing there with a lustful look on her face, still wearing her tennis outfit from class. 

"Hey Coach, I didn't mean to scare you!"

"It's OK Maddie, I didn't hear you come in. What can I do for you?"

"Well, it's just that Rachel told me all about what happened this morning, and I can't stop thinking about it. I know I'm doing well in your class and don't need help with my grade, but I can't let her have all the fun, can I?" 

Without another word, Maddie lifted her tank top over her head, exposing her full C-cup tits and confirming what I suspected in class, that she wasn't wearing a bra.

"Oh shit! Maddie, wow, those are incredible. Listen though, what happened with Rachel can't happen again. She caught me in a situation where I couldn't tell her no. Dr. Griffin was in my office and I couldn't stop her. I'm happily married though. I can't keep doing things like this." It occurred to me that my eyes never once left her now hard nipples as I was trying desperately to find a way out of this. 

Smiling a knowing smile to me, she sat facing me on my lap. "Well Jack, based on the bulge I feel growing in your shorts, I think you're wrong. You haven't stopped staring at these since I took my top off, so I know you want to taste them..." she said, pushing her large tits towards my mouth. 

Realizing that resistance was futile, I hungrily dove in, pulling her left nipple between my teeth and flicking the tip with my tongue while frantically grabbing her right and rolling her nipple between my fingers. Just like that, we were going at it like teenagers in the backseat of a car (well she WAS a teenager after all), with her fumbling at my belt clumsily.

"MMMMM yeah Jack, suck my tits, oohhhhhh"

I was burying my face hard into her large breasts, alternating back and forth, sucking one and fondling the other like I had never been this close to one before. By now, Maddie's hand had worked its way into my shorts and was quickly stroking my rapidly growing erection. 

In a smooth motion, I was able to stand with Maddie's legs wrapped around my waist and lay her back onto my desk. Kissing my way down her chest and belly, I was able to slide her skirt up to her waist and begin softly massaging her dripping wet mound through her panties. Keeping slight pressure across her clit and the outside of her lips, I kissed down her belly and began teasing her with soft kisses up and down each of her plump thighs. Sliding her soaked panties aside before moving my hands out of the way, I continued to kiss and tease her thighs, occasionally passing over her pussy, brushing against her swollen clit with my nose or tongue with each pass. 

"OHH GOD!!! STOP TEASING AND DO IT ALREADY!!" She moaned in pleasure.

In the back of my mind, it occurred to me that she was getting very noisy for this office setting, but I was past the point of thinking with my upper head at that point. 

After one more teasing flick, I dove in all the way, plunging my tongue deep into her slick hole before pulling back and playfully flicking her clit. I alternated between these two a couple more times before playing nibbling on her clit, sending her both writhing in pleasure.

"AHHHHH, YESSSSSSSS!" she cried as I slipped my index finger into her cunt before adding a second finger. "OHHMMYYYYGODDDDDD!!!"

She whimpered and moaned as I brought her near climax before pulling back and leaving her wanting more.

"Please coach, I need your big hard dick in me. Please fuck me!"

Needing no other invitation, I lined up my now fully erect cock and plunged all 8 inches into her, feeling my balls slap against her when I hit bottom. Thrusting in and out, slowly at first, but quicker with each pump, I felt her tight 18 year old pussy gripping my cock. With one last deep thrust, I felt her muscles grip my cock tightly as her body began shaking wildly. 

"HOOLLLLYYYY SSSHIIIITTT YESSSSS" she moaned as she came uncontrollably. 

Feeling her tight teenage pussy clamp on my hard cock was enough to put me over the top, and I was just barely able to pull out in time to unload rope after rope of hot cum on her milky white tits. 

I almost came again watching Maddie run her fingers over her tits, collecting my sticky jizz before putting her fingers to her mouth to lick it all up. "Mmmmmm, thanks Jack. I guess Rachel wasn't lying about you after all..."

I sat back, speechless, and watched her slowly get herself composed and dressed before sliding out of my office again. "What have I gotten myself into here?

I waited a few minutes before packing up my things to head home for the day. Checking my watch, I realized that Maddie was in my office for longer than I realized, and it was now well after quitting time. As I left my office, I noticed that most of the offices were dark and almost everyone had gone home fo the day. Despite the nearly empty building, for some reason, I was still trying to be discreet and make it seem like nothing had happened. I didn't expect to see anybody, but I knew that anybody that was in the building earlier would have surely heard Maddie's ecstatic moans just a short while before. I simply wanted to avoid anyone that still left and get out of the building unnoticed. While looking at my feet, I almost bumped directly into Jessica, a former student at the college that now worked as our receptionist. 

"Have a good night Jack, thanks for the show..." she playfully teased as she slipped past me and into Dr. Griffin's office, leaving the door cracked. 

Jessica and I had always had a flirtatious relationship, but it always seemed harmless to me. For years, I had an ongoing fantasy about office sex between a boss and a secretary, and Jessica only fueled that fire. Being a former swimmer, she had the lean, athletic body that I craved so much. Plus, she seemed to get some level of satisfaction by playing the part of the 'sexy secretary,' dressing sexily and watching the reactions of the other faculty members and students that she got to work with. It wasn't uncommon at all for me to walk past her desk only to see her bent over at the waist to retrieve something from the bottom of her filing cabinet, a wide-eyed student blatantly staring and drooling over her, waiting for whatever document he had requested. Today, she wore a sexy blue blouse that probably showed too much cleavage to be considered professionally appropriate, a tight black mini-skirt that stopped well above her knees, black stockings that hugged her long, trim legs, and high heels that highlighted her strong, sexy calves. To make it simple, she looked more like the fake secretaries you seen in porno movies than the more boring realities most people work with on a daily basis. 

Before I could get to the door, I heard playful giggling coming from Dr. Griffin's office and decided to see what was going on. I couldn't believe what I saw. Leaning back in his desk chair, with his hands behind his head, was my 50 year old, overweight boss. I could just barely see Jessica's blonde ponytail bobbing up and down from behind the desk, clearly giving him a blowjob. Despite her flirty personality and provocative wardrobe, I was still surprised by what I saw. A lot of women get satisfaction from teasing men and proving to themselves that they COULD have them if they wanted, but I didn't realize that Jessica was the type to act on it. That she was doing it with Dr. Griffin, the oldest and least attractive of the men in the building made it all the more surprising. I guess he was her boss, and that has an allure that overcame his physical appearance for her. 

I silently stood at the door, watching this beautiful woman giving her older boss a blowjob, thinking about how much my life had changed in the past few days. After a couple of minutes, Dr. Griffin stood and bent Jessica over his desk. Sliding her skirt up and over her hips, he dove in and began to tongue her asshole with a level of enthusiasm I'd never seen before. 

Moaning in pleasure, Jessica looked up and caught my eye. Instead of being embarrassed though, she simply winked at me, licked her lips seductively, and went back to enjoying the salad tossing she was receiving. I was finally able to pull myself away just as Dr. Griffin was positioning his below average dick against the entrance to her ass. I could hear her moans echoing through the dark hallways on my way out of the building. 

As I pulled onto my street, just a couple of miles off campus, I could have sworn I saw the taillights of Rafael's car pulling away from my house. Rafael was my best friend and tennis partner at tournaments. Togther, we had won several tournaments and were both still playing at a high level. He was a small, wiry guy from Portugal, with a thick accent that made it easy for him to pick up women at the local pub. He was divorced and seemed to be making the most of living so close to a college campus, bringing home students or younger professors on a regular basis. Being an avid tennis player like me, he had a muscular frame that was complimented by his tanned Portuguese complexion, making it easy for the women he pursued to look past his 5'6" height. It wasn't overly weird that he would visit before I got home from work, as he had become close friends with Carly over the years as well, but it did strike me as odd that he didn't wait until I got home. Rationalizing it in my head, I decided it probably wasn't his car that I saw, and just someone else that had a car like his very common silver Civic. Anybody that has been to a college campus knows that you find cars like this by the dozens, or so I managed to convince myself. 

Walking in the front door, I heard the shower running upstairs. Usually I would take this opportunity to join in the fun, but I was exhausted from the strangest day of my life. Instead, I headed for the refridgerator, grabbed a cold Guinness, and waited for her to head down for dinner. 30 minutes later, she came down wearing booty shorts and a loose T-shirt, her normal bedtime apparel. 

"Hey honey! Was that Rafael's car I saw leaving here a few minutes ago?" It could have been my imagination, but I swear I saw a brief look of panic cross her eyes before she composed herself.

"Oh, yeah babe. He just stopped by for a second. He's going out on a date tonight with Beth from my office, and I asked him to come by and pick up this top I had borrowed from her. I keep forgetting to give it back to her, and he offered to take it back to her for me."

"Oh yeah, I forgot you told me they were going out tonight," I said, letting my unease from earlier fall away. 

Carly was dying to hear how much my students flirted with me in class, but I didn't have the heart to tell her the truth, so I just played it off as another typical day. She tried to insist that I tell her all about the day, almost like she knew something, but I didn't even know where to start. Finally able to convince her of how tired I was, I went to bed early. It was a little odd that she was so persistent that I tell her about my day, and after hearing how turned on my last story made her, I wondered what was going on with her. I've always heard that women get a boost in their sex drive in their 30s, so maybe it was that? I was excited by her seemingly insatiable desire to hear these stories, but I didn't want to hurt her by telling her too much. As I wondered how to handle the situation, I was finally able to drift asleep.