 Chapter 2: The Open Road 

Recommended music for this story: "Nausea", by Beck

"John Kerry is a slick, conniving son of a bitch."

Or at least, that's what the message of the political ad on my TV seemed to be trying to get across.

"JESUS H. CHRIST!" I shouted, throwing a fruit loop at the television.

My roommate, Mike Sars, turned and looked at me. "What the hell, dude?"

"Fucking political ads," I snarled. "It's an entire fucking year until the next presidential election, and I've got Howard Fucking Dean on my fucking t.v. screen calling John Fucking Kerry a fucking douchebag. Why should I have to fucking see this at 7:45 in the fucking morning?!"

Mike just stared at me with a shocked look on his face. "Well… fuck," he uttered.

That broke the tension. I laughed, and he said, "Why don't you just turn it to the Weather Channel or something?"

"Nah," I replied. "I actually have to get going… the marching band is leaving at 8:30, and I need to get over to the Fine Arts College."

Friday morning, and we were about to hit the road for Sacramento. The football team was playing Sacramento State University the next day, and for some reason, the marching band was going along. What the hell – it was a road trip to California – fun, right? Well, the only problem was that it meant driving across the state on Route 66 and then up to Sacramento on multiple other highways. It was a trip of nothing but lameass cities – Ryder, Landisman, Queenlady, Laughlin, Bakersfield, etc., etc. Oh boy, oh howdy.

So, uniform bag in hand, I headed out the door. The Fine Arts College was just across the street from Bullhorn Hall, so I had plenty of time to find my way through the maze and pick up the keyboard.

On the way there, we had been told that the tubas and the percussion would be riding on the same bus. I was looking forward to that – it meant I would get to spend a few hours with Trina, and there had been precious few hours spent with her since Band Day. In fact, despite both of our hope for a repeat performance of what had happened in Coach Sweetzer's office, the most that had happened was just some making out and groping.

Of course, that wouldn't be happening. As I was exiting the band room into one of the many back passages of the FAC, I heard a voice very softly call my name.

"Jack!"

It was Trina.

"Jack, come here for a moment."

I set the keyboard down, turned around, saw her standing, strangely, in a fairly dark corner. I walked over to her, embraced her, and kissed her hungrily. She returned it for a moment, and then pulled back.

"Jack, listen," she said. "I have to make this quick, because I could get in trouble just for talking to you."

"Huh?" I was just simply confused.

"I'm being initiated into the Alpha Delta Pi Sorority," she said. "Part of my initiation is that this weekend, I can't have any boys or any booze."

It took me a moment, and then –

"Aw, GODDAMMIT!"

"Shhhhhh!" she said. "I know, this sucks, but I really want to join the sorority."

I let out a big frustrated sigh. "Dammit, dammit, dammit. I was really looking forward to this weekend."

"Really?" she asked. "Tell me, Jack, why?"

Hmmm. What did I say here? Because I was planning on banging you senseless all weekend, that's why?

"Uhhh…"

She breathed in, and then let it out slowly. "Listen, Jack, I love you as a friend, but…"

She paused. "What?"

"But, if you were just looking forward to this weekend because you wanted to have sex and lots of it, then maybe we should rethink that part of our relationship."

Wow. This weekend was off to a fantastic start. "Sorry," she said, walking off.

So, I stuffed myself into a corner in the back of the bus with my laptop and my DVDs. Fortunately, the school had just replaced the bathroom in the bus, so it didn't really smell in the back… thank God.

The buses stopped several times. The longest stop was in Queenlady. As were pulling off onto Andrew Sacred Blvd., one of the buses blew a tire. So, we were there for about an hour while that was getting fixed. All the while, I just sat fuming at the stupid ADPi initiation bullshit, not to mention the fact that I was missing out on a weekend of hot band geek sex.

Of course, that's when I realized that that might've been my problem. Right at the moment, I was only in this relationship with Trina because we had, ONCE, had amazingly hot sex, and I was hoping for a repeat performance. Quite honestly, Trina was much more than just that, and I needed to treat her as such.

Properly self-chastised, I returned to the back of the bus. Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back would do the trick for the next leg of the trip. Earphones on, I settled in for some Kevin Smith madness.

We finally got into Sacramento around 10:00 PM. We were staying at Holiday Inn, which was a plus. However, there would be FACulty (as we called them) roaming the halls till 2:00 AM, and it was made quite clear that if anybody wasn't up to snuff at rehearsal the next morning, there would be hell to pay.

I, for one, was exhausted. I climbed into bed, and was out before all of my roommates actually even got to the room.

The alarm went off at 7:00 the next morning, and I crawled back out of bed. Dressed in my black band t-shirt, a black jacket, and blue jeans, I headed downstairs for breakfast. As I sat in the dining area eating my donut and drinking my coffee, I saw Trina come into the room. Even in the tracksuit she was wearing, she still looked damn good. I felt a "stirring in my loins", as they like to say, but I told myself to calm down.

Rehearsal was oh so much fun. I spent half of it figuring out why I couldn't get the keyboard working and then the other half of it chewing a gradass up one side and down the other for bringing the wrong FUCKING amplifier. So, after rehearsal, while everybody else was headed off to SacState, that particular gradass got to go rent the right type!

Fortunately, we had a good team that year. Our quarterback, Jared Temecula, hailed from Burbank – not the one where NBC's West Coast studios are, but the western suburb of Vallé Salado. He was a freshman, but a freakin' amazing quarterback. The MHU Bobcats were a good team this year, and they really brought their A-game against the Sacramento State Hornets, but SacState was good as well. The Bobcats finally pulled it out at the end, winning the game 24-21.

The band brought its A-game as well. Last regular season game of the year meant our last performance of the show we had worked so hard on all year. So we went and played our hearts out. They keyboard was working, and I was pleased.

After the game, we got back on the buses. They didn't so much care who was on what bus on the way back – you see, they just wanted to make sure everybody actually got there. If somebody didn't get back – well, they were adults, and that was their problem.

I got on the same bus anyway. It didn't smell, and I needed an area of privacy anyway – I had some work to finish on the way back.

So, as I settled into my seat in the back of the bus, I looked up. Trina was getting on the same bus, too – and this time, she had Jen Cavendish with her.

Jen Cavendish is an alto sax player. She's a redhead about Trina's height, but her body's built a little differently – she doesn't quite have the curvature that Trina does, but that's okay – she's still hot.

The funny thing about it was something that had occurred on Band Day. As we were getting ready to enter the field for our demonstration show, I had heard Trina make a comment to Jen that "Jack has eight inches…" At that point, there had been a huge drum hit and I hadn't heard any more of the comment.

But, I really didn't care right at that moment. I got to work.

Around 2:00 AM, as we were passing through Bakersfield, one of the gradasses asked if it would be okay to put a curtain up by my seats, since I was still working and I had lights on. I said fine, and he hung a curtain from hooks installed in the ceiling.

Around 3:30 AM, we hit the city of Barstow, if you can call it a city. As we were leaving the east side of Barstow, my curtain was pulled back a bit. It was Jen Cavendish.

"Hey Jack," she said.

I took of my glasses and set them down on the laptop. "Wow, you're up late," I replied.

"I couldn't sleep," she said, as she sat down next to me and let the curtain fall shut. "I think I drank too much caffeine at the game."

"It's entirely possible," I said. "I'm a little surprised, though… after long enough in marching band, you learn how to regulate your caffeine intake. Or, at least, I did."

"Well," she replied, "that's the thing. This is actually my first year in a marching band."

Now THAT was curious. "Really," I said. "You didn't do marching band in high school, and so you came up here and just decided to join marching band?" "Well," she began, "I've been playing the sax since I was in fourth grade, and as a music education major, it was this or symphonic band. I'm sick of symphonic band, and so I decided to go for something new."

"That makes sense," I replied. "So, what did you think of your first season?"

"It was fun! I will say, though, that it has wreaked havoc on my sex life."

I nodded agreement. "Boy, do I hear you on that," I said wryly. I had gotten laid exactly once all semester.

"I heard you had fun on Band Day," she said with a giggle.

I stopped short and looked up. "Oh, REALLY. What else have you heard?"

"Don't worry," she said. "Yes, Trina told me. But I'm almost certain she didn't tell anybody else."

I started to sigh in relief –

"Not that she would've had to, though. You guys made so much noise that there was a crowd of about twenty people was gathered around the door of Coach Sweetzer's office by the time your alarm went off."

"Oh, shit," I breathed. That wasn't good. But then…

"Why didn't I see any of you?"

"Well," she said with a smile, "as soon as we heard you shout, 'Oh shit,' we all knew it was probably time to go."

I couldn't think of anything to say. I was mortified and yet amused, all at the same time.

"There's something else I heard," she said, a grin spreading on her face.

"Oh, what's that?"

"I heard that you have eight inches…"

She stopped. I heard a drumline hit in my head.

"…of cold, hard cock."

It takes a lot to make my eyebrows shoot straight up my face. That did it.

"So, do you?" she asked.

How did I even answer the question? "Well, yeah, thereabouts," I said lamely.

"Can I see?"

This was going way too fast for my exhausted brain to handle. "Uh, sure, why not…"

I just sat there. She just sat there. "Uh…"

She giggled. "So, are you going to unzip your jeans, or am I supposed to do it?"

"I'm sorry, I'm just so tired," I replied. "But, uh, sure."

I reached down and unzipped my jeans and unbuttoned the fly on my boxers. I pulled my limp dick out of my shorts – which, by the way, is something that I would not do unless drunk or exhausted.

"Well, that doesn't look like eight inches," she snarked.

"Don't worry," I said. "It'll get bigger."

"Let me see if I can help," she said. Leaning across me, she gently tipped the tip of my dick, which caused it to jump and start growing right away. As it got bigger, she took more and more of it into her mouth, until my entire dick was in her mouth to the base.

I was impressed. I knew that there were a lot of vocalists who could deep throat, but I didn't know that about reed instrument players. Or maybe it was just Jen.

Now, unlike the last time I got a blowjob, I was totally exhausted, and I didn't have six months of sexual frustration built up. So, I didn't blow a huge sloppy load in Jen's mouth like I had with Trina, and after about two minutes, she came up for air and said, "I think I can do something else you'll like even more."

Well. That sounded fantastic, because getting a deep throat blowjob had been pretty damn nice, too. Cautiously, so that she wouldn't bump the curtain and give away what was going on in the back of the bus, she unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them down to the floor. She was going commando, and so I got a great view of her tiny ass as she bent over to pull the jeans off her feet.

She turned around, and I got an even better view. She had a neatly trimmed small triangle of curly red hair on her pubic area. My old friend Kris used to call redheads "firecrotch", and now I saw why.

Pulling her sweater over her head, Jen revealed a very nice set of tits. Not huge – maybe a B-cup – but very, very nice nonetheless.

Picking up her jeans, Jen reached into a pocket and pulled out a Trojan condom package. Tearing it open with her teeth, she pulled out the condom and, with amazing speed, rolled it down over my fully erect cock.

When the condom was fully on, she turned around, and with her back to me, gently sat on my lap. My dick rubbed against her slit, brushing through her pubic hair. She rubbed up and down for a few seconds, the head of my dick bumping her clit, and then moved forward, and settled her pussy down onto my cock.

Oh, wow, did that feel good. Even though I was on the verge of falling asleep, it was still an extremely pleasant stimulus. She settled my cock completely into her pussy, wiggling around a bit to get it situated just right.

Slowly, she lifted her ass up, and then slid back down. My cock slid nearly all the way out of her pussy, and then back into its velvety warmth. She repeated this maneuver, and kept repeating it, over and over, but never speeding up.

I grabbed her hips and tried to get her to speed up, but she resisted. Turning to look at me over her shoulder, she said, "If I go any faster, people will hear."

"I've apparently had it happen before," I grunted. "Please?"

She thought about it for a few seconds, and then relented. With a smile, she said, "Okay, but you're going to have to take control."

Jen turned to face back front. I grabbed her hips, and started slamming into her as fast as I could. I tried to make as little noise as possible, but there was still the faint sound of flesh slapping against flesh with each contact between my lower belly and her ass.

She was now gripping my forearms with her hands, and the closer she got to orgasm, the tighter her grip became. Jen's breath came shorter and shorter, till she was finally breathing in a series of repeated gasps. Her hands gripped my forearms so tightly that I thought my arms would break, and her head dropped backwards.

Meanwhile I was still a bit off from an orgasm, but I could feel it approaching. However, I knew I needed to get at least close before she finished – but looking at her back trembling, I could tell she wasn't anywhere close to finishing.

I sped up as much as I could. I pounded my cock in and out of her warm, wet pussy. She was leaking all over my jeans and the seat beneath us. This could be interesting to explain.

Finally, I felt the pressure build up in my balls to the point of no return. I slammed my cock into her pussy as deep as I could go. I would swear I felt the tip of my dick come into contact with her cervix, as I let go and filled the condom with cum.

When I finished, I relaxed, sitting back down on the seat. My cock was still inside of her, but was starting to soften, so she got off quickly before the condom spilled.

She turned around and removed the condom, carefully trying not to spill any cum, and while she managed to not get any on me, she spilled about half of it on the floor.

"Oh, shit," she giggled, putting her hand to her mouth to try to keep from being too loud.

"Don't worry," I whispered. "I'm sure this is far from the first time this has happened on this bus."

Her body shook with laughter as she now had her hand fully covering her mouth. I honestly didn't think it was THAT funny, but shit – it was 4:00 in the morning!

Jen set the condom on the floor and redressed quickly. I put my dick away, zipped up, and said a quick prayer that my jeans would dry before we got to Ponderosa.

Jen picked the condom back up. She leaned in and kissed me quickly, said, "Good night," and walked back out past the curtain. The bathroom door opened and shut. I heard a flush as, I assume, she sent the incriminating evidence into the bus's sewer tank. The bathroom door reopened, and then she ducked back behind the curtain.

"It looks like Trina fell asleep across both our seats," she said. "Mind if I sleep back here?"

"Sounds good to me," I said, on the verge of sleep myself. I tucked a pillow behind my head and leaned back against the window, as Jen put a pillow on my lap and laid her head down. Five minutes later, I was asleep.

At about 7:30, light peeking in through the window woke me up. As I came to grasp where I was – and who was lying in my lap! – I realized that, like every other morning, I had pretty serious morning wood. However, this particular morning, it was uncomfortably wedged under a pillow that had somebody's head on it.

I tried to move the pillow gently to keep from disturbing her, but she woke up anyway. Looking up at me, she had a confused look on her face at first, but then she broke into a sleepy smile. "Hi," she said.

"Good morning," I whispered.

She sat up, and pulled the pillow off my lap. Of course, she looked down as she did so, and saw the bulge under my jeans.

"My, my," she said. "What have we here?" She unzipped my jeans, letting my cock spring out, and leaning down, took it in her mouth again.

This time, she didn't let it go after a minute. She was all over it, gently applying suction with her lips, licking it, and letting it slide all the way to the back of her throat. I leaned back, in heaven.

Suddenly, a head poked its way around the edge of the curtain – Trina! Oh shit!

"Jack," she whispered, "is…"

Then she looked down and saw Jen's head bobbing up and down. She looked back up at me, and a huge mischievous grin split her face. "…Jen back here?" she finished her question.

Jen obviously heard her, because she lifted her left hand and waved, all the while continuing to perform the most exquisite fellatio of all time. Then, being mischievous yet more, Trina pulled out her RAZR, took a picture of Jen's head in my lap, and departed.

Meanwhile, Jen's oral ministrations were having incredible effects. Just like a few hours earlier, I felt the cum building up, ready to explode. However, I was determined to warn her. "Jen," I gasped, "uh, get ready?"

I didn't want to say anything explicit, because I never knew who might be listening. She got the meaning, though, and just gave a thumbs up.

It was like that Dane Cook standup where the girl just said, "Uh-huh," as he gasped that he was about to cum, except EVEN BETTER. Dane Cook doesn't have shit on me.

So, finally, it was just too much to take. My cock started spurting, shooting semen into her mouth. It wasn't a very big load, because I'd just dumped a huge one into the condom a few hours earlier. Either way, though, she swallowed it all. She sat up, licked her lips, smiled, and said, "Well, I better get out of here. I'll see you later!"

And like that, she was gone.

So, there we had it. I had had hot band geek sex this weekend. Sure, it wasn't with the person I had expected, but I'll be damned if it wasn't fantastic!