 This is the second tale from The Cougar Ridge Subdivision and is a continuation of Moving In. I would encourage you to read the stories in order.

Part 2: Returning the Moving Truck (or The Accommodating Neighbor)

Monday morning broke clear and mild over the little Cougar Ridge Subdivision. It was a typical early June morning on the east-facing slopes of the majestic Rocky Mountains. 

Mark Hill woke first. It took a few seconds for his mind to recall where he was. The last few days, since pulling out of eastern Nebraska were almost a blur. This morning he was to meet Greta Johnson at 7:30. They were going to travel in separate vehicles to Denver where he was returning the moving truck. She would pick him up on her way to an optometrist appointment and, then, give him a ride home. This left Mark's wife, Kathy, free to unpack and put away their belongings. Greta and her sister, Grace, along with Mel Morris, had been most generous the day before in assisting the Hills in unloading their U-Haul truck. Mel had given the new arrivals an evening meal and a place to spend the night.

Mark was greatly refreshed. He had slept soundly and was ready to be about his day. He very carefully got out of bed and made his way to the bathroom to shower and shave. He was almost dressed when Kathy stirred. "Good morning. It's a little after seven so I'm going to go get the truck ready for the trip to Denver," he quietly told her as he buttoned his jeans and fastened his belt.

"Okay," Kathy yawned. "I'll get up and get going in a few minutes."

Mark bent down and kissed her on the forehead. "You should sleep in as long as you can. We're here. The stuff is unloaded and there is no hurry to get things put away," he said as he bent down and kissed her again, this time lightly on the lips.

"Oh, I know, but I hate living in a disaster zone. I'll get busy in a little while. You drive carefully. When do you suppose you'll be back?"

"Let's see, it's almost two hours to Denver. Greta's appointment is at 10:30 and I suppose we'll get some lunch. I would think we'd be back sometime in the mid afternoon," he speculated.

She held both arms up, "alright, well, give me one more kiss and I'll look for you this afternoon." This kiss lingered for a few moments before he quietly left. He saw no sign of Mel as he walked through the house and out into the fresh sunshine.

Mark checked the cab and the box of the truck to be certain they hadn't left any of their things inside. He checked the oil level before backing the truck up to the tow dolly upon which they had brought his Jeep to Colorado. He was just attaching the dolly to the hitch when he heard a cheery "Good morning, new neighbor! How was your first night in Colorado?"

Mark looked up at Greta and returned her smile. He noticed she had prominent dimples when she smiled. "Good morning! It was a very good night. I slept like a log." Greta was a good sized woman but very attractive with blonde hair that hung just below the tops of her shoulders.

"I'm glad to hear it. You should be well rested for our little adventure today." She noticed Mark's eyes pass over her from head to foot before returning to the hitch. She wondered what sort of impression she made in her loose-fitting dark blue v-necked t-shirt and her light blue shorts.

"I'm looking forward to having the move finished! Thank you, again, for helping out yesterday and for giving me a ride today. I really appreciate it," he said looking back into her eyes.

"You're very welcome. Yesterday was a good bit of work but I enjoyed it and I'm really looking forward to today. Besides," she said with that happy smile, "I'm sure you'll return the favor someday."

The two took a few moments to program the other's cell phone number into their phones so they could establish contact should they become separated. Greta confirmed the address of the place to which they had to return the truck and gave Mark directions as to the most efficient route to get there.

"I think we're ready as soon as I get my purse and hop in my car," she cheerfully said as she walked diagonally across the street and away from him. His eyes followed her swaying hips and took in the sight of her legs. She turned suddenly, caught him looking, and said, "I'll follow you, ok?"

He knew she caught him checking her out and felt some warmth rise in his cheeks. "Perfect!" He turned and climbed into the truck. She smiled to herself, pleased to have caught him looking. Greta knew that she was not shaped like a lithe model. She was always somewhat self-conscious about her size. The fact that she was well into middle age increased her concern. A few minutes later she pulled her charcoal colored Jeep Grand Cherokee in behind him and lightly blipped her horn.

It was mostly downhill and, with the truck empty, Mark made good time. A scant two hours after leaving the subdivision the truck had been returned and the paperwork completed. Greta waited in her car for Mark to finish his business. When he opened the passenger door Greta realized she'd left her purse on his seat. She reached awkwardly over the console to get it, "sorry, I should have taken care of this while you were inside." While she was leaning over Mark had a nice view down her shirt at her impressive cleavage.

"No problem," he replied. 

She looked up and smiled, "there you go". And she thought to herself, "caught you looking again." He got in and buckled his seat belt. "Would you like some breakfast or coffee? We have at least an hour before my appointment."

He thought a moment. "How about we have a quick cup of coffee and a donut now, then, after your appointment, we can have lunch on our way out of town?"

"Great idea. I do have one other quick stop to make on our way out. I won't tell you about it now so it'll be a surprise. I think you'll be glad we stopped there."

Mark searched her smiling face for a clue as to this mystery stop but she only smiled. "Ok. Whatever you'd like to do is fine with me. I just really appreciate you giving me a ride."

"Well, I'm going to enjoy having company on the drive home," she said with a smile. "There is a little café next to my optometrist where we can get our coffee if that works for ya."

"You're driving. I'm just along for the ride," Mark quipped. 

It only took five minutes or so to get to their destination. Greta pointed out landmarks as they travelled. Mark was interested in learning the city as he planned to live the rest of his life in the area. He paid close attention to the information Greta gave him. But he also paid close attention to Greta in another way. As she drove, her shorts had ridden up her legs. Mark was getting a good look at her legs now and, he thought, a glimpse of a camel toe at the juncture of those legs. Greta had put on sunglasses that kept Mark from knowing exactly where she was looking. He wished that he'd remembered his own sunglasses. Greta knew full well what she was showing Mark. In fact, it was rather uncomfortable to have her shorts riding up and pressing so tightly against her but, based on the attention she was getting from him, it was very worth it!

They arrived at the café and took a booth along the back wall since the booths next to the windows were already full. They each turned their coffee cups upright as the waitress seated them. Mark ordered a Danish while Greta ordered a custard filled long john. Greta put her elbows on the table, folded her hands, and rested her generous breasts on her forearms as she leaned toward him and said, "I'm so glad to have company. It's much better than travelling alone." Mark smiled as he raised his gaze to her eyes. "And I'm glad we are having a chance to get to know each other a little bit, too, "she added.

"I'm very fortunate to have such a..." Mark paused to choose his word, "...such an accommodating neighbor."

Just then the waitress put a medium sized plate in front of each Greta and Mark. The waitress's eyes flashed over the table, "I'm terribly sorry. Let me get you some silverware."

Mark started to thank the waitress but Greta said, "I won't need any silverware. I prefer to HANDLE my long johns," she paused for emphasis, "even if they can be messy at times." Mark and Greta smiled as their eyes locked, the blatant innuendo not lost on him.

"Miss, please bring me an extra napkin," Mark said, still looking at Greta. "I tend to make a mess of my face as I'm eating the filling from one of these."

Greta picked up her long john and said, "My! This one is so long and smooth." She took a bite, closed her eyes, and savored the taste. She opened her eyes and met Mark's gaze, "I do SO love eating a ...good.... long....john."

Mark put his fork down and took his pastry in his fingers. A drop of the glaze threatened to drop from it. He extended his tongue and slowly but firmly licked it off while looking deeply into Greta's eyes. "And I, neighbor, just love licking a succulent pastry."

"You know, Mark, I think we are going to have a long and wonderful neighborly relationship," she said as she rubbed his calf with the top of her foot beneath the table.

"I think it will be very easy to be neighborly with someone as pretty as you."

"Mmmm! I like that! Now, I had better hurry and get to my appointment, "she said as she opened her purse.

He reached across the table and softly grabbed her wrist. "My treat, neighbor."

They walked into the optometrist's office right on time for her appointment. Greta gave the receptionist the needed information and they moved to the waiting area. They each had no more than grabbed a magazine when the receptionist said, "the doctor will see you now. Mr. Johnson, you can wait here or you can go with her for the examination."

Mark was caught off guard. Greta processed the situation first. "This is Mr. Hill. He's my neighbor, not my husband," Greta said with a laugh.

"Oh! Please forgive me, both of you," the receptionist said with embarrassment.

"Think nothing of it. It is an easy assumption to make," Greta said as she went into the doctor's office.

Less than an hour later they were buckled into the Grand Cherokee and ready to go again. "How'd it go?" Mark asked.

"It went very well. My prescription has changed a little so they're making me new lenses and contacts but he said my eyes are very healthy."

"Excellent! That's what we like to hear," Mark replied.

"Mmmhhmm, all the better to see you with," Greta chuckled.

"So, I'm definitely not ready for lunch yet. You said you had another stop to make. Shall we do that now?" Mark asked.

"Sure, let's do. But I'm gonna warn ya -- brace yourself!"

Mark was puzzled. "Brace myself? For what?"

"I'm not tellin'," she grinned broadly.

"You're just full of surprises, aren't you? You weren't kidding this morning when you called this an adventure!"

She reached over with her right hand and squeezed his thigh, "Neighbor, you don't know the half of it!"

About ten minutes later they parallel parked in front of a large modern brick building with a painted sign on the front that said, "COUPLES COTTAGE: WHERE COUPLES COME TO PLAY." Then, below in prominent letters, "Please, no minors allowed."

Mark looked over at Greta with a surprised look on his face. "Is this what I think it is?" he asked.

"Depends on whatchya think it is!" she replied with a mischievous grin. "C'mon. Don't knock it until you've seen it," she said as she swung her legs out of the car.

They walked inside and Mark was very surprised. No, he was shocked! He had expected a seedy adult bookstore sort of atmosphere and this was not like that at all. It was brightly lit with tastefully painted walls and what appeared to be new carpet on the floors. The merchandise was well organized with signage in different areas that indicated the sort of products to be seen there. There were categories like, Lingerie, Jewelry, Toys and Aids, Books and Magazines, Audio and Video, Restraints, and several others. Even at this hour there were numerous customers and Mark noted that there were almost equal numbers of men and women shoppers. A good share of them were shopping as couples.

"Wow," Mark looked at Greta and said. "You were so right and I was so wrong. This is nothing like I expected. This is a nice store!"

"Thank you. I'm glad you agree because I think so too." She took his hand, "come on, there are a few things I want to get while I'm here." Though he wanted to know, he didn't ask what those things might be. She led him to the "Toys and Aids" section where there was every imaginable sort and size of toy. Greta seemed to know exactly where she was going as she went straight to the display of lubricants. She picked up a few and read the packaging before settling on two choices. "Anything you need in this section?" she asked. 

He shook his head and followed her to the "Audio and Video" area. Here, the merchandise was sorted by subject matter. "I like to spice up my collection with a new title or two periodically," she said. "Can I ask you to do me a favor?"

Mark paused a moment to consider before answering, "Sure. What would you like me to do?"

"I want you to pick out a title that YOU like and, at the same time, that you think I might like. Okay?"

"Well, sure, but I don't really know what you like. I mean, I know what I like -- that part is easy, but I don't know what YOU like," Mark tried to explain.

Greta took his hand and squeezed it with a serious look on her face. She looked into his eyes. "Mark, I'll tell you what. Let me give you a clue." She smiled just a tiny bit. "Your clue is this: I like YOU! You are what I like. Now, pick one out for me, ok?"

Mark sighed. He liked her answer but her answer really didn't give him all the guidance he wanted in this matter. He started slowly walking among the shelves that displayed hundreds and hundreds of titles. He kept repeating in his mind, "she likes ME... she likes ME." Finally his mind started to deduce some things from the clue she'd given. "She likes ME and I'm a man. Since she's a woman and she likes me that must mean that she likes hetero couples. Now I'm getting somewhere!" He went to the aisles that had couples. His mind started to work again and he thought, "she likes me and I'm not young and I don't look live a movie star and we wouldn't be interracial." He narrowed down his choices even more. "Ideally, I like a porno to have a little bit of a story -- something more than just one sex scene running into another." Although, he had to admit that those weren't bad either. Mark finally settled on a dvd that was described as being a couples movie about mature men and women in various relationships. The sex scenes were depicted as hot but of a fairly vanilla variety. Mark found Greta and handed her the dvd. "Will this one do?"

She looked it over carefully and smiled. "It will do nicely. I'm excited to watch it. Good choice."

They checked out with the cashier and returned to Greta's vehicle where they discussed what sort of place they would like to stop for lunch. Neither one was very hungry, so they decided to just stop at a Wendy's along the way. That would allow them to more quickly get started on their way home.

As they left the restaurant and were walking to her Jeep she asked, "Would you mind driving."

"No, that would be fine," he replied as she hit the remote "unlock" and handed him her keys. He opened the passenger door for her and held it as she sat in the seat, lifted her knees, and rotated herself into position. Mark caught a glimpse of light blue panties up the loose legs of her shorts.

"You're such a gentleman," she smiled as he softly closed the door. 

Soon the traffic thinned as they left the city behind and began to climb into the mountains. Shortly after that, they exited the Interstate and began driving on the secondary highway that would take them south to their homes. Mark listened as Greta spoke of malls and restaurants that she favored in Denver. As they got closer to Cougar Ridge there was a lull in the conversation. Greta opened the paper bag from Couples Cottage and withdrew the DVD that Mark had selected. She carefully studied the front, then, turned it over and perused the back. Mark wanted to say something but wasn't sure how to start a conversation about an adult DVD with a divorceed lady that he had known for less than 24 hours. Thankfully, she opened the conversation, "yes, Mark, I think you made a good choice. This one has already piqued my interest."

"Thank you. I'm glad you like it. It was hard to make a decision for someone else that you hardly know."

She thought a moment. "I suppose it really wasn't fair of me to do that to you. I didn't want you to feel pressure. More than anything I just wanted to see where your interests are in terms of sexual things."

Mark replied, "but you told me to pick something I thought YOU would like."

"Oh, I know. But I knew that you wouldn't pick something for me that wasn't appealing to you too."

It was Mark's turn to think. "I guess that makes sense and, besides, you did give me the clue that you like me," he smiled.

She laughed softly. "Yes I did and I do like you, Mark."

He could feel the warmth in his face as he blushed. "Ahhh, you're especially cute when you're embarrassed!" She chuckled again. "Ok, so tell me why you picked this one and not a dvd full of young studs and bimbos in their 20's."

"That should be obvious," he answered, "because you said that you like me, and I'm just an average middle aged sort of guy. So, I thought that a movie with middle aged characters would appeal to you."

"You are partly right. Yes, I like you but I happen to think that you're pretty studly. I was noticing how strong you are when we were unloading the truck yesterday. You've got a handsome face, great eyes, and I love you're smile. Besides, I couldn't help noticing what a cute butt you have," she smiled broadly.

"Careful! You might be shocked at where flattery will take you," he grinned back at her.

"It's pretty hard to shock me. Now, I might be exaggerating a tiny bit but I do find you very attractive and, you're right, I do prefer real-life-sort-of-men to the glamorous model types." She looked at the dvd case again and then out the side window before taking the conversation down another path. "Kathy is a very lucky lady to have you. I don't suppose she shares?"

Mark glanced over to be sure that Greta was being serious. "Let me tell you our story. I'll give you the condensed version. From the time we got married until our kids were raised and on their own, Kathy and I never even considered doing anything of a sexual nature outside of our marriage. Once we were on our own, though, we realized that we should broaden our horizons. I won't go into detail but we got online and discovered that there are many people like us that are curious and want to know more about what options are out there. After a few years of reading and corresponding we had a meeting with another couple that ended with all four of us in one motel room. We did not swap partners but each couple made love in front of the other couple. It took us a while to be sure that we were ok with what we'd done. About a year later we met with another couple and, similar scenario, ended up with all of us in one room for a night and most of the next day. We did swap partners on that occasion."

"Wow! I would not have guessed that you and Kathy had done some swinging," Greta said with surprise. "Is there more to tell?"

"We are committed to each other and don't want to jeopardize our relationship so we have gone slowly and talked about each step. A few months ago we had a new neighbor move into a house adjacent to our old place. He and Kathy were attracted to one another. Kathy and I discussed it and I gave my blessing for her and the neighbor to `get together`. They actually had two sex sessions before we moved."
