 "So let me get this straight, Nick," my wife, Heather began after a long fifteen seconds of silence. "You'd like Christian and I to attend you and Marie's wedding to another couple at that nudie resort in Jamaica ya'll like to go to?"

Nick and Marie, sitting across the antique coffee table on the other couch in our small living room, nodded. Marie answered, "Yes, our commitment ceremony to Harold and Laura at Hedo."

"That couple we met at your beer tasting party a few months ago?" I asked, equally skeptical.

"Yes, that's them," Nick replied. "We've been dating almost two years now and want to come out as a committed Polly quad before they move in with us permanently."

I looked at my wife of 17 years and back to Nick and Marie. Exasperated I said, "Are you guys fucking with us? Is there a camera somewhere?"

We'd known Nick and Marie for almost ten years since we first moved into the neighborhood and had become friends almost at once. I'd stop by for a beer once or twice a week, and Nick and I would talk sports or politics. Heather and Marie would go out a few times a month to shop or get their nails done. Marie would drag Heather to a bar when a local metal band Marie liked was playing. 

"No, Christian, this is for real," Marie continued. "I'm sure it sounds crazy. Hell, it is crazy! But it's our life and you're our friends and we would love it if you and Heather would consider coming and being part of our special day."

Heather took Marie's hand across the coffee table. "Marie, sweetie. I know I said after the first time you guys went there how happy you looked, and I giggled with you when you told me about how liberating it was being naked in front of strangers." 

She paused and then continued, "But I'm sure you remember how after your second trip I told you that there was no way I could do those kinds of things. Or would be okay with Christian doing those kinds of things. I know you are, and that's... fine, but Christian and I just aren't like that."

Marie took in a breath and answered back, "We understand. And I hope you aren't offended that we asked. We aren't looking to swing with you or tempt you into the lifestyle. We're just your friends, and thought you might have a good time at the resort enjoying the sun and the food and the booze and each other." 

Heather looked at Marie skeptically and then Marie continued, "The kids are what, 15 and 13 now? When was the last time you had a vacation where you could just be a little wild together without worry?"

"Thank you both for thinking of us, really. And we'll look forward to hanging out with the four of you when you get back. But I don't think that place is for us," I replied.

***

"Careful, Chris, you're going to wake the kids!"

I had one of Heather's long dark legs pinned back almost behind her ear as I fucked her in the bed, my pale white seven inch rod buried into her dark brown pussy, my red pubic hair contrasting against her kinky black hair. Her B sized breasts were still wobbling even as I slowed down. I'd been making the bed squeak and hadn't even realized it.

Heather is black and Italian. At 5'3" and 150 she is round and gorgeous. She stared at me with her beautiful green-gold eyes in a face that at 42 didn't show a single sign of her age. I knew my own 44 year old face had developed more than a few 'worry lines'.

"Well don't stop either!" She exclaimed and reached down to continue rubbing her hard clit.

I carefully picked up the pace again, my 6'1" 185 pound Scottish/German frame hovering above her, then bent over to kiss her deeply even as my hips continued their steady movement. The bed continued its squeak with each thrust. 

I gave up, pulling out of Heather's pussy and began to stroke myself as she continued to work her clit, the bed now silent. After a quick minute, she began to cum, holding in her screams as she did, and a moment later I did the same, shooting my thick seed onto her belly and pubes before lying down on the bed next to her.

We lay there breathing hard for a minute or two, wondering if we would hear the knock on the door from one of the kids asking if we were all right, when my wife shocked the hell out of me.

"Maybe getting away for a week would be fun."

"Heather?"

She looked over at me, "I mean, just the suggestion of that place and we're all-ready going at it like 20 year olds again."

I had to admit, something had gotten into us that night. Heather then got up on one elbow to look at me. Her hand rested gently on my cock through the bedsheets.

"Certainly not to swing. But I could see myself laying naked on a beach with my beautiful ginger husband next to me, massaging me with coconut oil..."

Unbelievably, I could feel my member begin to stiffen again. "Right, yeah, of course not to swing. But Nick told me there are all kinds of places where a couple can go have sex together by themselves outside. I've always wondered what that would be like." 

I reached up to put a hand in Heather's hair and pulled her close to kiss her. Our tongues slid past each other as she pulled the sheet away from me and began to stroke my cock.

"I can't believe you're hard again," she sighed as we kissed. She climbed on top of me and put my cock back into her pussy, which clenched at me. 

"I can't believe how wet you are."

Heather put her dark hands on my pale chest, slowly grinding her hips while she worked the muscles of her pussy around my cock. Her mouth opened and head tilted back as she sighed in pleasure.

Then she stopped and looked directly at me, "I mean, not everyone who goes there ends up like Nick and Marie."

"Of course not," I replied with a laugh as I reached up to grab Heather's breasts and pinch at her nipples. 

She began grinding her hips into me, managing to keep the bed from squeaking even as her soaking wet pussy drenched my balls in her juices.

"And the theme nights sounded fun. I could be your little round cheerleader," she said as she reached down to touch herself again. "Would you like that you naughty boy?" 

The bed suddenly made a loud squeak and we froze, silently praying we hadn't woke the kids.

After a long few heartbeats, Heather continued her grind into me.

"Marie told me about this little hidden grotto behind a waterfall. She took Nick there the first time they went."

"Umhuh," I replied. I couldn't believe it, but I was going to cum again.

"You know what she did to Nick back there? Did in the middle of the day with a dozen other people just on the other side of the water?"

I shook my head. Heather slid down away from me and then off the bed, her head ending right next to my slick cock. 

She took it into her mouth, her hand grabbing the base even as her tongue worked around my head. It took her a moment to get used to it, and then she looked up at me for just a moment with those green-gold eyes as she stroked the base of me. My hands went to her hair as I felt my balls tighten.

She then took me into her throat, a sensation I hadn't felt in years. I had forgotten how good she could suck my cock. 

In the lowest whisper I could I said, "God, oh, fuck Heather, you're going to make me cum."

And with that she moved quickly back on top of me and guided my cock back into her pussy. This time, when it clenched down on me and pulled up, I came.

My seed filled her pussy even as I cried out in pleasure.

"Yes, Chris! Aghhh!" Heather cried out as her own orgasm began around my cock and she collapsed on top of me, shuddering as the orgasm coursed through her and my cum began to leak out of her cock filled pussy.

Ten minutes later we were still lying in each other's arms as we drifted off to sleep.

We'd made our decision. We booked our room the next day.

Tales of Hedonism is a story series following individual couples as they decide to book their first trip to the infamous resort in Jamaica. They can be read alone, but eventually these couples and stories will intertwine with each other in Tales of Hedonism: New Year's Eve 2017.

You can also discover more about the story of Nick and Marie in my series, The Right Fit.