 We have been in the pub all evening and have got a little drunk, so your wanting to be hugged lots because that’s how you get when you have been drinking for a while. It a nice warm evening so we decide to go for a walk along the river, walking hand in hand stopping once every so often so I can hug you again. We come up to a little grass clearing in the woods just by the side of the river with some picnic benches spread around. I move to one of the benches and have to pull you down next to me, as you still want to walk along by the river.

You start to complain a little, but I turn to you, put my arms around you and gently kiss you on the lips, I pull way and you have stopped complaining now and you put your arms round me and start to hug me back. You move to kiss me but I tease you by moving my head back a little each time, building the anticipation of the kiss. Finally I move back towards you and just before our lips meet I run my tongue over your lips and just letting my lips brush yours, then pull back before finally moving to kiss you fully, softly and gently at first. Before flicking my tongue at your lips so we both open our mouths to play with each others probing tongues. 

All the time I am hugging you tight against my strong chest, feeling your breasts push against me as you start to breath deeper. I move a hand slowly down your back barely touching you and back up your front over your breast and up to hold your face in my hand and I do the same with the other but move it up into your hair so I can play with it as our kiss slowly deepens. You run a hand up over my chest letting it linger for a moment before taking it up into my hair and running your fingers through it. You move your other hand up the back of my neck and dig your nails in a little and run your hand down from the back of my neck then down over my chest. 

I break the kiss at this point, as I love the feelings your nails running over me make and want to experience it as fully as I can. I recover and move your hair so I can kiss your neck, I start under your chin and work my way to one side and back again then I continue round to the back of your neck and pull your jacket just off your shoulders so that I can start to kiss down your back, you are wearing your gypsy top so I have a lovely big area of back exposed to my lips, I move behind you and get you to sit on me as I slowly kiss down your back knowing that you are loving it.

My hands start to run over your front, caressing your full breasts over your top. You put your hands on mine and move them so they are under your top, I move them up on to your bra and grope you some more. Before unclasping your bra so I can get at those supple nubile breasts of yours.

Your start running your hands over the sides of my thighs as I start to tease your exposed breasts running my hands lightly over them and pulling on your hard nips till you start to moan as you start to really enjoy the feeling, I get you to turn round so that we can kiss again you put your hands on top my cheats and start to un button my shirt so your hands can run over my naked skin. We kiss as we both stroke each other’s hot skin. 

You start to run kisses over my exposed chest and every so often bite it, till I pull up your head so I can kiss you again and then start to kiss down your face on to your neck and then on to your chest. I pull your top up to reveal your breasts to the cool night air causing your nips to become even harder than before. I kiss down over your chest and on to your breasts, licking round your nipple and then blowing gently on to it, flicking my tongue over your nips sucking at them and then gently biting at them while I’m doing this you are driving me crazy by running your nails over my back.

You can feel my pulsating hardness against your leg and know that you are in for a good night tonight. I move a hand down over your trousers to press against your pubic bone, causing you to groan out in pleasure. I then suck one of your breasts deep in to my mouth running my tongue over it, before sliding my hands under your trousers and in to your panties to rub your wet slit. You really enjoy this so I rub harder and then side a finger slowly in and out of you as your moaning increases, I’m still sucking your breast in to my mouth then move to kiss you deeply and passionately. 

Before lifting you on to the table part of the bench and climbing on top of you. We kiss deeply for a few minutes, as we grind our crotches together, I pull you up in to my kiss by squeezing your butt. Once again I start to kiss down your body paying only quick attention to your breasts as I work my way down over you, you groan with eagerness as you realise what I'm about to do next. I kiss down over your stomach and slowly undo your trousers before pulling them down and then pulling your panties down over your tights with my teeth, I have put your jacket under you so you don’t get to cold. I kiss and lick at your thighs as I press my hand on your stomach and pubic bone, making you call out for me. 

I slowly work my way towards your sweet hot slit, I lick up it slowly just touching your clit at the top of my stroke, before licking down again. 

My other hand is up playing with your breasts. I lick you like this, as I taste your sweet juices flowing. Then I push my tongue in to your pussy over and over making your even wetter and moan louder, I slow down a little to tease you before flicking my tongue over your erect clit again and again sucking it in to my mouth and gnashing my teeth gently against it taking you to the brink before slowing and then speeding up again taking you to the brink and slowing.

By this stage you are moaning for me so much!

You start talking to me telling me what you want me to do to you 'come on big boy fuck me, fuck me hard'. I stand up and let you sit up so we kiss and you free me from my jeans running your hand over my rock hard cock before I push you back down on to the table.

I rub my dick against the length of your wet slit before sliding it in just a little and pulling it out again, then I trust my full length into you and you have to arch up to accommodate me in your tight pussy, I’m pulling almost all the way out of you before trusting deeply back into to you, your moans grow louder and louder as I fuck you deep and hard. You dig your nails into my chest and run them all over me.

I’m really fucking you hard and fast now and your start screaming at me, 'Mmmm ohhh yeah that’s it fuck me hard babe, that’s it, like that make me COME!!!! Ohhh yessss that’s it babe, FUCK ME HARDER!! MMMMMMMMMMMMM' your body explodes as you reach your earth shaking orgasm. As you start to come you drag your nails down off my chest and down over my stomach waves on if tense feelings rush over me and I loose control and orgasm, and we both collapse in a hot spent pile. As we start to recover a little we see a light come on in a near by house and have to make a run for it before some one comes out to investigate the noise. We head home for even more fun...