  (A Dylan James Adventure)

This is another in the continuing story of Dylan James, Hollywood stuntman and stud. Dylan's adventures started out with the "One For the Road" series. Please check all his adventures out -- but they are all stand alone stories. Thanks for the interest and support. And please remember to vote. All emails are welcome. 

Chapter 2 -- Jody

The night was warm and sultry as he sat of the outside deck of the little college bar. He was casually sipping a beer and watching as the traffic cruised by on the little neighborhood street. The sweat from the cold bottle felt cool as it ran past his wrist and onto his forearm. 

It was Sunday night and all weekend he had helped his Mother move from the old family home into a new senior housing development. He had arrived on the red-eye Saturday morning from Atlanta, got into his rental car, and slowly drove thru his home town. It had changed a lot. New houses, new developments, new stores, but it was still the same friendly, sleepy little town that he had spent his high school and college years in. 

He put down his beer and picked up a pack of cigarettes. He tore open the pack and pulled one out. After lighting it, he took a long drag. He didn't smoke very often, and the result was that the tobacco and chemicals in the smoke gave him a slight buzz. He exhaled and watched the smoke disappear into the night sky. 

He was catching another plane early in the morning to fly back to LA. He had taken his Mother out to dinner at one of the fancy little places that had sprung up around the downtown square. He had then driven her to her new apartment and they said good-bye. He planned on stopping by in the next six months for a longer visit. Before he headed to his hotel room, he swung by the old house and looked it over once more. He could buy it, but it was just a house not his history. Sure he had lived there and even got laid there a few times, but it was just a house. He rejected the flood of memories and drove on to the motel and checked in. He took a shower, tried to watch some TV, but he was still on West Coast time and very antsy. He got dressed, but didn't put bother to put any underwear on. He got in the car and drove over to the college bar area of town for a drink and some scenery. 

It was break time between classes so the area was pretty dead. When college was in session this area was awash on the weekend with college kids walking from bar to bar. Girls and guys everywhere, it was a fun place to go to school. But tonight as he sat on the deck just relaxing and reflecting on the weekend, he was one of seven males in the entire place, including the bartender. 

The weekend put a period on a very strange time in Dylan's life. His first serious relationship in several years had broken up about 2 months ago. The stunt work that he had trained for and provided such a good living for him was becoming boring, and that was dangerous in his line of work. When it was boring, you didn't always pay attention to the details and that is when someone could get seriously hurt. Other changes like his mom moving out of the old house after 25 years were happening all around him. It had made him feel out of sorts and like he was not in control of anything. With Brandi's leaving him, he had lost confidence, and with that went Dylan's primary fun activity. Fucking!

He had lost his game and he knew it. He just wasn't interested enough to pursue. He could not seem to pick up a girl or even have decent conversation. This had been going on for weeks, and then suddenly on Friday night just before leaving for his trip, a sexy young girl by the name of Emily had picked him up. She had chatted him up at one of his favorite watering holes. They had gone outside to a semi-private patio where they had gotten stoned. Then she kissed him, wanting to go back to her place for a good fuck. That is when the "old" Dylan had suddenly arrived back on the scene. All at once, he wasn't shy and fumbling and unable to talk to girls. He was instantly in command and his powerful charisma and sexuality took over. Even though the patio was a public place, he seduced Emily into taking off her clothes and fucking him right there, always with the danger of getting caught present. While the massive and talented cock that he had been born with had not been in a new pussy in two months, it still managed to fuck Emily into a slobbering mass of climaxing nerves. He had fucked her three times in all kinds of positions. He didn't know how many times she had cum, but when he did, it was in her mouth as he exploded. He shot so much cum into her mouth and throat that it had overflowed from her lips and fallen like rain on her big naked tits. The entire time they were fucking on the patio, Emily's two roommates had been watching, and they had gotten in on the action as well. They had felt each other up while he had banged deep into Emily's fiery hole. When the whole event was done and everyone cleaned up, the roommates had made a date with him for Tuesday night to come over and fuck all three of them! 

He was excited and elated about that turn of events, but it also added to the jumble of thoughts and confusion running around his brain. What to do and how to get out of this career rut? What about Brandi? She was only about 250 miles away right now, why not fly there and try to win her back? Random thoughts swirled through his head, and he closed his eyes to trying to shut them out. 

He took another long drag, filling his lungs with the sweet harsh smoke. As he blew the white smoke out into the night air, he saw her. She walked up the stairs to the front door of the bar. He had a clear view of the door from the deck and she was certainly the most interesting thing he had seen tonight. 

She was no more than 21 or 22. She had her dark hair cut short, not like a boy but still cut to her ear. She was golden brown. Every part of her skin that showed, and there is a lot of that, was a golden tan color. She spent a lot of time in the sun, or at a tanning salon. She was wearing a skimpy top that clung to her perky tits like a second skin. Her short jean skirt hung low on her hips, and a jewel in her pierced navel winked at him from her taut, tan stomach. She had a gently curving waist, nicely sized hips, and a pair of magnificent legs. As she opened the door to go inside the bar, her back turned towards him and from the way the skirt hugged her ass, her ass was pretty good too. She was hot looking, and knew it. She accepted it with a kind of casual nonchalance, and used it to get any man she wanted. She had probably never met the man/boy who had ever bested her in the mating game of sexes. 

Dylan took a sip of his beer and pondered the young woman. She hadn't acted like she was coming to visit someone in the bar. She seemed like a young girl out on the town to see what trouble was about. A gulp of his beer and it was done. He stubbed out his cigarette and thought about going on back to the motel. Two weeks earlier, he would have and never even tried to make a pass. That is how far down he had sunk, but since Friday night and Emily, he noticed his confidence was starting to come back. He tried to decide what to do. Then he thought to himself, "WFT, who cares what I do? These people don't know me." So with that, he stood up and walked inside. 

He walked up to the bar about three seats down from the girl. She was chatting with one of the men in the bar. Really they all seemed to be college boys. The bartender came over and he ordered another one. At the sound of his voice, she looked up passed her friend and checked him out. She then noticed that he had seen her, so she smiled at him briefly and went back to talking to the guy. 

As he waited for his beer, his eyes kept wandering down her incredible hot little body. Her eyes were wandering over him too. Dylan saw her looking him over again and then her eyes moved down toward his crotch. Dylan smiled to himself. This looked pretty easy. When the bartender brought him his beer, he ordered one for her as well. He waited for the bartender to deliver it to her, and watched her reaction when the bartender told who it was from. She looked passed her friend again and smiled at him. The boy she was talking to turned to look at Dylan. He frowned, but he was not going to do anything. Dylan was twice his size. He toasted her and moved back out to the deck. He sat down and lit a cigarette. He figured he would wait at most five minutes.

After three and half minutes, the door to the deck opened and out she came. She saw him over in the far corner and sauntered over toward him. He watched her come out of the corner of his eye. He started to get hard. This was going to be easy. 

"Hey, I wanted to thank you for the beer. My name is Jody."

"Hi, Jody. My name is Dylan; it is nice to meet you. And you're welcome. It was my pleasure." 

"Could I bum a cigarette from you?"

"Sure," Dylan said as he handed her the pack. She took one and he lit it for her.

"You are not from around here are you?"

And the dance stated. He invited her to sit down with him and she did. He answered basic questions of who, what, when and why. She seemed enthralled with him, and Dylan was already picturing his thick cock sliding in and out of what he thought would be a shaved and very tight cunt. They talked for about ten minutes and all of a sudden, a pickup truck filled with young guys pulled up out front. Loud rap music blared from the speakers. It was so loud that they could not hear each other, so she moved around next to him and leaned in very close. 

Her scent and closeness got to Dylan and his cock began to grow down his thigh. He became aware of her breasts pressing against his arms. She was really selling it very hard, but she must have been excited as well. The outline of her aureoles appeared against her skimpy top. The two of them sat there talking in each other's ear and the tension built. His cock swelled, slowly thickening and moving down the leg of his pant. Her nipples became erect, until they were rock hard and straining at her top. 

As if a switch had been flipped, Dylan noticed that the music was gone and it was extremely quiet on the deck. He looked up at her face. Her eyes were open wide as she stared down at his crotch and her lips were parted slightly. His hardened cock had tented the front of his pants, and they were pushed out several inches from his body. Jody had never seen anything like this before. He looked gigantic, and he was so bold and confidence. He assumed that she was going to fuck him. Surprisingly, she didn't mind. As she looked down at his crotch, her head swooned. She was breathing heavy, and neither of them spoke for several minutes.

Finally, he broke the silence. "Would you like to see it?" he asked.

"What?" 

"My cock. You've been staring at my crotch since you sat down." 

Jody blushed. "I don't think I should," she panted. 

Not one to lose the upper hand, Dylan leaned over and whispered in her ear, "What color are your panties?"

Jody felt herself blush, but she decided to play along. "Yellow and black." Emboldened by the atmosphere, she said, "Wanna see?" as she tugged up her skirt a little so that the bottom of her thong peaked out from under.

Dylan felt his dick getting even harder. "No, I want you to take them off."

Jody gulped. She hadn't expected this stranger to be so forward, but her pussy was already hungered for him. "Ok, I'll go to the bathroom."

"No, take them off here," Dylan said firmly.

Jody looked around nervously. They were the only ones on the deck. The guys inside couldn't see anything out here. She gulped and decided to go for it. She hiked up her skirt a little higher, grabbed the thin waistband, and slowly let them drop around her ankles. Jody pulled her skirt down again, and looked at Dylan, "Like that?"

Dylan was beside himself, but he wanted to see how far he could push the situation. He reached over and started to lightly stroke Jody's thigh, pushing her skirt higher. He could see her bald pussy glistening under the dim light of the outdoor bug lights. 

"Are you wet?" he asked even though he knew the answer.

"Maybe you need to check for me," she said as she spread her legs more, which hiked her skirt up higher. 

"Pull your skirt up more," directed Dylan, and Jody complied. She felt the rough grain of the wooden bar seat against her ass, and got nervous wondering if anyone inside was noticing their antics. Her bald pussy was on display for anyone that happened to glance their way. She got a rush when she thought about people watching, and she could feel her pussy juices starting to seep out of her excited vagina. 

Dylan took a drink from his beer, and placed the bottle on the table. Then he put his hand in Jody's lap. The coldness of his fingers had Jody shiver as he moved his hand up her golden thigh. His finger made its way between her pussy lips. She was wet, very wet.

Jody let out a small moan when Dylan's finger contacted her pussy. She slumped into her seat slightly and spread her legs more giving him more access to her wet cunt. He ran his finger from her clit down between her wet, cunt lips, and all the down to tease her asshole. Jody moaned in appreciation as his fingers roamed and stroked her groin. Her hands moved to her straining tits and she began to gently massage her nipples through her top. Dylan whispered in her ear, "How does that feel?" Her cunt was leaking juice all over the seat, and her clit was tingling and rock hard as his fingers slowly built her pleasure. Jody felt her body start to tremble as he built her fire higher and higher. "Please don't stop," she mouthed. Dylan worked her clit using the juice from her cunt to flick and rub the slick nub. A ball of energy was building in her guts and it was getting tighter and tighter with each moment as Dylan played with her pussy. As if by magic, he suddenly had two fingers stuffed up her juicy channel rubbing her G-spot and his thumb on her throbbing clit. The tension was too much for the overwhelmed girl, she pulled her top up exposing her lovely tits and began to pinch her hard nipples. Jody couldn't take it any longer. The thought of Dylan ordering her to remove her panties and then the magic that his fingers her working in her cunt, getting her off in the middle of the bar. She started to cum and didn't bother trying to keep quiet.

"Yes, Ungh!" She twisted in her seat as juice poured from her dripping hole. Dylan worked her pussy and even slipped a slick finger tip into her asshole. She arched her back and groaned, "UUnnnnnhhhhh!" She came all over the seat, leaving a large wet spot. Finally, she slumped back into the seat, and Dylan removed his hand from her crotch. He brought his fingers to his mouth and licked her juices off. She watched him slightly embarrassed, than she straightened her disheveled clothing. Yanking her top down over her tits, she stood up, and grabbed Dylan's hand and pulled him after her. She took him toward the back of the deck and around a corner of the building. It was a dead corner of the deck. They stored empty beer kegs there so they would be out of the way. No one from the bar or the deck could see them there. This little part of the deck looked out on the back of the property and into some apartment buildings. She pulled him past a couple stacks of kegs. 

"Alright show it to me," Jody demanded. 

"Your wish is my ...," he said standing there. 

He pulled his shirt over his head, and Jody's eyes flickered all over his heavy muscled torso. She pussy snapped as she took in his beautiful physique. He slowly unbuttoned his jeans and pulled the zipper down. She gasped when his cock seemed to leap out of his pants. It was rock hard and hovered before him, pointing at her stomach. She had jumped back in shock, her eyes opening wide and a look of disbelief on her face as she stared at his cock. Nine inches of thick hard muscled cock was pointing right at her. 

"Oh God, its huge." 

"Touch it," Dylan teased. She hesitated. "No harm in just touching," he added. 

Suddenly, she was very nervous. This sexy stranger was not a college boy, hot to trot and easy to tie around her finger. This was a man packing the largest meat she had ever seen. It made her weak in the knees to think what that prick could do to her. Jody tentatively stuck out her index finger and touched the head of his thick cock. She ran her finger down the side of his rod and back up to the tip. Her pussy began to leak like a sieve. Moaning with desire, she brought her other hand up and began to run both hands all over the shaft examining every square inch from the mushroom head to cupping his balls to see how heavy they were. Pre-cum was oozing from the slit from all the stroking at Jody was doing. 

"Kiss it." Dylan ordered. Jody seemed to think about it for a minute and then she dropped to her knees. Holding his throbbing cock in her hands, she began to lick the head of his cock, tasting his pre-cum as it leaked from the slit. Then she began to lick his entire cock starting at the head, all along the underside of the shaft to his balls and back up again. For a youngster, she wasn't bad at all. Dylan held her face between my hands, putting the head of his cock on her lips, and pushed. The head pushed past her teeth and into her mouth. Jody was a natural cock-sucker. She attacked his thick cock with gusto. Again she licked all around the shaft and teased the pee slit with her tongue. Then she swallowed four inches, then five, then six. When she reached seven, she gagged and withdrew her head. She gasped for breath and then with a look of determination, she went down on him again. His cock slid into her throat until her lips came to rest in his pubic hair. She had swallowed it all. Her lips were locked tightly around his cock as she bobbed her head. He leaned down and pulled her top up over her perky breasts. He enjoyed the view of her bouncing boobs as she devoured his cock. He pulled his cock out of her mouth and rubbed it along her cheeks, wiping the pre-cum and spit across her face before pushing the head into her lips again. She sucked it down, bobbing her head up and down the length again. Slurping on it, she was sucking and sliding her tongue around and around the head, then back along the shaft.

Her sucking and licking were beginning to get to him. He started to thrust into her mouth. He jammed the head of his cock against the back of her mouth as he thrust into her forcefully. She grunted and gurgled around his fat prick each time he pushed it into her mouth. His balls were tightening. She was going to get him off. Dylan looked down at his cock as it slid in and out of her talented mouth. He could see that it was glistening, swollen red with blood, and growing bigger. 

Jody could feel his cock began to harden and expand. She hadn't sucked a lot of cocks, but she knew he was rapidly approaching his climax. His breath was coming faster and shallower, and his legs began to tremble. He was going to blow any second. She hungered for the taste of his hot cum.

Suddenly she heard Dylan groan, "I'm cumming." His cock exploded in her mouth. Jody sputtered as the first giant rope of hot thick sperm shot into her throat. His jizz shot out the tip of his cannon, filling her mouth more quickly then she expected. The size of his orgasm apparently caught her off-guard as some cum spilled out the sides of her mouth. She moaned in frustration and clamped her mouth over his squirting prick again. She swallowed quickly and continuously as more and more jism fired into her mouth. She drank his cum and milked every last drop from his erupting cock. Her hand never quit stroking him up and down as she sought every drop of cum. Finally drained, Dylan removed his cock from her mouth. She hadn't wasted a drop of his sperm. Dizzy, he slumped against the railing of the deck. 
