 I didn't forget about the woman who answered the door wearing nothing but a towel and ended up closing it wearing nothing but a smile. I didn't forget about her by a long shot.

That night, as I lay down to go to sleep, visions of her flooded my imagination, and it fueled a fantasy that gave me a raging hard-on.

In it, she invited me in, closed the door and asked if there was something besides money she could do to give me a tip.

As I stammered, looking for words, she said she couldn't really afford to give me a blowjob; that was something she reserved for her husband. 

But he liked sloppy seconds, and I could fuck her.

I imagined her setting the pizza down, turning away from me, grabbing hold of the foyer banister, spreading her legs, and thrusting her ass and a path to pink pleasure at me.

I woke up, hand around my cock, cumming hard.

One of the drawbacks to my job, along with classes, was that I had precious little time for a social life. Thus, no girlfriend. My social circle was at the pizza shop.

My store manager, Chloe, was an animal. In her late-twenties, she was bullish, busty, boisterous and sensuous, all wrapped into one. She was broad shouldered, and except for her abundant curly brunette hair, full bust and unmistakably female ass, she could easily have been mistaken for a man. She could out-cuss a sailor, and despite the 'tough-guy' persona she projected, when nobody else was around, she was soft-spoken, almost oozing an 'I want to get close to you' sensuality. Definitely feminine.

I don't know that you could say we had a 'relationship', but we definitely had a rapport. And for whatever reason, I'd managed to earn her trust and confidence, and inexplicable as it was, she'd calm down and listen to me when she was in a rage and no one else could get through to her. I didn't understand it, and neither did she, but it worked.

The rest of the store crew was comprised of four girls and fifteen guys; one girl delivered for the store, and the three others worked the phones or made pizzas. The other guys worked as little as one night a week, while a few, like me, worked as close to full time as we could get.

When I took the pizza to my towel-lady, Chloe was gone for the night.

She came in at quitting time, though, beer in hand, bored out of her mind.

She spent ten or fifteen minutes talking to Darrell, her assistant, then came and found me.

"Darrell tells me you had an interesting run earlier," she said.

I looked over at her.

"Yeah," I said, "I guess you could say that."

Chloe laughed.

"What's so funny?" I asked.

"You are turning so fucking red," she said, sitting her beer down and leaning against the counter.

I could feel myself flushing, my face getting warm.

"So," Chloe said, her amusement dissipating. "Was she good looking?"

"Yeah," I replied.

"Yeah?" Chloe asked. "That's it? Yeah?"

"What do you want me to tell you?" I asked.

"What did she look like?" Chloe asked. 

I described her briefly to Chloe, not going into too much detail.

"So she had nice tits?" Chloe asked.

I felt myself flush again.

"Yeah, she had nice tits," I said as Chloe laughed again.

Darrell called out to Chloe and she walked off.

A few minutes later, she walked up behind me, and I was aware of her presence for about a half second before she grabbed my ass and whispered into my ear.

"Have a good night," she said. "I'll see you tomorrow."

Later that night, I was in bed, my hand around my cock and stroked off thinking about towel lady.

The next night, Chloe was running the store. Darrell and I were her closing drivers.

I caught grief from just about everybody that night about towel lady. On the other hand, I enjoyed something akin to sudden rock-star status.

Renee just laughed and shook her head; Cheryl, a little bit of a prude, turned about fifteen shades of red and stayed quiet most of the night. Danny, Steve and Rick were in awe.

"Buck naked?" Danny asked, eyes wide in amazement. "Stark, buck-ass naked?"

I nodded.

"You have seen a naked woman before, haven't you?" Chloe asked.

Stunned, Danny looked at her, at me, then back at her and nodded.

Business was dead that night, and with three hours to closing time, we'd thinned down to just Chloe, Darrell and me.

"This sucks!" Chloe slammed the pizza paddle on the counter. "Ring, you fucking phones, ring!"

Darrell shook his head.

"They ain't gonna ring just 'cause you break shit, Chloe," he said.

Chloe took a sip from her beer. It was against company policy to have beer in the store, much less to drink on the job, but she still did it. At the moment, she was carrying a light buzz.

"I know that," she said, spinning it on the counter.

"So tell me again about this woman you saw naked last night," Darrell said. "What was the address?"

"I'm not telling you," I said. "I might get another delivery there."

"They call in, I might take the run," Chloe said, grinning at me.

Darrell laughed.

"Did she have any tattoos?" he asked.

"None that I saw," I replied.

"Nothing like this?" Chloe asked.

Darrell and I looked over at her in time to see her pull her pants down, baring her ass to us.

A unicorn, soft pastels in blue, pink, purple and a bright gold, garnished the left cheek of her ass.

"Nothing like that," I replied without missing a beat as Darrell laughed.

Later, with less than a half hour to closing, we were well on our way to having the store clean enough that we might all get home at a reasonable time.

I had just finished washing the last of the dishes when Chloe walked up and leaned on the sink beside me.

"You know I'm just giving you shit about last night and that I don't mean anything by it, right?" she asked. This was the softer side.

"I know," I replied.

Chloe leaned into me and put an arm around me; half a hug.

"Good," she said.

"You gonna stay and follow me to the bank tonight?" she asked, stepping away from me toward the office.

"I guess," I said, shrugging. "You don't want Darrell to finish it out?"

"Nope. He's going home as soon as he gets back to save on labor," she said. "We can handle this."

I left five minutes later on the last delivery of the night.

When I got back, Darrell was asking Chloe one last time, was she sure, absolutely positive she didn't want him to stay.

"Yes. I'm sure. Go home."

Darrell glared at me as he walked out the door.

I walked over to the make line to police up the last of the food.

"I've got this," Chloe said, looking at the clock. She handed me her keys.

"Go get your drops and start checking yourself out," she said. "I'll finish up."

My eyebrows raised. This was not like her. None of the drivers checked themselves out. Ever. It wasn't just company policy, it was a baseline way for the manager to make sure his or her numbers stayed straight. And Chloe didn't trust anybody.

"Go," she said, picking up the tray of random ingredients. "You're one of the few here that I trust, so I know you're not gonna short me."

I shrugged, grabbed my tickets and went to the office. 

I'd hit a mark with Darrell a couple of months earlier, and now, it appeared, with Chloe, where both trusted me enough let me cash myself out.

I was just about done when Chloe killed the lights. The only light left in the store came from the drink cooler, the office and the residual lights that stayed on round the clock.

"Finished?" Chloe asked as I finished shuffling my money.

"Yeah," I replied, leaning back and looking over my shoulder at her.

"Good," she said.

The office light went out.

Chloe sat her beer, I'd lost count, on the counter next to me, and leaned over the back of the chair, and put her arms around me and hugged me.

She sighed heavily, kissed me on the cheek.

"You know Phil and I split up last month?" she said, standing up and moving around me to lean against the wall.

"Yeah," I said. "I heard."

He was more than thirty years her senior, and none of us had a clue what she'd seen in him.

"He liked the money I'm pulling down, but he didn't like my hours," she said, pulling her shirt free from her pants.

"Know what that makes you?" she asked.

"No idea," I replied. I was genuinely clueless.

"The only person I can really talk to," she said. "I mean really talk to."

"Chloe..."

"No, Mike," she said, "I'm serious. Don't worry, I'm not gonna break down and cry or anything like that. 

"But you're here all the time," she said, "I'm here all the time...."

"Darrell's here all the time," I said.

"Darrell's a walking penis," she said. "He is without a doubt one of the most arrogant pricks I've ever known. He honestly thinks a woman is out of her mind if she doesn't want to sleep with him."

I'd never quite heard it phrased that way before.

"You on the other hand," she said, leaning forward, "are quiet, unassuming and a gentleman."

She took my face in her hands and kissed me. 

Not on the cheek like before; on the lips. 

And then her tongue was in my mouth, forceful and unyielding. I submitted, and quickly found my hands in contact with her ribcage, the undeniable texture of her bra beneath the cloth on which my fingers rested.

Our lips parted, both of us gasping for air. 

Chloe licked her lips, smiling nervously as she stood up again. She grabbed the hem of her shirt and pulled up, peeling it over her head. 

As she finished pulling it off and shook her hair free, I looked square at her chest.

They were still contained in the cups of her bra, but Chloe's breasts were bigger than I'd imagined. Clearly, she was at least a D-cup.

She dropped her shirt onto the counter and reached behind her, unhooking her bra. She leaned forward, smiling at me and half-giggling as she shook the garment from her shoulder. It joined her shirt on the counter, and Chloe stood in front of me, topless.

"Are mine bigger than hers?" she asked. "Are my boobs bigger than the towel lady's?"

I nodded weakly. They were easily the size of softballs, the nipples easily a couple of inches or more in diameter.

Chloe reached down and took hold of my hands and put them on her breasts.

Her nipples hardened under my touch, the flesh drawing taut, the buds ripening into the shape of small gumdrops. 

Chloe moved closer to me and spread her legs, straddling me.

"Wanna suck 'em?" she asked. "Wanna suck my tits?"

"Yeah."

I leaned forward, my lips latching onto one of the still ripening buds as her hand came up behind my head, holding me to her chest.

One hand slid down to her thigh; the other cupped the globe of flesh I was sucking on as she breathed in deeply. 

Chloe sighed heavily and pushed back from me with her hands on my shoulders.

"Is your dick hard?" she asked.

I looked down between us, and before I could look up and answer her, she reached down and pressed my erection into her hand.

"I wanna see your dick," she said, climbing off of my lap. "Can I see your dick?"

Chloe didn't wait for an answer. She dropped to her knees in front of me and our hands fumbled together to unzip my pants.

The office was short on space, anyway; just enough room for the shelves mounted into the wall, the floor safe and the desk that was nothing more than a desktop resting on top of a pair of two-drawer filing cabinets.

Chloe stumbled against me as she dropped to her knees and tugged at my pants. A moment later, I sat bare assed in the chair, pants and boxers down around my ankles, my cock pointing straight at her.

"Mmmm. Somebody's a little excited," she said, stroking my shaft gently with her fingertips.

Her other hand pressed between my legs and cupped my balls. They rested heavy in her hand; small stones. Fingers wrapped around my cock and Chloe began to pump it slowly.

"Ever had a blowjob before?" she asked. Her eyelids were heavy, glazed.

I nodded. I lied. At the age of 22, I wasn't a virgin, but I hadn't had that many sex partners, and none of the girls I'd been with had been into oral sex.

Chloe didn't care. She leaned forward, sweeping her hair to the side, and took my cock into her mouth.

Her hands moved to my thighs, and I watched with rapt awe as she began to bob up and down, fucking my cock with her mouth.

The fact she was borderline drunk probably contributed to her being sloppy, and after a few minutes of what seemed to be nothing more than her simply moving her mouth up and down on my cock, she sat back on her feet and looked up at me.

"I don't want to make you cum like that," she said.

"You don't?" I asked.

Chloe half laughed and smiled.

"Don't sound so disappointed," she said. "I know you'd probably prefer I suck you off, but I've got something else in mind."

She stood up again, no easy task in our cramped quarters, and straddled me, putting my hands on her hips, then reaching down and pulling on my cock.

"I really need to get laid," she said, her voice sultry in a husky kind of way as she sighed heavily. "I really need a good fucking, and I want you to do it. Interested?"

Was I supposed to say no?

"Yeah," I nodded.

"Good," she said, leaning in and kissing me again. 

Her tongue invaded my mouth, and our lips melted together. Nothing romantic about it; the kiss was lustful, a 'we're gonna fuck now' kiss.

Chloe crawled off of my lap and stretched as she stood up. I watched her breasts as they rose and fell, jiggling with slight movement.

"Now," she said, "I just have to figure out how we're gonna do this.

"We can either stand up and you can fuck me from behind," she said, "or..."

Her eyes were darting back and forth like she was researching her options, but I don't think she had anything else in mind.

"We could make a pallet out of the hot bags and throw that towel on top of it," I said. We used them to keep the pizzas hot from the store to the delivery address. 

Chloe looked at me and smiled.

"That's what I like about you," she said. "You always have a quick solution to a problem. You go get some bags; I don't wanna put my shirt back on and it'll be easier for you to zip up quickly."

I nodded and stood up as she stepped out of the office.

A moment later, my pants back up and fastened, I was in the front of the store, visible to anybody that might be looking in. I grabbed three of the newest hot bags and carried them to the back.

Chloe had kicked her shoes off and stood there waiting on me. I tossed the bags on the floor, arranged them into a line we could lie on, and Chloe draped them with a towel.

She reached for me as I finished kicking off my shoes, tugging at my shirt. A moment later, my shirt off, she hugged me, crushing her breasts against me and doing her best to make our two bodies one. And then she let me go.

"I guess it'd be easier for us to have sex if we finish getting undressed," she said, laughing and smiling.

"It usually works better that way," I said as we both began to remove the rest of our clothes.

I was out of my pants and boxers pretty quickly; Chloe was a little slower. You could say her figure was, perhaps, rubenesque. She was thick, stock, strong, with thick, muscular thighs and hips.

She looked up at me and grinned an embarrassed grin as she tossed her pants aside.

"Don't look at me like that," she said. She plowed her thumbs into the waistband of her panties and pushed down.

"Like what?" I asked.

"I don't know," she said. "I know I'm not pretty..."

"You're beautiful," I said.

Chloe smiled broadly as she stepped out of her panties and tossed them aside.

"Thank you," she said.

She stepped closer to me.

"I want you to hold me against you for a minute first," she said.

Again, our bodies joined in desperate embrace; circumstantial lovers, joined in a moment. Chloe's mouth found mine, and we kissed again, our mouths completely open to one another.

And then, Chloe let go of me.

"Ready to fuck me?" she asked.

"Yeah."

I really don't think anyone ever planned for pizza hot bags to be used as an improvisational mattress; they skidded on the floor with every movement of our bodies. 

Finally, though, Chloe was lying down, her legs spread, arms beckoning me to her. I knelt between her legs and leaned forward, walking my hands forward, bending down and kissing my way up her body.

I sucked one of her nipples into my mouth, and Chloe inhaled sharply. And then she gasped.

"I just thought of something," she said.

"What?" I asked. It sounded like I was about to be getting dressed with a raging hard-on in progress.

"Do you have a condom with you?" she asked.

I shook my head no.

"You wanna stop?" I asked.

Chloe looked at me, weighing her choice.

She shook her head no.

"Fuck it," she said. "I'm not on the pill right now, and I didn't want to go home with wet panties, but I'll be fine."

She could tell I suddenly wasn't so sure.

"It'll be okay," she said. "I'm at the point in my cycle where I shouldn't be able to get pregnant.

"Come on," she said, tugging at me. "I want your dick in me."

Hormones resumed their control of the night.

As soon as she could, Chloe took hold of my cock and began rubbing it in between her legs, against the wetness of her pussy. And then, with one hand pushing me slightly away from her, she put the head of my cock into the opening of her pussy and urged me inside.

I slowly impaled Chloe with my cock, her pussy snug, tight and velvety smooth. And hot. Her pussy was a wet, hot glove holding my cock desperately.

I began thrusting in and out of her slowly. Chloe clutched at my ass, fingers kneading the flesh of my ass, pulling my cheeks apart, making me wonder more than once if she weren't trying to pull me in half. She had her eyes closed and her head tilted back, and I began to shower her exposed neck with kisses.

"Ohhh, Mike," she said. "Your cock is so hard. I like it."

She kissed me, catching my lip in her teeth and then shoving her tongue against mine again.

Chloe's pussy was the tightest I'd ever fucked before, and I swear it felt like she was milking my cock.

"Harder," she said. "Fuck me harder. And faster."

I began thrusting into her with more force and quickly felt my orgasm beginning to build.

"I'm not gonna last much longer," I said.

"You gonna... cum... inside me?" she asked, breathing hard.

"Yeah." I choked out the word as my heart pounded in my chest.

"I'm... cumming, Chloe," I said as my cock began shooting semen into her.

Chloe moaned, deep and guttural, as she grasped my ass and pulled me into and against her.

I collapsed on top of her, and a few moments later, we lay side by side on our makeshift pallet holding each other, kissing lightly.

"That was good," she said. "But..."

"What?" I asked

"I can feel your cum running out of me," she said. "I knew we should've used a condom.

"Next time," she said.

"Next time?" I asked.

She nodded.