 Come closer. I won’t bite. That’s it. Closer. I want tell you what I want. Do you want to know? 

I want to watch you stroke yourself…see how you do it. I want to hear you describe what you are doing it… how it’s making you feel. Tell me when you’re going to cum. Show me, tell me. I want to see your face. I want to see how your cock swells in your hands. I want to see how excited you get when you bring yourself off. 

I want to hear it all. I want you to talk dirty to me. 

I want you to tell me how it feels when I suck on your cock. How it feels when I deep throat you. I want to hear how hot it makes you. Do you want it slower? Do you want it faster? Do you want it deeper? Tell me, talk dirty to me. 

I want to hear it all. Tell me, do you like it when I do this? Do you like it when I flicker my tongue across your cock slit? I want you to tell me how do you feel when you are deep in my throat? Can you feel my throat pulsing against your cock? I want you to tell me all the dirty details. 

I want to tell you how I’m going to make you feel. I’ll show you how hot it makes me to swallow your cock all the way down. How you taste in my mouth. 

I want to slip my tongue into that tight bumhole. Slip my tongue in and out. I want to fuck you in the ass the way you fuck mine. I want you to feel that pain that hurts so good. I want to know where that edge is for you. 

Tell me do you like my finger in your ass. I want you to tell me do you like it. I want to slip another in. And another. And another. I want you to tell me how far can I go, how far can I take you? 

Tell me, how do you like it when i nip your cock ever so gently with my teeth? Along your shaft? On your balls? Do you want me suck your balls? Lick them? Tell me, do you like it when I suck your balls into my mouth, one by one. I want to hear. 

Tell me the things you want me to do to you with my mouth, my tongue, fingers. 

I want to straddle myself your lap, playing with my own sex. I want you to be playing with yourself between my legs. I want to watch you watching me while I watch you. 

I want to watch you stroke yourself. Tell me how you like to be touched, stroked. Tell me what turns you on. I want you to tell me what you like. 

I want you to whisper those naughty things you’re going to do in my ear. 

I want to you to tell me how you’re going to fuck me. Tell me how hard. Tell me how you’re going to drill my pussy in half. I want you to tell me how you’re going to fuck my ass. Tell me how you’re going to fuck me. Tell me how you’re going to make me cum. 

Touch me here. That’s it. Nice and slow. Roll my nipples between your fingers. Roll them hard. I like it rough. I like it hard. I want to feel that erotic pain. 

That’s it. Lower. Right there. Tell me can you see how wet I am? That feels so good. Faster, don’t stop, harder. That’s it. Fuck, it feels so good. Can you feel my clit pulse when I cum? 

Suck it. Lick it. Now kiss me. I want to taste me on your lips, in your mouth. Tell me, are my juices as sweet as yours?

I want to see our reflections in the mirror. Watch us fuck each other. I want you to tell me how hot it makes you to watch you fucking me? 

I want to hear it all. I want you to tell me. 

Tell me what do you want to do? What turns you on, what do you dream about? Tell me how hard you get thinking those thoughts. I want to hear it all. I want you to talk dirty to me. Tell me the dirty things you want done to you, the dirty things you want to do. 

Whisper them into my ear. I’m listening.