 He was dumbfounded as he watched her climb off of him and climb out of the truck. His radio was still going, the windows were fogged up, there were hand prints on the side window and he was still naked. He was still trying to decide if it was all a dream As he watched her climb in her car and drive away As her car pulled out of site he pulled on his dry pants and tried to catch up with her.

His cock was still hard as he drove the couple of miles home from the park, where she had just surprised the hell out of him, fucked him until she came and then left him in the front of his truck gasping for air. He was driving home still wondering what came over her. She had never done anything like that before. He had a lot of fun but damn, he was still horny.

He pulled into the driveway and walked into the house, grabbing a beer, a bottle of wine and 2 glasses along the way. She wasn't in the den so he walked to the bedroom, he heard the shower. He put the wine and glasses by the bed and walked into the shower. He was treated to the sight of her under the water covered in soap. He quickly stripped out of his pants and walked to the door. He slid it open as she turned to face the water and slid in behind her.

He grabbed her around the waist and held her tight against his body. He kissed her neck as he ran one hand across her breasts to her nipple while the other snaked down across her belly to her pussy. He felt her roll her head back to give him better access to her neck and ear. His hands were busy squeezing and caressing her nipples and rubbing up an down across the entrance to her pussy. The hot water is now streaming over the both of them.

She let out a moan as she felt him grab her. She felt his lips on her neck as she rolled her head back into him. His hands were roughly holding her tight to him. She tried to reach and grab his ass but he then grabbed her 2 hands put them over her head and pinned her body against the wall. He pushed her up against the wall and she could feel his hard cock pressed tight against her ass. She felt him slide a hand back down between her legs. His lips and teeth now chewing on her neck and ear. She knew she could easily slip her hand out from his one hand but she was really enjoying the feel of his body pressed tightly against hers. His hard cock now pressed between the cheeks of her ass as he pressed her body up against the wet, cold tile of the shower wall.

He began to slide his dick up and down the crack of her ass, as he tried to continue playing with her pussy, sliding his finger up and down over the lips. He felt her push her hips and ass back against his hard wet cock. He shifted his head to the other side of her neck now. As he began to kiss and lick the other side of her neck, he lowered her hands so he could now pull her back from the wall and begin to caress her breasts and nipples again. He let his one hand begin to tease her nipples again while the other was playing with her pussy lips. He was running the fingers gently along the edges, almost sliding a finger tip in but seeming to stop.

She let out a moan and a groan as she felt his hands continue to tease her body. She reach back and pulled his ass tight to her, pressing his hard cock against her ass. She began to grind her ass against his cock, His fingers were driving her nuts. She was really getting into the way he was kissing, licking and biting her neck. His hands were rougher than normal on her breasts and pussy, but not enough to hurt her. His breath was warm on her neck. The water was still warm and pouring over their bodies as their soapy hands continued to rub against each other. She felt his cock begin to slide away from her ass, she was trying to hold it tight against her, hoping he would slide it down between her legs so she could feel it. She then felt his lips begin to kiss her skin and his teeth nibbling on her back as he was now kneeling in the shower. His hands were sliding down the front of her belly to her pussy. She jumped a little as she felt his lips begin to nibble on her ass cheeks. She really jumped when he smacked her ass with one hand and bit into her other cheek with his teeth. She then felt his lips gently caress both cheeks as he brought his mouth closer and closer to her ass. His hands and slid back to her hips and were working their way back to her pussy. She turned in the shower so now she was facing the back wall allowing the stream of hot water to run down her back and over her ass. She felt him working his mouth deeper between the cheeks of her ass. she let out a sigh as she felt him now slide one hand between her legs and up to her pussy. The fingers again teasing her lips that were now starting to spread on their own and they moved across her clit. She was pushing her ass back against his face as she felt his tongue getting closer and closer to her ass.

He could feel her pushing her ass against his face as he continued to explore her backside with his tongue and lips. Gentle nibble from time to time caused her to moan. He slid his hands to her ass and gently spread her cheeks as he moved his tongue next to her tight hole. He moved his tongue up and down her crack, getting closer and closer to her ass. As he got closer he moved one hand back to her pussy lips and begin to mimic the motions. His hand and tongue now moving as mirror images of each other, one caressing her pussy lips the other caressing her ass. He finally slipped one finger between her wet pussy lips and he thought he felt her shake and moan. He then pushed his head forward and pushed his tongue into her ass. As he began to finger her pussy he was sliding his tongue in and out of her ass. He could feel her pushing her hips down onto his finger and even against her tongue. He pulled his tongue from her ass and began to kiss his way back up across her spine. His free hand worked its way back to one of her nipples where he began to squeeze and pinch it.

She let out a low moan as she felt his tongue and teeth back on her neck, one hand on her nipple and a finger from his other hand now in her pussy. His cock was rock hard and warm against her ass cheek as he kissed her neck some more. She let out a sigh as he pulled the finger from her pussy and felt him turn her around. She squinted some as the water hit her face some even with his body blocking most of it. His lips moved to hers as he took her hands and raised them both over head. She let out a moan as he moved his mouth down to her nipple and began to lick, suck and nibble on it until it was rock hard. Then he moved to her other nipple. She let out another moan, closed her eyes and then let out a sigh as she felt him move his lips back to her lips and now his cock was pressed against her belly. He was still holding her hands over her head. She felt him drop his hips and then she felt his cock now pressed against her pussy lips and her clit. Gawd that felt so good. She wanted him in her now. He was now resisting her attempts at moving her hands to his body. Now she couldn't move her hands. He was holding her where he wanted her. His lips were still working on her nipples now as she felt his cock sliding back and forth across her pussy lips. She let out another groan.

He could feel his own excitement growing and he felt the water starting to get cold. He stood up, kissing his way back to her face, letting go of her hands. He felt her hands wrap around his back, her nails running up and down his back, probably leaving more marks similar to what she did earlier in the truck. He took her hand, led her out of the shower and then picked her up and carried her to the bedroom. She tried to complain about being wet but he didn't care. Now it was her turn to get "used" He wanted her and he wanted her right then. They dropped on the bed an heap and he quickly rolled over on top. He spread his body down over hers and dropped his lips to her lips. The kisses started off gently and then became more urgent. His tongue was forcing her lips open, working its way deeper into her mouth. His hands were now caressing and pinching both of her nipples, he could her little oohs and aahs whenever he pinched them particularly hard. He felt her hips grinding against his hard cock which was trapped between their bellies. He could feel her breathing hard into his mouth as he continued to kiss her lips and let his hands work on her breasts. He felt her hands running up and down his back, alternating between finger tips and nails. He let out a few gasps and moans of his own when she dug her nails into his back or his ass.

She was trying to catch her breath as he felt his fingers continue their assault on her nipples. His mouth was all over her her own mouth, down to her ears and neck and back. All she could do was continue to run her hands up and down across his back. She could feel his cock pressing against her belly. She reached down and pulled his ass tight against her. She felt him now rubbing his hairy chest across her hard nipples while sliding his cock up and down near her pussy. She felt him lower his head down to her nipples and this forced his hips down lower across her body. She spread her legs, reached between them and pushed the head of his cock down so it was now trapped between her thighs next to her pussy. He let out a moan into her nipples that he was now nibbling on. His hands were holding her breasts up so he could easily switch from one nipple to the other with his. She felt him sliding his cock up and down against her wet pussy lips. She let out a groan as it pressed tight against her clit. His hands on her hips pulling him tight to her as his lips continued to work on her breasts. She moved her hands to his head trying to guide it where she wanted it but he seemed content to do it at his own pace. He was driving her nuts with this teasing. She thought she could feel his cock swelling against her pussy. Why didn't he put it in her, she wondered. As he brought his face back up to hers she held his face in her hands and began to kiss around his face. Their breath hot on each others now damp skin. She then felt him begin to kiss his way back down face to her neck. She tried to hold his face to hers but he finally reached up grabbed her hands and held them at her side.

He held her hands to her side as he began to kiss, lick and nibble his way down her wet body. He let his tongue, lips and teeth tease her nibbles until they were nice and hard again. Then he resumed his trip south. He kissed and licked across her belly, around to her sides and back to her belly button. He felt her squirming and jumping as he let his tongue slide all around her belly, finding drops of water and licking them up. He really felt her jump when he slid his tongue into her belly button. As he resumed his trip to the promised land he could feel her grinding her hips against his hairy belly and chest. He could almost feel the heat coming from her pussy as he brought his mouth closer and closer. He let go of her hands as he lowered his mouth to the bottom of her pussy lips, sliding his hands under her ass to raise it up some. He felt her move her hands into his hair. His tongue began a long slow trip up and down her lips. He felt her bucking her hips against him trying to get him to slide his tongue into her. Her hands were now pushing his face tight against her pussy as he held her ass up. His tongue refusing to go where she wanted it to go. He was going to control this session and he was going to enjoy it. He could taste her juices that were starting to flow out of her pussy and down to her ass. HE raised her ass some more and let his tongue run down across her ass to catch some of the juices. He could hear her moaning some more. Her hips still writhing, her hands trying to find some hair on his head to grab.

She finally found his ears and began to pull his mouth tight against her pussy. She felt his tongue slide deep into her pussy. She let out a groan and moan. She felt his tongue slide up and down across her clit and then slide back into her pussy. She was in heaven. His tongue was caressing everywhere and she was enjoying it. She didn't think she could cum again after cumming just a short while ago but she felt another one building up. She let out another groan as his tongue slid out of her pussy and into her ass again and then all the way up to her clit. She could feel his hard cock pressed against her foot and leg. She began to rub her leg up and down on his cock. She was lost in the feeling of his tongue in her pussy and on her clit when she felt something hard slide into her pussy. She let out a groan as she felt his finger quickly slide deeply into her and begin to slide in and out. She let out a sigh as he pulled it from her, then she felt it slide back in. But it felt different, then she felt pressure at her back door. She relaxed her ass as he began to force one finger into her ass and another into her pussy. She let out a groan as she felt the finger slide inside of her. His other finger was now buried deep into pussy rubbing against her g- spot while his tongue was now busy on her clit. She could feel her orgasm building but damn it, she wanted his cock in her.

He could tell she was ready to cum and he was close himself, he raised his wet pussy juice covered lips to hers and kissed her. She ran her tongue across his lips and then put her tongue in his mouth. She was now groaning into his mouth as he continued to finger both of her holes while kissing her. His hard cock was once again pressed tight against her hip and belly. He felt her slide a hand down and begin to stroke his cock. He let out a groan into her neck as he nibbled on her neck again. His fingers were still busy sliding in and out of her. She was now moaning into his ear.

She couldn't stand it any more, She turned her head to his ear and said, 

"Fuck me, fuck me now! Damn It!"

He smiled at her words as he pulled his fingers from her pussy and ass. He slid both of his hands to her hands holding them over her head as he shifted his hips so he was now between her legs. He saw her begin to raise and lower her hips pressing herself against the head of his cock. He lowered his lips back to her face and began to kiss her again. He let the head of his cock begin to press against her wet pussy lips. He felt her kiss him harder, while trying to drive her hips up against the head of his cock. He smiled as he kissed her and let his hips and cock move with her thrusts.

She was going nuts now, She couldn't move her arms to pull him into her, he seemed to be smiling at her as she was growling at him to fuck her. Every time she tried to say something he would smile, and kiss her, cutting her off. She felt the head of his cock pressed at the entrance to her pussy. She could feel him teasing her lips with it. Pushing it in a little and then pulling it back out. It was driving her nuts! She wanted that cock of his stuffed in her pussy. She continued to press her hips up at his cock, feeling the head of it just slide in then he would pull it out. Then he would slide his cock up so the shaft was now pressed against her pussy lips spreading them apart while the head pressed against her clit. His cock felt warm and firm pressed against her lips. Oh how she wanted him in her. As he kissed her neck, she again growled into his ears to fuck her. She felt him continue to slide his cock up and down against her pussy but never sliding it in. She struggle against his grip but he wouldn't let go. She still pushed her hips against his. She let out a moan as she felt him shift his hips and now his cock was pointing down towards her ass.

He heard her moan as he began to drive his cock now up and down her pussy lips with the head of his cock pointing at her ass. He had to push his chest and hips down into her to make it more comfortable to him. He felt and heard her groaning as he was continuing the tease of her. He was ready to cum but he wasn't sure how close she was. He wanted to make sure that they erupted together. He dropped his lips to her ear and she was again growling into her ear to fuck her and to fuck her hard.

He smiled to himself as he shifted his hips again and now the head of his cock was pressed against her pussy lips. She was now moving her hips trying to force his cock into her. He left his cock poised at the entrance while he lay the rest of his body down across her body. His chest pressed into her chest. He kissed her neck again and then pushed his cock in quickly. He heard her moan as his cock plunged into her.

She felt his lips on her lips, she felt his chest on her chest, pressing down on her and then felt him push his cock inside of her. She groaned as she felt him finally push his cock into her. She breathed heavily into his mouth as he continued to kiss her and push his cock all the way into her in one stroke. He then released her hands and raised himself up some as he then began to rock his hips back and forth forcing his cock in and out of her. She rocked her hips back at him, forcing his cock deeper into her. She felt his lips on her nipple and she let out another moan. His cock was sliding in and out of her wet pussy and now his tongue was busy teasing her nipple. She was ready to explode. She could hear him grunting some as he continued to fuck her hard. Now his teeth were nibbling on her hard nipple as he started to fuck her pussy faster. She let out a sigh as he lay down on top of her again, his mouth back on her neck and lips as he moved his hands down to her ass. She began to run her fingers and nails all across his back, enjoying the jumps and moans that forced his cock deeper into her.

His hands began to squeeze and caress her ass as he felt his cock sliding in and out of her wet pussy. He was fighting the urge to cum. He could feel her breath on his neck as she continued to kiss and lick his own neck. Her hands were grabbing his ass and squeezing his cheeks. He felt her sliding her fingers down between the cheeks of his ass. He felt one finger began to tease his own ass. He began to kiss her lips again. His cock was ready to explode, but he continued to fight it. Her tongue was sliding all over his tongue, her hands were playing with his ass, pulling him into her. Forcing his cock all the way into her tight wet pussy. He could feel that she was ready to cum to. Her own breath was getting short in his neck as she broke the kiss to breathe.

Finally he couldn't hold back any more, He pushed his cock all the way into her pussy, let out a groan and began to shoot his load of cum.

She felt him begin to groan and tried to squeeze his cock with her pussy while pulling him tight against her. Her lips moved back to his lips. His cock began to slide in and out of her wet pussy as he tried to catch his own breath. She kept kissing him and began to ride her hips on his cock, trying to catch up, she was close. She began pulling his ass down to forcing his cock into her. He quickly picked up the rhythm and resumed plowing his cock into her. He lowered his mouth to her nipple and began to lick and suck on it. His hands were now squeezing her ass and teasing her hole. She was letting out pants now, then as he began to slide in and out as much as he could she let out a groan of her own, grabbed his face with her hands, pulled his face to hers so she could kiss his lips as she orgasmed. Her pussy squeezed his cock while her orgasm washed over her.

He rested his arms on either side of her body as he gently kissed her lips and let his cock soften inside of her pussy.

She began to run her hands up and down his sides, watching smiling as she watched him jump and squirm as she tickled him. She looked into his eyes that were bright, clear and loved the way he just stared right back at her. She let out a little moan as she felt him finally slide out. She ran her fingers across his sides one more time and then down across her wet pussy lips. She then then reached up to his face and pulled his lips to hers. She wanted to share the taste of what they had done with him. As she put her finger between their lips she kissed his lips and smiled.
