 You drop your coat on the back of the couch, and kick out of your heels. Dinner was divine, and the show was fabulous... but you are tired. I had a fabulous time in your company tonight, but I admit I am tired, too. And yet, your simple, easy grace with the simplest gesture - letting your hair down - catches my eye, and I catch my breath: you happen to be facing away, silhouetted by the dim light from the kitchen, and as you reach up with both hands to unfasten your hair clip, you are momentarily statuesque. A goddess. My Venus. And my fatigue dissipates, and my desire takes root...

I step up behind you, and place my hands on your hips, smoothing out the soft wool of your pencil skirt. You lean back slightly, and the cool silk of your blouse grazes my chest. I hug you from behind, and you cling to my arms and pull them around you firmly, as if you have a chill and need my warmth... but as I start to nuzzle the nape of your neck, and my hand lightly caresses your breasts, I feel your warmth... and know that you crave my touch as much as I crave to touch you.

Up to your collar then traveling down the placket of your blouse, my fingers in turn release each button - you still facing away from me. When you reach to help, I catch your hands, and wordlessly implore: "allow me this tender treat... to undress you slowly... and to reveal your body to the cool air, and to the warmth of my strong hands." Understanding fully, you wordlessly grant my request.

I unzip your skirt, and as it and your blouse fall away, you turn to kiss me. We drink deeply of each other's lips, and we are lost in each other. Lost, in a moment of bliss, of complete connection, of passion. I feel your breasts pressed in to me through the thin fabric of your lacy bra, my hands cup your ass through the lace of the matching panties, and I guide your hips into mine. Your hands furiously undo my shirt and belt, as our lovely tender kiss morphs into something lusty... and hungry. I squeeze your ass cheeks as our tongue continue to dance and dart after each other... your hand soon slips to my crotch where you find my member, full, and straining against the fabric of my shorts.

The nails of your hands in the small of my back bite me as you curve your fingers and pull me to you... my hands in your hair gain purchase as I continue to kiss you deeply, grabbing you softly as we continue to kiss lustfully.

I pull you close, and whisper: "I want you". You turn a wry smile and shoot me a sultry sexy look. You place your hands on my hips, and tug on my shorts, then turn and put your hands on the back of the couch, and bend forward. Pressing your ass into my throbbing cock, you begin to gyrate slowly. You look over your shoulder at me, and say "Then take me."

My hands reach for the crotch of your panties, and I slip two fingers under the cloth. Your pussy lips are swollen and wet, and you catch your breath at the touch. Your juices coat my fingers and fill the room with the scent of your sex. Our love making is usually so tender and so slow... but this time I want you too badly... my cock needs to be satisfied with the heat of your wanton pussy. I move the fabric aside, revealing your pussy lips, aching for my cock. I spread your juices on the tip, and bring it slowly to you... and in one slow continuous thrust, I enter you, and fill you with my manhood...

You moan in pleasure as my cock slides into you... you bend your knees just a little to take me even deeper. I begin to rock back and forth, pounding deeper with each thrust, until my balls are slapping against you.

I reach forward to grab your breasts. I knead them at the same time I use my new handhold to pull you even more firmly on to my erect shaft. I find your erect nipples, and I roll them between my fingers. More grunted than spoken, I manage to say "I'm... going... to... cum..."

As my jizz rises through my cock, I involuntarily tighten my grip, and the pinch on your nipples causes you to lose control, and you cry "oh, baby, baby please cum for me!"

And with one more thrust, I trigger your orgasm and mine. We both moan in pleasure as our hot love coats cock and pussy...

We linger in that pose - cock buried deep in pussy - as we both catch our breath. After a minute of gently kneading my cock with your slippery but satisfied pussy, you look over your shoulder and say - with a sexy, wry smile - "We'll have to see that show again, soon: looks like we really both like the ending!"