 All packed and ready to go. What a week this has been! Some fun, a lot of crap, a modicum of stress, and a husband who could cut to the chase and make a call the wife could not. Poof, problem solved and the weight of the world lifted. Eamon to the rescue! Sheila smiled.

A few hours at work that morning, and then home quickly to get ready, here it was 1 PM, and all that remained was for Eamon's truck to roll up the driveway. Sheila was excited, and anticipation of a great weekend wasn't the only dimension to it.

Months ago they'd looked into options for their 26th wedding anniversary, and considered several options. Their 25th was behind them, and although marred by tumultuous problems in the months before, it ultimately became one of the most renewing weekends of their lives. Sex, sex and more sex for four days. It was as near perfect as possible. What could top it?

Eamon suggested that the answer was probably "nothing could," and Sheila had to smile. He was right. Equal, or approach it maybe, but trying on purpose to top it might set up a let down. That was really a better goal. Better yet, let what ever they settled on just be enjoyable and something they could both look forward to, then back on with fond memories. Why set expectations and then risk failing to meet them? Of course that was Eamon logic rattling around her mind. Sheila was wired to dream, and anticipate to the enth degree and beyond it. 

Emotional and physical wellbeing were taking on power in their lives, and holistic strategies to achieve or maintain it managed to get both of their attention. Both of them viewed their spiritual and physical connection to be the thing that made their relationship strong, and kept them close. By accident, or maybe by dedication, they'd created a recipe for a comfortable and fulfilling partnership. So, something that would renew that made good sense.

Sheila came across some brochures for couple's retreats on a rack at the doctor's office. She picked them up and brought them home. Eamon wasn't opposed, but the idea of spending time in seminars and discussion groups about constructive communication and creative arguing wasn't exactly his idea of fun. One of the groups had a website, and Sheila decided to check out their program before completely dismissing the idea.

The relationship site was a bust. Eamon was right. Their marriage was strong already. Some of the links on it were intriguing though. Maybe they didn't need relationship advice, but time away together trying something new might be fun. Holy cow! There are actually retreats and workshops for jazzing up your sex life! Sheila had to laugh. But, one site offered workshops for tantric sex. They read about Tantric love together a while back, and had been trying some of the exercises in a book Sheila came across. A weekend away for the express purpose of having sex and pleasing each other was a lot more interesting than the other retreat options. Sheila saved the site as a favorite, and e-mailed it to Eamon.

They did some investigating together over the next few evenings. Three different groups had workshops in Texas on their anniversary weekend. Eamon checked out some references and talked with the instructors. One sounded too clinical, so it was crossed off. The deciding factor was the recommendations they got from couples who took workshops with the groups in the past year.

The retreat that ranked highest was offered at a quaint bed and breakfast in the Hill Country north west of San Antonio. Sheila liked the idea a lot, though Eamon was non-committal. He agreed it sounded interesting, but said they could do as well on their own somewhere without the expense of instructors and bullshit like classes. When Sheila asked if they were going to or not, the discussion was closed with him saying, "we'll see." 

After that, Sheila let it drop, unaware that Eamon took the initiative, and registered them. When the confirmation and information came in e-mail, he wrapped it in a small box, and gave it to her as an "early" anniversary gift.

For well over a month, Sheila enjoyed a slow bubbling excitement, and now today, they were getting ready to go. All she could think about was loving Eamon, and his body. By the time she had the suitcase, carry on and airline tickets assembled, her groin was throbbing with anticipation. Their flight didn't leave until 5PM.

"Gawd! I can't wait that long!" Sheila thought about some solo activity while she waited for her husband, and smiled at how naughty that would be. The workshop information recommended that they have sex in the morning before leaving so that urgency would be less of an inhibiting factor when they applied the first exercises that evening. So, they did that. But it hadn't worked because already Sheila was aching for more. Truth be told, she wanted more than sex she wanted a damned hard spanking and then some sex. Her heart pounded with both desire, and anxiety that Eamon was going to get home too late for that to be possible.

Trying to fill the time, she logged on the computer and answered e-mails, and then she started proof reading a spanking story she was working on for a website. Her groin throbbed, and the growing temptation to go into the bedroom and relieve herself distracted her. Just as she was about to give in to it, Eamon surprised her by coming in the front door. She hadn't heard his truck pull up, and she was surprised that he didn't come through the garage.

"Hey stranger, wanna mess a round with a really bad girl?" she smiled.

"That's the plan," he smiled back, and pulled his tie loose. "Let me get a shower and changed and we'll head for the airport in about an hour."

"But I've been having very evil thoughts right now," Sheila grinned and shifted her bottom suggestively on the sofa cushion.

"Is that right?" Eamon chuckled.

"Yeah, I think I should be spanked very hard for them too," Sheila nodded.

"Very hard?"

"Yes VERY VERY hard."

"That bad huh?" Eamon tossed his tie onto the chair by the door, and put his hands on the buckle of his duty belt.

"Yes, so bad my bum should be blistered," Sheila crooned and stood up. Her eyes focused on Eamon's hands and the bulge that was beginning to push out below them.

"Then you better go to your room and pull those pants down hadn't you?" First his holstered pistol found it's niche in the locked safe behind the closet door, and then his duty belt landed with a thump on the floor. Eamon advanced on his wife with a mock stern look on his face. "Get moving or it will go much harder on you."

Sheila sidled over to get in his way, and then scampered backward in front of him toward the bedroom. She couldn't help giggling. Eamon responded with a wicked smile.

"You better wipe that grin off your face right now young lady or I'll have to deal with you severely."

"Promise?" Sheila giggled more.

"Oh yes, you bet your butt I promise," Eamon lunged and caught her by the waistband of her slacks. "First we'll take these off."

Sheila responded by leaning up against her husband. They embraced and kissed. When her slacks fell with gravity, Sheila rubbed her stomach against Eamon's bulging groin. He leaned down and pushed her panties off her bottom, and then he grasped her cheeks and pulled her tighter against him. Sheila groaned and shivered. Her groin pulsed with excitement.

Eamon's grip on her bottom tightened almost brutally. "You're a very bad girl," he crooned.

"Yes I know. What are you gonna do about it?" Sheila bit Eamon's lower lip hard, her eyes twinkled with the dare.

Eamon's eyes twinkled back, and he lifted Sheila to the bed, taking her mouth with his. He sat and placed Sheila between his knees. "Hard spanking?" he grinned.

"Yes please, really hard," Sheila smiled.

"Very bad huh?"

"The worst," she nodded.

"Over you go then."

Sheila obediently turned and leaned down over Eamon's left thigh, laying her chest down on the bed and arching her lower back so that her cheeks spread and lifted for him.

"This bottom is much too white to belong to such a bad girl," he remarked as his hand caressed and kneaded.

"You'll fix that for me though won't you," Sheila answered with a sexy, ever so slightly sarcastic tease.

"Oh yes," Eamon countered with a firm stinging slap.

"Hmmm that's how to do it," Sheila lifted for another spank, and Eamon obliged.

"A very hard spanking, for a very bad girl," Eamon set up a slowly building stinging rhythm. It was exactly what Sheila wanted, and soon her hips were gently bucking with the same rhythm as her spanking. As her bottom became warmer and warmer, her groin throbbed more. The building tension in her pussy fueled the sensual engine that drove her hips. They rolled and humped her husband's thigh, grinding in lascivious circles.

Eamon chuckled, and shifted them both so that Sheila's legs parted and she straddled his knee. Now as he spanked her harder, her labia spread and her movements advantageously rubbed her clitoris on his firmly muscled thigh.

"Oh yes!" Sheila's voice hutched. "Spank me harder!"

He did. But soon, when his hand began to hurt, Eamon decided he needed another tack to bring her along faster. His left hand eased up under her pelvis, and up between the lubricated lips of her sex. Her juices made it feel like his fingers were stroking hot silk velvet.

"Spank me hard. Honey! Really hard!" Sheila gasped with rapidly building arousal.

Eamon obliged, enjoying her excitement and the sexy smell of her. She was close now, and he pushed her with spanks that would have made her cry with pain if he were punishing her.

"Oh fuck!" she keened. "Harder! Spank me harder!" Sheila's hips pumped on Eamon's fingers as he spanked her as hard as he could.

"I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum!" she gasped. "Please? Please!"

"Good girl," Eamon spanked harder, and picked up the tempo with his fingers.

"Unngg!" Sheila gasped as her body gave way to the intense spasms of orgasm. Eamon stroked her vulva and spanked her bottom until the movement of her hips eased into slow boneless jiggling circles, and the rhythmic contractions of her pussy on his fingers slowly abated.

"Good girl now?" he crooned.

"Very good I think," she whispered.

"All better then," Eamon lifted her and pulled her into a hug between his legs. Then he pushed her panties the rest of the way down her legs and helped her step out of them. "Good girls get to ride the Texas pony if they play their cards right."

Sheila stepped back and watched as Eamon pulled down his trousers and boxers freeing himself. His erection stood tall away from him waving an invitation to Sheila to climb on. Her smile was affectionate. The leaning tower of Texas, also known as little E, the dagger of delight, among other nicknames, had just acquired a new one; the Texas pony.

"I don't know? I'm not sure you've been a good girl?" he teased.

"But you spanked me to make me good?" Sheila grinned wickedly.

"Yes I did, didn't I? Are you going to stay good for a while?" he smiled and leaned back on his elbows grinning down at his bobbing penis, and then up at Sheila.

"A couple of hours maybe?" she crooned straddling both his legs, climbing up on the mattress onto her knees. 

"I warn you, if you're bad again soon, it will go very hard on your bottom," Eamon smiled and let his torso drop flat. Sheila shifted up so that she could mount him.

"I won't be too good though OK? I might need another spanking pretty soon," she sighed as she slowly slid down onto her husband. Sheila loved the feeling of fullness that came with mounting him this way. At first she rode him with gentle grinding circles, and then long wet rubbing strokes against his pubis. Eamon closed his eyes, and layback letting Sheila do the work. That was something else that Sheila loved. Watching his face relax and then tense with arousal. It didn't take very long before Eamon approached climax and decided to shift them so he could thrust faster for it.

"Turn around," he lifted Sheila to face away from him so he could lift up and enter her from behind. In that position, he was able use her hips as a handhold to pump himself vigorously inside her. Sheila came again after about a minute and Eamon followed shortly with his climax.

"We're going to use ourselves up before this weekend even starts," he chuckled as he backed out and stood up off the bed.

"Mmm, that's a nice thought," Sheila sighed.

"Well, if we don't get moving, we'll miss the plane. Is everything ready?"

"Everything but you," Sheila nodded, and scooted off the bed to the bathroom.

"Clothes, PJ's, laptop?"

"Yes everything," Sheila turned on the tap, and lathered a face cloth to wash between her legs.

"Paddle ball paddle too?" Eamon's tone of voice carried a slight warning edge

"Paddle ball paddle too, but I promise my attitude won't need that," Sheila answered. The paddle could be used for play, but lately Eamon had taken to using it preemptively every time her attitude became testy.

Eamon finished undressing, and climbed in the shower.

By 6:20 PM, They were in a rental car heading out of San Antonio toward their retreat.

***********

Check in was easy. The group had a welcome table in the front hall of the large home, and signs directed them to the sumptuous library where the evening's session would be held. Eamon and Sheila had time to unpack and freshen up before the welcome buffet supper was served.

Their room was huge, appointed with a large king sized sleigh bed, and a beautiful adjoining bathroom with an immense Jacuzzi tub and separate shower.

"We should remember this place just for regular getaways honey, it's amazing," Sheila marveled.

"It'll do," Eamon smiled and pulled her to him into a bear hug. "Happy anniversary Mrs. M."

"You too Mr. M. I love you, you know?" Sheila looked up into Eamon's eyes and rocked side to side in his arms.

"Hmm." Eamon nodded. "Me too."

Supper was great. Sheila was less inhibited meeting the other couples than she feared. Counting the mentors, there were seven couples altogether. Ages ranged from 30 through 66. Sheila relaxed when she saw that there were no weirdos or fashion models among the group, just ordinary normal people.

The intro session was fun, and further helped Sheila relax. Each couple shared about themselves, how long they'd been together, a little about family, and a lot about what their sexual interests were. Most had read at least something about tantric sex. A few had been using it for a number of years. All of the couples reported that they had very active and satisfying sex lives together, and that their main reason for coming to the workshop was to expand their horizons and try new things.

Setting mood and cleansing were the first topics. Techniques for purifying their space, and preparing their bodies for pure loving were shared and discussed. Descriptions were frank and very sensual. Sheila wasn't the only one who found herself shifting her bottom on the sofa with the anticipation of the practice assignments they were being given. She smiled as she looked around and noticed that all of the men, Eamon included were sporting the tell tale bulge of erections.

The mentors explained that there would be some in person demonstration in later sessions, and couples were free to touch and do whatever they felt comfortable with while they were in the group. But for that session at least, the most explicit activity was a beautifully done and extremely erotic videotape of the mentor couple bathing each other using some of the techniques described.

At 9PM the couples were dismissed with candles, pure soap and oils and their assignments to prepare their space together, and then apply whatever mutual cleansing techniques appealed to them. The only specific request was that they try to make the ritual last for at least an hour, and if they could, that they try to use breathing and muscle tensing exercises to refrain from reaching orgasm for at least thirty minutes after initiating intercourse.

Sheila's groin was throbbing so intensely from the discussion that she was sure she'd explode just from walking to their room. Her the cotton gusset of her panties was damp, and her labia were swollen so that walking was a very sensual massage. She couldn't help blushing as she and Eamon followed the other couples up the steps. The fronts of all of the men's pants bulged in the same state. There was no doubt that every one was going to be enjoying what remained of their evening whether they were successful lasting the recommended time or not.

********

Inside their room Eamon sighed and immediately unzipped his fly. "Now I know why the recommended outfit for the next two days is boxers and t-shirts," he laughed.

"This is so cool honey!" Sheila exclaimed. "I'm so horny I'm going to explode."

"Definitely not a run of the mill weekend," Eamon nodded and stepped out of his pants. "So what's first?"

"Can you believe Nila and Paul?" Sheila stepped over to help Eamon with the buttons on his shirt, and cuddle against him. "They're so ordinary!"

Eamon had to smile. "What were you expecting?"

"I don't know? Hippies or movie star types I guess. I just didn't expect people like us," she answered wrapping her arms around his waist.

"Randy sex crazed old geezers like us huh?" Eamon patted Sheila's bottom. "Out of these now, we have homework. We don't want to end up in detention now do we?"

Their first task was to remove and neatly fold their clothes, and then prepare the bedroom for lovemaking. Each folded the other's clothes, and then placed the thick pillar candles on the bedside stands and the dresser on the far side of the room. The drapes were already drawn shut. Together they folded down and smoothed the sheets, and then placed the fresh gardenia flowers on their pillows. Sheila lit her candles first, and then Eamon lit his. With the bedroom ready, they stood at the end of the bed and embraced.

Eamon's skin felt hot and silky next to hers. The tip of his hard penis was damp against her stomach. "You are so amazing," Sheila whispered as she rested her cheek on his breastbone. Her eyelashes tickled the hairs on his chest.

"Never have wanted anyone but you sweet thing. You're everything I need, and then some," Eamon stroked Sheila's hair, and then captured her face between his palms so he could look into her eyes.

"Even when I loose my temper and create problems?" she asked, her question sincere and filled with wonder.

"Even then," he nodded.

They kissed and moved into the bathroom. Eamon started the water running in the tub, while Sheila set out the three remaining candles and lit them. Sheila chose the jasmine and sandalwood oils, and put two drops of each into the water filling the tub, and then poured a capful of jasmine scented bubbles into the flow. Eamon peeled the fresh bar of French milled soap, and laid out towels. Sheila laid the combs and razors on the vanity, and then they both stood back and surveyed everything.

"Looks like everything," Eamon suggested.

"I think so," Sheila agreed. Eamon switched off the lights, leaving their naked frames bathed and caressed by soft flickering tendrils candlelight. They stepped into the tub and eased down so they were seated facing each other. Each took a face cloth, and used it to rinse the other while the tub continued to fill.

As their mentor's recommended, Eamon let Sheila take the lead.

She washed his face first; gently abrading the skin with the wash cloth, and then lathering her hands and smoothing his cheeks and forehead in gentle but firm strokes. The stubble of his whiskers felt especially pleasing with the soft lather of soap acting as a lubricant for her palms and fingers.

"Gawd you're face is sexy!" Sheila sighed. Eamon simply smiled and kept his eyes closed while Sheila's hands ministered his skin. He was enjoying the process. When she rinsed off the lather, Sheila followed the rinse with kisses; first his forehead, and then his eyelids and his cheeks and chin, his ear lobes and the sensitive areas below them where she lingered, smiling when he shuddered and flushed with goose flesh. Before moving on to his chest and arms, Sheila kissed Eamon on the lips, and gave him her tongue in exchange for his.
