 We live in a college town in Missouri. My husband and I own two small tanning bed salons on each end of the University campus here. We have a pretty steady client business, but it definitely picks up a lot before spring break as everyone tries to get that base tan before they head down to the beaches.

As a whole, it is a pretty easy career. We sign people up for packages and then they come in, scan their card and head on back to the bed. All I really do is collect the money and then I have to disinfect the bed after someone lies and sweats in it. What I have learned though is just how horny college guys are. They can’t even go 13 minutes without jacking off. I know, because I empty the garbage cans. They usually clean up the bed pretty good, but the tell tale sign is the wadded up paper towels in the garbage that sometimes have the look of cum on them.

So about me, I am 43 years old and in pretty good shape. I am 5’4 and weigh 128 lbs. I have a pretty face, great tan, and a nice C cup on top. Scott, my husband, is a good lover and we have regular sex and I have never really felt an urge to be with another man.

Now when the peak season starts just before spring break, we keep one store open 24 hours. Scott and I take turns working the midnight shift every other night. I do a lot of reading and we have cable in there so it’s not too bad…especially when I see the numbers at the end of the month.

Working at the tanning salon, I see every shape, good bad, ugly and good looking. One young man who I always remembered was Carl. He is 19 years old and he plays football for the school team. Even though he is a great looking kid, it’s his personality that is his strongest characteristic. He always asks how my day is going and has a warm smile every time he comes in. On the looks side, he has it all. He is about 6’2 with sandy blond hair and has a very fit body that I have seen get bigger from the football workouts in the year that he has been coming to our store. 

Our store has 48 beds and all the rooms are small and private. Customers come in, head to their bed, apply tan accelerator lotion, and then hit the bed for 13 minutes.

One day, Carl came in a week before spring break and he had a cast from his elbow to his wrist. He told me that he had broken his wrist playing pick up basketball and that he now wasn’t going to go to spring break, because it would be too much of a pain between the beach, the pool, and the sand. He was upset, but I guess those are the breaks.

A few days went by, and then spring break officially started and the hustle and bustle of our college town had deteriorated to a ghost town. When 35,000 students get a break, they take off. Since the rush was over, we scaled back to our regular hours where we close at 11pm. 

It was 11:05 and I was cleaning up getting ready to leave when Carl showed up. “Sorry hon, but we closed at 11. We went back to regular hours.”

“Any way that I can get in for a quickee? I didn’t know and I need a pick me up. Please!! I’ll be quick and the bed will be spotless.”

“Yeah sure, come on in.”

As I was walking Carl back to his bed, he asked me if I knew of a way to get the lotion on his back, because he could only cover half his back with his good hand because of his cast. I didn’t know of a solution, but said, “Well, why don’t you have someone oil you up before you come in for now on. I guess I can do your back this time…off with the shirt.”

Carl, pulled his T shirt off and revealed a beautifully sculpted body. He had a great tan and very defined pecs with a nice stomach. This boy was definitely eating well and not missing his workouts.

I poured some lotion in my hand and started to run it into his back. His back was so hard. It was all muscle. I rubbed in a good layer, excused myself and let him do his thing.

As I got back to my cleaning, I kept thinking about that young studs hard body. Scott has a decent body, but it is much softer. I couldn’t wait to get home to it as I was feeling very horny all of a sudden.

Two nights later at around 10:30, in came Carl. I was actually happy to see him as I hadn’t had a customer in over an hour. 

“How ya doing Sally?” He said with a smile. “I am great and you? ….are you doing ok with all your friends on break?”

“Yeah, I’m getting by. I have been renting a bunch of movies, but getting two papers out of the way as well. The one thing is though, that I don’t have anyone to put lotion on my back. Any chance you could hook me up again?”

Now, putting lotion on people wasn’t part of my job description but Carl was nice and I felt bad for him so I said,” Head back to room #17 and I ‘ll meet you back there.”

When I got back to 17, Carl was standing there in a pair of blue boxer shorts struggling to put lotion on his left leg. My god, he did look good. Every part of him was so muscular. He finished up his leg and I picked up the bottle. I started in on his back and tonight I took a little longer. I was actually enjoying rubbing my hands on him. His skin was smooth and warm.

I could feel my pussy getting warm as well….I blushed as I realized it. I finished up his back and let him do his thing.

Once again, I was thinking about that boys body as I cleaned up the shop. God, I was so horny! It actually crossed my mind to go back in the office and stick my hand down my pants, but I knew I would be home soon enough and Scott could do it for me.

Two nights later, in walked Carl. Late at night again when he knew noone would be around.

“Can you lube me again?”

“Meet you in #31,” I said.

When I walked in, I stopped in my tracks. Carl was standing in a pair of white briefs with his back to me. He was rubbing oil on his chest and didn’t know I was there. I stared at his perfect ass for about 10 seconds before I announced my presence. He turned around to greet me,” You don’t care about the undies do you? It’s pretty much a speedo.”

“Come on, that’s bigger than a speedo,” I laughed. I looked down at his waist and could see the outline of the head of his cock through his shorts. It looked really big. I looked up and he was looking at me. His eyes darted away quickly as did mine and I poured some lotion in my palm. As I rubbed his back, my eyes were on his butt. It stuck out and looked so firm. The way it curved under those briefs was something I had never seen.

I finished his back, and said,” Want me to do the legs? Looks like you struggle a bit with those.”

That would be great,” he said as he widened his stance a bit. I knelt down and started on his calves. I started to move my hands higher until I was massaging his hamstrings right up to the bottom of his cheeks. I did both legs and asked him to turn around.

I was keeping my eyes low and I did his feet and shins. When I finally looked up, I was shocked! His cock was coming to life and pushing towards the ground. His big head was twice the size and sticking out a little. Anything I did here, ventured into new ground. I averted my eyes and started on his knees and thighs.

Carl was talking about the weather and business and whatever else insignificant he could think of, but all I could think of was this growing dick in his underwear. I slid my hands higher up coming inches from his dick head. I was going slow because I liked it, but also because I didn’t want to touch it by accident.

I couldn’t believe how big his dick looked from my vantage point. Scott had a bigger dick than any other I had ever had and his was about 7 inches….but his paled in comparison to this one. I really wanted to see it.

I finished on his legs and said, ”Did you do your arms yet? I might as well, since I am already greased up.” I stood up and he looked down at me as I ran my hands over his muscular arms. I know I was blushing and he was obviously nervous as well. I looked down and his cock was obviously stuck in the downward position and it was actually pulling his briefs down and out a little bit.

“I’m sorry about that,” he nervously chuckled as he nodded down to his cock. “Carl, I am old lady, I have seen those before, don’t worry. Are you uncomfortable? It looks like you may be heading in the wrong direction,” I laughed.

“That is probably the best direction for us…..it may not work out if it went another direction.” I know was oblivious to anything but this horsecock I was looking down at. His arms were all oiled up, but I still was rubbing them. I didn’t want it to be over. I loved my husband more than anything, but this was lust.

“Do you ever go naked in the bed Carl?”

“Yeah, sometimes….no white lines on this body!” With that, I reached out to his waist band and lightly grasped it. I pulled it out about an inch to inspect his tan lines and he was right.

“You are right, no tan lines here.” I could see the beginnings of his pubes as I held the waist band out. Without putting it back, I looked up at him, “Do you want me to put lotion down here to?”

Carl got a huge smile on his face and said,” Yes please.”

I grabbed the waist band on both sides of his hips and slid his underwear down slowly. Even his pubes were beautiful. Now I could see the base of his cock and wow, was it thick. It was my own personal tease show and I was in charge. I slid the underwear straight down and saw another inch every time I moved. Finally, as I could see the beginning of his head, I reached out with my left hand and took hold of his shaft and pulled the underwear down to his ankles. 

I couldn’t believe how thick and long and hard his dick was. It was looking right at me. I just stared at it. “OK, turn around,” I said as I released his wand. He turned and his cock bobbed in the air with each side step he took.

I was staring at the most beautiful hairless ass, I had ever seen. I reached out and cupped his firm cheeks. This was almost as good as his cock. I rubbed and kneaded his ass checks to my, as well I’m sure, to his delight. After I spent about 3 minutes on his butt, he turned around again.

I was staring at what had to be nine inches of thick hard cock on a rock hard body. Every once in a while, his cock would twitch, awaiting my touch. I sat in the chair next to the bed and he walked over to me. I reached out and started to put lotion around his pubes just staring at his cock. The veins were pushing against the skin. Finally, I cupped his big full balls with my left hand and reached out with my right and grabbed his shaft. I couldn’t believe the weight of his cock. There was so much. I got some more lotion and started to work it into his dick. I pumped slowly than faster than slow again.

Carl was breathing heavy and smiling, but he didn’t say much. “I can’t believe how big it is Carl. This is fucking huge. Does it feel good to you?”

“Yeah I can’t believe it…oooohh…yeahh…don’t stop.”

I pumped and pumped and now I wanted to see if I could get it in my mouth. I didn’t care about the lotion. I leaned forward as my hand kept stroking and I put the head in my mouth. I ran my tongue over the head as I slid my hand up and down. Carl started making some noises and I knew he was getting close. I went faster and faster until he started to twitch and I tasted some pre cum. I wanted to see this explosion, so I pulled back and pumped hard.

Suddenly, his dick started streaming cum. It hit me in the face, the hair, my shirt, everywhere. I was covered. I kept pumping and he kept cumming for about a minute. When he was done, I put his whole limp dick in my mouth and licked him clean. It wasn’t the best taste with cum and lotion, but I didn’t care.

When he was finally done, I still stared at his big full limp dick.

He jumped in the bed and did his thing and that was that….for that day.

Carl has been serviced by me probably 20 times now…always just a jerk and suck. I don’t think I’ll fuck him…..this is good enough for me.

The end

Ladies, please email me at the link below with your comments 