 I woke up Saturday morning, too keyed up to sleep any longer. I got dressed and made a cup of instant coffee, and grabbing a leftover pork chop from the fridge I ate it while putting on my shoes. 

I took my keys off of the counter, grabbed my fishing pole, and headed down the street in the morning sunlight to the canal across the highway. 

Living near Ft. Lauderdale had its distinct advantages. One was sunshine, and a comfortable climate year round. I had been to the beach several times on Thanksgiving, Christmas day, New Years, etc. 

Another advantage is the women. I'd taken two Yankee girls, one from Chicago, one from New York swimming in 80 degree weather while their home towns were buried deep in snow. I had gotten to bury my dick in both of them soon after.

And there is no shortage of hotties running around. Spring break is a time of the year when there is pretty much a stampede of hot horny women streaming into south Florida. And at work, I saw hot women all the time. From 18-80 I saw plenty of tits and ass every day. 

Which brings me to the third advantage. I'm a lawn and garden technician, a lawn mower man. I was cutting grass, which grows year round down here, when I was in high school. I started with a mower and a trimmer, made enough money to buy a beater truck, then a better mower and trimmer, then a helper. 

Soon I was riding a Harley to school, still no respect. "Go ahead and laugh at the lawn boy." I told some of my classmates. 

And they did, then when I bought my second truck and trailer and started seeing them around town, a few of them started to get it. 

I'd come in, mow the grass at the burger barn, wave to my classmates working the grill as I pocketed my money and then go to the next one in my brand new truck.

Not all of my classmates were assholes, mostly just the lawyer spawn, or the doctor larva. In fact, all five of my employees...who make really good money by the way. Are former classmates. We would take our three trucks, pair up, and hit the town each day. Monday through Friday. No weekends. 

We figured that one out really quick when it was just Bob and I. It seemed we sat around all weekend doing an occasional call. And we made lots of that green stuff, by cutting other green stuff. 

Which ties into the second advantage...chicks, remember?

We saw bikini clad women, topless women, and completely naked women every day. We saw women of every age, color and nationality. From bored housewives wanting to have a little fun showing off their boob jobs, and foreign women that went topless in their homes and back yards, to high school girls daring each other to flash or streak past us as they jumped into their swimming pools. Which is actually how Bob met his current girlfriend. 

Another thing that had happened recently was that we got a big contract to cut grass at a resort. 

We had arrived at a really big, Spanish style two story house Friday morning, a big, muscle bound guy named 'Big Dan', was in the front yard washing a green and black 69 Mustang, Mach One. Between my drooling and leering at his car, he told us a bit about it and then to start in the back yard. 

We walked along the 10 foot stucco covered brick wall and opened the back yard gate, and sitting by the pool was a young blonde lady. Slim, but curvy with 36 C's and a nice patch of yellow crotch hair. 

"Oh". She said looking up from her book. She sat up in the lounge chair and parted her legs, putting her feet on the ground on each side giving us quite a show. 

"Hi there, are you here for the grass, or are yards all you trim?" She asked seductively. 

Bob beat me to the punch, and said. "No ma'am, but today we're just here for the grass and hedges. "

"That was a better answer than I was expecting." said the big muscle bound guy standing behind us. Hells bells, I thought we were dead meat. 

The guy came around us and shook our hands. Still not knowing what was going on, I apologized for walking in on his wife. 

"No, that's my daughter. My wife's over there." He pointed to a naked 40 something blonde MILF that was coming out of the back door of the house. She and her daughter could have been twins.

He proceeded to tell us that we had in fact been given a test and that we had passed the first part. He invited us to sit down at a patio table next to his wife Monica and his daughter Tina and explained that he owned a resort that needed new gardeners. It was a little distracting sitting next to two beautiful naked women, especially when they started rubbing suntan oil on each other. 

But he told us that he had to severely beat his last gardener and his helper for attacking and trying to rape a guest at the nudist resort that he owned, and that he was looking for replacements. That got our attention. 

Monica and Tina had gone in and brought out sandwiches and cold drinks as Dan told us more about the job. He said he had asked around and that he had several of his clients recommend us. You remember the nude women that we saw all the time? Apparently they were friends and clients of his. 

He offered a very good deal, a lot more money than we usually made from our usual clients and service calls. Plus, we would be surrounded by nude women and men on a daily basis, as long as we didn't have a problem with seeing nude people and could still do our work, we wouldn't have a problem. 

Well, we didn't waste any time telling him how we didn't have a problem with nudity, and could work in any environment. We took a huddle and discussed the pro's and cons of such a job. We thought about all the if's and butts and came to the decision that we would take the contract. 

"That's great." Dan said. "Of course you have to pass the next test before anything is set in stone."

"So what's the next test?" I asked. 

"Why, mowing our yard of course." He said chuckling. 

We all laughed and Bob and I went out to the truck to get the trimmers and mower. 

"Holy crap! Did you see those tits?" Bob exclaimed, when we were at the truck. 

"Yeah, but which pair?" I replied laughing. 

"Yeah, they were both hot." Bob said. 

"Yeah, well I think the next test is going to involve them trying to distract us as we work. The chicks playing with them selves, Dan playing with his wife, nude cartwheels, something. So keep your head on straight." I warned. 

"Oh yeah, I got that impression." Bob said. 

We hauled our tools back around to the gate and walked through. Big Dan was naked, and we figured out why he was called "Big Dan". His wife was stroking his foot long dick as he motioned us into the back yard. 

"If you two would start by the palm in the corner, that would be awesome." Big Dan said. 

Monica stood, stepped over and straddled the lounge chair he was lying on and lowered herself onto the massive dick till her ass was resting on his balls, all in one swift motion, letting out a moan in the process. Tina was floating on an air mattress in the pool reading a magazine, seemingly oblivious to the spectacle of her parents fucking on a lounge chair ten feet away. 

It was hard, really hard to not gawk. But we did start cutting the grass, pruning the hedges, and trimming the edges. And, we had all of our fingers and toes when we were done. After we were finished, and had everything cleaned up and our tools put away, we went around back to talk about pay. 

Big Dan was sitting there with a very big grin on his face, while his wife sat beside him, looking very well and thoroughly fucked. 

"I want you to go home and think about my offer, call me by Sunday night. If you are interested, come out to the resort for a week so you can get acclimated. Bring a date if you'd like, or you can always meet somebody there." Big Dan said. 

* * * 

I cast out into the canal, I was using a twin tailed plastic grub on a spinner body that the bass just tear up. On the third cast I caught a nice six pound large mouth. Followed by two more a little ways down the bank. Then I heard a truck pull up behind me. 

"Hey shit-bird!" Came a call from behind me. 

"Hey puss nuts!" I replied without looking. 

Bob parked his truck and brought me a beer from the cooler in the back. 

"So, have you thought anymore about the offer from Big Dan?" He asked. 

"Yup, you?" I replied. 

"Jeez! only all the damned time!" He exclaimed laughing. 

"I'm thinking that I'm going to go for it. The money would be great, and the scenery even better." I said. 

"Well, I'm going to bring Carly. I talked to her about it and she got really turned on. You taking anyone?" Bob asked. 

"I haven't decided if I'm going to bring anybody, but I have a few ideas." I replied.

We talked for a few hours, caught some more fish, and parted with the plan that I would tell Big Dan that we would try it out. 

I walked back across the highway, and up the street to the house. As I was going into the back yard I heard crying from the yard next door. Which was Tanya's house. I walked over to her fence and knocked on her gate.

"Who is it?" she said between sniffs. 

"It's James." I said. 

"Oh, I'm fine." She said as she started crying harder. 

I opened the gate and saw her sitting at her patio table crying her eyes out. I walked over to her and put my arms around her. She hugged me tight and cried harder. After awhile, she let up and just sniffed. 

"What's the matter?" I asked. 

"My boyfriend...that asshole (sniff), He dumped me." She said. 

"What boyfriend?, Why would he dump you!" I asked. 

"I met him last week at a club, we had two dates that I thought went pretty well. (sniff), Then we were fooling around, and I took my shirt off and he got disgusted and started yelling to get away from him." She replied bursting into tears again. 

"What was he gay or something?" I asked. 

"No, he started yelling that I was...that I was FAT!" She exclaimed, crying harder. 

"Where?" I asked, incredulous. 

She made a whole body circular motion with her hand and said "Here, here, everywhere!"

"Bull shit!" I said. 

"What is?" She asked.

"Well for one thing, you are NOT fat, You have curves that most women would kill for." I said. 

"People always tell me that I should lose weight." She said. 

"Look at how you are dressed." I said, pointing at her. 

"What about it." She asked, unsure. 

"For one thing, you're wearing an oversized black T-shirt, and shorts. There's nothing to accentuate, or compliment your form." I said. 

"Come here." I said. 

I picked her up in one swift motion, one hand on her back and one hand under her legs. I swept her off her feet and she let out a squeak. 

"Oh my god! Put me down before you hurt yourself!" She yelled. 

"You're no heavier than any other girl." I replied as I kissed her full on the mouth. She hesitated only a moment then responded with a long lingering kiss. 

I put her down and turned her around. I wrapped my arms around her, rubbing over her sides, belly and under each breast. She didn't stop me, and I ended cupping both of her big tits as I nuzzled the back of her neck. I turned her around and took her T-shirt and lifted it up over her huge tits, off her head and tossed it aside. 

I sat down in the chair again and pulled down the cotton shorts off of her shapely hips, curvy ass and tanned legs. She had legs like a gymnast, and her pussy was as smooth as silk. 

She was not skinny, no ribs were showing and she didn't have stick figure limbs. She was curvy in all the right places with a very nice hourglass figure. Her tits were perfect, 44G's with 3 inch areolas, topped with grape sized nipples. 

"I think that guy must've been pure stupid to run out on this. You have the most incredible body I've ever seen." I said approvingly, standing back up.

"You...really think so?" She asked.

"I know so." I said as I leaned forward and took a nipple from one of her big tits and sucked it into my mouth. I grabbed the other and rolled it between my fingers. 

Then I reached down between her legs to rub her bare pussy and found that she was already incredibly wet. I rubbed her clit and then put in a finger, then another. Then she pushed my head up, and pushed away my hand and turned to walk away.

"Follow!" She said turning, and took my hand. 

She led me into the back door, and into the house. She led me to her bedroom and turned to take my shorts and pants down. I already had my shirt off and I pushed her back on the bed. I laid over her propped on my left elbow, kissing her and rubbing her left boob. I then crawled back down between her legs and started licking her waxed smooth pussy. 

She was incredibly wet and free flowing now as I licked her clit and fingered her pussy. I turned my palm up and made a "come hither" motion with my fingers on her G spot until she came. She came in a rush and was moaning as her fluids were squirting me in my mouth and chin. 

This was amazing, my dream girl had just cum all over my face, and now I was going to fuck the hell out of her. 

I crawled back up, and kissed her on the lips, her tongue exploring my mouth and licking her cum off my chin. I reached down and put the head of my dick at her warm moist entrance and gently pushed in. She gasped as I slid in , then back out, then with a rhythm, going deeper until we were completely joined together. 

I sat there a moment and reached down with my mouth and gave her a kiss. Then I started fucking her slowly, then faster. She made soft mewling sounds at first, then gasps and moans as she neared another orgasm. 

I was trying to last but it was very difficult as well as distracting to see her huge tits flopping around on her chest as I pounded into her. 

"Oh my God, I'm close." She gasped. 

"Pinch your nipples." I said. 

She grabbed her flopping tits, and then started twisting her grape sized nipples in her fingers. They were still moving around pretty good despite her holding her nipples. The sight of rippling tit flesh, and her tight wet pussy was more than I could handle and I shot my load into her with a groan and a roar. 

I felt like I had cum a whole bucket full, my dick was throbbing so hard inside of her that she came as I did. I grabbed her shoulders and held on as her hips bucked against me and her arms squeezed me into her. 

It was an hour later that we woke and the sunset lit up the room through the sheer curtains. I was on my back and she was laying on my left. Her head was on my chest and her left leg was wrapped around mine. I probably could've stayed there forever. 

I kissed her, and we stayed like that for a few more minutes when my stomach growled. She giggled and kissed me back. 

"Hungry?" she asked.

"I just got finished making love to the most beautiful woman I've ever met, I could eat a dinosaur claws and all." I replied. 

I saw a tear forming...so I kissed her. 

"How about we go get a steak, and I can tell you about a new job I'm starting." I said.