 I woke up to my girlfriend slowly bobbing on my cock, licking around the head then teasing the slit before slurping it back into her mouth, trying to suck my balls through the shaft. "That's a hell of a way to wake up." before realizing I couldn't move my arms. "What the fuck?" and twisted to see that she'd cuffed them to the bedposts. Through my struggles, Tanya kept sucking. Oh well, it felt great and she seemed to like it when I tied her up so I settled back to enjoy.

Her long blonde hair covered my crotch so I couldn't see anything and where it lay on my stomach kind of tickled but also seemed to be a light caress. It all felt incredible and I wasn't going to last too long. I mean, I could but I didn't want to.

When she started moaning, the vibrations, felt so good...I moaned as well. It wouldn't be long.

I started thrusting my hips up to get her to take me deeper but using the hands that never left my thighs, she resisted and kept only the very tip in her mouth. I liked watching her take my dick in her mouth and how she sometimes struggled to take me to the base. That felt pretty great too.

Tanya knew I was close and granted me a little mercy by taking the entire crown into her hot mouth as the tip of her tongue flicked the underside, driving me crazy!

My sperm started their slow journey as my cock grew harder. I was going to fill her mouth with so much jizz that, if she didn't swallow fast enough, it would flood from her lips to puddle at the base and coat my balls. I loved when that happened, she'd take her time cleaning me up, licking and slurping pools of cum before chasing the trails across my sack and then, sometimes, just to make sure I was clean, I'd feel her tongue dig into my ass, as if somehow my cum had found its way inside.

"Get ready, baby." I think this was the best blowjob she'd ever given me! Even though she fought against taking me deeper, my hips moved on their own. The groan that was to accompany my cum had almost started when she stopped and climbed off the bed! Shocked, my cock throbbed and jerked in the air, trying to get that last bit of stimulation so it could release its boiling load!

Standing nude by the side of the bed, Tanya brushed the hair away from her face before leaning in to give me sloppy kiss, thrusting her tongue deep then stood and slowly walked out of the room. Knowing I loved her bubble butt with sharp tan lines, she paused in the doorway, shaking it a final time before leaving me alone to struggle against the restraints.

Calling out to her didn't work; I refused to scream. Struggling didn't free me either. When I bought the bed I had joked that I could use the thick posts to tie her up and she'd grabbed my dick right there in the showroom, rubbing it whenever the salesman wasn't watching. I returned the favor of my erection by unhooking her front clasp bra, causing her to laugh before excusing herself. When she returned she stuffed her bra in my back pocket.

Tanya has great tits, a large D, and when unsupported, sagged just enough to show they were 100% real. She was wearing a dark blue halter top that fit snuggly and her hard little nipples were poking through. We both saw the sales guy trying not get caught staring at them. This just caused Tanya to walk ahead of us as we look at other furniture. Whenever she saw something we might like (and a lot of what we didn't) she would turn back to us. I openly watched her tits jiggle and she'd stare at our helper and ask all kinds of questions.

We definitely made his day with all the furniture we bought. Or maybe it was when he caught me standing behind Tanya with my hands cupping her bare breasts as I kissed her neck! Tanya had struggled when I first pulled her top down but stopped so as not to draw his attention. I didn't care who saw us at that point. She finally gave up when he turned around and stopped in mid-sentence. I have to give it to him, he only watched me massage her tits for a few seconds before telling us we couldn't do that in the store! He was about to ask us to leave when I told him the pieces we'd buy and the commission dollar signs won out over our improper behavior.

Tanya blew me on the way home and I filled her mouth at a stoplight. Sitting back, she opened her mouth to show off my cum and a trickle drooled out but she used her finger to push it back in. Swallowing a couple of times she showed me it was all gone before giving me a kiss. "I wish you'd make me cum, too." Pushing her shorts and panties off, "I'm about ready to pop!" The streetlight were bright enough that I could see her slip a couple of fingers into her slit before pulling them out to tease her clit.

Not one to waste a great opportunity, I drove over to a park that was near our new home. Finding a fairly dark place to park under a burnt-out lamp, I told her to get out.

Wide-eyed, she did as I asked and I met her at the front of the truck. "Take off you top and shoes." With a glance around, Tanya did as I told her and was soon nude before me. "You want to cum?""

"Yeah, please?"

Grabbing her at the waist, she yelped as I lifted her so that she was sitting on the hood. "Do it. Finger your tight little twat." She begged me to help but I warned her that I was leaving if she didn't get started and that she'd have to find her own way home.

Tanya wasn't shy at all but she liked to act it. Me 'making' her masturbate in the park just added to her fire. Tweaking her nipples, she lay back and slid a finger down to rub her nubbin. I grabbed her feet and placed them on the hood so that her legs fell open to expose a gash that was so wet I was surprised it wasn't running down the front of my truck. "I don't see any fingers in that gaping twat." I growled.

"I don't want to get caught." she whined.

"Do you think I care who sees you? If you want to get off, get to it or I'm leaving you here. Maybe you can make it home without being seen. One."

"...but.."

"Two."

Her hand slid down. "Three." Her middle two fingers plunged inside and her back arched off my truck as she groaned.

Tanya was sopping and when she started to hammer her fingers in and out, we both heard the smacking of her fingers against her wet pussy. When she was getting close I told her to rub her clit then slapped her empty pussy causing her to cry out! Before she could recover, I leaned in and buried my tongue in her juicy cunt, lapping at her juices as she pinched her clit and came with a scream!

Giving her almost no time to recover, I grabbed her limp body and all-but threw her into the truck before jumping in and speeding home.

The garage door hadn't even closed before she was leaning against the truck, masturbating wildly until I came over to help. Getting her off again she slid to the floor of the garage. Laying there she asked me cum on her as she continued to finger fuck herself.

I slowly took off my clothes until I was as naked as she then placed a foot on either side of her hips and started jerking.

Tanya has a deep, sultry voice that could almost get me hard reading a menu but when she got worked up, her mouth could spew out some of the filthiest ideas! She kept telling me how much she loved my cock, how much it stretched her pussy and how it hurt her butt for days after I'd sodomized her. Seeing my reaction to that, she rolled over and thrust her ass in the air while looking over her shoulder at me. I watched as her fingers slipped up from underneath, wet from her pussy and spread the juice on her asshole before tapping it gently. "You like fucking me in the ass, don't you? Stretching my butthole on your huge cock, making it hurt so good as you use my body." 

When she slipped a finger in, easily, I groaned. "I used to be so tight but look what you've done to me...two fingers just slide right in! Oh that feels so good!" Using her other hand to pull her cheeks open she continued plunging her fingers into her back hole. I was about to cum when she begged, "Cum on me! Cum on my little butthole, please, Brett?" I nodded, breathing hard, I got behind her to aim. "Cum, baby, cum and then fuck my ass with your cum-lube!" My cockhead was so close to her ass that her knuckles were bumping it as she hammered away at her pliant hole. With a roar, the first blast splattered against the back of her hand! Quickly moving her hand to her other check, she spread her crack open and I saw her asshole wink as my cock coughed up more ball-snot. Some of it landed on her star, some on her back, one huge spurt landed on the side of her face, in her hair and on her shoulder. Tanya just laughed!

I was still hard after cumming so I rubbed my cock along her crack, coating my shaft in cum then pushed it into her ass! "UUUUNNNNNGGGGGHHH!! BUTTFUCK ME!" she screamed!

I watched as her cum-coated ring stretched open and my shaft sank into her bowels. In one long, slow push, I was fully seated in her colon. Holding still for a moment to enjoy the sensation, I started to withdraw - there is just something about how an asshole clings to a cock as it's pulled out. Stopping as my dick was almost free, I thrust back in until I bottomed out, again. Tanya grunted.

Repeating my trip, I slowly drew it out before solidly planting it deep then started to pick up the pace. Soon I was pounding her pretty hard, pulling her ass towards me as I slammed forward. Tanya's mouth had pretty much given up other than issuing grunts, the occasional 'FUCK' or a throaty groan as she came!

My third cum of the night was building and she was such a loose hole by that time I just pulled out and stood over her body, jerking off until I shot a bigger load than I expected! Most of it landed on her side; one small burst splashed into her armpit. Shaking my dick free of any clinging cum, I stretched and shook myself before going inside for a shower, leaving her on the garage floor. I woke up later that night with her nursing my cock to harness and we made love with her riding me until we both got off.

Of course none of that helped. I was still tied to the bed and my dick was drooling pre-cum FUCK! Tanya must have sensed I had given up and poked her head in while talking on the phone to one of her airhead friends.

"Hey, Kerry, hang on. Let me call you back in a few." Still naked, she walked back over to the bed. "You look pretty tasty." licking her lips.

"I'm not going anywhere." And waggled my dick.

"You're right." as she took a couple of pictures of me then a couple more close-ups of just my dick. Crawling up to lay next to me she showed them to me. "I think Kerry would like this one...how about you?" it was a picture of my cock, angry red with a strand of pre-cum attached at the head and the drop was almost touching the puddle on my groin. She tapped out a message then sent it. "There."

I'm not ashamed of my body and I've got a nice dick but I've never been all that big on showing it off. On the other hand, Kerry was the one friend Tanya had that I lusted after. Not that I'd ever cheat on Tanya but I've had several intense masturbation sessions thinking about her.

Tanya knew all this. We were open with all of our fantasies. It hadn't easy but it was worth it. Our sex life had been pretty tame at first. Nothing to complain about but nothing to write about either. That changed one night when we were watching a DVD that I had forgotten I even had! Tanya gave me all kinds of shit after finding it until I agreed to watch it with her.

Tanya wasn't innocent but she wasn't all that experienced either. Her argument was that maybe the movie would give her some ideas and maybe it would loosen her up. Her argument, not mine. She'd told me that she'd watched a porno with some of her girlfriends and they all laughed about it. Come to find out it was a cable porn, so no, not real porn!

We went out that night and I told her to wear something sexy to go dancing in. I'm not a great dancer but I didn't need to be, she was. And she loved it. I picked her up and she was wearing a burgundy summer dress and heels. I told her she looked wonderful and gave her kiss, copping a feel of her ass. I teased her that she'd look even better with no underwear; she laughed telling me I was a naughty boy.

We ended up back at my place, in bed, with her on top, reverse cowgirl. This allowed me to watch her incredible butt go up and down. Sometimes she would lean forward to rub some spot inside a little bit more and I would be blessed with the sight of her tight little pink star. This was probably the wildest position we tried. Both of us were pretty vanilla, but then there was that forbidden ring.

I was gazing at it, trying to figure out how I was going to get her to let me touch her back there, again. The first time I touched it, she pushed my hand away, the second time, the same. The third and she said "Stop. Don't do that." I did as she asked. I'm a lot of things but I won't force a woman no matter what it sounds like. That had been a few weeks ago.

This was going through my mind when she suddenly said, "HEY! We forgot about that DVD! Can we watch it?" and jumped off me to grab it off the dresser as my pecker swung back and smacked my stomach.

What was I going to say? I knew what was on it and thought she might freak out a little. Again, I tried to steer her away from the DVD but she wasn't going for it. So, with a final warning, we went to the living room and popped it in. Tanya curled up next to me on the couch as I turned it on.

Almost immediately we were bombarded with excerpts of the movie. Not all scenes had anal but the ones that did were pretty hot!

Tanya moved to sit on the edge of the couch and watched the first scene, a hot little brunette came home from school and was showering after cheerleading practice when her boyfriend snuck in. One thing led to another and pretty soon they were going at it in the shower. When he announced that he was going to cum, the girl dropped to her knees and stared adoringly at his dick and he jerked it off until her came on her face. The scene ended with the camera zooming in on the girl sucking the wilting dick with one eye plastered shut.

Reaching out, I put my hand on Tanya's back and she jumped! Just when she was about to say something, the next scene started. It was my favorite. The blonde had huge fake tits and an itty-bitty ass. She sucked cock so well I could almost cum just from watching her! Every scene I'd ever seen her in had her with guys that had HUGE cocks and she always took it in the butt.

The scene went pretty much as expected, and my cock was drooling enough that I needed to get a towel. When I returned, the slut was on her back and the guy was plowing her cunt like he had something to prove! Break time, he pulled out and she dutifully scrambled to suck his prick while he moved to sit on the couch, where she swallowed him all the way to the root!

Settled, he slapped her face and she pulled her throat off his hog and stood up. Turning to face the camera, she straddled him and then, holding his meat upright, lowered herself to take it all the way down.

If I touched myself, I knew I was going to blow, I hoped I made it!

Tanya hadn't moved, she was just staring at the screen, for all I knew, getting ready to freak out.

Blondie had had enough so she stood up, bent over double and starting sucking cock while the gut just lay back and took it.

I knew what was coming.

Squatting, she reach down and positioned the head at her asshole then started forcing herself down, onto it. I know some porn starlets can act but there is no way she could fake the way her body reacted; she loved it! Settling down, she ground her ass into the guy's crotch, stirring his dick in her butt before she started to fuck him. Every time I saw that scene, it amazed me how easily and how hard she took it.

I hadn't quite forgotten Tanya but my focus was on the blonde on the TV. "You want to do that to me, don't you?"

What do you say to that?

She touched my cock and it SPEWED! Cum flew everywhere! The she started jacking me off! Seconds later I was empty but still hard while her hand and forearm were covered in jizz. She didn't see the towel I had as she looked around for someplace to wipe my cum then just wiped it off on her stomach before crawling on top of me. "Fuck me." and sank the hottest, wettest, pussy down onto my cock I had ever felt!

She came when she hit bottom and ground her clit against my pelvis as she made the most wonderful noises! 

After her orgasm receded, Tanya started to move a little but she wasn't used to the position so I had to cup her cheeks and help her rise before letting her slam back down! She started to cum again and it didn't seemed like she never stopped! I wasn't sure how many times she'd gotten off but finally fell forward and I ground myself up, into her. I was still holding her butt to make sure I didn't throw her off when she put her hand on mine and moved it a little deeper into her crease.

Lowering her head for a kiss, we swapped spit as she rode out her latest then, panting, "Please?"

It took about two nanoseconds to figure out what she wanted.

Moving my middle finger so very slowly, I reached the outer-most edge of her pucker and gently rubbed. "UUUUUUHHHH, UUUUUHHHHH, UUUUUUUNNNNNNGGGHHH!" I was doing something right. I kept rubbing and slowly moved closer causing her moans to get louder and deeper. I finally reached the center and gently pushed in, lubed with sweat, my finger probed just inside the first band and I thought she wet herself! Then it felt like her already tight cooter got about three sizes smaller and tried to rip my dick off!

I kept at it until her sphincter clamped shut and pushed my finger out! I hadn't realized that I had been holding back but with my finger free, my dick woke up and cum gushed into her! 

Exhausted, I released her and she slid off to the side. We were both hot and sweaty and pretty much satisfied, so much so that we almost fell asleep.

It was only a short rest that lasted until I needed to do 'stuff'. I staggered to the kitchen and she went off to the bathroom. A few minutes later we traded. I decided to take a shower but thought she might want to clean up as well. Turning on the water, I went to find her.

Tanya was watching the DVD that was still playing. The scene started with a girl walking through a park. She was wearing a dress, sandals, and sunglasses. And it was a windy day. It was innocent at first. The wind caught the dress and guy she hadn't seen happened to see her panties. She looked around and, not seeing anyone, decided that she didn't need her panties anymore so she took them off and hung them on a tree as she walked by. The stalker quickly grabbed them then started sniffing them. Miss Innocent then decided that her bra was way to confining! So it came off as well and was lost to another tree. Of course, being naked under her clothes (aren't we all?) she started to get a little frisky. Again, looking around to make sure she was alone, the dress dropped to the ground as she walked away.

Relishing her freedom, she did what all girls do when naked in public: cartwheels, jumping jacks, and the splits! Exhausted and hot from her workout, she decided to go for a quick dip then, to cool off before laying back on the shore of the lake and had a pretty intense jill-off session.

Mr Perv watched from afar, still sniffing her panties with a hand in his pants. The closer she got to getting off, the closer he got! Soon he was standing pretty much on top of her as she writhed in the throes of a humongous orgasm and he popped wee-willy out and started going to town! She was licking her fingers clean and rubbing her body with the other hand when he shot off all over her! She got up screaming and ran away, tits and ass jiggling all the way...CUT

Tanya was bent over by that time as she rubbed herself. "You liked that?" I asked.
