 "The closer to the bone, the sweeter the meat"

-

He was hot. And he was nice. Tanya liked him right off. When he spoke to her she was impressed and when he asked her out she was on cloud nine. She was between relationships and having the attention of a good looking cultured man was an unexpected bonus to a solitary lunch in the park. 

He arrived at her door right on time for their first date and he was immaculately dressed. "Smart casual," she thought. "Expensive. Relaxed. Tasteful." 

He helped her with her coat and she felt like a princess. She was grateful that there were other people there from her condo building to witness him graciously taking her arm to shepherd her into the elevator. She was glad she'd taken the extra time getting ready. Her hair was a thick auburn mane, stylishly cut, and carefully coiffed to bounce softly around her bare shoulders. She knew that the cut her dress was ideal, carefully chosen to draw attention away from her small breasts and onto her best assets -- her legs and behind. 

The cool night air reminded her of how short her skirt really was. Gliding elegantly beside him, careful in her 4-inch heels, the black jersey felt snug across her shapely bottom. She wanted to look her best for him and hoped it didn't look too brash or slutty. Cradled by his confidence, and utterly safe under his protection, she felt relaxed and secure beside him,

The restaurant he chose was elegant, the service great and the food exceptional. He ordered for both of them and chose a bottle of Zinfandel that was like sweet velvet on the tongue. He was attentive in topping up her glass and the giddy tinkle of her own laughter made her realise that she had lost track of how much she'd had to drink. 

Comfortably chattering away, answering his questions, she felt delighted that he was interested in her and her mundane life. He complimented her frequently, making her feel pretty and special. When he said she had the legs of a dancer, she blushed, glad she had opted for the mini and relieved that he wasn't another sophomoric boob lover. She sipped away at her wine growing more relaxed and pleased with him, thankful that he was preoccupied with her legs.

"Did you go to high school her in Critchly? He asked.

"At Lincoln," Tanya replied, "Just near Riverside Park."

"I bet you had all the boys chasing you," he smiled.

"Not really," she allowed. "I was a late bloomer."

"How so?" he pressed.

Tanya could feel her face coloring while he stared deep into her eyes. She'd blundered into an area that she seldom reflected on, and one that still brought her considerable discomfort.

"What ... sorry...what were you asking? I lost my train of thought for a minute."

"I was asking in what way were you a late bloomer."

His eyes seemed to drop below her neckline when he asked her and she thought she detected a slight smirk.

Color rushed to her cheeks and she stammered defensively, "Nothing. No ... I didn't mean anything, really." She desperately tried to regain the comfort zone that had existed moments before and she was grateful when he changed the subject and suggested they order a nightcap.

Tanya grasped the opportunity to escape to the washroom to touch up her makeup and regain her composure. When she returned a green apple martini sat waiting for her and she raised it in a toast to a lovely evening. Robert watched amused as she took a large swallow from the glass.

The string trio finished their set about the time Tanya finished her drink. She felt a little queasy and was amazed at how the drinks had crept up on her so quickly. She tried to recall how many glasses of wine she'd had, but her mind didn't want to focus. Her lips felt numb and her legs were rubbery. The last martini had gone down too easily. There was a tightness in her scalp that told her she'd had too much. Her own voice seemed tinny and far away and she leaned against him as he helped her through the door into the parking lot. 

The streetlights were large blobs of light that hurt her eyes and she cast them low looking at the pavement and letting him steer her to his black Escalade. One of her shoes came off and he picked it up and stuffed it in his pocket while she hobbled to keep up. She had trouble climbing in and felt him put his hands on her bottom and lift her up onto the seat. Her head was spinning and everything seemed to be separated from her by a narrow, dark tunnel. 

She must have dozed on the way and leaned groggily against him while he fiddled with her keys and let them into her apartment. She sank down heavily on the bed and felt the coolness of the sheets and the softness of the pillow beneath her. A tug on her dress and zipper brought a mumbled protest, her voice disconnected, pleading through the shrinking tunnel of semi consciousness "It's all right... thank you... I can manage. I just need to put my head down..."

He didn't listen and her thoughts wouldn't come together to express the embarrassment she felt being undressed by him, a virtual stranger. Her hands flew up to cover her chest when she felt the cool air on her nipples. She cursed the dress being too tight to allow the padded bra she always wore. The dress was gone now and Tanya rolled onto her stomach. Her hands flattened out on her chest protecting not what she had but what nature had forgotten, shielding her flat chest from his eyes. No man had ever seen her topless since elementary school and the shame she felt was biting. Drunk as she was, a deep pink flush still darkened her cheeks and spread down onto her neck and chest signalling her embarrassment. 

She felt him tug at her elbow, first encouraging, and then insisting that she turn over. 

Tanya tucked her arms in tighter refusing his direction, almost panicked by the suggestion. She felt his fingers test the waistband on her panties. He smiled to himself when she tensed and tried to shrug his hands away. 

The panties were cut high on the hips and he ripped the thin band of fabric on each side at its narrowest point and pulled the torn remnant off between her legs. 

She whimpered and tried to hunker down into the softness of the bed. Patiently he unhooked her stockings and rolled each one down and off her legs. The lace garter belt had three hooks and eyelets in the back and he easily undid them and tugged off her last remaining garment. She was naked and shaking, unable to hide her beautiful bum from his eyes and unwilling to let him catch any glimpse of the girlish bumps of her bosom.

"Turn over Tanya," he commanded. "Let me see you."

"Nooo!" she squealed. "Just go! Leave me alone!"

"You're embarrassed," he laughed, enjoying her discomfort. 

No answer seemed appropriate and she couldn't dig one out of her foggy brain. His strong hands gripped her shoulders and he flipped her onto her back. Her palms covered her breasts but he caught her wrists and tugged them over her head.

"Nooo!" she squealed as he stared down at her under-developed boobs. "Don't look at me!"

He laughed then. Not the kind, generous chuckle that had delighted her through dinner. He was clearly enjoying her embarrassment. He dropped his face onto her chest and teased her nipple with the roughness of his beard. 

"I've seen bigger tits on young boys" he muttered cruelly. 

She whimpered and he nipped her swollen nipple between his teeth. She arched up to shake him off but his weight laying across was too much for her. He kept her there, pinned and exposed, unable to shield her underdeveloped chest from his mocking gaze. Her nipples were like pink rubber knobs sticking up from the flat plane of her chest. He licked them and the wetness felt cool. Then he bit one and made her cry out which seemed to amuse him. For some reason she blurted "I'm sorry..." as if it was her fault for being so flat chested. 

To her horror he held her trapped hands in one of his while he fumbled with his cell phone. The clicking of the camera made her draw her breath in humiliation. Too late she tried to turn her head but several shots captured both her face and her titlessness. He let go and leaned back, admonishing her not to move. "I want to show your cunt hair in the picture too, so nobody thinks you're a little girlwhen they see those tits." He snickered. 

"You can't show those to anyone!" she begged in near panic. 

His laughter made his intentions obvious.

"Please. No one can see them," she pleaded.

He was kneeling between her legs keeping them apart with his own; her uncovered sex moist and puffy, the lips already ajar from arousal. The hair above her mound was neatly trimmed into a heart that reached to the top of the freshly denuded lips. "Is that for me?" he asked. "You shave it like that for our date?"

Tanya was embarrassed again that it was so obvious. She'd thought to distract him down there so her tiny breasts would never be an issue. In high school she'd pre-empt "first base" by giving blow jobs to her dates. They'd feel her ass and pussy while she lay across their laps. If she felt in danger of having her flat chest discovered she'd take the initiative and divert her date's attention with her willingness to suck. It always worked. Her tiny breasts may not have been the talk of her high school, but her talented cocksucking definitely was.

He unzipped his pants and placed her hand on the opening while she watched. It was obvious what he wanted and she reached inside to touch his erect cock. He wore no underwear and her touch fell on hot damp flesh immediately. Her fingers wrapped around the shaft and the smooth knob rested in her palm. My god he was small! Her fingers completely enveloped him. When she drew him out through the zipper opening she could see that he was barely four inches and not very thick. She squeezed the shaft and tweaked his balls no bigger than strawberries in a tight sack.

"Come here little boy," she teased, pulling him forward onto her. There was only room for three fingers as she stroked his little cock. He arched his back trying to make the most of what he had but she giggled and mocked his length. 

"Does it get bigger when you're hard?" she tittered mercilessly.

"I am hard!" he snapped defensively and immediately wished he hadn't. Her derision shook his confidence and his tiny member lost some of its firmness.

He felt her hands leave his cock and go to his shoulders pushing him lower and he took the opportunity to save face.

His head nestled between her legs and his tongue probed between the smoothly shaved lips. Finding her clit caused her hips to convulse pounding her pubic bone against his lip. Her fingers threaded into his hair pulling his head firmly against her well lubricated slit. 

"Use your tongue little prick," she taunted, grinding herself against his open mouth. 

His hands cupped her shapely bum and his fingers separated the cheeks creeping in to play with the pinky beige opening between them. She squirmed to protect her exposed bum hole but he held firm and an insistent finger popped past her sphincter. She pounded her pelvis up again bruising his lips in her attempt to escape but he pushed deeper past the second knuckle and the initial discomfort turned to a humiliating pleasure. 

He was deliberately noisy as he sucked and licked and she was unable to control the gasps and squeals that she inadvertently uttered. He withdrew the finger of his left hand from her bum and replaced it with the thumb of his right hand turning the palm so the four fingers could push into her cunt. His lips descended on her clitoris licking and sucking until it was fully distended. Her body tensed momentarily before paroxysms of pleasure shook through her tortured groin. 

For long seconds her body shuddered in tremens while her voice screamed out her pleasure. "Aaaiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!! Fuck...ooh fuck!! Oohhh god....ooooohhhh god!!!" before she collapsed back on the bed moaning."No...No! ...No more...Please stop...Too sensitive.... Stop pleeeease!" 

But he didn't stop. Instead he gathered her legs folding them back against her chest. His tiny cock now rigid with lust ploughed through her saturated cunt nudging against her tender clit making her whimper for mercy on every push. 

"Let me suck you," she begged. "I'll suck you off. I'm too tender down there..."

Without warning he pulled back slightly and slipped his cock into her bum. She jerked spasmodically but his little pecker lit fires of pleasure just inside her anal passage. There was no pain only the forbidden sensation that had her mewling with delight. 

Before long, her own fingers descended across her belly at first to protect her tortured clit but then to coax it gently back to life. She rubbed beside it respecting the sensitivity but eliciting the glorious feelings. 

"Play with your cunt you little whore," she heard him say through the rapture she was feeling and then her own voice urging him to "Fuck my bum...fuck my ass with your little cock." 

Her second orgasm triggered his. As she shrieked and rubbed he ejaculated on her busy fingers. In the exhausted aftermath he guided her hand into her mouth and watched lick the cocktail of cum and her own pussy juice from her fingers. He held his own coated fingers against her face making her smell the pungent scent of her cunt. Her kissed her and she licked his face until the musky aroma and illicit tastes filled her senses. 

"I love your little tits," he whispered. 

"And I love your tiny cock," she smiled back.

--30 --