 Characters:

Tanya

Jimmy : Tanya's husband

Chandni: Tanya's stepdaughter 

Mohini: Chandni's birth mother. Dead. 

Tanya was lounging when Chandni came up to her and snuggled beside her on the sofa. The past few weeks, they have gradually come closer. Chandni had even started calling her 'Mummy' like her kids. She used to call Mohini 'Ma' so there was no tarnishing her memories.

"Mummy do you remember Ma?"

"Yes... It was a long time ago. And I have laid with many men and women since. But she had imprinted herself in a special corner of my memory. She was special."

Tanya's PoV:

I had just finished school. Jimmy and I decided to visit the Junglemahal. It's a different place, a simple place. Nestled among forests and mountains, we lived in a small bungalow. It was a Nilkuthi, an Irishman had built it. Mohini used to come in the morning and bring fresh vegetables and meat from the village. She was not a maid, she was like our portal to that odd world that surrounded us, a world inside the forests. She lived in the tribal village, beside the stream. Her mother had died in childbirth, her birth. Her father, a gunin, would spend his life looking for herbs in the forest.

Jimmy and I were young and away from everyone else for the first time. We would spend a lot of time in sex. But after a week, we were running out of ideas. That's when I came with the idea: let us be primitive people of the forest. It was an exciting roleplay, only we couldn't break our social conditioning. That's when I consulted Mohini. She said, she has a herb that is aphrodisiac and she knows a prayer that makes the spirit of sex happy. We were curious, we invited her to show us. She agreed. It was a full moon night. The whole day, she spent crushing some herbs and berries.

Then as evening set in, she brought three glasses. There was weird liquid in it, some juice of the berry mixed in mahua. She told we need to strip naked. Jimmy was apprehensive of being nude in front of her, but we encouraged and goaded him. Then Mohini applied some paste on his cock and asked me to do the same. Then we applied it to our breasts. It felt like a pain ointment, there was a cooling and soothing effect. Then she burnt some herbs and smoke filled the room. A sweet heady smell engulfed us.

Mohini was enchanting some mantras while we seeped in that drink. The heat was making us sweat, but there was a heat inside us too. We were getting into a trance where nothing existed, nothing mattered. Only our fellow roommates shined through the smoke.  

Mohini told us a story. When the first man and the first woman fell in love with each other, they wanted a baby. They had no idea of sex. Then an enchantress came and taught them. She gave them the herb and taught them the ancient mantra. That night Mohini was the enchantress.

A strange feeling engulfed my body, as if I needed something more to survive. My hands roved all over my body in search of that emptiness but failed. Jimmy too said later, that he too felt the same, the same desire, the same need, the same lacking. Then Mohini came between us and brought us together. When we put our hands on each other, we felt closer to filling that need. Then Jimmy's hand touched my breasts. My breasts burned with his touch, my nipples perky and felt like they were being tortured with pins. My hands then touched his penis. It was longer and harder than ever before. It burned in my hand, I felt I held the universe there. Mohini's body was crushed between us as we came closer and closer. Then she stood up, her cunt at the level of our mouths. We both licked at it, as if our life depended on that. Her juices coated our faces, our hair wet with sweat. As she slowly laid down in front of us we explored her body. She was writhing with our administrations and we too dripped from desire. My juices were running down my thighs and Jimmy was leaking precum. 

Then our mouths clammed over her breasts, our tongues busy with her nipples. The earthy sweaty smell of her body was driving us mad. We were desperate for some release. When Mohini lifted me and positioned me over her mouth, I had no power to move. Her tongue snaked into my twat, touching virgin corners. Her tongue was doing things my body didn't know could be done. Her teeth grazed my clit, it felt like a tiger was pleasuring his mate. Jimmy had plunged in his tool deep inside her, oblivious of everything else. His powerful deep strokes were driving her mad too. She was fingering me with the force of a hundred elephants. I felt my vagina would rapture, but it has never felt better than that moment. Then Jimmy could control himself no longer and released her sperm in her vagina. And that's how you were born, Chandni. My Jimmy impregnated your mother at that moment, at the pinnacle of his life. At the same time she had inserted her entire left fist into me and I orgasmed all over it. It was like a tsunami, waves upon waves of pleasure crashed all over me.

Then Jimmy pounced upon me. He was kissing and biting all over me. Next day I would discover bite marks all over me, as if a pack of wolves had devoured me. At that moment, he was a wolf, his teeth nibbling my earlobes, neck, breasts, especially nipples down to my thighs and then back up as he bit into my cunt. It was Heaven.

Then I jumped on top of him. I sucked him till he hit the back of my throat. I decided to start riding him, my lips roving all over his body. His body looked like a statue sculpted in stone, every muscle set to perfection. I rode him like the warrior god who rides on his horse galloping across the world.

Then we clamped our lips, our tongues fighting fiercely, my teeth drawing blood from his lips. I tasted blood in my mouth and felt it satisfy some ancient hunger. I came violently as his hips buckled up and released his cum deep in my cunt. That was one of the few times I had not used birth control yet knew it wasn't meant to be.

And then as Jimmy lay exhausted I was rolling on the floor with Mohini. Our legs tangled, our crotches rubbed against each other. We were playing with our breasts, our lips locked in deathly fierceness. We were roving between consciousness and unconsciousness as our brains were lacking oxygen. Then I felt like lightning strike my body and I remember no more.

Next day Mohini was missing. We felt that our time there was over and we took the very next train and came back. We never dared to go back or even look back.

When Tanya finished her memoir, she felt a hot breathe on her face. A breathe that reeked of primitive desires, that broke social taboos, one she couldn't ignore. She allowed her stepdaughter to hold her by the back of the head and kiss her fully on the lips. She felt her hands inside her blouse, cupping her breasts and twisting her nipples. She felt her panties getting drenched at her step daughter's touch.

"I love you Mummy." "I love you too, Chandni."