 All those who have read my earlier stories (“Tara gets the drop in” and “Planned surprise system lets them have fun” and the rest) would have seen that I have set up a deal with my lover, Tara, to play adult games to keep our sex life full of surprises and with anticipation of how we would get fucked next.

This happened yesterday and I thought that it might be of interest to you. This is a true story.

If my stories have got atleast one panty wet or one dick on the hop or one couple has enjoyed their fucking session better, I am overjoyed. Frankly, reading stories written by many of you has made me excite Tara many a time and fuck, and she has helped me overcome tiredness and fuck.

It was Saturday morning and I was having my breakfast tea. I suddenly decided to call Tara and talk to her about some shopping we had done the evening before. I felt she had spent far too much on her clothing. During the phone conversation, I had to tell her many a time “You don’t know your maths." She said, “I am a Biology student." I sounded pissed and said, “I will have to teach you maths. Atleast with our money." Tara said ‘It was my money, not yours. So why are you upset." I was more pissed and said, “What did you say?” Tara said, “I am sorry, I made that distinction” But all I bought was some lingerie that was expensive. Rest was humdrum stuff. Anyway, I am sorry you feel so. Darling all my money is yours and all your money is mine. Even I am yours. So what is the fight about!” I agreed with her and said, “I will HAVE to teach you maths anyway." Tara added, “I promise to make it up with you darling. Just don’t get pissed early in the morning." I said “Bye. See you soon darling” and hung up.

The whole day went by lazing and doing some standard housework. In the evening, I had a bath and started to get ready for my ritual visit to Tara to spend an evening of fun and maybe some torrid sex. 

While getting ready, I got an idea. Let me surprise her. Let me dress like a traditional teacher of India. I took out my Dhoti (a white long piece of cotton cloth that is worn traditionally in India and a Kurta. Remember Gandhi with his loincloth. A better version of that). I slipped into Kolhapuri slippers and dabbed some Aramis cologne. (Tara hates bad smell).

A short 30-minute drive through bad traffic reached me to Tara’s home. 

I walked slowly up the steps and rang the bell. I heard her come to the door and felt she peaked out through the eye spy on the door. I had been telling her to be careful. I could hear her slipping in the door chain and then she slowly opened the door a crack and asked, “Yes?” She then saw me and said “Good God. What is this? Why are you wearing all this?” I said “Miss, didn’t you want a Maths teacher?” Tara said, “Yes. Yes. Sir. Please come in."

Tara was wearing a traditional white cotton sari and red blouse with hooks in the front. Her sari was crumpled. She had been having a nap. Her eyes were swollen, as they would be after she woke up from a nap. Her hairs were open. She would carelessly wrap her hairs and make them into a bun. She smelt good. Like always.

I could see the traces of her white bra through her blouse. Actually, I did not like this dress sense of hers. Nevertheless, she always wore such stuff at home when I was not expected.

I walked in tentatively and asked, “Where is the student?” Tara said “Sir I am the student." I answered, “Aren’t you rather grown up for learning maths?”

I said “I charge Rs 200 per hour." Tara said “That is okay Sir. As long as I learn Maths, it is okay with me." I said, “Miss, I didn’t get your name." “Sir. My name is Tara."

I said “Okay. So should we start today?”

“Yes Sir. Let me get the copy books etc."

Tara led me to a small square study table. She pulled to two handle less chairs from the dining set and placed them on both sides of the table. She placed some rough paper and placed the pens and pencils.

I sat myself down and asked, “Where do we start? Sit down Tara. . . . . . And bye the way, I am strict about work”

Tara said “Okay Sir."

Tara added, “Sir I spend too much money and I can’t even add well. I was a Biology student. Therefore, Maths did not matter too much. But my friends are keen that I learn minimal maths atleast."

“Okay. Let us see how much you know."

I gave her some short additions, done the long way. She did it all right. Then I gave her some longer additions with six digits across and seven numbers one below the other.

Tara was foxed and said, “This is hard."

I said, “Just do it. No talking when doing sums - okay."

Tara went on trying. She made a mistake and I told her to do it again. Tara tried again. And again another mistake.

Over the next half and hour I saw that Tara was terrible in Maths. And then her hand writing. It was truly bad.

When she made her sixth mistake, she looked frustrated. I got up and spoke in a stern voice “Your handwriting is terrible. It has to be better."

Tara said, “I cant. Sir."

I went behind her and leant over her shoulder and held her right hand and firmly made her write numbers one below the other.

The moment I sat down, Tara again lapsed into bad handwriting.

I decided that this was the time to have some fun. 

I looked cross and said, “One more mistake and you will have to be punished."

Tara did not take long to make the mistake. I quickly reached out, caught her by her ear, twisted it, and said, “Correct this."

Tara took out the eraser and corrected the mistake.

In less then five minutes she made one more mistake. I grabbed a small bunch of her hairs and tugged them and said “What is wrong with you?’ Tara winced and corrected the mistake.

I got up and started to pace up and down and she continued with her work.

She made one more mistake. I went behind and her and held her ear again and pulled it hard. I think her ear tops hurt. She said, “It hurts."

I simply took off her ear tops and threw them in the corner and said, “You wear all this stuff and sit for studies. Is it? Take off all your jewelry and keep it away. You do not need to look dressy to study."

“One more mistake and I will be very angry”

Tara was trying very hard to keep her work straight.

Tara was scratching her head and then her torso. I found that she was scratching her breasts also, from above her blouse.

I came behind her and said, “Why are you scratching everywhere?”

“What is wrong with you”?

Tara said “Sir. It is scratching. What can I do?”

I went behind her and caught her by her shoulders and pulled her elbows up. Her hands came behind her head. 

I slowly moved my hands over her breasts over her blouse.

Tara said “Sir. What are YOU doing?”

I said, “ Where is it scratching Eh?”

Tara pointed out a place. I scratched and pinched that part of her breast.

She said “Ouch. That hurts." Tara gasped and appeared to be a little shocked where I was taking the evening.

“Just go ahead – do your maths."

Tara continued with her work.

Once again, she started to scratch part of her body.

I caught her hands from behind and pulled then on top of her head and asked “If you don’t stop scratching and making mistakes, I will have got check if you have some skin disease”

I gave her a difficult sum to do. She floundered and scratched her head.

I shouted, “Stop. Just stop the work. I HAVE TO CHECK whether you have some scratching disease."

Tara stopped and looked up at me.

I went behind her, pulled her sari away from above her breasts, and threw it aside. I just caught her blouse front ends and unsnapped the blouse hooks one by one, agonizingly slowly. I was standing behind her. I pulled the blouse up onto her arms. Her arms came down as if in mock arrest.

I slid my hands behind her blouse and unsnapped the bra. I slowly moved the bra straps down her shoulders and lowered the bra. 

Her breasts leapt out of that small-constricted bra. Indian girls have large breasts - certainly compared with European girls. In the west, there is a notion that breasts should be the size of wine glass. In India, compared, they are not breasts, they are udderly large and creamy.

I told Tara “Scratch them if you like."

Tara meekly said “Sir, my hands are caught. I cant.”

I said, “I don’t care. Just scratch them. I want you to get over this stupidity."

Tara tried and failed.

I told her angrily “Do I have to do that also?”

With that, I scratched her breasts one at a time. Tara said “Sir. Yes here. Up, a little bit. Yes Yes. Here."

Soon I was caressing her breasts and not scratching them.

Tara was enjoying the attention to every detail on her breasts.

I caught both her breasts from behind and twirled both the nipples together. Tara gasped and said "Sir. Please stop.”

I said “What? I should stop. You are ordering me around? I don’t take any orders from my students – Do you understand?”

I just cupped both her breasts and caressed them more from behind.

She purred with delight. 

I took one nipple at a time into my fingers and kneaded them.

I peeled off the blouse from her hands and then slid the bra off. She was now naked on the top. 

After playing with her breasts for a while, I took her sari and draped it over her breasts in mock covering for her modesty.

I went to the other side, sat down, and asked, “Has it stopped scratching?”

“Yes Sir. For the time being."

I said, “Just go ahead do your sums. Don’t let me punish you more."

By this time, Tara had caught on what would follow but did not know what I would do next.

She quickly made a mistake. (Was she doing it intentionally? To fast forward her fuck?) I caught her by her hair and made her stand up and then said, “This is bad. You have to be punished”

I made her kneel in front of her chair and made her lean over the chair. I told her “Lift your buttocks over the chair. You will have got be disciplined."

Tara reluctantly raised her buttocks over the chair and took a delectable position. Her face was down and her legs were on the other side.

I slowly went behind her and took a position. She could not see me any more.

I swiftly and roughly lifted her sari from under her knees and placed the sari and the petticoat near her waist. Her lovely buttocks were visible. She was not wearing a panty. (That is common in India) 

I ran my hands over her buttocks. Suddenly I pinched her buttocks. This was followed by caressing them. That one slight slap on her buttocks. She yelped "Aaah. That hurt." I said, "It is supposed to hurt."

I took the ruler she had brought and showed it to her. "Would you like this to be used?"

Tara said "no Sir. That will hurt."

I gave her a couple of slight taps with the ruler on both her bum cheeks.

Her pussy folds could be seen from the back. I ran the ruler lightly between her legs and brushed her pussy.

She gasped and said "Aaaah. That is good."

I walked around her and took a position near her head. I leant down, held both her breasts from behind her, and kneaded them. She moaned.

Alternately I slapped quite hard on her buttocks.

She yelled. I said, "Education is fun. But it can have pain too!!"

Tara said, "I know Sir. I want more fun. Less pain."

On hearing this, I said, "There can be no fun without pain" and slapped her hard a couple of time on her buttocks.

She gasped with pain and moaned. 

I changed position, went behind her, and ran my hand over her moist pussy from behind. God, it was dripping wet.

When I caressed her pussy lips she moaned with pleasure and her eyes rolled.

My dick was hard and wanted to get Tara’s pussy.

After about five minutes of that treatment, I said firmly “Stand up”

Tara stood up. I said, “Your sari is coming in the way of your punishment. Take it off." She hesitated. I barked "NOW."

Tara trembled and said “Sir. Please don’t."

I caught the diadem of her sari and pulled it down. I uncoiled the sari and threw it away. She was standing in white cotton petticoat and nothing else.

My cock was throbbing and perhaps had released the precum.

I said, “Sit down and do your sums. One more mistake and your petticoat is off. You will get the naked punishment." “Would you like it?”

Tara said “No Sir. I am a good girl. I don’t want to be made naked."

“Then just DO NOT make any more mistakes."

Tara started to concentrate on her work.

However, it did not take time for her to make another mistake. 

I shouted “Stand up”

She tentatively stood up and looked at me beseechingly.

I reached for her waistband, pulled out the drawstring, and pulled instantly. Tara grabbed the petticoat and tried to stop herself from becoming stark naked.

I got up, caught her wrists, and said “Leave it – NOW”

She did. The petticoat fell and lay in a circle below her legs.

My cock was throbbing away and wanted to be released. However, I controlled my urge to fuck immediately.

I said, “Let me feel your pussy. Perhaps you have studied too much biology. Let me now teach you some normal biology."

I slowly felt her bush and brushed my fingers over her lightly parted pussy lips.

I pulled her chair away from the table and ordered “Sit down on the chair."

She sat down. I said, “Hold your wrists behind the chair."

I went in front of her and slowly thrust my crotch near her face and said, “Smell this."

She poked her nose into my crotch and sniffed and sniffed. I saw her lightly kissing my dick from above my dhoti.

I asked her “Did you kiss my dick?” “You hussy."

I asked, “Do you want to suck and lick my dick?”

Tara kept quiet.

I pulled my dhoti off, pulled my loose underwear off to the ground, and lifted by kurta up.

By hard and throbbing dick leapt out. I held it near her mouth.

I ordered her “Kiss it. Kiss it."

Tara kissed the tip of the dick, brought her hands to the front, and tried to catch my dick with both her hands.

I slapped her and said “No hands. Mouth only”

Tara opened her mouth and tried to lick my dick.

Tara said “Darling. Why don’t you let me do what I have to do.”

I said “Tara. You are being punished. You have no choices."

Tara said, ”I understand."

I let her take my dick into her mouth. I gave one thrust and it was in.

She sucked my cock for a few minutes.

I pulled out the cock from Tara’s mouth and sat down in front of her.

I slowly parted her legs on the chair and told her “Thrust your pussy out. This is pussy eating time”

Tara moved her pelvis forward and said “Darling eat it. Just eat it. My pussy is all yours."

I let her take her hands off her back and held her thighs apart while I licked her thighs.

Tara was caressing my head and arching her back to get herself into a better position for the pussy eating.

After teasing her things for a few minutes, I got up, pulled her up from the chair and said “More?”

Tara said, “This is really nice."

I told her to lie down on the chair - face up. I helped her into the position. It is uncomfortable, I know, but then what is this discomfort compared with the fun that fucking gives?

Her legs were wide open and her head and hands hanging from the other side.

I split open her legs and softly parted her pussy lips. I licked each lip one by one. Just avoid the clit.

Tara moaned, “Take the clit. I want the clit taken by you."

I said, “Wait darling. You will be fully taken.”

I moved the other chair into a position that her dangling torso could be supported. I wanted her to arch her back and offer the pussy. However, not break her back. Once supported, I told Tara “Just hold the chair legs, that will help you take the licking better."

She tried to hold the chair legs and failed.

I slowly went about teasing her cunt and reaching just next to the clit and then go away.

That anticipation was killing her.

Than suddenly I slipped the legs as wide as I could and started to butterfly her clit. She was nearly jumping with pleasure and crying out “More. More. Wow. Take me”

She got her second or third orgasm between all the obscene language she could use.

I scooped her up from that position and laid her down on the floor.

Tara said, “Take off your clothes”

I took off my top and was completely naked.

She rose up, grabbed by dick, and pulled me down.

Tara said, “I want this cock right inside me."

She started to slowly shag me. I started to kiss her on her mouth and play with her breasts.

She was getting faster and faster with my dick. I said, “Tara – stop. I will come like this. Your pussy deserves better." Tara would not stop. She had a naughty look on her face and she was smiling.

I knew she wanted to give me a royal fucking time.

Yet, I forced her to stop. 

I said “Tara – which position would you like most."

She said “Position? Positions!!!!!. I want just to be fucked. Many times. Many times”

I raised my self and took a position between her lightly parted legs. I held her by her knees and lifted her legs into a position where her pussy was lifted off the ground. I said “Tara – take the cock in when you want."

With her right hand she held my cock and with her left she parted her pussy lips and ran my cock over her clit may times and moaning and saying “I love it."

Then she placed my cock on her pussy opening and moaned “Put it in – One push. I want it to hurt. Hurt me. Fuck me. Rape me”

I gave violent push. Her wet and open pussy gobbled up my cock.

I started to give her the strokes. She was moaning and saying “More. Fuck more.”

I started to get violent with my strokes. Tara said, “Tear up my pussy." “Split me wide open."

Tara screamed, ”I am coming. I am coming. Darling. Fuck me."

She had a shuddering orgasm.

I did not stop and went on giving her stroke after stroke.

Tara said “Doggy style."

I pulled out the cock and flipped her over. She took the dog position.

She guided the cock into her pussy. Tara yelled, “Squeeze my boobs – you bastard." “With one hand." “With the other hand play with my clit. You bastard” “I will teach you how to fuck your student."

I was being too kind with her pussy. Tara screamed, “Pinch my clit. Tear it away” “Rough treat my cunt." “I am really hot”

I was fucking her violently from her back and playing with her clit with my hand.

I gave her such a violent push from the back that she fell on her face. She yelled, “Just fuck. Don’t care about me. Just take this pussy apart."

Suddenly I decided that I must give her the fuck of her life.

I pulled out my cock and pulled her off the floor. I made her stand up and then dragged her by her hand to the bedroom and pushed her lightly back on the bed. She fell back on the edge of the bed with her legs dangling outside the bed.

I slapped her face repeatedly and said, “You bitch, what you need is a fuck." “Take this and this and this”

While standing between her legs, I started to knead her breasts with one hand and played with her open clit for some time.

I parted her pussy lips and dug deep into her pussy.

Powerful stroke after powerful stroke while I slapped her and pinched her clit.

Tara was screaming, “Fuck me. Harder. Harder."

I went on pumping her pussy.

I started to come and I said “Darling take control over my cock. I am coming."

Tara said “Darling come. Come inside me. I love you. Come inside me. Flood me with you spunk”

I came and let loose all the semen inside her.

I collapsed on top of her.

As we became sane, she kissed me on my face and softly said “Get up. I want to suck off the rest of the semen off your cock”

I got up and slowly stood up. She sat up, caught my cock in her hands, plopped it into her mouth, and sucked it dry.

Tara said, “Lick my pussy off its juices. It is all yours. Only yours."

I slowly pushed Tara back on the bed, her legs dangling down.

I sat between her legs and started to lick. She started to softly scream “Oooooh. Aaaaah. That is soooo nice. I am so sensitive. Lick me. Take me."
