 The First time

I stood at the top of the stairs, my short tartan skirt moving gently around my hips. I looked down at the camera lens as it looked up between my legs. I wondered if it saw the tiny pink bow of my satin thong, covering my freshly waxed pubis. I was wearing Cindy my favourite underwear. Gracefully one foot at a time I descended the stairs, aware my skirt hem moved across my silky firm thighs. Hiding just in the motions of the pleated kilt the full smooth hidden lips encased in their shiny prison. 

I was sexually alive, and even partly covered my body was on display. The camera moved up and over the waist band of my skirt to the naked plain of my midriff, and the tiny silver butterfly glinting from my navel. The camera continued to examine me. The presentation of female flesh in a market place full of invisible voyeurs; I shivered as I continue down the stairs and the camera ever upwards to the ceiling, taking in on its way, my palpitating tummy, my light pink crop top tied in a large bow, between my full firm breasts, and my bouncy brunet hair. 

I knew the camera could see in the way my breasts moved inside the confines of my top, my large nipples rubbed hard by the silky material, showing that I was both nervous and excited.

The last two steps and then there would be no turning back. This was my first dramatic entrance onto the movie set. I was hot, embarrassed, edgy and surprisingly wet.

The camera man moved around the back of me as I stepped into the huge open plan lounge, my skirt flouncing around my thighs, to show a glimpse of bare cheeks rubbing against each other, merely showing a hint of the pink satin that was cupping me, and the string that disappeared between them.

I was now inside a digital reality, that was me, and yet not me. Here I was the quintessential slut, hot and wet, and desiring nothing more than sexual gratification or as my ex-boyfriend would say, in need of a good seeing to. I giggled. I was embarrassed and no I wasn't; confused and full of emotions and turmoil yes. But still I felt my body wanting something more. It craved for the hardness of a man, but would that be enough, in some ways it frightened me for I felt my control going, my body searching for the ultimate thrill.

Since my first orgasm with my fingers, and the aching need for my first man, my body had looked for something more, that fire which would burn away all my inhibitions and my morality. Would I find it here doing the unthinkable?

I turned slightly to the left, my fingers flicking the hem upwards for the man sliding the camera under my skirt and looked for my partner.

Tara Richardson A grade student now in her first porn movie to pay of her credit card.

I had seen my partner, just before I went upstairs with Jenny the makeup girl to change. Dirk Rammer, the name was pure studio generated. He was six foot-one, and beautifully shaped without being a body builder, in shorts and T shirt he was going to be fixing my television, and I was going to tease him and he was going to fuck me. He had the experience, the looks and the confidence, as for me I had the body and the naivety.

Meeting for the first time just thirty minutes ago, those intense blue eyes that held and teased me, with assurance and coolness, his masculinity transmitted through his huge hand over mine. I shivered with the memory, as my nipples rubbed against their silk confinement.

I had done glamour modelling, from short skirts and tiny tops, to underwear, then without the bra. Finally when my panties did come off I learned two things. My first was about the pain of waxing, and the second how it felt to feel a man inside me for the first time. 

The director had asked straight out at the audition, where my breasts for real, I had lifted them more in devilment at my embarrassment of being down to my panties, in front of three strangers. The eyes and my cold hard nipples had got me the role and the chance to cut my credit card bill down to a reasonable size.

He was kneeling as I walked right up to him, my hips swaying my body moving within the little I wore. He looked up at my parted thighs, offering him the view hardly hidden by the hem of my skirt. I shivered and began to gyrate slowly in front of him, my soft sensual body teasing the hard man at my feet. I was playing now to both cameras, my lustful eyes to the mobile camera, whilst my body displayed itself to the main camera on the tripod. 

Immediately they disappeared from my mind as I looked down, our eyes meeting again. I was hot for him, and he knew it. I wanted him to take me, not softly like a lover, but hard like a man who wanted to conquer me. Slowly my hands began to work with my body, roaming over my belly up along the curving hills of my breasts, just grazing the silk over my hard and swollen nipples, and then down they moved back across the concave valley of my stomach, to the hem of my skirt lifting the material with the flutter of a small bird's wing, revealing my tight fitting pink satin panties. Showing to the camera my camel toe definition encased inside.

I bent slightly along my hip, feeling the hem of my tiny micro mini ride high over my bottom. The camera man moved in behind me, taking my bare cheeks clenched tight over the string of my thong, showing the soft yet firm cushions.

I was wringing wet and so hot I felt dizzy.

This was my fantasy to be mastered to be taken by this hard man, my eyes begged for him. I wanted his experience to wipe out my naivety. To show me what was hidden inside my body. I knew from the movies I had been given, what the script was, and what would be expected of me. Yet strangely the thought of being in front of strangers and cameras had turned me on. 

I jumped out of my reflexions when his hand touched my knee, fingers spreading like a fan to move along my quivering thigh. Slowly he stood up towering over me, his hand remaining stopped now just below the hem of my skirt.

Now it was my turn to look up at the incredibly handsome Greek statue. Short blond hair curled around his ears, and along his forehead. Intense blue eyes separated by the straight bridge of his nose, stripped me of everything. I was helpless, he was all powerful, and my body craved for him. The delicate lips smiled, emphasizing in their softness his granite chin below. Two firm tendons sculptured the lines of his neck down to where they met the T shirt, the thin cotton taught around his chest and hard belly, leading my eyes to his shorts and the enormous bulge beneath the worn denim cut offs.

The mobile camera man moved in close, along with the still's photographer. I ignored them again, as my skin felt the absence of his fingers. A moment later the pressure of both hands returned to my shivering flesh. Roaming down the small of my back, and over my skirt to hold my quivering behind. Gently, yet in command of me, I felt him pull me onto his bulging crutch, as his tongue opened my lips in a kiss that burned like fire.

There was nothing soft about Dirk, and I felt the heat of his body begin to melt mine. His huge hands covered my bottom, and I wiggled a little and received a playful spank for it. His hands slid up my spine as his tongue explored my mouth, licking my moisture commanding my tongue to lie still as he explored me. Gently he grasped my hair and pulled my head back away from his lips, arching my back to show my thrusting breasts held inside my flimsy top. He pulled the bow between them and they leaped free of their open prison waiting like eager puppies to be stroked and touched.

I felt my heart beating so hard that I was afraid it could be heard. 

It felt so right my left breast nestled lovingly in the huge hand that held it, my nipple feeling the hard skin of his thumb as it pushed my rigid teat from side to side. I looked into his eyes as they held me spellbound. Around me everything disappeared we were alone, and I was his.

Still holding my hair, his right hand released my breast to a protest moan from my lips. Slowly it travelled over the flat plain of my tummy to the edge of my tartan mini skirt. He looked down at me his eyes catching the light from the window, and in a deft touch of his fingers my skirt slid off my hips to caress my skin on its way to the floor, his hand following it down to my welcoming thighs.

The knowledge in his fingers as they cupped my swollen wet sex, the shiny satin material of my thong helping to let his hand slide under me. I was hot, and a little scared by this giant of a man, yet strangely not even embarrassed by others watching me being stripped naked for his pleasure. My body was now just so responsive to his touch I could no longer control it. A single finger stroked me along my hidden swollen lips and I reached up on tip toe to slide my hands around his neck and kiss his stubble cheek. 

"My god Tara you are soaking wet," he whispered in a gravelly voice that sent goose bumps over my skin.

"Then you know what I want Dirk," I replied my voice hardly a whisper.

His hand left me and I panted for him to return. Up on my hips his fingers curled around the waist band of my thong, I shook my head, and murmured.

"Rip them off please," I begged.

I felt his arm tense his fingers slide under the elastic curling like a mechanical claw. Lifting my thong upwards I gasped in shock as it scrunched up parting my swollen lips to the camera, and rubbing along my aching button, I looked at him arching outwards as though suspended on my panties. Suddenly with a tearing sound the material gave way in his hand, and my body was naked and free. 

He held up the soaking wet rag and sniffed me through it, nuzzling down to my neck he threw them at the director and whispered. 

"You know what happens to little girls who play with fire." I shivered and melted into his body.

My naked unrestrained flesh now on display for all three cameras, and of course the voyeur who would watch me on the flat screen, but never be with me.

Slowly my hands roamed over his T shirt, feeling the ridges of hardness under the thin cotton cloth. I wanted to lick him, and taste him. I quickly pulled off his T shirt and looked at the cliff wall of muscles before me. My fingers lost on the plains and indentation of his flesh. Gradually my lips and tongue worked around the mounds of his pecs, their nipples hard points seeing nothing but showing something of what was happening inside this sculptured maleness. There was nothing small about this man, my hands lost on a dessert of tanned rippling flesh. Slowly I sank to the floor; in the slave girl pose my eager thighs parted wide to show I wanted him. .

My fingers shook as I began to loosen the shorts, his bulge now showing my wide eyes what waited for a girl who plays with the inferno of her emotions. Slowly I pull them down over his hips and over his oak tree thighs not daring to look up. Quickly he steps out of them and I look up at my mountain, his powerful thighs leading my eyes to his curving manhood, and the twin balls hanging loose in their sac below. My hands move up his thighs lost on the sheer size of them, his balls moving against each other, hidden under the curving thickness of his shaft. I gently almost with reverence cup his eggs, and I lower my head to pay homage to them. Above the veins of his penis pump blood around and into the shaft, to show me the growing length.

There was nothing small about this man for he is a giant of muscle blood and sheer animal attraction. He was the breeding stallion. I brought my head down feeling his shaft resting on my cushion of hair. I kiss the left ball and then the right, licking each one of his testicals. Slowly I suckled the left drawing it past my open lips to rest on my tongue, filling the cavity of my mouth. I look up and shiver at the growing thickness of the assertive shaft. I close my eyes and play with its partner in my fingers as I suck on the male plum. I open my mouth letting one escape so I can lay the other on the bed of my tongue, I quiver wondering how many girls have tasted them. Reluctantly I let them go to hang back waiting.

Like a moth mesmerized by the light, I move up to the shaft taking it in my fingers, feeling it throb down my tips to show me it was growing ever longer ever thicker. I pull my head away from the essence of the man to take in the view. My vagina tenses, at what my eyes see in the comparison of both my hands, lost on its length my fingers unable to encircle its thickness.

It is a womb kisser, and I feel like a virgin again lost on this mountain of a man. I move my head and in homage plant a kiss on the head taking the distillation of this man on my lips. We are alone; the sounds around me are gone, only what I hold in my hand is my world, my very being. It curves gently and like the rest of Dirk it is all in proportion with him. My last boyfriend who made me gasp was half the size of this. I lick it wanting it inside me, filling me till I burst; I want to play to the camera, to Dirk and tease them both.

I look up and Dirk's eyes smile back down, they see another girl, another hopeful, another fuck. I run my tongue underneath licking and tasting his heated maleness. I gaze down from the tip its length seeming to disappear into the light soft curls of his hair. The skin feels hot and hard the veins running around like ivy on a tree trunk.

I open my mouth and tentatively try to take the head between my teeth, immediately shivering as I realize how wide my vagina must open to take him. It pushes without pretence for apologies to lie on the soft bed of my tongue. I gag, but quickly steady to take slow deep breaths. I suckle furtively trying to lick underneath tasting the rich salty extract of a man. I look up into the camera lens my mouth full of cock. I cup the heavy balls and begin to stroke along the length of the stone hard shaft, my head moving forward sliding the huge dome to the back of my throat. I slip my hand down from his balls and underneath the granite cheeks of his bottom. He stiffens and I lick around the head, as my finger slips between the soft undersides of his cheeks. Quickly I release the head from my aching jaw, and run my tongue underneath licking along the satin skin, all the way down to Dirk's balls, up and around kissing the hardness, stroking it and wondering how many countless other girls have done this before. Gently I bite the skin scraping along the taught flesh, I am rewarded by Dirk's thighs clenching, as my teeth graze his skin and my finger nails teases the tiny spiders web of his ass. He is a powerful man capable of doing anything to me. Yet at this moment he is mine as I open my lips to welcome the head back into my mouth. Slowly inhaling I impale myself on the shaft. I gag but refuse my body to pull away, the size and hardness was choking me making my eyes water, but I wanted him, oh my god how I wanted him. This man of stone, iron and so much masculine brutality. 

My hands clung to the small of his back, with a passion that increased as I sucked him more regularly, and the excitement of my lips and tongue was making my breasts and sex throb. Between my parted thighs I felt liquid flowing, like the saliva that was bathing Dirk's member. My body was ready to be speared, to die on his hardness. I sensed his belly muscles tighten, my thighs clench, and the raw power coming through between my stretched lips.

With a sharp tug on my hair he withdrew from my mouth, and bending down effortlessly lifted me. I moved licking my lips for the camera, as he walked beside me his cock swaying across his hips showing me how far he would go inside me. The leather couch looked vast like the house and the man.

I sat down against the cushions my thighs parted wide my feet firmly on the floor, the camera moved in close to show my readiness and my wetness. Dirk towered over me his arrogant cock jutting outwards.

Unhurriedly he knelt between my legs and I felt his hard body on my inner quivering thighs, he smiled but it was not love, only the acknowledgement he was ready to give me a good seeing to. 

I arched as he brought the cockhead to my open lips and pulled back the foreskin to show the head, another eager wet cunt to be explored and filled. Gently he stroked my button sending pulsating pleasure into my body as it kissed the slit, down almost to my anal ring and up to my swelling pubis he stroked me gently at first, and then increasing the tempo into a fast rhythm that was making my face and neck flush. I could not help it and let out a moan, Dirk's smiled again this time he was watching my every reaction. He continued to stroke me as he took my left nipple the most sensitive, and spreading my own juices on its tip gently massaged it into a swollen throbbing point, I shivered as his cock continued to massage my sex, I tried to move and Dirk patted me on the belly to stay still. He was in control. I wanted him and he knew it, but the job came first, and he was playing me to the camera, like a soloist virtuoso.

I wanted the pain of my first time, I wanted something I had never experienced before, something hard and demanding, so deep so hard so pitiless not even my crying for it to stop would effect it. But I didn't want him to stop; my nipple eagerly went to his fingers, my clit to kiss his cock head, my sex weeping for him. 

I moaned again unable now to control myself, Dirk looked down. 

"Baby you are so wet your ass so shiny from your dripping cunt, are you going to tell me what you want hun?"

I moaned

"Come on baby tell daddy what you want."

He was playing to the camera I was still feeling the hard cock rubbing me mercilessly. 

"Please I gasped Please."

"What is it baby tell Daddy."

"Please Dirk?" I cried out now close to my orgasm, but wanting him so much inside me.

"What does my baby girl want?"

"Oh fuck me Dirk, please fuck me daddy."

I arched and gasped it felt huge for a moment there was pain as I tried to accommodate its hardness its thickness, and the power of the body behind it, my hands went instinctively to his stone belly to hold him back. But I was being serviced by his cock, I gasped winced as the pain for a moment returned, to be followed by a fullness I had never experienced, so full I wanted to burst. The camera man came in close to see me swallow the monster I was feeling advancing to my tummy.

"Take it baby, that's it take it all." His voice sounding reassuring as I squirmed underneath him to get comfortable with my insides churning over and around him as he filled me.

He stopped and I took in a deep breath, Taking my left leg he lifted it and gently hooking it around his right arm pulled it away to open me to the camera and my eyes, as I saw to my amazement he was buried up to his belly in me.

I looked up into his eyes and immediately felt his power again his control over me, I looked down and saw the shaft slide out of me shiny from my own shamelessness. It was huge like a pipe, but I wanted it so deep inside me, I squinted and gasped and looked back up at Dirk. My body my eyes my lips wanting him.

"Hang on baby it's time for your fucking."

The power was there as I hung onto his arms as he worked my body on his shaft, in this position I could do nothing but literally watch myself being fucked hard. See my swollen wet lips surrounding him; my clit rubbed along the bone hard pole. It felt like an iron piston as he thrust in and out of me like a machine stretching me and filling me. I could feel my aching nipples, my petals lay open my button rubbing along the heated stem. It hurt when he thrust in hard, and yet pulling out I moaned for him to return. I watched fascinated by the depth of my vagina, as I took him into me, my sex pulsating and clenching around him. But my devil was back there inside me the strange feeling from the pain making me glow, he was hard he was brutal and my body was responding. He was tensing now working me avoiding the pleasure he wanted from emptying those heavy balls inside me filling me, and watching his sperm running out of me. It wasn't in the script.
