 The High Priestess stands for intuition stronger than the intellect, independence, freedom, contact with your higher self, telepathic communication, untamed female sexuality, erotic dreams, and intercourse as part of the healing process.

"...the whole thing was a disaster," Andy concluded. "A fucking waste of time!"

"Awww..." said Sophie. "I'm sorry, honey."

"It's OK," said Andy. "I'll check what's on TV, and then have an early night. I'll be fine in the morning."

"You do that," said Sophie. "I wish I could be there to tuck you in."

Andy chuckled.

"I'll be home tomorrow, sweetheart," he said. "Give Mikey a kiss from me!"

"I promise," said Sophie. "Goodnight, honey!"

"Goodnight, baby!" said Andy. "See you tomorrow!" 

They hung up. Andy put his mobile on the nightstand table, sat down on the hard hotel bed, and took off his shoes, his socks, and his trousers. He grabbed the remote and flipped through the channels, ultimately settling for a nature show about an endangered species of birds. He laid back against the pillows, and breathed deeply to rid himself of the heaviness inside his chest, a heaviness that came from a day of endless business meetings and stranded negotiations. He closed his eyes and listened to the speaker voice talk about the soot-headed greenfinch. 

On the opposite side of the country, Sophie put a reluctant 3-year-old to bed, and read him a story. She kissed him goodnight, and gave him a kiss from his father, too.She turned off the TV and went into the bedroom. As she undressed, her thoughts were with Andy, and that slowed were with Andy, and that slowed down her movements. Poor Andy, he had sounded so tired, so frustrated, so tense. Normally when he had a bad day, Sophie would rub his shoulders and massage his scalp, and then move on to caressing his chest and thighs, rubbing his dick through his trousers, making it hard and aching. And when Andy was panting and reaching for her, she would push away his hands, open his zipper, and let his hard manhood out of its prison. She would put her lips around it, and let it slide deeper and deeper inside her mouth. By the time Andy shot his load into her throat, he would have forgotten all about the bad day he had had . Sophie laid down on top of the bed, naked. Her mind was still distant. 

Andy took out his limp dick and stroke it. His eyes were glued to the TV, where a green and black birds was feeding its youngsters bugs, but his thoughts were with Sophie. Sophie, Sophie. Sophie bending over to pick up Mikey's toys. Sophie reaching to take a can of the top shelf. Sophie stepping out of the shower with her hair all wet and messed up. Andy's dick grew hard, and he stroke the shaft, pulled the foreskin up over the round, purple head, pulled it down again, not aware of what he was doing. Sophie...

Sophie's hands cupped her breasts. They were still big, but after Mikey's birth, they weren't as firm as they used to be. She caressed them, felt their soft, warm weight against the palms of her hands. She rubbed the big, rosy brown nipples with her index fingers, and felt them harden into small nubs. Andy loved her breasts, loved cupping his hands around them, hugging them, caressing them. He liked to roll her nipples between his fingers... like this... rub the palms of his hands over them... like that...


Andy's grip tightened, and he jerked his hand up and down, thinking about Sophie, about Sophie's breasts that strained against the material of her blouse, Sophie's nipples that looked like red berries...

Sophie's hands slid under the waistband of her panties, touched the soft curls, and moved in between the thick, wet lips. She was so wet..! She spread her own lubricant over her clit, made it slippery, trembling slightly each time her finger slid over the tiny nub.

Sophie was so sensitive. And loved going down on her. It was so rewarding to have her jump under his teasing tongue, to have her writhe and moan, unable to restrain herself, and then finally have her put her hands on his head and practically grind herself against his tongue, moaning through clenched teeth, in order not to wake up Mikey...

Sophie raised her legs, squirming, biting her teeth not to scream. She rubbed her clit, riding out the storm, feeling her fingers getting soaked in her own juices.

So soft and moist... Her sweet, sweet pussy hugging his cock, clenching around him, sucking the cum out of him... Andy closed his eyes and sighed in content when his cum poured out of him in big, salty tears and landed on his stomach. Sophie rolled over and hugged the pillows, trying to imagine that she was actually hugging Andy, leaning her head against his chest. His pillow smelled like his after shave. She closed her eyes and inhaled the scent.

Andy cleaned himself up, turned off the TV, slipped under the covers, and dozed off to sleep, hugging a pillow to his chest.