 I woke up sometime in the night, sure Saultis was near. I felt the pull, the longing again, and it made me sit up and look around. There was no one in the room with me. I slowly dressed, and walked to the window. I could not see anyone outside the inn. I breathed out slowly and lay back down. I stared at the ceiling, trying to keep myself from running out of the room looking for him.

I slid my hand along the wall slowly as it was cold, and tried to draw the cold in to myself in a vain attempt to cool the feelings I had inside of me.

Sliding my hand down the wall, I stopped suddenly. I felt it then, the wall was warm in this spot. I closed my eyes, and a vision flashed in front of my eyes of Saultis kneeling on a bed on the other side of the wall, holding his hand on the same spot. I got to my knees and placed my other hand on the wall, and after a few seconds felt his other hand there too. I'd have thought he was playing with me, if I hadn't felt in him the same pulling I felt inside myself. As my hands glided over the wall, his followed. I felt him pushing against the wall, trying to draw in my warmth. 

I could feel him as I knew he could feel me, pressing against the wall. We pressed our bodies to the wall, wanting to pull away and at the same time wanting to be closer. I could feel him inhale deeply, almost as if he was scenting me, but it wasn't really him. It was me doing it, and him mirroring my movements. I pulled back until it was only my hands touching the wall and then he was gone. I ran my hands over the wall trying to find him, then moved back and kneeled back on my bed, vaguely wondering why he'd left me.

It was then that the door opened swiftly, hitting the wall, Saultis standing in the doorway. He stood watching me. I felt myself nod slowly, almost unconsciously. He shut the door behind him and crossed the room towards me, almost slowly, like he were stalking prey, and I was that prey. He stood in front of me, his chest heaving. I stayed kneeling on the bed in front of him, looking up into those eyes. I could see more of him now that he was standing. The robe he wore was darker than his skin.

It hung loosely, but still managed to show his muscular form through it, as the sleeves ended midway down his arms, and showed bare skin. His muscles moved under his skin as he shifted. I stared, my eyes fixed. The robe cloth itself shimmered as if he had woven stars into it. Below that I could only see his black boots. They had metal running along the sides and edges and metal spikes that ran along the metal sides and disappeared under the robe.

His hands, hanging loosely at his sides were covered in gloves that matched the boots with large spikes on the backs of his hands. The image in itself made me shudder. He was the epitome of beauty, and his dark clothing only seemed to bring it out of him more so. And yet, even at this angle, I still could not see his face, only his blue eyes glowing. I wanted to reach up and push back the hood, and see his features, but I did not, as the want to see him like this was more than the want to look upon his face.

Saultis did nothing but stand there and let me get my fill of looking him over. I glanced up at his eyes and found him doing the same.

I was now wearing black leather, tight across my skin. My arms, stomach and thighs were bare, as was part of my chest. His eyes traced down across my chest, stomach and thighs, all the way down my legs to my boots. His eyes filled with a dark heat. He seemed to breathe as if he couldn't get enough air, his chest rising and falling rapidly. I knew the feeling. 

He seemed to be a little unsteady on his feet, his eyes darting back and forth as he looked me over. Slowly he sat on the bed beside me. His eyes darted back up to mine. 

"I know" he said, in a purring husky voice, answering a question I hadn't asked or even thought of yet. Then in a swift movement he pushed me back hard enough that I had to catch myself. He grabbed my thighs and pulled me towards him, making me slide down the bed on my back. As I watched, he pushed my legs apart and kneeled between them. He lay between my legs on top of me, holding himself up by his hands on either side of me.

"I can't let you go. I want more of you" he whispered in my ear. 

I turned my head to the side, and he sank his teeth in, biting hard. He used his hands to pin down my wrists, holding me captive for him, the metal on his gloves scraping against my arms. His tongue licked along my neck. I turned my face towards him. He used that as a chance to press his lips to mine. I kissed him, my hunger pouring out through the kiss. He kissed back just as forcefully, sliding his tongue along mine, and breathing heavily.

His breath had a sweet scent that drew me more into him. The small candle in the room shone light on part of his face, letting me see his nose, his lips and his chin when he drew back from the kiss. The part of his face that I could see was flawless. A small smile curved his lips as I watched. I wanted to taste those lips again, and I pushed myself up just enough to reach him, letting out a moan, showing him how much I wanted him.

His moan echoed mine as he kissed back. He let go of my wrists and used one of his hands to hold himself up, and the other slid down my chest. His fingers pulled the leather straps on the front of my top open. He broke the kiss and looked down as he pushed the leather aside. He moved down, running his lips and tongue down the middle of my chest. I reached down, taking his hand and placed it where I knew he wanted it.

His eyes moved back up to watch me, as his fingers moved under the leather that was still partially covering my chest. He pulled his hand back out and took his gloves off, throwing them on the floor. He slid his hand back under the leather, caressing me slowly, his bare skin warm on my skin. He moved back up my body to kiss me again, this time holding my neck, keeping my mouth to his while his other hand moved down and pulled my skirt up higher. He thrust his hips, making his hardness rub against me through the cloth of his robe, catching my breath in my throat, and making him let out a purring moan.

I put my legs around his waist, holding him there. His eyes glazed over, then closed. He kept thrusting harder, and harder. He needed this and so did I. I wanted him inside of me. I pushed open the front of his robe, exposing part of his chest. I ran my fingers down his chest, scratching lightly with my nails. I moved my hands farther down across his hard stomach until he caught my wrist. He seemed to stop, taking a moment to breathe while he held my wrist; his head tilted back, his mouth open slightly.

"Not yet" he whispered.

I wanted to feel all of him, run my hands over his skin. Saultis slid my hands under his robe to his back. Instinctively I dug my nails in and clawed down his back. He gripped the bed on either side of me, squeezing. I felt a shudder go through his entire body. I dug my nails in harder. A low growling sound came from his throat as he tore my panties away from under my skirt, then he arched his back against my hands. He moved his hands to push my thighs apart, and then with a hard thrust he was inside of me, still through the cloth of his robe. I writhed under him, wanting to have more of him inside of me. I heard him moaning quietly, his head down so I could not see his face.

Pulling back out, he then reached down to part his robes. I could see farther down his stomach now before it faded into blackness again. This time when he entered me it was just him, warm, hard. I kept my hands on his back as he thrust hard and deep, almost lifting me off the bed with the force of his thrusts. He stopped suddenly, and put his arms under my legs, holding me up and wider, and lifted himself to his knees.

It was deeper, and almost too intense. I couldn't help the sounds I was making. He was more animal than man at that point, with almost desperate movements that sent the headboard slamming into the wall, moaning and growling loudly. I reached up and gripped the headboard, pulling on it to lift my hips even higher to meet his, at one point reaching his shoulders with my ankles. As I did this, he gripped my thighs with his hands holding me where he wanted me. I vaguely heard the sounds of cloth tearing and shredding as he moved.

And unlike before, there was an almost visible haze around us that interred feelings of desperation, lust, want. I felt it in the bar, but not this strongly. I closed my eyes, just feeling him. All of a sudden he dropped me back onto the bed. He grabbed my legs, pulling me back down the bed again, forcing me to let go of the headboard. When I opened my eyes he was over me again, staring into my eyes. He leaned down for a kiss, and I let him. As I kissed him he seemed to be calmer and slower.

With that he smiled and kissed me again, holding me tight while keeping his slow rhythm. I felt the warmth, the tingling that told me I was close, and the shudders in his breathing that told me the same about him.

"Look into my eyes" he whispered, staring into mine. I fought to keep my eyes open and focused on him while it passed over us both. I felt his warmth fill me, and he stopped for a moment holding still. Then he thrust a few times, fast and hard, and the sheer force brought us both again, pulling loud moans from my throat and low sounds from his.

I felt something pass between us that I could not describe, while we watched each other. I felt boneless, laying there as he collapsed on top of me. We lay there quietly, breathing until he moved off of me and beside me. I looked down the length of the bed to find his boot spikes had shredded the entire lower half of the bed. I smiled and drifted off to sleep with him holding me in his arms.