 The conclusion of the story entitled “A Walk in the Park”

After we returned from our little outdoor excursion, I decided that a shower was a good idea. As we walk through the door, I head in the direction of the bedroom, pulling my clothes off along the way. I turn on the shower, allowing the water to warm to a pleasantly hot, steamy fog. I step in and begin to wash.

After I complete the usuals, washing body, hair, etc. I stand there enjoying the feel of the warm water spraying over me, relaxing tired muscles and refreshing me. I have my back to the door and do not notice the slight breeze as you join me. Your hands caressing my back are the first clue that you have joined me in the shower.

'Hi darlin', I tell you.

"Hmm," you murmur as you snuggle up to my back. The feel of your naked body against mine causes pleasant stirrings to occur in the obvious locations. Your hands snake around and you hold me close. 

"Feeling OK?" I ask.

"Yes. Just wanted to be with you."

"OK. Shall I wash your back?"

"Hmm, in a minute," you tell me, giving me a gentle squeeze. I turn around so that I can see you, and return the hug, holding you close to me, feeling the wonderfully warm water continue to spray over us. I relax my hold enough to lather up a washcloth and gently separate enough to be able to wash your lovely body.

I wash your arms, legs, stomach, etc., cleaning the sweat and grass from you. I step back enough to allow you to rinse. As the warm water flows over you, you lean your head back, allowing the water to soak into your lovely hair. I gather the shampoo and gently massage it into your hair after it clears the stream. After I complete lathering up the shampoo, you rinse, allowing the lather to flow over your lovely body, quickly running into the drain.

Upon completion of this, I gather you into my arms and gently kiss your lovely lips. The feel of your breasts against my chest, stimulates me some more, causing pleasant twitches in my growing erection. You gently turn me around and begin to wash me down. After a moment of this, you gather some soap in your hands and reach around to lather my penis, gently stroking me, causing me to inhale sharply. 

I can feel your gentle smile as your hands gently stroke me. You slowly begin to increase the pace, increasing my arousal. "Oh, yes," I moan, "that feels wonderful." You continue, working your hands faster along the increasing length of my member. The lather begins to dissipate, and you place some more soap onto your hand, keeping up the rhythm, bringing me ever closer. 

"Uh, huh," I mumble, " coming closer." The feel of your hand, stroking the length of my cock, is incredibly arousing, bringing me ever closer to orgasm. You continue stroking me with your right hand as your left begins to caress my balls, gently massaging them as you stroke me. 

"Uh, huh. Oh, yes. I'm gonna cum," I tell you. I can feel the pleasant tingle of my orgasm rushing through my engorged penis, your gentle stroking continues, increasing both pace and pressure, driving me ever closer.

"Come, baby. Let me see you cum," you whisper urgently. "I want to feel your cum in my hand," you continue. You increase the pace and pressure still more, pulling me over the edge.

"Oh, yes. I'm cumming," I groan. I can feel my cum explode from my cock, shooting through the running water. Your fingers retain some, and I can feel you rubbing it back into my cock as you continue to milk me, pulling every drop from me. 

As I begin to recover the power of sight, and my balance, I slowly turn within the loving circle of your arms, gently kissing you as I reduce the amount of cold water, warming the stream flowing over and around our naked bodies. My hands gently caress your back, squeezing your ass as they find each cheek. I continue kissing you, savoring the feel of your tongue upon my own. 

I break from our kiss, gently turning you around, feeling you snuggle your ass against my cock. I caress your breasts, feeling your erect nipples grow in my palms. My head leans around, seeking your lips. As I resume kissing you, my right hand begins tracing down your smooth stomach heading toward your lovely pussy. As it reaches your pubic area, my fingers slip gently through the slick folds of your vulva, gently penetrating your wet pussy. 

I gently stroke the length of you, feeling the mix of your arousal and the water from the shower coating my finger. The lips of your vulva gently spread apart, inviting further penetration by my probing fingers. I continue stroking you, feeling your breathing increase its pace, your tongue darting into my mouth, rapidly dancing against my own. 

My fingers find your clit, gently rubbing the exposed bud, causing moans of pleasure from you. Faster and faster, my finger rubs tighter circles around your clit. The exposed bundle of nerves throbs with each touch of my finger. Your moans groan in volume and frequency, giving voice to your growing orgasm. I shift the pattern, from circles to strokes, gently running a fingertip along the length of your clit. You react to the change in motion by moaning louder, indicating approval. 

Your clit feels erect and able to hold its own. I pause for a moment, feeling the sweet ache of my cock pressing against the small of your back. You place a hand on the back of my neck, holding my face to you, kissing me deeply. I flick my finger tip across your exposed clit, eliciting a gasp from you. I resume gentle stroking you, bringing you ever closer to your orgasm.

"Uh, huh" you moan. "That's so nice, I'm so close," you tell me. I can sense that you are tremblingly close; your legs are quivering in excitement. A gentle pinch and your response is to grab my neck, pulling me closer to you, another pinch and you groan. So close, so close, a gently stroke followed by a final gentle pinch and over the edge you go, moaning your pleasure, darting a hand toward your pussy, trying to stop me. My left hand, which has been gently playing with your lovely tits throughout, holds your as my right firmly rubs the area just above your clit, maintaining the pressure as your orgasm runs its course.

You turn to face me, turning off the water as your hands complete their journey around my back. We stand there in the dripping shower, the water droplets dripping from our bodies. A gentle kiss and you snuggle your face against my chest, holding me close as we bask in the pleasant glow of completion. Savoring the pause. 

"Make love to me," you tell me after a moment.

I do not answer verbally, instead guiding you toward our bed, gently sitting you down, kneeling before your lovely pussy, smelling your arousal. I begin to kiss your inner thighs, working my way in. You place your hand on my head, guiding me slowly, encouraging me. I gently kiss your still swollen lips; licking off the few drops of water, tasting your juice intermixed with them. Gentle sighs are your expressions of pleasure as I continue to lick your pussy, gently probing between your lips, savoring the taste of your arousal. The hand you have on my head gently urges me upward toward your still swollen clit. I resist, my tongue probing deeper into your hot pussy.

After a couple of minutes, I pause looking up to see that you have lain back, your free hand caressing your tits, gently pulling and pinching your sensitive nipples. I shift position, swinging my erect cock around toward your lovely mouth, settling along side you, placing my tongue against your slit, licking downward to the pooling juices at the base of your pussy. You release my head, your hand gently grasping me, guiding my erection toward your open mouth. You gently kiss the head before slowly engulfing me with your luscious lips, sliding down the length of my shaft.

"Oh, yes," I moan, "that feels wonderful." I resume licking your lovely pussy, guiding you closer to another orgasm. Your clit trembles slightly each time my tongue brushes across it, your hips lifting slightly. I place my left hand above your pussy, keeping your clit exposed and available to my tongue. My right fingers slip into your dripping box, gently stroking the inner walls of your pussy. I continue to suck your clit as you increase the pace of your mouth, adding your tongue.

I feel your tongue circle the tip of my cock, increasing my arousal as you work to hold off your own orgasm while bringing me closer. I gently nip your clit causing you to moan loudly in pleasure. A gentle pinch and my fingers resume their thrusting motion, behaving like a hard cock, finger-fucking you as I continue to work your clit. You continue sucking me, gently stroking my cock with your lips and hand, pinching your nipples occasionally, building your arousal.

My fingers continue their gentle stroking, licking and nipping your clit. I feel your orgasm building, your hips lifting in unconscious rhythm with my fingers. With each thrust in, you lift your hips trying to meet it, lowering them as my fingers slide outward. My tongue continues its ministrations, gently working up, down, left and right across your clit. Your moans of pleasure continue, growing in frequency as you attempt to bring me to orgasm as yours rapidly overtakes you. 

As your climax strikes, you grasp my cock in your hand, whimpering in the throes of your orgasm. My fingers are drenched with your cum, your clit throbbing uncontrollably. "Oh, yes, oh yes," you cry out, "I'm cumming."

I am well aware of this, feeling you try to pull your clit from my tongue as the pleasure becomes far too intense to bear. I stop, shifting position, again, kneeling between your open legs, sliding my hard cock between the swollen lips of your pussy. Your moans increase in volume as you reach for my hips. I push in rapidly, catching your orgasm at peak, driving it higher with the feel of my cock against your clit as it fills you.

I continue to stroke, thrusting in and out, increasing the pace as your next orgasm continues to build on the foundations of the previous one. Your head lolls from side to side, your eyes tightly closed, your mouth slightly open. I lean forward and lick your nipples, gently sucking the erect buds between my teeth. You moan as I do this, still more pleasure building within you. My thrusting becomes increasingly urgent as I feel my own orgasm building to an unstoppable peak. 

I pull out, sliding my cock forward along your stomach as you reach for me. I lift up a bit as you grasp me, stroking my cock, bringing me still closer. My fingers find your pussy, stroking your clit as you stroke my cock. "I'm close," I tell you. "

"Uh, huh," you respond, increasing the pace. 

"Oh, yes," I groan, feeling the rush of my orgasm course through me. I hear you moan in release as my cum explodes from my cock, splattering your tits. "Oh, yeah, that feels so good." I hear. 

I glance down to see you rubbing my cock around your tits, smearing my cum into your skin, as your hips continue to shift against my hand, slowly dissipating your overwhelming pleasure. I lean forward, kissing you deeply as we both slide into the afterglow of orgasm. I break from our kiss, settling down beside you, holding you to me, enjoying the moment. We shift positions a bit, you placing your head upon my shoulder, resting comfortably.

I drift off toward sleep, pleasantly content is the feel of you against my side, your gentle breathing slowing as you drift into your own pleasant slumber. A perfect end to a perfect day. I can’t wait for the next.