 When I took the internship, I knew it would be more about making coffee and copies than actually getting involved, either in front of or behind the camera. But it didn't matter - it was still a good summer job, a chance to make some connections in the business, and a way to avoid going home, where my parents didn't support my dream to become a television journalist.

It was the summer between my sophomore and junior years, and my dream had just become a bit more real, as I'd been accepted to start as a major in the communications program in the fall. I was no longer just an undecided pre-major at Big State - I was on the path towards my dream career!

But there were still a lot of hurdles. I'd been told by a few professors and more than a few friends that my good looks could actually be a hurdle in the business. If I wanted to be taken seriously as a journalist, I'd need a lot of credentials and experience under my belt before people would see me as something other than just another pretty face. Well, not just a pretty face - with my natural blonde hair and big blue eyes - I also have a sexy build. And while most viewers of the male persuasion would undoubtedly enjoy my nice rack, with sweaters or stylish blouses straining against my chest, revealing a pleasant amount of cleavage, I knew it also meant a struggle to be taken seriously.

Anyway - my internship had been going well that summer. I worked hard, always jumping when someone needed something, being sure to shake hands and make eye contact. Most of all, making sure that everyone knew my name - Taylor - so that when they saw my resume in a few years, they'd remember me, hopefully in a positive light! But for the most part, I was in the background - a buzy bee, buzzing around the studio, but never actually a part of the action.

That all changed on the first day of Summer Fest. The station had the exclusive TV contract for covering the annual community event, which included concerts, a fun run, a parade, and an ever-popular food fest at the city park. I knew I'd probably be helping out, as it was a big production to get the equipment out to the various public venues. What I didn't realize is that it would provide an opportunity for my TV debut.

Cassie Cavanaugh, the popular host of the station's afternoon talk show, was the usual female face of the event coverage, partnered with the dreamy John Jacobsen. When word swept through the station that Cassie was home in bed with the flu, there was a panic. Who could replace her? They couldn't send John out by himself - even though he was hugely popular, it was the banter between the two that the public loved.

"What about the intern, Tammi," John said to the station manager, pointing at me.

"Taylor," I corrected before realizing that I probably shouldn't correct my idol.

"Sure, she can do it." John grabbed my hand and pulled me aside, ignoring the babbling of the station manager, who was undoubtedly explaining that I had no on-camera experience.

"Sorry I didn't remember your name, Taylor. Are you up for it?"

Sensing that this was one of those made-for-TV moments which I'd regret passing up, I gave him a confident "yes, absolutely!" before setting into a quiet, private panic that accompanied me all the way to the city park. My nervousness existed on many levels, going way beyond the fact that this would be my TV debut.

I would also be sharing the screen with my idol, one of my inspirations for choosing this career. John had come into the profession through sports, as a former athlete turned color commentator turned news anchor. He was one of the city's hottest celebs, and also commonly described as its most eligible bachelor, still hot as ever even at 45. I'd had a crush on this guy since I was 12, and although the crush had fortunately developed into a more grown-up professional admiration, I was still totally attracted to the guy.

So as you can imagine, as we drove to the Food Fest, my stomach was filled with more than butterflies. I wanted to make a good impression, as a student, as an intern, as a journalist, as a woman. Awkward, then, when I couldn't seem to avoid embarrassing situations on camera, or control the endless string of freudian slips coming out of my mouth.

First, I was caught on camera with my lips wrapped around a corndog. Granted, the director had given us food and told us to eat it in between witty comments about how much we were enjoying ourselves. But I timed it badly, and went to town with a big bite when I should have gone with a dainty nibble. When John looked at me, banter flowing easily from his lips, his eyes dropping from my eyes to my mouth, down to my chest and back up, I froze, ruining the take. Thank god it wasn't live.

A few minutes later, we were attempting a more impromptu scene, with John and I strolling past a few booths. Perfectly innocent, really, that I bent down to pick up the napkin I had dropped, and he bumped into me from behind. But as I looked toward the camera and imagined what they saw, what looked like John taking me from behind, I blushed a hot red and couldn't look anyone in the eye. This debut was not going well. The worst part was that I couldn't read John's reaction; he was such a damned professional!

The last straw came a few minutes later, when we had settled back into our chairs facing the camera, and were filming a series of short clips that would be run as advertisements for the festival. I had practiced my line a few times, and smiled into the camera with my hand wrapped around a big plastic cup of soda.

"Come to the Food Fest with that special someone, and get your hands on one of these giant cocks!"

"Cut!"

"Jeez, I'm sorry. Cokes. Cokes." I was humiliated, really more embarrassed that I couldn't pull myself together in front of John than at the fact that I'd probably just ruined any chance I had to make it on television. Still, I couldn't tell what he was thinking. He was so calm, so unflappable. Was he disgusted, was he inwardly laughing over my obvious nervousness, was he just ignoring me and cursing Cassie for getting the flu?"

"Taylor," he said, catching my eye, "let's take a break." Then, in a louder voice, "Let's take a break, everybody. Go get yourself something to eat, and let's meet back here in an hour."

As the group of cameramen and technicians scattered in various directions, we remained in our seats for a few moments. I was frankly afraid to open my mouth at this point, worried what might spill forth, so I figured I'd wait for him to speak. "Please don't worry, Taylor, it can happen to the best of us. I've had some pretty embarrassing bloopers in my day. Let's go to the van and watch some of the tape - I promise I can pull together a good pep talk for you."

I looked up at him with a smile, relieved that he wasn't completely fed up with me, and followed him over to the van, where he opened the door and motioned for me to climb the few steps ahead of him. As soon as the door closed behind him, he said, "You've shown a lot of talent today, Taylor, jumping right into this challenge with no preparation."

"Thanks, John. Um, that means a lot coming from you!"

"You're welcome. Now, for some advice. When you find yourself getting flustered in front of the camera like that, you need to figure out what's causing the problem, and confront it, so you can move on with your work."

As I looked at him quizzically, he stepped closer to me, reached out his hand, and quickly slipped it under the hem of my sundress, his fingers brushing across my clit through the fabric of my panties.

"Just as I thought. Although you're even wetter than I thought. Do I make you hot?"

"Oh, god yes," I blurted out, before realizing that I should probably be offended - or at least pretend to be - by his directness. I blushed again, and dropped my eyes.

"Look at me, Taylor. I'm not trying to embarrass you, just wanted to make my point. If you can't concentrate because you're attracted to me, I think we should solve that problem so that we can get back to work."

His fingers were already working, massaging my clit, and I couldn't help but moan.

"So, what do you think? Should we see if my theory is right? If you give in to your desires, act on this fantasy of yours, I bet you'll find yourself much better able to concentrate on camera."

I decided to respond with action, rather than words, wrapping my arms around his neck and finding his lips in a passionate kiss. He forced his tongue into my mouth, and before I knew what had happened, lifted me up off the floor and hoisted me onto the small table on the opposite side of the van. Once I was there, he pulled me to the edge and spread my legs, his hands tracing my inner thighs until they reached my now soaking-wet panties.

Pushing them to one side, his fingers began exploring my pussy lips, slipping easily between them and up to my clit. Slowly, he moved his fingers back and forth, until his fingertips began to slip inside of me. I groaned with pleasure, watching his deep brown eyes as they moved across my body, taking in every inch of my body, watching as the bulge grew in his slacks, reaching out to touch him.

At that moment, he refused my touch, instead kneeling on the floor in front of me, positioning himself to pleasure me with his tongue. I squirmed with anticipation - not only was I hot for John, it was the first time a man had gone down on me, and I only hoped that it was as amazing as I had imagined.

He began softly, gently, tracing around my clit and between my pussy lips with the tip of his tongue. Gradually, he moved faster, more intently, and I felt the occasional nibble on my clit, felt his tongue jab in and out of my dripping pussy. I squealed with pleasure as he caught my clit between his teeth, but he quickly pulled away, giving me a scolding look and pressing his finger to his lips, an instruction to be quiet. I remembered my surroundings, in the station's van parked in the middle of the city park, and pressed my lips together in mute understanding of his instruction.

He went back to work, and it wasn't long before waves of pleasure unlike any I had experienced began to flow through me. His tongue continued to tease my clit as he slid two fingers into my pussy and began thrusting in and out. Just as my muscles began to clench around his fingers, he forced two more inside of me, and I arched my back, pressing even more firmly against his fingers, his tongue. Silently, I came, bucking wildly on the table as he continued to pleasure me, my pussy juices flowing over his fingers.

I took a deep breath, recovering from my powerful orgasm, just in time to find his fingers, salty and sweet with my juices, forced into my mouth. As I licked his fingers clean, he stood up again, and I reached for his belt and zipper, fumbling for a moment but finally freeing his bulging cock. I stroked him for a few minutes before finally climbing off the table and kneeling in front of him.

Cradling his cock and balls with both hands, I took his tip into my mouth, gently licking around it in a slow, circular motion. He began a gentle thrusting motion with his hips, and I took the hint that he wanted me to take in more of his length. I wasn't sure I could take all of his length, so I kept one hand on his shaft, firmly stroking him as I continued to suck him off. He slipped the straps of my sundress off my shoulders, giving him access to watch my tits bounce playfully as I bobbed up and down on him.

He now grabbed my tits firmly, pinching my nipples as he began to thrust more firmly into my mouth. Even as I tried to keep my hand on his shaft, I could feel the tip of his long, thick cock reaching deeper into my throat. A few more firm pinches of my nipples took my attention away from my straining throat, and I managed to take his full length into my mouth, massaging his balls with both hands as he pressed into me.

He then let go of my tits, leaving them again to bounce freely, and instead placed on hand gently on each of my shoulders, before proceeding to pound furiously in and out of my mouth. Just when I was sure that he was going to shoot his load deep into my throat, he slowed his thrusts, gradually returning to a gentle motion, before pulling out of my mouth entirely.

"Tell me what you want, Taylor. Do you want me to fuck you?"

"Oh god yes, John, I want you to fill my pussy with your huge cock! I want you to pound me until we both cum!!"

He pulled me up from my knees onto my feet and pushed me towards the table. I rested my forearms against it and spread my legs for him. He shoved my sundress up to my waist and pressed his weight against mine, teasing me with contact that wasn't all I was hoping for. He lubricated his cock with the juices still flowing from my pussy, sliding his shaft against my lips until the tip reached my clit. Faster and faster he moved, but still not pressing inside of me, until I couldn't wait any longer.

I looked back at him over my left shoulder, and in a demanding whisper, said, "Fuck me, John. Now!"

Instantly, he was inside of me. The motion was so fast, and I was so wet, that it seemed effortless, and yet I had never felt so full, so deeply satisfied. "Oh god, yes!" I hissed again as he began to push in and out. He reached around and again grabbed my tits, massaging them gently, then firmly, then pinching and twisting my nipples as he fucked me harder and faster from behind.

Finally he couldn't maintain his grip on my breasts, our fucking was so fast and furious. He moved his hands to my hips, grabbing me firmly and using the grip to pound into me even more deeply. I knew I wouldn't last much longer, and hoped that John was ready to cum as well - I longed to feel him shoot a load deep inside of me as my pussy clenched around his cock.

"Yes, John, that's it, I'm going to cummmmmm!"

"Oh god, yes, Taylor, I'm going to fill your tight little pussy with my cum. Is that what you want?"

"Yes, yes, John, give it to me!"

He suddenly shifted, leaving behind the frantic in-and-out rhythm in exchange for a much slower, deeper thrust. His hands left my hips and two fingers sought out my clit, massaging it as I pressed back into him. The feeling was sensational as I felt a long, slow orgasm build. Wave after wave of pleasure hit me as he gradually sped his motions again, until he finally jerked and I felt his big hot load shoot deep inside of me.

We remained there for a few moments, panting, covered in sweat, before finally pulling ourselves up, adjusting our clothes back to something resembling decency, and deciding we were ready to leave the van and join the rest of the crew.

Oh, and his theory? Yes, I can confirm that once the sexual tension was cleared from the air, the rest of my debut was much more successful. Luckily for me, he decided that I needed even more practice later that night. And the next night. And the next...