 I wake to the smell of coffee brewing. As my eyes adjust to the morning light peeking through the bedroom window, I slowly realize I am not at home. I am laying in a bed with a soft warm down comforter covering half my naked body. I roll over and hug one of the fluffy down pillows. The aroma of male envelops me as I burrow my face into the pillow. It is a mix of the natural musky scent and expensive cologne that lingers in a man's clothes and in this case the sheets & pillowcases. I feel so relaxed. A large Cheshire cat like grin fills my face when memories of the events that brought me to this moment flood back to me... 

It's 3:45 Friday afternoon. The minutes are ticking slowly by as I sit at my computer cleaning up my e-mail inbox. When will 4 o'clock get here? My mind is on what I could be in for tonight. The e-mail message was mysterious. 

"There will be a package on your front step when you arrive home, Meet me 6 pm tonight at the Greek restaurant on Main Street wearing only what's in the box." 

After months of corresponding through e-mail and several near meetings that were canceled for one reason or another it was finally going to happen. Tonight was the night. One great thing that came from the delayed meeting is it afforded us the chance to get to know each other on a different level. He was insistent we not share photos and rely on "as accurate as possible" descriptions via letters and notes. His reasoning was to keep the mystery lingering as long as possible. In those months, we shared our life happenings, hopes, fears and dreams. Lately, the letters got more erotic and fantasy filled. We shared so many different scenarios. I wondered which one he would chose to play out tonight. 

The fantasies became the basis of my day and night dreams. I dreamt of him and the things we shared in the letters but had trouble actually seeing him clearly in the dream. I knew it was him, I felt him, but when it came to seeing him, his face was a fog. Tonight the fog was clearing. 

Glancing one more time at the clock on the wall behind me I gave out a sigh of relief that it was FINALLY 4 o'clock. Not waiting for my computer to completely shut itself down, I grabbed my keys and bolted from my desk before anyone else could stop me with a question or anything that would delay my departure. 

What could be in that box? Will I regret this meeting? What if he doesn't like me? What if I say something completely stupid? What if I have nothing to say? What if I don't like him? Why is this 20 minute commute feeling like 20 hours? Questions rattled through my mind non-stop the entire drive home. I don't really remember what music I had playing during the drive. I was so distracted with mind chatter that I nearly missed my exit off the freeway. I cursed each red light I hit on the main drag leading to my neighborhood. "Why is it I hit every fucking red light when I am in a hurry!" I say to myself at the last one before I turn onto my street. 

I pull into the driveway that leads back behind the main house to my little cottage apartment. And there on my front step was an elegant package in gold and purple. I park just steps away from my front door and hop out of the car excitedly, nearly tripping over my own feet. I scoop up the box and clumsily open my front door. 

Once inside, I sat down at the loveseat, took a deep breath and slid the gold bow off of the royal purple box. Inside on top of the tissue concealing the box contents was a gold embossed card. The card read, "I imagine you will look incredible in this. I can't wait to see you this evening." Underneath the tissue was a silk lavender dress. I held it up to me. It fell just above the knees. It was a sleek slip style dress that looked like it was form fitting. From my descriptions he was able to decipher my size and what color would compliment my golden tanned skin. "Oh yes, this is going to be an interesting evening," I smile. 

I showered and got ready for the evening ahead of me. I stood in front of the mirror in the bathroom with nothing but a towel contemplating what impression I wanted to give. I decided to go natural. I wanted him to see me for what I was everyday, never over made up, never heavy on flashy jewelry, and my long brown hair free and flowing. I sprayed on a little lavender body fragrance, keeping in line with the lavender theme, behind my ears down my neck and a little behind the knees. 

I let the towel drop. Now the big decision? he did say in his e-mail to only wear the dress. Do I dare? I have gone without underwear a few times when I felt extra naughty. Never braless though. I run my hands up my stomach to my breasts. My nipples stiffen immediately to my touch. "What the hell?" I slip on the dress. The silk feels so amazing against my skin. It feels cool, slippery and almost tickles as I move. The dress fits perfectly. I smile as I admire myself. I felt beautiful. I felt sexy. I was ready to meet him. 

I arrive at the restaurant a few minutes before 6 pm to survey the scene. I had dined at this particular Greek restaurant several times and was familiar with the menu. It happened to be one of my favorites. Looking around at the patrons, I noticed none were seated alone. I must have gotten there before he did. Then the host approached me and asked me to follow him. He led me to a table in the furthest corner of the restaurant, out of view from the other patrons. Seated at this table was my mystery man. 

He immediately stands up when he sees us approach. He is tall, maybe 6 feet or more. Warm smile. Stylishly dressed in an olive colored designer suit. I inhale sweet smell of his cologne as I stop at the table. The most mesmerizing feature on him? His sexy expressive eyes. I could never have imagined eyes like his. They were not your usual shade of brown. Maybe more towards hazel. But that didn't matter. They seemed to have a power to lure you in and not let you go. We both lock eyes as the host pulls out the chair for me. He takes my hand while never breaking the gaze, holds it up to his lips and gently kisses it. The kiss sent tingles up my arm and straight to my core. 

"I was right. You do look incredible in that dress," he says. The sound of his voice made my heart skip a beat. I was able to breathe out a "Thank you" as I felt myself blushing. 

"Please sit down" he motions to the chair that the host was still holding for me. After I'm seated he nods to the host. "I hope you don't mind, but I already ordered for us" he takes my hand again, "I recall you mentioning that you love every dish on the menu here." Oh god! his touch was making my sex grow warm and wet. 

"I'm impressed. You remembered," I managed to snap out of it for a moment. 

"I remember every little detail when I comes to you" he smiles. What could I say to that? All I could do is sit there and blush. 

A waiter brings a bottle of Ouzo and two glasses to the table. Slightly relieved at the interruption, I regained my composure while the wine was poured. After the waiter walked away, he moves his chair closer to mine. I felt the warmth of his body against mine. He hands me my glass and whispers in my ear, "To a great first evening together." I nod as I take a sip from my glass.

The waiter returns with a large combination platter of Hummus, Babaghnoosh, Tabbouleh and warm pita bread wedges. I turn to face him, dip a wedge into the hummus and hold it up to his mouth. "You get the first taste" I wink. He takes it from my fingers with his mouth. 

He smiles and says, "That was good, but I prefer it this way," he then dips a finger into the hummus and spreads a little on my lips. He follows this by licking it off then kissing me. I kissed him back, teasing his tongue with mine. I touched his knee and felt his leg muscles stiffen. I traced my fingers up his thigh and rested it on the growing bulge in his pants. I am thinking to myself that I would love to spread a little hummus on his hardening cock and lick it off of him if we were somewhere less public. When we both come up for air. I manage to say "Oh yeah, I like it much better that way." 

We continue to take turns feeding each other the remainder of the combo plate, finishing the rest of the ouzo, stealing kisses and discrete little gropes, and nibbling on each other's lips until the main dish arrives. We both take one look at the Moussaka as it sits in front of us with steam rising from it. "I don't know about you," he says as he makes a face, "but I'm a little full from the combo platter." "Me too," I giggle. "We'll take it to go. Maybe later we'll want it," he winks at the waiter. 

While the waiter was away wrapping up the Moussaka, He kissed me again. He slowly slid his hand up my thigh, between my legs and gasped when he reached my exposed wet pussy.

I let out a little moan as he traced his finger between the lips of my warm moist sex. "Oh, I have to get you out of here" he says before he sucks my juices from his fingers. A little out of breath and dizzy I shake my head in agreement. 

We hastily rushed to his car that is parked a couple blocks from the restaurant. I felt so tiny next to him. He was so much taller than I. He had his arm around me as we walk. I felt safe with him. I felt like we'd done this a thousand times before. We reach his car. It's dark and the streetlight his car is parked under is out. He fumbles for the keys. Once he gets them out of his pocket he opens the passenger door. He then pulls me into his arms, kisses me and slides his hand once more between my legs. His other hand finds its way up my dress to my breasts. He gently takes one nipple and rolls it between his thumb and forefinger. My breathing gets more and more labored as he continues arousing me with so many sensations at once. "Oh god, you are so wet!" he says as he nuzzles my neck, "Oh you smell so good!" 

I begin to tremble as he nibbles on my earlobe. His fingers gently trace the throbbing folds of my pussy, teasing around my clitoris and making me ache for more. I arch my hips up to meet his hand. I begin to fall into rhythm with him and feel anticipation of an orgasm building when in the distance a couple turned the corner and started to walk in our direction. We abruptly stop, I straighten my dress and he helps me into the passenger seat, kissing me on the forehead before closing the door. I let out a frustrated sigh at the interruption. He gets in the car on the driver's side. The couple walks on past the car and down the street, deep in conversation, paying us no attention. 

"Let's go someplace we can't be bothered," he says softly as he starts the car. 

As he navigates the city streets to get to the freeway on ramp, I reach over to his thigh and tease him with my nails. I slowly rake them up and down his leg, coming ever so closely to his thickened manhood, then trailing back towards his knee. At a stoplight before the on ramp, I reach over and unzip the fly of his pants. He looks at me with wide eyes. I slide my hand into the opening to feel silk. The silk was slightly damp of pre-cum drip from his arousal. I gently stroked through the material. 

"Oh Yesss," he growls in appreciation. His cock responded to my strokes. I felt it grow thick and harden at my touch. I feel around for the opening of his boxers and slide my hand inside. No more barriers. I was touching the hot velvety skin of his manhood. I could feel the pulse in his veins of his cock with my fingers. As I increased the rate of my stroking, the throb in his veins increased. I took pleasure in watching his breathing become ragged as his arousal peaked. The light changed but went un-noticed by either of us until the driver in the car waiting behind us honked his horn. Startled, we both chuckled as he gets the car moving through the intersection and on to the freeway. I continue to touch his cock as he drives. I amuse myself by watching him try to concentrate on driving while I stroke and rub him. 

Once we are on the freeway and at a constant cruising speed, I take his free hand and invite him to touch my wet pussy. I guide his fingers in a circular motion around the folds of skin that were now so swollen, slippery and aroused from his touch. He gently takes over. The sensations peak as he lightly traces figure eights around my clit and the hot wet opening of my pussy. Every time he reaches the sensitive hood of skin above my clit, I feel like I am about to explode then he trails away. He continues this teasing torture, bringing me oh-so-close, and then stopping. I try to keep in rhythm with him as I stroke his cock, but the constant teasing is too much for me. I get frustrated and can't concentrate on anything but what his fingers are doing. He smiles at me menacingly while I squirm and groan for more of his touch. He is enjoying every second that he is purposely torturing me. I unhand his cock in punishment to his teasing and grab his hand with both of mine. 

"Two can play at this game!" I smile devilishly. 

He looks at me with alarm as I take his hand, soaking wet with my juices and suck hungrily on each finger. Sliding them one at a time into my mouth, I swirl my tongue down the length of each one, devouring each last drop of my sweet pussy juice. 

"Oh god," he shudders. 

I then trace my tongue along the web between each finger, sucking and nibbling before I work my way down to his palm. I draw rapid little circles across it making his whole body react in such intense shuddering convulsions that he almost loses control of the car. 

"Am I going to survive this evening or will you put me into cardiac arrest?" He jokingly asks. 

"Do you have 911 on speed dial?" I joke back before sliding his middle finger slowly and entirely between my lips and into my mouth. 

"Ooh, you are going to get it!" he threatens playfully as he takes his hand away before turning the car off the freeway and up a winding road. 

His home was set up in the hills amidst redwood and eucalyptus trees. He had neighbors but the properties were spread so far apart that he still had a great deal of privacy. We pull up in front of his house and he helps me out of the car. It was totally silent except for a few crickets and the hum of cars way off in the distance. 

The scent of eucalyptus from the trees nearby was strong. I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. "I wish they could bottle the smell of eucalyptus trees. They try, but it is never like this." I say. He pulls me into his arms, "I wish they could bottle your scent." He takes my chin leads my face up to his before kissing me. He moves his other hand up and down my back caressing the silk fabric of the dress. "Let's go inside," He says taking my hand and leading me to the house. 

Once inside, He takes off his suit coat and tosses it on a chair in the entryway. I follow him as he turns on a few lights and gives me a brief tour of his home. The décor was definitely of a man's design. A classic bachelor pad. Leather couch with matching reclining chairs, humidor/coffee table, state of the art entertainment system, extensive CD and DVD collection. The speakers were built into the walls and the high definition flat screen television was mounted over a fireplace. He grabbed the remote and turned on the CD player. Andrea Boccelli played softly throughout the house. I wander over to the large window that overlooked the city skyline in the distance. 

"You have an incredible view," I say as I gaze out at the flickering lights. 

"I sure do," he says from behind me. I see his reflection in the window to notice he is staring at me. I turn around and smile brightly at him, "I meant the city!" I giggle. 

"I'm sorry, can't help it," he pulls me in close so that my body is pressing tightly against him, "You are just so beautiful, all I can think of is what you look like naked." 

I grind myself into his cock as it strained against the material of his pants. "I'm thinking... we need to answer that question, don't we?" I say impulsively as I guide his hands to my ass. He carefully moves his hands down and under the hem of the dress to caress the curves. He then slides the dress up my body and over my head. The silk dress falls to the floor next to us in a small pile. 

He steps back and sighs, " Oh yes, you are everything I imagined." I feel as if I am melting from his gaze. My pussy is so wet I can feel the moisture trickle down my leg. 

"Come with me," he takes my hand and leads me to the kitchen. It is a modest kitchen with all stainless steel appliances. In the center of the room is a butcher's block island. He lifts me up so that I am sitting on the cool wood surface of the island. I am at eye level with him. His eyes lock in to mine. A sudden chill runs through my body. Was it excitement? Nervousness? Anticipation? I feel slightly self-conscious sitting there so vulnerable and naked in his kitchen with him fully dressed in front of me. Sensing my unease, he takes my head in his hands and kisses me. There is a slight force in his kiss this time. He kissed me like a hungry man who has been stranded on an island for weeks with nothing to eat but local roughage and water and I was his first good meal in months. 

I kiss him back with the same feverish enthusiasm. Nibbling on his lips, tracing them with my tongue then up his neck, tracing the outermost region of his ear to finally suck gently on his earlobe. His hands find my breasts and he caresses and cups one in each hand. He kisses down my neck to the cleft between my breasts sucking in the sensitive skin. He knew this was one of my zones that we talked so much about in our letters. I started to purr like a cat because the feeling was so amazing. He takes my breasts, presses them together and rubs his face between them. "Ooh Yeah" I moan as he sucks and nibbles and licks my nipples that were now at full attention. Goosebumps rise over my entire body as he trails his way back up my chest, up my neck to my ear. He dips his tongue into my ear. I shivered at the sensation of heat radiating from my ear straight to my sex. He looked at me with a smile; amused at the state he had me in. 

I look into his eyes as I unbutton his shirt and slide it off his shoulders, letting it fall back to the floor behind him. I run my hands over his broad chest and through the tufts of hair, finding his nipples. I pinch each of them and they respond immediately. They look so delectable. I bend down and nibble a little on each. He moans in appreciation. I reach for his pants when he stops me.

"Not yet," his hands are restraining mine at the wrist. He had a "be patient" look in his eyes as he pushed me to back on the table to a laying position. 

He held me down and laid over me. His chest pressed into mine. My nipples rubbed against his. He kissed me once more before trailing down my neck, through the cleft between my breasts, over my stomach, stopping at my navel. He let go of my hands and grasped my hips while he circled the perimeter of my navel with his tongue then dipped it in. It was a ticklish spot for me and I squirmed. He held me down and continued to torture me. I nervously giggled, not knowing when or if he'd stop. Then the giggles became laughter. He looked up at me, a little disgruntled.

"I'm sorry, it tickles," I chuckle. That's when he moved on southward. I was still giggling a little when his lips reached my hot wet sex. The giggling turned to gasps of pleasure when he repeated the actions from earlier in the car on the drive over, this time it was with his tongue. He again traced figure eights around my clit and the hot wet opening of my pussy, this time sucking on the sensitive folds of skin along the way then dipping his tongue into my wetness. My arousal was at such a heightened state from the earlier foreplay that it was not going to take very long before I would cum. 

I could feel a flood of my juices seep into his mouth. As he buried his face deep into my pussy, I shivered at the slurping sound he made while drinking me in. My wetness saturated his face, my thighs, the table... His tongue flicked at my clit then he took it between his lips. He sucked on it like it was the pit from a cherry and he was trying to get every last bit of the fruit off of it. That was when the shockwave started. They originated from the point where his lips were on my clit and radiated outward through my entire body. 
