 Warning, this story is for adults only. If you don't like reading erotica about consensual sex between two adults, leave now. If you are under 18, leave now. This story only has the author's permission to be posted on literotica.com. Any other websites wishing to post this story please contact the author. ENJOY (MF).

This is a little story about me, Bob, and a friend, Dana after a mutual friend's wedding. Enjoy and please vote. 

* * * * *

I wasn't looking forward to going to the wedding. My best friend Jimmy was marrying a girl that I didn't get along with at all. We didn't get along from day one and the best way to put it was that she was a bitch. I arrived at the wedding and saw Dana, a friend that I hadn't seen in a couple of months. Dana is about 5'10" tall, brunette - a nicely built woman with a nice ass and huge tits. She was wearing a blue dress with spaghetti straps which fit tightly across her ass and only went down to her knees. We sat together during dinner and caught up on old times. When the first slow dance started, I asked Dana to dance. By this time we both had consumed a few mixed drinks and beers. During our first slow dance she held me tight as she put her head on my shoulder. My hand slowly went to her back as I gently rubbed up and down. Gradually I got more daring and reached farther down until I felt her nice ass. As my hands reached her ass, the song ended and she whispered, "Bathroom break."

She returned from the bathroom looking all freshened up. The next slow dance started and she had a new fire in her eyes. She was more aggressive, not content to just lay her head on my shoulder anymore. Looking into my eyes she put her arms around me and pulled me tight to her. I gently cupped her ass and pulled her into me. As we danced I started to get hard and she kept pulling me into her. The feel of her breasts pushed up against my chest and her ass in my hands was intoxicating. After a few dances Dana suggested that we go. However, we couldn't leave right away as I had to wait for my hardness to go down before I could walk properly. 

We left the wedding and Dana said, "Let's stop at Big Bill's before you take me home." On the way to Big Bill's she reached over and started rubbing my leg up and down, each time getting closer to my hardening cock. Shortly, I pulled into the parking lot and we got out of my mustang. On the way into the bar I reached down and rubbed her ass through the thin fabric of her dress. The bar was crowded, but we found a stool at the other end of the bar. She ordered a long island ice tea and I ordered a rum and coke. Because it was so crowded, there was no stool for me, so I stood behind Dana at her stool. This allowed me to look over her shoulders and have a great view of her ample cleavage and the tops of her beautiful breasts. The sight had my pants tenting out with a monster begging to be released from its confines. After she had finished her drink, Dana turned around in her chair. She pulled her skirt up as she scooted to the edge of the stool. She then grabbed my waist and pulled me into her. My steel hard cock was now rubbing against her pussy, only separated by my pants and her panties. She pulled my head down towards her.

"Take me home, now!" she said.

I gave the bartender a twenty saying, "Keep the change." 

"Have fun!" was his reply.

While walking back to my car, Dana's hands were all over my ass. She stuck her hand in my back pocket and gave my ass a squeeze. When we reached my car I helped her in but not before squeezing her ass back! In the car we looked at each other with lust and leaned in for a passionate kiss. She broke the kiss off saying again, "Take me home!"

On the way there she couldn't keep her hands off me. I reached over with my right hand and massaged her leg between shifts. Each time I went back to her leg I reached further and further up, closer to her love box. I reached up and gently rubbed her warm pussy through her panty hose and panties. She started to moan and then she slowly started rubbing up and down my hard member painfully confined by my pants. 

My concentration was focused on slowly rubbing her up and down, feeling her warmth radiating from her pussy, when she yelled, "Turn left!" Too late - I missed the turn, so we went down to the next road and turned around before making it to her house. 

We got out of the car at her house and walked up to the door with my right hand on her ass and Dana leaning her head on my right shoulder. When we got to the door, she asked, "You want to come in?" 

I eagerly jumped at the chance, saying, "Sure!" She lived in the basement of her parent's house in a mini-apartment. It had a living room with a TV and a couch, a bedroom and a bathroom. 

She walked towards the bathroom, pointing to the couch and said, "Have a seat." My eyes were glued on her ass as it shook with every step towards the bathroom. 

She sat down on the couch beside me when she returned from the bathroom. The TV was on but one look in her lust-filled eyes told me that I would not be watching TV tonight. We slowly leaned in and our lips connected as we started off with a little kiss. This rapidly progressed to an all out oral assault on each other. I could feel her tongue on my lips and opened my mouth to allow it to enter. I put my arms around Dana and pulled her close to me. I could feel her large breasts pushed up against my dress shirt as she slowly started to undo my tie. One of my arms slowly slid down her back and reached under her dress to feel her ass. I was surprised when I realized that she had removed her pantyhose in the bathroom as I felt her soft lacy panties on her nice ass. My hand went under her panties and rubbed her soft ass. 

She was starting to moan now and had my tie completely off. She slowly started unbuttoning my shirt as we continued to kiss. I broke off the kiss and she just looked at me as I slowly started to unzip her dress. I unzipped it about halfway before I reached up and gently removed her dress straps from her shoulder. She shrugged her arms out of the straps and I pushed the top of her dress down to reveal her massive tits. The silver dollar sized areolas and hard pointed nipples were begging for my attention. I started to massage each breast and sucked on the left one, then the right. I rolled her nipples between my fingers as I sucked her tits. My cock was rock hard and needing release, so she reached down and started to rub it through my pants. 

She unbuttoned the top button of my pants and was greeted by the head of my hard cock poking through my boxers. She grabbed the hem of her dress and pulled it up to her waist, and moved to straddle me. She was straddling me on the couch with her breasts in full view and my hard cock rubbing against her warm moist panties. She started moving up and down as my cock rubbed her moistened slit. It was positioned at her opening only blocked by her very wet blue lacy panties. She reached down and grabbed both sides of my pants, so I lifted my ass off the couch, allowing her to pull my pants down and off. While she was pulling my pants down, she stood up off of my lap. I got up also and proceeded to finish unzipping her dress. She let it fall to the ground and stood before me with only her soaked panties on. I reached into her panties to run my finger through her hair and found that she was neatly trimmed with a landing strip of hair leading toward the pot of gold. At the end of the landing strip a moist wet slit engulfed my finger. 

Slowly I grabbed both sides of her panties and started to push them to the floor. As she stepped out of her panties my eye level was even with her wet love flower waiting to bloom. The labia were pink and moist and her clit was just starting to bud out from behind its covering. As I stood up I brought her blue lacy panties to my nose to smell her scent. Quickly I took off my dress shirt as she pushed me back onto the couch. While sitting on the couch she reached over to the drawer in the end table and came back with a condom. She straddled me again and slowly stroked my hard cock as she tore open the wrapper with her teeth. She slowly unwrapped the rubber and put it on my throbbing dick. When she was finished she lifted herself up as I brought her breasts to my mouth. She positioned her dripping wet pussy on my cock and moved back and forth so the head could feel the warmth and moisture. Slowly she slid down onto my cock as I sucked her nipples and my dick was enveloped in a warm moist paradise. She moaned all the way down and when she reached the bottom of my cock, she used her pussy muscles to squeeze me. My cock was in heaven, my hands on her tits and my mouth sucking one of her nipples. 

As she started moving up and down, she arched her back pointing her breasts out more for me. She was moaning really loud trying not to scream because her parents were upstairs. We fucked harder and faster - you could hear her ass coming down on my pubic bone and the squishing of her juices going down the rubber and into my groin. She became more aggressive, going faster and squeezing me more and more. 

"My clit, my clit," she cried.

I reached down and rubbed her clit with my thumb; back and forth and in a circular motion. "Oh, I am getting close, Oh, more, more," she said as she started shaking and finally moaned, "Oh fuck yes, I'm Cumming.... ". As she came down from her natural high she repeatedly squeezed my hard dick with her pussy. 

I kept going in and out until I yelled, "I'm getting close, oh fuck, yes, fuck me." 

"Oh Bob, cum for me baby, cum," she screamed, as the sexual vixen continued to squeeze my dick with her pussy and started to nibble on my ears. Finally, I spun her around on the couch so she was sitting there with her legs splayed open as my cock went in and out. 

I pushed in one last time, held it to the hilt and moaned, "OHHH, Dana I am coming, oh baby, fuck yes." Physically spent, I leaned forward, resting my head on her sweaty red chest; giving her a big hug enjoying the moment.

We stayed in the embrace until my cock went down and was lying in her pussy soft. It came out with a "pop" and I took my place next to her on the couch. We sat there, Dana staring at my shrunken rubber-covered member while my eyes were focused on her sweat encased breasts. Dana got up off the couch and grabbed my hand. She lead me to the bathroom were we cleaned each other up.

We returned to the couch after cleaning up and saw her dress and panties on the floor, my jeans, shirt and boxers strewn around. "Its time for bed," she stated. So I lay down on the couch and Dana came over to me with her blue lacy panties in her hand. As she lay down in front of me on the couch she handed me her panties. I put them to my nose and took a deep breath. We covered ourselves up and drifted to sleep, spooning with my arm around her waist.

The next morning I woke up. . . . 

To be continued. More Installments will follow if I receive good feedback from this installment. 