 I teach high school math and some science. We had graduation over the weekend. Yesterday after class, I was taking down some decorations, since all we have left is the non-seniors' finals. I missed the trash bag with a staple I'd just removed from a poster. I picked it up, and when I looked up, I saw a former student. "Hi, Mr. Phillips," she greeted me.

"Hi, Tawny," I said. "What brings you by?"

"I just wanted to thank you for letting me sit in with the baseball team. After I broke my leg, I didn't think I'd be able to get a scholarship."

I should explain that our school requires everyone to either coach a sport or sponsor an extracurricular activity of some sort. Mine is girls' softball. We don't always have a great pool of talent to choose from, but if I may be immodest, I always get them as far as their talent will allow, and the ones who aren't that good at least learn the game well enough to enjoy it as a spectator. I've had a couple girls tell me that it was an easy "A" for their P.E. credit in college, and a few more than that who said it helped them keep up a conversation with their boyfriends.

"Were you able to play another sport, then?"

"No, but I got an academic scholarship to Northeast, and they recommend that I try out as a walk-on in the spring."

"Congratulations!" I said. I was trying to maintain eye contact, but Tawny was wearing a see-through blouse and short orange shorts. I couldn't help looking at her thighs. "I'm pretty sure these violate the dress code."

"I graduated, did you forget? What are they gonna do, expel me?" We both laughed.

"They could hold your diploma," I pointed out. I hadn't seen it happen for anything a senior had done after graduation, but I'd heard of plenty who got it for actions between their last class day and the ceremony.

"I guess I'll just have to change clothes then," she said. "Do you have a spare uniform I could wear?" She took her shorts off to reveal a neon pink thong.

"Let me help you," I said. "I'd hate to be the reason you're caught wearing clothes that aren't up to code." I undid the buttons of her blouse. Since it was see-through, I was hardly surprised when I saw that she wasn't wearing a bra. I heard some construction equipment in the distance, and I quickly pulled the curtains down on the windows.

When I finished, Tawny had taken her shirt the rest of the way off. She put her arms around me and kissed me on the lips. "I've wanted to kiss you since the party after we won our division."

"You didn't have to undress for that," I pointed out.

"No, but I've wanted to do more than that since the one after we won State." Her underwear covered so little that when my hands slipped down, I felt her butt. It felt as good as it looked, and my dick responded. "Apparently I'm not the only one," she added.

"But you're my student," I objected. I was putting on a show, for the benefit of my conscience as much as any actual consequence that might follow.

"I never enrolled in your classes," Tawny corrected me. "I wasn't on the team this year. I wasn't even a coach's assistant. I'm just a friend who came along for the ride."

She didn't have to convince me; I already had my right hand between her thighs. "I wish I had more friends like you," I told her.

She pushed me away, and I thought she'd changed her mind, but she started unbuttoning my shirt. I put my hands up to feel the lower part of those firm tits while I could. Once my shirt was undone, I shrugged it off, and Tawny proceeded to unbuckle my belt. "Is that a baseball bat, or are you just glad to see me?" she asked.

I couldn't resist that. I hadn't removed my tie, but I unzipped my pants and let them fall to the floor. "I'm glad to see you," I answered. "And I'm really glad to see so much of you!" Tawny grabbed my tie and tried to pull me toward my desk. I told her, "Someone could peer through the window on the door and see us." I led her to a table in the corner instead.

Tawny hopped backward onto the table. I leaned down and licked a circle around each nipple before sucking it into my mouth. I kissed a line down her stomach until I got to her thong. She asked, "Do you want to take it off, or would you rather watch me do it?"

"I will," I said. "Then you can return the favor."

"You're taking a lot for granted," she said with a smile.

I tugged on the sides. Tawny lifted herself up long enough for me to pull the thong halfway down her thigh. I was going to just dive in, but I wanted to savor this. "You obviously had this planned," I said. "Did you have fun planning it?"

"Sure," she said.

"Tell me what you imagined." Just so she'd get the idea, I put her hand over her pussy.

"First I pictured your hand on my tush," she said. "That gave me a tingly feeling." She put her fingers on either side of her pussy and rubbed up and down. "Then I imagined you sucking on my tits, and I got more excited." She brought her hand up again, and her middle finger passed over her cunt lips. "After that, I imagined your cock in my mouth, and I had to do something about it." She put her index finger in her pussy and started fingering herself.

"Did you go fast?"

"I started slow and went faster as I got more excited." She did just that for a couple minutes and stopped. "Hey, Mr. Phillips, I'm giving you a show. Shouldn't you be doing the same for me?"

"Fair is fair," I agreed. I slipped my hand inside my briefs and started stroking the head.

"Better, but you can actually see me, and I can't see you."

"Fine," I said. I sighed and rolled my eyes, pretending that I didn't want to be naked from the ankles up. I pointed my cock straight ahead as I pleasured myself. I made sure not to go too hard, lest the visit end abruptly.

"That's what I'm talkin' about," Tawny said. "Do I turn you on?"

"Mm-hmm!"

"Good. You're turning me on too," she said. She got off the table and knelt in front of me. She took the whole length of my cock in her mouth before she let it back out. "Sometime during the last week of the season, Becky was playing third base, and I noticed her shorts were riding way up. If I could see that much of her butt, I'm sure you could too. I don't know if it's a coincidence, but you definitely had a hard-on. Anyhow, once I saw what you're packing, I knew I had to have it."

"Is it as long as you remember? Or as you thought you remembered?"

"It's impressive, but I was talking about how hard it looked." She paused. "And it's even better."

I put my hand on the back of her head. "Most of that's your doing," I assured her.

"An erection like this is too good to waste on a blow job," Tawny said.

I hadn't been sucked in close to a year, but that made me smile from ear to ear. "On my desk?" I asked.

"Only if you're planning on climbing up there with me," she said. She got on all fours and removed her thong.

"And here I thought you wanted it in your pussy," I said.

"I do," she said. "What did you-Oh, I get it. Maybe later."

"Aren't you going to take your shoes off?" I asked. Mine were in the way of my pants, so they had to come off. 

"Nah, it feels naughtier this way."

I was still standing a few feet back. "Damn, that is one gorgeous pussy," I remarked.

"Come and get it," Tawny said invitingly.

"Oh, I will, but first I want to enjoy this view." Her bush and her cunt were picture-perfect together. I was tempted to get my cell phone and preserve the sight, but my dick couldn't wait any more. I got on my knees behind her and swatted her butt. I pointed my cock between her thighs. I missed the mark a little and I actually did end up between her thighs. I've had a couple of girlfriends when I was younger who let me do that till I came instead of actually fucking them, but this time it felt so great that I thrust a couple times just for the fun of it.

Her vocal reaction let me know she liked it too, but she was eager to move along. "Now for real," she said.

I raised the shaft a little, I moved back in, and soon I was inside the tightest pussy I'd felt in years. It wasn't that tight-she clearly was no virgin-but compared to anything I'd had since I turned thirty, it was incredible. She had the perfect combination of youth and experience. I didn't have a hard time entering her, but she was easily able to hold my dick tight enough that it couldn't slip out. On one of my thrusts, her tits swayed way over to the right. If I couldn't see them while I fucked her, I wanted to feel them. "Sit up," I said, and she did. I put my hands over them. They were as firm as her cunt. My cock was now moving up as I fucked her, and I could feel her bone rubbing against the tip of my shaft. The whole experience was too much. "I'm gonna come!" I announced.

"Do it!" Tawny urged.

I let out a roar like I'd just turned into the Hulk and filled that hot young pussy with my cum. I was so into rubbing her tits that I was able to keep doing that till I finished coming. Tawny extricated herself, and we both caught our breath. "That was amazing!" I told her.

"Same here," she said. "You really know how to pace yourself. That's why I stopped dating guys my own age."

"Yeah?"

"In January I fucked a mechanic to pay for a new brake line, and it was a game-changer. You're probably the youngest guy I've been with since then. Or at least the youngest-looking."

"January, huh?" I thought for a moment. "Okay, I probably saw your date of birth when you played softball, but had you turned eighteen in January?"

"Back in September," she said. There was a brief silence, and Tawny asked, "What's wrong?"

I got a gleam in my eye. "It's later."

"And? Oh, that."

"I'm wishing we'd done it in the missionary position, or even sitting, so I could see your tits bounce. But now we're doing anal, so I guess I missed my chance."

"We can do both," she pointed out. "And on your desk, like you wanted. In fact, it'll be easier that way." Once again, she grasped my tie, and this time it was Tawny leading me to the desk instead of the other way around.

I moved a glass paperweight to the table and shoved everything else off the desk. "Something else I always wanted to do," I said.

Tawny climbed onto the desk, almost as naked as the surface. She raised her legs high in the air and far apart. "Huh," she said with a laugh. "If I'd been this limber last year, I could've won us a couple more games. Do they give Gold Gloves for high school?"

"Not in our conference," I answered wistfully. I got my index finger into her ass just to make sure she was ready. She might have been, but I spat into my palm and rubbed it into her for good measure. As asses go, hers wasn't difficult to get into, but it took a little more effort than her pussy.

"Fuck, yeah, give it to me, Mr. Phillips," she said.

Now that I was in, I put her calves over my shoulders. I still went slowly at first, but once I was in, I was in for good. I deliberately rocked from side to side so her tits would jiggle. She got the idea and started shaking them on her own. "Oh, fuck, yeah, let those titties fly, Tawny!"

"Do women usually masturbate during anal?" she asked.

"Not in my experience," I said. "Course, I've only done it with one or two. Been watching porn?"

"How'd you know?"

"Just one of those differences between porn and the real thing. Sometimes I think the only reason they do anal in the sitting position is to give the audience the same view I'm getting."

"Is it a good one?"

"If you have to ask, I must not be doing it right," I answered. I fucked that ass even harder. Now her tits were literally a blur. "Shit! Fuck!"

"Coming again?" Tawny asked.

I couldn't even answer. I managed to nod, and I rammed my hips into hers one more time.

"You're amazing too," she said. "Any other guy would have locked the door first."

I haven't needed my inhaler since I was in the seventh grade, but suddenly I wished I had it. I ran to the door and looked around it. There was no one to see or hear us. "I wish you'd found me in the gym," I said. "Then I could pretend I was taking you out of a game and tell you to hit the showers." I started putting my clothes back on.

Tawny got off the desk and put her thong back on. "Same time next week? Loan me a uniform and I'll make it happen."

"Let me get my clothes back on," I told her. "There's one in the gym I was gonna throw out 'cause it has a permanent grass stain."

"In that case, how 'bout we meet on the field and make some stains of our own before you take me out? Of the game." By this time, she was fully dressed. Well, to the extent that she was dressed when she came through the door.

This may turn out to be my best summer yet.