 My friend Jason and I are part of a community theater group. Neither of us could sing or act if his life depended on it. We're part of the stage crew. Being a small group, that means we design things and operate them. Jason is the one with the creative ideas for lighting and set design, but they're required to have a licensed electrician to oversee whatever they do. I'm that guy, and I get to write my time off as a contribution to a non-profit.

Jason had to go out of town for a few days. I was over at his place discussing ideas for our upcoming production of Meet Me in St. Louis. The streetcar scene alone called for a lot of lights and literal bells and whistles. We hooked up a couple things to see if they'd work. They didn't right away, but I said I'd try a couple variations while he was away. We were standing at the front door discussing other things before I left, when his daughter Tawny passed between us. She seemed to be in a hurry as she said, "Hi, Mal." She was wearing short shorts and a revealing top.

Jason was still talking while I watched her get in her car and start the engine. The car was backed in, so I got to see her shapely ass as she got in. "Nice!" I said. Either he didn't hear me or he thought I was talking about his idea. Thank God, either way.

Tawny got out again and came back in. "Forgot my phone," she said. When she was on her way back out, I had my hands down, and her butt grazed my hand. She also dropped her keys before she got in the second time, and I would have had a nice view of her tits when she bent over if I'd been closer.

I was ignoring Jason while I did the math. You have to be sixteen to be part of our group unless you're playing a character who's under twelve. She understudied the Salvation Army lady in Guys and Dolls. When was that? A shade under two years ago, so unless she got the part right after her sixteenth birthday, she was almost certainly eighteen by now. Whew! I listened to the rest of what Jason told me, said, "Uh-huh," and told him I'd see him the next week.

A couple nights later, my phone rang. The caller ID identified it as Jason's phone. It wasn't his cell, which is how he usually contacts me even when he's in town. The call was from his landline to mine. I picked it up. "Hello?"

"Is this Mal?" a female voice asked. It sounded familiar.

"Yes."

I realized who it was just before she identified herself. "It's Tawny." I must have been nervous, remembering what I'd been thinking about the last time I saw her, because I was silent for a few seconds. "Jason's daughter?"

"I remember," I assured her. It was an understatement.

"We just lost power in about a third of the house. It's not an outage, because everyone else in the neighborhood is okay. Dad told me you're an electrician. Would you come over and see what's wrong?"

"I'll be right over," I told her. Luckily, my ex has the kids during the week, so I didn't have to find anyone to watch them.

It was already after dark when I got there. I knocked on the front door, and Tawny yelled, "It's open!" from a distance. I let myself in, and the living room was pitch black. I could hear noises in the kitchen, getting closer. When Tawny got to me with a lantern-size flashlight, she was wearing a lace bra and cut-off shorts that seemed painted on.

"I think I'm overdressed," I joked.

"The air conditioning went out too," Tawny explained. "Doesn't do me any good to have you here if I'm passed out on the floor."

I managed not to make a joke about frat parties. I just told her, "I remember where your fuse box is basically, but I don't know the best way to get there. Why don't you lead me, and I'll follow the light?"

I was already looking forward to five minutes of watching that sexy ass walk in front of me, but she made it better when we got to the stairs. Since the lights were out down there too, she went down sideways. "Keep your hand on my hip so you'll know when we're at the bottom," she said.

"Okay," I said. I wasn't about to point out that she could simply have put the lantern down to light the way and then one back for it. I was prepared to apologize for my hand "slipping" down to her butt, but she didn't seem to mind.

When we got to the fuse box, I could feel my T-shirt getting damp. Tawny held the lantern up so I could see. I found the master switch and flipped it on and off. All the lights came back on, and we could her multiple devices beeping as they powered back on. "You're a lifesaver, Uncle Mal," she said. She looked at my shirt and added, "Looks like you're sweating too. Would you like a beer?"

Now I had a better look at her. Not only was her butt as nice as I'd remembered, but her bra was clinging to her, and I could make out the shape of her tits. They were like teardrops. "Sure," I said. Anything to distract myself from her body, and if that didn't work, to distract her from noticing that I was checking her out.

Since I'd come into the humidity suddenly, I just wanted to stand back and relax. Tawny went upstairs to get the beers. I was pretty sure she wasn't 21, but it wasn't my house, and she didn't look like she'd be driving before morning, so I didn't press the issue. "Cheers," she said.

I took a sip and got a little bold. "Your jeans remind me of a really old joke."

"Yeah?" She ran her can down my left upper arm. Her beer can, I mean.

"A guy sees a woman in a bar wearing tight jeans. He can't believe how tight they are. They look like they were painted on. He goes over and tells her so. 'If you don't mind my asking, how do you get into those jeans?' She tells him, 'You can start by buying me a drink.'"

Tawny laughed and put my hand at what you'd call the hem of her shorts if they weren't cut-offs. "You don't even have to do that," she told me.

I crushed my beer can, the contents spilled everywhere, my eyes bugged out like a Tex Avery cartoon, and an old-fashioned car horn sounded. Tawny didn't react to any of that, so I guess I must have imagined it. My actual reaction was just, "What do you mean?"

She put my other hand on the button of her jeans and told me, "And you make me think of the bumper sticker, 'Let an electrician undo your shorts.'" There was a brief, awkward silence. "I heard you say, 'Nice,' the other night. I didn't hear you say 'ass,' but I was facing away, so I know that's what you meant."

"I was talking about the piece we'd just build for the play," I told her.

"You're a lousy liar," Tawny replied.

"I'm still working on it," I admitted. "So you're not creeped out?"

"I would be if you were less attractive," she said. She stepped back, looked at my jeans and added, "And well-hung."

I laughed. "No point lying about that!"

She put my hand back on the button. "Come on," she said invitingly. "What are you waiting for?"

There was no point in resisting. I undid the button and pulled her jeans down to reveal a microscopic undergarment. I saw one pubic hair sticking over the top, but I didn't get a chance to notice what was actually exposed, because Tawny turned around and wiggled that sexy ass till her jeans were on the floor. I put my hands on the part of her butt that was covered, and then I moved them below. I put my right hand between her legs to how she'd react. She pulled on my fingers and pressed them onto her pussy. I could feel some pussy flesh exposed, so I played with that for a minute. I wanted to say something, but I didn't know what. "Your panty isn't covering much, but your bra's gone see-through from the sweat."

"I guess it's not doing much good, then. You may as well take it off." I could see the clasps, so I had no difficulty undoing them. I pulled the straps off her shoulders. Tawny took it the rest of the way off. "I'm literally down to my underwear," she pointed out. "Shouldn't you be?" I stripped down to my briefs in no time. I moved behind her and palmed her tits. "Oh, Uncle Mal, you've got such a gentle touch!"

I put my left hand down and traced the line above her panty. "I wasn't sure if that's how you liked it."

"It depends on what I'm in the mood for." She moved her hips so my fingers covered different areas that apparently gave her different sensations. Then she ground her hips against me. "You know, considering how much you like my ass, you don't seem to be in a hurry to see it," she said.

"That's 'cause I can see most of it already," I explained. "Plus, once I do, I don't know if I can control myself." Tawny was losing patience. She started pulling her own underwear down. There it was, the most gorgeous ass I'd ever seen, right where I could touch it. "You're making me wish I'd worn boxers," I said.

She pulled it the rest of the way off, and now she was naked. "You're making me wish I hadn't worn anything underneath." I moved up so she'd feel my hard cock against her ass. "That's more like it, Uncle Mal," she said. I felt my dick get harder. She must have too, because she added, "You like it when I call you that, don't you?"

I nodded, even though I knew she couldn't hear it. "I have to keep reminding myself I'm not really your uncle. I'm just a creep, not a criminal."

"You're not creepy," she assured me as she massaged my cock with her butt cheeks. "A creep wouldn't have resisted me."

"Thanks for that." I adjusted my hips so the bulge was moving up and down the crack of her ass. "Is that where you want it?"

"Maybe later," she said. She turned around. "Still like what you see?"

"Even a monk would be thanking the Maker if he saw that," I answered. Tawny pulled my underwear down, and my cock sprang free. I exhaled and said, "Oh, thank you."

"Don't thank me yet," she said. "We're just getting started." She pulled the head down and walked toward me till it was at her pussy. "How many kids do you have?"

"Four," I said.

"Then I'm guessing you're good at it," she said softly. She's the same height as me, so she didn't have to stand on her toes.

"Four is enough!" I shouted, and I backed away.

"Relax, I was talking about fucking, not procreating."

"Oh, well, yeah, that too. How 'bout standing?"

"Yeah, I'm good at standing, too." With that, Tawny let the head come back up a little, and she pushed it toward her pussy. She pulled me back toward the wall. I buckled my knees to help her out, and this gorgeous creature came sliding down my pole. She put her arms around me to steady us as I pounded her into the wall. "Oh, fuck, yeah!" Tawny yelled. "You're stronger than you look!"

I bit her neck and asked, "Why'd you do it if you didn't think I was up for it?"

"I've never had really sweaty sex before. I figured if I made you work harder, you'd sweat more," she explained between the moments when her back hit the wall. "I wanted to find out if it smells as good as sex that doesn't get sweaty till the end."

"And does it?" I asked. I could feel her pubic bone on top of the base of my shaft.

"I'll let you know when-Fuck!-we're done."

I pulled Tawny down onto my hard cock and pushed her harder against the wall. "We're almost there," I informed her.

"Oh, God!" she yelled as I came in that pussy. "Do you usually come this much? 'Cause that would explain the four kids."

"Only when I'm really turned on," I answered.

When I finished coming, Tawny said, "Who says we're done?"

"Not me, at least I hope not," I said with a smile.

"I said I'd let you know how it smells when we're done, and you said we were almost there."

"I just meant-never mind. Besides, I wanna see all of you up close."

"Good. I want it too. There's a couch over there if it's not buried under one of your projects."

We found it. There was a piece of scenery leaning up against it, but nothing actually in the way. I sat down first, and Tawny lay with her head on my lap. "I'm glad I'm not really your uncle," I said. She shook her hair to the side, and I ran my fingers through it.

"Me, too, 'cause then you couldn't do this," Tawny said. She moved my hand onto her pussy. I could feel my cum dripping out.

"I could, but I'd get in trouble. I still might, just not with the law."

Her cunt lips felt so sensual as they separated around my finger. The sight was even more erotic, because I could see the beads of sweat dripping out as the folds moved back into position. The sight made my dick so hard that Tawny had to lift her head. She got on all fours and started licking it. "Do you like this, Uncle Mal?"

"Well, yes, ...," I said.

"What do you mean by that tone? I thought all guys like blow jobs."

"Most of 'em do, and I'm no exception, but I really liked looking at that hot little cunt of yours."

"Well, Mal, you can do both!" She got off the couch and moved my legs up to where she'd been lying. She crawled over me in a 69.

"And keep calling me Uncle Mal. It feels like the most sinful thing I've ever done, and I'm loving it."

Tawny licked the underside of my cock. "You dirty, dirty uncle, you!" She sucked each of my balls into her mouth.

"I've never seen a cunt this gorgeous before," I told her.

"Oh, yes, Uncle Mal. Worship my cunt!"

At first I didn't even touch her flesh. I ran my tongue up her bush, separating it like waves breaking around a canoe in calm water. I licked the ridge that her lips formed. I circled her clit while her tongue circled my cock head. I bowed down so I could get my tongue deep inside her. For the first time in a decade, I was licking my cum out of the pussy where I'd just deposited it. For her part, Tawny had at least five of my seven inches in her mouth, and she had the most talented tongue I'd ever experienced that didn't belong to a politician or a car salesman. I licked in as many different directions as I could identify. I wanted to experience that pussy with all five senses. I'd seen it, felt it, tasted it. I could smell her arousal. I didn't think I'd be able to give her pussy two loads so I could hear my cum sloshing inside her, not if I wanted to come anywhere else.

After we finished pleasuring each other orally, we sat up. Tawny sat on my lap. "How 'bout a kiss for your Uncle Mal?" I asked.

"Oh, yes," she giggled. I tasted my cum from her mouth.

We heard a clap of thunder. I thought I heard lightning too, though not especially close to us. We paused for a second and I said, "That would be a hell of a coincidence, to have a real power outage after you blew a fuse."

"What a waste of effort," Tawny added.

"I know. I'd have to start all over again." Tawny had a strange look, and I realized there was something about the switches. "You mean your own effort, don't you?"

Tawny smiled and said, "Maybe."

"You little scoundrel," I joked. "You'll have to be punished!" Tawny smiled and immediately bent over my knee. I smacked her behind. "Naughty girl!" I scolded. I smacked her lower and put my hand between her butt cheeks. "Naughty!" I repeated. I smacked her higher up again, this time sticking my index finger in her asshole. We'd both sweated so much that we produced our own lube.

"Naughty uncle," Tawny said. I got behind her and put my cock head at the opening. "Very naughty uncle."

I didn't hurry, but I felt no friction as I got the first two inches inside that gorgeous ass. "You must never play with electricity like that. Never!"

Tawny bucked her hips back, taking a couple more inches. "Oh, I never will again. I promise, Uncle Mal!"

At this point I was far too invested in actually fucking her to pretend I was punishing her. She shrieked and I moaned as we bucked our hips against each other. I noticed a mirror leaning against a wall, and I pulled her up so I could see her tits bounce while I got all but an inch of my cock up her ass. I wasn't sure I'd be able to deliver a third load in one night, but that sight gave me a second wind.

After I pulled out, Tawny sat on my lap again. She kissed me. It wasn't a sexy kiss like we'd had before; there was genuine affection in it. It felt like the way my ex used to kiss me when we were still happy. I ran my fingers up and down her side, hoping to get her-and myself-excited again, but Tawny stopped me. "This is fun, but I have an early class tomorrow," she said.

"When's your dad coming back?" I asked. We heard a door open upstairs. 

"Shit!" Tawny said. "About two days earlier than I thought." She thought for a second and told me, "Find your clothes and get in the bathroom. I'll give you some cover."

I did as she said. I heard her flip some switches, and the light went out. "Turn that one back on," I told her. She did, and I continued getting dressed.

I could hear her say, "Hi, Daddy!"

"What's Mal doing here?" Jason asked.

I heard them walking down the stairs. I tossed my socks behind the toilet because it was quicker than putting them back on. "The lights went out, and I remembered he's an electrician, so I asked him to fix it."

I flushed the toilet so he wouldn't know what I was really doing in there. I came out and backed her up. "I showed her how to check the panel next time it happens. Then I stayed a little longer because I was hoping the storm would let up soon."

"Thanks, Mal. You didn't have to do that. I'm sure you could have had some paying customers."

I held up my cell phone. "No service," I said. "They couldn't have reached me anyway."

Tawny got a notification on her cell phone. She looked at it and asked Jason, "How long ago did you send this?"

"When I got off the airplane. About twenty minutes ago. Guess you were right, Mal."

At that moment I got a text as well. It was a promo from a fast food restaurant, but I didn't let Jason see it. "And now I've got a customer," I lied. "See you Friday."

I guess what I said at the beginning is wrong. Apparently I can act well enough to save my life.