 I was on my back, sprawled out in the middle of her bed as Terra returned from the bathroom. The silhouette of her figure had me instantly aroused again as she noticed the pitched tent of my erection under her sheets. “God, what an amazing woman,” I thought to myself as we quietly gazed at each other across the room.

“Is that for me?” She teasingly asked referring to my massive hard-on. 

“If you would like it, then its all yours,” I replied, still trying to catch my breath from the furious fucking I had just given her. She crawled into bed next to me placing a hand on my chest and throwing her left leg over my right. 

“You seem a little winded, maybe I should do the work this round?” She offered. Seeing as my favorite position was having the girl on top, I certainly wasn’t about to turn this one down. 

“That’s fine with me.” I replied.  

She rolled herself on top on me as she threw her left leg over my body and hovered above mine. Her massive tits hung just inches from my face, and I just couldn’t take my eyes off them. My cock lay pressed against my stomach and her still dripping pussy. She began to slide back and forth, rubbing her twat over my cock, teasing me. I could feel her grinding her clit against the head of my shaft, pushing us both to a higher level of arousal. 

Terra moved her body up on mine as she reached back and grabbed my cock by its base. She positioned me for penetration as she began to slide her body back down over my swollen member. Her pussy was slick from the mixture of my cum and her own natural lubricant, as I found myself entering her again. Deeper and deeper, she took all of my eight inches on her first decent. As I felt her opening reach the base of my cock I gently raised my hips to make sure I was giving her all that I had. As I lifted my body to hers, her clit found my pubic bone and she instantly began riding me harder and faster. 

Her breasts hung massive in front of me as they swayed back and forth with the motion of her body riding mine. With every pass I felt her getting wetter and wetter as her clit ground into my pelvis, and with every decent of her warm pussy, my cock grew harder and harder. I lifted my head and grabbed her tits with both hands as I buried my face into the soft pillowy flesh of her breasts. I felt as though I could get lost for hours, at peace with the world with my head in between her massive breasts. My mouth found her nipple and I began sucking and biting while my hands kneaded her mounds. I switched nipples very careful to not leave one feeling neglected.

The night felt like an eternity of sexual bliss and emotional release as our souls connected through the beautiful act of passion being committed by our bodies. Harder and faster she rode my cock, each time taking me almost completely out of her before plunging all the way back down. On each down stroke she ground her clit into my pelvis harder and harder. She threw her head back and screamed out to the gods in appreciation, as her body tensed and bucked wildly in a passionate and uncontrollable orgasm. Her pussy quaked and flooded me with her sweet nectar.

As her orgasm subsided her body collapsed on top of mine with her huge boobs pressed between our bodies. I could feel her pace begin to slow as her body became exhausted from the immense sexual release that she just experienced. Not wanting to loose the orgasm that had been building deep within my loins, I reached around her with both arms and grabbed 2 big handfuls of her ass. I pulled her up and down on my cock bouncing her up and down with the motion of my hips. After only a few moments, the pleasure of my thrusting had rekindled her sexual need and energy and she began moving her hips in sync with the powerful force of my hands and the thrusting of my cock deep inside her.

Having already cum once I knew that it would take a lot to bring me to climax again. Terra must have had at least two more orgasms before the pressure in my balls built to an uncontrollable level. I thrust deeper and harder into her as my now aching cock erupted violently within her womb, instantly splashing my jizz all over the walls of her love tunnel. The sensation of my orgasm sent her over the edge one more time as we both screamed out in a pleasure never before known with another lover. Minds blank, being overtaken by ecstasy; our orgasms sent us out of the realm of the real and into some strange spiritual place where we had found truth in each other. We lived a lifetime in that orgasm, a lifetime of pleasure, happiness and love.  

Sticky, sweaty, and completely exhausted, both of our bodies went limp together. I barely found the strength to wrap my arms around her as we blissfully fell asleep together, my now flaccid cock still lying in the warmth of her sweet pink pussy.