 I stand behind you, my arms wrapped around your waist as we enter the room. I close the door behind us, slipping the "do not disturb" sign outside, locking the door behind me as we disengage our embrace and you walk across the suite looking outside at the tropical beach as the moonlight dances across the water and through our window. You are the most beautiful thing that I have ever seen in my entire life: white sleek dress, with your hair still dressed from the event at which we spoke our vows. An angel the likes of which I never believed that I would ever see. But you are mine, and I am yours for the remainder of all time. You open the glass door and walk outside onto the balcony basking in the breeze that blows off of the ocean. 

I remove my tie as I approach you and toss it onto the chair in the corner and join you outside. Enveloping you in my arms, from behind you I tuck my head into you, placing a kiss on your neck. You feel my moist lips and tongue gently brush your soft skin, the heat lingering as I pull you tightly to me, and slowly disengage from the kiss as I join your gaze, looking off into the sea as the waves methodically wash against the beach. You reach behind my head, running your hand up the back of my neck until you reach the base of my scalp, your fingers immersed in my hair, you turn your head towards me and pull me in for a kiss. Our lips meet. It's electric. It's wet. We're both lost in the sensation, as our mouths open and tongues begin to intertwine. Your free hand grips me where my hands meet at your waist and you pull them apart as you turn to face me, breaking our kiss, my hands resting on each of your hips. You look into my eyes, staring deeply, locked together as if our souls are embraced while we stand there apart. Time is moving in slow motion it seems, the intensity drowning my senses, our eyes locked. 

You break the hypnosis I am in, holding my hand and guiding me back into the bedroom, our eyes never leaving each other. You walk backwards towards the bed, effortlessly freeing your shoes from your feet, as I use my free hand to pull both of mine off as I follow you to the bed. When you feel the bedspread brush your calves, you stop and I re-embrace you and continue our kiss, my hands sliding up your body until my palms reach your face, gently holding you still, my fingers caressing the sides of your neck. 

You reach up and pull my hands down and guide them to the ties of your corset, I untie them as you help me remove it, our lips remaining locked together. Finally it is loose enough for you to pull off, leaving you in your petticoat, as you begin unbuttoning my shirt. We break our kiss as we both take off my clothes, our lips meeting deeply and intensely, hands brushing against each other as we work the buttons loose. Our fury builds as you remove your petticoat, and I my pants. I push you gently backward and we both fall to the bed, we recommence our kissing with a deep continuous connection as our hands begin to gently roam up and down each other's body's. Laying on our sides, we press together, you in nothing but your bra and panties, I in nothing but my boxers. My fingers slide underneath your thong as we kiss, not pulling it down, but sliding back and forth just inside it and across your lower back and buttock, teasing you with what is to come.

I then slide my hands up your back and sides to your face and break away from our kiss so that I can look into your stunning eyes once more. You look deep into me, love and lust burning out of your gaze and through to my soul, further irradiating our passion for one another. You pull my boxers off of me, reinitiating the kiss that I broke as I position myself over you. I can think of nothing but pleasuring you and giving you the most pleasurable night that I possibly can.

While still in our kiss, you reach down and gently grip my throbbing member, already firm and erect to satisfy you, but I break away from our kiss and slowly suckle and plant gentle kisses down the side of your neck, pulling myself from your hand's reach, tracing kisses along your collarbone. I feel your hands run up my stomach and chest to the back of my head as you gently scrape your fingernails through my hair. I begin to run my tongue down your chest, planting kisses every few inches, narrowly missing your areola, and continue my way down your belly to your navel. I reach your lacy thong and begin to slowly pull it down from your hips as I kiss the slight crevice where your thigh begins. Once I have pulled your underwear completely from your body, I drop the piece of clothing to the floor at the side of the bed and continue kissing my way down your inner thigh, then back up towards the place where you long for me to enter you.

But not yet, I wish to pleasure you in other ways first. I can smell your scent, something I will never forget, as I run my tongue up your inner thigh until just outside your outer lips, where I stop and place a sensuous kiss. I look up across your beautiful body, breathing my hot breath across your pussy and watch you arch your lower back in anticipation as I tease you. You expect me to tease you more, however, you moan in surprise as I open my mouth and devour your pussy, my tongue suddenly sliding between your lips in a single, penetrating stroke as my hot breath spreads across you. I begin licking and playing with your clitoris intermittently as not to over-stimulate you, but to bring you to the brink of ecstasy before we truly begin the expression of our love for one another. I slowly run my tongue up over your clit, and drag it wetly up your body, plunging deeply into your navel, continuing up your abdomen, between the cleavage of your breasts and finally I lift up to meet your lips with a kiss. My body is gently laying against yours, our tongues mingling with one another, you can feel my cock laying across your pelvis on your neatly trimmed mound throbbing in anticipation.

You reach behind me and grab my shoulders, pulling me closely to you, and I hold your face in my hands, kissing you, running my fingers through your hair as you feel the head of my dick sliding up and down the lips of your pussy. Our kisses break and reconnect several times as you arch your back, trying to pull my penis inside of you, tired of my teasing. 

Then I slowly allow just an inch of myself inside of you, causing you to moan in a slight sense of satisfaction, yet unfulfilled as I pull back out with just the tip of my head inside of you. I push back inside of you, another inch, as I lay over you and pull you tightly to me, my arms reaching beneath you, hands gripping your shoulders. I then break our kiss, lifting up, our eyes meet once again as I slowly push into you another inch. I slowly pull out a bit. I push in farther. I pull out. I push in a little farther. Our eyes remain connected, staring at each other as I enter you. Finally I push the rest of the way in, you close your eyes and moan in satisfaction. I'm stretching you, but not painfully, just the right amount to create the perfect pleasure...deep, but not too deep; thick, but not too thick...the perfect fit. 

I begin moving back and forth, inside of you, lightly bottoming you out only to empty you and then fill you with my meat once again. Your eyes never leave mine and you wrap your heels just underneath my ass as I slide back and forth inside of you. You are so warm and wet that I have to do everything I can to keep from cumming right there. I'm slowly picking up the tempo and you're beginning to meet my thrusts now as the intensity of the pleasure builds inside of you. 

My thrusts are becoming stronger and you are trying to pull me even farther inside you every time I press myself into you. You drag your nails down my back scratching me firmly but lightly as I continuously speed up, pumping myself in and out of you like a piston. My thick cock ravaging your pussy the way that I know you like it. You can feel your climax building as I grind my pelvis against yours with each thrust, stimulating your clit with every movement that I make. I know that you are getting close and that you want us to climax together with it being our first night as a union. I stop trying to hold out and begin to pound deeply into you, you pull yourself up into me, nails digging deeply into my back as I feel you beginning to tense up underneath me. 

Suddenly, I feel you begin your climax, never breaking eye contact, which sends me over the edge. Your pussy begins to contract, milking my cock as it explodes inside of you. My semen shoots deeply into your womb, filling you with the fiery heat of my seed, pushing your orgasm to new heights and sending me into me into feeling sensations that I couldn't even imagine before tonight. 

We're both seeing stars from the intensity of our mutual orgasm, our breathing heavy after such an intense experience. I remain inside of you, only softening slightly, I kiss you again, lovingly, and you feel me twitch inside of you. You smile at me, knowing that by no means are we done yet.