 The last time Edward came over to visit, he told me that he didn't have much experience in the fine art of cunnilinguis. 

Edward was my lover. A 6 foot tall, muscular, hunk of a man from Jamaica. His skin was smooth and chocolate brown. His head was shaved. His face was boyish. His smile was seductive. His voice was deep and rich. His body was toned and hair-free. His scent was heavenly. And his dick was long AND thick. 

We had been dating for about 3 months at this point. And the sexual chemistry between us was completely off the charts. Sexually he was very dominant. The sex was always intense. Our connection was primal. He fucked me harder and longer than I had ever been fucked before. And yet he never went down on me. When he told me he didn't have much experience, well that explained everything.

The thought of teaching him how to lick my pussy was really exciting. First I thought he would need to watch me eat out another woman, but then I decided I could guide him myself. I could give him verbal direction, as long as I could maintain control that is. 

"Uhm, I could teach you, you know. I mean, if you are open to that," I said, looking away quickly, feeling just a little bit shy all of a sudden.

He paused briefly and replied with a smile, "Yes, we could do that, next time I come."

I could hardly wait for him to come back. I was practically giddy with excitement.

Well, I did feel a bit nervous, but I had become so comfortable with him that I knew I would have no problem talking him through it.

Apparently he was excited too, because he arranged to come back the very next day. 

We were all over each other the minute he got inside my apartment.

I wrapped my arms around his neck, pressed my body tightly against his and devoured his lips with mine. Peeling off his coat, he let it drop to the floor, kicked off his shoes, and guided me backwards down the hallway towards my room. 

When we entered the room I could feel him gently but firmly guiding me towards the bed.

"Stop!" I said. "Stop, stop, stop. Sit down hun. On the chair. Right there. Sit down."

I watched his eyes focus in on the bed in front of him, taking in the sight of the colourful stack of fluffy pillows piled at the head of the bed and the towel placed smack dab in the center of the bed.

Then I felt his eyes on me, following my every move, watching intently as I lit a row of candles on the dresser, turned off the light, stripped down to my lace teddy and climbed up onto the center of the bed, making sure to seat myself in the centre of the towel. 

He continued watching me as I reached down between my legs and unfastened the snaps on the teddy, revealing my bare pussy to his hungry eyes.

I lowered the straps on my teddy, pulled the cups down to reveal my very full breasts, leaned back against the pillows, spread my legs wide and cupped my round breasts in my hands, pinching my nipples and turning them into little pink cones for his viewing pleasure. 

Suffice it to say that he wasted no time getting out of his clothes and climbing onto the bed, positioning himself right between my legs. 

Gazing down at him between my legs, silently and patiently waiting for me to guide him, made me so hot.

Propping myself up on my elbows and leaning forward I whispered, "Come up here."

He crawled up my body until his face hovered inches from mine. I reached out to give him a kiss. He opened his mouth to accept my tongue. I sucked on his tongue and nibbled on his lips. 

"Are you ready big boy?" I asked quietly.

"Yes," he whispered sweetly, gazing steadily into my eyes. "Are you?"

"Get back down there between my legs," I said, my voice thick with desire. "And I'll show you."

He repositioned himself between my legs with a low chuckle, propped himself up on his elbows and hovered his face above my aching pussy.

"Ok," I started with a deep exhale. "I'm going to tell you what I want you to do, but I'm also going to guide your tongue with my finger."

With that I placed my left index finger at the base of my now very damp pussy and instructed, "Right here. I want you to start here. Use the tip of your tongue and slowly lick up along the inside of the lip until you reach my clit."

I heard myself gasp at the shock of his tongue touching my lip.

With a deep sigh I said, "Now, I want you to do that 3 or 4 more times on that side, then 3 or 4 more times on the other side."

I could not steady my breathing or keep the tremor out of my voice.

"This is really turning you on isn't it?" he asked, looking up at me with a smile.

"Yes," I gasped. "Your tongue feels amazing. And I've been thinking about this all day."

He smiled, dipped his head between my legs again, and licked the left side of my pussy, all the way up to my clit and back again. His tongue was quite talented. Barely grazing my clit, he was driving me crazy.

Then, as I requested, he moved over to the right side to repeat the same motion several times.

My ragged breathing was turning to moaning. I was trying to maintain control but I couldn't help it. His tongue felt so good and I wanted to cum so bad.

"What now?" he asked teasingly, looking up at me, all sweet and innocent.

"Ahhh..." I stammered, taking a deep breath. "O.k., go back down to the base of my pussy again. Only this time I want you to start at the center and lick straight up until you reach my clit, but don't lick it yet, just graze it lightly with your tongue. Then go back down and do it again. Do that several times." 

"Oh my dear God," I moaned aloud, as his tongue, warm and wet, glided up the center of my pussy towards my clit.

"Fuck meeeeee!" I exclaimed, bawling my hands into fists and banging them down on the mattress. 

He stopped with a low chuckle and commented, "I guess I must be a good student."

"Argh!" I groaned. "Don't stop!" 

He chuckled again, sounding quite pleased with himself, and went back to what he was doing.

"Ok," I said, panting. "I want to feel your tongue on my clit. Make it flat and wet and lick it from the bottom to the top, over and over again."

Pausing to catch my breath I continued, "But just my clit, bottom to top, over and over. I like it slow."

Just as he dipped his head back down to launch his attack on my clit, I stopped him.

"Uhm, baby, I am getting pretty close to losing control here, so let me say a few more things before I become completely incoherent ok?" I asked with a raspy chuckle, my breath coming in short gasps.

Taking a deep breath I continued, "You can lick my clit in a few different ways. You can use the tip of your tongue and flick it from side to side. You can trace little circles around it. You can suck on it gently. You can go from slow to fast and back to slow."

With that he dipped his head down and started gently lapping at my clit.

"No, no, no," I stammered. "Stop, stop, stop. Oh my God stop."

"No," he replied without lifting his head. "I've heard enough. Now I'm going to make you cum." 

"But," I groaned.

"No buts," he retorted. "Unless it's you turned over my knee, and my hand on your butt. Is that what you want? Hmmm?" He asked with more than a hint of sarcasm.

"Nn...nn...noooo," I groaned in protest. 

"Lay down baby," he whispered in that low sexy voice of his. "Let me do this for you." 

His last words were muffled as his hungry tongue found its way back to my hard little clit, lapping away.

My chest started to heave and my breaths were coming in short, shallow gasps, as I gripped the bedspread with my fists and spread my legs wider.

Little shock waves started to spread out from my swollen clit and race across my soaking wet pussy, igniting a deep and steady throb in my pelvis - a throb which grew deeper and more intense with each lick.

I lifted my hips and tried to push my pussy tighter against his face. He pushed me back down forcefully and kept right on licking.

I banged my fists on the bed and cried out a string of sexy gibberish. I couldn't have stopped myself if I tried.

"Ooohhhh....ya baby ya....mmm hmmmm...ya ya ya....just like that...right there...oh my God....FUCK....fuck fuck fuck....awwww.....aarrgghh....please baby please!"

"Please what?" he asked, his mouth dripping with pussy.

I wiggled my ass and growled, "Make me cum!"

"Oh, O.K." he replied, as he kept on licking.

"Oooooohhhhhh...FUCK!!!" I exclaimed in frustration and exasperation.

He was still holding my hips down. I couldn't move and I was straining. He was strong. And he was enjoying what he was doing.

Next thing I know is he was pushing one of my legs up in the air and attacking my clit from an angle, licking from side to side, fast then slow, slow then fast.

"Aahhhhh...." I cried out, panting and gasping for breath. 

Bucking my hips I pleaded with him, "Please...oh my God...Please....I can't take it....fffuuucccckkkk....aarrgghh...."

"Baby," I implored him, begging, pleading some more. "Give me your fingers. Please. Fuck me with your fingers. Fuck me really hard. Please!!!"

And then he stopped licking. There was silence. For a few minutes I could hear nothing but the sound of his heavy breathing. 

Then suddenly, I felt 2 of his fingers, long and strong, sliding into my sopping wet pussy.

The silence was broken by the sound of my voice, emitting a high pitched string of nonsensical sex gibberish as his fingers stroked my G-Spot. My leg was in the air. His tongue was on my clit. My head was spinning. My pussy was exploding. There was pleasure in every part of my body and the pleasure waves were hitting me at a rate of about one every 2 seconds. I felt like I couldn't breathe.

Panting between clenched teeth I gripped the bedspread for dear life. I cried out. I yelled. I screamed. I growled. I practically snarled. 

"Ooooohhhhh....I'm gonna cum! Oh my God.....oh my God......Aaahhhh.......Oh my God.....fuuuccckkkk.......ya y a ya.....baby baby.....awww baby...I'm gonna squirt....ooooohhhhh.....aaarrrgghhhhh!!"

Screaming and shrieking at the top of my lungs, my orgasm erupted violently and washed over my entire body. I felt the hot liquid spurting from deep inside of me, cascading over his hand and forearm.

"Wow," he exclaimed as he removed his fingers and saw the amount of liquid dripping down his arm.

"Give me your hand," I whispered, as I sat up and took his hand in mine and put his fingers in my mouth, sucking my fluids off of them one at a time. Then I covered my face with his hand and held it there, soaking my face with my juices, covering me in my own scent.

"Come here," I beckoned, wrapping my arms around his neck and pulling him down on top of me.

"That was amazing," I whispered hotly in his ear. "You are so fucking hot! I am still on fire."

"After all that?" he asked in mock surprise. But I silenced him with a kiss.

"Now," I said, pulling back to gaze into his deep brown eyes. "Now my love, I want you to fuck me."