 I finish my workout and sit in the hot tub and think about you. I want to be with you, spend the night with you and share myself with you. As I leave the workout center, I make the decision and take the turn to your house, rather than mine. I let myself in with my newly- made key and listen to the silence. I knew you wouldn't be home, but I was hoping. 

I walk to your bedroom, carrying my bag with me. Your bed is neatly made and your room is quiet and smells like you. Your scent fills my head and I feel myself melting for you already. I strip off my gym clothes and head for the shower. God, it feels so good to lather up my skin and get all clean and fresh. I use your shampoo on my long hair, scrubbing it thoroughly to get the chlorine smell out. I reach for your razor and as I look at it, I think of something I could do for you, a surprise for you. 

I run my fingers through my curlies. I love the way they wrap around my fingertips and I love the softness. They are long and soft and so pretty, framing my pussy. But now, I am thinking of something else. I am feeling your mouth there, your lips and tongue hungrily licking, sucking and probing me. Would you like me all smooth? Hmmm. I stand in the shower, holding your razor and I make the decision. After lathering my pretty curlies, I reach down and press the blade against my mound. I am twitching with excitement. 

I begin to shave myself, carefully, feeling my way with my other hand. I remove all the soft brown curlies and then just run my fingers there, the feel of a smooth, naked mound so strange to me. My finger runs along the already swollen slit, feeling the newness of me. Yes, this will be easier for you to kiss me there. I can already feel your mouth sucking my lips, your tongue dwelling inside, probing and licking all my pink, private areas. I finish my shower and dry with one of your thick, soft towels, even these carry the scent of you and drug me with desire for you. 

After spraying my vanilla scent all over my clean body, I take my new lingerie from my gym bag. Just for you, I have purchased a sheer pink bra and panty set. As I dress for you, I am busily imagining you removing my finery. I can feel myself grow wet at the thought of you undressing me and finding my surprise for you. I go to your closet for one of your nicely starched shirts and slip it on. The sleeves I roll up, the buttons are all done except for the top 3, the tails reach to my knees. I leave my hair down, all soft and long and fine. I am feeling the tiredness overtake me. I pull back the covers and slip into your side of the bed. Your pillow smells so delicious. I hug it to me and can feel myself falling asleep, even as I try to stay awake to wait for you. 

It is completely dark when I wake, and I am confused. Where am I and what woke me? As I try to remember where I am, I feel a movement at my hip and realize the covers are pinned against me. I hear breathing and feel someone move on the bed. A whisper near my head says to hold still and be very quiet. I feel the covers being pulled back and the cold air hits my warm body. I feel fingers on the shirt buttons, slowly opening them and moving down, skimming my body as they continue opening my shirt. I feel kisses being left as my shirt exposes more of my warm, soft skin. I am breathing rapidly , frightened by the dark and this stranger's hands on me. 

Suddenly I feel my shirt being opened. The cold air making my nipples harden and stand erect. The stranger's hands are gliding over them and encouraging them to grow even larger. Then , I hear a noise, a click and I feel an icy cold piece of steel against my tummy. It is so cold, it feels hot. It is so slick and smooth against my bare skin.. With one quick movement, the blade slides under my bra and slices it and my bra falls from my chest, leaving me breathless and, oddly, so excited.

I feel my nipples reaching out, begging to be touched and fondled. I feel my back arching as I try to push my nipples into the hands of the stranger. He whispers to me to behave. The blade slides down my tummy and I can feel the trail of iciness as it stops on my thigh. suddenly, I feel the warm handle being pressed against my pussy, the edge pushing my panties into me as it slides against my slit. I moan. I am torn between excitement and fear. I feel the edge of the blade against my skin and then I feel my panties loosen as they are cut off. 

The cold blade is against my hot, naked pussy. I can feel myself melting, aching for the touch of something deep inside me. I feel the breath of the stranger on my shaved pussy. He is licking me and letting his tongue dwell deeper and deeper inside my hot slit. I am arching against his mouth, willing him to find my clit and suck it. His fingers are running approvingly over my bare mound, feeling the little-girl smoothness of it, the absolute nakedness of it. I find myself thinking how pleased I am that I shaved for him. 

His mouth is kissing me, french-kissing me, sucking my clit into his mouth, licking all the wetness I create. He stands and starts to undress. I hear the belt buckle and the zipper. I feel the clothes falling. I am lying on the bed, aching for his return. I reach down and open my slit for him. I spread my legs. I start calling out, asking him to fuck me. 

Fuck my pretty pink pussy, please, please! I feel his hard cock entering me, hot and deep. I thrust up against him and wrap my legs around his body, pulling him even deeper. I am begging him to fuck me, touch me there. Touch me and help me. 

Suddenly, I can't stop. I am coming and calling to him to keep fucking me....hard. I need to feel his cock deep inside me. I feel him swelling, he pauses and then drive his cock even deeper as he starts coming inside me. I milk his throbbing cock as long as I can, pulling it deep into my pinkness. 

Then he settles down against me, holding me. We kiss now as he says how happy he is to come home to me.