 Chapter 3. I would read the first two to understand where we are at. Thanks for reading. 

*

Ring, ring. What the fuck is that noise I asked myself as I woke? She rolled over and looked at the clock. 9:33. She answered. She talked quietly for a minute and then hung up.

"Who was that," I asked?

"It was your mom and she is on her way to get you," she replied. "She didn't sound very happy."

"So what else is new," I yawned.

"Well let's get up and wait for her," she said. 

She rolled out of bed and headed for the bathroom. I sat up on the bed and rubbed my eyes. I heard the toilet flush and she came out in a robe. 

"I think I am going to need some shorts," I said.

"Where are the ones you had from the first night," she asked.

"Probably still in the car with my back-pack," I said.

"Well I guess I will get them for you," she said.

She left the room to find her keys. I followed her out and headed for the kitchen. I sat at the table, yawned and streched as I waited for her return. These late nights were fun but tiring.

She returned from the garage with the blanket and the bag. "Here are your cloths," she said. 

I put my shorts on and returned to the chair. She pushed a bagel down into the toaster and sat on the edge of the counter. I smiled at her as she stared blankly at the floor. We were both very tired this morning. Her robe was short and was hanging loosely at mid thigh. She parted her legs slightly. I focused in on them. She caught me and smiled. She opened them up wide.

"See bumpy and red like I said it would be," she said.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean for that to happen," I replied.

"It's okay, I will get some bikini zone stuff and it will be fine," she replied. Her puss seamed to wink at me as my dick started to grow.

Pop went the toaster and she hopped off the counter. She started to put some butter on it. I watched as the robe loosened and her tit came into view. She turned and leaned against the counter making no effort to hide herself. She smiled.

"It's okay, I don't mind the redness," she continued. "I am liking this trying new things."

"Like what," I asked, absent from the conversation? My mind was on her tit hanging out. They were so fantastic.

"Well, I have never had sex on the beach," she replied. "And it's been ages since I have had more than one orgasm in a night," she continued.

"I do a good job then," I asked?

"Yeah I would say so," she replied. "I only have multiples if I play with my own pussy," she teased.

"I think I like what we have and we could be on to something," she said as she took another bite. She blushed a little. "Do you want to stay tonight again," she asked?

"Why do you even ask," I replied. "You know what the answer is."

Beep, beep. 

"Guess you are going now," she sighed.

"Unfortunately," I groaned. "This is going to be fun."

She came across the kitchen and rubbed my cock with her soft hand. "It's going to be even more fun if you come back," she teased.

"We will see what she has in store for me," I replied.

She leaned in and we started to kiss. My hand began to wander down until it found its way into her robe. "Hum," she growled as I touched her clit. She was already wet.

"I'm not the only one who gets excited often," I teased.

Beep, beep! The horn went again. 

"Guess I need to go," I frowned

"Yeah you better before you get in trouble," she hissed.

"I will try to see if I can come back tonight," I said. I began the trek to the front door.

"Call me if you can," she said as I opened the door.

I shut the door and started for the car. I didn't even have her number I thought as I reached the car. Mom started to ask 20 questions as soon as the door opened. We argued for a while before I got back out of the car and headed back up the side walk to the door.

"Mrs. Wilson," I called.

"Yes darling," she answered from the bedroom. She had a mischievious grin on her face.

"She wants to talk to you," I said.

"About what," she asked? The grin faded quickly. She had never met my mom but knew from me that it was never good to get on her radar.

"About my project and coming back over here," I replied.

"Great," she huffed as she tightened up the robe and pulled the bottom down on it. She followed me out and headed to the driver's side as I went to my side.

"How's he doing," my mom asked?

"Good," she said. "He is making good progress."

"Is he becoming a problem," she asked, a scowl on her face?

"No, he is not a problem, he doing just fine," she replied. "He needs the help and I am glad to offer it."

"I hope he isn't ruining your day," mom replied.

"No, I have nothing going on today," she said.

"Are you sure," mom asked?

"Yeah he is fine, I like having him here, keeps me company and makes me laugh," she said.

"Well okay then," she said. She still had a skeptical look on her face.

"How far along is he," she asked?

"He is almost done, a couple more hours and he will be all done," she replied.

"This sounds like a big project," mom said.

"25 percent of the grade," she said.

"Well, I will bring him back over later on then but I don't know if he can stay tonight though," She said. "He has other things he needs to get done at home too."

"Okay, like I said, a few more hours but staying the night is fine if it's an inconvenience for you to run back over here and get him tonight," she offered.

"No I have a friend close by I can stop over and chat with her a while before I come back to get him," she said.

"Okay, but my offer will still be good if you change your mind," she offered. She sounded a little desperate.

"If he really needs to but I think I want him home tonight," mom said. I gave Mrs. Wilson a serious look of 'shut the fuck up and let it go'.

"I understand," she replied as she glanced through the car and saw my expression.

"I will bring him by later then," mom said.

She backed away from the window as my mom put the car into reverse. We left and I started my busy and boring day.

We went to my grandma's house for some of the day. Then I went to practice for a few hours and then home. I did a few chores around the house before we left to head back to see her.

We arrived at her house around 5:30. I got out and waved bye as I started up the side walk. I knocked on the door. No answer. I knocked again. Still nothing. I turned the knob and the door swung open.

"Mrs. Wilson, are you here," I called. Nothing, the house was silent. What the hell I thought. I walked in and shut the door. I went to her room and called for her again. Nothing. I peeked out around the blinds that covered the sliding glass door in the bedroom.

"Dam," I cried as I finally found her. She had on the shortest pair of shorts I had ever seen and a little tight white shirt. She pulled on the hose and started spraying the yard to water the grass and a flower bed. She turned to pull a little more. Her nipples pressed hard against the fabric as she twisted. She hose slipped and she bent down to get it. I almost skeeted in my pants as the material pulled tight against her ass and slid into her crack. Her little clam lips poked out from either side of the material.

I cracked open the door and went out. "Those are some nice shorts," I said. She turned quickly towards me a big smile on her face.

"Are you cold or something," I asked?

"Ha-ha," she laugh as she smiled. She was happy to see me. I met her with a kiss.

"About time you came back," she said.

I took the hose from her. "I tried my best to get back here but this was as fast as I could," I replied.

"Well that's okay, at least you are here now," she said. "I have been wet all day thinking about you."

"How long are you here for," she asked?

"A little while is all," I replied sadly.

"You can't stay then," she asked?

"No, but I tried," I said. "She wants to see my project too."

"Shit," she sighed. "Well I saved a few from last year, I can just give you one of them." She looked down at the hose. "You going to use that thing," she asked?

"For what," I asked? She took the hose from me and smiled a sassy little smile. She pulled the handle and sprayed herself.

"For this," she teased. Her shirt went transparent.

"Dam," I said as her tits were showing through the fabric now. Her nipples strained against it. I looked around the yard.

"I got the privacy fence for a reason," she assured me.

"Yeah but the neighbor," I said as I recalled our first time.

"He isn't home today," she said coyly.

"Remember I have no tan lines," she said. I looked over at the lawn chair.

"Yeah I remember," I said. "Except for the other day." "I do remember how hot you were to and how much I wanted to fuck you right over there while you bathed," I said.

"Well let's do it then," she replied. She stripped her shirt off and started walking towards the chair. She reached the chair and the shorts fell to the ground. I followed and began to strip as well. I was naked as she sat down on the chair. She reached under it and pulled a rubber out. She opened it and looked at me.

"If I didn't know better I would have thought you planned this," I said.

"I was prepared for anything," she teased as she grabbed my erect cock and rolled the condom down my shaft. She laid flat on the chair and dangled her legs off the side. Her bald little pink puss parted just slightly. She started to seep white cream out as I admired it. It looked so hot and fuckable. I wasted no time and got between her legs. I looked down and guided my dick into the target. My head parted her folds and glided right on in.

"Dam," I sighed. Her wetness surprised me.

"Told you I was wet," she teased as I stroked out and admired her again.

"You are so fucking hot," I groaned as I buried myself into her again.

"If I'm so fucking hot then why don't you fuck the shit out of me," she demanded.

"I'm going to fuck you like a two dollar slut then," I cried. I started pushing in and out harder.

"Fuck me like a one dollar whore," she cried as the pleasure started to take over her body.

"I am going to cum fast then," I cried.

"Just fuck me," she cried. I started pushing harder, slamming into her pelvis with each thrust.

"Oh fucking god dam," she cried as nut nuts slapped against her asshole. I railed her as she covered her tits to keep them from shaking so much. I leaned down and found a nipple with my teeth and chewed a little.

"Fuck yeah," she cried as her hand slipped down and brushed her clit for a second. "Keep going I'm cumming," she cried. I felt myself start to boil over as she puffed with excitement.

"Fuck yeah, I'm cumming," she cried. My cock started to expand and fill the latex bag with cum. She felt my cock swell and it sent her into a frenzy. "Fuck, fuck, fuck," she cried as she climaxed hard.

The poor chair squeaked as I slammed hard into her snatch. She began to buck herself as her body rode out the pleasure.

"Slow, slow," she cried as the pleasure started to calm down. I slowed to long strokes before stopping to rest. We both puffed a minute before I had to stand. My legs were starting to cramp and shake.

I popped out of her with a swish and stood shaking from the waist down. "Wow," she cried. "Fuck where is it," she asked frantically?

"What," I asked?

I looked at her cunt and saw the rubber hanging there. Cum slowly ran from the open end down her asshole and onto the chair. I reached down and carefully but quickly pulled it from the contracting hole.

"Did it break, is it in me," she asked, frantic?

"I don't think so," I replied. "It was hanging out of you."

"Let me see it," she demanded.

"Here," I said as I handed it to her. She looked it over before putting it to her mouth and blowing into it like a balloon. It filled and held the air.

"It seems okay," she said. She placed it by the ground and let it deflate. It fluttered and spit cum on the ground.

"Whew," I said as I bent down and grabbed my shorts.

"I got to check to be sure," she said. She sat up and looked herself over. She pulled her lips apart and inspected her pussy. "I can't tell," she cried as she stood.

"I got to be sure." She started running for the house. Her tits bounced in the reflection of the glass as she went towards it. Nice I thought. She disappeared inside. I gathered her cloths and followed.

"Everything okay," I asked as she flushed.

"Seems fine," she said as she floated across the room, happy from a good fuck.

She opened the underwear drawer and looked inside. She picked out a pair and stepped into them.

"What do you have in there," I asked. I walked over and look in. "Got any thongs or sexy stuff that you can put on to tease me with," I asked?

"Not really," she replied. "I got a pair of bikini cut panties I wear when I hope to get laid." "That's about it," she continued. "I don't have much since I can't wear them," she sighed.

"What, no thongs or nothing," I asked in disbelief? "You got to get some thongs," I said. "With your body and that ass, dam you would look hot." "Smoking hot, even more so then now," I continued.

"You think," she teased, knowing what my answer would be.

"Hell yes," I replied. "Your ass is so perfect and round and tight and err," I groaned. "Dam you are sexy," I said. "You are a 12 on a 10 scale."

"Hum," she growled her sexy growl. I started to get hard again.

"Did you like my shorts," she asked?

"I almost left a mess on the slider when I saw you," I replied.

"I have had these things for a very long time," she said looking at them. "They almost don't fit anymore."

"They fit just perfect," I replied.

"Hum," she growled again. Her face was molten as she pulled out a bra. She pulled the straps up and clasped the back. She moved down to the next drawer and pulled out a long shirt. She pulled it over her head. She started out of the room.

"Where are those panties," I asked?

"What ones," she asked as she stopped?

"Your get lucky ones," I called them.

"Oh, dirty," she replied.

"Oh," I said disappointed. "From what," I asked?

"I wore them before he left," she replied as she continued out the door.

"Oh," I grumbled.

"Don't worry, they didn't get dirty from him," she sighed. "I played with my pussy on my own remember, it's been two and a half months since the last time."

"It's okay, you're not all mine, yet," I said.

"Hum," she growled again. The thought made her excited.

"Come on we have to find a project for you," she called. I followed her through the house to the garage. She moved past her vehicle and pulled the string on the stairs to the attic. The steps folded down and she started climbing up. She flicked on the light and disappeared for a while searching for something.

She returned with a project board and handed it down to me. I took it and looked it over. It was an elaborate set up and it looked like it took a lot of time. "Perfect," I said.

"Perfect is right," she said. "Now more time for us," she teased as she tugged at my dick.

"You bet ya," I said as I picked her up and started for the house. We reached the kitchen table where I set her down and started kissing her. She lifted my shirt over my head and then we resumed kissing. I pulled her panties down as she wiggled her butt to help them slid off. She giggled.

"We are so bad," she cooed as I glanced at the stove clock. Almost time to go I thought as dropped her panties to the floor. I leaned down to give her clit a lick. "Oh," she cried as the first waves of pleasure ran over her body.

Beep, beep!

"Fuck always something," I cried as I ran my tongue up her slit. Mom was early.

"Oh fuck," she cried. "Don't stop," she begged.

"I have to baby," I said sadly.

"Fuck," she groaned as I stood. "I and so fucking horny you can't leave me like this," she begged.

Beep, beep again went the horn.

I thought quickly. "Get to my house late tonight and we can go out and fuck all night somewhere," I said.

"How the hell are we going to do that," she asked?

Beeeeeeeep!

I grabbed the project and started for the door.

"Your shirt dummy," she called. I returned for it.

"Just hold on a minute," I yelled out the door at the parked car.

"Just pack your bag and come get me late tonight like 11:30, I will figure all the rest out," I pleaded with her.

"Asshole comes back tomorrow sometime," she cried.

"Up to you," I said as my hand went under her shirt and touched her wet hole. Her knees shook.

"Fuck let's do it," she finally agreed.

"3691 Orchard street," I said.

"What," she asked?

"My address, look it up and meet me on the main road that leads to that place," I said.

"Okay," she said.

"Pack a bag with your bikini and something nice for the morning," I said as I opened the door.

"I have to be home tomorrow," she cried.

"You will don't worry," I shouted back.

"Okay," she cried as I exited the house.

I got into the car and we drove off.

********

"You know I have to go to that training camp in the morning," I said to mom.

"When did you find this out," she asked?

"I told you about it a week ago," I said.

"I don't remember that," she argued back.

"You never remember anything I tell you do you," I replied.

"I guess I should pay more attention then," she replied. Wow no argument for that, what the hell was wrong with her I asked myself.

"When are you leaving," she asked?

"In the morning," I replied. "I won't be gone for that long, just going to work on a few techniques for a few hours then I will be back."

"What time in the morning," she asked?

"Early like 5 I think is when we are leaving," I replied. "I have a ride there so don't worry about that."

"Okay," she replied.

I got home and packed my pretend suit case for the training and then waited until 11:15 before I left quietly out the door. I walked quickly down the road and waited for her. Lights shinned from far down the road. Must be her I thought as I waited.

She pulled to a stop. I opened the door and climbed in. "You ready for some fun," she asked?

"Are you," I asked?

"I've been wet all night thinking about it," she smiled?

"Good then drive," I replied. "Best western by exit 195."

She turned the wheel and pressed the gas to the floor.

******

We arrived half past midnight and walked into the sleepy hotel lobby. The desk clerk stirred as he saw me and my hot ass date walk in. She had on a tight black dress that hugged her curves on the top then got loose and wavy near the waste. It was thigh high and made her look hot as hell. He checked her out as I checked us into a room.

We walked up to the room and set our things down. "Not too bad," she said. "How are we going to pay for this," she asked? "I can't spend any money or I will get in trouble."

"You worry too much," I said. "I got this."

"Okay," she said with nothing further.

"Get your suit on and meet me at the hot tub," I said.

"Are you crazy," she asked?

"Adventure," I said and walked out.

She appeared at the hot tub after ten minutes. I didn't think she was going to come down.

"I don't know if I like this idea," she said.

"What do you mean," I asked?

"What if we get caught," she asked?

"Who said we were going to do anything," I teased?

"You said we were going to fuck all night," she replied.

"That was last night babe, its tomorrow now," I continued to tease. "This will be fun, just get in," I begged. She put her feet in and looked around.

"We can go back up if you want to," I said.

"No, I always wanted to try new things and this will be very new," she said. She got in further but was still looking around.

She joined me and settled down. We sat in the warm water and let it pulse over our bodies.

"See it's not so bad," I said.

"The water is very relaxing," she said.
