 When I got home I found the tent and set it up in the yard. "Whew, musty," I said as I opened the door and set a few blankets inside. I opened all the window flaps and let it air out. By five I had everything I needed inside. I waited around until dark then slipped out into the night and waited.

It was stupid that I didn't have her call me to let me know what was going on. I didn't even know if she was going to come or not. I crept down to our meeting place from earlier and held up in a tree. Every time a car drove past I was filled with excitement then disappointed when it sped by.

I waited and waited and almost gave up. I began to climb down. Headlights shined from way down the road. Just another stupid car I thought as I reached the last branch and dropped to the ground. It approached and slowed to a stop at the corner. It was her. I sprinted from the woods towards the car.

I got in with her and said, "We have to park down the road because they don't know that you are coming over."

"I knew they wouldn't," she said as she drove away. "Why don't we get a room," she asked?

"I don't have the money," I said as I pointed the direction that she needed to turn. "Plus I don't have anything on the schedule for training this weekend," I continued.

"Oh," she said as she turned.

"We just have to go with what we have," I replied. "I hope you like camping."

I pointed for her to turn again. It took us around and past my house towards the end of the long road where she would park her car in an empty lot that was well covered by growth. The path led to a canal that I used for fishing. 

"Why the hell did you put the tent in your yard," she asked as we drove along?

"Where else was I going to put it," I asked?

"I don't know," she replied.

"You could have put it anywhere but there," she said.

I never thought of that I said to myself. Pussy will make you do strange stuff and not think things through. She did have a point but it was too late to move the tent now. Besides I wasn't allowed to leave the yard for fear I would have another all-night party. Mom was such a pain in the ass.

"You can always turn back," I said quietly.

"No, no," she responded quickly, "I just don't want to get caught."

"Its way out on the other side of my double lot," I lied a little to her. It wasn't that far away, but far enough I thought. "And it's dark out, who will see us," I continued.

"Do you think we are far enough away," she asked?

"Depends on how loud you scream," I teased.

"Ha ha," she growled.

"Park up in there," I said as she turned and drove down a trail into a vacant area.

"I won't get stuck will I," she asked? "That's the last fucking thing I need."

"No mud," I replied. "Just a wide 4-wheeler path with and turn to run along the canal to fish from."

"Okay," she sighed.

"Here is good," I said.

She rounded the turn and the edge of the bank came into view.

"You should have put the tent here," she snickered. "It would have been perfect."

She stopped and parked. I climbed out and waited on her. She would change her mind as soon as she got out of the car. She took a small bag out of the back seat and then climbed out.

"Fuck me," she cried.

"In a little while," I replied.

"Mosquitoes are terrible," she squawked.

"Only at night," I replied as we quickly ran for the road. We got to the end of the trail and hit the road. A soft breeze took over and forced the bugs away. I took the bag from her and held her hand as we walked down the road.

"What did you tell asshole," I asked as we walked?

"That my sister and her husband are fighting again," she replied. "I had to go over there and comfort her until she settled down," she continued. "I wouldn't be back till morning."

"Oh, good one," I said with a hint of sarcasm.

"What the hell was I supposed to tell him," she asked?

"I don't know," I snarled.

"Do you even have a sister," I asked?

"Well duh, or that excuse wouldn't have worked," she piped back. "Asshole and my sister don't like each other, they never have. She deals with him because I loved him. He won't check on my story since they don't talk."

"I hope not," I sighed.

"He won't," she puffed.

We walked in silence as the chorus of night creatures sang around us. I noticed her body language as we continued to walk. It was the same as when she was around asshole. She had dropped my hand and was folded up and had a slight scowl. What the fuck are we doing to each other I asked myself? This isn't fun, this blows.

"We need to stop this," I said.

"What," she snarled?

"Fighting," I replied. "We are supposed to have fun together and enjoy each other," I continued.

"I know," she said. "I'm sorry I am getting a little short with you. I am stressed out by him and I don't need us to get caught," she explained.

"We are going to be fine and have fun tonight," I said. "Let's not worry about anything."

She sighed as she pushed all the negative thoughts out of her head.

"Just call your sister and give her a heads up just in case," I asked?

"And tell her what," she asked? "That I'm fucking one of my students and if he calls to lie for me."

"You said she doesn't like him," I replied. "She would probably be thrilled that you found somebody else."

"Might want to leave out the part about me being a student though," I teased. She had an inquisitive look on her face.

"You are happy and she loves you, she will understand," I continued. I was reaching but hoping it would spark something inside of her.

"You know you are probably right," she sighed finally. "She would like me to be happy and find somebody else. I will find a way to hint at it."

"Just think then we can use her place and not have to camp," I teased.

"I wouldn't go that far," she laughed.

I reached out and took her hand. We walked happily in the darkness towards the tent. Something else stirred in my brain. She said 'loved him', not 'loves him'. I let it pass as we reached my yard.

We walked softly across the short green grass to the tent. I opened the door quietly and held the flap as she ducked in. I snuck a quick peek up her short skirt and saw her black thong hiding her tight pussy. Yeah, I was going to see it and fuck it but I'm still a pervert and I snuck a look.

"Nice," I teased her as I gave her a soft slap.

"Bad boy," she teased back. "You shouldn't look up your teacher's skirt." She sat quickly Indian style on the tent floor leaving me with a perfect view of her covered cunt.

I leaned down and kissed her mouth gently as my hand found her soft center. My fingers we moist at the first touch.

"Somebody a little horny," I asked?

Her shirt lifted over her head as she smiled her sexy little smile at me. Her bra popped off her tits and followed her shirt to the floor.

"Maybe," she sighed as I pushed a finger under the fabric and touched her soft lips.

"I need to use the phone," she whispered as she started to stand. "I have to make the call, I have a sinking feeling now that you made a point of it," she explained.

She opened the tent door and took her phone from her bag as she walked out. I didn't think I would get her to work that fast. I licked my finger and savored the sweet juices of her puss. I heard the grass swishing as she trotted away. Must not be too worried about getting caught I thought. She was topless and barefoot. I figured I may as well get a head start so I threw my clothes off. I lay down and waited for her to return.

She returned with her skirt in one hand and the phone in the other. She got down and opened her bag to return the phone to the pocket. Her ass faced me as her pussy strained under the fabric and begged to be touched. I couldn't resist the sight so I crawled over and firmly grabbed her ass. She shuttered at the touch but pushed back into my grasp.

I slipped a finger under the material and pulled it to one side. Her soft pussy looked back at me and dripped with excitement. I parted it with my tongue and tasted her juice. She tasted perfect. I pushed my tongue against her clit and circled it quickly. It sent a wave of pleasure through her body as she sighed with contentment.

I twisted my tongue around and around on her clit. Her cunt leaked juice readily now as I continued licking. I dipped my tongue into her hole and used my fingers to touch her clit now. She bucked hard against my attack and moaned softly as she grew close.

"Keep tongue fucking my cunt, I'm going to cum," she cried. "Yes right there, I'm cumming."

She kept bucking hard against me until her cum soaked cunt settled down. I left her pussy and licked up to her puckered asshole. I teased it for a second before I backed away. I would be visiting that later.

"God, that was what I needed," she sighed.

She rolled onto her back as I sat on my knees and ankles. She hooked her thumbs around the waist band and slipped her thong off. She threw it at me playfully. I didn't get my hands up fast enough and it slapped me in the face. They were wet and sticky as I pulled it off and sniffed the crotch.

"Perv," she teased as she sat up.

"What," I asked innocently?

"Hummm," she mumbled as her lips covered my cock.

I tossed her thong into the corner as she slopped up and down on my cock. Her tongue swirled around my sensitive and engorged head. Her spit coated my flesh and began to run down my shaft and onto my ball bag. She was giving me a wet and sloppy blow job and I liked it.

I stood slowly and allowed her to follow. She never lost contact as I now stood but stooped down. I couldn't fully stand due to the low ceiling of the tent. I placed my hands on the sides of her head. She stopped sucking and gave me the look of surrender. She was giving me the go ahead to face fuck her. I pumped slowly on and out of her tightly locked mouth. I didn't push too deep so I would gag her.

I felt the tingle and slowed. I released my hands and allowed her to take over. She happily jerked with one hand and suck hard until I grunted. She opened her mouth and I watched as my cock blasted think white ribbons of cum onto her tongue. She caught every last squirt before rolling it around in her mouth. She swallowed hard and smiled up at me.

"Ummm, that was good," she teased.

"Oh my god," I cried at the sight.

"Hum," she growled.

Her tongue flicked my dwindling cock. She smiled up at me with her sexy little smile. She wanted something. So did I so she was in luck.

"You look good on your knees," I teased.

She growled again before easily guiding my half-mast cock all the way into her mouth. Her tongue even flicked my balls. Little vixen I thought. Cheating to get all of my cock into her mouth. The feeling was intense and my cock responded quickly by growing. She suddenly stopped trying to stuff it all in but kept working it until I had filled back out.

She released but continued to jerk it. I started to sit back down. Standing hunched over was more work than I had thought. She fell back and spread her leg wide. I crawled between them and attached my mouth over her pussy again.

"Oh god," she cried. "I was going to give you my ass but that can wait."

I circled down and licked her puckered asshole. She growled softly. I returned to her excited clit and sucked it into my mouth.

"I'm already so close," she cried as I circled it hard with my tongue. "Stop so I can cum with you stuffed inside my ass."

I gave one last good lick to her wet and creamy pink center before I flopped down beside her. She quickly swung a leg over me and grabbed my cock. Her cunt had soaked her asshole and everything else that was near it so it wasn't a problem for me to slide inside. She pushed me hard against her asshole. It relaxed and I pushed inside her exit.

She settled down on my lap with me fully inside. She rested and waited for the right moment to start bouncing. I reached down and rubbed her clit with my thumb and I watched her twist with excitement. She softly heaved as she started bouncing. My cock almost popped out before she started back down. She pulled my thumb away and rubber her clit herself.

"Yes, yes," she grunted. "I'm cumming." She sank and rocked hard as she came. She whimpered as her fingers flashed back and forth over her over excited cunt.

"God, yes," she cried.

She slowed and heaved hard. She smiled as her eyes finally opened. She looked down at me and started to rise up. I thought we were going to continue but she pulled all the way off and got off. I had a puzzled look as she took the blanket and used it to wipe my cock off. Maybe I was going to get another blow job.

"Don't look so worried," she assured me. "You are going to get to do something fun in just a minute."

"What," I asked as I looked at her? Her chest glistened with sweat as she wiped. She turned back and I noticed the beads of sweat on her forehead and the trails that had run down her mid back blonde hair. It turned them a little darker than the rest of her hair. I continued down and could see and feel her sweat glistening on her tight stomach all the way to her legs.

She smiled. "I got these pills that I can use for the morning after so I won't get pregnant."

"Ok," I said not fully grasping what she meant.

She swung herself back over me and grabbed my dick. She gently pushed it against her wet lips. Then I realized what she was talking about. This was going to be better than a blow job for sure. She saw my smile.

"Yeah dummy," she teased. "I was wondering what took you so long."

She pushed my tip into her wet hole. It stretched her lips apart and slipped inside her wet center. She sank all the way down easily and held at the bottom. It felt hot and wet and almost made me cum right there. I forced myself not to. She stayed still and moaned as my cock pulsed inside her.

"Umm," she moaned. "I will take it slow."

I nodded.

"I can feel your cock throbbing," she cooed.

She rocked a little. My cock slipped around inside her wet cunt. It felt perfect. The urge to cum had passed for now.

"You ready," she asked softly?

"Uh hum," I said.

She withdrew in one long stroke before dropping back down. She started a nice rhythm.

"Why did we wait so long for this," she asked?

I shrugged. I couldn't answer even if I could think straight.

"God," she groaned.

She leaned back and grabbed my knees with her hands. It changed the angle of penetration and my view of what was happening. I could see my cock now parting her swollen lips and pushing into her wet fuck hole. My cock glistened with her juice as she started bucking harder.

"Fuck, I'm cumming," she cried. "Fuck me, I'm cumming so hard, yes, fuck," she cried. "Fuck me good." It echoed throughout the neighborhood. I hoped nobody was out, it was late thank goodness for that.

Her body bucked hard as she came. Her pussy clinched around my cock. Her pussy drenched my rod all the way down to my balls. She threw herself forward and laid on top of me. It felt good to feel her body pressed against mine. She rested for a minute as I touched her sweat soaked skin.

"God that was good," she said.

"You want to finish on top," she asked?

"Sure," I said quietly.

She slipped from my cock and laid next to me.

Her warmth left me and the air cooled my dick slightly. It glistened with her juices as it waved bye to her hot box. Don't worry cock I thought, you will be warm in a second.

I rolled over and got between her legs. I admired the sight for a second. Her pussy continued to drool hot white from its slightly parted center. It seemed to pulse much like my cock did as I gazed at it. It was the most open I had seen it before and the most soaked.

I slowly entered her soaking wet pussy. I watched the head split the lips as it pushed inside, rubber free. I buried it as much as I could. I slowly picked up the pace as my excitement build towards a fast approaching climax.

"Take it easy," she said, "I'm a little sensitive." I flexed my cock until it was as hard and as straight as I had ever had it and then I pushed slowly in and out. I could feel my cum building inside my cock.

"I'm going to," I huffed over my grunts and her groans.

"Not in me, don't do it in me," she yelped just as I started.

Fuck did I hear her right I asked myself over the intense hum of my orgasm? I pulled out and grabbed my slippery cock. I shot one on her lips as I rested my cock on her pelvic bone. I fired off the rest towards her stomach. I breathed hard as I looked at my work.

Cum slowly ran down her lips and pooled onto the blanket below. I couldn't tell if it was my cum or hers. I know I shot off once inside of her and blasted the rest everywhere else. I looked at the cum on her stomach and watched it run off the sides near her hips. I leaned down over her and softly kissed her face.

I continued to breathe hard in the stale night air as I lay next to her. Maybe camping wasn't a good idea but I didn't have anywhere else to go to get some pussy.

"Sorry, I should have told you that I don't want you to cum in me yet," she whispered in a hoarse voice. "I wanted it just in case, I want to be 100 percent sure and on the pill," she whispered softly.

"It's okay," I said, "I love you anyway."

"What," she asked with big eyes? She leaned up on her elbow.

"I love you," I whispered back and gave her a tender kiss on the cheek.

"You know I'm married right," she asked?

"Yeah, kind of," I teased as I looked at her. Did I fuck up by saying that I wondered?

"Well, as long as you understand that this could end at any time then I'm okay with knowing that you love me," she said. I guess I did I thought.

"Okay," I said as I shook my head.

"Why are you getting all weird on me," I asked?

"You're fucking crazy," she replied. "Asshole would fucking kill us both dead if he found out."

"I'm willing to take that risk just as much as you are or you wouldn't have opened your legs for me," I retorted. She sat and thought.

"Truth is," she paused, "I'm falling for you too." "I just wanted to make sure that I'm not some fantasy you wanted to act out and then leave me out in the cold." she said. Ah I thought, that must be why she chose the older man.

"Sarah, you are the best thing that has ever happened to me," I started. "It started as a fun thing to do, you know fuck my hot teacher. Now I can't do anything but think of you. I love to be with you even if we are in class and have to act like proper people. "

"You do something to me I can't explain," I continued. "Well besides this," I pointed at the mess we had made.

"I thought it was just me but I feel the same way," she replied. She started to fan herself.

"It's hot out here isn't it," I asked?

"Yeah," she said, "But I'm with you. That makes it better."

I kissed her and said, "I love you."

"I love you too," she said as she kissed me. "If things keep going like they're going I may ask for a divorce and move out," she said as she rolled and faced me.

"Really," I said as I looked into her soft eyes.

"Yeah, I'm enjoying everything we do, I feel so connected with you," she whispered.

"Me too," I said as I kissed her and squeezed her butt.

"I don't know how I will but I'm just so happy, I don't want this to end," she sighed.

"Me neither," I replied as we both sat there dreaming of things to come.

"We need a plan," I whispered.

"We will think later," she replied as the heat of the night started to make her drift off. "Let's get some rest."

I lay there and thought. We didn't stand a chance unless we did something crazy. I didn't know what that crazy was just yet but I kept thinking. I must have drifted off.

***

"Sarah," I said as I kissed her neck a little.

"Hum," she teased as she rolled over.

"You ready for another round," I asked?

"Does a fat girl like cake," she asked?
