 He was supremely bored. The workshop had droned on for a full day now, with only the briefest of breaks, addressing the corporate vision, mission and whatever else was being presented. He shifted back and forth in his thinly padded chair, looking regularly at his watch, waiting for the whole thing to be over. 

And as great as that would be, it would still be an ending of mixed blessings because their workshop center was in the middle of nowhere, one of those places designed to enable people to get back to nature. Whatever. 

All he knew was that he was very bored, very distracted and very horny. And for him. it all had to do with one of his colleagues who was also there. He had known her for a few years, seen her at a few meetings here and there. Usually they engaged in some innocent flirting, but nothing too crazy. 

Over the last little while, they had made some phone contact and ended up having some phone sex, which always left him yearning for a bit more. Her too, he thought.

Today she was wearing her usual workshop attire: tight jeans and form hugging sweater, which showed off her tight ass and very ample tits. 

He thought if things went well tonight, they might be able to have some phone sex at least. Given that everyone was staying in the same lodge, the prospect of a overnight rendezvous seemed pretty remote. Oh well, he thought, some phone line fun is better than none. 

She too, was finding the workshop more than a bit demanding. Discuss this, analyze that, strategize on those....damn, whatever happpened to those one hour personality profile inventories, then a free afternoon to get into some trouble? 

And with those tight jeans rubbing against her swollen clit and sitting in a room full of men, what is a girl to do except fantasize about being ravished by the guy of her choosing? 

With that in mind, she zeroed in on her phone sex buddy. Good looking guy, great hair, sexy smile and eyes that seemed to be able to look deep into her soul. 

And deep inside her was where things were building: her swollen clit being rubbed by the tight jeans she chose specifically for that purpose, her thoughts going to having him alone with her in her room while he mounted her and rode her like the wild animal she wanted to be. With that in mind, she maintained her outward calm while she squeezed and released her hot pussy until she came in her own private moment of released joy.

As the meeting wrapped up and the evening progressed, he wandered around the grounds thinking about his growing need to cum, one way or the other. Looking for her at the bar and the social event later that night, he was dismayed to note she was nowhere to be found. Oh well, he thought, I'll head up to the room, have a night cap and take care of business on my own. Not ideal by any means, but a guy's gotta do what he can.

While he was settling in for the night, she was finding herself equally restless. Sitting through another meeting which she had neither the power to avoid or the will to enjoy, she could only think of what it would be like to have this guy alone for a chunk of time. Oh, the things she would do: kissing, sucking, grabbing, teasing, fingering, role-playing, tonguing, riding, fucking, cumming....damn, here comes another quiet explosion....and that laid the groundwork for her plan.

He was still lying in bed, beginning to conjure up the fantasy he wanted, to get his cock hard so he could have a good cum before falling asleep. As he lay in bed, thinking about feeding his cock into her hungry mouth, he heard a knock at the door.

That not only surprised him, but also amazed him. Could the timing be that perfect? Could she actually be outside of his door? And if she was, he thought there could only be one reason....With that in mind, he leaped out of bed and looked through the peep hole in the door. 

Standing outside the door, she waited with rising impatience. Not only did she not want to be seen outside his door, but more than that, she needed his cock and she needed it now.

As the door swung open, she slipped inside, only to see him standing in front of her, eyes wide open with a gorgeous erection pointed directly at her. Without saying a word, she kneeled down directly in front of him, took one lick of his straining cock head, then with one fluid motion, took the whole shaft into her mouth as far as it would go.

Seeing his fantasy come to life as she bobbed up and down on his shaft, snapped him out of his amazed state. He reached down to slide one hand under her jeans so he could squeeze her ass cheek and slid his other hand under her top so he could fondle her gorgeous tits. 

"My God, you have no idea how long I've been waiting to want to have you," he rasped, as she gobbled his cock.

"Me too," she spat out, before returning to the cock in her hand. 

Feeling his hand on her nipples made her want to attack him now. She stood up and with their eyes locked, she began to unbuckle her belt and slowly wriggle her way out of her jeans. Tossing her hips back and forth, she knew she would get him worked up. And to kick it up a notch more, she turned around so that as her jeans came down, he would be seeing her perfect ass come into view, split by a sexy, white lace thong.

What an ass, he thought. Seeing those swaying cheeks, he knew he needed her naked...now. He moved in behind her and with one forceful sweep, pulled her top and bra right off, tossing them over his shoulder. Turning her around, he kissed her deeply, pulling her closely into him so he could feel her tits on his chest and she his cock on her pussy. He then quickly swept her up in his arms and laid her gently on the waiting bed.

Again, in one smooth motion, he slid her thong off, revealing a perfectly shaved cunt, glistening with her hot pussy juices. As he slid one hand down over her swollen cunt, he leaned down to suck on one of her straining nipples. This move put his cock at the perfect position, so she turned her head and again started devouring his cock.

Fingering, sucking, being sucked....this was quickly turning into a dream come true for him. But what he really wanted was to ride this dream come true; to fuck her in every way imaginable and every position he could think of. With that, he pivoted on one foot, swung his leg over her and had his cock placed right between her full tits. Not saying a word, she immediately squeezed her tits together to give him the tit-fucking he wanted. As his fuckhead appeared and disappeared between her full bosom, every so often she would lean forward to tongue his cock head and moisten it for the ride through her canyon.

"You like that tit ride?" she asked, squeezing her tits together even harder.

"Fuck....fuck yeah," he moaned, as he slowed down to savour the ride.

"Okay, my turn to play," she said, pushing him off to the other side of the bed. She then spun around and crawled over him, placing her hot cunt above his mouth, while she took his shaft into her waiting mouth.

As they both sucked and tongued each other, they both could feel the rising desire and need to ride each other...hard.

Seeing her pussy and asshole right in front of him, was more than he could bear. After some frantic tonguing, sucking and licking, he knew he need to ride her. This time, he pushed her off, crawled in behind her and lifted her hips off the bed so his cock was aiming right at her two fuck holes.

"What do you want to fuck?", she purred, looking like the wild woman she was and that he wanted her to be.

"I'll start with a good pussy fuck first," he said, and with that he took one slide across her cunt to moisten his straining rod, before plunging it deep inside her molten pussy.

Feeling that dick ram inside, electrified her and caused her head to snap back.

"Oh fuck yes, fuck me with your hard cock," she babbled, as he grabbed her hair and started slamming his cock into her dripping pussy. 

Fucking her like he did caused her full tits to bounce along in time to the rhythm of the fucking, heightening her sensations and his enjoyment of seeing her tits bounce to his pounding.

"Squeeze your nipples," he hissed, so she then cupped her tits and squeezed one of her eraser-like nipples.

Seeing that, he slapped one of her ass cheeks and picked up the pace, fucking and pounding her even more wildly.

Feeling the sting of his slap on her ass sent her into a different place. She turned into this babbling, crazed women who wanted only to fuck and be fucked.

"Oh fuck me, fuck me hard, fuck my ass, please fuck me," her voice trailed off as he slapped her other ass cheek and pounded her cunt even harder than before.

"You want a good ass fucking? That's just what you'll get," he spat. He backed out, laid her on her side and pulled her to the side of the bed. Leaning on her elbow, she looked over her shoulder and used one hand to spread her ass cheek so he could drive her fuck hole with his straining rod. Seeing her look at him, he pointed his dick at her ass while she guided him in to her wet and waiting hole. 

As they both took a deep breath, she relaxed and swallowed his fuckrod while he grabbed her hips and powered his cock deep inside her.

"Fuck..." they both whispered, as he started pounding her and as she reached back to pull his hips into her. For them to wait this long to finally enjoy each other and to finish it with this ass-fucking was just perfect for them both. 

"Oh yes, fuck me, fuck that ass, fuck it good and hard you ass-fucker," she squealled. Hearing that, he almost became mindless, wanting nothing more than to feel the sensation of a tight ass on his straining rod.

"Fuck, I'll fuck you, I'll fuck your fucking ass," With that, he started slamming into her even harder, both of them feeling his balls bang against her hot, wet cunt. That banging for both of them was all they both needed to start to erupt; he could feel balls tightening, ready to cum. She could feel the waves building in her, as her body coiled for the cumming.

The pace was mad now, his cock pounding into her hot, wet ass while his balls bounced against her pussy and her tits jiggled back and forth with the ass-pounding she was getting and loving. 

With a few final thrusts, he exploded deep inside her ass tunnel, his dick spewing it's load in waves of absolute release. At the same time, her body was being washed over with wave after wave of cum-drenched ectasy and joy.

As he pulled out, he collapsed on the bed beside her, both of them trying to catch their breath as they savoured each and every sensation they were feeling.

After a few minutes, their eyes connected again and they both knew they couldn't wait until the next conference.