 She comes out of the bathroom wearing a blue set of lingerie, and models it for me sexily.

I smack her ass as she turns, and wiggles it in front of me.

"You're so fucking sexy, Sophie." I breathe, squeezing her ass.

"So are you." She says seductively, as she gives me a little lap dance.

"Mm, I want to see you in another set you own." I say pinching her. 

She squeaks, and goes back to the bathroom, making sure to swing her hips for me. I bite my lip and stroke my cock. It's so erect that it almost hurts. I take the thong that I defiled earlier, and wrap it around my cock as I stroke it.

She comes back out, modeling a red set this time. I squeeze my cock harder, and bite my lip as I watch her. The red really flatters her skin, and her hair. Her eyes flash as she sees me masturbating, and she begins dancing for me again.

"You like being my little whore?"

"So much." She says as she dances.

I watch her. How the hell did I manage to find someone who's just a hungry for sex as me.

"Show me another set." I say masturbating more.

She leaves again, and comes back wearing a lovely lavender set. She crawls toward me on all fours and stops in the middle of the floor and sits, spreads her legs for me, and slips a hand into her thong, and begins playing with herself.

I see her fingers through the thin fabric, and I gasp, and cum uncontrollably all over the thong I'm using again.

I pause for a moment, stroking it. It's still hard.

"Get your ass on the bed."

She gets up, and climbs onto the bed for me. "Get on all fours, and raise your ass up for me."

She does what I say, and I make my way over to her. I climb onto the bed on my knees, and I slap her ass. I hold her wrists together in front of her, and cuff them together again. She arches her back for me, and lean back and look at her.

"I'm going to make you mine." I say.

I pull out my pocket knife again, and this time my lighter.

I open the blade, and heat it up with my lighter. She trembles, unable to see what I'm doing.

I get the blade really hot, and then press it firmly to her skin. She gasps, and whines.

"Oh fuck!" She calls out... her cries turns me on more.

I brand her more, leaving beautiful red marks all over her ass.

I heat the knife again, and press it the crotch of her pussy. She whines in an almost protest, but it deflates into pure pleasure as she lets me have full control.

*****

"What's in that room?" I point to the door at the other end of the hall opposite of her room.

"That's my mom's room." I walk down the hall and go inside.

"Your dad doesn't stay here?"

"He does, he's just away a lot." She says simply, starting to turn to walk out. I grab her hand.

"Wait. I want.. to fuck you on their bed." I say.

"Okay." She says. I pull her back into the room, and we sit on the edge of their bed and make out.

She strokes my cock, and I squeeze her breasts, tonguing her deeply.

"Is this weird?" I breathe between kisses.

"A little." She sighs.

"Does it turn you on?"

"Hehe.. a little."

"Mmm.. did they make you on this bed?" I say. I feel her turning red.

"I don't know. I guess. We haven't lived anywhere else." She laughs.

"Do they still fuck?" I suck her earlobe.

"I don't think so. My mom's a big whore too. She's at someone elses house for the weekend now. My dad's got a really hot secretary, so I doubt it." She kisses my neck.

"Have they fucked anyone else on this bed besides each other?"

"Yeah. I'm pretty sure of it."

"Mmm. Bend over my lap." She does what I tell her. "Did they ever spank you?" I run my hand over her ass. I trace the brands I gave her with my fingers. I see her turning red again.

"Yes. They did."

I strike her ass hard. "Were you a bad girl?"

"Fuck! Yes!" She cries out.

"You're still a bad girl, aren't you baby." I strike her ass again.

"Fuck yes, Sir."

"Suck my fingers whore." I push them into her mouth, and she sucks.

"Inviting her teacher who's she's been banging for over a month to fuck her at her parents house, and lets him do her on her parents bed." She whines, sucking my fingers. I spank her over and over. She gasps every time. I smile and push my fingers into her pussy. She cries out, and trembles. "Mmm, look how fucking wet the little whore is. Does this turn you on Sophie? Hm?" I say twisiting my fingers inside of her.

She moans happily as I finger her harder.

"You're a little bitch you know that?" I say. She moans, and I pull my fingers out and suck them, and put them back in.

I finger her until she cums all over my hand. I suck it off, and feed some of it to her.

I lay back against the pillows, and she sits in front of me on her knees. I hold out two fingers and put my wrist in her hand.

"Feed me more of your cum and wetness from your pussy with my fingers." I say.. She smiles, bites her lip, and pulls my hand down, eases my fingers in and swivels her hips around, getting them wet.

"Mmm, fuck. You're dripping on the blankets." I say watching her. She gasps, and pulls the fingers out, and pushes them to my lips and I suck them clean. 

She does it again, riding my fingers a little, and instead I push them into her mouth.

She strokes my cock with her free hand, and pushes my fingers inside again, and feeds it to me again. This time leaning into me, kissing my lips and pushes her tongue in my mouth with my fingers, and strokes my cock. I groan and run my free hand through her hair, and hold her head firmly in place as we kiss.

"Turn around and get on your hands, and knees. I want you." I say breaking this kiss, and pushing her as she does what she's told.

I ram my cock inside her with no hesitation, fucking her like crazy. 

I take a fistful of her hair, and pull her back, making her back arch more.

She thrusts back into my cock as I fuck her, moaning my name over and over.

"I'm going to fill your pussy on your parents bed you little whore."

The bed creaks, and I grab her ass, and hold her still, while I pump her full.