 Jason sat behind the wheel of his gold Nissan Sentra and drummed his fingers tensely. He was starting a new job tomorrow, student teaching at a local high school, and he was nervous about his first day. He was on his way to what was rumored to be the hottest strip club in the area in an effort to relax. Jason turned into the parking lot and put his car into park, taking a deep breath – he’d never been to a place like this before! – and getting out. Walking into the club, Jason noticed many of the women there eyeing him appreciatively – at 6’4” with brown hair and green eyes, clad in tight leather pants and a tight white t-shirt with a blue shirt, unbuttoned, over it, he was quite a pleasing sight. He strode past them and into the main room of the club. Just as he entered, the lights dimmed and a gorgeous girl appeared onstage. Dressed in only a red g-string, her tall, slender body and silky, chin-length blonde hair caught Jason’s eye immediately. He pushed his way to the front of the crowd right near her, and stood, transfixed, as she swayed her hips to “I’m a Slave 4 U.” 

Jason could feel his cock stiffening as he watched her, and she looked over at him, smiling sexily and licking her red lips. She could see his cock already filling out the tight pants, and she moved to a pole in front of him and began to grind into it, swinging her gorgeous hair and letting her pussy bump the pole. She danced her way over to him and it was as if they were the only two people in the room. He pulled a $20 bill out of his pocket and slipped it into the side of her g-string as she bent over in front of him. She winked and turned away, swaying, giving him a great view of her ass, not covered at all by her tiny red panties. As she continued to move with her back to him, Jason’s erection grew to the point of painfulness – this little sex kitten had him incredibly turned on. He unzipped his pants and let his cock spring free of the tight, hot leather, huge in comparison to the other men around him. He took it in his hand and nearly unconsciously began to stroke it as he watched her dance, his fingers moving over the 8 solid inches. She began to rub her body all over the pole again, and, wishing it was him she was rubbing against, and his hand moved faster and faster, seeking the relaxation and release he needed. She thrust her hips forward towards the crowd and inserted two fingers into her pussy as she did so, eliciting many moans from the men around her. Upon seeing this, Jason couldn’t control himself and his cock spasmed, shooting out a stream of thick cum.

As the dancer gyrated her way offstage, Jason grunted and zipped up his tight pants, feeling both relaxed and intrigued by the sexy dancer. He turned to leave, getting in his car and driving home, gathering up all of his books and materials for class the next day before going to bed. His mind was filled with thoughts of the dancer, mentally calling her ‘kitten’ as she danced through his dreams. In the morning he woke up from a dream of a special lap dance with a raging hard-on – and no time to take care of it. Jason had to let his erection subside as he took a quick shower, put on a pair of dress pants, a collared shirt, and a conservatively striped tie. He picked up his messenger bag, all thoughts of the dream gone from his mind, and got in his car.

As Jason pulled into the parking lot, his stomach tensed up with nervousness. He steeled himself, grabbed his bag, and entered the building. He looked at the piece of paper in his hand with his classroom number on it, and found his way there. His hand on the doorknob, Jason took a deep breath, then turned the knob and entered the room. The teacher, a woman in a long skirt and long sleeved top, came to greet him. She held out her slim hand to him, saying, “Hello, you must be Mr. Michaels. My name is Miss Bentley, but you may call me Catherine, since we’ll be working together every day.”

Jason was wracking his brain, trying to figure out why this woman looked so familiar to him. She was tall, but much shorter than he was, around 5’9,” with blonde hair pulled back and little cat-like glasses on her nose. He guessed her to be only slightly older than his 22 years. Hearing her introduce herself jerked him back to reality, and he shook her hand firmly, saying with a charming smile, “Yes, I’m Mr. Michaels, but you can call me Jason.”

Catherine smiled at him, oddly as though she knew him, and told him, “Come this way, I’ll show you to the desk where you can keep your things. You’ll be instructing the class on history, as I’m sure you know, and because you’re a student teacher, you’ll have to stay after school with me each day to review the next day’s lesson plans. Any questions?”

Jason shook his head, replying, “No, none at all.” He still couldn’t shake the feeling that he knew this woman, but as he racked his brain trying to place her, the students began filing in and taking their seats. 

He shook the thought out of his head as Catherine stepped to the front of the room, taking his arm and pulling him with her. She waited until the class got in their seats, then cleared her throat and announced, “Class, this is our new student teacher, Mr. Michaels. Please give him a warm welcome.”

As the class applauded politely, Jason blushed. Once she thought they had shown enough support, Catherine told the class what lesson they’d be covering today. She’d be teaching today, so he could have time to prepare his first lesson plan. The day flew by as Jason sat to the side, a source of supplemental information to Catherine’s lectures to her different classes. After school he showed her the lesson plans he had formulated for the next day, they said goodnight and parted at the school’s door.

After a week had gone by and Jason was settled into his role as student teacher, he was still bothered by Catherine’s seeming familiarity. On Friday afternoon he went home still confused. His weekend was spent making lesson plans in advance and hanging out with friends, and on Sunday night he turned in early, getting ready for school the next day.

During the night Jason began to dream again, his dream about the sexy dancer he had seen a weekend before. Once again she was giving him a lap dance, and she began to move to go down on him, putting her lips over his cock. His dream self moaned and slid his fingers into her hair, pushing it back from her face…and suddenly he jerked awake. His cock was rock hard as he recalled what he just saw – Catherine was the dancer from the strip club!

Too excited to go back to sleep, Jason sat up in bed and thought about Catherine, the seemingly prim teacher who had been so kind to him, and his ‘kitten’ from the club and his dreams, and wondered how he had never realized the connection before. He had grown to look forward to each school day, but thinking about the day ahead, he couldn’t imagine how he’d face it from now on, knowing that the object of his dreams was instructing him. By the time he managed to calm himself down sufficiently by looking over his lesson plans, it was time for his shower and then to get ready for school.

When Jason entered the classroom Monday morning, he could barely keep his thoughts on history – he was so distracted, staring at Catherine when she wasn’t looking, trying to picture the shape of her sexy body under her outfit. The day passed uneventfully until the very last period, when Catherine stood in front of the class and announced, “Class, I know you are all going to be disappointed to miss the lecture on the Great Depression, but we will have that tomorrow. The school has mandated that every teacher give their last period class a special sexual education lecture.”

Jason’s jaw dropped; he could barely believe his ears. He was going to have to sit through a fifty minute period while this sexy creature in front of him explained the facts of sex to these kids? He didn’t know if he could take it! He took a seat at his desk as Catherine began the lecture, to hide the rather obvious problem he knew was going to develop as he listened to her sexy voice talking about sex.

As Catherine talked to the students, lecturing about sex ed Jason could feel himself getting hard under his desk as he pictured himself and Catherine entwined in the actions she was describing. Her lecture went into some detail, and as she spoke he found his mind wandering, imagining getting his own private dance from her and engaging in the actions she was detailing, sliding himself deep into her…

The loud ringing of the bell, signifying the end of class, interrupted his reverie and he tried, rather unsuccessfully, to compose himself as the students exited. He picked up his messenger bag, holding it in front of himself in an attempt to hide his erection from Catherine. As he was on his way out the door, muttering an incoherent goodbye, she stopped him. “Oh, Jason,” she said, “I need to ask you a favor. I am trying to hang this poster, but I just can’t reach high enough. Do you think you could help?”

Jason swallowed hard and answered, “Sure, Catherine. What do you need?” He put his bag down, careful not to draw her attention to his crotch.

She asked him to come over and stick up the top two corners of the poster, and as he pressed them in and held them she slipped under his arms to affix the bottom corners. Her ass accidentally brushed his crotch as she did, pressing briefly up against his hardness. He was frozen with nervousness – had she felt it? She had, and she smiled to herself, wondering if he had finally recognized her. They finished putting up the poster and she went to her desk, saying, “Thank you, Jason! Have a wonderful weekend.” 

She accidentally dropped a folder on the ground as he was answering and as she bent to pick it up, giving him an amazing view of her ass under her short skirt, he could contain himself no longer. In two swift strides he covered the distance between them and, sliding his hands around her waist, pulled her roughly back against him, grinding his hard cock against her ass. He growled, “Do you feel what you do to me?” while letting her feel his full length.

Amazed at how large he felt, she said in a sexy voice, “So, I see you’ve finally realized who I am – and you like the idea, I can feel that!”

He moaned, “Yes – I finally recognized you – god, you are the sexiest woman alive!”

Jason turned Catherine around, gently lifted her up and sat her on the edge of her desk, then took her lips with his, kissing her sensuous mouth and parting her lips to slip his tongue in to twine with hers. Her legs involuntarily opened a bit, and he moved his body closer to her, sliding his hands around her waist and up her back, cradling her head in his hand to pull her lips to his. Her hands roamed his chest, scratching lightly through his shirt as she moaned into his kiss.

Jason moved his hands back down her sides and along her thighs, pulling her legs around his waist and moving even closer to her as they kissed. His fingers traced the outline of her breasts through her shirt, his thumbs lingering on her hardened nipples. Catherine finally broke the kiss as she exhaled a loud moan as his hands played with her tits. Jason unbuttoned her blouse and began to run his tongue over the soft mounds, reaching back to unclasp her bra and expose her exquisite breasts to him. He took first one nipple and then the other into his mouth, letting his tongue tease them as Catherine moaned and twined her fingers in his hair, pulling him closer.

Catherine could feel the tingles of pleasure straight from her nipples to her pussy, which was getting wetter and wetter as Jason used his tongue on her. She reached her hands around to his ass, pulling him even closer with her legs around his waist and her fingers feeling his muscular ass. She trailed her hands around and ran them up and down his thighs, scratching lightly to increase the sensation there. She extended one hand and grasped his cock through his pants, and he let out a gasp, involuntarily thrusting his hips to her hand. She trailed her tongue around his ear and murmured, “Mmmm, it feels like somebody has quite a problem that needs to be taken care of!”

Jason growled, “Yes, please!” and thrust toward her hand again.

Catherine laughed sexily and said, “An eager tiger, hmmm?” She set to work unbuttoning and unzipping his pants, and he kicked them off with his shoes and socks. She admired his black and gold boxers, but she especially admired the huge tent in the front of him caused by his cock. She slowly lowered the fabric over his hips and he saw her eyes widen with delight when she saw his huge shaft. He got rid of the boxers, too, and as she wrapped her hand around his cock, so thick she could barely close her fingers around him, his eyes closed and he let out a moan of pure delight.

She began to stroke him slowly, and after a few minutes she took her other hand and wrapped it around his shaft as well – and her two fists together didn’t even cover his whole length! He was in ecstasy at the feeling. Catherine slipped off the desk and motioned for him to sit down, and when he did she began stripping for him. She pulled off her already unbuttoned shirt, then her bra, tossing them in a pile…she turned around, bending over as she unzipped her skirt, letting him have a nice view of her ass as she pulled it down and tossed it to the pile. She lifted her leg onto the desk, placing her foot over his hard-on and rubbing as she took off her silky smooth stockings, then repeated the action with her other foot. Finally, she slipped her hands inside her red, lacy thong – Jason was sure he saw her finger herself briefly! – and slide the flimsy material over her ass and down her long legs. He could see the wetness on the crotch of them as she tossed them aside, and that combined with her sexy dance had his cock harder than ever. She looked at his huge shaft and said, “Mmmmm, my naughty tiger likes to watch that? Well, now it’s time for his first lesson!”

Catherine reached into her desk and pulled out a ruler. “Your first lesson is on measuring, Jason,” she purred, “and what a lovely example we have right here!” She held the ruler up to his long cock, and went weak in the knees as she read the measurement. “9 and ½ inches? Wow, what a well-endowed tiger!”

Jason moaned as the cold steel ruler pressed against his throbbing cock, and at the feeling of her caress on his shaft. He was shocked by her forwardness, but extremely excited by the thought of being taught a lesson by this sexy kitten.

She looked up at him, lust in her eyes, and said, “The next lesson of the day is Anatomy – and oh, look, we once again have a perfect example to use!” She knelt in front of him and licked the head of his cock, scooping up the precum on her tongue. She moaned, making the air hum around his tip, and he could barely contain himself; he needed to be in her mouth. She lowered her lips just over his tip, kissing it and rubbing her tongue on the head and her lips on the ridge just below, and just when she thought he was going to go crazy, Catherine allowed the head to slip past her lips, letting his cock slide into her warm, wet mouth. She inched her lips over Jason’s cock, taking him in a little at a time, all the while letting her tongue caress his most sensitive spots. She pulled back and then leaned forward again, stroking his shaft slowly with her lips, then faster – bobbing her head up and down on his cock. From the moment she had seen him at the club and then watched him jerking off for her, she had wanted this – wanted his cock, his cum in her mouth, and more. 

She was massaging his shaft with her lips and tongue, cupping and rubbing his balls with her hands. Jason couldn’t control his moans as he pushed her head down farther, pulling her hair back with his hands so he could watch her lips, spread wide to accommodate his huge cock.

Catherine moaned again, simply at the taste of his dick, and the vibrations were too much for Jason – he exploded in her mouth, covering her throat with load after load of hot cum. She sucked him dry, then continued licking him, cleaning his cock, then slowly let him slide out of her mouth. When she looked up at him, she smiled at the look of extreme pleasure on his face, murmuring, “Did you like that lesson?”

He could barely reply, but managed to say, “Yes, when’s the next one?”

She could feel his cock, still hard, under her – she could barely believe that he was ready to go again, but she definitely wasn’t going to complain. Catherine leaned down to suck on his neck, tonguing the spot over his Adam’s apple, enjoying the low, sexy growls that brought from his throat. She then licked her way up to his ear, caressing the sensitive spot just below as she murmured throatily in his ear, “Tiger, you taste so good!”

Jason couldn’t take it anymore, his cock was aching to be buried inside of her. He moved Catherine away from himself, stood up, cleared the desk with one mighty swipe of his strong arm, and pushed her onto it. He growled, “I’m going to teach you a lesson now, you naughty kitty – your lesson is sex ed, just like the one you taught before!”

He pushed into her, slamming his cock all the way to the hilt inside her pussy. She screamed at the quickness of it and at how good his huge cock felt inside her. He gasped as her pussy surrounded him, fitting him perfectly. He began to thrust into her, saying in between thrusts, “Does…my…kitty…like…her…lesson?”

She couldn’t even answer, all she could do was simply moan, and moan. Jason began thrusting harder, telling her, “I want to make my kitten scream!” He pulled out so only the tip of his cock was in her and then buried himself inside repeatedly. Catherine’s back was arching off the table as she thrust herself up to him, moaning louder and louder as his balls slapped her ass on each thrust.

Catherine could feel Jason’s cock swelling inside her, expanding to fill her up. She couldn’t believe that he could get any bigger, but he proved it to her every second as his cock grew harder and thicker. He was fucking her at an almost frantic pace now, his shaft rubbing her tight walls, creating an unbearable friction, his pelvic bone hitting hers on each thrust as his cock stimulated her throbbing clit. She arched her back more and more now, almost unable to take the exquisite pleasure of his thrusts. She squeezed her pussy around Jason’s cock, making him moan loudly in his deep, sexy voice. He began to try to pull out of her pussy, groaning that he was about to cum, but Catherine grabbed his ass and pulled him deeper inside of her, tightening her pussy and begging, “Please, Jason, cum inside me! Fill me up with your hot cum, make me explode!”

Upon hearing her words, Jason could hold back no longer, and his shaft began to expand rapidly as his orgasm took over his body. Catherine’s pussy could barely stretch to accommodate his huge cock, and his last few thrusts made her cum all over his massive shaft, her pussy contracting around him as he let out an animalistic groan and exploded inside her, his cum jetting out to coat her walls, the streams so powerful she screamed in pleasure as her own orgasm was prolonged.

Jason thrust one last time into Catherine’s body, holding himself deep inside her as he emptied his balls into her spasming pussy. He collapsed on top of her as she lay on the desk, trying to catch her breath and recover from her amazing orgasm. He found her lips with his and captured them in a kiss, caressing her mouth with his as they melted into each other. He ran his fingers through her hair, loving how she looked, sweaty and sated, under him.

Finally, after several minutes of basking in the warm afterglow of their sex, Jason pulled out of Catherine’s pussy. He began pulling his clothes on, getting ready to leave as she collected her garments and began dressing too. They walked to the door in silence, holding hands, and when they got to the parking lot, Catherine stood on tiptoes to embrace him, pulling him down so her lips brushed his ear, murmuring, “Thank you, Jason – that was absolutely amazing!”
