 I carry her to the bathroom, kissing her deeply, and set her down.

We wash the pens in the sink with soap, and set it down on the countertop.

She starts the shower, and I sit back on the chair that's in the bathroom for some reason.

"Aren't you getting in?" She says.

"Show me how you fuck yourself with your dildos first. I want to watch."

She smiles happily, and steps into the shower.

She goes to the corner, drops to her knees, and immediately begins riding one that's on the floor. There's two above her on the wall, and she takes those in her hands, and strokes them.. holding them close together and licking the heads at the same time.

"Oh my god." I say, stroking my own cock. She smiles, and sucks one. "Who taught you how to be such a slut." She moans. "Mmm fuck baby, take that cock." I encourage her. "No wonder why you fail my class, you can't stop thinking about getting fucked to pay attention can you." 

She smiles, riding it harder.

"Nope. I really can't." She lifts one of the dilidos up, and presses her face into the balls that are attached to it, and sucks them into her mouth as she strokes the shaft of both.

"Oh fuck, you're so hot. I want to watch you get fucked just like that."

"Mmm. Me too."

I get up from the chair, step into the shower, and pull her head to my cock, and force it down her throat. I fuck her face hard while she moans, taking the toy inside her, continuing to stroke the others.

I cum into her mouth and she takes it all.

*****

She finally comes out of the bathroom wearing my shirt. I bite my lip, and she smiles at me.

"I cleaned up my parents bedroom, and the office." She says. "I took the pens back too." She says smirking at me.

"Come here." I say gently. She walks over to me, and climbs into her bed with me. I pull her close, and squeeze her ass.

We kiss, and I run my fingers through her hair.

******

I wake the next morning bathing in light coming from her window. I stare around for a moment, remembering where I was.

An image of her riding my cock on her parents bed flashed behind my eyes while I blinked.

Where is she? I feel the bed for her, but she isn't there.

I get up, put on my boxers, step into her bathroom and swish my mouth with mouthwash. I look in her cabinet, and find a pack of toothbrushes. One's been removed. I take one out, and use it.

I cautiously make my way downstairs, and peer out to see no cars in the driveway but hers.

I find her in the kitchen, wearing my shirt again. She's tied it up above her ass in a sexy way, wearing a beautiful blue thong that sets off my dark grey dress shirt. She's turned away from me, cooking on the stove.

"Morning sexy." I say. She turns around, walks over to me and kisses me.

"Your morning voice is hot." She says. "Are you hungry?"

I squeeze her ass. "Yes." I smile down at her. I pick her up, kissing her and setting her down on the countertop, and take over frying to bacon. "Let me do this." I say, squeezing her thigh. She watches me cook for a minute, and bites her lip, looking me over.

She hops down from the countertop, climbs between me, and the stove and pulls my cock out and sucks me while I cook.

"Fuck... Sophie." I breathe. Luckily she's set everything out, so I don't have to move. I let her suck me nice and slowly. I make us some scrambled eggs, and toast in the toaster on the counter beside me.

She sucks me faster, and I run my fingers through her hair. She's using her hands, and she's not even taking time to breathe.

I run my fingers through her hair, and groan.

"Mmmm, get ready for breakfast baby." I hold her head still, and cum down her throat. She moans, and swallows all of it.

She kisses it all over, and I prepare our plates. She gets up, and I kiss her hard. I turn the stove off. "Put more of it on your plate if you like, I didn't know how much you'd want." She smiles, and dishes out some more eggs, and then brings her plate to the living room.

We watch TV while we eat.

She takes our dishes back to the kitchen, and washes them. She comes back to the living room, and straddles my lap. I kiss her.

"I can't believe we're going to be in class together tomorrow." She says.

"Me neither. It's.. going to be really hard to focus."

"Maybe I shouldn't go then, give you some time."

"No, it's alright. I can handle it. Besides, we'll take care of it after class." I say. She smiles at me, and kisses me. She begins grinding on my lap.

"I can't believe we fucked on my dad's desk yesterday." 

"It was hot." I say, squeezing her ass and grinding into her. I unbutton my shirt, and kiss her nipples. "I'm definitely going to fuck you there again too. Maybe fit his stapler in there." She laughs. "I want to fuck you on your parents bed again too." She squirms, and grinds me harder.

"I love it. I want you to fuck me all day today too." She whines while gripping my shoulders."

"You can't get enough can you?"

"No way." She says, biting my lip.

"What if your parents came in right now."

"They'd see what a big slut I am for you."

"Fuck me Sophie." I say as we're running our hands over each other breathing deeply, she's already easing my cock inside her.