 I was burning the midnight oil at school, attempting to catch up on grading student essays. Okay, so I really was only burning the lights in my classroom and it wasn't midnight, it was about 5:30 in the evening. Anyway, I had a lot of work to get done. 

I heard a key in my door and looked up to see the evening shift custodian come into my room. We talked for a minute or two, and then he began to run the vacuum cleaner around the room, prohibiting conversation. When he finished, he emptied my trash can and said goodbye. 

I had gone back to my grading when I heard a key in the door again. The custodian came back in carrying an obviously heavy box. He set it down on the floor with a big thump.

"What's that?" I asked him.

"Don't know" he muttered, "you'll have to ask her." 

"Her?" I thought to myself. 

About that time Tina Spell, another teacher in my department stepped up into the room. She was carrying a smaller box.

"Oh good, you're still here!" she said as she saw me at my desk. She turned to the custodian and said, "Thanks Aaron, I appreciate your help." 

As he walked out the door, she turned to me and said, "You obviously didn't get the memo about our new textbooks. You were supposed to get them from the office today."

"We got new textbooks?" I asked as the door closed shut behind the custodian.

"No, silly," she whispered, "I had to give Aaron a reason for coming in here, now didn't I?"

"Then, what's in the box?" I replied, already somewhat aroused by her presence.

"Well," she replied, "this heavy box on the floor is full of textbooks. This little box on the desk is full of fun."

Tina was wearing her usual business suit. It was standard attire for female teachers at the high school. Her skirt showed off her nicely tanned legs, but everything else was respectfully covered.

"Fun?" I said with a smile. "What kind of fun comes in a box?"

"Oh, all kinds of fun," she replied as she opened the box.

I watched spellbound, which is what all the guys at school call her, as she reached into the box and pulled out a big purple dildo, some rope, handcuffs, and a blindfold.

"Still got your camera?" she asked, referring to the one I kept in my desk. "I thought that since you liked to take pictures of naked ladies spread across your classroom desks with cum smeared on their body, well...I'd give you some opportunities to explore your hobby."

I was almost instantly hard. I was hard as a rifle barrel. 

I reached into my desk drawer and pulled out my camera.

"Well?" I asked her, "How do you want to do this?"

She looked at me with a serious look and said softly, "Why don't you just tell me what to do and I have to do it?"

I didn't hesitate. "Walk around the room. I'm going to take pictures as you do. Every few minutes I want you to take off an article of clothing."

She stood up, and began slowly walking around the room. I snapped away with my digital camera. First she slid out of her jacket. Then she pulled her shirt from the skirt. She turned her back to me and pulled the shirt up over her ass, then slowly slid the skirt to the floor. The shirt came off next, followed by the black thong panties and a black lacy bra. Soon she was standing in front of me completely naked.

Tina has an awesome body. She had shaved her pussy hair until it was just a small landing strip. Her nipples were standing proud and erect on her perfect breasts. 

As she was stripping, I had moved around the room taking pictures. As I did so, I had picked up each article of her clothes and tossed them into opposite corners of the room.

"You realize how totally exposed you are right now?" I asked her. "Aaron, another custodian, or anyone with a key could come in here right now."

"Mmmm," she moaned. "Now what do you want me to do?"

"Stand on the student desks," I ordered making sure they were well balanced. "I want one foot on each desk, and put your hands on the ceiling." As she did this, I kept taking pictures. I only hoped my memory card would hold out.

I got some rope from the box and crawled upon the desk behind her. I pushed up on the ceiling tile and ran the rope up and over the grid. I tied it in small loop. I hopped down and retrieved the handcuffs, and placing them through the loop of rope, I then clamped them on her wrists.

So there she was, a fellow teacher standing naked on the student desks, her wrists in handcuffs and attached to the ceiling. I stepped back and viewed my handiwork. She looked so sexy. I snapped a few pictures from the front and the back.

Then I walked up the aisle until I was between her legs. I slowly kissed her belly, moving my way down until I was nuzzling between her legs. She spread her thighs as far apart as she could as my tongue found her pussy.

"Mmmnnhhhhh!" She moaned as my tongue licked and prodded away at her pussy lips, finally nibbling away at her engorged clit. 

Realizing the danger in the moment, both to her and the ceiling tile grid, I jumped onto a desk and cut the rope in half. Tina hopped down, wrists still handcuffed together.

"On your knees," I ordered and she quickly complied, kneeling in front of me and gazing upward. 

I dropped my pants to the floor, offering her my hard cock. She quickly leaned forward and began licking and kissing my cock. I pulled my hips back and swung my cock from side to side, lightly hitting her on each cheek with it. 

"Suck that dick," I told her and watched amazed as she opened her mouth for me to slide it in. I grabbed the camera and took a few pictures of her with my dick at her lips, with her tongue licking it, and finally with most of the shaft deep in her mouth. 

Soon, I wanted even more. I had her stand up, and then lay back on one of the tables in my room. I had her spread her legs wide and then tied her ankles to the table legs. I took several pictures of her exposed like that. Finally, I needed to cum, and practically, we were really running a risk of getting caught.

I took the dildo and pushed it inside of her. It was amazing to watch her pussy open and take it all in. I pulled her body closer to the edge. I turned her head to the side so she could suck my dick again while I fucked her pussy with the dildo. 

She was so incredibly turned on. When I began pushing the dildo in and out rapidly and then reached over with my other hand to finger her clit, she started thrashing around, clearly on the verge of cumming. 

My own hips began thrusting back and forth as well. Pretty soon I was fucking her mouth for all practical purposes. Pure, animal sex drive had taken over. 

Suddenly, I saw and felt her entire body tense up. Tina let out a loud, guttural, "Unnnnhhhhhhhh! Unh! Unh! Mmmph!" as she came. As she did that, I came, shooting my cum into her mouth and deep down her throat. Her nostrils were flaring wildly as she tried to breathe with my hard cock filling her mouth. 

I pulled out and she sucked in a huge breath of air. "Wow!" she muttered, "that was a good one!" I had to agree. 

A few minutes later, I had her untied and we were wiping both her and the table with paper towels. Later, as she walked around the room gathering her clothes, she kept bending over, showing me her ass. Incredibly, I found myself growing hard again.

I slowly walked over to her and embraced her. We shared a long, lingering kiss. I reached behind her, grabbing her ass cheeks in my hands and lifted her up onto a desk. She spread her legs wide for me, and I stepped forward and slid into her. We held each other like that for a few minutes, just enjoying the feeling of my hard cock being inside of her. Then, I started fucking her, and fucking her hard.

Tina wrapped her legs around mine, her ankles locking just below my ass. I pounded into her with such ferocity that I'm surprised I didn't hurt her. The student desk I had placed her on began sliding backward with each thrust. 

Even though I had just had a powerful orgasm, I felt another one approaching. 

"I'm about to cum," I panted to her. "I'm going to cum inside you."

"Oh....please...do," she replied between each of my powerful thrusts. 

She started squeezing me with her inner muscles as I continued pumping in and out of her. 

"Fuck me! Oh, fuck me. Slam it baby! Do it hard!" she whispered huskily in my ear.

That was all I needed. I grabbed her hips tightly in my hands and slammed into her hard. I could feel the cum spurting, and spurting as hard as I'd ever known.

"Ohhhhhhhh," she whispered. "That was good for you, wasn't it baby?" 

"Oh, yeah it was," I replied. 

I held her for another minute, enjoying the aftershocks as her pussy milked my dick. Then, I slid out of her and collapsed onto the carpet, weakly rolling onto my back. 

I lay there, breathing heavily, my eyes half closed, but they flew wide open when I heard the whir of the camera motor. I looked up in shock at Tina holding the camera and smiling.

"I like to take pictures too," she giggled.