 Early Saturday morning, on February 15th, I joined her in the shower. We do this often enough when we think the kids won't notice. It was innocent at first, as I was just watching her and then washing her back. I spent a delightful few moments on her butt, and then I did her legs. Since I had jumped in late, she was soon clean, so it was my turn.

She began to wash my shoulders and neck, then my arms and armpits. She lathered up my chest, belly, and then my back. That was fun because she had to move up against me to wash my back, rubbing herself against me. Predictably enough, I was soon erect. Nudging her belly with it soon elicited her most thorough ministrations. She soaped up my genitals and gleefully stroked my slippery shaft with both hands.

After a little of that, she turned me around and proceeded to wash my butt. She worked her way down each leg, before she returned to my groin, and playfully ran her hands all over between my legs. I spread my legs a little, allowing her to reach all the way through and grasp my balls. Every time she stroked past my anus I jumped from the sensation, each time wondering if she was trying to penetrate me. Soon she had reached around in front and was fondling me both fore and aft. Again she took hold of my hardness and began to stroke it.

It felt so good that I pressed back against her and murmured encouragement. She soon found a rhythm that felt much like my own. As she stroked me and fondled my soapy balls, I spread my legs a little wider and placed my hands against the wall for support. In all the years we'd been together, she'd only just now gotten me in such a position - and she was doing just fine. She was jacking me off.

Her rhythmic strokes were having an intense effect on me, and I was soon near orgasm. Just before I lost control, I turned around again. She adjusted quickly, resuming her stroking caresses, shifting from a pull stroke to a push stroke. Cupping my balls, she gently tugged at them and I suddenly swelled in her hand. She watched carefully as I came, grunting. She even slowed her strokes to a milking motion that coaxed the last few random spurts from me.

We kissed and hugged a little, before she rinsed off again and left me in the shower. By the time I stepped out, she had just left the room. When I was brushed, combed, and dried, I joined her in our room. I found her with a towel around her head, spreading lotion on her legs. I embraced her and whispered that she had finally joined the club - she was now officially a wanker, just like me!

She was still giggling while she stooped to step into her panties, and I sat on the floor with my back against the bed. Stopping her before she could get them on, I pulled her to me and nuzzled my way between her legs. Grabbing her by her silky butt cheeks, I began trying to devour the pink center of her feminine flower. After a little stumble-step, she'd dropped her panties and placed a foot up on the bed. She settled down onto my mouth, and I put everything I had into giving her pleasure with my lips and tongue. Licking her clit, and then nibbling at her inner lips, soon had her whimpering and pushing her pussy against my face. My cock had returned to life, and was throbbing and leaking as I held onto her sweet ass tightly and she rode to orgasm, cumming in my mouth.

Before she could calm down completely, I slipped out from under her and guided her onto her knees on the edge of the bed. She laid her head down and offered her raised ass to me. Not wasting more than a second or two relishing this erotic sight, I quickly moved forward and slipped into her body. She began moaning as I pushed more deeply into her wetness. I held onto her hips for leverage as I began to see-saw against her upturned bottom.

Because it was broad daylight, I was able to enjoy the ribald vision of my dick moving in and out, noting the way her inner lips were exposed on my outward strokes, and then pushed back into her along with my hard cock. I varied the speed, depth and angle of my fucking, but only for a few minutes. Because soon, I had given up all hope of making this encounter last, and I was simply thrusting as vigorously as possible. Our flesh slapped together as we fucked, and wet sounds accompanied our passion. When my balls tightened and my cock swelled a little more I started really slamming into her. She was mewling and clutching the sheets as I fucked her even harder, and suddenly we were both there... Stars exploded behind my eyelids as we came together. Her inner muscles were spasming, milking me as I held myself against her. My cum spurted into her depths as she shook her ass in my grasp.

As wonderful as it is to share pleasure like that, it's even better to bask in the sensations that come after. Unfortunately, we couldn't - we had lots of things to do that day, and our kids were running wild around the house. So, with little fanfare we wiped ourselves up and dressed for the day.

Our day was spent taking care of things we can only handle on weekends. We did the grocery shopping, and she even picked up a couple bottles of her favorite wine. Of all the things we did that day, and out of all the groceries and stuff we brought home, that pair of wine bottles stuck in my head.

That night we watched a thoroughly forgettable movie, after which I went off to check my email. She opened a bottle of wine and indulged herself by watching her favorite TV Show - Trading Spaces. I don't know what she sees in it, but I don't mind, as long as I'm not forced to watch.

From time to time I heard her refresh her glass, but I didn't pay much attention until I realized that she had just opened her second bottle. I pondered that a while, knowing that she'd probably get pretty loose by bedtime.

Once the kids had been safely asleep for a time, I joined her back in the living room. I brought along a DVD she hadn't seen yet - a "special" DVD!

She was very curious, and I was very mysterious. Once I had the disk queued, I had her sit on the footstool in front of me, while I sat on the edge of the couch. I snuggled up against her back with my legs on either side of her, and pressed play.

It was soon obvious that the DVD contained a lot of brief sex scenes, about five minutes long. We watched a couple making love - both orally and in the missionary position. I hugged her close, and began to fondle her gently as the action heated up. We were very comfortable by the time that scene ended.  
The next scene was of three lovely nude girls riding Sybian machines, with two other cuties there to run the controls for them. She was fascinated, as I'd often told her how I'd like to get one for her. As the girls settled in for the duration, I unzipped her jeans and worked a hand down into her lap.

I found her pussy wet and already open, as the girls on screen were worked into feverish states. I stroked her little button and nibbled and sucked at her neck and her ears as she watched the girls masturbating with the machines. The scene ended, so I stopped jilling her while I clicked around, searching for some other interesting scenes. When I found a girl demonstrating various sex toys, I started it up and resumed my pussy play.

One hand went up her shirt, as the other wiggled around in her panties. Soon I had a nipple, and was tugging it while I frigged her clit. She was squirming and sighing, while we watched the girl onscreen work a fat jellee dildo in and out of herself. When the scene changed to a closeup of the girl's stretched pussy lips, my wife exploded in my arms. Rocking and shaking, she came for almost a minute. And when I finally slipped my fingers out of her panties, I snuck a taste of her warm honey. Hmmm!

After she had recovered and sipped a bit more wine, she went off to shower. I took the opportunity to print an erotic story I'd seen online here at Literotica.com - a story about two men and a women. I thought that she'd like it, so I placed it on her pillow and then brought her refilled wine glass in too.

When she finally came to bed, I left her with the wine and the story, while I hustled off to the shower. I knew the story would excite her, and I hoped she might start without me, but on the other hand, I didn't want to miss anything - a true conundrum. I really love to see her pleasure herself, but observation affects that which is observed, right?

Soon, I was squeaky clean and rushed to join her. She was still reading, propped against her pillows. Her knees were raised to support the paper, offering a glimpse of her butt. Her eyes were shiny, and her cheeks were rosy, but it was clear that she hadn't been playing with herself. Her knees moved in very tiny motions, back and forth. As she read, she'd take a sip of the wine, and then pause to glance at me. I simply stood by the side of the bed for the moment, just waiting for her critique.

Finally, with a sigh, she finished the erotic story and tossed it aside. We stared at each other for a moment, before I untied my robe. Then I helped her out of her robe and guided her into the center of the bed. Nothing was said, as I lifted her hands over her head, tying them to the headboard with her sash. With a flourish, I draped a little cloth over her eyes and climbed onto the bed.

She was curious about why I had covered her eyes, so I told her that it would make the surprise better. I could tell by the set of her lips that she was a bit concerned. I knew that she wouldn't put it past me to have some guy waiting in the wings, for a genuinely new experience. I also knew that she would never suggest such a thing, and that she probably wouldn't willingly participate, but she didn't protest. That startled me a little, but I didn't stop for a second.

To sooth her mind I started caressing her face, and then her throat. Reaching behind me, I grabbed her favorite dildo, and moved my penis over her mouth. I nudged her with the swollen tip, teasing her and causing her to try to catch it with her lips. Then I began to talk about the story she had just read, suggesting that she imagine what it must have felt like when the one guy did such and such, or the other guy did this or that. Soon I let her sample my seminal secretions, and then let her taste me fully. She was enjoying herself, ravishing my cock with licks and sucks.

Continuing my story telling, I began to gently rub the head of the fake cock around her loins - simulating (I hoped) the sensations of a lover poised above her. I reasoned that with the one cock in her mouth, the feel of another near her sex would drive her a little wild.

And I was right. She arched her hips and spread her thighs, enticing me and luring me into her honeypot. Gradually, I moved the rubber shaft between her swelling lips, while I lightly fucked her hot mouth. She moaned her approval as I began to slide the life-like thing up and down her slit. Soon I began to insert the imaginary lover, all the while continuing my erotic narrative.

Even though she could have easily removed her wrists from the sash, she didn't. A simple determined shake of her head would have uncovered her eyes, but she didn't. She was caught up in this little fantasy escape, and I was very happy with how it was turning out.

Soon I was fully fucking her, at both ends, and saying things like, "Oh, baby! You're so hot for us!", and "How does it feel, sweetie? Do you like being filled by both of us?" All of this was having the desired effect on her, as her breath came faster, and her hips churned against the dildo. I stroked it decisively, keeping a good rhythm, while I rocked my pelvis against her face.

Turning it up a notch, I pulled my cock away from her lips, and bent down to french kiss her. As our lips and tongues met sloppily, I suggested that her other lover was going to really give it to her now. And, to prove my point, I picked up the speed of my strokes in her cunt, going ever deeper. She was rapidly losing her concentration, and our kissing ended as she reveled in the sensations of the turgid toy plowing into her vagina.

And then, she was cumming. I showered her with kisses and encouragement as she humped against the latex toy. She yelped when I bit and sucked her neck, and I was saying "Oh, yes! Cum for us, baby! Cum for him!"

I left her stuffed while she calmed. I gave her more kisses, while I reached for an Altoid. Moving between her legs, I told her how hot it was to see her get fucked like that, and then I popped the mint and began to lick her clit.

It seems unlikely, but we'd never done that before - the Altoid thing, that is. And it was spectacular! When she first felt the new sensation she jumped and squealed and said it was hot. She said her pussy was burning. I lavished her slick tissues, coating her with the mixture of peppermint saliva, as I ate her pussy with great enthusiasm.

Slipping the dildo out, I asked her if it was OK if I ate her after she'd been fucked. I could tell she was hesitant, as she never likes me to do that. But she was so worked up that she didn't resist as I proceeded to just do it. Soon I had her entire sex slimy and tingly, and I jabbed deep into her with my tongue. I alternated licking at her clit, with sucking her inner lips, and stuffing my lingual member into her open passage.

Predictably, she soon came again - harder than before - bucking into my face, and mewling passionately. After a couple of mean spirited after-licks, just to keep her jumping, I let her relax a little. She was very excited, and asked me what I had done to her.

As an answer, I slid from between her legs, and moved up to take her nipples into my mouth, one at a time. I sucked and licked them until they tingled too. She asked again, what was in my mouth. In answer, I moved up a little more and kissed her, letting her taste my lips and tongue. As soon as she had that little taste she wanted more, so I slipped the Altoid into her mouth with my tongue. We played with it - back and forth - until it was mostly dissolved.

Now she wanted a turn. And she wanted an Altoid too. I gave her one as I raised back up on my knees over her, and she quickly threw off the fake bindings and moved down to snuggle up to me, on her side and against my legs. Greedily, she slurped me with her lips and started giving me raucous head. And now I felt the burning too!

It was awesome - hot and cold at the same time. She sucked at my glans, and swirled her tongue around it. She nibbled at the sensitive ganglia, and then forced me deep into her face. She groped my ass, and tugged at my balls as if it were a race to make me cum.

She was curled up against my thigh, as I knelt there enjoying the spicy blow job. Knowing that she was super hot again, I retrieved the dildo and began to fuck her with it again, from behind. This had the effect of causing her to moan on my cock as she sucked me. This time it really was a race - if I didn't make her cum soon, she was going to get a mouthful of my juice. Not that either of us cared at that moment, but I knew she wanted to be fucked with the real thing soon, and I didn't want to short change her.

She was going wild there, as I fucked her and she sucked me. In only moments, she was shaking and squealing again, as I drove the dildo in and out of her hot box. Just when I thought I was going to lose it, she did. With a cry, she released my cock and flopped onto her back. She was gasping for air, and pushing my hand away from the toy within her. Her hips twitched and her breasts jiggled as she caught her breath. All she could say was, "Oh God!"

It soon seemed almost as if she was falling asleep, so I withdrew the sticky rubber toy. I gave it a lick, and decided that it tasted delightful, covered with her juices. So I took advantage, and moved down to face her pussy once again.

At first she didn't react as I took a couple of tentative licks. Then she protested, but very mildly. And then I was slurping at her wonderful pussy with all my skill and passion, and she gave in to the pleasure. I just wanted her to enjoy it, but I was also getting more and more excited at the thought of fucking her soon. I ground my erection against the bed, smearing my precum into a growing wet spot, as I tongue lashed her cunt. And I was rewarded when she came for me, nearly gushing her cream. She had arched up and grasped my head, pulling me deeper into her sex, and grinding against my greedy mouth. She came hard that time, too, and I kept lapping up her juices until her thrashing subsided.

Before she got over her orgasm, I jumped on top of her and cocked my hips - impaling her with my hard organ in a single easy thrust. We kissed once, as I built up a rocking motion, but then we just held each other tight while I fucked her as hard as I could. Her lips were near my ear, and the sound of her breathing and moaning aroused me even more. Picking up the pace, I humped against her upturned twat - slamming us together. I started sucking and biting at her neck as we joined in the ultimate intimacy. Her arms and legs wrapped around me, and my hands cupped her butt to gain leverage for the final dozen lunges. Impaling her with my throbbing cock, I left love bites on her as we churned in sexual abandon. And then it was time...

My dick swelled impossibly, as her inner tissues churned around me. I couldn't see it, but I visualized her mouth open in a delirious "Oh!" shape, as our climax crashed over us. Pushing my cock head against the bottom of her womb, I pulsed jets of hot semen into her. We were welded tightly, as we came together. I shivered as the sensations overwhelmed me, and then I showered her neck and ear with kisses. We sleepily murmured endearments as we basked in the afterglow. This had been a very special encounter.


As good as it had been, it couldn't keep us awake, and she was soon fast asleep. I don't know about her, but my dreams that night were very erotic - fired by the events of the past couple of hours. But, in my dreams we were able to go at it all night long...

So it wasn't surprising that I woke up the next morning just as horny as ever. I didn't say anything, and I didn't ask her if she was too. We just began a typical Sunday morning at home.

But after breakfast, coffee and the newspaper, we quietly snuck into our room again. I couldn't have cared less what the kids were up to, and she must have felt the same way.

We were suddenly wrapped in a heated embrace, standing just inside of the bedroom door, wildly groping each other through our jammies. With little foreplay, I turned her and peeled off her panties. My cock protruded through the fly of my boxers, and nestled against her bare ass. I reached around and probed between her legs, finding her pussy lips fully distended, and soaking.

Clearly, neither of us were expecting romance - it was pure lust. Her remaining clothes flew away, as if by magic. At first I frigged her slippery button and tweaked her nipples, but then I soon gave up on her tits and used both hands to do her. Huskily, I told her to pull her nipples, while I finger fucked her and frigged her at the same time. She began to pleasure her breasts, squeezing them and pulling them, as I smeared my cock juices between her butt cheeks.

In mere moments she began to squat and push back against me. She was mashing her tits and grunting as I ravaged her pussy. She began to jerk, and she came hard - right there in our passionate embrace. I kept frigging her until she finally spun around and pressed herself against me to escape my fingers. I held her as she shook in my arms, kissing her to calm and sooth her.

I had kept my hardness pressed against her, and eventually she became aware of it and reached between us to grasp it. It was hot to the touch, and very very hard. I was on fire with the need to cum. She bent and took my nipple between her lips, sucking as she pulled my meat. I took hold of it too, freeing her hands to roam around my butt and between my legs. As I wanked it, she teased my sensitive loins in a million different ways, until she suddenly released my nipples and sank to her knees before me.
