 Tina, a fellow teacher, and I were apparently having a totally sexual relationship. There wasn't any talk of getting serious, and for all I knew, she could have been making it with half of the male staff at school. We had wild sex after school in my classroom and some wild conversations at home on instant messenger. 

One night after a really horny conversation, I decided to do a little online shopping for my little playmate. I found an online sex toy shop and ordered Tina some special toys. 

Tina was sexually self-confident. She knew what she wanted and needed and didn't mind asking for it, but she also liked to play a little submissive at times. Of course I took full advantage of the situation. 

One Thursday evening while chatting on instant messenger I told her I had a special request. 

"Ohhhhhh" she replied, "that sounds really naughty. What are you going to have me do?" 

"I want you to wear panties to school tomorrow." I typed. 

"Now why would I want to do that?" she questioned. "You know I don't like to wear anything underneath my skirts." 

"Just do what I say," I responded, "and come see me before school for a special present." 

She said she would do whatever I wanted, but that she'd rather have less clothes on when around me. 

The next morning, Tina came into my room. I had a student making up a test, so she pulled up a chair and got onto my computer and pretended to show me something important. When the student finally left, Tina stood up and lifted her skirt to show me a pair of black thong panties. They barely covered her up, but all I needed was something solid over her pussy. 

I handed her a small jewelry-type box. She looked at me with questions in her eyes, but she took the box. 

She opened the lid, saw what was inside, and smiled deviously at me. 

I had given her a small, egg shaped vibrator. It was cordless. She picked it up and held it in her hand. 

"What would you have me do with this?" she asked with a smile. I looked over at her with a serious look on my face and said, "I want you to stick it in your pussy, of course. You'd also better do it pretty quick, because I have a class coming in here soon." 

She sat back on the top of a desk and bunched her skirt up around her waist. As I watched, she pulled the crotch of the panties to the side, exposing her sweet pussy. I guess the anticipation of the unknown had her excited, because I could see that she was already a little wet. 

She held the egg in her fingers and offered it to me. I gave it a little kiss. Then, she took the egg and with deep concentration, slipped it into her pussy. It was amazing seeing it just disappear inside of her. She pulled her panties back into place and stood up. 

"So, I'm supposed to keep this inside me all day to keep me hot and horny?" she asked me. 

"That's the plan." I told her. 

She smiled sweetly and innocent at me and said, "Well, my lover, this shall be an interesting day then." 

She made her way to the door, and turned and said, "How am I supposed to let you know if I like this inside me or not?" I smiled wickedly at her and said, "Oh, don't worry. I'll know." 

She gave me another curious smile and stepped out the door. I was about 4 feet behind her following her out of class. I stood in the door as my students began to come inside. I reached into my pocket and found the wireless remote control for the egg. Tina was outside and had stopped a few feet away talking to another teacher when I turned the remote on and gave her a quick buzz. 

You could see her reaction in her whole body. It was like a tremble went through her entire torso. She quickly coughed loudly to cover her reaction. 

"Oh! Excuse me," she said to the other teacher. 

I walked up to them and said, "What's going on, ladies? You guys having a good day so far." 

Our colleague responded fine, but as Tina began to answer, I gave the remote another quick buzz. Again, she broke into a fit of coughing. 

Tina was a quick wit though; she summed it up with, "I guess I've got something tickling me in there." Of course, the other teacher thought she was talking about her throat, but I knew better. I went back to my class and began the day of instruction. 

On my conference period, I knew Tina had a class. I waited right outside the door and when she was taking her attendance, I pushed the buttons on the remote. 

You could hear her voice break as she was calling their names. I hit it two times quickly and then let her alone. 

I came back toward the end of the class period. Tina had the lights out and the class was watching a movie. She was sitting in the open doorway grading papers while the class watched the video. Once you've seen a video about 75 times, you learn to multi-task. The doors in the main building open into the hallway. Tina's door was opened almost all of the way. I walked by her door without greeting her. As I passed her, I quickly went to stand behind the door, leaning casually up against the wall. 

It was with a delight that I pushed the buttons on the remote in my pocket. This time, I didn't stop after a quick buzz. I kept the vibrator going, alternating the speed and intensity. The TV was loud enough to cover the slight noise the egg made. I gave her a good 3 minutes of it. 

Suddenly I heard a small crashing noise. She had dropped all of the test papers that had been in her lap. They spilled into the hallway. 

As she crawled across the floor gathering them up, she looked up at me standing behind the door. She stood up and took a step toward me and whispered, "I just came twice with the whole class sitting there. You owe me a good fucking, you bastard." 

I smiled at her, gave her another quick buzz causing her to jump, and slyly walked away. 

She stormed into my room later that afternoon. She walked around my desk, dropped to her knees and started pulling my cock from my pants. 

"Turn it on....do it now!" she ordered as she took my hard cock into her smooth hands. She gave me a few jerks and then, as I turned on the remote egg, she slid my cock into her mouth. 

It seemed like seconds before she began moaning around my cock. Her body shook with a powerful orgasm as she sucked me like she was starving. 

She took her mouth from my cock and looked up at me and said, "You've made me cum 3 times today. It's your turn." 

She stood up and bent over the desk, pulling her panties aside. She squeezed her pussy until the egg popped out and I stepped up behind her and slipped my cock inside. I pumped her good and hard. She was so hot and wet and slippery! 

I reached around under her chest and grabbed her breasts as I slammed my cock into her. "Ahhhhh" I moaned as I felt my balls tightening up. 

"Do it!" she groaned, "fucking fuck me hard. Slam it into me!" 

Dirty talk from a woman at the right time always does it for me. I started cumming inside of her. I shot hot spurt after spurt deep into her pussy. She milked my cock with her pussy until I could no longer take it. I finally slid out of her with a soft pop. 

She turned around, grabbed the egg from the floor and pushed it up against her clit. "Make me cum again, hurry!" she begged. 

I took the remote and turned it to full max power. 

"Unnnnnnnhhhhhhh," she moaned, building to a crescendo until she came hard. "Ohhhh....yeah! Yes! Yes! Mmmmnnnnn!" She groaned out as her body rocked with the power of her orgasm. She finally jerked the egg away from her clit. 

We both collapsed weakly on the floor. I still had my cock sticking out of my pants and she was laying there with her pussy exposed. 

We both lazily looked over at each other. 

"So how was your day?" I asked her. 

"Call me later, I'll tell you all about it, " she said with a smirk.