 ...we headed west again thru rolling hills on the route of old highway 66. We encountered more and more bikes as we got closer to the site of the rally. Soon enough we passed the last small town and turned south on highway 18, about 20 minutes later we were at the front gate. We headed right in since I'd gotten our passes earlier.

I pulled the Harley onto the trail leading up the hill into the trees east of the gate and stopped next to my tent, near several other buddies. Mandy hopped off, and threw her arms around me.

"WOW, I can't believe there's this many people and bikes. Where's our camp, I want to see everything!" Mandy seemed thrilled to be there.

"We've got time to see and do everything, let's get stuff off the bike and I'll give you the tour."

We tossed off the last couple bags, put an extra case of beer in the cooler and got back on the bike. 

"What would you like to see first? The loop thru the whole place takes a while."

"You pick, I want to look at the sites. Where's the swimming pond, I may need to cool off soon."

I headed down toward the stage; pointing out anything that I thought might be of interest to Mandy, or anything she might not have had a chance to see. There were plenty of both. The campgrounds were a little empty and we soon saw why. A large crowd was near the stage watching the after noon session of a wet t-shirt contest. The three remaining contestants, none of whom had the goods to beat Mandy, were down to the "skin to win" part of competition.

"I think I want to do that, do you think I'd win?" Mandy whispered in my ear.

I laughed, "They wouldn't stand a chance if you were up there!"

She squeezed me tightly against her large breasts and laughed with me. We hadn't gone another 50 yards when Mandy noticed that most of the women were wearing multiple strings of mardi-gras beads.

"Did those girls get those beads the way I think they did"

"Yep, gotta show the boobies to get the beads!"

As soon as I said that I saw an old buddy in the crowd, as he glanced my way, and noticed Mandy on back, he stepped our direction and held out a set of beads to her. She chuckled and leaned back, I felt her arms go up obviously lifting her shirt and giving Jeff a show.

"Hot dam, Wayne she's got a nice pair, be sure and find us later we've got a bunch of stuff ready to grill." 

With that statement he tossed the beads to Mandy and she laughed again.

We continued our tour of the on going party that most rallies are if held on private grounds. The next time we turned a corner Mandy was greeted with cheers and guys calling for her to 'show us your tits, we've got beads'. Up came the shirt, for her first time at a rally she was really getting into it the attention and I knew she had an exhibionist streak that was being satisfied. By the time we got to the street sign that proclaimed this side road to be 'Perverts Row' Mandy had plenty of beads and had offered me some in order to get other ladies there to expose their tits to me, of course I accepted!

"What's so different about Perverts row? Except for all the big campers and stuff?" she asked.

"Well it's even a little more relaxed than everywhere else. If we stop it's a real good bet somebody's going to want to check out your boobs, with a hands-on exam!"

"Cool, so you decide where to stop, if it gets too weird I'll let you know."

We rolled slowly along, there are some sights to be seen and some you wish you'd missed. One couple was openly masturbating each other very slowly; apparently it was a game they enjoyed. We saw her drizzle some lotion on his dick before jacking it at an amazing pace then stopping and totally letting it bob free, when it started to spurt she quickly caught most of his load in a cup which we watched her fill with beer before offering it to her neighbor.

"Damn, that looked like fun; maybe I should try doing something like that to you soon?" Mandy reached around and gave my semi-hard cock a squeeze.

We had rolled to a stop while watching the show and I noticed a lot of appreciative looks at the impressive pair of tits my riding companion had. One of the other bystander offered her a beer for a quick look, her reply showed how easily she had come to adjust.

"These are easily worth two beers, we're both thirsty!"

Now that's the kind of lady to take to a bike rally. We soon both had a cold beer in hand and kept going on our tour. A little farther down the row was a group of guys with large water guns waiting to ambush the unwary with stream of ice water on the tits. Mandy let out a hoot when the cold jet of water met her nipple, and a shiver shook her. I recognized a few friends near by, one who seemed unable to take her eyes off Mandy and her hot body.

Rita was a friend, riding buddy and occasional fuck buddy who I hadn't seen for several months. She had an open attitude about sex, and by her own description was a 'free agent' who played with whatever team made her the best offer. She wasn't my first choice appearance wise, being what I considered way to small, about 5'4 and less than 120lb. Her pierced nipples had fascinated me and led to out first time together, after that it was strictly a convenience thing, if everyone around us was sucking face or more and we were left out we'd just shrug at each other and go for it. She liked girls more than men, her taste in women was nearly identical to mine, and Mandy was a near perfect match to what we both looked for.

"So, Wayne, how's the last dick I had doing?" was her greeting.

"Same old same old, honey, how you been doing?"

"Ha, mainly without, hoping to change that tonight! Who's you fine round friend?"

"Rita meet Mandy, from Canada, and Mandy this is Rita, she's from all over!"

Mandy extended a hand but Rita wanted to get her hands on Mandy and pulled her as close as possible for a long hug, running her hands across her hips and the sides of her breasts before letting go. Mandy sat back, looking a bit surprised at being openly fondled by another woman, and a little flushed as well. 

"You ride in by yourself or with the Kowgirls?"

"Rode in with a couple of them but I think I need something different tonight. You camped up on the hill where you usually go?"

"Same as it ever was, honey, come by later we'll share some beers and tell lies!"

We headed back down the hill, passing the local landmark know as naked dude, and as I parked the bike Mandy said.

"When you told me someone was likely going to check out my titties I didn't expect it to be another woman! I liked Rita's hands on me, was she just playing or will she do it some more?"

"I'm sure she'll do it some more and a lot more if you want her to. She and I like the same kind of woman; tall, round, and big boobs. Just like you!"

"Yummm, I'll need to think about that. Why don't we head for the showers, I may need your help with a few things."

We walked hand in hand to the showers and were lucky to find one empty when we got there. The cool stream of water felt good after the heat of the day, we switched places and I lathered up while Mandy rinsed the dust off and washed her brown curly hair. We traded places again and as I rinsed of I was rewarded a pair of 46 dd's rubbing the soap off my chest. I lathered up both hands and ran them over all of Mandy's soft curves, spending extra time on her belly and the hot wet spot below it. She squirmed and turned away to face the shower as she ground her butt against my soap slippery cock. I rocked back and forth between her cheeks for a few moments enjoying the slippery feel of her lather covered ass.

"Damn, you've got me ready to go again, woman, what are we going to do about it?"

"Well there wasn't a line outside...why not get taken care of right here?"

"Sounds good, and what would the lady like?"

"Something we haven't done, yet, and something I hope you like. Soap up that bike and my bum and see if you can slip it in while I'm standing here?"

What an offer. I added some soap to my left hand and stroked it along the shaft, using my other hand I filled Mandy's ass cleavage with suds and slowly slipped a finger into her eager ass. Once I was sure we were both ready a pushed her a bit forward to ease the angle and slid home with a slow push. We both moaned with pleasure, and relaxed together. I began a slow pace holding her hips and trying to control the orgasm I could sense was on the way. Mandy would have little of that, she pushed hard back into me with every thrust and squeezed my shaft if I seemed about to slip out. I could feel her hand against my balls working franticly on her pussy to speed another one for her, too. 

"Cum in my ass, Wayne, cum with me I'm almost there. Owwwwwwwwwww yessssssssssss!"

Mandy shuddered as her orgasm hit her, nearly falling but I held her firmly by the hips and buried my cock for one more thrust to join her. Filling her with my cum. We both collapsed onto the bench under the water and sighed. 

"Damn, now I need another shower!"

We more quickly rinsed off again and left the shower, only then finding that the curtain across the door was pulled back away from one side. There was a line when we left but the smiles on the faces outside made me sure our actions had been watched and enjoyed by several of our fellow rally goers. We headed back to the tent, not knowing we were far from done...