 No one in this story, who is under the age of eighteen, engages in any sexual active.

*****

Introduction

Shannon was a new young teacher with no seniority. She was forced to accept a troubled young boy into her class. Her fiancé was away on military deployment and she hadn't had sex for almost a year. Jimmy had been watching his Daddy's porn sites for years and was more sexually advanced than other teenagers his own age. All went well until a weak moment and Shannon's inexperience allowed it to become a sexual encounter between the two of them.

Jimmy was always a hyperactive child. Even in his mother's womb. She went through many months of his kicking and fighting to get out. Especially after his birth he demanded a lot of attention. The only way anyone could get any sleep was for his mother to hold him close and put one of her breast in his mouth. The older he got the more he seem to demand attention.

When Jimmy started to school all the teachers complained about him disrupting the class and making a general nuisance of himself. He was a brilliant child, with a photographic memory and made good grades, but the effort it took to teach him was very emotionally draining on his teachers. Some teachers held him back a grade or two even though he could pass all the exams. They took points off his final grade for his lack of deportment. Jimmy was already 18 years old when he was ready to move on to the tenth grade. No veteran teacher wanted him in her class. He would be the oldest kid in the class and they didn't want him influencing the younger students in their class with his antics. They had all read the summaries from his past teachers and used their seniority to reject him.

Shannon Hildebrand was a new young teacher with no seniority. She was 25 years old and had just received her teaching certificate. Most veteran teachers predicted she wouldn't last long because of her youth and beauty. Shannon was 5' 2" maybe 110 pounds with shoulder length curly blonde hair. She had an exquisite figure that was envied by the older female teachers and desired by all the male teachers. She was anxious to prove herself a capable teacher.

Shannon saw Jimmy as a challenge and a perfect way to demonstrate her teaching skills. She introduced herself that first day by asking the class to call her either, Miss Shannon, or Miss 'H' because Miss Hildebrand was a real mouthful. Most settled on the name, "Miss Shannon".

After a week of Jimmy's classroom antics, she was starting to get frustrated with him. Jimmy couldn't stay at his desk and even more troubling, he couldn't keep his hands off the girls in his class. He was always stroking their hair, squeezing their butts, or trying to unsnap their bra straps. He even fondled one girl's breast and pinched her nipple. That's when Shannon decided to place a chair beside her desk and make him sit next to her. When he misbehaved she would poke him in the ribs and demand he straighten up or be punished. It seem to work really well until she realized that he enjoyed the special attention and would act up each day just so he could sit next to her.

One day while Shannon was eating lunch in the school cafeteria when she saw an older girl in line for lunch turn and slap Jimmy's face. The girl was a senior in high school and was Jimmy's age. She went to the girl and asks why she had slapped him. The girl whispered in Miss 'H's ear that Jimmy had slipped his hand under her dress and tried to stick his finger into her vagina. Shannon pulled Jimmy out of line and said that she should take him immediately to the principal's office, but that would only result in his expulsion from school. It could also lead to criminal assault charges because Jimmy was considered an adult at age eighteen. Instead she ordered him to stay after school for counseling.

What Shannon and the other teachers didn't know about Jimmy was that he had received very little supervision at home. His Dad worked all the time and his Mother had given up years ago trying make him behave. At a very young age Jimmy had found porn sites book-marked on his Dad's computer and when he wasn't at school, he spent his leisure time surfing those porn sites. With so little guidance from his parents, he had come to honestly think that all adults interacted with each other like they did on the porn sites. He viewed their actions as normal acceptable behavior.

Jimmy was puzzled when the young girl slapped him. It never happened that way in the stories he had read on his Dad's porn site. All the women in those stories liked it when a man put his finger in their pussy. They liked it when their breasts were fondled and their nipples were pinched or sucked. They particularly liked it when a man licked their pussy and sucked their clit into their mouth. He truly thought his actions had been normal and totally appropriate. All he really wanted to do was please the young girls and be friends with them.

When the final bell rang, the entire class, except Jimmy, filed out. Shannon made Jimmy sit in a student desk at the rear of the classroom. He was told to write 500 times, "I MUST LEARN TO NOT TOUCH ANYONE ELSE'S BODY WITHOUT THEIR PERMISSION." Shannon positioned another student desk approximately five feet away. She turned the two desks facing each other and sits in it so she could keep an eye on Jimmy while she finished grading papers.

Shannon was wearing a white silk blouse that clung to her 34B breast and a tight fitting black skirt that hit just above her knees. It was a completely suitable dress for the classroom. Most of the other young teachers wore similar outfits. Shannon never felt uncomfortable dressing like that until now. Her normal teacher's desk didn't expose her to the class from the waist down, but the smaller student desk caused her skirt to shift up and expose more of her thighs than she wanted. She noticed that Jimmy would occasionally look up and stare at her breast and thighs when he thought she was not watching him. At first it made her angry and she thought about admonishing him, but then she thought it was just his young teenage hormones governing his behavior. She decided to let it ride for the moment.

Jimmy continued to steal a glance when he got the chance. Shannon later noticed he had gotten an erection and was trying to adjust it without her seeing it. She could feel herself getting wet. She could also feel heat coming from her neck and face as she turned a crimson red. She hadn't blushed like that in many years and couldn't believe it was caused by an 18 year old boy. She was mad at herself for letting it affect her in that manner.

This presented a whole new problem that she had no idea how to approach. She mulled over in her mind the best way to handle it without creating a bigger problem for them both. If she made an issue out of his erection, it could generate a lot of harsh questions that she would be uncomfortable in answering. For example: Why were they in a classroom alone? Why didn't she hold their detention session in the study hall? Why was she noticing his erection? What might have caused his erection? Could she have unknowingly done something to cause his erection? Without having the answers to these questions it could ruin her teaching career before it even began.

If she mentioned he was looking up her dress, she would need some proof. She would also have to explain why she put herself in a position that allowed him to see up her dress. She had to give it a lot of thought and be prepared to present a good case to the school board before making any accusations. She decided to test her suspicions and watch his reaction before pushing the issue. She was wearing flat heel shoes and lifted each leg separately to remove a shoe, and as she suspected each time Jimmy looked up her dress. She was sure he could see her lacey white panties from his reaction. His cock swelled immediately and he had to adjust himself each time. At that point, he didn't seem to care if she saw him or not. Just to make sure she shifted in her desk, lifting her leg once again giving him one last view of her panties.

Jimmy not only readjusted himself, but started rubbing his cock through his pant while staring at her crotch. That overt act of rubbing his cock and his blatant disrespect of her as a teacher and a woman was more than she could take. It drove her over the edge.

Shannon lost it and screamed, "Jimmy are you looking up my dress?"

"Yes Miss 'H' I am."

Shannon was shocked beyond belief by his straight forward honesty. She had expected him to at least deny it, but he acted like it was normal for him to look up her dress; like she expected him to do so. She knew she had no other choice but to haul his young ass straight to the principal's office, but the tingling in her pussy was telling her not to do that. She could feel her pussy getting even wetter. Her fiancé was away on military deployment and she hadn't had sex for almost a year. This attention from the young teenage boy was forcing all her latent sexual desires to come pouring out all at once. She tried to demonstrate her non-approval for his actions.

"Jimmy, what the hell are you thinking?" She blared out.

"I am thinking how nice it would be to eat your pussy, Miss 'H'. Jimmy said indifferently in his usual matter of fact voice.

"Oh my God, where did you learn such a thing?"

Jimmy can't understand why she is becoming so irritated with him. As far as he knows, he has done nothing wrong or out of the ordinary.

"I learned it from watching some of the porn sites on my Dad's computer, and I always thought it would be fun to try it sometimes. The men and women both seem to enjoy it very much."

Shannon was squirming in her seat and the heat was not only coming from her neck and face; it was now coming from all over her body. Her panties were thoroughly soaked and she can't seem to catch her breath. Jimmy got out of his desk and came to kneel at her side. He asked Miss 'H' if she would like for him to lick her pussy. She told him absolutely not. She was almost hyperventilating. She couldn't seem to catch her breath. She told Jimmy there was no way she could possibly allow him to do that, but she unconsciously turned sideways in the desk to allow him greater access to her vagina. She felt like she was in a heavy fog. Her mind wasn't functioning as it should. Shannon's suppressed desires had taken control of her body and she was responding to her underlying lust.

Jimmy nervously pushed her skirt up and slipped her panties off, doing what he'd seen on his Dad's porn site countless times. Without realizing it, Shannon raises her butt so he could slip her panties off. He stuffs her panties in his pocket and slowly leaned into her crotch and fitted his mouth over her labia and reached out with his tongue to explore her wetness. Shannon's groin instantly twitched and responded to his tongue. He was pleased with her initial reaction and tried it again, this time running his nose along the length of her private entrance. He had learned from the porn site that using the nose to stroke her vagina will soften the first impact on the clit. She closed her eyes and shuddered again. The taste of his teacher on his tongue encouraged him to continue his exploration. Unleashing his tongue, Jimmy let it wander over the woman's sensitive flaps before plunging it inside her body.

"Oooh...ohhh..." Shannon breathed deeply, involuntarily resting a hand on his head. Her signals were mixed and indicated she had a battle going on in her mind and body. She held his face to her vagina tenderly, stroking his scalp to urge him onwards, but at the same time emphasizing how wrong it was. "Ohhh...Jimmy...! This is not right. Mmmm...mm...! Mmmm...! We should not...Oh my God, yes please eat your teacher, yes, yes, Jimmy darling...oh, eat me... Oh...eat me...Oh, yes god please eat my pussy!"

Shannon was shaking uncontrollably from her orgasm. Jimmy plowed on, spreading her tender vaginal lips apart using two fingers. He soothingly massaged his tongue over every inch of her supple skin he could find there. Shannon began breathing harder and harder. Jimmy savored his teacher's flavor as he dove more and more deeply into her wet cavity with his tongue.

With each pass his tongue made on and inside her feminine entrance and every moan he heard her make, Jimmy could feel his own cock getting harder and harder again. The passion with which she enjoyed his intimate treatment to her body was reflected back to Jimmy, driving him to crave his own fulfillment again.

Shannon was panting shallowly through her clenched teeth now. "Oh, Jimmy...! Oh...that feels so fucking good...!" she praised him. "Please go for my clit, Jimmy... Mmmm...Oh, please find my clit and go for it, Jimmy...!"

With his Teacher writhing in front of him as he pleasured her, he decided his own pleasure could wait for now. The porn site said this was about her pleasure for right now. This intense emotional bond was for her sexual pleasure. He kept on, licking and driving his Teacher mad with stimulation and pleasure, and searched for the spot she desperately yearned for him to find.

Moving slightly up her wet and tender slit, Jimmy searched with his tongue inside her feminine folds, and then, he found it. The stiff little crucial point peeked out of its hood just enough for him to close his lips around it. Once inside his mouth he could feel the bud poking through his lips, and he attacked it first with his nose and then his tongue. Back and forth he flicked, round and round he spun his tongue, driving his young teacher wild.

"That's it, Jimmy...ohhh! Oooh god...right there...right there!" she groaned, her passion burning anew. "That's it...! Ohhh my God...that's it...! Eat your lecherous teacher's pussy Jimmy...! Mmmm...!" She grabbed his head with both her hands, holding him tightly against her burning wet pussy. "So good...! Feels...so fucking good...!"

Jimmy didn't let up. Underneath his sensual efforts, his teacher shook and trembled. Her muscles started to tense uncontrollably. Jimmy knew it wouldn't be long. He had seen this many times on his Dad's porn site. She was on the brink of her first major orgasm. He was right where he needed to be, right where the porn site said he should be. He began massaging just the right places with his tongue - eating out his Teacher with all the lust he had for her.

"Jimmy...! Mmmgh...that's it, Sweetheart...! Right...THERE...!" she wailed quietly into the empty classroom. "Oh, Jimmy...! Oh, my sweet darling Jimmy...! Oh, I'm cumming, Jimmy...! Yes...YES! Oooh...! You are making Miss Shannon cum, Jimmy...Oh God I'm CUMMING againnnn...!!"

His Teacher's body vibrated and convulsed as she pushed her hot, trickling pussy into his face. Jimmy kept working his tongue and lips on her precious treasure, applying what the porn site called "puppy dog licks." He wanted to please her for as long as he possibly could. She squirmed and moaned in her desk. He was only too happy to give her more of what she needed and sought. Just like it said on his Dad's porn site her satisfaction was more important at this point than his own.

As her muscles finally relaxed, Jimmy released his mouth's grip on her tender knob. He gave her one last soft tender kiss between her legs; which made her twitch again before backing up a couple inches and gazing at her serene face. His teacher's sparkling blue eyes were filled with tears, wonder and amazement. They both just smiled at one another. Jimmy had unleashed some deep lustful desires she had been suppressing ever since her fiancé left for his deployment overseas. She no longer had the strength, or the desire to fight it anymore. She was determined to keep this young boy, with his magical tongue and sexual skills in her life forever.

"Oh my God, Jimmy. Where did you learn to do that? I have never orgasm so hard in my entire life."

"I learned it on my Dad's porn site. I watched how the men on that site made the women scream with delight. It looked like they both enjoyed it very much."

This was the first time Jimmy had ever engaged in real sex. Up until now he had only watched it on the computer and masturbated.

"Jimmy, do you think your Mother will let you come over to my house while I give you special help with your homework?"

"I'm sure she will, Miss 'H'. She is always telling me that she wants me to do really well in school."

"I will send a note home with you, Jimmy. Please give it to your Mother. I think we should start your tutoring immediately; maybe tomorrow afternoon."

Shannon lived in a two story condo about a mile from Jimmy's home. When one enters her condo on the ground floor, they find a large living room with a nice sitting room just off the kitchen. There is a small eating area between the sitting room and the kitchen. She had a half bath on the ground floor and a full bath with shower in the master bedroom on the second floor.

That first day of tutoring, Jimmy rode his bicycle to Miss Shannon's condo. She greeted him at the front door wearing a white polo shirt with no bra, and tight khaki cotton short shorts with no panties. Jimmy got an immediate erection as soon as he walked in and saw how she was dressed. He was reasonably sure why he was there in the privacy of her condo. Miss Shannon promptly noticed his bulge and smiled. Jimmy blushed and tried to hide it with his book bag.

Shannon directed Jimmy to a comfy sofa in the sitting area and told him they would conduct their work on the sofa. Jimmy dropped his book bag on the floor and settled in the center of the sofa. The first few minutes were awkward for them both. They both knew why he was there alone with her in her personal residence. He timidly glanced at her as if he wanted to say something, but remained silent. Shannon's heart raced and her pussy got really wet while she tried to consider the best way to instigate what she really sought after. Shannon took a deep gulp of air and offered him a cool drink. She told him his options were water or coke. He declined both.

There was another brief pause as Shannon gathered her courage and decided to be as audacious as Jimmy had been the day before when he, with no forewarning, went down on her and gave her the most incredible orgasm of her life. She reached over and unzipped his pants and pulled them down to his knees. He swallowed hard and let out a profound apprehensive moan. She was acting like the women on the porn site and he liked it. She slipped her lips around his already hard cock and took it deep into her throat. Jimmy had never had a blowjob before now. It didn't take him long to propel his thick heavy load down her throat. She swallowed every drop of his young teenage juices without once gagging. Jimmy broke out into a sweat and fell back on the sofa. His head began spinning and he couldn't believe how magnificent his first blowjob had been.

Shannon then stood up and slipped off her white top and short shorts and said, "Well if you don't want anything to drink, perhaps you would like something to eat."

Jimmy's eyes lit up and a huge smile broaden across his young teenage face.

"Yes ma'am!"

Miss Shannon lay back on the sofa, closed her eyes and spread her legs to him. He stripped off his clothes and dropped down on his knees and began doing what he does best. What his favorite porn site had taught him to do. He leaned forward and kissed her tenderly on her on her belly button. She cooed as he began stroking her breast with his tongue. She pushed her vagina closer to him and urged him to make her feel as she did yesterday. The porn site recommended he tease her and drag out the contact with her pussy. She was supposed to beg for his tongue to make contact. She closed her eyes while he toyed with her nipples. He began to tease and kiss his way down her body. He took his time kissing and licking on her neck, nibbling on her ears and telling her how much he loved making her cum. She blushed as she felt herself getting incredibly wet. He continued down, leisurely licking every inch of her breasts. He teased each nipple for what seemed like forever. Finally, with encouragement from Shannon's forceful push on the back of his head, he engulfed as much of her C-cup tits, one at a time. He wanted to suck in as much of her tit as he possibly could. He paid particular attention to her nipples; licking, sucking and lightly biting. Her breathing was getting heavier, with short shallow bursts; her moans were getting louder with anticipation. She was so wet it made a puddle on the sofa beneath her. Shannon's wetness didn't go unnoticed by Jimmy. He was enjoying her response and it caused his cock to become even harder.
