 Another Clifftop College story, enjoy!

*****

There was something about Smyth Robertson that made Claire come back again and again. His intense azure eyes were fixated upon as she stood before him, sending shivers down her back. His dirty-blonde hair hung messily across his forehead; she grasped it tightly as she sat down upon his lap, feeling his ever growing erection press against her groin. Her eyes drifted down to his naked torso, where she stroked her fingers across every toned ridge of muscle. 

"What happened to 'never again'?" Smyth whispered into her ear. It sent her pulse rocketing. He caused a yearning to stir deep inside of her. 

He fingered the lace material of her corset, his hands soon finding her bum where he grasped firmly, staring hungrily up into her excited eyes. Claire bit her lip to control her giggles of pleasure. Smyth Robertson was the most gorgeous man she'd ever met. Every inch of him was charming and irresistible; from his powerful arms wrapped around her to his intoxicating cologne that clung to her skin for hours after they'd been together. 

"Be quiet, there's no talking in my classroom," she winked, grinding her hips into his. She could feel Smyth's excitement beneath her. 

When they'd first met, she'd never believed she would get the opportunity to even kiss his lips, let alone be able to dominate him. Although Smyth Robertson made her breathing unsteady, there was nothing she enjoyed more than ordering a man around in the bedroom, and she'd been dominating Smyth for almost a week now. Yet Claire wanted more than pillow play. She craved more; though it was a dangerous hunger that she knew she must extinguish. But how could she when she was his Maths teacher every Tuesday, Thursday and Friday?

"Take me to the desk," Claire ordered, sliding her arms around his neck still clutching at his short hair.

Without a word, Smyth carried her over to the desk, where he laid her down and loomed over Claire in all his gorgeous glory. She took in everything about the eighteen year old man in front of her. She opened her legs to him and beckoned him forward. His heart pounded beneath her hand as she stroked his hot skin, following the trail of dark hair down to his jeans. 

"We shouldn't be doing this," she whispered between deep, passionate kisses that took the air from her lungs, although made no effort to stop. She began unbuckling his jeans and pushing them down over his muscular thighs. 

"I'm always doing things I shouldn't," Smyth chewed his bottom lip hungrily "But I never stop," his lips moved to her collar bone, causing her to lie back and luxuriate in the pleasure. 

"How is that possible? I've never seen you in detention," she arched her back as his tongue ran from her collar bone to her breasts. His fingers began to skilfully unravel the corset ties; all the while his other hand caressed her bum cheeks.

"I'm incredibly good at hiding my destruction," he glanced up with a grin on his lips as he pulled open the corset. His stare lingered on her ample breasts before Smyth's gaze returned to her eyes. 

"I am under your control, Miss," he said submissively, though he couldn't hide the mischievous enjoyment from his eyes. 

Claire's hand rose to his face, where she brushed her fingers over his stubbly jaw. She clutched playfully, directing his face not to her bare breasts but down to her thong. 

"You will be my destruction," she breathed, tangling her hands in his hair and tugging as Smyth set to work. 

He wrapped her thighs over his shoulders, her thong somewhere across the classroom now. Delicately, he parted her lips with ease, the tip of his tongue finding its place on the outside of her dripping wet pussy. She let out a small gasp as a wave of pleasure rippled across her body. She pushed his head down deeper feeling as his tongue began to stroke up and down, from her pussy to her clit. The sensual strokes grew faster, until her legs were quaking on his shoulders. She called out his name when a finger drifted deep within her tight wet hole, his tongue now working in circles on her clit, pressing harder to the point where Claire was moaning loudly in ecstasy. All those private school Spanish lessons had taught Smyth how to roll his Rs perfectly. 

"Come here," she demanded, yanking at his hair until his face was inches from hers. 

"Yes Miss?" Smyth said breathlessly. 

In one swift move, she had him on his back and her legs either side of him. She threw back his arms and stared sternly down into his bright elated eyes. Using a scarf, she tied his wrists together. 

Claire ran her fingernails down his chest, watching as he closed his eyes and shuddered with pleasure. She leant forward and kissed every red line she'd made tenderly and then sat back until his hard throbbing cock was sliding inside of her. It was everything she'd imagined it to be. 

Smyth was powerless and under her control as she dug her nails deeper and indulged herself. All he could do was lay and allow this sexy, seductive woman to use him like a toy. Smyth was all too obliging. The view of her bouncing breasts and his cock sliding in and out of her delicious pussy was something he'd never forget. 

It was carnal and dangerous, yet at that moment, with Smyth Robertson's cock buried deep within her pussy, her hips rocking back and forth until the tip was rubbing against her g-spot, Claire didn't care. She couldn't care less whether he was her student. All she knew was that this gorgeous young man, with muscles of steel and alluring blue eyes drove her wild and she had to have him. Every last bit of him. Smyth was a drug, and Claire was addicted.