 She got on at Floor 10. He was already inside. So were 3 other people.

She made her way to the back of the elevator and joined him. He didn't even give her a passing glance but he felt her eyes on him, eyes that were boring into his body with desire. He knew she was imagining what he would be doing to her later that night, but that one look at her in her short dress, showing off all her curves in the right places and giving just a tiny peek at her breasts had already driven him crazy. He couldn't look at her again without losing his mind. And alas, his self-control wasn't strong enough -- and he looked at her. Bad mistake.

She was biting her lip and staring at his. Her eyes went up to his and they shared a look of mirrored lust. He knew what he had to do. By now, two of the three others had gotten off and as if it were meant to be, the last guy got off at Floor 1. The elevator reached the ground floor. Neither of them moved. He pressed 14. And waited. As soon as the door closed, he grabbed her waist and pushed her against the wall. The elevator shook as their bodies collided and it was all he could do to move away from her for a second to press the STOP button. And then, there was nothing holding them back.

"You fucking tease. You did this purposely, didn't you?"

A few buttons of her dress had come undone and he could see the lacy black lingerie under it. As soon as he said this, she moved and pushed him against the opposite wall. Her knee came up slowly and she rubbed its hard edge against his growing cock. She heard him lightly moan as she rubbed the length of his erection, while his hands moved from her waist to her ass, squeezing it and pushing her further into his body. He could feel her enormous breasts against his chest, the nipples already hard, ready to be sucked. And so he decided, he had played second fiddle for too long. He pulled her dress up and dragged her panties down in a single move. She gasped and before she could react, she was being pushed onto the hand railings in the elevator. He spread her legs and she wrapped them around his waist naturally. He pushed his face into her cleavage while his hands stripped the dress off of her. She felt his hands unhook her bra and then she lost herself. His mouth descended upon one breast, sucking violently on her nipple, making her cry out. His hand went up to squeeze the other one, pulling on her hard nipple and making her hurt in the pleasure. She cried out his name...

"FUCK Eli, it hurts!"

"You like it, don't you? Tell me how much you like it, you cunt. Tell me how badly you want my cock."

As a response, she pushed his face further into her breasts, his tongue licking the crevice between them and making her go mad. She pulled his cock closer, getting off the railing of the elevator and resting on his waist. She grinded his cock into her soaking wet pussy and made his pants wet and sticky. He let out a low growl and dropped his hands around her. She got down and they moved away from each other. She kept her eyes on him as she took off her dress completely and stood naked in front of him. Her eyes continued to look into his, while her legs spread and her hand went down. He saw her insert her finger into her pussy, the wet sound it made and the moan that she gave out. He hadn't even realized but his hands had gone to his own. His cock was hard now, ready to fuck her in all the ways he had imagined. He rubbed his cock slow and hard, through his clothes, seeing her fuck herself. And then he started to strip. He took off his shirt, his pants, his underwear. As his cock sprang out, he saw her eyes hungry in anticipation.

"You want this, you little tease?"

"Yes, sir. I want it so bad."

"Well, then you gotta earn it."

She got the message loud and clear. She removed the fingers from her pussy, licked them off and got down on all fours. She covered the small length of the elevator slowly, agonizingly. "You know you'll be punished for all this shit?"

"That's what I'm hoping..." she replied.

"Tell me what you are..."

"Your little slut."

"C'mon. You know how it goes..."

"I'm your slut, Eli. Your bitch who you fuck when you want."

As she said this, he grabbed her neck and pulled her mouth to his cock. He went to suck on it, her mouth open and tongue ready, when he jerked her head back. "I said, you know how it goes. Say it properly."

She glared at him and then looked longingly at his cock. "Fine."

"I'm your little cock-sucking slut, Eli. I wanna suck your cock and have you fuck all my little holes with it. Let me suck you, please. Let your cock-sucking bitch do her job", she exclaimed.

And so, he obliged. Before she could finish, he grabbed her head tight and slapped her face with the tip of his cock. Seeing her begging for it was what he wanted. Her hands came up and he gave her a stern look. She dropped them instantly, and got ready with her mouth open. He pushed just the tip inside her warm, wet mouth, and groaned a little. Fuck, that felt good. Little by little, he pushed his cock into her slutty mouth and was soon moaning as she did what she did best -- his cock-sucking slut. The empty silence in the elevator was soon filled with the sound of her gagging mouth and his balls slapping against her chin as he fucked her mouth nice and hard. He was moaning hard now, feeling her hot mouth engulf his cock and seeing her drool at the taste of him. He was close, but there was more to be done. 

He pulled her head back and she started gasping, regaining her breath and her mind. She grabbed his cock right away, running her wet tongue over the length of it and taking his balls one by one in her mouth and sucking on them hard. She hadn't had enough. She never does.

"Jess", his voice rang out, low and hot. She stopped and looked up. "Get up", he said. She got up, suddenly aware of the throbbing need between her own legs. He put his hand around her waist, flipped her and pulled her close. Her breathing became hard. She could feel his hard, wet cock on her ass. His left hand went up to her breast, smothering it with power, squeezing, pulling and slapping the hell out of her raw, hard nipple. His other hand went down to her pussy. Her juices were already dripping down her legs when he grabbed her pussy with his hand and inserted his middle finger right into it. She cried out and pushed herself onto him. She began fucking his finger without even realizing it, only realizing what she was doing when two more fingers came in and her moans could be heard echoing in the empty elevator. He mercilessly fucked her pussy until she came in his hands, dripping her juices all over his fingers. And then, before she could catch her breath, he turned her around and pushed his huge cock inside her. "Fuck me, you're tight, you little bitch", he said, as he pulled his cock out and pushed a little more in again. She was crying out loud and he put a hand over her mouth to muffle her screaming. She wrapped her leg around him and grabbed the railing as she pulled out for the last time and pushed in again, this time fully. It took her all her self-control to not collapse with the pleasure and keep standing. He was punishingly slow in the beginning. She began to push her pussy into him more, making him go faster, making him fuck her faster. And then he began the routine she knew so well -- he would drill into her, making it impossible for her to breath, fucking her hard and then suddenly slow it down, making the pleasure become unbearable for both of them. He did this again, the drilling longer now, until finally, he stopped slowing down and kept fucking her tight little pussy harder. He was so close and he could feel her ready to cum too. And as he saw her breasts jiggling uncontrollably with the force of him fucking her, he leaned close to her and said, "I love you, my little cock-sucking princess. I love you Jess."

And he came right inside her, their cum mixing together, as she screamed out she loved him again and again, becoming a mess in his arms. She was a rag doll, unable to stand, wet all over.

They took a few seconds to regain their composure and then quietly dressed up. As she was buttoning the last few buttons of her dress, he pressed the STOP button again. The elevator jerked alive and it climbed down to the basement. They got out to a grumbling group of people, who pushed past them in a hurry. 

They got into their car, smiling at each other. His smile became wider when she laughed and said, "I love putting up a good show for the security guards. God, they'll have fun tonight!"