 Grace had never enjoyed chemistry as a field of study. For some ridiculous reason, though, an extra couple of science credit hours were required for her Business Administration degree. So, having little to choose from and almost no experience in science, she chose chemistry as her final science course. Best get it out of the way now, while she was still a college sophomore, than have to worry about it next year or the year after.

She’d had to have a tutor the whole semester. Chemistry completely confused her. What the hell was an O2 and why didn’t they just call it oxygen, for Christ’s sake? Sodium Chloride? What the fuck was that? Just call it salt already, that’s what it is! She wanted to bang her head on her desk every time she had to learn some new abbreviation or chemical code or some such nonsense. Her tutor treated her like she should still be in high school: “You DID take science in high school, didn’t you? Did you pay attention at all?”

Ugh. She wanted to choke him. Snooty-ass brainiac dork who probably didn’t have any friends in high school and more than likely was still a virgin. Or at least that’s what she told herself, to make herself feel better.  Sometimes she fantasized how much fun it would be to seduce him and fuck his brains out, just to show him a thing or two about what she really does know. But that was just a fantasy, and besides, she’d have to be dead before she fucked a nerdy guy like him.

Not at all like Ben, with whom she’d grown much closer since their first tryst together. Nothing romantic had developed, just a strengthening of their friendship and their shared bond, not to mention the sexual benefits they still enjoyed. Their after-class chats became longer and more often, and they had even begun calling each other late at night, after Monica and the kids had gone to bed. They were very discreet in class, though. Everyone knew they were friends, but no one knew the true extent of their student-teacher relationship.

So it happened, that one day after class they were talking as usual, chattering about nonsense the way friends can do.

“So my fucking chemistry tutor can pretty much bite my ass,” Grace was saying. “He thinks he’s big shit because he’s on student council.”

“You heard about the student council wanting to erect a statue in the front, right?” Ben offered.

“Yeah, something about a tribute to the founder of the school. It’s completely retarded,” Grace sneered.

“Why’s that?”

“Give me a break, Ben. Do you even know who the founder of the school is?”

He gave a long pause before breaking into a laugh. “No, I don’t.”

“Exactly. No one does! And they want to build a statue that everyone will look at and go, ‘Who the hell is that?’”

Ben laughed again. “Yeah, I guess that is kind of retarded.”

“See? I’m right again.”

He gave a lift to his eyebrows. “Right again, you say? What makes you think you’re ever right to begin with?”

“Bah!” she cried, going to kick him, but he dodged. “I was right when I started fucking you, wasn’t I?”

Suddenly he was right in her face, pressed against her, his hands holding her wrists behind her back. He was nuzzling her neck. “You’re damn right, you were,” he growled. “And you still have no idea how hard I get when you look at me the way you do during class.”

“Don’t I?” she whispered.

“You don’t see me get up from my desk when you’re wearing one of those skirts, do you?”

He had a point.

She was wearing one of those skirts today, and purposely at that, and he was right, he hadn’t moved from his desk since the beginning of class.

He went on, “I don’t move from that spot, I don’t want anyone to see the raging hard on I’m sporting thanks to you. You’re making my job very difficult, you know.” To punctuate, he pushed against her, grinding his rock-hard cock into her thigh. 

“I’m such a bad girl,” she said, throwing a bit of a mocking tone into her voice.

“Damn right. And I think I need to punish you for it.”

A rush of blood filled her pussy, making it swell, and her clit hardened instantly. A trickle of wetness seeped out of her, her panties soaking it up. “Do I have to go to detention, professor?” she whispered.

He chuckled. “Get your ass in my office, right now. I’ll be there in a minute.” When she could only stare at him, he slapped her on the ass and yelled, “MOVE!”

She bolted to his office and shut the door. What did he have in mind for her? They had recently talked about secret dom/sub fantasies. Was he going to try those out? Her heart pounded and her pussy grew still wetter as she pondered the possibilities. She crossed the room to the little sofa and sat gingerly on the edge, staring at the door as if she could force him through it with her gaze. What was taking him so long? After a moment, she couldn’t stand it any more; she leaned back against the sofa, lifted her skirt, pulled her panties aside, and began to finger her hard little clit. She dipped her fingers in her hole for lubrication, and circled the tip of her finger around her clit. Jesus, she was hot. She hadn’t been this horny or this wet until she sat in Ben’s class, listening to him lecture, wishing he would get up and pace so she could check out his ass. But he didn’t get up, and it was because he was so hard, and he was hard because of her, and that only turned her on more. She doubled the speed of her assault on her clit, thinking she might cum before Ben arrived. Still holding her panties aside with her free hand, she managed to wiggle one of those fingers into her pussy, fingering herself while she jerked off her clit.

And this is the way Ben found her when he opened his office door: spread open on the sofa, rubbing her clit with one hand, and simultaneously holding aside her panties and fingering herself with the other. Talented girl, he thought.

She jerked her eyes open and froze when she heard the door. He’d caught her! She felt the color rush to her face. No one had ever seen her masturbate before.

He smiled. He understood the vulnerability she had to be feeling, and wasn’t going to use that to his dominant advantage. “Don’t stop,” he said gently. “You look beautiful.”

Slowly her tension faded and her focus on her pussy returned. She kept her eyes on Ben, who kept his eyes fixed to her. She wormed her finger deeper inside her, marveling at how much wetter she’d gotten since Ben came in, and continued massaging her clit. This would be so much easier with a vibrator, she thought, but her hands would do for now, as Ben seemed to be enjoying the show very much. He was rubbing his cock through his wrinkle-free khakis, the erection visible under his hand. After a minute he unzipped his pants and took his cock out, stroking it firmly, watching her all the while.

The sight of him leaned against the door with his cheeks flushed, his eyes fixed on her dripping pussy, fondling his own cock, made her that much wetter, and she sped up her strokes on her clit even more. For some reason she couldn’t quite understand, she loved the way he looked jerking himself off. It made her want to cum for him, really give him something he could get off on. She removed her hands from her pussy only long enough to slip her panties completely off, spreading her legs even wider now, and shoving three fingers inside herself, rubbing her clit furiously.  He stroked his dick a little faster as she went, having no intention of cumming just yet, but being too turned on to do anything else. 

Suddenly her breath quickened, and she muttered, “Oh my god…”

“That’s it, Grace…Let me see you get yourself off…Show me what a horny little bitch you are…”

She absolutely loved the tone of his voice when he talked to her like that! It was enough to send her over the edge, the orgasm seizing her firmly as she cried out. 

“Ooooh, yeah…That looks great, baby…” Ben’s mouth literally watered as he watched her buck her hips under her own touch, her face reddened by her orgasm. “Beautiful.”

She recovered slowly, opening her eyes to see him smiling at her, still stroking his cock. “I’ve…never done that before…” she whispered.

“I know. I could tell. You were so surprised when I came in, like you’d…well, like you’d been caught masturbating!” They both laughed. “But you looked so hot, Grace, I swear. I’m so hard right now I’d probably break a window if I ran into it.”

She threw her head back and laughed heartily. “Well, I’m glad you enjoyed it.” She slipped off her shirt and unhooked her bra, both items falling to the floor. “Why don’t you bring that big hard cock over here?”

He crossed the room, unbuckling his belt and dropping his pants as he did so. He stepped out of his pants as he reached the sofa, towering over her. She pulled him forward until he was leaning over the couch, supporting his weight with his hands on the back of the sofa. She nibbled him hungrily all over, from his neck to his nipples, down his stomach to his cock. She twirled her tongue around the end of his cock, and he let out a long, low moan. Encouraged by this, she ran her tongue all the way down his cock in a spiral, bringing more sounds of pleasure out of him. 

Suddenly a better idea occurred to her; she lifted up a little and placed his cock firmly between her breasts, squeezing them together, perfectly nestling it. “Oh holy god,” he whispered.

“Fuck them,” she begged. “Fuck those pretty little tits.”

He didn’t hesitate. He began thrusting his cock in its envelope of tits, and she bent her face down to catch the head of his cock in her mouth. The feel of her mouth on the end of his dick after its traveling through the tunnel of her cleavage was such a sensation-change, it brought him more quickly to the edge – too quick for his liking, but he wasn’t about to stop or slow down. This was simply too good.

“Couldn’t wait, could you,” he whispered to her. “You couldn’t wait for me to come get you, you had to start playing with your pussy as soon as you were alone, didn’t you?” She moaned and nodded, her mouth closing over his cockhead. “You’re such a horny little slut, and I love that about you…” He felt the orgasm building, his breath quickening. “You ready for a big load shot all over you, little cumslut?” he grunted, and before she could think about answering, he had pulled back far enough to take his cock in his hand again, and jerk himself to the finish, shooting his thick juice in spurts on her breasts, her cheeks, her chin. She held her mouth open for it, catching what she could, licking the rest from her fingers as she gathered it.

With a loud groan, he flopped onto the sofa next to her, sighing contently. “I love a good tit fucking,” he said, grinning at her.

She grinned back, leaning against him. "Was it that good?"

“You kidding? It was awesome. Especially that whole sucking on the end part. True porn-star quality, there.” He tossed his arms around her, gathering her to him. “But I was all prepared to be dominant and give you a spanking and everything, and seeing you like that when I walked in, I just totally forgot everything I’d planned, and got all wrapped up in watching you pleasure yourself. You see what you do, woman?”

She giggled, settling against him and wrapping her arms around his waist. He stroked her hair lightly, holding her close.

After a pause, she ventured, “You ever tell anyone about us?”

He pulled back to look down at her, his brow furrowed. “Who would I tell, Grace?”

“I don’t know…bar buddies…strip club buddies, that kind of thing, I guess.”

“Have you told anyone?”

“Of course not. But girls are a little different, you know, we don’t have the locker-room talks quite as much.”

“Are you saying you want me to tell someone?”

She paused. “Someone…who doesn’t know you…doesn’t know me…doesn’t know anything about us, except that I’m the best lay you’ve ever had.”

So that’s what this is about, he thought. “You want to know that I’ve bragged about you.”

“It’s the only way to be sure a guy really enjoys the sex,” she confirmed. “He can tell the girl all he wants to that she’s good, and he loves it, and all that, but until he’s taken it back to his buddies and bragged about the sex or the blowjobs or whatever, you never know for sure.”

He had to admit, she had the guy mentality down pat. “Well, sweetheart, I haven’t exactly taken it back to my buddies, because pretty much all of my friends know you, or at least know you’re a student of mine, and they also know I’m married, and would probably go to Monica with it. And I don’t want to open that can of worms until I’ve got the fish to feed them to, know what I mean?”

She nodded.

“But,” he went on, “I have mentioned to a couple of people who’ve noticed my change in mood, that I’m having the best sex of my life, which is very true.” He smiled down at her.

She beamed, and squeezed him. “I just want to know that you enjoy my body as much as I enjoy yours,” she said, kissing his cheek.

“I think we’re pretty well matched,” he replied, taking a quick lick at her nipple.

She pulled back, catching his face in her hands. “Ben, look. There’s something else I wanted to talk to you about.”

He leaned back, getting serious. “Okay.”

She took a deep breath. “I’ve got something to tell you, and I’m telling you only because I respect you, and I want your respect for me to continue, and if you have any qualms about it, I won’t go through with it, I’ll drop it altogether.”

He looked puzzled. “Okay, I suppose you’ll elaborate on that?”

“Of course.” She paused again, looking for wording. Finally she said, “I have developed a bit of a crush on my chemistry professor.”

A laugh escaped him. “Sydney Hargrove? You’ve got to be kidding.”

“I am not kidding!” She swatted him. “He’s very attractive.”

“Okay, he’s attractive, but he’s still a geek, always has been.  With a name like Sydney, you’re cursed at birth to be a geek forever.”

She laughed. “Well, I wanted to tell you about it, because I’m thinking about trying to…” she trailed off.

“You want to seduce the geek, don’t you?” An impish grin lit his face.

“Don’t make fun of me, bastard. It’s hard enough admitting it to you.”

He straightened his face. “I’m sorry. But if you’re worried about how I feel about it, don’t. I’m not offended, and I’m not worried. You and I have never sworn exclusivity, and even though I don’t plan to take on any more projects, you’re free to do as you will, obviously. Besides, I’m pretty sure he can’t fuck you like I can.”

“Probably not,” she said, smiling.  “Why don’t you remind me again, just how you do fuck me?”

He leaned into her, taking a breast in his hand and kissing her neck. “I would love to.”

******************

Two days later, she had to go to Chem. She made sure she looked fuckable in her cutest denim miniskirt with the attached chain belt and a black halter-top. Were the boots too much, should she stick to the 2-inch sandals with the ballet-slipper ribbons? Yeah, the ribbons made her calves look cute, too, she liked them. She wound her hair into a messy French twist and shoved a hair stick through it. She loved her curly hair; it would stay up all day with just a hair stick holding it. A little black G-string thong would just barely cover her already-wet pussy during class, and the skirt was short enough to give Prof. Hargrove a peek if he was observant enough to look.

She got to class ten minutes early to get a good seat in the front. Prof. Hargrove emerged from his office a few minutes later, surprised to see her. 

“Well, well, if it isn’t Miss Crawford. Here early today, I see! And sitting in the front! Is this April Fool’s Day?” he quipped.

She smiled innocently. “No, sir, I’m just really struggling and I need to concentrate more, that’s all. I can concentrate better up here.”

“Isn’t your tutor helping you?”

“No, not really. He’s mostly good for making me feel like an idiot.”

“Hmmm. I’ll have to talk to him about that. But you’re no idiot, Miss Crawford, you do know that, don’t you?”

“Thank you, sir. To be honest, I feel like an idiot in this class. But I think I can catch on enough to get a decent grade.” She leaned forward just a bit, and uncrossed her legs in a move bold enough to be noticed, but subtle enough to be innocent looking. “I wonder if there’s anything extra I can do to help my grade?”

She very distinctly caught him glancing under her skirt, and his flushed face confirmed her suspicion. He cleared his throat. “I, uh, I’m sure we can find something that will help you, Miss Crawford.”

“Professor, please, call me Grace.” She smiled demurely.

His blush deepened. “All right, Grace.”

Students began to filter in, so their conversation was cut off. The lectures began, and Grace watched him closely, the way she watched Ben.  She knew very well that her desire to conquer Prof. Hargrove had nothing to do with her grade (Ben, for the record, did not hurt or help her grade based on their relationship), but she would use just about anything to break him down. She knew exactly how to handle shy guys. She let him catch her staring every now and then, analyzing his body, which was built well as she observed. Not too tall, about five-ten maybe, and a little scrawny, but well defined. Nice shoulders, very nice ass, and she was willing to bet there were some pretty tight abs lurking under his crisp button-down shirt. Her eyes drifted toward his pelvic region, and as she wondered how big he was, she could feel herself swelling again, her pussy dripping juice into her panties. She wiggled in her chair, counting the minutes till class was over, when she could launch her assault.

She had an idea, and discreetly reached down and untied the ribbons on her right sandal. The ribbons fell, hanging free until class was finally dismissed. At this point, she began writing furiously in her note pad, as if she had been taking notes for quite some time, and was trying to finish up quickly. She wrote until the room had emptied, when she began to gather her books and “leave”. Her heart pounded, hoping her plan would work.

It was easier than she expected. She had planned to “trip” over her untied ribbons, but as soon as she’d stood up, Prof. Hargrove said, “Oh, Miss Crawford, your sandal has come untied.”

She feigned surprise. “Oh! Silly me. Thank you, Professor.” She lifted her foot and placed it on her chair, which served to raise her skirt to a point that her panties were quite visible. And here was another advantage to her sandals: they took quite a while to wind up her leg before she could tie them. She could feel the professor’s intense gaze on her as she worked at fixing her shoe, and she was trying very very hard to ignore it.

She finished her shoe and smiled at the professor, who was now visibly hard, but she pretended not to notice. He blushed again. 

“Thanks again,” she said. “I might have tripped over them, and that would have been embarrassing!”

He chuckled nervously. “Indeed.”

“So professor,” she went on, as if nothing had happened, “we were talking about extra things I might do to help my grade out, remember?”

He cleared his throat. “Yes, I remember. Ahem. Er, what sort of projects did you have in mind?”

Way to leave the door wide open, slugger, she thought. “Well,” she said, slowly approaching the front of the room, “I know I’m not doing well on tests. And I know my essays are mediocre at best, and projects suck, and my tutor isn’t helping…”

By now she had closed the distance between them, and she could sense the tension coming from him. She had a feeling he knew what she wanted, which was just as well. Because she also had a feeling he was going to give it to her.

“I can think of only one thing to do,” she said to him.

His voice was barely a whisper. “And what’s that?”

She looked into his eyes for one quick second before she covered his lips with hers, feeling the shock go through him. She wrapped her arms around his neck, burying her fingers in his hair.  She felt him gradually relax as she continued the kiss, his arms slowly circling her waist, until finally he was pulling her closer to him, pressing himself against her, returning the kiss with equal fervor. He did have a natural touch, she thought, but he was still tense. She broke the kiss to nibble at his neck and ear, and she whispered, “Let’s go to your office.”
