 Taylor stepped off the stage and gathered her tank top from the side table in the walkway to the dressing room. She used it to hold the handfuls of cash she had just earned strutting on stage naked for the room full of men and a few women. Before leaving the stage Taylor managed to slide her panties back on prior to crawling around and pushing all of her hard won cash to edge of the stage for easy collection. Although calling them panties was a stretch, they were more a of a crotch cover than anything. The thin fabric only made it about half an inch above her top of her slit in the front and left the upper half of her ass crack bare. The thin line of pubic hair even extended an inch or so above the pale blue satin. Her naked tits jiggled as she walked, nipples taunt and tender from pulling them so many times as she gathered folded bills between her breasts. She was getting used to walking around topless and liked the feel of her bouncy tits when she moved. Her skin was flushed from the adrenaline of performing and the work out she received up there. 

Seeing the pure lust in so many faces while she teased them was really starting to turn her on as her mind wandered from the safe thoughts she used to calm her nervousness to more sexual and deviant ideas as she grew into the power she felt on stage. The tenderness of her nipples reminded her how many guys offered to suck her tits or warm their stiff engorgement. She knew the rules and declined the advances no matter how much money was offered or how badly she ached for some release. Thankfully she didn't have to do lap dances like the regular working girls, amateurs like her self just danced one or two songs and got off stage with whatever they could charm, tease, cajole, or beg from the guys. She wasn't sure how she would be able to rub herself all over a guy in private and not cross any lines. She knew a few girls always pushed the envelope as Destiny had shown her that first night. Destiny and the girls claimed the club knew the guys were allowed a little touching in private but frowned upon any real sex as that would bring the vice squad and regulators down quickly as word spread. Secrets didn't last because guys always liked to brag about the stripper that sucked them off or let them finger bang them.

Randy, the bouncer whose cock she had sucked in the video, gave her smile as he held the door to the dressing room open for her. His smirk told her he was thinking about the load of cum he spent all over her naked tits as he ogled her openly while she passed. She thought of the sweet release that would happen once on camera in a few moments. She hadn't thought of how much she was going to enjoy fingering her pussy to climax after getting off stage when she made the deal with Mongoose for basically free web cam time for herself in addition to getting paid for the video she made with Dan and that sneaky bastard Travis. She had to admit Travis had done wonders on her pussy and made acting the slut for Randy and the camera much easier, even going so far as letting Mongoose taste her well lubed snatch and his meaty fingers inside her were as big as some cocks she had felt before meeting Steve.

Rather than try and pull the tight tank top on over her sweating skin she sat down at a make up table and started stacking her money. Mongoose suddenly appeared behind her in the mirror. "Hey Taylor, great job out there again tonight. I hear you had them eating out of your hand again." He congratulated her while watching her reflection in the mirror.

"Yeah, it was pretty fun. I swear there are twice as many people as last week." She laughed, still counting her bills out.

"They guys at the door tell me that isn't far from the truth. Word is our amateur night has a hot girl so a lot of guys have come to check you out."

"Maybe I should ask for a cut of the door." She only half joked.

"Well I'll ask again, any chance you want to work full time? " Quickly adding, "I can't give you a cut of the door but you'll make more money by getting more stage time. And the lap dances... shit you'll make a mint on those."

"Naw, I don't want to do it that much. Besides the web cam time you are giving me makes me a nice bit of extra income. I'm ready to get going on it tonight." Taylor wasn't kidding given how much her tits ached and how easy it was going to be to get herself wet. She still couldn't believe how calmly she sat here talking business, topless with a huge black man who was a complete stranger just a few weeks ago.

"Yeah, well that is a problem tonight. See with it being amateur night, the regular girls use all the cams and I can't take their time away for you on top of your sucking a ton of money from the regulars tonight. I'll have damn mutiny on my hands if I cut any girls' time for an amateur who really isn't even supposed to be on there as far as they are concerned."

"Are you serious?" Taylor turned to ask in a pissed off tone. "I thought you made the rules around here. You really are going to let them call the shots like that?"

Leaning down, gripping her neck and with a menacing whisper Mongoose hissed in her ear, "Don't you ever, ever, think about questioning my authority around here. You might get your way with that sweet pussy of yours in most places but around here, I'm waist deep in it and know all the problems that come with it. I can kick some ho off the cam but then she gets all the girls riled up and I gotta expend a lot of energy putting them down. Not to mention her and a few friends wait for you in the parking lot intent on damaging that pretty face of yours. Don't ever think to tell me how to run whores." He released her neck roughly and stood back up to his full height behind her. 

Taylor rubbed the back of her neck and looked away from his reflection in the mirror. "Sorry. I didn't mean to tell you how to...how to..." She couldn't bring herself to say, "Run whores."

"I'm sorry I had to lay my hand on you a little there." He said apologetically. "Now you can have time any other night of the week, just not Sunday nights."

"OK. I'll figure out some other time then." She added getting ready to get out of there. Her fight or flight response was in gear as she saw just a glimpse of the darker side of Mongoose. 

"All right then. I gotta get back to looking after the girls back here." He reminded her as he walked back toward the cam rooms.

Taylor quickly pulled the white tank on over her head, not even bothering with a bra. Her clothes were in a bag across the room which she grabbed and stuffed her cash in. He school girl skirt was still on the counter where she left it and she slipped it on over her small excuse for underwear.

Stepping into the public area of the club she realized how she looked. Going outside and walking through the parking lot in a tight near sheer tank top and micro mini probably wasn't a good idea. Her nerves were rattled enough from the prior excitement of being the object of desire of everyone and now feeling almost threatened by the huge man upstairs. Since she wasn't an employee that meant drinking was O.K. and she could use one now.

Travis hopped right over as she sat down, leaning forward to try and keep her pointed tits below the bar and his line of sight. 

"Hi Taylor." He smiled too happily to see her up close again. "What can I get you?"

"A vodka tonic. Heavy on the vodka please."

"Sure, no problem."

Taylor nearly slammed it down in 3 quick gulps, leaving the nearly intact ice.

"Another." She ordered, pushing the glass toward Travis. 

"Anything wrong?" He asked pouring on top of the ice in the glass.

"Uggh. Just frustrated and kinda pissed off now." She explained taking the drink but sipping just a bit this time, letting the alcohol from the the first drink wash over her.

Travis was called away by a waitress leaving Taylor to sit and stew over not getting her cam time and more money, getting the shit scared out of her by Mongoose, and not getting the sexual release she had expected after performing on stage. Luckily no one ever sat at the bar so she had time to just relax and get ready to head out. The crowd was thinning when Destiny came over and sat with her. 

"Hey girl!" She greeted Taylor. "I saw you sulking over here with just Travis to keep you company. Wanna get out of here and party a little?"

"I should probably just go home. It's already past 1 AM." Taylor begged off.

"It's early. I'm knocking off and heading over to Jackson's house. We always get together with his roomie to have a few drinks after the club closes. They live just a mile or so down the road. C'mon it'll be fun."

Taylor not sure about after hours partying asked, "Who is going to be there?" 

"Just me, Jackson, Travis, and maybe their other friend Russ. Don't worry it's pretty chill. Travis can be a little goofy and sketchy but he's harmless. I'll be there and it's just a few drinks, maybe a movie or something."

Taylor hesitated, not really wanting to go home and deal with her roommates but not sure about going over to this strange place either. As if sensing her apprehension, Destiny added, "You can ride with me and it is close enough that you can walk back to get your car when it's light out in the morning if you want to leave before I get up. "

"All right, " Taylor agreed, "But I gotta go back to the dressing room and get some more clothes," she looked down at her pokey darker pink nipples peeking through the stretched tank top above her short skirt, "This get up seems a bit much."

"Oh shit!" Destiny laughed. "You've probably never been here this late before have you? Mongoose locks the stage door at 1:30 and doesn't let anyone backstage after that. Says he has too much cash and doesn't want to take any risks"

Taylor jumped off her chair and ran back to the door, it was locked just as Destiny said. "Fuck," she thought to herself, "I can't go home in this."

Destiny was by her side, "Don't worry, I've got clothes at Travis's place that might fit you. We can come back tomorrow to get your stuff."

Resigned to the situation of being stuck in slutty clothes, still horny as hell, and now even more in need of a drink she followed Destiny out of the club and to her car.

Destiny wasn't kidding, the ride over to Jackson's place was short. They pulled into a small trailer park and drove all the way to the back where Destiny parked next to a shiny black Mustang with chrome rims. There wasn't so much as a driveway as a gravel patch where a yard would be. They got out and walked up the rickety wooden steps and went through the flimsy metal screened door, letting it slam behind them. 

"Hi Jax, baby!" Destiny greeted her boyfriend who was slouched in a wingback chair in front of the TV. He was shirtless in the sticky night air as the trailer obviously didn't have any air conditioning. For a moment Taylor was grateful for her skimpy attire given the oppressive heat and humidity. 

"Hey Destiny, who's your friend?" He asked not bothering to get up but definitely staring. 

"Oh this is Taylor, you know the new girl I told you about." 

"Yeah, right, right. I heard you were quite the bombshell down at the club. I don't usually work Sunday nights so I guess I've missed you down there."

Taylor laughed nervously, "Well I don't know if I'd say you missed much. Sometimes I feel like I must look like an idiot up there. I don't have near the dance skills or routine that some of the girls have."

He laughed, "I doubt anyone really notices your dancing once the clothes start coming off." He motioned over to the couch, "Here sit down, take those ridiculous stripper heels off, they can't be comfortable."

Destiny went into the little kitchen to the right and could be hear dumping ice in glasses and getting some sort of drink for them. Taylor sank into the broken springs of the beat up couch and leaned forward to undo the straps of her heels. Glancing up once to ask Destiny what she was making she caught Jackson leering at her chest. Looking back down with a smirk on her face she knew the upper half of her tits and plenty of cleavage were bared by the tank top. After guys oggling her tits all night one more didn't bother her. 

They sat and drank vodka lemonade with some cheesy horror flick on the TV while making small talk for 20 minutes or so until the screen door creaked open again, slamming behind Travis. He already had a beer in hand, probably taken from the bar for his ride home. He too was already shirtless, wearing a pair of too big cargo shorts cinched around his skinny waist.

"Goddamn, its fucking hot out there and in here." He declared to the group before heading to the kitchen to run cold water in the sink and dunk his face in it. Straightening up with a loud, "AAHH," he ran his finger through his wet hair, "That is so much better." 

Hopping over Jackson's legs stretched out to the footstool, Travis plopped down on the couch with Destiny in the middle and Taylor on the other end. 

"You all ready to get this party started?" Travis asked no on in particular as he reached into his pocket and pulled out a few carefully folded pieces of paper. 

"Shit yeah, you came through!" Jackson sat up excitedly. 

Taylor watched as Travis dumped out two of the papers and piled the white powder on a glossy magazine on the coffee table. He expertly created a line and snorted it quickly. Jackson and Destiny followed, leaving one line. 

Jackson looked to her, "Do you want a bump?"

"What is it? Taylor asked.

"It's coke and actually pretty good stuff." Adding," It'll definitely make this heat a bit more bearable."

Taylor already felt warm and flushed inside and had managed to ignore the heat but figured what the hell. She had done coke a few times but not with any regularity. She bent over and snorted the whole line tasting the bitterness but instantly feeling more awake and alert. 

Magically the conversations all got louder as they all tried to talk at once. They did a couple more lines each and continued drinking as the night deepened. 

Taylor learned that Jackson had been a regular in a bunch of porn movies and that was how he met Destiny. She was shooting her first movie and he was the guy she fucked on camera. Destiny said he was so sweet and nice to her that when they met again months later she started dating him. 

"Besides, I already knew how well he could fuck." Destiny added, laughing at herself. "He said he had quit the business and so did I so we figured who else would understand the shit we had done and been through."

Taylor didn't think he looked like some kind of porn stud but then again after her encounter with Keith what did she know. It also explained how Destiny knew Keith who had also said he had been in a few movies. Taylor also remembered Destiny sucking and fucking Steve and warning them not to say anything to the bartender about it. Obviously she hadn't entirely quit the business.

"When are you going to start doing private dances and lapdances at the club?" Travis asked bluntly.

"I probably won't." Taylor answered

Travis whistled. "Shit...you would make so much money." 

"Honestly, I just don't know if I could act all horny and rub all over a guy like that and then just walk out of the room. I'm afraid I might not hold the line well enough or I might just not like the guy at all and not want to do it."

Destiny chimed in, "I really don't even think about it while I'm doing it. You just get used to rubbing around and when the guy is gross you can hold back. Most of the time they don't make a fuss and are just happy for the attention."

"I just don't think I could do it or be good at it." 

"Watch this, I'll show you how it can be done." Destiny offered standing up.

She stepped over Travis's legs and lowered herself down, sitting on his lap facing him. 

"Hell yeah!" Travis whooped. "Wait, your not saying I'm the ugly guy are you?"

"Shut up and sit there like a good customer." Destiny ordered. "Now see I'm doing this right in front of my boyfriend and he knows nothing is going to happen, just a little tease." 

Taylor watched silently as Destiny writhed on Travis' lap, standing up and facing away from him as she removed her top and bra cupping her handful of bare tits before turning around to face him again. She straddled his thighs with her knees planted on the couch and let her perky breasts free to brush his forehead, running his nose between them before standing again. 

"See how easy that was?" She asked Taylor still running her hands up her torso, pinching her hard pierced nipples much to the amusement of Travis, who sat with a big smile. Undoubtedly he had seen Destiny's tits many many times working in the club so she probably felt nothing in dancing around in front of him, even if her boyfriend was right there.

"Now you try it." Destiny offered her boyfriend up. "I bet Jackson won't mind. Will you honey?" She asked looking back over her shoulder at him in the chair behind her.

Sensing her hesitation the three of them chanted, "Taylor, Taylor Taylor!"

"C'mon, just do it once, so you can prove to yourself that you can tease a guy completely hard and leave him begging you for more. I'm telling you guys will be throwing money at you." Destiny playfully pulled her up from her seat, pushing her toward Jackson whispering in her ear as she passed, "He's got a really big cock so it will be fun for you to tease him."

Taylor stepped gingerly over the corner of the coffee table and looked down at the guy who would be her first lap dance, grateful he was almost a total stranger but glad to know a little about him. He wasn't a bad looking guy, just not her normal type. His eyebrow was pierced and he had large spacers in each ear lobe. His dark hair was spiked out messily in all directions, just greasy enough to fight the humidity. His chest muscles were well defined from being skinny more than muscular and the cut off sweats he wore left his long thin legs bare from mid thigh down. He looked long and tall sitting slouched in the chair like a praying mantis waiting for a meal all elbows and knees.

Taylor straddled his legs like she had seen Destiny do to Travis. Running her hands down her chest, she pulled her top down exposing the inner half of each round breast. "Is this what you want to see?" She asked knowing she caught him staring earlier. Jackson sat casually, arms resting on the chair as he stared up at her. She really had no intention of actually getting naked but was enjoying the nervous energy she felt teasing him up close. 

The TV behind her suddenly burst to life loudly with moaning. She saw Travis fiddling with the remote as she turned to view the screen. 

"I thought I'd bring the mood up a notch by showing off some classic video for us." He smiled his stupid looking grin.

The TV showed a petite blonde girl laying on her back and obviously having sex, her small tits swayed as the guy's hips thrust forward. It took a few moments but Taylor recognized a younger more innocent looking Destiny and recognizing the shoulder tattoo, she knew it was Jackson on top of her. 

"Oh my God! I can't believe you guys still have this DVD in." Destiny feigned shock. "Do you guys literally watch this every day?"

Taylor's eyes snuck another peek at the TV where Destiny was now on all fours taking it from behind. The camera angle changed and gave a great view of Jackson's long narrow cock driving into her. Destiny wasn't kidding, he had a tremendous cock and was steadily feeding all of it into her on screen.

"Aww are you gonna get jealous when you see Jax with the other girls?" Travis taunted Destiny before adding for Taylor's benefit, "This is like a greatest hits tape of Jackson nailing girls form all sorts of videos."

Taylor turned back to Jackson who paid no attention to the TV screen or his girlfriend and roommate bickering on the couch. His eyes focused solely on her as she lifted herself up onto her knees over his lap. Gripping the back of the chair on either side of his head she moved her tits in front of his face just millimeters away from contact. Slowly she lowered her hips further until she felt contact with him and began writhing just ever so slowly, grinding her thinly covered pussy against his crotch. She could feel his dick getting firm providing a great surface to grind against. He leaned back and closed his eyes as she made small circles with her hips against him. 
