 "So you're saying he was a good lay?" Ben sounded both incredulous and amused.

"Yes, he was a good lay, he knew what he was doing. I was impressed." Grace twirled the phone cord around her finger as she talked.

"I'm shocked. But the real question is, did he do it like I do?"

"Shit. Nobody does it like you do, Ben."

"You mean that?"

"Have I ever lied to you?"

"You're making me hard."

"You horn dog!" Grace cried, laughing. "Didn't I just fuck you a few days ago?"

He laughed with her. "Yeah, but you've had sex since then. I don't have sex with anyone but you anymore."

"Wow, Monica still isn't putting out?"

"Honey, I told you. She hasn't been interested in sex for years. Before you and I started messing around I was going nuts from lack of sex."

Grace let out a long guttural noise, which resembled both a sigh and a groan. "I guess we don't want to have that why-haven't-you-left-her discussion right now, do we?"

"No, we really don't. Mostly because I don't have an answer. I have no idea why I'm still here, other than the kids. If it came down to it, though, honestly, I wouldn't leave; I'd throw her out." Ben sighed. Then with a chuckle he said, "I can't figure how she hasn't found out about us yet, unless she's having a fling of her own."

"Yeah, well, there's not much to know about us, though, is there?" she asked. "We're fucking, that's about it."

There was a brief pause on Ben's end of the line. "You never know, I guess. But we were talking about Sydney the Love Machine, weren't we?"

Grace burst into hysterics, almost dropping the phone. "Love Machine!" she cried, howling with her laughter. "Oh boy...now that's funny shit."

Ben laughed, too. "So he was good, so what? Tell me about it."

"It was good," she said, flopping back onto her bed, nestling in the pillows. "A little brief, and not much foreplay, but I didn't want to give him a chance to change his mind, so I kind of directed his attention where it mattered."

"Right, right. And you were wearing one of those damn skirts, weren't you?"

"You bet. Your favorite one, too. That little jeans miniskirt with the chain belt."

"Ooh, I do love that one. What did he do with it?"

"Are you jerking off?"

"I will if you give me something to jerk off to!" he snapped playfully.

She giggled. "He...pulled the skirt up, over my ass..." she slipped her hand inside her panties, rubbing herself in the memory of Professor Hargrove's cock nudging her ass cheek before he slipped inside her.

"And what was under it?" Ben whispered. His breathing was quickened, making her think he was probably stroking himself as he listened.

"I was wearing my black satin thong..."

"The one I almost tore in half?"

She giggled. "Yeah."

"Then what happened?"

"He bent me over the desk in his office and took my panties down, around my knees...he started fingering me, getting me ready for him..." She slipped her own fingers into her pussy as she talked, pushing on her G-spot with just the right amount of pressure.  

Ben's voice had dropped to a whisper, and she could tell by its force and tone that he was working himself close to a climax. "Then what?" he said.

"Then he slid his cock in my pussy..." She pushed a little harder on her spot.

"Did he stretch it out like I do?"

"Yes, he did, I could feel him splitting me open..."

"God, that makes a great mental picture...you getting fucked, bent over a desk with your skirt around your waist and your panties around your knees..."

"You should have been there," she whispered.

"I wish I had been," he croaked, and then abruptly he squeaked, "Grace..."

"What—"

"I'm cumming," he grunted, and then she heard him muffle his own moan of pleasure, clamping his mouth shut. She visualized him jerking off as she listened to him cum, doubling the speed of her assault on her G-spot.

"Ben, I'm gonna cum, too," she said breathlessly.

"Let me hear you," he whispered. "Let me hear you scream."

A few seconds later, she burst, releasing the orgasm and giving him the screams he wanted.

They were silent on the line for a minute or two, catching their breath. Then, Grace whispered, "Do you really wish you had been there?"

"Are you surprised?" he said softly.

"A little."

"I've always been a little bit of a voyeur," he confessed. "Secretly, I'd love to watch you get pounded."

"That's awesome," she said.

"Why's that?"

"Because I kind of had that same thought...Having you and Sydney together, taking turns on me, using me..."

He was silent for a moment. Then, "You're so fucking hot, you know that?"

She giggled. "If you say so, professor."

"I love that idea," he told her. "And you know what, if you can get Sydney to agree to something like that, which mind you, I don't think he will...But if he does, by all means, let's do it."

"Really?"

"Yes, really. But you have to promise we'll get to play with another girl sometime, too."

She laughed at him. "You've got yourself a deal."

"I gotta get off here, babe. Will I see you tomorrow?" He meant, of course, was she going to stay after class again?

"You kidding? After this conversation, I am definitely going to have to spend some quality time in your office after class. I'm so glad I have your class twice a week!"

He laughed. "Me too. So, I'll see you tomorrow and we'll fantasize some more, hmm?"

"See you then."

Grace hung up the phone and gazed out her window, wondering if he would go to sleep thinking about her. They had definitely come to an interesting agreement tonight, and now the challenge would be presenting the idea to Prof. Hargrove, who would no doubt be reluctant to venture into student-teacher group sex territory. She figured she'd better lay him one more time, to break down those defenses a little bit.

She pulled her blanket up to her chin and drifted off to sleep, dreaming of what Ben might do to her tomorrow.

It's a good thing Ben's office walls are made of concrete. Otherwise, any passing soul may have heard the goings-on after his 3pm English class...

"Ben, please..." Grace cried.

"No. Not until you cum. I know you can cum like this. You give it to me, and I'll give it to you."

Grace was spread wide open on his little sofa, her swollen pussy peeking out from under her skirt. Ben was on his knees in front of her, sucking steadily on her clit. No matter how much she begged, he had refused to penetrate her in any way until she came with only his tongue to stimulate her. She knew he was right, it could be done, but it took a very long time, and all she wanted was his cock filling her. She needed him inside her, and the teasing bastard wouldn't give it to her!

"Please, Ben, please..." she repeated.

"Begging for my dick," he sneered. "How slutty can one girl get?" He bent down and continued assaulting her clit.

"I'll get as slutty as you want me to get, just please, give me your cock, Ben, please!" she cried.

"You know, the more you talk, the more I have to talk back to you. And if I'm talking back to you, I can't be eating your pussy. So if you're ever going to cum, you really need to shut up and let me get you there. I'll stuff you full of cock after you've cum, and not an instant before."

She groaned in defeat, pulling his head back into her pussy. She may have the upper hand when it came to making him lust after her, but as soon as that door was shut, he became a different man – bold, proud, unbearably sexy. She'd do anything he told her to do, and he knew it.

She rocked her pussy against his face as he suckled her clit, twirling his tongue around it. She was going to have to use her mind to help her get off, if she wanted to get fucked sometime tonight. It didn't take her long to form just the right picture in her mind: Ben and Sydney taking turns fucking her, holding her down for each other. Ben fucking her while she took Sydney's cock down her throat. Now that one she liked. But what about...What about Ben fucking her pussy...while Sydney fucked her ass? 

That thought did it for her. She felt the beginnings of an orgasm quivering deep inside her as she pictured those two cocks ramming into each of her holes, wearing them out, shooting their hot cum into her. She began to writhe under Ben's mouth, holding his head closer to her. He knew it was coming, and he held her firmly by the hips, bracing himself against her coming convulsions.

Suddenly she cried out, and the orgasm ripped through her violently. Ben kept his hold on her, keeping her from arching up and hitting him in the nose or something. He continued licking and sucking on her clit through her climax, until she pushed him away whispering, "It's too much...too much...no more..."

He pulled back and sat on his heels, grinning impishly. "You look so good when you cum," he told her.

She smiled, still gasping for breath. "You...you screwed yourself now," she said. "I think...that was all I can take...for now."

"That's okay," he replied, climbing onto the sofa next to her. "I was in the mood to eat pussy. I can live without fucking you for a day. Maybe."

"Maybe," she laughed. She stretched out like a cat, nuzzling against him and finally settling in a cuddle on his chest. "You are so good at that." She shuddered with an aftershock of the orgasm.

"Mmmm," he sighed, taking in the scent of her hair.

They were silent for a few moments, enjoying each other peacefully, Ben gently stroking Grace's hair.

He let out a heavy sigh.

"What's the matter?" Grace asked softly.

There was a long pause before he replied. "I wish I had this at home," he whispered.

She looked up at him, just in time to see a single tear trickle down his cheek. "Oh, Ben," she said, wiping the tear away and kissing him gently. "You'll find a way, Ben, you'll find a way to be happy, I promise."

He looked at her for a long time. She had the most beautiful eyes he'd ever seen in his life – deep, aquatic, mysterious. And the fact that he knew the soul behind them, or felt like he did, made him that much more entranced with her. Every line and curve of her body fascinated him; every move she made turned him on. He tucked a curve of hair behind her ear. Would he find a way to be happy? Could she be the one to lead him there?

Jesus Christ, what was he thinking? He couldn't fall in love with her! Even if she wasn't ten years younger than he was, she was still a student and had two years of college left! Their relationship now was risky enough; he did not need to add to it...

"Ben," Grace said.

"Hmm?"

"You got quiet."

He shook his head to clear it. "I'm sorry. I just got lost in thought." He kissed her forehead. 

"Do you want to know what I was thinking about before I came?" she asked.

"Tell me," he said, grateful for the change in subject, and for her oblivion to his distress.

"I was thinking about you and Sydney, both fucking me...I was thinking about you fucking my pussy, and Sydney fucking my ass." She wiggled a bit as she told him.

He raised his eyebrows. "That sounds very appealing," he said, "but you never told me you liked anal sex."

She grinned. "You never asked."

"Well, well! Learn something new every day. But I'll be damned if Geek Sydney the Love Machine gets to fuck that ass before I do," he told her.

She swatted him. "Just stop calling him a geek, would you? I don't do geeks."

"Of course, I'm sorry," he said, winking at her.

"What do you think, though, really? Do you think I could get him to do it?" She adjusted herself so that she was straddling him, looking at him directly now.

"I think you could get him to fuck your ass, sure. But do I think you could get him to join me in fucking your brains out? I doubt that one. He doesn't come off as that much of a freak."

"Yeah, I know." She pondered. "I wonder what would get him. Maybe he's secretly a freak."

"You never know, I guess. All you can do is try."

"You think?"

He grabbed her by the arms and pulled her to him, nibbling her neck and whispering, "Just think about it. You know how much you love seducing a defenseless man...You're very persuasive, and if Sydney is half a man, he's powerless to resist this body." He ran his tongue along the outlines of her ear as she moaned and wrapped her arms around his neck. "Think about it," he said again. "Two men worshipping your body, touching you, kissing you..."

"Oh, god," she whispered, her pussy getting wet again. She could feel him beginning to harden beneath her, and she rubbed herself against his cock.

He ran his hands over her body as he went on. "One of us could get down and eat your pussy, and the other shove his cock in your mouth..."

He was definitely getting hard as he spoke. His mouth stayed close to her ear, and with one hand he buried his fingers in her hair, and with the other he began to pull her skirt over her ass. "And this sweet little ass, who could resist it? I'd lay down just like this, get you on top of me just like you are now, shove my cock inside you..." He squeezed her ass and worked his way toward the little hole with his finger, as she fumbled with his belt, eventually unbuckling it. She managed to unzip his pants and locate his cock, pulling it out and stroking it, now fully erect.

He went on. "And when I did that...oh, god, that's good...when I started fucking your sweet little pussy from underneath, Sydney would get behind you..." He began to push his finger into her ass. She let out a moan of pleasure. "And he'd start working his way into this tight little hole..."

She rose up just enough to take his cock in her pussy as he spoke. A loud groan escaped him as he pushed into her, still working his finger into her ass.

"My god, you're wet," he gasped. 

"I know," she said, breathless. "Keep going, Ben, keep talking..."

She rode him slowly up and down, doing her best to stick her ass out so that he could get more of his finger in her. "He'd start fucking your ass," he went on, "real slow at first, so he didn't hurt you, because he wouldn't want to hurt you, would he..." 

"No, he wouldn't..."

"And when he was sure you were adjusted...he'd start pounding you, hard..."

"Oh, god...."

"And then I'd wanna start pounding you, too...just to keep up with him...and we'd both be tearing you apart, raping both your tight little holes..." By now he had his finger all the way into her ass and was working it in and out of her as she rode him.

"More, Ben, keep..."

He was already holding back his climax, his cock buzzing, almost numb with pleasure. But he would wait for her. She was almost there, he could feel it.

"I'd be able to feel his cock through your pussy, I'd feel his cock going in and out of your ass, our cocks rubbing together inside you...And when he'd cum, deep inside your ass, I'd feel that, too, and it would send me over the edge, and I'd explode inside you..."

"Shit!!" she cried, and burst into another climax, just as he let go and filled her with his hot semen. She ground against him as they came together, both of them crying out in ecstasy. Their breathing and their moans slowed down, and Grace finally collapsed on top of Ben, gasping and panting for breath.

"Yeah," Grace said, "I think...we should definitely try that..."

Ben laughed. "Go for it, sweets. See what happens."

That was all she could do, right?

To be continued...