 The little sofa rocked under the force of Sydney's skilled pounding, with Grace facing away from him, her head draped over the back of the sofa. Grace let out a grunt each time his thick cock bottomed out inside her, steadying herself against him by holding his hands as they gripped her hips. A thin veil of sweat had formed over Sydney's face and chest, his hair sticking to his forehead as he continued thrusting himself into her.

"Ooohhh, shit," Grace cried. 

"Oh, you like that?" Sydney taunted.

"It's good, it's really good," she grunted.

"Just good?" He doubled the force of his pounding, tightening his grip on her hips.

"Oh, Jesus!" she screamed. She let go of his hands in favor of the sofa, gripping wherever she could to keep herself steady. Her head became squashed against the cushions of the back of the sofa.

"That's what I thought. You're going to cum for me, aren't you?"

"Just keep..." She trailed off, her eyes rolling back in her head in the haze of his fucking.

"Keep what? Come on, Grace. Say it."

"Keep..."

"Say it."

"Sydney..."

"Say it, or I'll stop." To prove it, he slowed down.

"Sydney, don't ... keep ... oh god..."

"Say it!"

"Fuck me, Sydney, keep fucking me, please, fuck me!"

He laughed at her. "You're cute when you beg." He grabbed her right leg and threw it over his shoulder, turning her into a sideways scissor, held on to her thigh and pounded into her with renewed vigor.

Grace's eyes rolled back into her head as she tried to brace herself against him. She didn't even hear her own screams of delight through the haze of her pleasure. His face faded away before her as he pummeled into her, and when she closed her eyes, a new face took its place: It was Ben's.

Ben. Nobody ever fucked her the way Ben did. Nobody ever made her laugh the way he did, or looked at her the way he did, or wanted her the way he did. She couldn't get her mind off him no matter where she was or what she was doing – even if she was here, with Sydney, getting her brains frantically fucked out.

Ben. Ben, Ben, Ben. The vision of him overtook her senses, and in her mind's eye she saw him fucking her, kissing her, devouring her. She felt her pussy muscles quiver around the cock buried inside her, just before the orgasm took her by surprise. She cried out, shattering her illusion of Ben's body melded to hers, shaking and shivering in the intensity of the climax.

She didn't even hear Sydney's cry of pleasure as he emptied himself into the condom encasing his cock. He pulled out of her, kissed her lightly on the cheek, and went to discard the condom. He had insisted on it, even though she told him she was on birth control. He was a little shaken up by the fact that they hadn't used anything the first time they were together, and he didn't want to take any more chances. She didn't blame him.

As he trotted toward the trash can, Grace rolled herself up into a little ball, resting her head on her knees. The reality of her feelings for Ben, and that she had been thinking of him while fucking Sydney deeply disturbed her. It was rude to Sydney, for one thing, even if he wasn't aware of it. He was probably grateful for whatever piece of ass he was able to get, but as far as she was concerned, it was disrespectful. Sex, at the very least, should be about lust for the other person, right? That was what made it so good between her and Ben, and what made it so good between her and Sydney the first time. Pure, simple lust. 

But there was more than that, wasn't there? She was thinking of Ben. Fucking Sydney, but thinking of Ben. Did it mean... Did it mean she was falling for Ben?

Christ. That was all she needed. Fall in love with your married English professor who's ten years older than you? she thought. Yeah, Grace. Great idea.

But it didn't have to mean that she was in love with him, did it? It could just mean that she liked fucking him better. Maybe that was it, maybe that's all it was...

"You look pensive," Sydney said.

She started. "Oh, wow, I'm sorry," she said. "I got kind of...lost in thought, I guess."

"Hmm." Sydney studied her. "Feel like sharing?"

Did she? She might as well. He should at least know, shouldn't he? She would tell him. He deserved to know.

She cleared her throat. "Sydney, I don't know what you think of me. I don't know if you think I'm just a horny college chick trying to score with teachers..."

"No, no," he interrupted. "That's not what I think at all. I think you're a beautiful, intelligent young woman who happens to be incredible in bed." He looked around. "Or, on the couch, as it were."

She giggled in spite of herself. "Well, thank you. But I'm afraid that when I tell you what's bothering me, that you WILL think I'm just a horny college chick."

He leaned back against the couch, settling in. "Try me."

He deserved to know. Didn't he? 

Clearing her throat, she said, "It's only fair that you should know, I was ... thinking of someone else just now." She faltered. "I was thinking of someone I have been seeing for a little while..."

"Wait, you're seeing someone?"

"Well, in a way, if I can explain..."

"Please." His brow furrowed.

"I'm not exactly...I mean, he and I are not, you know, boyfriend-girlfriend, exclusive relationship. I'm not cheating on anybody here, okay?" Sydney nodded, and she went on, "But we have been sleeping together for a little while. See, this person I'm seeing...I talked to him about you before I ever came to you, before I ever approached you...I wanted to be open about it, like I am with everything. I guess that's why I'm telling you this now. I can't keep secrets from people, Sydney, it's just not me. It's not right."

"I understand, Grace, go ahead."

"He and I have been friends for a while, and we respect each other that way, and we've kind of carried it over into our relationship, such as it is. Am I making sense so far?"

"So far, yes."

She took a deep breath. "I told him I had a crush on you and that I wanted to ... well, I wanted to seduce you, and he told me basically that I didn't need his permission, but he was glad I talked to him about it, I think..." She paused, searching for the right words.

"So it was this young man that you were thinking of just now," Sydney said.

"Yes."

"But you mentioned something about being a horny college chick who's just out to fuck teachers, right?"

"Oh, God," she whispered, burying her head in her hands. "What have I done."

"So it's another teacher, then?" She didn't respond, her face creeping further into the refuge of her hands. "Grace, it's all right, just tell me, okay? Look, it's really all right, I promise," he said, wrapping his arm around her.

"It's just that I haven't told anybody out of respect for him, and God, Sydney, if anyone finds out..."

"I won't say anything, you should know that. Besides, if I did... I mean, I'm fucking you, too, right? It'd be my ass, too."

"Sydney, I would never tell. I'd get thrown out of school. So I guess we all have each other by the balls, don't we?"

He laughed. "I suppose we do." He stroked her hair. "You don't have to tell me who it is. I just don't like to see anybody upset. I want to help if I can."

She held his gaze. "It's my English professor."

His eyes grew wide. "Ben Foster? Are you serious? Benjamin J. Foster, Ph. D?"

She chuckled. "Yeah. It's Ben."

He gave a low whistle. "Wow. I knew things were bad with him and his wife, but I didn't peg him for a cheater."

"Well, he's really not the cheating type. He and I just have a really strong chemistry, I guess. Like I said, we started off as good friends, and it kind of developed. And I don't care about him leaving his wife. It's not as deep as all that. I wish he'd leave her for his own sake, because she treats him like shit, but as far as I'm concerned, I enjoy our friendship and I enjoy the sex, and so does he, and we're fine with things the way they are."

"Interesting. So you told Ben you wanted me, and he told you it was fine?"

She looked up at him again. This could be the perfect opportunity to present her and Ben's idea to him...

"Actually," she said carefully, "he went a step further than that..."

"Oh?"

She shifted in her seat, still looking at him directly. "Are you interested in a fantasy of mine?"

"Absolutely," he replied, scooting closer to her.

She also moved closer to him. She felt very intimate with him, and very comfortable. She smiled. There was no gentle way to say this. "I have a fantasy...of being taken by two men at once."

His eyebrows rose. "A threesome, you mean?"

She nodded. "Have you ever tried it? Or thought about it?"

He blushed slightly. "I've thought about it. I've thought about it with two women, but who hasn't? But I've also thought about it with one woman and two men, with the men taking turns fucking the woman..."

"Or what about the two men fucking the woman at the same time?" she said grinning.

He blinked. "You mean ... two cocks in the same pussy?"

"Or, one cock in the pussy...and one in the ass." She cocked an eyebrow at him.

His eyes widened again. "Wow... You know what; I've never thought of that...Wow, that would be...Wow."

She giggled. "You like that idea, huh?"

"I do indeed!" he said grinning. 

"Would you be interested in maybe trying it out with me and Ben? I can't think of anyone else I'd rather be teamed with." She grinned back at him.

Then his grin faded. "Seems awfully risky," he said quietly.

"It is. But Ben and I are very discreet. No one knows, no one has ever guessed. We would do our very best to be inconspicuous." She leaned in and kissed him. "Don't tell me you've never thought of shoving that cock in my ass, Sydney," she whispered.

He drew in a sharp breath, but didn't say anything. His cock swelled, half-erect, twitching. She looked down at it, smirking slyly. "You'd love it, wouldn't you," she said.

His eyes closed. "I would. I really would." He opened his eyes, looking at her intently. "You know what?"

"What's that?"

"You told me a secret. I'll tell you one, too. How's that?"

"That would be nice."

He cleared his throat. "Well, I told you I've thought of doing threesomes before. I've thought of them with two women, and I've thought of them with a man and a woman...But I've also thought of them...with two men." At this last part, Sydney dropped his gaze, his voice low.

It was Grace's turn to be surprised. "Wow. So you're bisexual?"

"Well, I don't know, really. I've never done it. But I am definitely curious. Does that make you feel...any different, about me?" He looked up at her almost sadly.

She smiled and stroked his head. "No, not at all. Why should it? You'd be surprised how many guys feel the same way."

"And you won't say anything? Not even to Ben?"

She pondered. "I may tell Ben that you told me a secret, since I'm a really shitty liar and I can't hide things from him, but I won't tell him what the secret is. And since it's your secret and not mine, he won't press me."

"Are you sure he won't?"

"Positive. Ben knows when to stay out of things. Besides, he's got enough going on in his life. But I promise you, Sydney, your secrets are safe with me." She smiled and squeezed his hand.

Relief passed over his face as he returned the squeeze. "You're something else, Grace."

"Nah. I'm just a horny college chick."

******************

Ben's planner threatened to fall to the floor as he sat at his desk chair with his feet propped on the desk. The planner, balanced on his lap, teetered slowly back and forth against his knees. He had neglected it in favor of the window, through which he absently watched students make their ways to and from classes, as he rested his chin on his knuckles. Dazed, blank, and a little sorrowful, he watched them, thinking of everything and nothing at the same time. He thought of Monica, what she could be doing. Then he remembered that she didn't do anything, ever. He thought of his two children, his son and his daughter, and wondered what they were doing, whether they were safe and happy, whether they missed him. He loved the smiles and giggles from them when he came home at night. For all the hell he had endured with Monica, those two beautiful rays of Heaven made it all worthwhile. If only he had chosen a better mother for them. He wondered what kind of mother Grace would make one day.

Grace. Dammit, there she was again. He couldn't get through ten minutes of idle thinking without Grace popping into his head in one way or another. This was getting too deep, and he was genuinely afraid of what may lie ahead for him if he continued this relationship with his twenty-year-old student. It was blind luck, or good planning, that no one had found out about them yet. He feared it was only a matter of time before they were discovered.

He swung his legs off the desk, letting the planner finally take its plunge to the floor, and let his head fall to the desktop with a muffled thump. "Christ, Foster," he said aloud, "what have you gotten yourself into now?"

Directly above his ear, his phone rang. "Oh, fuck," he muttered, straightening up. He picked up the receiver. "Dr. Foster."

The voice on the other end barked simply, "Hey." It was Monica. Good God, what could she possibly want at two in the afternoon?

"What's up."

"I need you to talk to your son," she said, her voice dripping with displeasure.

"Why, what happened?" 

"He's colored all over the goddamn walls again, Ben! I've told him and told him about this, and he just won't listen to me!" Her voice became shrill.

"Monica, first of all, he's your son, too, and you can discipline him. You do know that, right?"

"He doesn't listen to me, Ben!" she shrieked. 

"He's three years old, Mon, what do you want from him?"

"I WANT him to show me some RESPECT!"

Jesus Christ in a miniskirt. "Monica, I really don't have time for this, I have a class in less than an hour. Can't you put him in a corner or something?"

"What the fuck!" she cried. "I call you for help and you can't even talk to your own son, and help me out here? Christ, what do I keep you around for?"

"For sex, maybe?" he replied dryly.

"I can't believe you, you are so insensitive, and you can't even take part in your children's discipline –"

"That's right, Monica, I never do anything for you, do I?" he snapped, his own voice rising. "I don't work sixty hours a week, I don't fucking cook for you, I don't clean up after you, I don't make sure the kids are clean and fed, I don't do shit for you, do I? What the fuck do you keep me around for?" 

"You – "

"Shut the fuck up and let me talk to my boy." 

He expected her to hang up on him, but after a few seconds of silence, his son's voice chirped through the line. "Hi, Daddy."

"Hey, kiddo, what's happening?"

"Mommy yelled at you," little Eric replied.

Ben's heart broke. "Yeah, she did. I think she was mad at me."

"She was mad at me, too."

"What for?"

Eric lowered his voice. "Cause I drawed on the wall."

"Really? What did you draw?"

"I drawed Batman!" Eric cried happily.

Ben chuckled. "Well, buddy, that's pretty cool, but you remember how we talked about what crayons are for? They're just for paper, remember?"

"They weren't crayons, Daddy. They were markers."

Great. "Where did you get markers?"

"From Lizzie. She let me see them."

His daughter. Always the instigator. "I see. Well, the same rule goes for markers, too, okay? They're just for paper. That way you can keep your picture. See?"

"Yeah."

"Just don't draw on the walls anymore, pal. We got a deal?"

"Deal!"

"Okay. Now behave till I get home, and we can play Candy Land."

"Cool!"

Ben laughed. "I'll see you tonight, buddy."

"Bye, Daddy."

Ben hung up the phone before Monica could take it back from Eric. He'd had about all he could take of her for one day, and he hadn't even spoken to her before he left for work this morning. Not that he hadn't tried. She just wasn't awake yet. The kids were, but she wasn't. He only hoped they weren't left alone for too long when he had to leave.

"Is this the life I signed up for?" he muttered. He wondered if Grace could handle it. And there she would be, in less than half an hour, sitting in his class with one of those tear-it-off-and-fuck-me-blind skirts of hers, and he would be putty in her – 

Knock, knock, knock.

Jesus Christ! 

"Come in," Ben called begrudgingly.

The door creaked open, and a small head peeked in. 

"Grace!" Ben cried, rising from his chair. She looked fabulous in her khaki capris (not what he was expecting, to be sure) and a pale pink sleeveless polo shirt. Her curly red hair was pinned back by a single hair stick, and a few stray curls framed her face. God, it was good to see her.

"Ben!" Grace cried mockingly, grinning at him and opening her arms for a hug.

He let himself absorb the embrace, taking in her scent and the feel of her arms around his neck. He kissed her cheek. "How are you, sweetie?"

"I'm well, thank you," she said, returning his kiss before breaking the hug. "How are you?"

She looked directly at him when she said that. He didn't even know if she knew she was doing it. But somehow it made him feel more like she really did care. "I've been better," he replied, gesturing toward the couch.

She crossed the office and sat down on the little sofa. "What's the matter?"

"I just got off the phone with Monica. She ripped me a new one because Eric colored up the walls." He flopped down next to her.

"Ooh, what did he draw?"

Ben was touched. He grinned and replied, "Batman."

"Awesome. I'd keep it on the walls and have him draw a mural, if I were you."

Ben felt a knot in his throat. God, if only...

"Hey, what's the matter, honey? Did I say something...?"

"No," he whispered. He reached out and touched her cheek lightly. "You're going to make a hell of a mother someday."