 My apologies for taking so long to get this third chapter completed. 

*

Laura and I woke up the next morning tangled in each other's arms and legs. Jessica left us some time early in the morning. I lay there with a raging, peeing hard on. Laura looked at me and smiled. "Last night was fantastic!!"

I could smell the fragrance of both women all over my body. Laura smelled of cum and pussy. "Let's take a shower."

"You naughty boy. You read my mind."

We walked to the bathroom, turned on the water and I turned to the toilet to relieve myself. Laura saw what I was going to do and said, "You can just do that in the shower. That's what I was planning on doing." 

She shot me a wry smile and turned to the shower. I followed her into the stall and got under the water with her. I slid my hard on in between her legs and said, "Ok, here goes."

I let go of a strong stream of pee that I had held for a while. Laura stepped back to watch. She closed her legs and let the pee flow down her body. I pointed my cock up in the air and let it pour off her stomach to the ground. She looked at me smiling. "How did you know I liked golden showers?"

"I didn't. I just took a chance. Want to do me?"

"I thought you'd never ask." With that she opened her legs and relaxed her muscles. A stream of pee shot out and covered my dick in a yellowy rain. My prick hardened as she relieved herself. We closed the gap between us and kissed passionately. I proceeded to pick up the soap and lather up her body. She leaned against the wall and allowed me to soap up her tits and stomach, shoulders and armpits. She turned and I lathered up her back and ass. I kneeled down behind her and used the soap on her legs. She grabbed a razor that she had put in the shower and began to shave her pussy, legs and underarms. I stepped back, soaped my body paying close attention to my cock and watched her shave. She was graceful in her movements. Laura shampooed her hair and rinsed off. "Hurry up, you voyeuristic pervert. We're going to miss breakfast. And I'm starving!"

She exited the shower and started for her room. I rinsed off my body shaved my face and head and left the bathroom. I dried off and called out, "Don't forget. No underwear."

"I didn't bring any, remember?"

I smiled and said, "I knew I liked you for more than your ability to teach!"

I pulled on a golf shirt as she entered my room. She took my breath away. Her hair was dried and pulled back with a hairband straight out of the fifties. She was dressed in a light green sundress. My favorite color. She twirled in front of me and I said, "Beautiful"

We ate a quick breakfast and headed off to the conference. We both grabbed an itinerary and noticed we had the entire afternoon off. Laura eyed me and said, "Let's go back to the GOOD beach!!"

I replied, "I'm gonna need some more sunscreen!"

We went to the rooms our respective speakers were presenting and met after the first hour. I found Laura outside of a speaking room and she pulled me into it. She kissed me and felt my pants for my cock. "My speaker was horrible. I spent the entire time thinking about how much fun we can have at the beach today." 

With that, she unzipped my shorts and pulled my hardening cock out. She sucked it into her mouth and licked the underside of my head. I love a blowjob like the next guy, but I was a little nervous in this room. The nervousness left me quickly and I simply enjoyed her ministrations. I put my hands on the side of her head and began to push in and out. I was close to cumming and heard a slight noise from behind me. I turned and saw a woman sitting in the back row of seats. She was leaning back and staring right at us. Her skirt was up around her hips and she had her hand inside of her panties. I pulled out of Laura's mouth and turned to get a better view of her. She hadn't stopped playing as I turned. My boner was pointing straight out . Laura stood next to me and said to the girl, "I told you he'd let me go down on him."

"Don't stop on my account. The way I figure it we got about 5 minutes before anyone else comes in."

With that she pulled down her skirt, walked to the front and introduced herself as Amy. She was another brunette with soft latin features. She kneeled down and joined Laura sucking my cock. "Girls, I am going to have to stop you. As much as I don't want to. But after last night, I need to refill the tank."

I stepped back, put my cock back in my pants and made myself presentable. Amy asked, "What was last night?"

Laura looked at me, giggled and said, "We invited the waitress from the restaurant back to our room. It was amazing."

Amy's eyes twinkled and she said, "Both of you and her? You and him? Him and her? And You and her?"

"Yep. Yep. and Yep. Amazing. And he still woke up with a hard on."

"Yea, well that's cause I had to pee."

Amy's eyes showed how excited she was. Her nipples also reinforced her excitement.They poked through her light shirt. Her tits stood high on her chest and her nipples pushed the shirt out significantly. She put that girl from Friends to shame when it came to teasing you with hard nipples. Just then, the door to the room opened and the speaker walked in. "I guess it's about that time.", I said.

"Wait, What are you guys doing this afternoon?"

Laura told Amy that we had planned to go to the beach on Forest Ave. "You know that's a nudist beach, right?"

"That's the idea.", Laura said with mischievous smile.

"Mind if I meet you there?"

"I think we'd like that.", I said and gave her a deep kiss. Laura leaned in kissed her and their tongues dueled with each other for about thirty seconds. At this point, I was ready for the beach.

The rest of the morning seemed to drag by. The break at 12:00 arrived and I went looking for Laura. She was leaning against a wall and Amy was waiting with her. I watched as they snuck into one of the meeting rooms. I found another door to the room and peered in. Amy had pushed Laura up against the wall. They were kissing and Amy had a hand up Laura's dress. Amy moved to my mistress' neck and kissed down to her breasts. Laura pushed her hips onto Amy's hand and she moaned loudly. "Finger fuck me. Yes!!"

I entered the room, moved quickly from one side to the other and lifted Amy's skirt. I pulled down her panties and placed my face on her sex. She was really wet. My tongue scooped out her juice and I swallowed it. I drew my tongue from her pussy to her asshole. She pushed back with a moan. "Fuck me! Now!"

I dropped my zipper, pulled out my now hard cock and plunged it into her cunt. As I pushed into her, she closed the gap between her and Laura. Amy's fingers were fluttering over Laura's clit and she was breathing heavy. Amy clenched her pussy on my cok and tried to milk me.

"Yes, fuck me hard!"

"Rub my clit! Right there. Cummming!"

Amy's pussy leaked all over my cock. She moaned and shuddered. She ground her pussy against me. Laura slid to the ground, sated. I pulled my cock out of Amy and Laura came over to clean me off. She licked every bit of Amy's juice from my penis and I loved it. Amy gathered herself together and said, "What time are we meeting at the beach?"