 It was my first day at this part of the high school. I had to transfer to different parts because of the bullying. I already had friends in this part of the school so it wasn't much of a transition. I talked to the principal and I got my schedule. From there, I was off to my first period class. 

As I entered the classroom, I heard his voice. It immediately turned me on. He was tall, slim, brown eyes, black hair and glasses. I looked up to the board and saw his name "Mr. Lasik" it read. He was married and recently had a child. I kind of backed down once he started talking about how much he's a family man and loves his wife. 

About a month passed by and I couldn't stop thinking about it. I masturbated about the thought of him inside me. I wanted his cock inside my mouth. I wanted to taste his cum. I started to do everything I could so he could notice me. I wore tight clothes, I always stared at him when I should've of been working. 

*

The next day I wore my button up tight blouse, it showed off my cleavage pretty well. I sat up front, close to his desk. I could feel him staring and I felt so proud. It seemed like we made eye contact every time there was a chance. Last period came around and my biology teacher had to leave early so Mr. Lasik took over the rest of class. I decided to take it up another level. I bit my lip whenever we made eye contact. I could tell this turned him on. He kept staring at me even when I wasn't trying.

When he was passing out papers, I touched his hand as he handed me one. He stood there for a brief moment and just stared. I waited until all the class left, I got up and I walked towards him. He didn't notice me, he was doing something with papers. He looked up and his eyes widened, he was sitting in a chair and I was standing so his eyes were at level with my breasts. I said to him in a jokingly way "so are you going to be here every day?" 

He replied with "it depends if you want me to or not..." I was already wet. I wanted him and I knew that he wanted me. He slowly stood up and leaned against me. He gripped the side of my neck, his thumb was right in the middle of my throat, and I felt him growing against my leg. He was already big, but I could tell his cock wasn't done growing. 

He put his thumb in my mouth, I sucked on it and he seemed surprised. His other hand found my pussy and then he stuck his hand down my panty's and started fingering me. He whispered in my ear "This is daddy's pussy now. You're gonna be my little slut." As he said that, I came. He took out his hand and licked my cum off his hand then kissed my neck. 

He smirked and said "You taste so good." I was speechless. He then said that he couldn't stay any longer or someone would suspect something. 

*

The next morning, I walked into the classroom and started to do my work, I was having trouble so I asked the student teacher for help. Mr. Lasik interrupted and took over, he placed his hand on my thigh when she left. I knew he knew that I couldn't focus on what he was saying. He stopped and whispered "Are you getting wet Caitlyn?" 

I said "Yes Daddy." I might have said it a little too loud because he gripped my thigh a little harder and gave me a look. 

I whispered "Sorry Daddy..." He smiled and walked away. 

I was walking to gym when he stopped me. He asked "could you help me with the supply closet in the classroom real quick?" He only asked that because of the teachers and students walking around. As soon as the supply closet door was locked, he pushed me against the wall and we started to passionately make out, his tongue felt nice in my mouth. He ripped off my shirt and undid his pants. 

He put his mouth to my ear and said "You could've got us caught today. I'm going to have to punish you." He pulled down my leggings and bent me over his knee. He spanked my ass, it stung but felt so amazing.

"How many cocks have been in this pussy?" 

"None Mr. Lasik."

He pulled my hair back and said "What's my fucking name, you slut." He spanked my ass again. 

I moaned "Daddy!" He stood up and pushed to my knees. I grabbed his cock through his underwear. He was hard and I wanted his cock in my mouth. He pulled out his cock and shoved it down my throat, he grabbed my hair and started to fuck my throat. I felt him cum in my mouth.

"That's a good little slut, swallow daddies cum."

"Please fuck me daddy." I begged. He lifted me up and wiped off some of the leftover cum on my cheek with his finger and stuck it in my mouth. He lifted my leg up after he sat me on the table. He started licking my clit and fingering my pussy. I was in heaven. Every moan got louder and louder, his cock was still hard. I already saw pre cum on his tip.

I came on his face, he kept sucking on my clit. My legs began to shake and I couldn't take it anymore. He stood up and pushed me back on the table. While we were making out, I could feel his cock on my pussy. It was rubbing against my clit. 

"Fuck me!" I moaned. I felt him slowly enter my pussy, and it felt so good. 

"I'm going to go slow with you, I don't want to hurt this tight little pussy." He started out slow and started to speed up. He pulled almost all the way out then rammed my pussy hard. Harder and harder with every thrust. I was gonna climax again. I felt it coming.

"Oh, baby I'm gonna cum in your pussy!" he started moaning. We came together. We were both sweating, and tired. He pulled me on top of him and stared in my eyes. 

"I don't think we should do this ever again." 

"Why?" I asked. 

"I feel like if I did this with you again, I'd end up falling in love with you. You know that can't happen. I have feelings for you Caitlyn. I don't want you getting hurt."

"I'm not going to get hurt. I want you."

"I can't risk my job."

"Well you already did. You risked losing your job, your wife and your family."

"I know Caitlyn. You're young, you don't quite understand where I'm coming from."

"Really? For being young, you sure just fucked me good. Don't treat me like a damn child." I put on my clothes and grabbed my bag. 

"Caitlyn. Don't leave."

"I really should, before I'm late for your class. I don't want a detention." I slammed the door on my way out.

*

While I was waiting for my friend Amber, my cousin and his friend came over. His friend was cute but I knew he was trouble. He had been known for playing with girls head. 

"Jason has an extra ticket to the winter formal."

"Go with him then Dylan, maybe you two could fuck behind the stage."

"What's wrong with you today?" said Dylan.

"Sorry I'm just having a rough day, but what about the extra ticket?" I couldn't tell him what had just happened.

"I want to take you Caitlyn..." mumbled Jason. I was flattered, I had never been asked to a dance. I wasn't even planning on going. 

"I would love to."

"Great see you in two days!" After Jason walked away Dylan grabbed me and pulled me over.

"Don't go to that dance. He's a hoe, I know that I said to go with him but I just didn't want to destroy his confidence." 

"Well aren't you just a great person." I laughed and walked away. I was going to the dance with Jason regardless of what Dylan thought. 

*

As I was grabbing my book out of my bag Mr. Lasik attempted to help me. I looked at him and told him "I might be young, but I think I can handle a couple English books."

"I know, you can handle more than that. Can't you?" he smirked. 

"You better be careful, you don't wanna risk anything..." 

"Speaking of that, I want to talk to you after class."

"I'm fine, I actually have to prepare for a dance I'm going to."

"You're actually going to that, with who?" I didn't say anything after he asked me. I could tell he was getting aggravated from it. He's used to having things his way, so I was glad he didn't find out. 

A couple days pasted and I had already gotten my dress and everything else. My dress was fitted and long, black lace and it hugged all my curves. It was definitely going to turn on every teenage boy I see tonight. After getting dropped off at the school, I met up with my friends. We danced and had fun. Dylan was running late which was fine, I was actually awkwardly early. 

*

When he got there, we started dancing. It was simple dancing, until I saw him. Mr. Lasik decided to chaperone last minute. I walked up to him asked "What the hell are you doing here?" 

"I can't be here?"

"Whatever" I rolled my eyes and walked away.

"You look lovely tonight, just saying!" I was furious, he wanted to know who I was dancing with so he had to come to the dance. I started grinding on Jason. I wanted to get Mr. Lasik so jealous. I felt Jason getting hard. I wasn't really attracted to Jason to the point where I'd fuck him but if it was going to get Mr. Lasik mad, I was going to do it.

I whispered in Jason's ear "meet me in the closet." I saw Mr. Lasik staring. Jason left and 5 minutes later I went to the closet. As me and Jason started to kiss, I heard the door being unlocked. 

"This closet is occupied!" I yelled. Jason laughed and started to kiss my chest. As Jason kept kissing me, I was getting bored. I was not turned on. So I told him to stop. I went to go look for my friends. A kid came up to me and said that Amber had already left. I didn't have a ride back home and I was definitely not walking home like this. 

I started to ask random people for a ride, but the only answer I received was either a no, or a yes if you give me head. So I decided to walk home. As I was leaving, I heard Mr. Lasik.

"Need a ride Caitlyn?" I wanted to tell him to fuck off but I also wanted him to fuck my brains out, but I couldn't say either of those things so a simple yes was okay. 

"Sure." 

As soon as I shut the truck door, he said "Did you fuck that punk?"

"Why are you worried?" 

"Tell me god damnit!" his voice grew louder.

"Yeah I fucked him. I also sucked his dick. I swallowed his cum too!"

"How could you fucking do this to me?"

"Why the hell are you worried?!" 

"Because I am in love with you." I watched the tears come from his eyes. It was completely silent the rest of the ride. 

*

Monday was probably the weirdest day ever. I sat in class, wondering if Mr. Lasik was serious or not. It could've been in the moment. He wouldn't even stare at me. By the end of class, I was convinced that he hates me and I just have to live with it. As soon as I was heading out he called my name. 

"Caitlyn, please come here. I wanted to apologize for everything that happened between us. I should have never been attracted to you in the first place. It was wro-"

"No." I stopped him. 

"I'm the only one who should be apologizing. I lied when I said that I did those things with Jason. You're the only person I've ever been with." I kissed him but he pushed me back.

"Stop. I am trying to be the mature one here." I saw that he was hard. I reached over and started rubbing on his bulge. He looked defeated. He knew that he couldn't hide his feelings from me. I made a 38 year old man fall in love with me, an 18 year old girl.

There were tears in his eyes when he asked "What did you do to me? Why do I love you?"

"It was meant to be. I love you Adam. Be with me." He grabbed my neck and put his finger on my lips. 

"Can you fuck me like you did the first time daddy?"

"I will princess."