 After a long day at work, Cleo as a loan officer and Jordan a contractor, there they sat, on the couch with a beer in hand. Jordan got up to grab another round and Cleo set her plans in motion. She quickly pulled up the browser on their 70 inch smart TV and opened Jordan's favorite porn site. She clicked play on the first video she seen just as he returned with their cold bottles. He gave her a sideways glance not quite knowing what she was up to. 

They'd never explored porn together and the thought of watching Cleo cum while the sounds of sex played in the background was seriously hot. They watched the scene unfold before them while trying to cool the fire inside by taking long pulls of their bottles. Cleo, feeling the effects of the alcohol climbed on to Jordan and straddled his sweat pant covered legs. She leaned in to his ear and whispered to him, "just watch the way he fucks her succulent ass." She licked, sucked and, lightly bit his right earlobe before moving down to suck his neck. She treated each side equally moving up the left next. 

She moved down to his nipples next swirling her tongue around each one while using her hands to free his cock from it's confines. Feeling empty, she stood and pulled down her black lace boyshorts from beneath her yellow sundress. Her back facing him, she spread her pink pussy lips as she sat slowly on his rigid dick. Jordan's hands on her hips set her pace rising and falling in a steady rhythm. This set off the first of Cleo's many orgasms. Her breathing evening out from the explosion of fireworks, she got up only to turn and drop to her knees. 

She licked greedily her sweet juices from his cock before taking him quickly to the back of her throat. She brought up her left hand gripping his shaft and sucked him hard while twisting her hand. As her mouth came up her hand went down in swift but controlled motions. Jordan's moaning only made her pussy wetter as did the precum she was starting to taste. Not wanting him to cum just yet, she pulled back and moved up his body for a deep kiss. 

He grabbed her petite hips lifting her from her perch and laid her on the glass coffee table. It was finally his turn to taste her. He licked up both thighs taking time to suck the areas that made her gasp. From there Jordan tongued her from bottom to top taking his time to pay special attention to each of her holes. Gently Jordan found her still sensitive bundle of nerves and pulled gently with his teeth the ring that sat just above.

To Jordan this intimate piercing was hands down the sexiest bit of jewelry he had ever laid eyes on. Sliding his tongue in slow circles, he set to make her spray loving the taste of her cum. His nimble fingers found her wetness and without hesitation, the middle and ring fingers were massaging her g-spot in no time. With a quickness that surprised even him she was screaming his name just as she squirted her release coating his hand, face and, beard. He moved up her body leaving a trail of her wetness along the way. Her reward was savoring her own flavor on his lips and tongue.

He offered Cleo a hand and with voice full of lust told her, "get up baby it's my turn to cum." She stood on shaky legs as Jordan bent her over the coffee table. His dick so engorged it nearly hurt he went straight for her still pulsing walls hard and fast. Cleo's pussy was his own slice of heaven. She was made to fit him perfectly. All too soon he felt a familiar tingle creeping up and set in motion a plan of his own. Jordan pulled from Cleo's cunt and came on that beautiful puckered rosebud she had never let him enter. He worked in a finger waiting for it to open up and accept him into her tight ass as he used his other hand to massage her clit. Just the sight had his dick hard and ready again in record time. 

Now open to him, he withdrew his finger and replaced it carefully with his erection. Cleo had never felt so full and content. Why had she never let him enter her in this way before? He took her ass slowly savoring every second. Cleo's body stiffened as she cried out just as an earth shattering orgasm rocked through her body. The tightening of her cavity sent his hot seed deep within her ass. This he thought, would be the first of many after work adventures.