 Laura and I had taught in the same school for several years. She was a tall brunette with a tight butt and long legs. But these were not the features that drew me to her in the first place. She had a great smile and an even better sense of humor. She was the math teacher in our school and I was the computer lab guy. We were selected to go to a conference that focused on technology in the classroom. I was excited to spend some time (4 days as a matter of fact) away from the school with her. It didn't hurt to have the conference in Miami either.

I met Laura at the airport on a Sunday morning. Our flight would get us to sunny Florida by noon. That would give us some time to lounge on the beach. I was looking forward to seeing her in a bathing suit. As the flight started down the runway, she grabbed my hand and held it. I looked at her and she told me that she was afraid of flying. I was only too happy to protect her.

We talked through the flight and she began to relax. I caressed her hand and arm and she snuggled closer to me. After landing, she leaned in and kissed me on the lips, winked at me and thanked me for helping her through the flight. She said she would make it up to me. I knew this trip was going to be memorable.

We arrived at the hotel and got our rooms. They were adjacent to each other and possessed a door that joined the two rooms. After settling my things, I unlocked my side of the pass through doors and knocked on hers. She answered the door and asked, "Missed me already?"

I replied that I missed her every day we went home after school. She smiled and said, "What do you want to do first?"

Now it was my turn to smile. I said, "Let's go to the beach."

"You're reading my mind. Let's go." 

With that, she stepped back from the door and revealed the bathing suit that she was wearing. "What do you think?"

I was pleased to see a tiny bikini that hugged her tits and ass. Her nipples were fighting to bust loose from the confines of her top. I said, "If I tell you what I think, you might hit me."

"I'll take that as an approval. Let's go!"

"Wait, I haven't even changed yet."

"Well, let's go slow poke. We're burning daylight"

She went to get her towel and I went to get changed. I had bought a new suit for just this occasion. It was a tight boxer brief type of suit. It highlighted all the right parts while attempting to hide what was concealed beneath. I threw on my walking shorts just as Laura returned to my room. "Ready, Yet?"

"Let's go." I answered.

We took a cab to the beach, paid our admittance fees and found a spot not too far from the shore. Laura took off her long t-shirt and proceeded to apply her sunscreen. I watched as a tantalizing oily sheen began to cover her body. She paid close attention to the top of her breasts and so did I. She noticed and asked, "Like what you see?"

I answered, "Yes, but I'm not seeing enough."

"Patience, young man. Good things come to he who waits."

"I'll wait then."

With that, I stood and dropped my walking shorts and proceeded to cover my own body with sunscreen. Laura stopped oiling her body and stared at me. Now I'm a little older than she and have worked hard to stay in shape. So my body, although mature, has retained an athletic feel. It helped that the bulge in my shorts was not shadowed by the roll of my belly.

"Did you buy that suit because we were going to be in Miami?"

"That and I was going to be at the beach with you. I thought I would have to keep your attention off the young hard bodies out here."

She looked at my crotch and said, "Well you got my attention. That's for sure."

We laid in the sun for a couple of hours. We talked about a myriad of topics. We eventually got to sex. We talked about partners we had had and random places we had sex. I shared with her that I had masturbated , as a teenager, in a stairwell looking at nudie magazines I had found by the incinerator. She was intrigued by the behavior and asked how many times I had done it. I told her that every month the old magazines from tenants made it to the garbage. She smiled at me and said that she thought it was racy. I noticed her nipples were hard again and hoped that it was from my story.

I suggested we take a walk on the beach and she agreed. We walked towards the setting sun and came across a sign that indicated further travel would put us on the naturists beach. We looked at each other and she said, "I'm game if you are."

I answered her by dropping my bathing suit to the ground. I was aroused by the prospects and my cock showed it. I picked up my suit and watched as Laura slid out of her bikini bottoms. Her nether lips were completely bald but she kept the area above it full of bush. My cock twitched in response to her vision and she noticed. "I take it you like what you see?"

"How did you know?"

"That little twitch by your cock spoke volumes for you."

"It's always speaking out of turn, but I do like what I see. You're beautiful."

"Thank you. And I also like what I see. Let's see what's on this beach"

We walked about 150 yards and came across a gathering of people. We nudged our way in to see what was going on. 

In front of us was a threesome of people engaged in sex. Two women and a man were sucking and fucking in front of the entire crowd. Several men and women observing were playing with themselves and others. The man engaged in sex with the two women was penetrating the brunette from behind while the brunette was licking the blond woman's pussy. All three were grunting and moaning in sexual delight. Laura and I watched as several men pulled on their now erect cocks and several women were playing with their tits and rubbing their pussies. Suddenly, I felt a hand encircle my now raging hard on. I looked down and followed the hand and arm over to Laura who was now looking at me. Quietly, she said, "OMG this is so hot!!"

I reached my hand down to her ass and slowly slid my fingers into her vagina. She was soaking wet. I looked at my own cock and saw a steady stream of pre-cum flowing. Laura caught some of it with her fingers and proceeded to lube my dick with it. I leaned over to her, nuzzled her neck and whispered, "Let's go back to the hotel." With that I removed my fingers from her pussy and licked them clean as I looked her in the eyes. All she did was slowly move out of the crowd.

We walked the 150 yards back to the fence. She was smiling and I was wagging a seven inch hard on. As we got dressed, she asked, "Do you like being naked in front of all those people?"

"I do," I said. "I especially like walking around with a hard on caused by you!" 

"Well, I like walking around naked also and love watching you swing that thing in the air as you walk."

We crossed over the fence and returned to our clothes. The return cab ride consisted of mutual caresses and flirtations. Upon entering the elevator, Laura grabbed me, kissed me thrusting her tongue into my mouth and proceeded to fondle my once again raging cock. In between kisses, I managed to say, "You know, with all this stimulation, I am going to blow my load like a school boy."

"Where would you like to blow it?"

"The first time, I should like to relieve myself on your tits and face."

"The first time?" she asked with a raising of her eyebrows.

"I figured I would finger you and lick your clit till you orgasm while I recover."

By this time we had returned to our rooms. I opened my door and followed Laura in. She spun around and pinned me to the wall. She kissed me passionately while undoing my shorts and shirt. She kissed down my neck to my collarbone and moved further on to my nipples. There, she proceeded to lick and bite my erect nipples. My cock was hard from such pleasure and straining to get out of my bathing suit. Laura then kissed down my stomach and rubbed her face against my hard on. "I love it when I can get a guy this hard."

She slid my bathing suit down and my cock bounced from its confines. Ever eager to please me, she gobbled up my dick and lubed it with her saliva. My head went back and a low moan escaped my mouth. "Yes, suck my dick, baby."

Laura withdrew me from her mouth and licked up and down the shaft. She returned to the top and swirled her tongue around the deep purple head. "Sweetheart you're gonna make me blow my load."

"Give me your cum. Shoot it on me"

She combined her licking and began to stroke me with desire. She stared at the head of my cock and it exploded. Amidst my groans of unrequited pleasure, streams of cum flew out of my dick and on to her face and tits. The cum seeped through the flimsy material and on to her nipples. I slid down the wall and sought out her mouth. She met me and returned my passion equally. She passed some of the cum she caught in her mouth to me. I gladly shared this personal moment without embarrassment.

I proceeded to untie her bikini bottoms and top. We moved over to the bed and I assailed her nipples with my tongue and teeth. She arched her back and pressed her tits into my mouth. Sighs of joy emanated from her mouth. "Yes, bite me. I like that." 

I was only too happy to oblige. I licked my way down her chest to her belly button, through the hair of her mound and on to the object of my desire. Laura's clit was protruding from it's hood and I sucked it into my mouth. She grabbed the back of my head and pushed her pelvis into my face. Her vaginal lips were drenched with pussy juice and coated my entire goatee. She road my face forcing her imminent orgasm to come quicker. "Lick me. Yes! Suck my clit!"

I positioned myself between her legs and thrust two fingers into her cunt. I gently ran the tips of my index and middle finger over the fatty pad that was her G spot. Her abdomen flexed and her head came off the pillow. "Yes, finger fuck me. God that feels good. Fuck meeeeeeeeee."

Her orgasm hit her and she pushed her pelvis on my face. I held on and continued to lick her clit.She finally pushed my face from her nether regions, placed her hand on her pussy and drew her knees to her chest.

"Oh My God. That was fantastic!! However, I need to rest."

I climbed up to her and said, "No problem."

We kissed and she said, "I like the way your face smells and tastes like my pussy."

I nodded that I did too. We held each other in our arms and took a nap.

Laura gently nudged me awake and said, "Let's shower and get some dinner."

I said, "Sure, but no underwear to night."

She smiled and said, "Good, cause I didn't bring any."

I knew this was going to be a good trip.