 Summertime is always hot and sticky in central Indiana. For anyone working in an ice cream shop, that statement is doubly true. One summer night I found that NOTHING could be more true, but not for either of those reasons.

I had been working there for over two years, earning spare money while I was in college. I typically worked night shifts with the high schoolers since I was so close to them in age. Staff changes happen a lot in fast food, so when one of the guys had been there for almost a year we already had a pretty sturdy friendship built. He often closed with me, and many times we were the last ones to leave.

That night had been extremely busy. The ninety-degree weather, combined with everyone's summer activities, had a lot of people out and about and wanting ice cream to cool off. Three baseball teams later, everyone was exhausted. Alex and I finished up much later than the rest of the shift.

We had always been fairly flirtatious in our friendship. The sexual innuendos and jokes were ever-presents, but I'd been dating someone for over a year, so it had never gone past that. That night had been no different.

It had been brought up by one of our co-workers that Alex and I would likely be dating if not for my boyfriend. Alex and I had scoffed at the idea at the time, but I often found myself drifting to that thought. That night I found myself wondering if Alex ever did the same.

"So, that was fun," I commented as I finished wiping down the machines.

"Yeah, we should do that every night. Oh wait, we already do. I'll sweep up here if you want." I nodded, noticing the slight flex of his muscles as he reached for the broom. "You know, one of these days you're going to bite that chunk of your lip entirely off."

My brow furrowed. "What are you talking about?"

"You're biting your lip again. Is that a nervous habit or what?"

Actually it was a habit I caught myself doing mostly around my boyfriend. I hadn't realized I did it around Alex too. "No, just do it when I'm thinking about things."

I walked over to the counter to grab the last of the dishes. Alex was sweeping in that corner and I had to reach behind him to get them. My arm brushed against his and I felt a shock of static electricity.

"Ow!" I muttered as I stepped back. He gave me a puzzled look. "Didn't that shock you too?"

He nodded, and then reached for my arm. His hands were hot to the touch. He pulled me toward him. His fingers lightly pushed my chin up and he gently pressed his lips to mine. It had been almost a month since I'd gotten laid, and the passion behind that sweet kiss made my body react in ways that surprised even me.

"Wha...? What are you doing?" I pulled back quickly. I tried to turn away but he held me firmly in place and kissed me again, this time pushing my lips apart and caressing my tongue with his own. My body melted and I found I could not pull away this time.

"We need to finish cleaning up," he nearly panted when he broke the kiss. I nodded, unable to say anything comprehensible.

I went to finish the dishes as he finished sweeping. When he was done he hung up the broom and walked back around the stainless steel table. I heard him turn on the water to fill the mop bucket.

"Let me help you with those," he murmured in my ear as he wrapped his arms around me. "The sooner we finish, the sooner I can show you something."

That was more than enough motivation for me. By that time every thought of my boyfriend seemed to have been shut out. I hurried to finish the dishes as he quickly mopped the store. As I put the last dish to dry on the top shelf he ran one finger slowly down the middle of my back, sending a shiver down my spine.

"Clock out and shut off the lights," he commanded in a gravelly voice.

Not knowing what had come over me, I obeyed very nearly like a child. The idea that a guy could have this sort of effect just blew me away. He grabbed my hand and pulled me into the store room, out of the view of any cameras. He slid his arms around my sides, letting his body follow, pushing me back against the empty counter.

His lips caught mine and he sucked lightly on my lower lip as his hands came up and began unbuttoning my shirt. As he got closer to the top, his fingers brushed against my chest, again making me shiver, this time in anticipation of what was to come. His lips moved down to my neck as he pushed the shirt off of my shoulders.

Somewhere in the process my hands had unexpectedly drifted to his waist. I took the opportunity to pull off his shirt and add it to the floor. I ran my fingernails lightly down his back and around the top of his waistband to the button. In short order his pants joined the pile of clothes, leaving him in his boxer-briefs, which bulged prominently.

His hands ran over my breasts, down my stomach, and around to my ass. He squeezed it firmly and lifted me onto the counter. I leaned back further as his mouth came down and he lightly bit my nipple through my silky bra. A small moan escaped my lips, making him smile.

"Such a naughty girl," he breathed into my ear.

"You haven't seen anything yet," I replied with a mischievous wink. He raised his eyebrows and returned my mischievous grin as he ran a finger roughly over the center of my shorts.

He quickly unhooked my bra with one hand as the other massaged the inside of my left thigh. I had worn a loose pair of shorts and he took advantage of it by running his hand inside. He sucked on my nipple as he ran one finger over my clit through my underwear. His other hand unfastened my shorts and he pulled me close to him. I wrapped my legs around him as he pulled my shorts free of my hips, bringing my underwear with them. He set me back on the counter and finished stripping me down.

He spread my legs with his elbow and ran one finger all over my body. When he got to my lower back he suddenly shoved two fingers of his other hand into me.

"What was that?" he asked when I gasped. I shrugged as he pulled his hand almost entirely out of me. He shoved his fingers in again, going very slowly at first. As his speed increased, so did my breathing and moaning. With one final primal grunt I felt waves of pleasure wash over me as my muscles clinched rapidly on his fingers.

The grin on his face was priceless; his large, soft, kissable lips making me want to suck on them. "That was... incredible," I told him as I tried to catch my breath.

"You haven't seen anything yet," he teased. "I always wanted to hear you moan and groan like that." I raised my eyebrows at his comment. "But I still want to hear you scream my name," he whispered into my ear.

His hot breath sent another shiver through my body. I reached down and started to massage his balls with one hand while using the other to pull him into a deep kiss.

"You make me weak in the knees like no one else," he said as he pulled away from our kiss. He kissed a trail down my body, slowly down my neck, across my collar bone, between my breasts, and down my stomach.

He dropped onto his knees and pulled me over to the edge of the counter. He kissed his way up my thigh until he came to my hot center. He blew a slow stream of cool air, causing me to squirm. His hands went under me legs and held my outer thighs.

He stuck his tongue out and slowly licked all the way up my opening. The feeling washing over me caused me to lean back against the wall. One hand drifted to the back of his head, silently begging for more. His tongue flicked out across my clit before his lips closed in on it. He would suck on my clit for awhile and then run his tongue inside me.

When the sensation became too much, I grabbed his hair and gently pulled him back up to his feet. I brought my feet up to his hips and used them to remove his remaining article of clothing.

He reached down and pulled a condom out of his pants pocket. "You come prepared," I said with a smirk.

"I've wanted this so bad for such a long time." He paused. "The question is, are you sure this is what you want?"

"I've never wanted anything more," I said, looking deep into his hazel eyes.

He rolled the condom on and pulled me forward again, making sure I was on the edge of the counter. I wrapped my legs around his waist and draped my arms over his shoulders, pulling his body close to mine. He slowly pushed about an inch into me, making me gasp and shiver. He waited for a few seconds and then pushed the rest of the way into me.

I locked my ankles together behind his tight ass and urged him on. He began slowly at first, gradually increasing his speed. I couldn't help but moan about the sensations he was creating, bringing an even bigger grin to his face.

As he was pumping harder into me, he moved down and started sucking on my neck, then worked his way down to my nipple. He gently sucked on it and then playfully bit it as he gave a hard thrust into me. I couldn't help but lean back and cry out.

He kept this up, and within minutes I felt my orgasm coming. I used my feet to pull him into me harder. When I did finally go over the edge, the pleasure was incredibly intense.

"Oh... god...Alex," I practically yelled in his ear. I felt my muscles clinching down on him hard and fast.

"That's... more... like it," he breathed into my ear with a devilish grin. With a few more thrusts I felt his orgasm come. He pushed into me harder as his body shook and he clung to me tightly. I ran my fingernails up his back lightly. When he was done and had caught his breath he leaned over and gave me a quick kiss.

"So was that everything you wanted?" I asked.

"And more," he told me. "So do you work again tomorrow night?"

"Yep, and I expect a repeat performance," I told him.

"I think I might manage that," he replied with a wink.