 [Background: Kate had accidentally found a good friend, Cassie, and another colleague, Jon, in a rather passionate session in a small office. Kate watched from the hallway and then decided to get a close-up view. Aroused, she fingered herself to orgasm. Kate then headed back to her own office.]

I walked down the hall towards my office in a dazed-and-confused haze. I had just participated in something outside my normal frame of reference, pushing against the bounds of a persona I'd honed in my profession, a persona that - I knew deep down - didn't fulfill me. Nope. I sighed as I thought about how I'd buried that fun (but responsible) girl I'd been in college - the sometimes Bad Girl. Yes, my current reputation was accurate: thoughtful, hard-working and committed teacher; an active, enthusiastic and dedicated coach; a respected, involved community member. Yes, I was someone ahead of her time, mature, savvy, and on top of life. I was also a good daughter, girlfriend, friend and neighbor. Yes, yes and yes. But for a long time I'd ignored the naughty part of me who liked to have fun, flirt, dirty-dance, get crazy, and just enjoy pleasure. 

There were a couple of reasons I had ignored that part of me: I was under-the-spotlight in town, an attractive teacher and I garnered attention - too much sometimes. Sometimes I felt like a scarlet "A" (or in this case a "T") was on my forehead. Couldn't I just have a beer without getting a double-look from some concerned parent (they were everywhere) sitting at a nearby table? Nope. And the other reason was my ex-fiancée, Chad, who crushed that naughty girl not with a solemn decree but over time. And I let him! Oh, there'd been a couple of times when we were lustful creatures together. But that had been as rare as asteroids hitting Earth. 

The reasons I had fallen in with Chad....hell, I didn't want to beat myself up about that again like I'd done night-after-night! No damn way. I shut that down quickly. 

In distraction (and with the guilt & excitement still bombarding me) I bumped against a couple of lockers during this self-diagnoses. Plus I was recovering from an intoxicated swirl of a purely animalistic sexual act that had toppled the walls on my semi-celibate life.

Did I really see "that" and do "that" a few minutes ago? Yes. And it was exciting and had stirred up a part of me shut down far too long, stored in the closet with unworn coats and boots. I wanted THAT back in my life in some way. Yes I did.

And what about Cassie? Damn. I felt a bit betrayed. She had something going; at least if getting banged on top of her desk was any indication! We had grown close since she separated and then divorced. We were Two Women Wronged and had other commonalities, enough to form a strong bond. But Cassie didn't tell me a thing about Jon! That hurt but she had a chance to explain.

And, shit, I forgot about getting the can of soda. And the radio, too. But I wasn't going back towards her office and I just wanted to sit down and regain my composure. I messed around with email and paperwork until Cassie finally showed up 20 minutes later.

Cass was all cleaned up and - had I not been watching in that front-row seat - I'd have never guessed she'd been fucked from stem-to-stern, ""Hey, Kate." was how she started the conversation entering my office.

I didn't react, looking up at her from my office desk chair. She bent down and gave me a kiss on the cheek. Then she sat in an old wooden chair I had rescued from storage. 

"I bet you want an explanation," she said. I answered in an affirmative, "Mmmmhmmm," while nodding my head. Looking into the parking lot I saw Jon get into his car, pull back, and take off. There was a palpable silence in the office.

Cass had my full attention. 

She spent ten minutes just talking. I sat and let the story unfold: She'd met Jon by accident while at the Chesterton Mall a month before. She was there looking for a dress to where as a chaperon for our school Winter dance. Yep, I remembered that day. They met in the store and stood chatting near some stylish kitchen small appliances. It was awkward at first but neither made up an excuse to move on. Then they ate lunch in the mall's food-court. The conversation over lunch turned into a dinner together. And, to make a long story short, four days later at her condo they "...did it, and I mean we did it like rabid, horny monkeys. It was incredible." She looked at me straight in the eye blushing a bit. 

Cass considered herself a carefree spirit but also careful and measured in making her decisions. But for some reason – though they had never flirted or really showed each other attention during a couple of years on the same faculty – there had quickly developed an intense physical and emotional connection. Cass confessed she was still reflecting upon it all, figuring things out, and remaining somewhat skeptical...but unable (or unwilling) to stop it either. It felt so good, so unbelievably good.

Jon had lit a fire and Cass admitted she was very ready on many levels for the flames. He listened to her. He was patient. And damned if he didn't turn her on like no man ever had. She giggled a bit as she said she'd pay him for the sex if she'd just have known how talented he was at pleasure! She shared things with Jon – intimate thoughts - that she had never told another person, even her ex-...heck, even herself. Cass told me that the newfound passion was addictive and unlike anything she'd ever experienced. She was sleeping more soundly than she had in months and then woke up thinking about him, too. But she couldn't tell anyone until she had it all "figured out" for herself. 

"Well, that option is gone. I'm in the loop now, Cassie!" I said with a laugh. I had sat listening intently since it felt like a confessional. But with the topic a hand it was more like a naughty late night drunk session, too. Except it was around noon now. On a Sunday! 

My feeling of betrayal dissipated. Cassie was not hiding me from the truth, she just wasn't sure what the truth really wasy. I understood. And now she'd have someone to share ideas with or to give her a reality-check. Me.

"Ok, Cassie. I get it. I really do. But how in the world did you end up...how can I say it?...doing it on your desk?" I didn't add – and how did I end up getting off while watching?

"Well, Jon and I were headed out of town to look at some antiques up in Oxnard County. You know those shoppes along the river road area? And we also were going to talk about our relationship, see how we both felt. It's hard to discuss when we're naked, ya know! So, we figured the drive would help. Then, we stopped here to pick up some papers. Uhhhh, well, we'd talked about some of our fantasies...and, oh hell Kate I'd always wanted to have sex on a desk. Any desk. On it. Under it. Over it. Jon surprised me today. First we just started kissing. Playing. No one was around. It was quiet. And...well, then you can see what happened from there..." She was looking down to the floor. She was still that quiet, some might say shy art teacher. 

Would I ever look at her the same way or remember her bent over the desk being penetrated by that glistening tool? No, probably not. But that's ok. I admired her for it.

Now it was my turn, "Oh, Cass, I'm sorry I interrupted the fun. I never, ever would have guessed what was going on."

"You musta liked it." she leaned forward, almost whispering it. 

"Ya, I did. It was hot. I mean absolutely sexy." "Thanks. Though we were both a bit shocked you also hit on another one of our fantasies, being watched. Jon told me he had some fantasies like that. You can see it didn't affect his performance!" We both laughed again at that. No it didn't.

"Cass, he is good. I was watching while he, uhhhh, while he fingered you. That was so erotic. I was there for quite awhile and I couldn't stop watching. I could have snuck away with no one the wiser."

"Yes, you could have. I kinda wondered about it but...I wasn't totally surprised when you decided to come in the room with us. We both spent a few months bursting at the seams for action." We had. We'd talked about it openly and shared mutual frustration.

"Cassie, this was a unique experience. I'll never forget it. To say the least. But now I'm super-horny. Fuck. You know what I mean. You have Jon. I'm still in a bit of a dry spell. Ya, I know it will end at some point – I'm not worried – but I'm tired of this slow period. I'm in my prime and I want some action." Cass reached out to hold my hand. Neither of us spoke for a few seconds.

She stood up and continued, using her nickname for me. "K, I'm gonna get going in a few minutes. I'm walking home and Jon is picking me up later to head out for the afternoon. But let me offer a suggestion: Jon's friend Austin is coming in next weekend. Austin is a cool guy. I've talked to him on the phone and the guy is cool. Before answering let me tell you about him and you can make a decision. First, it won't be a date – we're just going to hang at Jon's house next Friday night, play some games and relax. They'll tell war stories and I'll be listening closely to find out more about Jon – at least from his friend's perspective."

Then Cassie told me all about Austin. A couple of minutes later I agreed to show up that Friday night. What the heck? He sounded neat. And I could always leave if it wasn't working out. Ya, it could be interesting with an out-of-town guest with no expectations, no politics and no pre-conceived notions.

~

The first thing I did on Monday before classes started was go see Jon in his office. I knew it would be weird but it wasn't as bad as I thought. After a brief discussion we hugged and knew that it would be our little secret – ok, Cassie's too. Afterwards I rarely saw him the rest of the week since we were both so busy. And I didn't see much of Cass either.

And I had trouble focusing all week long. I'm not sure if all the students noticed but a couple of kids who were my better students asked if I was alright. It was nice and I assured them I was doing fine but appreciated their concern. I was terrible at small talk all week with my colleagues. I just couldn't hold a thought and I had the attention-span of a pencil.

Each night my dreams were filled with erotic thoughts, some of them crossing over the border to pure nasty images and scenarios. I felt like some randy college chick but, damn it, what was wrong with that? I deserved to feel those feelings.

Friday daytime was the worst. I just wanted to get home and get ready to go to Jon's house on the outskirts of town. I scampered out of school as soon as I could to prepare. At home I debated what to wear. It was a low-key evening so I went with the jeans I felt most comfortable and attractive in, a nice soft laced sweatshirt top, and my favorite pair of comfy shoes. I worked on my hair far too long – I took a long bath. I was getting revved up. I swore at myself for anticipating too much. I didn't even know if I'd like Austin and, even then, what the heck was going to happen? We didn't know each other – and I wasn't "that" kind of girl anyway!

Cass called to let me know that Jon had picked up Austin at the airport and they had arrived at the house. She quickly told me, "He's a tall drink of water. At least what I can see in some pictures. Girl, he's a hottie." We giggled as she hung up the phone.

A couple of hours later we were all sitting in Jon's comfortable living room area talking. I'd met Austin, gotten a tour of the house, did some small talk, snacked some, sipped some wine, and slipped away with Cass to a bedroom for girl chat – it was like some Spring Break: "Does he like me?", "How do I look?", "Wow, I love his hair. And his smile is infectious. Ain't it? Right?"

Later on Jon asked if we wanted to play some games. So, he brought out a stack of boxes. We played a couple of the games, drank some more wine and Jon made a couple of concoctions in his bar that he swore were his own inventions. I learned more about Jon and Austin's friendship since college, Austin's work at an economic think-tank in Washington, D.C. ("But I really want to build sailboats someday!"), his sailing exploits ("Feel my hands, you'll feel all the rope burns.") and a bit of his romantic background, too. 

The night was going fast.

And it ended when Austin said he was really getting tired, it'd been a long day with the travel and a flight delay. My heart dropped. It was midnight and I guess my dream of someone slipping a glass slipper on me – and rubbing my feet – was not going to happen. It had been a fun night but I had built up the possibilities too much. Damn.

Cassie escorted me out to the car after everyone had hugged me goodbye. I felt fine, I hadn't had much to drink in the last couple of hours, and I was ready to go. I started up the engine and just before driving off there was a tap at my window. It was Austin. I rolled it down.

"Hey, before you go I wanted to say how nice it was to meet you."

"Ya, you, too, Austin. I loved your stories. It was fun."

"Oh, I probably talked too much. I...uh...I was trying to impress you. It's stupid. I know. I...I was tired and you are as attractive as Jon said you were. Actually, more than he said."

I blushed and gulped, "Thanks. That's nice to hear and I don't hear it often."

"Well, that's a shame. Hey, I really am exhausted but I wanted to ask if you'd give me a tour of town tomorrow afternoon? Jon and I are doing some stuff in the morning but I'm available after 3 or 4pm if you aren't busy? You probably are busy. But I was just thinking...if not...well, I'll need a break from Jonny by then!" He laughed. 

I picked up Austin at 4pm then next day. We had decided to drive around and then have dinner wherever we ended up. It was fun. He was a gentleman, told me about himself, and really paid attention while I told him about my life. The time went so fast and I didn't want the evening to end.

Ok, here's where we ended up...in my house, on the couch at around 8pm. Or 8:30? I dunno. The lights were low and some music played lightly in the background. No, I hadn't planned on it but I didn't stop it either. Austin was a gentleman but I wasn't going to let him be a total gentleman. 

A couple of hours earlier at a restaurant in Wooster's Cove (just a few miles west) we had a couple of margaritas, ate but mostly picked at our food, and hit it off. It was so simple. No games. It was one of the more pleasant "non-dates" I ever had. I was giving him a tour of the area and of my life. He turned out to be sophisticated, self-deprecating, and well-informed on just about every topic. But he was not showing off or being obnoxious about it. And I liked his gentle confidence, too.

I made a decision that Austin was going to be the one to break me out of a too-long slump. I made a bold decision asking him to come into my house to have a "nightcap". I'd never used that term in my life – without the margaritas I might not have even said it - but I couldn't think of any other excuse.

So there we were on the couch making out like two college kids at a frat party. I was letting the Bad Girl take over for awhile. She'd been quiet too long and needed to get out and play! He was a great kisser. And his fingers found all of my favorite spots. Then I moaned when Austin's hand slid under my top; it felt soft against my skin. I helped remove my bra. Ah, that felt better. He then cupped my breasts, toyed around with his fingertips circling around my nipples. They hardened. We continued to French-kiss. 

It was sexy and I admit to being putty in his hands. Literally.

In one smooth move he removed my top and his mouth moved down to my heaving breasts. I ran my fingers through his soft, wavy hair, guiding him to feast on my tits. It had been far too long and damn it felt so, so good.

He bent down and wrapped his lips around my left nipple. His tongue swirled around the hard nub and it drove me so crazy. I sighed. I wiggled and squirmed. A warm sensation between my legs grew warmer as he took turns lavishing my nipples with his expert tongue and lips. 

When he lifted his head we kissed again; his fingers replaced his lips as he lightly pulled and manipulated my points. His mouth found the nape of my neck. His fingers, the palms of his hands, his lips, his tongue all were doing exactly what I liked. God, he was making me hot.

"Austin, let's take this to my bedroom. Now." He didn't even say a word but followed me as I reached back for his hand and pulled him along. Once there we started again. He laid me on my back, climbed over me, planting kisses from my lips, down the sides of my neck to my tits where he lingered awhile sucking on my nipples. He then worked his way down to my stomach to the waistband of my jeans. Without removing his lips from my body he slowly unbuttoned, unzipped and removed my jeans leaving me naked on the bed. If I were thinking at that point I suppose I could have guessed his hobby on sailboats made him good with sheets and fabrics...but I wasn't thinking too much.

I was wet and ready for anything. Anything. 

Skillfully Austin worked his way between my legs, kissing my inner thighs. I very willingly opened my legs wider for him, giving him better access. His kisses moved upward towards my wet pussy. I gasped and sucked in my breath the moment his tongue made contact with my wet pussy lips. 

Slowly Austin licked up and down my pussy for a few minutes before making contact with my ready-to-go clit. I squirmed as his tongue licked my hard clit and cried out in pleasure when he sucked on it. Fuck, he was so good at that. I was completely under his control at that moment. Whatever he wanted I was ready for it. He worked his fingers. Shoot, maybe Jon had taught him some tricks? Or maybe the other way around? 

Those thoughts went quickly by...I could barely think. I loved it. He kept working his fingers. I reached down and started stroking my clit in the circular motion with the pressure that always got me off when I was ready for it. With his lips and fingers...he was driving me to the brink of orgasm. He told me to keep working my clit. He told me he loved watching it and he kept doing his thing to me. Perfect combination.

"Ooh. Ooooh." I moaned and my hips were bucking up to meet my fingers, his fingers and tongue. "I'm...oh yes, I'm going to cum. That's right. Yes. Like that. Like that...."

He lifted his head and in a sexy voice said, "Ya, baby, you look so damned hot Kate. Do it. Do it. Come on, sexy lady."

Then he drove his tongue into my very wet pussy and starting pumping it in and out. I was frigging myself while he did that. I'd never experienced anything like it – and I thought I was experienced! 

I grabbed onto the sheets. Orgasmic waves rushed through my body as the juices flowed from my pussy. I was lost in that orgasm. It was even more powerful than the one I'd had while watching Cassie and Jon fucking like porn stars.

I finished that orgasm and laid there at rest; the life had been drained from me. I felt comfortable and satisfied. Mostly satisfied at least. Again, I wasn't thinking much, just feeling. Just feeling.

Austin moved up to me and lay beside me, stroking my hair. It was quiet. Whew, I was spent. But not completely.

A couple of minutes later I reached for the button on his jeans. Not a word was spoken. I finally unleashed his cock. It was semi-hard and beautiful. I asked him to stand up. Then I sat on the bed's edge and pulled him closer. Even in the dim light I could see it was a really gorgeous tool. I figured it would be; he was a handsome man and I loved his features. It was probably 7 or 8 inches long with a nice thickness; he was neatly trimmed and I loved the head of that cock, my favorite part. 

Unconsciously I licked my lips. I was ready for a meal I'd thought about far too often. With my right hand wrapped around his growing shaft I got busy.
