 Anatomy class with Mr. Jones was proving to be very educational on many levels.  After our first 'extra credit' meeting in his office, I returned to class on Monday.  I was curious to see if he treated me different or looked at me any differently after our meeting.  As you may have guessed he acted no different than before.  He was a Master of his emotions, only giving what he wanted and nothing more.  After lecturing 45 minutes he walked to his desk and pulled out some papers.

"Close your books now.   We are having a pop quiz on today's lecture."

You could hear the sighs in the room almost simultaneously.  

"I will find out who was listening and who was daydreaming."

He handed out the paper with 10 essay questions on it.  Diligently, I began answering the various questions, recalling parts of his lecture.  The last question surprised me...
10.	What do you feel would be an appropriate assignment for extra credit?

My eyes darted to him at his desk.  His eyes were waiting for me and bore deep into me when I looked at him.  After making his point he glanced back to his book.  How on earth was I suppose to answer this question?  I thought longer and harder on this question than all of the other 9 combined.  Several of the students started turning in their papers.  He told them class was dismissed after they turned in the quiz.  Glad for the reprieve, the students snatched up their backpacks with a smile, to leave for the day.  The girl beside me seemed as perplexed as me, but before long she rose to turn her paper in and leave.

Not wanting to be the last student in the room, I scrawled down an answer, gathered my belongings and walked to his desk.  I laid the paper face down on the pile and turned to leave.

"Ms. Smith."

I turned quietly, "Yes, Mr. Jones?"

"I need to see you after class."

"I thought class was over?"

"It is."

"Then talk to me now, I don't care if others know what my grades are."

He glared at me for speaking to him in this fashion.  "I will talk to you in private Ms. Smith.  It is our policy with reference to students grades."

"Can it wait until Wednesday?"

"No, if you leave now you will receive a DNF for this class."

The tension was very thick.  I wanted to scream and he knew it.  I threw my backpack on a desk and sat down to wait.  The last few students, who witnessed our interaction, completed their quizzes, turned them in and left.  He turned over the papers and sifted through until he found mine.  Scanning the paper he read my answers and marked them appropriately.  

"So you think giving me a diagram of a penis with all it's parts labeled would be appropriate for extra credit, Ms. Smith?"

"Yes Mr. Jones, that is my answer."

"You are a little smart ass, Ms. Smith."

"This is anatomy class Mr. Jones," I smirked.

"On Wednesday you will give an oral presentation to the class."

"About what?"

"You will explain, in detail, what the male reproductive organs go through from start to finish including ejaculation."

"You have to be joking."

"I assure you, I am not joking."

"That will be embarrassing, there are men in this class."

"As you so adeptly pointed out Ms. Smith, this is anatomy class."

"But I'm sure the guys in here will feel odd hearing a woman present this information."

"I'm sure the guys will do fine.  Matter of fact I'm sure of it because you are going to wear a short skirt and a blouse that shows your cleavage."

"No, I won't."

"Yes you will Ms. Smith, if you value your GPA."

"I don't own anything like that anyway."

"Good, I will look up your address and drop off what I want you to wear then."

"No, I will come up with something."
"Good, I will see you Wednesday Ms. Smith."

I sat there a moment, "That's it?"

"Yes, that's it.  You may go now."

"I thought maybe you wanted another extra credit session with me."

"We just discussed your extra credit.  You may leave now."

"I liked the other extra credit better."

He pushed away from his desk and stood.  Within moments he was beside me in a menacing fashion.  Taking hold of my hair he pulled my head back and looked down into my face to hiss,.  "You seem to forget that I am the teacher and you are the student."

After he released my hair, my eyes remained trained on him.  He uttered one more time, "You may leave now."

I left without saying another word.  What was it about this man?  He annoyed me, taunted me and soon would embarrass me in front of the entire class.  I walked to the bathroom to relieve myself.  My panties were soaking wet.  This teacher physically turned me on as much as he annoyed me.  How could this be?  I wiped my soaked pussy, disgusted with myself and left the bathroom.

I arrived on Wednesday as instructed, prepared to give my oral presentation.  I felt like a complete idiot in a short skirt and blouse.  Mr. Jones lectured for a while.  Glancing at the clock he told us to take a short break and return in 15 minutes.  I stepped out in the hall with the other students wondering when he was going to make me give my oral presentation for extra credit.  We returned to class, he finished lecture and dismissed us with our homework assignment for Monday.  

"Mr. Martinez, could you stay for a moment," he asked.

"Sure thing Mr. J."

"Thank you."

He walked toward me, "Report to my office when you leave, I will be there shortly."

When I left the classroom, I did as instructed and went to his office to wait.  I didn't give much thought to him stopping the Martinez kid.  He was young enough to be my son, even thought he was every bit a grown man.  Mr. Jones and Martinez arrived at his office together.  He unlocked the door, allowing us to enter with him.  I stepped to the back corner of the office unsure of what was happening.

"Mr. Martinez is going to listen to your oral presentation for extra credit."

"Does he know what it is about?"

"Of course, I informed him after class."

"Ok, how should I begin?"

"Just start your presentation."

I pulled out my paper and started to read about the male genitalia, as if it were an everyday occurrence.  Martinez started to rub his cock through his jeans.  Mr. Jones walked toward me and guided me to the desk, telling me to keep reading.  Again, I did as instructed.  He put his hands around my waist and lifted my ass up on the desk.  While I continued to read he took off my shoes, bent my legs at the knee and placed my feet on the desk as well.  

"...the spongy area becomes engorged with blood, causing an erection...., I recited.

Martinez eyes turned black with lust when Mr. Jones spread my legs on his desk.  

"She has done a very nice job on her report, don't you think so Martinez?"

"Yes Mr. J, she sure has.  I can feel myself engorged as she mentioned."

"Continue Ms. Smith, explain to Martinez what happens next."

I continued reading the report, telling everything that happens to the point of ejaculation, pausing quietly when I finished.  

"Martinez, did all the things in Ms. Smiths report happen to you?"

"Yes Mr. J, all of them but the ejaculation part."

"Why don't you take your cock out of your pants so we can do an anatomy experiment."

Martinez dropped his pants and stepped out of them.  One of his large hands was wrapped around a long, thick brown cock, stroking it slowly.  The surprised look on my face made Martinez laugh.  "You think because I'm short my cock would be as well?"

"No... well maybe."

Mr. Jones spoke again, "When you quit stroking do you feel the engorged feeling subside at all?"

"Somewhat Mr. J, but not entirely.  It's like I need to finish the process or something, like it's something I can't stop."

"Ms. Smith just look at what you have done to Martinez.  I think it's only fair that you allow him to finish."

I looked at Mr. Jones with a questioning eye, not sure what was expected of me.  He rose from his chair to check the lock on the door.  Martinez strode toward me.  With a quick move he pushed my panties aside with his fingers.

"Damn woman, you are soaked!"

I couldn't deny the fact that being in here with both of them did turn me on.  After I saw Martinez cock, I got even hotter.  Should I fight or give in, I wondered to myself.  I found myself glancing at Mr. Jones.  He did not utter a word but he offered me the answer to my dilemma.  A simple nod of his head told me what he expected.  I wrapped my arms around Martinez neck and pulled until my pussy was at the edge of the desk.  He shoved his brown cock deep inside my waiting pussy and began to pump away.  

"Damn, your pussy is so tight and hot inside!"

"Fuck me harder, give me that hard young cock," I hissed into his ear.

His hips bucked and ground into my pussy.  Oh how I wish I were 21 again and know what I know now, I thought to myself.  Mr. Jones stood and watched Martinez banging me on his desk.  His hand gently stroked an erection of his own through his dress slacks.  

"Pull your cock out and shoot your cum all over her panties Martinez."

"But damn Mr. J, I want to cum inside her."

"No, you will do as I say Martinez."

He continued to pound me, with all the stamina of a young stud.  Finally he reared back and pulled out of me.  My panties fell against my pussy, covering me again.  His hand grabbed his slippery cock and stroked it to finale.  With one final grunt his cum shot and landed square on the crotch of my panties.  Some dribbled onto the desk while some slid down my inner thigh.  

"Gather your things Martinez.  I will see you in class on Monday."

"Yes Sir, Mr. J, thank you."

Martinez glanced at me, "You are one hot lady Ms. Smith."

I smiled and lowered my eyes.  After Martinez left Mr. Jones walked toward me.  I had lowered my legs to sit on his desk, while the warm cum on my panties oozed all over.  

"Your report was very good Ms. Smith."

"Thank you Mr. Jones."

"You earned a few more extra credit points today."

"Do you know how much I hate you?"

"Yes I do."

"Then why are you doing this to me?"

"There is a fine line between love and hate."

"Not in this case, I really do hate you."

"Then explain why your pussy gets wet whenever you are near me."

"I can't explain it."

"I can."

"Oh, do tell."

"Perhaps another time.   It's getting late."

"No, please tell me."

He gave me that look again, "Do NOT push me Ms. Smith, lest I remind you who is the teacher and who is the student again?"

"No Mr. Jones, I think I get the picture."

"Good.  You are free to go now Ms. Smith."

I stood and took off the cum-saturated panties.  After wiping my pussy and inner thighs I tossed the panties into his chair as a final sign of indignation.  He did not say a word but just glared at me.  I stooped to pick up my backpack and found him upon me quickly.  His hand clenched my hair and pushed me to my knees in front of him.  Pulling my head back he looked down into my eyes.

"You are one of my better students, I am proud of you."

I had expected another reprimand but instead he praised me.  I have to admit it felt good.  He released my hair and told me to stand.  I grabbed the backpack and stood before him.  I saw something in his eyes that I could not discern, but something told me I was on the verge of finding out one of his weaknesses.  He realized it as well.  I knew he did because at that moment he turned away from me and said "Leave... now."

I wanted to stay but I knew I couldn't.  Something told me, without words, that I did not want to experience this mans wrath.  Pausing for a moment, I think he could read my thoughts.  Quietly he murmured again... "Now...

I left and closed the door behind me, wondering what class would be like on Monday.