 Ron Wilson paused by the entrance to the mall food court and surveyed the crowd. Not too bad, he thought, and he proceeded in. Deciding on Chinese food, he placed his order and paid. It was awkward carrying three shopping bags and balahincing the tray, but somehow he managed. He'd just picked out a vacant table and was maneuvering towards it when he heard his name.

"Mr. Wilson? Is that you Mr. Wilson?" He turned and saw a pretty young woman waving at him. He examined her, trying to place her. The face looked familiar, featuring big brown eyes and nice, full lips, all framed with gently waving golden brown hair that flowed over her shoulders and onto her back. She was medium height and wore faded blue jeans and a tee shirt that did a barely adequate job of concealing her attractive bosom while leaving an inch of her stomach exposed.

Jenny Roberts, he thought, finally able to match the face with a name. Jenny had been a student of his 3 years ago at the local high school. A bright young lady, he recalled. Lots of potential, and the personality to go with it.

Managing a smile, the 45 year old teacher began moving through the crowd in her direction. "Hi Jenny, it's good to see you," he said when he finally reached her.

"I thought that was you, Mr. Wilson," she smiled. He stood awkwardly for a moment, carefully balancing his tray and the shopping bags. "Here, let me help you," she said, reaching for his tray. "You can join me for a bit, can't you?"

"Sure, I'd love to," he answered as he set the bags down and took off his coat. When he finally got settled into his chair, he smiled. "So, doing a little Christmas shopping?" he asked, pointing at the pile of shopping bags she had already accumulated.

"Yep, just finished," she answered. "So what have you been up to, Mr. Wilson?"

"Pretty much the same old stuff," he shrugged. "How about you?"

They ended up talking for about 30 minutes, mostly about her -- college, boy friends, work, etc. She was in the first semester of her third year at the local university. She'd lived in the dorm her first two years, even though her parents lived less than 15 miles from school. This year her and her girl friend -- "you remember Cindy Young don't you?" -- had gotten a small apartment off campus, right in the heart of the "student ghetto." She had a boyfriend, but it wasn't really serious.

Finally, Jenny looked at her watch. "It's getting late. I'm supposed to call my girlfriend for a ride home. If I don't catch her soon, she's likely to disappear for the evening."

"I live over towards the university. I'd be happy to give you a ride home," Ron offered.

"Thanks Mr. Wilson. That's so sweet. But I wouldn't want to impose."

"It's no imposition at all, really."

"Well, if you're sure you don't mind, that would be great," she smiled.

Two minutes later they had their coats on, the bags organized and were heading for the mall exit.

* * *

"Well here we are," Jenny said, pointing at the apartment building in front of them.

Ron pulled into a parking space and put the car in park.

"I hate to impose any more than I already have," Jenny said. "But would you mind giving me a hand with the bags?"

"Not at all." He grabbed some bags and followed her up the stairs, waiting patiently by her apartment door while she fumbled through her purse for the keys.

"Just put the bags on the kitchen table, Mr. Wilson," Jenny said when she finally got the door open. He followed her into the kitchen and did as instructed.

"Let me take you coat," she smiled. "Can I get you a drink?"

"I really shouldn't stay," Ron said, suddenly uncomfortable at the prospect of being alone with an attractive former student in her apartment.

"Of course you should stay. You don't have any urgent plans, do you?"

"No, I don't," he admitted. "Okay, but I can't stay long."

"Great," she exclaimed. "Have a seat on the sofa. Would you like something to drink? A Coke? Beer?"

"A Coke would be great," he responded as he moved towards the sofa.

He settled onto the sofa while she poured the drinks. "Would you like to see the things I got?" she asked as she brought in the drinks.

"Sure, I'd love too."

"Great." She set the drinks down on the end table and rushed back to the kitchen, returning with the shopping bags in hand.

"I got this for Mom," she said, pulling out a beautiful, ornate music box. "She's really into things like this. Do you think she'll like it?

He looked at the box. "It's beautiful. I'm sure she'll love it."

She put the music box down and went to the next bag. "This is for dad. He's a real golf nut." She pulled out a sweater with a golfer on the front.

"Well," Ron said. "If he's into golf, he'll love that."

She proceed to show him the CD she got for her brother, and the blouse she got for her girlfriend.

"There's one more thing, Mr. Wilson," she said. "It's for my boyfriend, but I'm not sure he'll like it. I could sure use a man's opinion. Would you mind?"

He shrugged his shoulders and smiled. "Of course not."

"Great," she said as she jumped to her feet. "I'll be right back." She grabbed the last bag and disappeared into the bedroom.

He sat patiently, surveying the living room while he waited. It was a good size room -- for an apartment -- and decently furnished. Nothing about it really stood out, other than the fact that it was very clean. Definitely not the apartment of a college boy, he chuckled.

It was another couple of minutes before he heard the bedroom door opening. "Ready or not," she cried.

Not!!!

He was definitely not ready for what he saw. He was certain he was staring, mouth hanging open. But a white satin robe that barely reached below her buttocks, open in front to below her cleavage, with a delicate sash holding it loosely together, was not what he expected!

He tried to say something, but nothing came out. So he stared at her, mesmerized.

"Do you think my boyfriend will like it?" she cooed as she twirled slowly before him.

Finally able to pull his eyes away from her body, he looked into her eyes and nodded, his confusion obvious.

She laughed lightly and slid onto the sofa beside him, her legs curled up under her. She placed her hand lightly on his chest. "Oh poor Mr. Wilson. Didn't you realize that I had a crush on you in high school?"

He shook his head almost imperceptibly. "I should be leaving now," he said, finally finding his voice.

"No, wait," she said suddenly. "I almost forgot the best part of the present." She raised quickly to her knees and lifted her left leg over his lap. She faced him, straddling his legs, her barely covered body just a foot in front of him. "The panties," she said seductively.

She moved her hands slowly to the sash while he could only sit there in disbelief, still not comfortable with what was happening. She untied the sash and let the ends fall free, holding the garment together with her hands. The next thing he knew, he was staring at her naked breasts as the robe slid gently down her arms and onto the floor.

He knew he was staring, but he couldn't help it. Her beautiful, naked breasts were only 12 short inches from his face, rising and falling with each breath she took, their nipples pointing excitedly towards him.

"The panties, Mr. Wilson," she giggled. "You're supposed to be looking at the panties."

But he continued to stare, barely aware that she'd spoken.

"Mr. Wilson," she said again, firmer this time. Grudgingly, he tore his eyes from her bosom and looked into her eyes.

"The panties, Mr. Wilson."

He lowered his eyes to her panties, what there was of them. They were white, lacy things with barely enough material in front to cover her obviously trimmed pussy. The sides were nothing more than fancy laces, tied together on each side in bows.

"They tie, Mr. Wilson. Like this." And she grabbed an end on each side and pulled until the bows came untied. Slowly, she pulled the garment through her legs and held it up in front of him.

"Well, do you think he'll like them?"

Speechless, mesmerized, paralyzed. They all described Ron Wilson's state at the moment as he sat with a naked young woman hovering before him. Somehow he managed to nod his head, not really sure what he was agreeing with.

She dragged the damp panties slowly over his face and released them, leaving them draped over his head. "Can you smell me, Mr. Wilson? Can you smell what you've done to me?"

He closed his eyes and breathed in the scent of her aroused womanhood, afraid to speak, afraid to shatter the illusion.

"Well, what do you plan to do about it?" she challenged.

But still, he just sat there, waiting.

Finally, she sighed. "Am I going to have to do everything, Mr. Wilson?" Without waiting for the answer she knew wasn't coming, she removed the panties from his head and stuffed them into his shirt pocket. "Those are for you," she smiled as she took hold of his hands and raised them to her breasts. She pressed the hands against her, until she felt them responding on their own.

The fog was clearing slowly for Ron Wilson, but it was clearing. What had to have been an illusion --a dream -- was gradually reforming into reality. And the reality was that there was a naked young woman nearly 25 years his junior straddling his lap, and his hands were holding her tits.

"Jenny, I . . ." he stuttered.

"Yes, Mr. Wilson?"

He wanted to tell her how he still looked at her as his student, and about the emotional turmoil he was going through. He wanted to tell her that he was flattered, but he just couldn't stay. But what he said was nothing, as he leaned forward slowly and took a nipple in his mouth.

"Oh yes, Mr. Wilson," Jenny sighed as she ran her fingers through his hair.

He massaged her breasts gently as he sucked on first one nipple, then the other. As his confidence grew, his teacher-student phobia faded and the intensity of his massages grew.

Jenny could feel the fires deep within her burning fiercely. From the moment she'd seen Mr. Wilson at the mall, the feelings had been building, until the teenager's crush she thought she'd long outgrown gripped her body. Sitting beside him in the car, unable to touch him, had been almost more than she could bear. And now he was holding her, massaging her breasts, kissing them, biting them.

She lowered her head so her hair was cascading over them both and pulled him harder against her, moaning as he bit down gently on her excited tips. And then slowly, grudgingly, she pushed him away and climbed to her feet.

Ron allowed his eyes to drink in the beauty of the young woman standing before him, still not completely certain he wasn't dreaming. For several moments, Jenny just stood there, allowing his eyes to wander freely. Then without a word, she reached for his hands and pulled him to his feet. She released his hands, turned, and headed towards the bedroom.

Mr. Wilson held his position as she walked away, his eyes drawn instinctively to her exquisite ass. It wasn't until she disappeared into her bedroom that he was able to move. For an ever so brief moment, he thought about leaving. But then he smiled. Who was he kidding? Jenny Roberts had been one of the prettiest girls in school. Even an old-fart teacher could see that. And all she'd done in the three years since he'd seen her last was get prettier -- and much, much sexier.

The next thing he knew, his feet were moving, carrying his aroused body towards her bedroom. He entered the room and saw her lying on the bed, her body illuminated by the soft light of the nightstand lamp. He looked down on her, watching as one hand wandered slowly over her bosom and the other hand moved gently between her legs.

There eyes met as his own hands began unbuttoning his shirt. Soon the shirt was lying on the floor. He quickly kicked off his shoes as his hands began working on his belt. A moment later Ron was sliding his pants down his legs and onto the floor. He bent over, quickly removed his socks and stood back up. The two stared at each other, Ron at the exquisite young beauty lying before him, stroking her already aroused body, and Jenny at the 8 inch erection standing up proudly before him.

Jenny spread her legs wide as he knelt between them. He leaned forward, carefully supporting his weight on his arms as he stretched his body over hers. And then slowly, he lowered himself onto her.

She wrapped her arms around him as their lips met, their tongues diving passionately into each other's mouth. And he felt her legs wrapping around him and her pussy gyrating against him.

And then she rolled him over so she was on top, their lips never separating. He ran his hands through her hair, before allowing them to wander over her back and down to her ass. He grabbed her cheeks, massaging them as she rubbed her body against him.

And then she pulled her lips away slightly and looked into his eyes. Their lips came together again briefly, but their eyes never closed. And then Ron smiled deviously as he rolled her onto her back and began sliding down her body.

He took hold of her tits, one in each hand, and squeezed them roughly. "Oh, yes, Mr. Wilson," Jenny moaned as she squirmed beneath him. She grabbed the back of his head as he lowered his mouth to her nipples, encouraging him to continue. His mouth bounced back and forth between the beautiful mounds, licking them, kissing them. And when his teeth bit down on Jenny's left nipple, she gasped, arching her back to offer him even more encouragement.

Reluctantly, Ron's mouth left her bosom. He slid further down her body, kissing her ribs and the top of her stomach while his hands still worked her breasts. He slid lower, kissing her stomach and bellybutton, before finally allowing his hands to abandon her tits.

And then he was there, poised above her wanton pussy, holding her legs spread wide with his hands.

"Oh, yes, Mr. Wilson. Please eat my pussy." Ron looked up briefly to see Jenny's hands squeezing the same breasts that his had so recently abandoned, before he redirected his attention to her pussy. He spread her lips to uncover her clit before carefully lowering his mouth to the swollen bud.

"Oh, yes!" Jenny gasped as she felt his tongue dancing over her love button. She squirmed beneath him, trying to make herself even more available. She nearly came on the spot when he closed his lips over the magic button.

When her teacher shifted his position and inserted two fingers from his right hand into her flowing pussy, her hands grabbed his head, pulling him even closer. He began pumping his fingers into her lovebox, slowly at first, but gradually picking up the pace. He could hear the animal-like moans coming from her mouth as he continued sucking her clit while he pounded her pussy.

And then suddenly her body stiffened, her back arching off the bed. She pulled his mouth hard against her while her thighs clamped down on his head. And then she came, her juices oozing out of her pussy as her body shook. And then she came some more.

When her body finished shuddering, she relaxed her grip, finally allowing him up. He slid over her leg and crawled up the bed until he was on his side lying beside her. For a while she lay on her back, her breathing still heavy. When she finally calmed down, she rolled onto her side facing him.

"That was very good, Mr. Wilson," she smiled, her hand reaching for his still erect cock. "Can I have some more, please?"

She ran her fingers gently up the underside of his cock before allowing them to encircle his girth and begin stroking him slowly. All the while, her eyes never left his. After several seconds she pushed him slowly onto his back, bending over so her head was hovering over his manhood. She lowered her mouth to his meat, her hair falling onto his stomach. She kissed his cock gently, circling it with her tongue. And then she carefully eased him into her mouth and grabbed his balls.

She heard him gasp as she bobbed her head slowly up and down while continued to massage his balls gently. And then she lifted her head and looked at him. "I hope you don't mind too much if I finish this later Mr. Wilson," she cooed, giving him one more squeeze before letting him go completely and sitting up. "But I've got something else in mind at the moment."

She eased one leg over his torso so she was hovering over his erection, grabbed it with her hand, and guided it slowly to her pussy. "You don't mind, Mr. Wilson, do you?" she said as she lowered herself onto his waiting meat.

Ron could only gasp and shake his head as her moist, hungry pussy surrounded his cock.

"I didn't think so," she teased as she sank fully onto his meat. She reached out and took hold of his nipples, twirling them lightly between her fingers as she began gyrating her pussy on his cock. She released his nipples and leaned forward until her head was inches from his and her hair was cascading around them. She kissed him lightly on the lips, retreated a bit, and then returned for another quick peck, all while she continued gyrating herself on him, squeezing his meat with her pussy.

The feeling of her breasts rubbing lightly over his made his body shiver. And when she slowly lifted herself upward, his hands shot immediately for the beautiful orbs. He heard her moan in response as he squeezed her tits, massaging them, kneading them. But when he pinched them, she yelped, grabbing his hands and pushing them to the bed beside his head, leaving her head hovering a foot or so above his.

She held him down while she pounded her pussy on his meat. Her eyes were on his as he watched her breasts bouncing wildly beneath her. She continued pumping him, grinding herself on him. And she continued to hold him down.

Ron was mesmerized by this young woman who was throwing herself at him in a way that no woman ever had. He looked into her eyes and knew she was getting close. He began thrusting his cock upward to meet her pussy. He closed his eyes, continuing to throw his meat at her while her hair danced around his face. And then he felt her body tensing up as her thrusts became more chaotic, more desperate. He felt her juices flowing as she screamed out. And with several desperate thrusts of his own, he came with her, mingling his juices with hers.

And then it was over. Jenny stayed where she was, straddling her former teacher with his meat still buried in her pussy and her torso still leaning forward, pinning his hands by his head. They both gasped for air, never taking their eyes off each other, until they finally began to calm down.

At last, Jenny smiled, and then began giggling. "How'd I do, Mr. Wilson? Did I get an 'A'?"

Then it was Ron's turn to laugh. "Oh, yes. That was definitely A-plus work" he smiled.

Jenny smiled, released his hands and eased her body down onto his, making sure to rub her breasts against his. "How about some extra credit?" she whispered into his ears.