 Julie was 19 years old when we met in the early 80s. I was in my 30's. 

She was willowy and elegant with beautiful light brown skin, a great benefit from her Portugese and African heritage. Her 100 pound body was topped off with silky dark brown hair that nearly reached her narrow waist. Her breasts were small but very firm and needed no support from a bra. Without a bra, her nipples made a definite impression on her blouse, and me.

I met Julie and her boyfriend, Mike, while they were attending a trade convention in central Africa. They were with some good friends of mine, so I joined them. It transpired that Julie was the daughter of a guy I knew professionally and her boyfriend Mike worked for her father. We were soon joined by other friends as we mingled and chatted in the reception area. 

As evening approached, we were all tired and hungry. The group agreed to meet at a local restaurant when I noticed Mike and Julie were acting uncomfortably. I pulled them off to the side as we walked to our cars and asked what was bothering them. They were reluctant to say anything at first, but Julie finally admitted they couldn't afford to go to dinner. Only Mike was working, and his job as a mechanic didn't pay a wage that allowed them the luxury of eating out at expensive restaurants. 

I was by no means rich, but in relative terms as an expatriate, I had a decent job, a company house and a few dollars to spend. Having been nearly broke myself when their age, I insisted they join the group of friends for dinner as my guest, my treat and to be kept between us only. 

It was Julie who convinced Mike to accept. Mike and Julie seemed like a very friendly couple, especially Julie. At that point in time, nothing other than being friendly had crossed my mind. They were much younger than most of the group and although Julie was stunning, she was too young for me to even consider as a target for any lustful intent. 

We had a great time at dinner, so I suggested we do dinner again soon. We exchanged numbers and parted with hand-shakes all around. The following Friday night, a date cancelled on short notice due to illness. On the spur of the moment, I called the number for Mike and Julie. Julie answered. I asked if they would like to go our for dinner and a drink on me. 

Julie immediately accepted and gave me their address, so I told her I'd be there in about an hour. I had barely got into the drive of a set of two storey apartments, when Julie came bounding out and practically jumped into my front seat. 

She was dressed in a short black skirt that hugged her hips and a pale pink V-neck blouse that showed off her pert breasts. Again, she wore no bra. Her nipples were already rudely pointing through the thin fabric of her blouse, which took some effort on my part to ignore! Bare legs and low heels finished her attire. She looked and smelled delicious. What a knockout! 

"Where's Mike" I asked, looking toward the entrance to the apartments. 

"Working!" she replied.

"Do we need to pick him up?" I asked.

"No! He had to go up north to rescue some truck that has broken down in the middle of nowhere and he probably won't be back until tomorrow. He's always having to dash of somewhere at a moment's notice." 

A broad grin spread across her face as she spoke. This was one of her father's apartment and Mike still lived at home with his parents in another suburb.

"So, where are we going?" she asked.

I told her I thought we might grab a bite to eat and go to a nightclub I knew. They had a great all girl reggae band. 

"Good. I like reggae music" offered Julie.

As we pulled out of the drive, she slid over next to me and kissed my cheek. Since she was somewhat young, that sort of startled me, but not for long. Her hand soon found its way onto my thigh while her other hand was up the back of my seat stroking the back of my neck. I reciprocated with the familiarity and began rubbing her arm. 

After getting past the initial shock and a feeling of awkwardness at the age difference, I decided that I would let her make all the moves since she was the one who was so much younger and had a boyfriend. When we pulled into the car park of the restaurant and stopped in an empty space, Julie turned slightly in her seat, leaned her head on my shoulder and pulled my hand to her breast.

As I gently caressed her breast through her blouse, she spoke in a lowered voice and explained how attractive she found me and, especially, she felt really excited that a mature man would be interested in her.

Her breast was small and round, about the size of a ripe orange and a nice hand full. Her nipples were soon very hard. They were sticking out like the little erasers that you get on the end of pencils. They seemed to be trying to punch holes in her blouse. 

During dinner, Julie told me Mike had been her first and only lover and they had not been getting along for some time. She said he hadn't touched her in over two months. He had told her he was too tired from working to make love to her. She suspected he had a girlfriend. I decided Mike must have been some kind of idiot to ignore such a gorgeous creature like Julie, and I told her so.

We got to the nightclub just as the band was beginning to play. I ordered my typical Brandy and Coke and she ordered a Gin and Tonic. Julie really liked to dance. During the slow numbers, she cuddled closely and firmly ground her pussy into my thigh. She soon had my cock straining to be free. She seemed to melt as I grabbed both ass cheeks and squeezed hard. It was getting more and more difficult to remember she was still a teenager.

When she had consumed half of only her second drink, I found myself practically dragging her around the dance floor. Only then did I find out she didn't drink. 

I told her we needed to get her home. She only smiled. With Julie nearly passed out in my lap, the ride home wasn't nearly as much fun as it had promised to be. In order to get her into her apartment, I had to prop her against the wall, hold her there with my shoulder between her tits, an arm around her waist, and fish her keys from her handbag with my free hand. Thankfully, her apartment was on the ground floor!

As we got in her door, her legs decided they had gone as far as they were going to go. I carried her to her bed, undressed her, covered her, and gave her a soft goodnight kiss. I couldn't help but grab an eyeful as she lay there in a pair of black satin panties, until I slid the cover over her. She was absolutely stunning! Smooth light caramel skin with not one mole or blemish that I could observe.

As I exited her bedroom I heard her stir.

"Aren't you going to stay?" Julie mumbled.

I told her I'd love to, but she was in no condition to make such a decision. I told her I'd call in a few days and left.

Monday evening, the 'phone rang. It was Julie. She apologised for not telling me she didn't drink and said she didn't remember too much of the ride home. She said she wanted to go out again. I agreed. Only this time there would be no drinking.

The following night she rang again to say Mike was away the next day (Wednesday) again for another overnight stay.

I picked Julie up at about 7:00 PM Wednesday evening. She was wearing a short black cocktail dress with a round neck at the front and a deep vee that went to her lower back. No bra, as was the norm.

This time she wore stockings and black patent high heeled stiletto court shoes. Her hair was pulled into a ponytail. What a sight! My cock started to respond almost immediately.

We had a nice dinner at a local steakhouse, caught a movie, and ended at my home for a coffee. The coffee never got made.

As soon as we entered my door, she kicked off her shoes and began removing her dress. This little lady was hot and wanted to fuck now! She said she wanted to make up for our last date.

I asked if she had ever stripped to music.

"No" she said, "but it sounds like fun."

While I put on the music, Julie re-fastened the zipper up the back of her dress and put on her shoes. When the music started, she told me to sit on the couch and not touch her until she said it was OK. She began swaying to the music and slowly unzipped her dress again. 

Julie was a natural stripper. As her dress fell away, she squeezed her tits together and pinched and pulled her nipples. Her perfectly pert breasts were small but rounded, with puffy areola topped by a pair of brown nipples that pointed upwards. They were almost as hard as my cock. 

She was then swaying in front of me in nothing but the smallest of silky bikini panties, black stockings with elasticated lace tops (with no suspender belt unfortunately!) and her stiletto's. I made note of the outline of her womanhood through her panties and noted that the crotch of her panties was soaked with her juices.

A few brief strokes to her pussy with her flattened hand and the panties were quickly removed. Julie was absolutely beautiful. Her pussy was covered with very fine hair, and it almost seemed hairless. 

She had tested my patience by not letting me touch her until she was completely naked. I had nearly gone nuts wanting to reach out and grab her. She slowly turned, came to stand in front of me and looked down into my eyes.

"I'm yours! Do what ever you want with me" she stated flatly.

It was my turn to drive her crazy. From my seated position, I reached out and softly held her by her slender hips. Her whole body was so soft and smooth. Pulling her to me, I gently planted a kiss at the top of her pussy lips. She spread her legs, held the back of my head and pulled my mouth to her pussy. A single long lick of her entire slit brought a sharp gasp from Julie. 

She breathlessly told me that Mike had never kissed her there!

"Baby, you're in for the best night of your life, if you'll let me do what I want to do to you" I told her.

"Do anything you want!" she gasped.

With that I scooped her into my arms and carried her to my bedroom. I gently laid her on my bed, undressed and joined her. I began by gently kissing her mouth and stroking her tits. Her nipples, already erect, became even harder. I moved down to suck her tits. As Julie began to make low moans, I started lightly nipping and pinching her nipples. As her moans got more pronounced, I pinched and pulled harder and rolled her nipples between my thumb and fingers. In further response, she raised her chest toward my hands. 

As I lie next to her sucking her left tit, my left hand stroked the flat belly on its way to her pussy. Another sharp gasp came from her as I stroked up and down her hot wet slit. Just as I came in contact with her clitoris for the first time, she had an orgasm. 

Julie was obviously one of those women who had quiet orgasms. She stiffened, pulled her legs together, thrust her pussy up to my hand and hugged me tightly as a long, soft moan came from deep within her. As she relaxed a minute, I told her it was OK to let her feelings out and make noise if she felt like it. 

My hand was still at her pussy and resumed stroking up and down. Soon, I let a finger, then two, slide inside her hole. She was very tight. Maybe she had been ignored too much lately. As my fingers worked their way into her tight hole, my thumb found her clitoris and began massaging it. 

Julie started tensing again, and I rubbed her swollen bud a little harder, this time delving with a curled middle finger to rub her g-spot. Her second climax hit much harder than the first. She began bucking like a wild woman and cried out for more. I again let her relax for a minute. She said she had never cum twice in one night and never so hard. A large smile crossed her face when I told her the night had only just begun...

I then moved down and began kissing and licking her soaking pussy. I cupped both ass cheeks and lifted her to give me a better angle for my tongue to penetrate her pussy. My tongue worked in and out of her until her third orgasm began to build. When my mouth moved to licking and sucking her clitoris, my fingers re-entered her pussy. Just as she began bucking wildly, I pulled my fingers out of her pussy and found her asshole. 

She went wild when I slid my index finger in only to the first knuckle. A second knuckle entered her and Julie was screaming.

"Oh shit, fuck, eat me, more, more!"

As Julie came and thrust her pussy up to me, the whole finger slipped into her ass as I licked and sucked greedily at her sodden cunt, delving my tongue into her and nibbling her cunt lips up and down. As she came down, Julie said she needed to rest just a bit. 

As we cuddled and talked, she admitted she liked my finger up her ass, but wanted me to be careful. She told me Mike had never eaten her, nor had he ever touched her asshole. All he ever did was finger her until she was wet, climb on, hump until he came, and roll off. She seldom had a orgasm.

I moved up beside her and held her tightly. She began stroking my rock hard cock. At six and a half inches, I'm not the biggest dick in the gym, but Julie said I was bigger than Mike, especially in thickness. She was amazed she had cum three times and I hadn't even put it in her yet!

As Julie continued to stroke me, I started feeling that familiar stirring in my balls. I told her she needed to stop or I'd cum in her hand. I reached for her pussy but she said she still needed a little time.

"Do you like to suck cock?" I asked flatly.

"I've never done it, but I'll try. Tell me what to do" she responded. 

This beautiful, 19 year old woman had never even given a blowjob!

I had her slide down my belly to where she was laying with her lips nearly touching the swollen head of my cock. I very gently pushed her down and told her to kiss and lick the top of cock. She did. She licked up the drop of ooze that was gathered at the tip of my cock and softly kissed me. I told her to open her mouth and take a little of it in and suck. Without hesitation she took about two inches of me into her mouth and started sucking. Julie was the perfect student. She did everything I told her without question. As I continued to instruct her, she began bobbing up and down on my raging hard-on. She was licking the shaft and head with every up-stroke and was soon hitting the entrance to her throat on the down-stroke. I could feel her tongue gently grating along the underside of my swollen glans and I was going to burst.

I had her shift her position so she was laying on top of me in the classic 69 position. With my cock in her mouth and her pussy at my face, I resumed eating her still tight pussy. When I warned her I was about to cum, she didn't say a word. She just took me in as far as she could and sucked harder. She was holding my cock at the entrance to her throat. I was too busy eating her sweet pussy to give any more warnings.

As I shot my first spurt, she jerked up about an inch, but went right back down and sucked even harder. She held right there for the second spurt. 

In my lust, I instructed her.

"Take it down your throat baby." 

She gamely tried but just couldn't do it. She held me deep in her mouth until she sucked out every bit of my cum and swallowed it all. I had continued eating her and with my tongue as deep in her pussy as I could get it, she quickly had her fourth orgasm. This one was a little quieter than the last one. She merely ground her pussy into my face and grunted with each thrust of my tongue. Of course, it is difficult to scream when there's a cock in deep your mouth!

It was my turn to need rest. After a bit of a break, cuddling and kissing, I again began petting Julie's pussy. She soon spread her legs wide. I crawled between them and resumed eating her. My licks became longer and lower. I pushed her legs up to where her knees were next to her tits and she grabbed the backs of her knees and held them there. 

While eating her pussy, I lubed up a finger with her pussy juices. As she built toward another orgasm, I slipped a finger all the way into her pussy. Without warning, I removed my finger and moved my tongue from her pussy to her virgin asshole. A couple of licks and I drove my tongue into her asshole. 

Julie was near cumming again. Julie's asshole was too tight to fuck with just her own juices. I keep a tube of lubricant and condoms in the drawer next to my bed. I don't think Julie noticed when I reached for the lube. A generous glob of lube was put in and around Julie's tight asshole. I carefully massaged her sphincter to help it relax. All the while, I was eating her pussy. By that time, she was thrashing around and bucking up and down as she rapidly approached her next orgasm. 

I grabbed a condom, slipped in on and lubed my cock. Then lowered her legs a bit and lined up to invade her pussy with my cock. One long slow thrust buried my shaft to the hilt. I held there for a bit enjoying a very tight pussy. As I began stroking in and out, Julie began humping back.

Soon, she brought her legs down and wrapped them around my waist. She was cumming again. I held tight into her depths as she thrashed beneath me. 

I was trying to not cum. As her orgasm subsided, I resumed stroking her pussy. Damn she was still tight. I pulled her legs back up and stuck a finger back into her asshole. Julie's eyes were somewhat glazed and nearly closed. A wide smile covered her face. Slowly I pulled out of her pussy and aimed my cock at her asshole. Thanks to the liberal lube and both our juices, it took just a little pressure and the swollen head of my cock popped into her virgin asshole. 

Julie's eyes sprung wide open. She tensed with the initial entry, but she soon relaxed as I held still.

"All right?" I asked.

"Yes! Don't stop!" she gasped.

With that, I ever so slowly sank my rigid cock into her no longer virgin asshole. A couple of quivers and a grimace or two were the only adverse reactions Julie had. When I was fully in her ass, I held still while she relaxed. 

The stroking began slowly at first. As I sped up, Julie started grunting and moaning every time I drove into her. She pulled her legs up further allowing me deeper penetration into her asshole. 

After a few strokes, I was hammering into Julie's ass as hard as I could. Thank God I had shot off a huge load earlier. I never would have lasted past the first strokes into her hot tight ass. It seemed to be sucking me in every time I pulled back. 

She then reached down, grabbed her ass cheeks, spread them wide, and started yelling.

"Yes! Fuck me harder! Fuck my ass! Oh God! I'm cumming again!"

As Julie came, so did I. I must have filled the condom with the biggest load of cum I'd ever had. I seemed to cum and cum. When we settled down, I pulled out of her ass and gave her a few more licks on her pussy. She just laid there holding her legs up and panting. 

Slowly, she lowered her legs and put her feet on my back. As I kissed her thighs, I noticed her asshole was still slightly open with a little cum dribbling out.

After resting, talking, and cuddling a while, we shared a shower and dressed. Julie told me she didn't know it was possible to cum so hard, so many times, in so many ways. I told her having the right partner makes it easy. 

I got Julie home about an hour before midnight. She gave me a passionate kiss as she stepped out into the warm night and skipped to her apartment.

I saw Julie a couple of times after that and she split with Mike. Last time I tried to contact Julie, the phone had been disconnected. I heard that Mike had quit his job a week earlier and no one knew where they had gone or if they were together. I wondered how long it was before Julie insisted someone eat her pussy or fuck her in the ass again. I wish her the best.

To Mike, and all the other men who ignore their women; if you don't take care of them, someone else will. It doesn't matter if they're young and gorgeous like Julie, or just another average, middle-aged, wife. She is appealing to someone. Maybe me!