 When Lisa came into the living room where I was and saw my stiffening cock she said, are you ready for more? I replied, let's head into the shower, I am all sweaty from before, then we will see if I am ready for more. Thankfully the shower was big enough for both of us. I adjusted the water temperature to a nice warm level, grabbed a washcloth and Lisa and stepped in. Lisa had a washcloth too, but she also had nipples that were hard and sticking out from her tremendous tits. I was getting harder by the minute. 

I lathered up my washcloth and began washing Lisa's great body. I started with her back, remembering her sensitive shoulders and neck, and worked my way down to her butt cheeks. I lovingly washed them and in between them causing a mild reaction from Lisa. I then did the back of her thighs, bent over and washed her calves. I told her to give me a foot to wash so she lifted one up for me. I carefully washed the sole of her foot, underneath her toes and around her ankles. I was looking for a reaction other than being ticklish. There was no reaction so I put the foot down and Lisa picked the other one up for me. 

I stood up and turned Lisa around and gave her a huge French kiss. My cock had gotten rock hard while I was washing her and I had to give her a kiss. I carefully ran my washcloth around her face, neck and ears, getting them nice and clean. I could barely restrain myself from grabbing her tits and pussy, but held back. I was enjoying this ritual and could tell Lisa was too. When I finished with her head I washed her shoulders and the tops of her breasts. I stopped to re-soap the cloth. I got a look of disappointment from Lisa. I kissed her again to make up for her look. I gently massaged those wonderful tits with my washcloth. The tops, the undersides and especially the nipples, all got a great deal of attention from me and the cloth. I eventually had to leave her breasts and head downward to her stomach and lower abdomen. When I got to her pussy Lisa commenced moaning. She spread her legs to give me easy access and shivered at the touch of my soapy cloth. I spent a lot of time cleaning up her outer lips, clitoris and the inner labia. It appeared she was ready to orgasm and I didn't want that yet. I just wanted her hot and ready. 

I stepped back and told Lisa it was her turn to wash. Lisa stood under the water spray to rinse off before she soaped up her wash cloth. She started with my face and worked her way quickly to my cock and balls. She commented I don't have the patience you have. She worked the cloth back and forth over my shaft like she was jacking me off. Then she washed my balls and the area behind them taking lots of time. Lisa bent over and washed my legs, front and back in record time and asked me to turn around. My shoulders and back were scrubbed before I could blink an eye. Lisa re soaped her cloth and carefully washed my butt cheeks. She then slid the cloth between my cheeks and lathered up my crack and butt hole. When she was done she turned me around and kissed me hard. 

I dropped to my knees and pulled her groin to my face. I kissed her labia and slipped my tongued into her pussy. She groaned, moaned and almost lost her balance. I was concerned she would lose her balance and fall so I stood up, turned the water off, reached out to the towel rack and grabbed 2 towels. We dried each other off; I took at lot more time working on her than she did me. I patted down her entire body. I dried her legs and pussy very carefully. I made sure her big breasts were dry, especially the sensitive undersides. To dry her back I pulled her into a big bear hug so I got to feel her hot body pressed against mine. I made sure the towel got between her ass cheeks. 

When we finished I pulled her by the hand onto the big bed. I positioned her with her back on the bed and her butt at the edge. I spread her legs, lifted them over my shoulders, and knelt down on the floor. I could see the pink insides of her pussy lips, her engorged clit, and her tiny, puckered back hole. 

I started where I had left off in the shower, slowly licking her outer lips while using my fingertips to gently caress the insides of her thighs and her ass cheeks. The moaning and groaning started at once. Lisa moved her hips at me, trying to mash her pussy against my face. When she did I stopped what I was doing. When she realized what had happened she quit pushing at me. I resumed my cunt licking and she began moaning again. I slipped my tongue into her wet pussy. I moved my fingertips up to her outer lips. The shivering started and I knew Lisa was almost there. I removed my tongue from her pussy and moved up to her clit. I licked circles around the hard nub and was rewarded with a huge groan from Lisa. I could feel Lisa's orgasm building so I backed off a little. I tongued fucked her pussy fast and as deep as I could. She responded with moan and groans, but was not cumming. When she seemed to be relaxing I moved back up to her clit and gave it a hard tongue lashing. Up and down, side to side, around and around, I worked that little nub. Now I wanted to see Lisa climax. I slipped 2 fingers up inside her pussy and felt for that special spot. I must have found it because Lisa had another big climax. She shivered, moaned, groaned, mumbled and held my head up against her sex. Her juices were flowing hard and fast. The taste was out of this world.

When Lisa was calm again she remarked I never knew oral sex could feel so good. I replied, now it is your turn to do me. She got this big grin on her beautiful face and asked if I would teach her how to do it.

I moved up on to the bed in the same position Lisa had been in and told her to kneel between my legs. She was on her knees in a flash. I put my legs over her shoulders and told her to watch her teeth, they could hurt. Then I said use your tongue to lick around the tip, like you would an ice cream cone. The underside of the head of my cock is the most sensitive place so pay attention to it. Now lick all over my cock, from the tip to the base and back, the underside and the top side. She was following instructions well and learning fast. For a beginner what she was doing had my blood boiling. What she lacked in experience she more than made up for in enthusiasm. Now lick my balls all over. She did as I wanted. Now lick that area between my balls and ass hole. Wow did she do a good job with that part. Her tongue was setting me on fire. It was wet, warm and soft to the touch on my cock. OK now suck the head of my cock into your mouth and watch those teeth. I was really getting hot over her efforts. Now move my cock in and out of your mouth and stroke it with your hand at the same time. Use your lips and tongue to caress the head as much as possible. Hold the tip between your lips, lick the end with your tongue and suck in all at the same time. She complied and did a great job of following instructions. Lisa's long soft hair was brushing against the insides of my thighs to add to my pleasure. Lisa had my orgasm building quickly, but I didn't want to cum in her mouth this time. She continued sucking and stroking until I had to stop her. She asked me why I stopped her. I replied I am not going to cum in your mouth this time. That can wait until later. She said I want to deep throat you. I said we will work on that later. Right now I want to fuck you again. 

Lisa jumped up onto the bed, spread her legs and pulled me down on top of her. She wanted this as bad as I did. I slammed my erection deep into her pussy and started pimping hard and fast. Within seconds I went over the edge and began to cum. My spunk set Lisa off and we climaxed together. She was shaking and moaning while I was groaning. Her pussy was loosening up, but it still felt snug and cozy and felt like silk. I knew I was going to love this weekend.

A couple of minutes later I rolled off of my gorgeous sex partner and she immediately moved over top of me and started cleaning my cock with her mouth and tongue. She licked all around the head, and the sides, sucking every drop of moisture she could find into her mouth. She even cleaned up between my legs where her juices had flowed. I told her I really liked that and she could do it every time if she wanted. She smiled and said OK. I asked where she learned to do that. She replied right here.

By the time I got shaved and we got dressed it was lunch time. I can't think of a better way to spend an entire morning. Fucking twice, with all of the foreplay, and having breakfast with a nude, beautiful and ultra sexy lady was my idea of a super time.

After lunch I showed Lisa around the resort complex, and then I took her in the car to see Sevierville, Pigeon Forge and Gatlinburg. We had another good meal at a family restaurant I frequent and headed back to the condo for the evening. I mixed up a couple of Margaritas and we relaxed on the love seat. We talked about last night and this morning. She was adamant in her praise of the sex we had. 

She stood up and started stripping as she asked if I had more for her tonight. She teased me with her stripping. She showed me a bare shoulder then covered it up. She turned her back to me, pulled her pants part way over her ass then pulled them back up. While her back was turned she pulled her sweater over her head and threw it on the couch. She reached back and unclasped her bra, then turned back toward me holding the bra cups over her luscious tits. She finally dropped her bra on the floor and unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans. Again she turned around and slowly slipped them down her legs to the floor. Finally nude she bent down to pick up her bra, pants and thong, giving me a great view of her pussy and ass. When she turned back to face me I applauded. What's a man to do? Of course, I replied, after that show I have plenty more for you tonight.. 

Lisa did a little swaying dance for me that really got me hot. I watched as her tremendous tits swayed back and forth with the nipples hard. I loved the way her hips and thighs moved together. She turned her back to me and shook her awesome ass at me. I had to move my stiffening cock in my pants. Lisa bent over showing me her pussy lips and back door hole. I whistled and clapped. She turned back around to face me and said, get naked and come here big boy. I shed my clothes as fast as possible and joined her in her dance. Soft music was playing on the Bose and we swayed together to the rhythm. I kissed her neck, and ear and let my hand slide down to her gorgeous butt. My cock was hard in seconds. Squeezing Lisa's butt gently I managed to get a little groan from her. I pulled my erection up between us so she could feel it on her pubic bone as we danced. I lightly ran my fingertips downs her neck and under her arm. She responded by shivering. I slipped my cock between her legs. That felt great as we slowly moved to the music. I could feel her wetness on my cock. I couldn't take it any more so I picked her up and lowered her to the loveseat. 

She looked puzzled until I knelt in front of her on the floor and spread her legs. My tongue went to work on her pussy lips and clit, making her moan. I alternated between tongue fucking her pussy and licking her clit. As a change of pace I stuck a finger in her pussy while licking her clit. I would remove my finger and insert my tongue. I began to suck her clit out from under that little hood and she went crazy, bucking and thrashing. When her orgasm subsided, I started again, but this time I slid 2 fingers in her to massage that special spot while I licked and sucked on her clit and pussy lips. The shivering resumed and the moaning started. Lisa was really enjoying oral sex. She had another big cum, this time her juices gushed from her pussy. My fingers were soaked from being buried in her pussy.

I had Lisa turn around and kneel on the couch. She did as ordered, sticking that gorgeous ass up in the air at me. I moved in behind her and in one thrust buried my hard cock deep into her cunt. She yelped from the intrusion but soon started to rock back and forth on my cock. It's so deep she said. Lisa was moving back and forth against me so I let her control the movement for a couple of minutes, and then I took charge. I grabbed her hips in both hands and started to move my hips in tiny circles as I began slow in and out thrusts. I took it nice and easy. Slowly I was getting Lisa built up to another orgasm. When the shivering got wild and the moaning got loud I responded by thrusting hard and as deep as I could. Lisa was out of her mind with lust. She was begging me to go deeper, crying out with her orgasms and trying to pull me deeper into her pussy. Her orgasm finally exploded in her. Her orgasm rocked her so much that I don't know how she managed to maintain her position on the couch. 

I stood still and let her enjoy the moment. After she came down a little I started stroking into her again. Lisa started shivering again. Then she began moaning. I wet the end of my thumb and put it on that little rosebud asshole of hers. She squirmed at first then settled down to the slow movement in her pussy and the thumb on her butt hole. I picked the tempo up and as she was gasping for breath, I slipped that thumb into her backdoor. She immediately began to cum. The orgasm she had was the biggest one yet. She collapsed on her face on the loveseat and cried her eyes out.

I went and found her a Kleenex to dry her eyes with. Didn't you like that, I asked? She sobbed again and replied, sex with you has been better than I ever thought it could be. I loved it, not liked it. How can I ever repay you? I laughed, this is Friday night and we don't leave until Tuesday. I'm sure you will find a way. But now I need to cum so dry your eyes and let's get back to having fun.

She asked if she could try to swallow all of my hard cock.

I would really like that if you could, was my answer. She knelt on the floor as I sat on the loveseat and she started sucking my dick. She worked it into the back of her mouth but gagged on it. She tried again and gagged again. She worked hard getting my raging hard on as wet as she could and tried a third time. She couldn't get past the gagging. Of course all of that attention to my cock had me ready to cum, so I said you tried, but I need to cum badly so suck me off and tomorrow I will help you with the deep throat part. 

She smiled a huge smile and slipped my cock back in between her lips. She licked the head, the sides, my balls, remembering everything we did this morning. She pulled me almost all of the way out and attacked the purple knob at the end of my manhood, sucking on it and licking it. I grabbed her long, silky hair and held her head tight. I wouldn't let her move her head. I explained to her, I want you to make me cum with just your lips and tongue. No hands, no throat just lips and tongue. Lisa did as I asked. She worked her lips and tongue all over my cock. Her tongue sent traces of heat all over the head of my cock and her lips were a velvety vice holding my erection. Quickly my orgasm started building. Lisa sensed that I was getting close and started sucking hard on my cock head. When I finally erupted she flinched as the first stream of hot cum hit her throat, but she relaxed and kept sucking and licking. Lisa swallowed all of my hot semen without missing a beat with her sucking. When my orgasm was over she carefully cleaned my cock with her mouth and tongue, God did I love that attention to detail. It was hard for me to believe that inexperienced Lisa could make me cum that way. No hands, just mouth. It was great...

Saturday morning over another breakfast in the nude we talked about sex. Lisa was very happy with what had transpired so far but still had desires unfulfilled. "I really want to deep throat you, do 69, have sex in different places, have anal sex, and anything else that comes up." I was flabbergasted. What an appetite for sex this woman has. I guess after 20 years she did want to catch up. I was going to have a hard time keeping hard if we did all of that in the next 3 days. 

Saturday turned out to be cold and rainy, not a good day to go to the mountains, so we drove back to Gatlinburg and spent the morning going thru all of the little shops on Main St. Lunch was in a nice little cafe, that wasn't at all crowded because of the weather. Lisa's cell phone rang while we were eating. It was Rob. He wanted to know how things were progressing. He couldn't see the smile on her face as she answered the question. They broke off the conversation after a couple of minutes so she could finish eating. She did say that Rob sounded happy for her. 

After lunch we went to a couple of more shops then headed back to the condo. We were both chilled so I suggested we take a Jacuzzi in the double bath. She agreed.

Watching her undress and climb in the tub got me hard again. Maybe I could keep up with her after all. The Jacuzzi was heart shaped so our heads were apart but our feet touched. The hot water bubbling around us soon made us both hot. We started rubbing our feet up and down the each others legs. I was in heaven being with this gorgeous creature, completely nude and rubbing those long, lovely legs of hers in the water. Suddenly Lisa sat up, leaned over and pulled my cock into her mouth. She licked all around the head, and up and down the shaft. She began sucking hard on the purple head. Wow, what a feeling that was, with the hot water swirling around my body and her warm, wet mouth engulfing my cock. I reached out and grabbed a breast and started to massage it, rolling the wet nipple between my thumb and finger. She moaned, which I knew was a good sign. She tried to pull my cock deep into her throat but gagged. 

I told her to get on the bed and we can work on your deep throat technique. I grabbed a towel and lovingly dried off her super hot body. I made sure the towel touched every part of her body. I paid special attention to her big breasts and the area between her legs. When I finished Lisa reciprocated. When we were dry we went into the bedroom and got on the king-size bed.

I lay on my back and told her to get into the 69 position. Lisa hesitated at first so I told her to put her pussy in my face while she sucked my cock. Now she understood. I started licking that soaking wet cunt and she tried again to swallow my cock. Lisa was gagging again

I stopped what I was doing and told her she had to relax, and arch her neck to make a straight line from her lips to her throat. She started sucking again, but her body was to stiff so again I said "RELAX." She was still stiff so I told her to stop trying, relax and enjoy what I was doing. Lisa let go of my erection and got up on her knees so I could really work on her hot cunt. I began licking her slit from her clit to her ass. When my tongue reached her opening I would pause and push it deep in her pussy, next I would lick to her back door and push my tongue into her asshole. Then I would lick the other way and fill her pussy with my tongue. When Lisa started moaning again I attacked her clit with my mouth. Soon she was writhing and jerking all over my face as a huge orgasm hit her. When it subsided I said, now swallow me. 

I had Lisa get up and kneel beside my legs. Lisa leaned back over me, lovingly kissed and licked the head of my cock and started slowly working it up and down, deeper and deeper. I went to work on her breasts to distract her, but kept my mind on how she was doing. When she had about half of it in her mouth I slipped 2 fingers into her pussy and played with her G spot. Lisa had one little gag and then she forced all of me down her throat. I was in heaven. This gorgeous lady had swallowed all of my hard cock. She wasn't moving her head; she wanted to keep me buried in her throat. I resumed massaging the spot inside her pussy. She started cumming and had to let loose of my cock. She moaned thru another orgasm, gasping for breath, shaking and moaning. When it was over, Lisa asked if she could suck me dry. 
