 Lying in a dusk darkened room, Katherine Cain's body glistened with the delicate glow of sweat and ecstasy. In the background, the water from the shower could be heard and the fine mist of moist, heated air rolled out the partially opened door. Her brow furled as she tried to think. Tried to understand how all this could have happened. She was a happily married woman, and yet here she was in a strange room; body soaked and yet satisfied far beyond anything she had ever known. It was not her husband in the shower... oh no...he never made her feel this way. Thinking back now, sex with him was always enjoyable yet now she knew there was more. How would she ever be satisfied with him again? Ohh what had she done? Life would never be the same, and yet at this moment she didn't wish for it to be. She needed that pleasure and release which her lover brought, and knew she'd do whatever it took to have it again and again. Slowly Katherine rose, swinging her legs off the bed, and allowed the showers fog to engulf her feet. She smiled at the image for it symbolically at least represented her. She too was lost in a fog, slowly making her way, unsure what was to come, and yet knowing full well what lay before her. Standing now Katherine moved forward pushing open the bathroom door and disappearing into the mist. As it swirled about her, she was for a brief moment obscured then a disembodied hand reached out and pushed the door closed..... 

It's funny how life is. You move through it seemingly minding your own business when suddenly something occurs to blind side you and change everything. Mrs. Cain was like that. I had never even met her when I first had a fantasy about her. She was just sitting there on the subway one day when I boarded. I don't know now why it was I noticed her, after all I rode the subway everyday and there were literally hundreds of attractive ladies to chose from. She was different though. Dressed in her grey pleated wool skirt which came to just below her knees, sensible shoes, and bulky sweater. She looked..., almost lost. 

I watched her for the longest time, as she shuffled papers and occasionally jotted down notes, when it suddenly occurred to me that I wanted her. More so than I had ever wanted anyone. I wished to make love to her. To listen as she moaned, and squirmed, for me, and my touch. My fantasy grew from that moment, and filled my mind with erotic images. I studied the swell of her breasts only just visible through the bulky sweater. Imagined cupping them, caressing and sucking them. I thrilled as she shifted positions, momentarily flashing another inch or so of her legs, and imagined how she might react when my hands began stroking her. I could sense the moist panties as my fingers approached..., and then she rose to depart. I watched as she moved; studied her legs, curves, and then sighed. I knew I'd have to masturbate later, for already she had an enormous impact on me. I suppose in the end, I was lost in my own thoughts and desires though, for there she was slipping past the rolling portals of our car, urged on by the mass of daily commuters. My last vision was the hot crush of bodies which engulfed her about the escalator. God how I wanted to be in that crush, stealing a forbidden caress. I lowered my head holding onto that image, while my tongue moistened my dry lips. Suddenly my eyes snapped open, and my head literally flew up and swivelled this way and that. What??... What???... My mind struggled for a second then screamed out Nooo!!!!....That was my stop. I had missed my one chance. 

As life offers up these little twists and turns we learn to take them in stride, and so it was with me that day. I smiled, then sat back and waited for the next stop. I had my little fantasy and although it was brief I enjoyed it just the same. Then with the train rumbling down the dark tunnel, and me left to my own thoughts, I realized I couldn't get her out of my head. Her delicate features, the sexy curves of her body, even the way she moved, they all seemed to consume my every thought. I knew there wasn't a hope in hell of rushing back to the last stop and finding her. About all I could hope for, would be that I see her again another day. Riding the same train perhaps, at the same time. Time!! Yeah that's it. I glanced at my watch and noted the time, then worked out the approximate time I got on. Next I waited till the car stopped and noted the location of my car in relationship to the front and rear of the train. My best chance would be to try again tomorrow same time same car. Contented that I had worked everything out I made my way to the opposite platform, and returned.

It wasn't until 6th period English class that I discovered, my mystery woman was in fact Mrs. Cain. Apparently she was the school's new full time English teacher, taking over for Mr. Samuel's after his heart attack. Once again I took the time out to just watch her. Watch how she moved and listened to her gentle melodious tones as she spoke. 

Mrs. Cain, Mrs. Cain, I just kept running it over in my mind. Apparently she was married, although I had to know for sure. I supposed it would be easiest if I just followed her home one day. Then I'd know where she lived, and could watch the place to see if in fact there was a Mr. Cain. It had to be easier than breaking into the school files that's for sure. I also figured this early in the school season she wouldn't have a clue as to whether or not I should be traveling in the same direction and location as she, and thus my mind was made up.

It took me 4 days to finally manage to follow her home and another 3 to finally confirm the existence of Mr. Cain. Apparently he worked long hours 6 days a week but not on Sunday's. I also learned that Mrs. Cain sure didn't dress like she did around the school, which was both a big surprise and delight. When not working Mrs. Cain would usually wear something which accented all her fine womanly attributes. Be it tight short, shorts, or sexy dresses. She even wore high heels while shopping and seemed to enjoy the attention her body and attire drew. I suspected she was actually lonely deep down but then I'm young yet and nobody could ever accuse me of being good at psychoanalysis. I tried reading up on it though, perhaps looking for some insight but about all I did discover was that if she was feeling inadequate there was no telling how far she might go to relieve it. Now I wasn't sure if they were talking about suicide or affairs, or something completely different. All I did know was, that if there was a chance I was going to be there to take it. The sexy attire Mrs. Cain wore also seemed to confirm at least part of this hypothesis, a sort of desperate cry for attention, and if she hadn't caught my eye before she certainly had it now. 

The coup de grace though had to be just yesterday when once again Mrs. Cain and I rode the subway together. It amazes me sometimes how people can go through life so unawares and yet even now some 6 weeks after I had first seen her, Mrs. Cain seemed oblivious to my presence. Perhaps even more surprising though was the fact that Mrs. Cain did not miss the lovers. It happened so innocently actually there we were just moving from stop to stop holding onto the support straps as the crush of bodies was at it's peak. A man with shoulder length, dirt blonde hair, and a full length leather trench style coat boarded. Somehow Mrs. Cain noticed him. Perhaps it was his manner of dress, or perhaps some sort of personal fantasy she possesses. In any event, there we were packed into the car moving from one stop to another. Mrs. Cain watching the tall guy and I watching her. After a few stops a significant amount of people had departed our car and Mrs. Cain was able to take a vacated seat. She started to work on her papers as she did every morning only this time she was distracted. I watched as she slowly turned her head and her eyes grew big, then followed her gaze back to the leather clad man. He was now standing behind a pretty young lady and his hand was caressing her ass. Slowly he worked it with loving strokes but the lady had a shocked look on her face. Instantly I figured out that this guy was making a pass at the lady and Mrs. Cain and I were privy to it. 

As his hands continued to stroke I started switching my gaze back and forth between the man and Mrs. Cain. She was mesmerized by the scene. Her lips seemed to have become permanently parched as she licked them again and again. The man meanwhile had slipped a hand around the front of the lady and up under her sweater. Her eyes were closed and she was leaning into him as he gently squeezed the hot breast beneath. Together Mrs. Cain and I watched this erotic play slowly being performed before us. I watched as the man cupped and squeezed a breast and then as Mrs. Cain absentmindedly reached up and opened the button holding her sports coat in place. God how I wanted to slip in behind her just then, and mirror the actions of the subway lovers. Stroking Mrs. Cain's breasts tugging on the nipples through the soft material of her blouse. It seemed as though Mrs. Cain too was enjoying the action for I noticed how hard and prominent her nipples had become. 

Slowly she began stroking her upper thigh through her skirt and soon the man followed suit. His hand silently touching areas both Mrs. Cain and I wished to experience. His talent causing the young lady to softly moan, a sound I wished was coming from Mrs. Cain. It was now my turn to lick my lips though, for as the man began to slip his hand beneath the ladies skirt, Mrs. Cain began to open her legs. Her stroking of the upper thighs had caused her skirt to ride up above those soft sweet knees, but when she parted her legs I saw her delicate rose petalled thighs come into view. I wanted so to slip forward and push that skirt higher to slide my hand, my mouth, and tongue over the passion filled skin, and yet there I stood just watching the scene. 

What an odd vision we presented I thought. Much like stepping between two mirrors and infinitely watching yourself being reflected back, we all reflexed back the initial erotic scene. Soon the man's fingers were obviously touching or perhaps within the ladies panties for her body began to slowly grind and she bit her lower lip to stifle off the loud moans she so desperately wanted to issue forth. Mrs. Cain's hand found her own legs, stroking softly her knees, and a small portion of her inner thighs. She wanted that to be her there. I knew it, and I'm sure she did too. Her panties were likely soaked with her own juices, and her nipples strained against the fabric of her blouse. She so wanted to touch herself more. Wanted to caress her breasts, and rub her moist taunt panties. She wanted him to do it to her. To take her as he was taking this lady, and make her struggle not to cry out. All the while I wanted Mrs. Cain. I wanted to move forward, touch her, tease her, and taste her. 

I can imagine lifting her from that seat and pressing her body against the subway car's wall. I can feel the sense of urgency as my hands drag her skirt higher and as my mouth begins to kiss, and lick those hot thighs. In my minds eye I see how she shivers as I move back and forth just out of reach of her panties. I can smell her excitement and wish to bring her past that. I wish to bring her to a place where she'd give herself to me, as my tongue pressed into the fabric of her panties. I can imagine her thighs quivering, her soft moans and the taste of her through that cotton barrier. I would keep licking, and pushing at the material, until at last she begged me to make love to her. Then in a slow teasing fashion I would slip away her panties, following them down her legs with my mouth. Retracing my path, I can imagine her sighs, moans, and gasps as I move closer and closer. Licking, teasing, tasting. She parts those rose petalled thighs for me, and I slip my tongue between. Kissing back and forth making her crazy with lust until at last my tongue in its own urgent need stabs into the velvet furry mat and parts the wet swollen lips. I close my eyes now and imagine just how far we go. Masturbating all the while until at last I call out Mrs. Cain's name in orgasmic bliss...,, Katherine... Katherine... I moan out as I cum, soaking everything, and forcing me to write this again... 

Alas, the story did not end here for Katherine's and my own lust had only just been awakened on that subway. I followed her the remaining few blocks to the school trying desperately to think of a way to satisfy both, and yet knew there was none. Oh I suppose I could have cornered her and just began caressing in a hopes that she was already too far gone to stop me but I didn't want that. I wanted her to fall into my arms and give herself to me. The thought then crossed my mind that perhaps if I had offered she would have accepted, yet I knew so little about her and I wanted to be sure. 

As usual, Mrs. Cain checked in with the office and collected the compiled paperwork she submitted for photocopying the previous day. Then, it being Thursday, her first period was free and so she would be heading to the teachers lounge where she could prepare for her first class and be available should anyone need her. Yeah that was perfect I thought, I could need her, but that wasn't the case. Instead Mrs. Cain spent an extraordinarily long time in the office so long in fact first period had begun. It took yet about 5 minutes after the first period bell before Mrs. Cain left the office, then I watched as she turned left instead of right towards the teachers lounge. Curious I continued to watch as she moved down the hall and then turned the corner. As quietly as I could I rushed up to the corner and peered around it. The hall was empty. Where had she gone? 

Slowly I made my way up the hall past several classes already in progress but the quick glance I gave in each did not reveal her presence. Suddenly I came upon the ladies rooms door and paused. Should I? I asked myself, but I already knew the answer. My hand reached up and tentatively touched the doors surface as though it might be electrically charged, and in fact the initial contact was brief. As my fingers sensed the cool smooth surface they jerked back and I cast my gaze up and down the hall, as though I had gotten caught. It was peaceful and empty though. Once again I reached out and placed my hand upon the door this time allowing the fingers to spread and apply pressure. It took a tiny moment before the door began to move then it swung with the increased pressure. 

At first my head would dart from side to side allowing my eyes to "peek" in the ever increasing gap but they saw nothing, and so I opened the door further. The interior was as one would expect, polished chrome, porcelain, and tile, yet there was nobody inside. I turned dejected at having lost Mrs. Cain when suddenly a moan, which echoed off the barren walls caused me to freeze. Again I turned and looked but saw nothing and then another moan, louder than the last, reverberated across the room. My eyes squinted and head cocked trying to locate the source and then I saw it. One of Mrs. Cain's feet stretched out under a stall. I listened knowing what was coming and sure enough another moan followed. I could hear her breathing now. It was hard strong and with a sense of urgency to it, and I knew why she waited so long in the office. 

Her passion could not be contained but she couldn't risk being sidetracked had she gone to the lounge. Here though, in the peace of a bathroom, she could bring on some relief. As though confirming this, Mrs. Cain then cried out. A hot, passion filled sound which seemed to echo again and again. I glanced momentarily towards the door, I had already gone so far and that sound begged me to go further. Slowly I began to crouch down lowering my head so I could see more. Her legs grew in inverse proportion to my heads height until at last I glimpsed the underside of one thigh. Just a tiny bit more I thought as a sharp gasp ricocheted about the room causing me to jerk away afraid once more of being caught. 

Then I steeled my determination and lowered my head until at last I saw her hand. It was moving rapidly between her legs but my angle was bad so I couldn't see her fingers. Her legs seemed to quiver as her passion approached an orgasm, slowly they would begin to close then open again. I knew Mrs. Cain was close, so close in fact she suddenly moaned out and her legs stiffened. I watched as a shoe slipped off one foot in the subsequent almost violent shaking. Her toes, painted a deep crimson color, begged for attention, and suddenly I found my hand reaching out for it. I wanted to touch and caress it but as the realization sank in I paused. Mrs. Cain's hand then reached out and I had the vision of her reaching for me. Once again my hand started forward but then she picked up her shoe and started returning it to her foot. Oh my God!! I thought what am I doing. My hand darted back as though struck by a snake. It was perhaps close enough to be seen but there was no sound of realization from behind her portal. Quickly I gathered my composure and left. I think I had heard the sound of her stall lock sliding open as the main washroom door swung closed behind me but I could not be sure. All I really knew was I could not be here when she left. 

Ohh what a curse is the mind. It talks you into things then talks you out again. You struggle fighting pointlessly against yourself always wondering which side shall win today. Well I lost as you now know. Lost my chance to have the one thing I would cherish forever. For the rest of the day I was lost. Unable to concentrate on anything except Mrs. Cain. It was ridiculous really, she was married, beautiful, and my senior. I had so little to offer her yet I remembered another story of regret which haunted the guy for years. It was a sad tale really. He had loved as I from afar, yet he never told his lady. Each day he was haunted by her memory and his lack of action, and I vowed then and there it shall not happen to me. Mrs. Cain needed to know and this essay would be my testament and confession of all. Only in her hands would the true form be revealed. Would I be labeled as obsessive compulsive or as a romantic?... 

There was no signature at the bottom of this page and so Katherine Cain retrieved the others carefully looked for a sign of who had written this. The author was so far anonymous, but she vowed she'd find out who it was. To think that one of her students had such passion. She never would have guessed. The very idea of expressing his juvenile lust for her in such a manner. How did he ever expect to be graded on this? Would he have dared read this aloud to the class had his paper been the best or worst of the bunch? The very thought of it made her head spin. Rising from her chair Katherine Cain headed to the bathroom. She needed to calm down, then she'd figure out what to do and who had submitted this. 

As she drew her bath Katherine's mind kept drifting back to yesterday. Everything the student wrote was true. She had seen the lovers on the train and had desired that "forced tenderness". She discovered upon arriving at the school that her jacket was indeed undone, but she had no recollection of how that occurred. Her nipples and pussy did ache for attention, and she found herself rushing off to the ladies room thankful that first period for her was free. The whole thing had made her so hot she couldn't help herself, and even now that she thought of it again she was excited. 

Slowly she dipped a foot in the hot waters of her bath and as the wave of warmth washed up her leg and spread throughout her body Katherine smiled. Yes this was what she needed. Now stepping fully into the tub Katherine arranged herself before slipping beneath the billowing cloud like bubbles. She lay back a moment and closed her eyes but instantly erotic images filled her mind, and so opened them again. Damn, Katherine thought. Why did that student have to remind her of the man on the subway? Her legs squirmed slightly back and forth at that thought before she picked up a large sea sponge, and dipped it into the soapy water. Raising it to her shoulder, Katherine squeezed the large sponge and watched as the soapy waters cascaded down her skin. God, she wished her husband was here now. Even if he couldn't help her decide what the right course of action was, at least he could make love to her. 
