 After that powerful orgasm we both had, we fell asleep in each others arms. I awoke a short time later with Lisa cuddled up next to me, her leg between mine, a tit laying on my arm and her head resting on my shoulder. I thought, how nice it is to have a female companion again. I still loved Pam with all of my heart, but Lisa was reminding me how nice it is to have a female around. Maybe I should start getting back into the dating game.

Lisa stirred and that wonderful tit slid up my arm and her leg pushed up against my cock. I thought about waking her up and fucking her but decided against it. I slipped out from under her and went to the shower. Before I finished my shower she walked into the bathroom, naked, to pee. I got a huge smile from her on the way by. God was she hot, that sexy body nude gave me another erection. She went into the bedroom when she was done. I got dried, dressed and went into the living room of our condo. We chatted about where to go for supper and what to do that evening.

We ate at a chain Italian restaurant and went to the nearby outlet shopping mall. I bought socks and underwear, she bought a cute sexy top and we headed back to the condo. In the car she said I want to practice deepthroating you. I replied. I want a good 69 so that should work for both of us. 

Lisa grabbed my crouch and playful massaged it. I told her to take of her top and bra, I needed to see her tits. She started to object, so I said please. Lisa was very reluctant but she pulled her top over her head, reached behind her and unhooked her bra and dropped both clothing items in the back seat of my car. Boy those gorgeous tits looked great in the light from passing cars and street lights. She didn't say anything but she stayed naked from the waist up.

I stopped at a drugstore and told her to wait in the car, do not put on any clothes and play with your pussy. When I came out of the drugstore she was still topless and had her hand in her pants. There was a distant look in her eyes. In the condo parking lot I told her to put her top back on, no bra. Lisa giggled. We got on the elevator. When the door closed I dropped my packages and kissed her hard. One hand under her top and the other slipped into her pants. Her pussy was soaked. When the elevator door opened I broke the kiss and said good girl. 

Once in the condo we hurriedly stripped and got on the big bed. I started licking, and plunging my tongue in and out of her tasty pussy and playing with her ass cheeks. She started writing and thrashing. The action in the car had her really hot. When her orgasm hit I pulled my tongue out of her pussy and let her enjoy the climax. When she finished I rolled over on my back and said deep throat me now. And bring that sweet pussy back here for me to enjoy. 

She went to work on the deep throat practice and I lazily licked around her pussy, working my way to the area where the legs meet her body. Licking there created a nice reaction from Lisa who still hadn't gotten all of me down her throat. I reached up and squeezed her ass and said relax. She pushed her pussy against my face, but I could feel her body relax. Lisa tried again and finally got it all. When I felt her lips on my balls I shoved my tongue deep into her anal hole. She couldn't say anything because my cock was buried in her mouth, she tried to move away but I held her to me by her hips. Lisa quit resisting and I stabbed my tongue in and out. She still had my cock deep in her throat and it had to come out so she could breathe. Lisa lifted her head up and took a deep breath then plunged back down on my cock. Another orgasm overtook her and she had to quit sucking. When that one ended I told her to get off of me and let's go to the living room.

In the living room I told her to lean over the loveseat like she had done last night. I slid my hard cock inside her inviting pussy and started stroking. I reached around and found a huge tit to caress and a nipple to play with. Lisa responded immediately. We were moving back and forth and in and out, in unison when her orgasm swept over her. She was so overtaken with this one that she fell onto the loveseat, pulling me out of her. 

While she recovered I walked over to the counter and retrieved my drugstore purchase. She saw the tube and asked what is that. I calmly replied lubrication, tonight you get fucked in the ass. She was startled by my frankness, but a very happy look came over her. Lisa said please be gentle, don't hurt me. I commented, that's why I have the lube.

I told her to get back in the position you were in a minute ago. I spread lube on my finger and inserted into her hole that was wet from my tongue fucking. She squirmed a little but did not resist. I pulled the finger out, lubed up another one than slid them both into her ass. She bucked back against my hand and moaned. Lisa moaning is a good sign and after a little more finger fucking I lubed up my cock and said get ready for a big cock. She mumbled do it. I think she was trying to suppress another cum. I put my purple cock head up against her little rose bud and pushed a little. The opening refused to open. I slapped her ass and said relax, now. Her tension started leaving her body so I pushed again. My cock head popped thru that little opening and was inside. Lisa gasped but didn't move. Slowly I pushed in a little more. She was still and quiet. I dripped a little more lube on my cock and pushed again. She started pushing back so I gave one hard push and was buried completely inside her hot tight asshole. She screamed and shook with a mighty orgasm, she was shivering, crying, and pushing back against me all at the same time. I stayed motionless until she regained control. 

I asked if she was OK. She responded that she was, and it is a wonderful feeling, I want you to cum in my ass. I started slowly moving in and out of her ass. Almost all of the way out then slowly back in. She was moaning again so I picked up speed. She started cunning again so I pounded her hard. Lisa's orgasm triggered mine and I sprayed the inside of her ass with my cum. Spurt after spurt until I was drained. When we both regained our sense I pulled my softening dick out of her and sat down on the loveseat next to her. She was still kneeling on the cushion next to me and saw the cum glistening on my cock. She leaned over me and said let me clean that up for you. Her sucking was like heaven to me.

When she finished licking me clean she ran to the bathroom to clean up the cum dripping from her ass. I got in the shower to clean my sweaty body. She saw me and asked if she could join me. Well of course, I said. As we soaked under the water we talked about today. Did she like anal sex? It was fabulous, she replied. 

Did she enjoy being topless in the car? No, she answered, I was very embarrassed. Then why was your pussy so wet when I came out of the drugstore? Because I played with myself as you instructed. Is that why you went topless? Yes, because you wanted me to. I told her that tomorrow was going to be a beautiful day outside so we were going to the mountains, and you need to wear loose fitting clothes for me. She asked if I should wear shorts or what. I responded it could be a little chilly at the higher altitude so wear slacks and the nice white sweater you wore on the way down here in the car. And don't wear a bra. She nodded her head in agreement.

In the morning I awoke with Lisa again draped all over me. This was getting to be a habit I liked. Having someone to share my day with and then be so delightful in bed was just what I needed. Lisa was bringing me back from loneliness. I had to remember to thank Rob for letting me have her for this fabulous weekend.

It was bright and sunny outside just as the weather man predicted. We had another good breakfast, with no clothes on again, packed up the cooler with some fruit, soft drinks and sandwiches and headed for Cades Cove.

We spent the morning watching the wild deer in the fields, looking for black bear and visiting a lot of old buildings. Shortly after noon we exited Cades Cove and found the picnic area. 

We had our lunch at a picnic table a little ways from other people. I told Lisa to show me her tits. She blushed, then said if that's what you want, and pulled her sweater up so I could see them. They really are sensational, so I had to gently massage them for a minute. Lisa kept looking around to make sure no one was watching. I pulled my hand away and thanked her. 

We cleaned up the mess and headed for the state line. Before we left I got my digital SLR camera out and showed Lisa how to use it. Set on fully automatic she could take good pictures without knowing much about it. As soon as we got on the Gatlinburg bypass and started climbing in altitude the colors of the turning leaves were beautiful. Lisa was spellbound; this is absolutely the most beautiful scenery I have ever seen she said. The tree covered mountains were awash with reds, golds, yellows and every other color of the rainbow. We pulled of at a couple of picture taking area and took lots of pictures. We finally reached the Tennessee and North Carolina border and pulled into the big parking lot. 

The Appalachian Trail crosses the highway here and we are at the top of the mountains. You can see for miles in every direction and it all is in beautiful color. We walked a shot distance down the trail so Lisa could say she had been on it. We decided not to drive to the dome and headed back down the mountain. 

I went slow looking for a particular parking area that had a hiking trail starting from it. I found the spot I was looking for and said to Lisa we are going on a little hike. Bring the camera and a bottle of water if you want. There were 2 cars in the parking lot when we left, hand in hand. The trail is wide enough for an ATV but there were big posts in the ground at the parking lot so there would be none on the trail. 

About ten minutes into our walk we passed a couple on there way out. That meant only one car unaccounted for. When we got around a bend in the trail and could no longer see that couple I stopped and pulled Lisa to me and kissed her. She kissed back and I slipped a hand up under her sweater. I loved playing with those fantastic tits. Soon I had her sweater off and my hand inside her slacks. Lisa was feeling my crotch and moaning. I led her to a downed tree, pulled her slacks down and told her to lean over the tree. Lisa's awesome ass was sticking up, ripe for the taking. I entered her from behind. I began long, easy strokes in her silky pussy. Lisa was bucking back at me on my engorged cock like there was no tomorrow. She started cumming and couldn't stop. It went on for a long time. I continued my slow stoking in her pussy. Soon she was shaking from lack of energy and having trouble staying on her feet. I pulled out and let her get back into her slacks and sit down on the ground. 

I moved over her so my hard cock was just over her head. I told that I needed relief. I need sucked off. She was still trembling from her orgasm and couldn't react. I pulled her head into my crotch and said give me a blowjob. She started weekly sucking on my dick. Lisa had become pretty good at sucking me off, but this was not one of her better times. I backed away, pulled up my zipper, told her to get her sweater on, and helped her up. She was still wobbly so I had her lean on me. I kissed her and told her to relax. Just as I broke the kiss another couple came around the bend in the path headed for the parking lot. They smiled at us, so I knew they had seen the kiss. I wondered if they had been watching us do anything else before we got up.

Lisa was getting control of her body so we started further down the trail. We came to a very pretty grassy meadow with a fabulous view of the colorful mountains. We stopped and took pictures.

I told Lisa to get naked; I wanted pictures of her against that colorful backdrop. She never hesitated and was naked in a flash. She posed looking over her shoulder with her ass in full view, with her hands and arms covering her breasts and pussy, leaning over towards me so her mammoth mammaries hung down, and standing erect, facing me with a large grin on her face. She found a spot on the ground that wasn't wet and lay down so she could pose some more. I took a lot of pictures of this lovely lady. When I finished she came over to me and started playing with my cock thru my jeans. I asked her if she wanted more of that manhood. 

Lisa lowered herself down on the grass and said I need fucked again. What could I do? I slipped off my jeans and slid my cock into her very wet pussy, and started pounding her for all I was worth. She was cumming again, and I was getting close. I pulled out, lay on my back and commanded her to suck me off. This time she was able to perform the task. Her lips surrounded my throbbing hard on and her tongue worked wonders on it. Lisa slipped it a short way down her throat then pulled back and let her mouth do the job. Soon I was cumming hard spurts of cum into her mouth. She swallowed it all. When I quit cumming she licked me clean and we both got dressed. On the way back to the car she asked if I would show Rob her naked pictures. I asked why not. She smiled and said he will enjoy them.

We ate supper on the strip and got back to the condo just after dark. I asked her what she thought of sex outdoors. She replied, fantastic, I loved it. I said, want to try the balcony? It's too cold now, let use the bed. I made margaritas and we lazily undressed and played with each other. No hurry this time, we kissed and felt each other. I licked her clit almost to orgasm then backed away. She licked my ass and stuck her tongue in that little hole for the first time.

I told her to get on top. Lisa did and we fucked while I sucked on her beautiful breasts. I told her to turn around which she gladly did. She started bucking hard and moaning. I moved my fingers lightly down her back and the back of her neck while she was cunning. When she finished her orgasm I told her to get off and lay beside me. I licked her clit just enough to get her hot again and moved over her. I pushed my cock into her cunt and slowly fucked her for a couple of minutes. Then I moved my left leg outside of her leg and pulled the knee up next to her chest. This made my dick go deeper into her and touch her in a different spot. She started cumming again. I kept stroking so that she didn't stop cumming. I wanted her as weak as she was this afternoon. 

Lisa finally started shaking and crying. I stopped to let her have her good cum. When she recovered I made her get on her hands and knees. This is called doggie I said as I reentered her from behind. She was still a little weak but she liked the feeling and kept up with my rhythm. I reached up and grabbed her luxurious hair and pulled her head back. This caused a different angle to my cock and started her moaning. Lisa moved back and forth harder and harder on my cock until her orgasm swept over her again. This time I let her ride it out with out interfering. She said, "I give up. I can't take anymore, how do I get you off?"

I rolled over on to my stomach and said kiss and lick all of my body. From my toes to my hairline and everything in between. When you are done with this side I will turn over and you can do the front. She shrugged and started lick and kissing my toes and feet. She ran her hand up and down the backs of my legs and into that area between my legs while she was kissing. Slow down I said, you are going way too fast with your mouth. 

Lisa complied and it started feeling much better. When she got to my cheeks she kneaded one with her hands and licked big wet streaks along the other, she spread them apart and licked into my supersensitive area behind my balls. When she started licking that tiny hole I almost came but held back. Way too soon she continued up the small of my back and then up to my hairline. I turned over and she moved back to my feet. Of course my cock was standing straight out and she had to playful touch it while she kissed. 

When she got above my knees she found some very sensitive spots on my inner thighs and her hair was brushing against my erection, and that felt great. I thought to myself she will never get past my cock before she makes me cum. When she started licking my balls and the inner tops of my legs I was gritting my teeth to keep from cumming. 

Lisa sensed that and moved up to my belly button and then my nipples. I was having a hard time controlling myself, but it felt so good I didn't want it to stop. She kissed my neck and stuck her tongue in my ears and started playing with my cock again. One hard kiss on the mouth from her and I knew I was ready. I broke the kiss and said suck my cock, NOW. Her wonderful wet, warm mouth brought me to orgasm in seconds. A huge powerful wave of ecstasy washed over me as I emptied my cock into her sucking mouth. As had become a custom I loved Lisa made sure she cleaned up my cock with her mouth and tongue before we fell asleep.