 "Hurry up," I yelled to my wife as I went to answer the door. We were going to the movies tonight and as always we were running late. When I opened the door I was taken back by this incredible young lady standing on the door step.

"Hi, I'm Amanda." the girl said. "I'm your new babysitter. 

"Of course, come on in." I replied. I couldn't take my eyes off her. The first thing I noticed was her mouth she had beautiful lips. I could only imagine how nice my cock would look sliding in and out of her full ripe lips. My eyes traveled down to her baby pink t-shirt that was tied in the back and showing off her tight stomach. Then to her little jean shorts that barely concealed her ass cheeks. She was gorgeous and she looked to be no more than seventeen or eighteen. 

"Oh hi, Amanda" my wife replied as she was walking down the stairs. "I'm sorry we have to run out so fast but we are running late. The boys are already asleep upstairs, feel free to help your self to something to eat and are emergency numbers are on the fridge."

"Ok have a good time" Amanda replied.

"When did we get a new babysitter?" I asked my wife as we were getting into the car.

"Amanda was recommended to us and she has a long list of experience. She is staying with the next door neighbors for the summer."

Well we went out for drinks after the movies and my wife got a little tipsy so when we got home I put her to bed first before paying Amanda. When I came down Amanda was bent over tying her shoes and I got an unbelievable sight of her ass. Her shorts were riding up and I could see the bottom of her ass cheeks.

"Were the kids ok for you tonight?" I asked her

"I had no problems they slept the whole time."

We started talking about her staying with the neighbors and how long she was going to stay. She told me that her parents were friends with the neighbors and she was trying to find a job here so she could go to collage in the fall. 

After I paid her I walked her to the door and watched her walk next door. Then I went upstairs to my wife who was sleeping. My cock was so hard with the image of Amanda in my head that I jumped in the shower and stroked my cock as I fantasized about sliding my cock in Amanda tight ass.

The next day I was outback mowing the lawn. When I looked over the fence I spotted Amanda lying in the grass sunbathing. She was lying on her stomach wearing a blue bikini.

"Pretty nice. Huh?" my neighbor John said.

"Hell yeah, how did you manage to get that hot young lady to stay with you?"

John and I had been friends for a while and he was one of the guys who understood what it was like to be married. He loves his wife to but just because you are married that doesn't stop your eyes from wandering to beautiful girls who have never had children and whose bodies wouldn't even think about sagging or wrinkling.

"She is an old friend's daughter and of course I had to help the family. Let me tell she has been quite enjoyable. She is staying in the spare bedroom and let's just say I get and eyeful every night."

"What is that supposed to mean?" I asked.

"Why don't you come over and I'll show you."

"Ok" I said. 

I had been in Johns' house many times but even I was surprised when he showed me his "room."

A couple of years ago he had his master bedroom redone and he had expanded the master bathroom and moved the closet over. In the back of his closet he had a narrow dresser and when he shifted the dresser over there was a 2 foot wide short doorway. He explained that there was extra space between the bathroom and the closet and the contractors goofed. In exchange for a reduced price on the bill he had allowed them to leave the work as is. He himself cut the whole in here when he realized it butted up to the spare room. One weekend when his wife was out of town as a surprise for her he had installed a new mirror in the spare bedroom, only he had put in a two way mirror. Now he could see in to the spare bedroom when ever he liked and no one knew.

I crawled through the hole in the wall and he slid the dresser back in place. As I stood up I realized he had a tripod set up and was actualizing recording her bedroom. 

"We have to be quite in here he said. If she comes into the room she will here us."

Just as we were turning to head out she came into the room. She must have jut taken a shower because she was wrapped up in a towel. She sat on the corner of the bed and let the towel drop. Simultaneously we both reached for the record button. She reached for her bottle of lotion and began rubbing lotion on her legs. Slowly moved her hands up her thighs and over her tight stomach massaging lotion into her flawless skin then she started rubbing her tits. As I was watching her my cock was getting hard and straining against my jeans. I could hear her moaning softly as she was caressing her nipples. Her hands moved back down to her pussy and began slowly rubbing her pussy. Her fingers were thrusting in and out of her hot slit. She was moaning louder and she threw herself back on to the bed. Her fingers were moving faster and she started to shudder with an orgasm. She was lying on the bed naked when we decided we better get out of there before we were missed.

"That was incredible," I said to John. 

"Yeah that was the first time I saw her do that most of the time she is just changing her clothes," he replied.

Over the next couples of weeks I began to get to know Amanda more. She would sit for our kids and sometimes after we would get home my wife would go to bed and Amanda and I would just sit and talk for hours.

My wife and kids went to visit her mother for the weekend and I was home working around the house. I heard a knock at the door and it was Amanda.

"Hi, I noticed your wife left and thought you might need someone to cook you dinner."

I am perfectly capable of fixing my own dinner but I thought what the hell how often do you get a beautiful girl to cook your dinner.

"Sure," I said "Come on in."

She was wearing a white button down shirt tied over a blue tank top with a pair of tight hip hugging jeans and she looked fantastic.

We sat on the couch and just talked. She told me about friends and her boyfriend. 

"Can I ask you something?"

"Go ahead," I said.

"Well if a girl told you she was very experienced sexually but she really wasn't would you be able to tell if you slept with her?"

"Yeah probably why," I asked.

"I have been seeing this guy and I kinda implied that I was ... well that I had been with other guys before, I know it is getting to the point where I'm sure he is going to want to have sex and I'm scared he will find out I lied."

"Perhaps you should tell him the truth now so he has a chance to digest it before you guys decide to take this to the next step."

"I thought of that but then I thought that maybe I could learn some stuff from an older man that I trust and find very sexy."

"And where do you think you are going to find him?"

She began leaning over to me on the couch and I could feel her hard nipples pressed on my arm. In barley a whisper she replied "I was thinking about you."

Now I was taking back and little shocked but excited, I wanted to fuck this girl hard until we were both passed out from exhaustion. I wanted to fuck her until she cried for mercy and then I would fuck her until she begged for rest. I couldn't believe what I was hearing.

"I... uh I mean.... That is very flattering but.... I mean I'm married and ....."

"Would you rather that I just found another man to teach me, what if he is mean and takes advantage of me or worse what if he hurts me is that what you would rather do?'

"No of course not it just"

"Don't worry it will be our little secret I won't tell any one if you don't."

With that said she straddled me on the couch and began whispering I'm my ear.

"Tell me what you want done, teach me to please you."

"Ok what do you want to learn?'

"Well I was thinking about staring slowly with him and maybe lick his thing"

"Suck his cock "

"Yeah do that"

"Say it"

"I was going to suck his cock"

"Tell me you want to suck my cock"

"I want to suck your cock"

"Beg me"

"Please let me suck your cock please let me taste your hard dick"

She stood up and reached for my shorts. I grabbed her hand.

"Let me see your tits first. Dance a bit for me and let me see your hot little body. Let me see your hard little nipples." She untied her top shirt and let t fall to the ground. I could see the outline of her firm breasts and her nipples pressed against her shirt. She pulled off her tank top and released her tits from the compounds of her shirt. 

"That's better" I said as I reached up to squeeze her tit. I stood up and began kissing her neck while I was groping her breasts. With my head bent down I began sucking and biting her nipples. Listening to her moan with the taste of her nipples in my mouth I could feel my cock straining against the thin material of my shorts between us. I placed my hand on her shoulder and guided her down to her knees.

I took my shorts down and my cock sprang out and lightly touched her chin. She sat on her knees kind of just looking at my cock which I could understand it probably was bigger than she was expecting for her first time.

She leaned forward and began placing light kisses all over the head of my cock. Slowly she stuck her tongue out and licked the tip of my bulbous head. She then started kissing it again

"Open your mouth" I said.

She willing obliged

Slowly I began stroking my cock in her mouth. Barely getting the head in, I could feel her relaxing so I thrust more of my cock into her mouth.

"That feels good; take my big cock down your throat "

"Take it all." I said as I thrust deeper.

She started to gag a bit but I could feel her relax her throat and attempt to take more of my cock into her mouth.

"Oh yeah that's it suck my cock yeah I'm going to fuck your face."

I began thrusting harder. She took her hand and tried to wrap it around the base of my dick but could barley make her thumb and middle finger reach. With both hands stroking my dick I looked down at her and my cocked looked huge wrapped in her tiny hands.

Removing her hands from my dick I held them above her head as I fucked her face faster.

"I'm going to cum down your throat."

"Drink my cum let it fill your belly"

I began to moan as I loaded her mouth with my cum. She was swallowing fast to keep up with cum that began flowing out the sides of her mouth. I pulled my cock out her mouth and she sat there looking up at me with my cum glistening on her lips. Licking her lips she stood up.

"How was that?" she asked.

"That was great but I think you'll have to practice some more before you're ready."

. 

I cupped her face with my hands and began kissing those soft lips I had only dreamed about. I could taste her lip gloss berry of some kind. I slipped my tongue over her lips parting her lips a bit. Sucking her bottom lip and alternating exploring her mouth with my tongue. I began caressing her tits feeling her nipples get hard between my fingers. I bent my head down and sucked her nipple into my mouth biting her softly I heard her moan. I could feel her legs parting and could feel the warmth of her pussy on my hand as I rubbed her pussy. Pushing her back onto the couch I unbuttoned her jeans and began to slid them down. Oh my god I thought she isn't wearing panties. I pulled her jeans free and got a great look of her shaved pussy. She was already so wet her lips were glistening and I could smell her sweet pussy. I kissed down her body over her tight stomach and past her pussy, slowly kissing and licking her inner thighs. Moving my head up I slowly licked her cant lips darting my tongue between her lips dipping it into her hot snatch. I could feel her squirming around trying to make my tongue lick her clit. 

"Please lick me "

I am licking you"

"No please lick my spot"

"Say it beg me'

"Please lick my clit"

"Beg me tell me what you want"

"Please lick my pussy... eat my pussy suck my clit... make me cum "

I began licking her clit slowly moving my tongue faster I began swirling my tongue around her clit. Listening to her moaning and panting. Licking her clit down darting my tongue into her wet hole and continue to her butt hole then moving back up. I could hear her panting harder as I began sucking on her clit while flicking her hard nub with my tongue. She started coming and her pussy juice was gushing out of her hot slit, splashing down my face and soaking the couch.

"Oh my god that was incredible"

I grabbed her legs and pushed them up over her head. Staring at her pink pussy I was admiring how her pussy glistened with her cunt juices. I guided my hard cock to her tiny hole. Watching her pussy engulf my prick, she was so tight I could only get the head of my dick in her. She was moaning as I withdrew my cock and slid it in further.

"OOOOHH your cock is so big"

It took a few times but I was finally sliding my cock in and out her snatch. Her pussy was so tight. I was in ecstasy fucking this tight young girl. I was sliding my cock almost all the way out and pounding it in her. Her ass was jiggling and she was moaning loud.

'OOOHHHH YEAHHHH!!!! That's it fuck me hard"

I pulled out of her pussy and told her to get on her knees on the couch. She bent over and was holding on to the back of the couch. I positioned myself behind her and began fucking her. Reaching my hands around I began twirling her clit through my fingers. She was arching her back and shacking as I felt her cum around my cock. 

"Oh my God," she cried again. 

I pulled out and began fingering her pussy again getting my hand coated with her cum. Slowly I started adding another finger, and then another until I was fucking her with four fingers. I started lubricating her asshole with her cum. Sliding one finger in her ass as I finger fucked her pussy. I could feel her ass hole squeezing my fingers. After she came again on my hand I withdrew my fingers and began licking her pussy lips, sucking her clit in my mouth. I licked from her clit up to her asshole. She gave a small squeal of delight as my tongue licked over her anus. 

"Spread your ass cheeks for me," I told her.

She grabbed her ass cheeks and spread them apart stretching her ass hole a bit.I dipped my tongue in her ass hole and began fucking her ass with my tongue.

"I didn't know this could be so good," she whispered breathlessly. 

I stood up and positioned my cock head by her ass hole. Slowly sliding my cock in I could feel her tense up. As she got use to having something so large in her she relaxed a bit. I then started fucking her hard. Slamming my cock into her ass. Feeling her ass hole squeeze my cock. Faster I began fucking her

"OH OH OH!" she panted.

I grabbed her tit and squeezed her nipple. My other hand holding her at the waist forcing her to meet my thrust harder. I watched her ass jiggle and turn red as my body slapped her ass.

Grabbing her hips with both hands I fucked her. Feeling my orgasm approaching I fucked her harder. 

"Uuuugggggg," I moaned as I began filling her ass with my cum.

She collapsed on the couch. 

"That was amazing," she cooed to me, "But I think we will have to practice that some more."