 I lay on the bed; I can feel the sheets being warmed by my skin, smooth and familiar. I close my eyes for a moment and take a deep breath as I hear the car come to a stop outside. I roll onto my side, tucking my hand behind my ear and let my top knee drop forward, resting on the mattress and holding my weight. 

My eyes are trained on the door, expecting you, knowing you'll be walking through the door soon, see me here, naked, ready, waiting. I lick my dry lips, thinking about what will touch them soon, what they will get to touch and can feel my body heat with my wayward thoughts. 

I hear the click of the lock and the door swinging open. I hear your tread on the floor, smooth, steady. I see your shadow before you enter the room; your soft intake of breath tells me you've spotted me there, lying, invitingly. 

You dump your bag, your eyes trained on me as you continue to maintain eye contact and drag off your work shirt, shucking it over you head and throwing it aside, your quickly undoing your belt as you toe off your shoes and shove your pants and briefs down. I break the eye contact with you and let my eyes roam your exposed skin, my hands itching to touch you as my eyes glide over your chest, following the line of hair down to your pubic bone, then letting my eyes land on your hard cock. I lick my lips, my mouth suddenly dry as my eyes stay trained on your cock, you reach down, grasping yourself in hand and stroke slowly, making your way around to the side of the bed. 

I move to my knees, and you rest your hand beside my calf, leaning into me, you push my heavy curls behind my ear as you lean into kiss me softly 'and what's this...?' your voice is soft and gravely, I can hear the desire in it already. I bring my hand up, sliding my hand along your jaw and cupping it as I kiss you, deepening it, sliding my tongue along the seam of you lips, you open your mouth with a soft groan allowing my tongue to slide into your mouth, brush against yours. It feels good, hot, wet and your tongue brushing back against mine. I break the kiss, glancing down at your cock again, hungry. 

'I'm hungry.' I comment softly to your question, reaching out to your cock I grasp it, slipping to my belly again. I feel my heavy breasts graze against the bed sheets before I ad my weight, squishing them under my body, you drag my hair out of the way, half pulling it, half fisting it as I firm up my grip and pull your cock towards my greedy mouth. I hear you hiss softly as my lips touch the head of your cock, I open my mouth, letting my tongue snake out, mimicking my kiss from before, letting my tongue explore the head of your cock, running it first over the cleft, before sliding under to rub where the head meets the shaft. 

'Oh, god... yes baby...' you half mutter, half groan, as your hand flexes in my hair, your other hand flutters, touching my cheek, brushing my shoulder, my throat as you hips buck in a break in control and your cock slides deeper into my mouth. I start to bob, smooth, unhurried movements. I glance up at you, locking eyes with you as I feel my lips stretch tight around your shaft. You moan, your hips now moving with my face, hungry for what I'm offering. As the thrusts deepen I can feel the head of your cock butting up against the back of my throat. God, it feels good, with each thrust, I can feel my clit throb, hungry for what is coming. More, my mind screams as you push deep, holding my head steady and grind your hips every so slightly, I know if you keep it up, you will push into my throat. 

I drag back, thick ropes of saliva between your cock and my pink, pouting lips. I look up at you as I shift position, moving onto my back and sliding so my head falls over the side of the bed. 

'Fuck my throat... I want it deep... please.' I ask, licking the excess saliva off my lips as I move my restless legs, my hands itching at my waist to slide lower and touch my aching pussy. You drag your hard cock along my cheek, guiding towards my open mouth. You slide into my open mouth, shifting your weight forward slightly so you slide in easily, your hands going to my heavy breasts, tugging and squeezing my hard nipples. I moan, my body bowing slightly towards you hands, which had you sliding deeper into my mouth. I can smell the scent of you, sex, need and the scent that is you as you crowd my face. I take a deep breath, relaxing my throat as I feel your thrust start to lengthen. 

'Spread your legs for me baby...' you groan, your hands sliding over my stomach, to my thighs. 'Show me that wet cunt.' I moan, obeying your request. I feel so exposed, pinned as I am with my head back. You moan softly as I speak my legs, bending my knees up and letting them fall out wide, spreading my already wet pussy lips. Your thumbs do small circles at my upper thighs as I hear you take in a deep breath; you're thrusting slowing slightly as you stare at me. I fidget slightly under your stare, aware there are no flattering angles, nowhere to hide my desire from you. 

'Look at that sweet cunt.' You moan softly as your hips thrust hard, pressing firmly against the back of my throat and making me gag slightly at the unexpected thrust, my body bucking slightly in response. You moan softly watching me, before drawing back and sinking back into my mouth again, this time grinding your hips slightly, putting increasing pressure on my throat. 

'I'm going to stretch that throat of yours...' you tell me, I whimper slightly against your cock, half in anticipation, half in desperation for what is about to happen. 

You brace your hand beside my hip as you start to thrust smoothly, each time grinding at the base, preparing me for taking you totally. 

'Mmm, that clit of yours, can you feel how swollen it is? Its budding, I can see it.' You ask me rhetorically. My hips move restlessly in response to your question, my pussy feels like its on fire, I am desperate for you to touch me. My hands flutter softly and you tut. 

'No, no, I will be the one touching this delicious cunt of yours.' You tell me, your free hand sliding forward, brushing over my pouting pussy lips. I moan around your cock at the contact. Feeling myself fraying at the ends. God, touch me! My mind screams as your hands flutter, from my wet, pouting pussy lips to my damp thighs. Each time, always so close to my clit, but not touching it. 

Suddenly, you draw your hips back, and thrust strongly, your cock sliding into my throat, lubricated by the saliva you've been building up. I feel my throat stretch as you press in, and then I feel the whisper of air as your hand comes down, smacking my clit with the tips of your fingers. My body responds like I've been struck by lightening. My body bows under you, giving you greater access as you start to thrust your cock into my mouth, now being able to slide into my throat, you access in granted and you take full advantage. You start to rub my clit and your cock stuffing into my mouth breaks my moans. I can feel your balls brush against my face with each thrust. You bring your hand up, squeezing and twisting my nipples. Making them ache. I focus on my breathing, but it's hard, as you move between my throbbing clit and now sensitive nipples. 

I feel you spread my pussy lips, the cool air touching the slick skin, seconds before I feel two of your fingers slide down my slit and slide into my easily. We both moan as your fingers sink into my soaked pussy. I bring my knees up, planting my feet so I can roll my hips forward, giving you greater access. You thrust your fingers into me, before pulling them out and slapping my clit again with your wet fingers. I squeal under you, unable to do more than take what you're giving me. My breath is coming in short and sharp through my nose, my jaw is starting to ache from being forced open so far by your cock but I don't want you to stop. I want to cum, I want you to cum, and if your moans are any indication, it's not far away. Your fingers slide back down to slide back inside me, as you twist your hand, letting your thumb come up to my clit. 

'I'm going to make you cum...' you pant, swallowing heavily. 'I'm going to make you cum with my cock deep in that sweet throat of yours, how does that sound?' I moan my agreement, my clit feeling like its getting a pinch each time you thrust past the boundary of my throat. I'm so turned on; I can hardly keep my breathing smooth. 

I'm panting, I can feel my orgasm rising, like a wave inside of me, as you thoroughly take two of my holes. Your balls are slapping against me now, your movements frantic as you chase your own orgasm. I gasp, as you push deeply, making me take you all the way to the hilt, and grind your hips, increasing the pressure in my throat as you rub my clit without mercy. I feel the blinding heat, my mind explodes as my orgasm rolls over me. My body no longer in my command, I jerk and spasm under you as you keep moving your fingers, dragging the whole orgasm from me. 

'Yes that it, that's it... cum for me... cum as I fuck... fuck that tight... little.... throat' you groan, your movements punctuating your words before your body stiffens and I feel you expand slightly in my mouth, as the first rope of cum shoots into my throat. You jerk back slightly, moving back into my mouth as the next rope of cum fills my mouth. I swallow, instinctively, greedy for your cum. I suck, wanting to pull every last drop from you, and you jerk, sensitive to my tongue and lips now as your orgasm is receding. You slide your hands from my pussy, bracing your hands on either side of me; you lean forward and rest your head on my stomach. I can feel your brow, damp with sweat, and your shaking breath brushing against my sensitive skin. 

'Now that's how you brush away the stress of the day.' You tell me quietly as you plant a soft kiss on my stomach and push up to smile down at me fondly, pulling your cock from my mouth, you help me sit up. 

'I'm starved! Lets go have some dinner.'