 Standard disclaimer. You must be 18 or over to read this story. All the names have been changed to protect the lusted over. This is a continuation of the first part. It's also a fantasy. Enjoy!

As Kathy began to slide her pussy over my cock, I reached up and began to massage her tits again. A soft moan escaped her lips as I started to lift my hips off the bed, driving my cock a little deeper into her. Her pussy still clasped my cock in a very pleasurable way. I thought about baseball, basketball, football; anything to keep from coming. I looked up at her and she had the most serene look on her face. 

"Oh Dan, that feels so good," she moaned as I started to pick up the pace a little. 

"Kathy, you feel so tight. You're gonna make me come again."

"No! Not yet," she pleaded. "I want to come some more."

With that, she bore down on my cock and just sat there. I could feel her vaginal muscles massage my cock. I lifted my head and took a nipple in my mouth. My fingers lightly stroked her back. She came again, forcefully. Her cunt clamped down on my cock and I started to come.

"Oh Kathy, baby, I'm coming. Your pussy feels so good. Can you feel me coming, baby?"

My gorgeous sis-in-law threw her head back and screamed low, guttural and loud. 

"Oh God, Danny, oh my GOD!"

Her pussy clamped down on my cock in waves. My cock began to pulsate, ready to deliver my come.

"I can feel it! Oh, my dear, sweet brother-in-law. I can feel your penis throbbing. It feels so damn good!" 

She came again. I followed her very quickly, my cock shooting out a condom-filling load. Her head thrashed back and forth and she struggled for breath, as her orgasm overcame her. She collapsed, sobbing onto my chest. I held her, gently stroking her hair until she came back to her senses.

"Shh, it's okay Kathy. You okay?" 

She mumbled a soft yes and rolled off of me. My cock was covered with her juices. I left her in bed and went to the bathroom to cleanup. When I returned, I took her in my arms and we drifted off to sleep. Sometime later, my wife came into the bedroom.

"Everything go okay?"

I sleepily murmured, "Yes, catch you later hon" and drifted off to sleep.

About an hour later, I woke up. Kathy was still sleeping next to me so I got out of bed and looked for my wife. She was downstairs watching TV. 

"Hey Sleepyhead"

"Hey baby, how're things in the real world?"

"Eh, same old shit, every damn day. Nothing really on TV. I spent most of my time masturbating, listening to you take my sister's virginity. Sounds like she had a great time."

"Yeah, it appears that way," I smiled back. I sat down next to my wife and gave her a kiss. "Thanks for being so generous and supportive. I think your sister really needed that."

My wife reached over and grabbed my cock. "She didn't wear Mr. Happy out, did she?" My cock began to expand in her hand.

"Doesn't look like it now, does it?"

My wife bent her head down and started to lick and stroke my cock. I reached over and stroked her breasts through her t-shirt. Her head began to bob up and down on my dick when we were interrupted.

"Hey, what are you guys doi......" Kathy's words died on her lips when she saw my wife sucking my cock. "You put that thing in your mouth?" she asked incredulously.

"Hell yes!" was Sandy's reply. "I love the way his cock feels in my mouth. It gets so hard" She dove back down onto my cock and too me to the base. My eyes rolled into the back of my head and I moaned. I love it when Sandy gives me head. 

"Well, I think it's kinda disgusting. His thing was in me not too long ago, you know."

My wife just rolled her eyes at her sister and said, "Don't knock it until you've tried it. Want some?" She pointed my cock at Kathy and smiled. Kathy hesitated for a second and then joined my wife on her knees in front of my cock. "Have at it sis"

Kathy leaned forward and took a tentative lick of my cock. She ran her tongue over the head and then tried to suck me in. 

"Ow, hey sweetie, watch the teeth!"

"Sorry, less teeth huh?"

"Yes, please, less teeth."

Kathy began to kiss up and down my cock. She took her time and would ask my wife from time to time what I liked done. My wife knows I love to have my balls sucked. I keep them shaved so there's no distracting hair. Kathy licked down my shaft and tongued each of my nuts. She sucked one at a time into her mouth. I moaned in pleasure.

My wife once again left us alone to get our pleasure. I played with Kathy's hair as she sucked me. I untied the robe she was wearing and proceeded to fondle her tits. She moaned a bit around my cock but quickly got back to business.

"Maybe we should move upstairs, Kath" I said as I lifted her head off my cock. I quickly kissed her lips and taking her by the hand, led her upstairs to the bedroom. I quickly took off her robe and had her lay down on the bed. "Let's 69"

"What's that?" she asked.

"I'll eat your pussy and you suck my cock. No biting!" I laughed. I had her get on top. Normally, my wife is under me when we 69. I love to drive my cock deep into her throat but, with Kathy, I wanted to make sure she was comfortable doing it. Kathy quickly got on top of me and guided my cock to her mouth. 

As Kathy started to suck my cock, I reached up and stuck a finger in her pussy. She jumped a bit but soon got back in her rhythm. She was still using a bit too much teeth, but, it still felt damn good. Her pussy was starting to ooze a little and I ran my tongue from her asshole to her clit. She moaned around my cock and pushed her pussy back into my face. I love eating pussy and Kathy's was no exception. Other than being a bit too hairy for my tastes, it was sweet and delicious. 

I buried my tongue in her pussy and felt her come. My chin tapped her clit and she ground herself down on my face. She let go of my cock and sat straight up. Her back arched and she came again, drenching my face with her juices. I slapped her ass a couple of times and she jerked with each hit. Seems like pleasure from spanking runs in the family, I thought to myself. I ran my tongue over Kathy's clit and she jerked again. Sweet Jesus, I loved eating her pussy.

When she bent over to take my cock into her mouth again, I inserted a finger in her cunt. I felt her pussy squeeze my finger as I started to move it in and out of her. I soon added another finger and then started to pump my hips to signal she should take my cock deeper into her mouth. Although new at cock sucking, she did her best to take as much of my cock as she could. She gagged several times and had to pull all the way off. I just went with the flow and continued to finger her and suck on her clit. When I ran a finger over her asshole, she moved away from it. Okay, let's not do that again, Danny boy. She soon moved back over my face but withdrew my cock from her mouth.

"Not there, please."

"Okay, just testing the waters." I replied. "Listen, let me titty fuck you now."

"What's that?"

"Titty fucking is just what it sounds like. You squeeze your tits together and I fuck the valley in-between. Then, I come on your face or tits. I won't do your face, I promise."

"Okay, sounds like fun."

I had her lay back on the bed and then I moved over her. I suckled on her tits for a while and made sure I got her cleavage nice and wet. I moved up over her chest and had her squeeze her breasts together. Her breasts were so nice. I began to pump my cock between her tits. 

"Lick the tip of my cock, baby" I said.

Her tongue snaked out and she licked the head of my cock. I moved a little closer to her face and she began to suck on the head of my dick. 

"That's it baby, that feels so good!" I moaned.

I moved back down a bit and really began to fuck her tits. She was squeezing her nipples as my cock moved back and forth between her tits. 

"I'm gonna cum baby. All over your beautiful titties."

I heard her moan and then my cum shot out of my cock. The first spurt hit her chin. She tilted her head back so I didn't get any on her face. My second shot hit her neck and tits. I felt my balls contract again and I covered her tits with my sperm. I looked down and watched as she ran her hands over her tits. My come was pooling in the valley between her breasts. When she let her tits go, my come ran down to her stomach. She giggled a bit and dipped a finger and brought it to her mouth to taste. 

"Oh, too salty," she said with a grimace. "How the hell does Sandy swallow this stuff?"

"Maybe it's an acquired taste?" I replied. 

I got up to get a towel to wipe us off. As I was returning with the towel, Kathy was licking her fingers clean. 

"It's not too bad I guess," she smiled. "It feels so smooth on my breasts. My skin feels so soft."

"Nature's own skin cream." I joked. 

I wiped her tits clean of my come and then bent down and sucked on her nipples. I then took her by the hand and led her to the shower where I left her. I went downstairs to find Sandy and found her sleeping on the couch. I bent down and kissed her forehead.

"Lesson's over?" she asked sleepily.

"I think so. I don't want to make her sore. She'll probably be sore enough as it is. Besides, it's a start. She knows what sex is about. It's up to her to find her way from here, although, I wouldn't mind hitting that again."

My wife playfully slapped me. "I bet you would! Hey, I've got two other sisters for you to try."

"In my dreams" I replied.

"Maybe in your reality."

I wasn't about to hold my breath on that one. 

Thirty minutes later, my sis-in-law came downstairs fully dressed. She came over and sat on the couch. "Wow, that was interesting! Thanks for letting me find out what I've been missing."

"My pleasure" I said. "Thanks for letting me be the one to teach you."

She gave me a peck on the cheek and then kissed her sister. "Thanks Sandy, now I know why you guys have sex all the time. Dan really is a gentle lover. I don't think I could have had a better teacher."

"You're very welcome, Kath. You're also very welcome to come back for "refresher" courses if you want."

I just smiled to myself.