 Dominic undid his top button and sighed. The last pupil had left the class and the door swung shut, allowing an awkward silence to linger in the classroom. 

Dominic looked over at Lisa. He pulled at the sides of his jacket, just for something to do, as he awaited the eventual tirade of negative comments that came from his mentor. 

Lisa, a buxom blonde that had a penchant for wearing anything that showed off the greatest pair of legs Dominic had ever seen, was a total bitch. 

It wasn't that she was ever nasty; her comments and feedback were just never really balanced. Rarely praised; often criticised.

"So, what was wrong with that lesson, then?" Lisa was the sexiest woman Dominic had ever hated. She remained in the seat she had observed him from that afternoon.

"I'm not sure." 

"Well..." and off she went, throwing herself into wave after wave of what he did wrong and what he should have done instead. But, Dominic wasn't listening. It was Friday, the bell had gone and he'd heard it all before. How he needed to get more organised, how the kids weren't challenged enough, how he spent too much time on certain things and not enough time on others. 

"...I honestly think you need to think about whether teaching's for you." And, then, she stopped talking.

By this point, he had sat himself down in the chair behind the teacher's desk. Her desk. 

Dominic nodded. 

Lisa stood. Today, she was wearing a black skirt and matching jacket, an ice white blouse with black tights and 'fuck-me' heels. Her blonde hair fell down one shoulder and her powder blue eyes were matched by the pastel lipstick she'd applied to her mouth.

"Well, if you're not going to say anything, I think we have our answer, don't we?" 

She picked up the sheets she had made a formal observation on and almost charged towards Dominic.

"Well, that's just your opinion," he said in a hushed voice. Dominic felt himself go instantly hot. He refrained from looking at her, as he felt that would enrage her more. 

When he eventually did, Lisa's reaction was not as explosive as he'd anticipated.

"You're right. It is. But, I'm the one whose opinion matters. I'm the one who's going to be signing you off as a pass or a fail."

Dominic surprised himself as he continued to hold her gaze and, as she leaned in, he could swear her expression was softening.

"So, it'd be wise to start doing things my way," she whispered. Her mouth was so close to his ear, Dominic could feel her breath on the short hair on the back of his neck. An instant turn-on.

"I don't mean to fuck up all the time. I really don't want to let you down."

Lisa stood back up straight, but was closer to Dominic, still in the chair.

"I know. It's just- You're quite difficult to understand. Sometimes, you seem so stressed with everything and other times, you're so laid back and almost on another planet."

Then, just as he was almost thinking the exact same thing, Lisa leaned back in to whisper once more.

"You need to stop fantasising about me, Dominic."

She stood back up straight again. He couldn't look her in the eye. However, he could sense that Lisa was smiling, even though he could only really remember her smiling four months ago, when they first met.

"I don't know what you mean."

The fact Dominic still couldn't look her in the eye made his words unconvincing. He could only raise his eyes high enough to look at her legs and skirt. She'd now perched her luscious arse on the edge of the desk.

"Well, you keep telling yourself that, Dominic, but the tent in your trousers says different."

Once more, Dominic felt himself go red as he looked down on the huge erection that was on display. Too big to disguise; too late to hide. He knew he'd felt uncomfortable as to how close she'd got, but he hadn't realised how much blood was rushing to his cock.

"Miss Holdsworth, I'm so sorry. I really don't know what to say. I-"

"Shhhh, Dominic." She put the sheets down on the desk behind her and moved closer to him. Lisa pulled up her skirt a little and, raising her right leg, arched it over his bulging crotch and onto the other side of his legs, straddling him. For the briefest of moments, Dominic could have sworn he saw that she was wearing stockings and not tights. As she wriggled her arse onto his legs and leaned back against the desk, Dominic neither knew what to say or do; his hands hung by his side, almost as low as his mouth.

"Now, let's be honest with one another, Dominic." Both of her hands were on his tie. He felt it tug slightly, as she played with it.

"We both know you like the way I look, the way I dress. If you're hard-on wasn't proof, the look you've been carrying on your face since we met is. You want me. And, let's just say I'm a little more than a little intrigued as to what you've been thinking these last few months."

Dominic didn't know what to say or do, until Lisa wriggled her arse up his thighs and pressed her whole frame against his front. Her wet sex could feel the heat of his bulging erection, as it strained in his trousers. As she felt it, Lisa's smile grew.

"Well, if you're not going to tell me, you're going to have to show me."

She leaned in, forcing her lips against his. This led to Dominic placing his hands on her back; she wrapped her own arms around his neck and snaked her tongue into his mouth, moaning as his reacted, caressing it back. 

His arms massaged her back, taking her out of her jacket, and then, as she squeezed her chest against him, Dominic reached down and grabbed her arse, causing her to pull her lips away with a gasp.

He then leaned in and began to kiss her beautiful neck, each kiss released a passionate moan from her and he pulled his hands down to her knees, simultaneously running them back up their thighs, under her skirt and over the top of her sexy black stockings.

"So, I wasn't imagining those."

Lisa giggled, but stopped as his hands pulled at her dripping wet panties. They were made of lace and, as she enjoyed her neck being kissed, she began to unbutton her blouse, revealing a matching black bra. Dominic worked his mouth down to her voluptuous chest as he worked his fingers past the material of her knickers and brushed one against her sensitive vagina.

Lisa moaned with absolute ecstasy. She leaned back, allowing her blouse to fall completely open. Dominic pushed two fingers inside her, which caused her to scream so loudly, he thought she was about to explode.

Lisa froze. She was still leaning back, as he continued to bury his fingers inside her slick vagina, imagining what it would be like to put his cock in there. He massaged her inside and, with another, began to play with her clit.

"Oh, fuck! Yes! There! Like that! Like that!"

Her mouth open, but her eyes closed, Lisa grabbed Dominic's wrist and pulled his hand, wet with her juices, away from her. She moaned. Her head titled forward and, as her eyes opened, she wore a crazed horny look.

Lisa stood herself up, away from Dominic's lap and knelt down, stretching the material of her skirt and unbuckling his trousers, released his cock from its fabric prison. She smiled. It twitched and she prised his trousers down, so that his bare arse was on his seat. Lisa leaned forward and licked the tip of his erect penis, before she leaned backwards and spat on it.

Dominic groaned with pleasure before she almost devoured his meat in one go. He put his hand on her head before moving it away, thinking she might think that was too pushy, but she stopped sucking him off to catch a breath and say "Put your hand back. Force me onto you!"

With that, he placed his hand back on the same spot and pushed her down until he could feel the back of her throat with the tip of his dick.

She moaned as Dominic rolled his head back before he let her up, gasping a little.

"Do you like being told what to do?"

Lisa nodded, as she began licking his length.

"Stand up. I don't want to cum like this." Lisa smiled as she raised to her feet. Dominic stood too, pushing the chair to one side and positioning Lisa against the wall, facing it.

He removed her white blouse and bending down, began to caress her beautiful stockinged legs, racing his hands up, onto her thighs, over the lacy bump of the stocking tops and, grabbing her knickers, pulled them. They tore. She gasped and, spinning her round, pushed her towards the desk - her beautiful arse in the air and only covered by the material of her skirt, which Dominic shimmied up, so that it sat on her hips.

He slapped her arse with his hand. Hard. Lisa gasped and squealed all at once. 

"Did you like that?"

"Yes!"

"You know, for months now, you've treat me like shit."

He spanked her again. Harder. She squealed again. Louder.

"You've had too much fun from watching me run around, like a gormless prick."

Dominic took his trousers, which had been at his ankles, off completely.

"Well, now it's my turn. I'm going to fuck you like a slut, Lisa. You're going to be my naughty girl, aren't you? I'm going to use you like a whore!"

Like the hand pushing her head down, he thought he'd gone too far, but she surprised him.

"Oh, God! Yes! Fuck me! Please, fuck me like a slut!"

"Do you like me calling you that? Slut."

"Oh, it gets me so wet! Please, just take me!"

With that, Dominic plunged his cock into Lisa's wet hole, slipping it in easier than his fingers. She screamed and threw herself further over, onto the desk. Dominic brought himself out a little, before sliding his way back in, his balls touching her too. 

Lisa moaned loudly as she put her hands on the desk and raised herself up. Just then, Dominic grabbed a fistful of her hair and began to find a rhythm, gyrating deeply inside her, his other hand on her hip.

"Do you like that, slut?"

"Yes."

"Do you admit that you've treat me like shit?"

"Yes. I've been such a bad girl. I need to be punished. Do what you need to do, Mr Johnson."

Dominic felt a little electric charge run through his penis as she called him that. 

"You're mine now, Lisa."

"Yes," she gasped, as he fucked her deep. "Take my hole! Own it!"

Dominic could feel himself getting close. He leaned back a little, but still gripped onto her blonde hair. Running his other hand along her back, he reached her bra strap and unclasped it, letting her bra wriggle down her arms and onto the desk.

"Your cunt belongs to me now."

"God, baby. Yes! I'll take your cock whenever you want."

"Every Friday." His sack slapped against her as he tried to go deeper into her. "If you treat me like shit too much throughout the week, I won't fuck you. And, you've got to wear skirts every day, so that I can put my hand up them, if I want. Is that clear, you dirty girl?"

"Yes! Oh, God!" 

"Say 'yes, Mr Johnson.'"

"Yes, Mr Johnson!"

And, with that, he exploded inside her. A hot stream of cum flowed out of him and into her minge, causing him to groan loudly. 

Dominic pulled himself out, away from her sex. His cock was dripping with her sweet juices. For a moment, Lisa stayed bent over the desk, before Dominic grabbed her skirt and, smoothing it down enough to unzip it, allowed it to drop to the floor. The remains of her lacy underwear somehow stayed on her hips as he turned her around and perched her on the desk. Grabbing her right leg, Dominic took in the sight of her glistening slit, arching her leg up onto the desk, before he lowered himself to his knees. She wrapped her left leg around his neck, her shoe slipping off her foot and to the floor. Dominic moved in and began tonguing her dripping wet hole. 

"I thought I was your slut."

"I want you to cum. You deserve to feel what I just have."

Raising his hand, he stroked her upper thigh as she began to gasp and moan at the feel of him flicking her clit with his fast tongue.

Lisa groaned with ecstasy as her vagina reacted to him.

"God, I feel like I'm on fire, I'm so close!" She placed her hand on the back of his head, playing with his hair. 

"Fuck, there! There!"

A sudden shockwave ran up her body and she released an orgasmic scream.

"Oh, fucking hell, that was fantastic!" Lisa lowered her right leg from the desk and Dominic stood up. They stood and locked eyes with each other, both somewhat undressed and in no rush to put their clothes back on.

"I think I'm going to enjoy our new working relationship."

Lisa could see that Dominic's cock was becoming hard again. She reached forward and began to stroke it into a full erection.

"Me too, Miss Holdsworth." He smiled, knowing they were not done with each other yet.