 "I have something I think you'd like."

"What's that?" I asked, my voice taking on a sexy tone I hadn't intended. 

"I can show you after work if you like," Raymond smiled warmly at me. It appeared to be an innocent conversation. Our coworkers probably had no idea that his invite to show me something after work was sexually charged. They knew Raymond as a faithfully married man and he was. Well, he almost was. He had been flirting with me incessantly since I had started working there.

"Okay, sounds good!" I tried my best not to wink at him or to show my feelings. I knew how important it was that he maintain his image as a good husband and father. I didn't want to make his life hard. I just wanted to fuck him so much. I needed his older, married dick more than I needed most things in life. His smile haunted me after work and into my dreams. I fucked myself to his image in my mind. I pictured him pumping his cock in and out of my pussy.

"You're better than my wife," he always told me in my fantasies. That made me cum on most nights.

"Great. I'll come by your desk around five then." He looked so eager.

"Okay, great." I smiled warmly and I knew that I couldn't hold back some of the flirtation that had built up inside of me. His hand touched my arm slightly and I could feel the chills run up and down my spine. Just his touch drove me mad. How would I handle it if we fucked? I knew it was wrong. He was married. I shouldn't be feeling this way.

I headed back to my desk and tried to get through my work, which was difficult. I looked over at Raymond often and smiled to myself. He was my dirty, little secret and I was his. We hadn't had sex yet but all the signs were there. He had told another coworker that he would totally fuck me and that information had been passed on to me. I played with that information in my mind as I thought about him taking control of me. I couldn't wait for work to be over so he could show me whatever he was going to show me. I hoped it was his dick. 

I was counting the minutes until it was time to go. I was getting nervous when 5 o'clock came and went. I looked over to where Raymond usually worked and he wasn't there. Had he left without me? I started to panic. I checked my phone to see if he had texted me anything. There was nothing. The time crept by and I pretended I was still working as I waited for Raymond to show. What if he didn't show up? Just when I was about to give up I heard his voice.

"Here there, beautiful. Sorry, I'm late. I had an issue I needed to deal with. Are you still up for checking this out with me?"

"What exactly are we checking out?"

"It's a bit of a surprise and I'm going to have to ask you to trust me."

"Trust you?"

"Yeah. You trust me, don't you?"

"Yes," I felt a warm flush settle over my body. I wanted to fuck him so badly. I wondered if everyone could tell as he waited for me to gather my purse and my phone before we walked side by side to the door.

"Bye Natasha!" Raymond called to the girl who worked the front desk.

"Bye!" she called back and I noticed the slight flirtation in her voice. Was I really getting jealous over a man I wasn't even fucking? He was married! What was I even doing?

"Come on," Raymond gestured to me. "I want to show you my truck. It's the kind of truck that girls your age really like."

"What do you mean by that?" I giggled.

"It's lifted. You like to go off-roading?"

"I've never done that before."

"Maybe I misjudged you. I thought you liked a rough, bumpy ride." Now I could see that he was flirting as he led me to the passenger side of his truck and opened the door for me like a gentleman. He helped me up into the truck, grabbing my ass and pushing it upward toward the seat.

"This is high!" I said nothing about his hand on my ass but I could feel the touch radiate through my body until it reached the core of my being. I felt weak and I didn't know if I could hold out much longer. I wanted to give in to him. I wanted him to fuck me so badly and I knew that it was going to happen if I just let it. At least I hoped that it would happen. He ran around to the driver's side and hopped up into the cab.

"You ready to go for a ride?"

"What kind of ride?"

"A hard, dirty one. I know you like that."

"Do you now?"

"I see how you've been looking at me. Come here for a second." He pulled me to him and he kissed me, his married lips on mine. I let it happen, allowing him to kiss me fully. His hands wandered over my body a bit but he pulled away. "Let's go somewhere more private. I don't think the office parking lot is the best idea."

"Yeah," I said stupidly, still dumbfounded from his kiss. I couldn't believe that he had been so cavalier to kiss me in the parking lot of our office. I couldn't believe I was in his truck with him and about to go find a spot to go fuck. This was everything I had wanted and yet I felt so horrible about it. I knew that he was married. I was about to mess with another woman's husband. I knew I shouldn't do it but I wanted it so much. I wanted to feel Raymond pumping his cock inside of me. He turned up the radio and drove to a secluded field. I wondered if he'd driven to this same field before with other girls. I didn't really want to know.

"Here looks good," he laughed nervously.

"So um, was this all you wanted to show me?"

"No, not at all. I was hoping to show you this." He leaned in and kissed me again, this time working his hand up my skirt and into my panties. He expertly fingered me, working my pussy the way only a married man who is desperate for some alternate pussy can. He was hungry for me and so he parted my legs and pulled my panties down, untangling them from my heels before he buried his face into me.

"Wow! I love it!" I exclaimed and I wasn't lying. He did things with his tongue that made my clit dance. I could feel his lust for me and it was so palpable I could almost grab it. I screamed loudly, my entire body shaking with pleasure for him as he ate me out. I hadn't ever been with such an experienced man before and I was starting to wonder what had taken me so long to try an older man. He had a finger in my pussy and he was working it against my G-spot. I screamed as his tongue massaged my clit in ways that drove me crazy. I was pushing him away with my hands because it was too much but he wouldn't let me! He just kept pushing back and making me cum harder! I squealed until he finally stopped, out of breath and panting.

"That's part of what I wanted to show you. What do you think so far?"

"I think I want to see more!" I giggled.

"You're so beautiful when you laugh," he complimented me and I wanted to fall in love with him after what he had just done to me with his tongue. I knew I couldn't. He was married. I felt instantly guilty.

"You're married," I said stupidly. I don't know why I said it. It just came out.

"I am."

"Don't you feel bad about what you just did."

"Not really. I don't feel bad about this either." He pulled his cock out of his pants. "Why don't you come here and suck it for me, baby." He gestured to me to come closer and I hesitated for a fraction of a second before I made my decision and moved to him. I wrapped my mouth around his thick cock and I tried my best to suck it all the way down my throat. "Is it too big for your mouth?"

I nodded, still trying to get it down.

"It's okay, baby. Just do your best. Put your hand on my balls." He coached me through the blowjob, giving me orders and watching me try to carry them out. "You're doing so good. You're such a sexy woman. So much hotter than my wife."

I blushed, looking up at him with greed. I needed him to fuck me and I needed it badly. I pulled my mouth from his cock and was shocked at how sexy my voice sounded. "I need you to fuck me now."

"I've got you covered, baby. Take off the rest of these clothes. You don't need them, baby." I shed my clothes and he sat me down on the bench seat of his truck. He licked my pussy a little bit to make sure it was nice and wet. It was. I had been waiting for this moment for a long time. Sure, he was married but he was mine for right now and so I took his cock in my pussy. I let him in. He went slowly at first, moving in and out with long, languid strokes.

"Harder!" I begged him.

"Really?"

"Yes, and faster! I like it rough!"

"I knew you were the right girl for me!" he cried. He did what I asked, fucking me harder and faster than I was used to. I loved how it felt, the way he gripped my shoulders and pushed me down onto his cock fully. I screamed as I let go, my first orgasm on his cock gripping me tightly. "I love how you can take it rough. Not like my wife. Plus, you're so young and beautiful. It's no wonder I can't resist fucking this pussy!"

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" I screamed and I knew I was in trouble by the way the orgasms kept coming. He flipped me onto my hands and knees and fucked me from behind, his thrusts getting rougher and rougher as they sunk into my young flesh. He was now grunting and pulling my hair back with a force that made me wonder when he was going to stop. It was starting to hurt and the roughness was getting to the point where I didn't know if I could take it anymore.

"I'm so glad I have this pussy to fuck now. You're going to let me keep fucking you, aren't you? Huh?"

"I don't know..."

"Wrong answer!" He fucked me even harder and I could hear the sound of his dick pounding my flesh, the slapping of skin on skin filling the truck cab. "I'm going to ask you again. You're going to let me keep fucking you, aren't you?"

"Yes! Yes! You can fuck me again!"

"I can fuck you whenever I want too. At the office in the break room. In the supply closet. On lunch break in the restaurant bathroom. Tell me I can fuck you whenever I want!"

"You can fuck me whenever you want!" I screamed and as soon as I finished saying those words, I began to cum. Hard. My screams filled the truck and I could feel him pumping his dick in and out of me at a record pace. I braced myself as I felt his cock swelling inside of me. I knew he was going to cum even before he did. We hadn't used a condom and I knew he was filling my pussy with his cum. I would have said something but he was moaning and grunting so loudly he wouldn't have heard me anyway.

Then it was over.

We were silent as we gathered our clothes and put them back on. We said nothing as he handed me a box of tissue and I took a bunch and wadded them up between my legs to mop up the mess he'd made in my pussy. I tried not to think about the fact that he was married but it was all I could think about. I felt so guilty and yet I felt so satisfied. It was like him being married had made me cum harder.

"I'll drive you back to your car," Raymond said softly. "Look, I'm sure this goes without saying but let's keep this between us. Please don't tell anyone else at the office."

"Okay, sure."

"And you can't tell my wife or my kids. It would ruin our family. Please promise me."

"I promise." 

It was dark as he stopped next to my small sedan in the parking lot of our office. All the cars were gone now and I wondered if anyone had seen us drive away together in his truck. I looked at Raymond as I opened the door, willing him to say something.

"Thanks for the pussy," he smiled. That wasn't quite what I had been expecting or wanting.

"You're welcome," I said stupidly. I jumped down out of the lifted truck and landed awkwardly in my heels. "Bye!"

"Bye! I'll see you tomorrow. Remember what you promised!"

"Bye!" I called again as I walked to my car and unlocked it. By the time I made it home, I felt terrible about what I had done. I felt so bad that I got out my vibrator and relived the whole thing in my mind one more time. I came hard, the guilt working against the fantasy in just the right way. I wasn't sure why it turned me on so much to be the other woman. All I knew was that it did and I was going to fuck myself until I couldn't cum anymore and hope that Raymond would fuck me again at work the next day. I hoped he fucked me even harder next time just because I knew it was something his wife wouldn't let him do. I wanted to be special. I wanted to be indispensable to him. I wanted to edge out his stupid wife and claim his dick as my own.