 I had just gotten back from the grocery store to discover Samantha already in the kitchen, starting to cook supper. When I first walked in the door I did a double take because she had changed into a red tank top and a skirt that stopped right at her knees. The skirt was fairly snug around her hips and ass and did a wonderful job of showing off her curves, but what really grabbed my attention was the tank top that she had changed into. It was fairly low cut and showed a lot of cleavage and Samantha, with her 36D chest, had a lot of cleavage to show off.

I set the groceries down on the floor and walked up behind her while she was standing at the kitchen counter. I wrapped my left arm around her stomach and my right arm just above her chest as I pulled her against me and kissed her neck. From my current vantage point I could see right down her halter top and was very turned on to discover that she was wearing her black bra that had a little flower design on the left cup. I used my right hand to pull her hair away from her face as I slowly kissed my way up her neck to her ear. I nibbled on her ear lobe and whispered to her "I want you Samantha". She moaned and pressed her ass harder against my groin, causing my cock to stir.

Still nibbling on her ear, I ran my left hand up from her stomach, over her large breasts and up to her cheek, turning her head first and then her body to face me. I looked into her deep brown eyes for a moment before I leaned towards her and kissed her intimately on the lips. I gently slid my tongue out towards her mouth, running it along her lips before seeking out her tongue. I massaged her tongue with mine as I slid my right hand down her back, tracing her spine with my fingertips before letting it rest on her ass. I pulled her body tightly against mine and I could feel a slight gasp escape from her mouth as she felt my hard cock pressing against her groin.

Breathless and very turned on, we finally broke our kiss. I began to kiss my way down her neck and along her exposed shoulders. I took her arm in my hands and gently nibbled my way down to her hand where I proceeded to slowly suck each of her fingers into my mouth and lick them, watching the expression on her face as I did. Samantha let out a little moan as we gazed into each other's eyes and I released her hand so that I could lean back towards her and kiss her mouth.

This time when we broke the kiss, I began kissing her collarbone and working my way down towards her cleavage. I worked my way around the tops of her breasts, feeling their softness against my face and my mouth. I slid my face down her body, over her breasts and stomach until I was looking at her skirt. I inhaled deeply and could smell her scent already. I took the bottom of her halter top in my hands and began to lift it up as I started kissing her bare stomach, working my way up to her belly button.

I lifted her shirt up so that it was resting on the top of her breasts, exposing her very sexy black bra. I continued to kiss my way up her body until I reached the bottom of her bra, where I proceeded to kiss and lick my way up between her very large breasts, placing kisses over all of her exposed skin. As I was doing this, she reached down and took my t-shirt in her hands, lifting it up and over my head.

I stopped kissing the tops of her breasts for a moment and looked at her adorable little face as I wrapped my arms around her bare back and pulled her against me. I could feel her bra pressing against my chest and her stomach against mine as I began to nibble on her ear again, enjoying the little moans that were escaping her mouth.

As I was nibbling on her ear, I reached behind her and undid the clasp on her bra. I pulled away from her body and lifted her halter top up and over her head. As I did this, her bra loosened from her body a little bit and her right nipple became exposed. Her nipple was extremely hard and pointing straight at me. I couldn't resist myself as I leaned in and gave it a long, slow lick with my tongue. This caused Samantha to gasp and say "Oh Ean".

I had an overwhelming desire to feel her bare breasts pressing against my chest so I pulled her bra the rest of the way off and pulled her against me. As we passionately kissed each other I could feel her rock hard nipples and her smooth, soft breasts pressing against me. I placed my hand on her cheek and began to slide it down her face, along her neck and as we broke away from each other, breathless and panting, I slid my hand over the tops of her breasts.

I ran my other hand up over her bare side and cupped her left breast as I leaned forward and began kissing her chest. Samantha moaned loudly as I began to run circles around her nipple with my tongue, getting close but never actually touching her nipple. I slowly made smaller and smaller circles with my tongue until I finally made contact, causing another moan to escape from Samantha. I took her nipple in my mouth and gently brushed my teeth over it as I ran my tongue along the tip.

I slid my left hand down her back towards her ass, sliding it inside the waist of her skirt, intending to feel the softness of her panty covered ass, only to discover that she wasn't wearing any panties under her skirt. This caught me by surprise and I let her nipple pop out of my mouth as I said to her "You're not wearing any panties!"

She blushed as she responded "I wanted to feel naughty."

I knelt down in front of Samantha and placed my hands on the back of her calves. I slowly ran my hands up her legs, pushing her skirt up as I did so. When I exposed her lower thighs I stopped moving my hands upwards and began to kiss her legs, just above her knees. I began to kiss my way up her thighs, slowly sliding my hands up along the back of her legs, moving her skirt up slowly, inch by inch.

Finally, my hands reached her ass and I could at last feel her soft flesh with my fingers. At the same time, I also found myself staring right at her exposed pussy. She had a small amount of neatly trimmed hair around her pussy lips, which were very moist at this point. I continued kissing my way up her thighs until I reached her pussy. I gave her lips a very long and slow lick all the way from the bottom to the top of her clit. This caused a gasp to escape Samantha's lips and I could feel her wobble slightly as her knees became weak.

I stood up and with my hands still on her ass, I hoisted her off the ground and sat her on the kitchen counter. This movement caused her breasts to bounce up and down. Her kitchen counter was at the height of my waist and placing Samantha on it caused her breasts to be placed at my eye level. I slid my hands out from under her ass, leaving her skirt bunched up around her waist and her pussy exposed. I leaned forward towards her and began kissing her breasts again, sucking each nipple into my mouth as I ran my fingertips over her soft, inviting flesh.

I paused and stood back for a moment, admiring Samantha's beautiful body. Everything from her shoulder length hair to her large breasts, tight pussy and even her adorable toes caused me to find her irresistible.

My pausing caused her to look down at me and ask "What?"

I smiled up at her and said, "I was just admiring your sexy body, I love looking at you."

She blushed as I leaned down and took her foot in my hands. I began to kiss her little toe and noticed that she had moved her right hand towards her pussy so that she could play with herself. I stood back up, took her right hand in mine and began to suck each of her fingers into my mouth and swirl my tongue around them. I kissed the palm of her hand and then placed it back on the counter, shaking my head and saying "no" to her.

She gave me a really cute, pouty look and I just looked up at her a smiled, shaking my head. I leaned back down and resumed my kisses on her toes. I sucked each toe into my mouth before I began to kiss my way along the top of her foot to her ankle. I began to slide my hands up the back of her leg and dragged my nails down the back of her calf as I kissed my way up to her knee.

Samantha spread her legs further apart and slid her ass closer to the edge of the counter, trying to give me better access to her pussy, letting out a quiet whimper to try and convince me to move quicker.

Very slowly, I began kissing my way up her inner thigh, getting closer and closer to her pussy. As I got further up her thigh I could smell her scent and found it absolutely intoxicating. At this point, my cock was pushing painfully against my pants so just as I was about to reach her pussy I stood up and began to unbutton my pants. Samantha let out a little whimper when she realized I wasn't going to lick her pussy just yet but she stared intently at me as I pulled my pants off my hips.

I was wearing a snug fitting pair of boxer shorts and my cock was pushing straight out against the material. I pulled the waistband of my boxers out and over my cock and dropped them down to the floor. Samantha reached her hand out towards my cock and wrapped her fingers around it. I closed my eyes and moaned as she ran her hand up and down the shaft of my hard cock.

After letting her stroke my cock for a minute, I placed my hand over hers and removed it, placing it back onto the counter. I placed my hands on her thighs, sliding them up and down her smooth flesh as I leaned forward and kissed her stomach. I worked my way down to her pussy and placed my mouth over her very wet, juicy lips. I stuck my tongue between her pussy lips and gave her a deep lick before pulling my mouth away, savouring the taste of her juices.

I looked up at Samantha and placed my hand on the back of her neck, pulling her face down towards me and proceeded to kiss her so that we could both taste her pussy at the same time.

I leaned back down towards Samantha's spread legs and placed my mouth on her lower thigh. This time, instead of using my lips and tongue, I dragged my teeth along her thigh and gave her little nibbles as I worked my way back up her thigh. I got close to her pussy which was extremely wet at this point and I began to give her little kisses around her pubic region, enjoying the feel of her soft, freshly shaved skin.

I worked my way everywhere around her pussy, giving her little kisses, licks and nibbles while carefully avoiding any contact with her clit or pussy lips. I could hear her whimper anytime I moved my mouth away from her pussy. Finally, I stuck my tongue out and dragged it all the way along her lips, up and over her clit, causing Samantha to let out a long moan. I then withdrew my head from her lap and slid my hand up her thigh, running my fingertips over her pubic mound. I slid my finger down over her clit and over her pussy. I was enjoying the feeling of how wet she was getting and I continued to gently run my fingers along her moist lips as I leaned back in and began to lick her clit.

I ran little circles around her clit with my tongue as I slowly worked my finger inside of her pussy, feeling the warmth and tightness that she was offering me. I continued to massage her clit with my tongue as I slid my other hand up her stomach towards her breasts. I squeezed her breast as I moved my hand up towards her nipple. Taking her nipple between my fingertips, I gave it a light tug as I massaged the inside of her pussy with my other hand.

I slid my hand off her breast and back down her body and let it come to rest on her thigh. I slowly withdrew my finger from Samantha's moist pussy and began to run my finger down lower, towards her ass. I continued to lick her clit as I placed the palm of my hand over her pussy and started rubbing it back and forth against her pussy lips. I gently began to start tracing circles around her asshole with my fingertip. I could hear Samantha moaning very loudly at this point and I know she was getting close to an orgasm.

I wanted to send her over the edge so I sucked her clit into my mouth and gently grazed my teeth against it while still running my tongue along it. This caused her to scream out as she started cumming, "Oh EAN! EAAAANNN! YEEEEEEEEES!" After Samantha's orgasm subsided, I helped her down off of the countertop and we stood there for a couple of minutes with our arms wrapped around each other. I could feel her naked flesh pressed against mine, my hard cock pressing between her legs and we just stood there, enjoying the feel of each other's bodies. When we broke apart from each other, her skirt fell down around her knees, leaving her standing there with her breasts in full view but her pussy now hidden.

She gazed down at my erection and licked her lips before giving me a light shove backwards, indicating that I should sit down on one of the kitchen chairs. I was very eager to feel myself inside of her pussy at this point but I knew better than to rush Samantha, she enjoyed stretching out the foreplay as much as I did so I reluctantly took a seat and waited to see what she had in store for me.

She walked over to where I had sat down and put her cute little ass in my lap, with both of her legs swung to my right side. I loved the feeling of my cock pressing against her when she sat on my lap. It was one of the many ways that I could show her just how much she excited me. She wiggled back and forth a little bit in my lap while we both looked at each other, she had a giant grin on her face that I'm pretty sure matched the one that was on mine.

She leaned her face down to mine and began to kiss me, very softly at first with just our lips brushing each other. She slowly began to slide her tongue towards my mouth and began to lick my lips before she entered my mouth in search of my own tongue. I enjoyed the sensation of having her on top of me while we kissed and was disappointed when she broke away from my mouth.

She leaned her head towards my ear and began to nibble on my ear lobe, sliding her tongue all over my ear. I could feel her hot breath against my sensitive skin and was really enjoying the attention that she was giving me. I let out a little moan as I wrapped my left arm around her back and began to drag my fingernails down her spine. I also let my right hand wander over to her breasts and began to play with her nipples.

Samantha has some of the most sensitive nipples I've ever seen and when I began to play with them she started to moan into my ear. Feeling her hot breath and hearing her moan while she was licking my ear almost made me explode right there.

She started to stand back up but I grabbed her by the waist and pulled her back onto my lap. She giggled and told me to behave or she'd have to tie my hands behind my back. This caused me to flash back to the first time that Samantha ever tied me up and how much fun we had. She teased me to no end that night and we had both enjoyed orgasm after orgasm. I had never been so sexually satisfied in my life. I considered misbehaving again so that she would have to tie me up and we could repeat that first time but I decided against it, I wanted to see what she had in mind for tonight.

She stood up with her right side facing me and slowly ran her hands from the back of her skirt covered thighs, over her cute little ass, around her side and up and over her stomach until she had both of her hands cupping her breasts just below her nipples. She gave them a little squeeze as she turned towards me. Samantha placed both of her hands on the back of my chair as she leaned over, causing her breasts to hang down in front of my face. She moved her mouth next to my ear and whispered, "My breasts really turn you on don't they?"

"Mmm, yeah, your breasts make me so hard," I responded. She slid her body forward a little further until her breasts were pressing against my face and I could feel her soft skin against my cheeks. I let out a little moan as I began to kiss her chest as she stood over me. I loved it when she displayed herself to me, teasing me with her body, knowing how much she could excite me with a simple display of skin.

Samantha leaned back a little bit so that she could kiss me again. As we were kissing, I felt her place her hand around my very hard shaft and give my cock a squeeze. This caused my body to shudder and I moaned into her mouth. I wanted her to stroke my cock, to give me some release. I wanted her so badly at that point it was driving me insane. She made a fist around my cock and began to slide her hand up and down my shaft as we continued to kiss each other.

The tip of my penis was oozing a lot of pre-cum and this allowed her hand to slide up and down with very little effort. I was really enjoying the feel of her hand around me while she was massaging my lips with her tongue when she suddenly stood up and took her hand off of me. I groaned with disappointment and looked up at her with my puppy dog eyes, begging her to continue.

She looked down at me and gave me a mischevious grin. That was when I noticed that her left hand was no longer empty. She had grabbed the bottle of vanilla scented lotion off of the kitchen table while she was leaning over me. I was curious what she had in mind when she opened up the bottle and began to squeeze some of it out onto her chest. She started on her left breast and squeezed a line of cream all the way over to her right breast, making sure to get some on each of her nipples.

I was so turned on at this point that I couldn't help but move my hand over to my cock and begin to slide it up and down. I had my fingers wrapped all of the way around it and I was starting at the tip of my penis, giving myself long, slow strokes as I started hypnotically at Samantha's chest.

She looked down at my hand and smiled, watching me stroke my cock as she leaned back over to the table and placed the bottle back down. This caused her breasts to hang down from her body again and I moaned as I stared at the erotic sight in front of me while stroking myself.

Samantha leaned back up, standing in front of me with a line of white lotion over her breasts when she brought both of her hands up and placed them over her nipples. She began to lightly run her hands over her breasts, spreading the lotion all over them, making sure to get the sides of her chest as well as the valley in between her giant mounds.

Seeing her rubbing lotion into her chest put me on the verge of an orgasm but I slowed down and dragged it out, I didn't want to cum just yet, I was enjoying the show way too much. I loved watching Samantha touch herself, seeing how turned on she was and how much pleasure she was having always caused me to get an instant erection.

It reminded me of the most erotic sight I had seen in my life. I came home one day and discovered her laying naked on the couch. She had rented a movie from the local adult store and was touching her pussy while she was watching the TV. When she saw me she smiled and said, "I've been waiting for you." Seeing how horny she was and knowing that she had actually gone to the work of renting a movie and timing it so that she was laying there when I got home was an incredible turn on. I don't know how long I stood there looking at her with my mouth open but it must have been a couple of minutes because the next thing I knew, she was standing in front of me, taking off my pants.

I snapped back to reality when I saw Samantha pinch her left nipple and let out a gasp. Instead of lightly running her hands over her chest, she was now rubbing them a little harder. This was causing her breasts to move around with her hands and her nipples to bend over and spring back to attention anytime she ran her hands over them.

The lotion was quickly disappearing but her breasts were now glistening in front of me, I could smell the sweet vanilla scent from where I was sitting. She was still staring intently at my cock as I continued to stroke it up and down. We were both absolutely fascinated by the actions of the other person.
