 I looked up in surprise as bawdy honky tonk music filled the room. That's when I saw her. My wife was dressed up as she had been when she got in from work, but there was something different about her. The pencil skirt was still demure, but her lovely legs were now encased in nylons with a seam up the back. I wondered if they were held up by suspenders underneath that skirt, but I had no time to ponder, as my eyes were drawn to the shirt she was wearing tucked into the skirt, cleavage clearly visible through gap afforded by the buttons which had been undone. Her hair was up in a messy bun, and she was looking directly at me, as she stood in the doorway, one hand running up and down the doorjam, the other on her confidently jutted hip. 

My mouth must have fallen open as I looked her up and down, because she looked directly at me, smiling that pleased smile of hers. She started to sway her hips in time with the music, and then started to walk into the room, each step crossing one leg over the other, causing her hips to bump and shudder with each step she took. She was walking away from me, past me, to the centre of the room, and I had plenty of time to admire her beautiful arse. I had never noticed that she was quite that curvy before. She was wearing a pair of black patent stiletto heels, and they made the muscles of her legs stand out, curving the seams in her stockings. Her arse wiggled inside her tight skirt, and I realised that my trousers were becoming uncomfortably tight. I wriggled a little to get more comfortable, sitting up straighter on the sofa. 

Suddenly, reaching the middle of the room, she stopped, and looked over her shoulder, running her hands down her sides as she smiled at me. I couldn't take my eyes off her. She started to wiggle her hips, slowly at first, almost imperceptibly, but growing more bold. Still staring me straight in the eye, she rocked her hips around in slow, lazy circles, her hands reaching abover her head to undo the bun she'd tied her hair in. She shook her hair free, dark, wavy tresses falling below her shoulders, and ran her hands through it, eyes closed as she let the rhythm of the music move her body. Eyes still closed, and hands still playing with her hair, she swivelled her hips some more, turning in a slow circle to face me. By the time she was facing me fully, I was desperate to open my jeans to relieve the pressure that they were putting on my now fully erect member. God she was sexy. I'd never seen her like this before.

She opened her eyes again, staring directly at me again, and bit her lip, as she moved her hands down her body, over her breasts, and down to her hips, then back up again. I could see her nipples sticking out through the smooth satin of her blouse, and she had her head thrown back a little, enjoying the feel of her own touch. She moved her fingers slowly over over to the buttons of her blouse, undoing one, then another, then another. My eyes never left her hands, as she slowly exposed her magnificent breasts, one inch at a time. She untucked the bottom of her blouse from her skirt, and turned away from me. I took the opportunity to undo the fly of my jeans, relieving some of the pressure. My penis sprang free, showing her exactly what effect she had on me.  

She looked back over her shoulder at me, grinding her hips in time with the music, and slowly slid her shoulder out of her blouse, exposing the milky white skin to the air. It was a little cool in the house, and I could see her skin tighten with goosebumps as she exposed it to the air. I could imagine the puckering of her nipples as they were too, exposed to the cool air. She slipped her other shoulder out of her blouse too, still looking over her shoulder at me, and rotating her hips. She smiled that lusty smile again, and I could feel my penis buck in reaction. She let the blouse drop off her arms and with a rustle of satin on smooth skin, it fell to the floor. 

Still facing away from me, she reached for the zip at the side of her skirt, and slowly started to unzip it. Everything she was doing seemed to take an age, when all I wanted was to rip the clothes from her body and take her right there on the floor. I councelled myself to be patient, but it was becoming more and more difficult, and unbidden, my hand crept over and started move up and down on my erect cock. The zip undone, she let the skirt fall to the floor, and stepped out of it, revealing that she was wearing a pair of high waisted suspenders, with a thong on underneath. I still hadn't seen the front of her, but the sight of her naked bottom gyrating in front of me had me salivating. The things I was going to do to this woman when she was finished....

She lifted her hands up to her hair again, twisting it through her fingers and moving her hips in a counterclockwise direction, she started to turn around to face me. I couldn't believe the motions she was making - they were raw, and sexual, and not the kind of thing I'd ever seen from my timid wife. I could see clearly now that she was wearing a longline bra - one of those 50's style bras which is halfway between a corset and a normal bra. It magnified her cleavage amazingly, the swell of her breasts above it jiggling with every undulating movement. She looked at me, on the sofa, dick in hand, and licked her lips gently, one hand travelling down her gyrating body, travelling over her breasts, lingering over the nipple, past her waist, and down to rest on her pussy. My heart almost stopped. I was trying not to actually masturbate while watching her, as I wanted to keep something for when she was done, but I was beginning to lose control of myself as I watched her.

She stepped out of her heels, and undid the snaps on the stockings she was wearing, allowing her to roll them down. She did this one at a time, side on to me, reaching over and down to reach the very toes of her stockings. Hands flat on the floor, she removed one stocking, and then stood up quickly, arching her back and snapping her head back to flick her hair over her body. She moved both hands down over her breasts before reaching down to remove the other stocking. She rolled it so slowly, down her thigh, over her knee and down those long, long calves of hers. Snapping up to stand again, she started to walk toward me. I was terrified she was going to take my hand away from what it was doing. I watched her move closer, breasts jiggling every time she put her foot flat on the floor. I wasn't sure I'd be able to restrain myself if she got much closer.

She reached me, put her hands on the back of the sofa, and leaned forward so that her breasts were in my face. Tantalisingly close, I wanted to bite at them, to suck the nipples, to make her forget about this silly game she was playing with me and convince her to let me make desperate, passionate love to her. She leaned even further forward to whisper in my ear. 

"No touching," she whispered, the her hot breath against my ear raising goosebumps and nearly sending me over the edge. She withdrew slowly, backing away from me, and then turned away from me again so I could see her undoing the hooks on her bra. Hooks undone, she slipped a strap over her shoulder, and then the other. It slipped to the floor, unnoticed again, as she gyrated to face me, her hands covering her breasts. The ties on her suspenders slapped against her taught thighs as she moved toward me again, purposefully, like a stalking jungle cat. 

Reaching my lap, she sat herself gently on my lap, and started to wiggle. She kept brushing my throbbing dick with her bottom with each movement, and I could feel myself start to tense up in preparation. She kept grinding herself onto my lap, her hips still moving with the rhythm of the music, her neck craned back so that her hair was brushing my chest. I could smell her shampoo. Abruptly, she stood up, turned, and straddled my thighs. I could feel the warm, damp heat of her pussy brushing up against my cock, and I started to gasp, closing my eyes to try and control myself before it was too late. I could feel her smile against my lips, and realised that she loved the power she had over me. 

Smiling still, she withdrew once again, and stood up a little further away from me. She unhooked her suspender belt, and let it slip to the floor, leaving her clad in only a tiny thong, which barely covered her neatly trimmed pussy. She put her hands over her head, and continued to dance, stretching her entire body luxuriously as she swayed in time to the music, hips pumping. She continued to dance, almost forgetting I was there, for a couple couple of minutes. Her hands started to roam lazily over her body as she danced, twirling slightly with each movement so I could see almost every inch of her body. She started to rub at her breasts, cupping them with her hands, and rubbing her thumb over the nipple. Her head was craned a little backwards, and I could see that she was truly enjoying what she was doing to herself. 

I could stand it no more. Letting out a growl of lust, I got to my feet and stepped over to where she was dancing. I picked her up, lifting her clear off her feet, and carried her back to the sofa where I'd been sitting. I was still rock hard and my cock was rubbing at the juncture of her thighs as I walked. I could feel how wet she was - dancing for me obviously aroused her as much as it aroused me. I laid her roughly on the couch, and dropped my trousers and underwear to the ground in one movement. Grabbing that thong of hers, I tore it from her body. I'd fully intended to take it off nicely, but I didn't have the time. I was desperate for her body, and nothing would stand in my way. 

Lying half on and half off the sofa, she spread her legs for me, one hanging over the back of the sofa. I knelt between her legs, feeling the hot moisture of her pussy against my stomach. I kissed my way up her stomach to her mouth, and then entered her. I was so desperate for her that I didn't hold back. Usually, I was ready to romance her for hours, but pure animal lust overtook me as I pushed into her warm, wet pussy. Her muscles resisted me, initially, probably unused to this kind of behaviour, but after a little pushing, they relaxed, and she moaned as I kissed her. She was so hot, and I didn't think I'd last long. The striptease she'd performed for me had me already on the edge. 

She took her mouth from mine and craned up to my ear to whisper again. 

"Fuck me, Michael," she whispered into my ear.

With a surge, I plunged myself deep into her. Who was this woman? My wife did not use that word! But, oh God, how good it felt. Feeling like an animal rutting in the bushes, I pumped in and out of her like a man possessed. She moaned as she raked her long nails down my back, I could feel her actually leaving deep scratches on my shoulders. I pumped into her, once, twice more, before I came, gasping, shuddering, groaning with my release. I almost blacked out from the sheer pleasure - I don't think I'd ever come that hard before. I collapsed on top of her, feeling vaguely guilty that I hadn't allowed her to have her pleasure. Panting, I managed to look up at her, to see her smiling down at me. She wiped some of the sweat from my brow, and announced proudly:

"I win."

And so began the competition.