 You walk through the door and I know immediately that you have had a very bad day. You sit down on the couch heavily and lean forward running your fingers through your hair, still not having said a word to me in greeting, not even a kiss. 

I make your coffee and hand it to you and you look up at me. 

"I'm sorry baby, it's not been a good day." 

I smile and reply, "No problem," as I bend to kiss you. 

You look at me and tell me that you are not being fair, that you should not come here in this sort of mood and that I deserve better. I kneel in front of you and tell you that it does not matter and that I am almost glad that you do -- at least I know this is you I am getting and not someone who is 'putting on a face'. I tell you what I want and it's this:

I want you for you, I want to take your body and for a short space of time make it mine - I want to take all the knots out of your back and rub them away, I want to take your mouth and explore it with my tongue, that wonderful mouth that knows me. 

I want to run my nails across your chest lightly making you shiver then nibble your nipples until they are hard against my fingers and tongue then as I move down your chest I'll blow in your tummy button to make you giggle (and just to make sure you are still with me!) as I move down my tongue and mouth exploring you, my fingers feeling your body underneath them I'll kiss your cock from base to tip, up one side of your shaft and down the other, pausing at the top to run my teeth oh so gently over your head, making it twitch and stand proud in anticipation, and making you moan and squirm, raising your knee and opening your legs to let me get to your balls. 

With my thumb gently running back and forth over your head, I'll take your balls in my mouth and massage them with my tongue, paying special attention to the bit between your asshole and balls, the bit that is so sensitive to the touch and which makes you swell even more (so what are you going to do with your hands while this is going on? shall I give you use of them? I haven't made my mind up yet!) 

Taking my hand away from your shaft and my mouth away from your balls, I move down to your thighs, kissing and nipping them while you protest quietly, wanting me to move back up again (not yet). I'll lick the backs of your knees and move down to kiss the soles of your feet and flick in between your toes with my tongue before making my way back up your body. 

I move back up your body planting tiny, light, kisses up your legs, and, when I move over your cock, which by now is huge, erect and beautiful, and start moving up your belly again, you become a little more vocal - no words, just noises, almost pleading me to get back down your body again. 

I look up at you smiling, your eyes are shut and you're biting your bottom lip - I know my work is good! Lowering my head again I get back to work moving back down and kissing your head again, tasting the pre-cum on my lips. I open my mouth and take you in, making you gasp at the warmth, running my tongue around your shaft I feel every vein standing out, my body feels every shiver going through you. 

I know that if I am not careful this will be over far too quickly for both of us, so I move my mouth slowly up to your head, running my tongue around and around then quickly plunge back down again as far as I can take you. You groan, the noise coming from deep within your throat, loud against the silence of the room. I carry on doing it, up slowly and down fast, each time you let out a silent moan until I feel you starting to tremble. Knowing that you are about to cum I pull away completely and move up your body to kiss you. How much more of this can you take? I'm about to find out. 

I kiss you deeply, letting you taste yourself in my mouth and when I pull away you ask me to go back down and pump you again. I will, in a minute, I don't want you cumming too quickly do I? I move slowly down your body again back to your very swollen shaft and I take it again into my mouth - the sound of relief in your throat is testament to my work. My mouth moves up and down you, sucking with each stroke bringing you nearer and nearer my goal, you feel my breast on your leg, my nipple hard. 

My clit is rigid and I am soaked, proof that you are not the only one who is turned on and close to cumming. Your hips move under me, in time with each stroke and you rise to meet me each time. My hands on your hips, my nails digging in, making you buck and convulse. 

I hear three words "I'm cumming, now!" and in that split second I decide not to prolong your agony and ecstasy any longer by pulling away again, so I take you as deep as I can into my mouth and swallow as you cum, spurt after spurt of cum hitting the back of my throat making me swallow it, the salt taste in my mouth. 

I hear you breathing heavily, and, knowing I am on the verge of cumming myself, I move up your body knowing that if I take your still erect cock just once I will have reached my second goal. 

I take you just once, hard and deep into me, the feel of it making me cry out loud as I cum hard and violently, convulsing on top of you. All my energy flows from me into and over you, making you buck your hips once more to see how deep you can really go, stretching me to the limit making me cry out loud. 

I collapse on to you breathing fast, feeling you deep, tiny currents of electricity running through me making me shudder, feeling you still inside me, not wanting to move away from that. Your arms come round me as we lie there and try and remember that we are two. 

When I give you use of your hands again, you use them oh so carefully, lightly and gently while you make love to me and make me cum again and again as you always do, my clit rigid against your pubic bone feeling you as you grind it, making me cum deeper and harder each time until the end when you cum with me, both of us losing every sense of the world outside our bodies. 

Knowing that there is more in me - you move down my body to my clit, and, taking it deep into your mouth and sucking hard. You immediately make me cum again, my hips raising so far off the bed that you have to push me back down again, sucking and licking me until I can't do anything but moan, my juices pouring over your tongue and knowing that just makes me flow more.

I am so wet I almost squelch! You drink every bit down, your tongue feeling as though it is searching for more. I continue to cum, tiny spasming bursts through my body, one continuous orgasm as you remove your mouth and move up my body again to kiss me. Tasting me just makes me flow more and I feel you hard and warm against me. Rolling over you move behind me and plunge deeply into me. Instinctively my head goes back and the noise from my throat is almost a howl. 

One hand on my hip to guide me and one in my hair to make sure I cannot get away, you thrust deep and hard, claiming me yet again, as you push behind me and I come back to meet you, feeling your stomach against my bum. Your hands come to my shoulders and you pull me back against you in time with every thrust, harder and harder until we both start to shudder again.

We cum together perfectly and collapse in a heap. I feel the warmth of you against my back, our breathing in time with each other and as we both come down we move, never not touching, until we are next to each other again and you are holding me in your arms, my ear against your chest listening to your heart slowing and knowing that we have served each other well.