 "Hi Coach Liam," I smiled as I entered his office. I closed the door behind me and took and leaned on the edge of his desk. We had just finished practice and I had waited until all the other girls left to shower. I was wearing a tight white baby tee that was very see through now that my long wet blonde hair had soaked it through. My daisy duke shorts barely covered my ass and as his eyes ran over my body I knew he wanted me. 

I'd been teasing him for the last two months since I turned eighteen. I was constantly in his office in skimpier and skimpier outfits and I knew he loved it just as much as me. 

"Karma it's Coach Harlow... not Liam," he said taking his eyes from my chest

"Yes sir," I bit my lip as I pulled my hair back to expose my chest more. 

"What can I do for you Miss King?" he asked visibly trying to hide his hardening cock. 

He wore a tight fitting grey t-shirt and very thin basketball shorts so it was very easy to see what Coach Harlow had going on. At only twenty six Liam Harlow was a fine male specimen with a ridiculously hot body. He was more cut than any guy I knew and his face could rival any leading man's. With a cut angular jaw, sandy blonde hair, hazel eyes, full pouty lips, and a perfect straight nose Liam was by far one of the most beautiful men I'd ever met.

So naturally I had to have him. 

"Well Coach I'm having some really sharp pains in my leg... could you take a look?" I said making a pouty face. 

"Sure, just sit back on the desk," he said standing up from his chair. There was still a very visible outline of what my little outfit was doing to him and I could hardly take my eyes off of it. 

However I had to as I slid back on the desk and spread my legs. 

"Which leg?" he asked. 

I held up my left one and he grasped it in his strong calloused hands. His fingers curled around my calf and I internally squealed in delight. 

"It hurts up higher," I said. 

His hands slid up my calf to the back of my knee.

"Here?" he asked and I shook my head no. 

"Right here," I murmured placing my hand over his and sliding it up my thigh. I placed his hand on my inner thigh and spread my legs even further open. My tiny shorts did little to conceal my pussy lips as I spread wide open for him. His fingers were so close to where I needed him I was positive he could feel the heat of my arousal. 

His fingers began kneading my inner thigh muscle, "does that feel better?" he said barely above a whisper. 

"Mmm yes sir," I moaned softly. 

He audibly gulped as he kneaded my thigh and I grew wet as his fingers moved across my skin.

"Alright well that's uh all I can do for you," Liam grunted moving his hands away and taking a step back. 

"Okay... thank you Coach," I said standing and hugging him. I pressed my body firmly up against him and I shivered as I felt his hard cock press against my stomach. 

"No problem Miss King, anything else I can do for you?" he said attempting to stay professional. I could see in his eyes that he wanted to bend me over his desk and fuck me, but I wasn't going to push him... yet. 

"Well I've been having trouble with some of the plays, do you think we could work one on one with them?" I jutted out my bottom lip in a sexy pout I knew guys loved. 

"Yeah we can work on them after practice whenever," he grunted. 

"Thanks Coach Liam," I giggled. 

"Of course," he nodded stepping away from me and taking a seat at his desk again. We both knew I could see his erection, but Liam attempted to hold on to some type of normal... it was cute. 

"Okay Coach, see you tomorrow," I giggled before turning around and leaving I shook my ass a little as I left his office. By the end of the week he'd be bending me over the desk and fucking me silly if my plan worked. I went and grabbed my bag from the locker room before heading out the side door to where my ride waited. 

"Hey Ethan," I greeted the school's star quarter back and my occasional fuck buddy. 

"Well aren't we looking... wet today," he chuckled taking in my appearance as I climbed in the car. 

"Yeah it's kind of uncomfortable," I smirked as I gripped the bottom of the top and pulled it over my head. My breasts jiggled as they were freed and Ethan smiled in appreciation.

"Feel better?" he chuckled as he put the car in drive. The parking lot was nearly empty, but a few guys in our senior class hung around leaning up against a pick up truck. I waved to them and blew them kisses as we passed and their jaws dropped at my topless state. 

"You are such a tease," Ethan rolled his eyes amused. 

"Oh we both know it turns you on," I rolled my eyes back. 

"True, but duck down if there's any kids," he warned. 

"Well no shit no one under eighteen is seeing these babies, I'm not a pedo," I rolled my eyes and slapped his bicep. 

"Good I don't need to get in trouble over your sexy ass," he winked. 

"Oh baby I will get you into plenty of trouble," I waggled my eyebrows at him. 

"Your house or mine sweetheart?" he said grabbing my hand and kissing my knuckles. 

"Yours," I pulled my hand back. My parents were actually home this week so I couldn't have my usual visitors over. On the drive over I jiggled my chest at a few truckers, and old men. They nearly drove off the road when they noticed me which made me giggle and kind of get turned on. 

"Shit looks like Danny and Josh are here," Ethan cursed. Danny and Josh were Ethan's hot older brothers who went to the local university. They'd been out of school for two years now, but they were still legends among the boys... and the girls for that matter. 

"I don't mind," I grinned excitedly. 

"You just love showing off huh?" he shook his head smiling. 

"If you got it flaunt it," I winked as he pulled into the garage. 

I climbed out still shirtless and when Ethan tried to hand me my top I waved him off with a mischievous grin. He shrugged and held my hand, leading me inside. Ethan pulled me along quickly. I think he hoped we would get to his room before his brothers saw me in my topless state. He had no such luck because about as soon as we entered the house his brothers were there. 

"Hey little bro-," Josh began and then he caught sight of me. 

Danny and Josh stood there stunned as Ethan pulled me along. I laughed and waved at them, bouncing on my toes to let my breasts jiggle as I was ushered away. It wasn't until we got to Ethan's room and he had closed the door behind him that I heard his brothers speak again. 

"Holy shit!" Josh laughed loudly. 

"Fucking respect for Ethan man, damn," Danny said. 

"You're welcome," I kissed Ethan on the cheek. His brothers continued to praise their brother as their voices faded and I couldn't hear them anymore. 

"What am I going to do with you?" Ethan sighed. 

"Tease me, spank me, and fuck me for starters," I smirked unbuttoning my shorts and letting them drop to the floor. 

"With pleasure," Ethan said grabbing my hips and kissing me hard. I pulled his shirt over his head and ran my fingers over his chiseled body. I trailed my fingers along his happy trail and dipped my hand into his pants grasping his long hard cock in my hand. 

I was slammed up against the wall as he undid his pants and I growled in response. My legs wrapped around his hips and he didn't waste any time entering me. At this point in our 'relationship' Ethan didn't need to ask what I wanted... he knew and he did it well. 

"Oh yes Ethan! Fuck me!" I moaned as our bodies moved together and his cock rammed inside me. His nails bit into my hips as he thrust harder and faster inside me. I could feel my climax building as I was slammed over and over again into the door. 

When my pussy began tightening around his cock signaling my orgasm he halted his rapid thrusts. I whimpered as his cock moved slowly in and out of me. 

"Ethan," I moaned pleading with him. He smirked as he carried me away from the door and towards his bed. One second my body was tightly wrapped around his and the next he was tossing me down and pushing me into the mattress face first. My feet were placed firmly on the floor and I arched my back hoping he would give me what I needed. 

I didn't have to wait long, with a hard slap to my ass Ethan entered me from behind making me yelp in surprise. One hand tangled in my hair and pulled as he thrust deep inside me until yet again my pussy began to convulse. My body shook as his hard fucking made me cum and I screamed his name. When he came he pulled out and flipped me over cumming all over my tits and stomach. 

"You look good like that," Ethan smirked. 

"Like what? Covered in your cum?" I said loudly with a grin. 

"You just love to tease don't you," he chuckled. 

"What I really love is some rough shower sex," I smirked and waggled my eyebrows. 

I giggled as I got up and began making my way towards the door. Ethan shook his head in amusement as I walked out into the hall. I was disappointed Danny and Josh weren't in the hall, but as Ethan followed me into the bathroom and smacked my ass I didn't care anymore.