 It had started weeks before that actual night. Wait...Who am I kidding, it had started from the moment you were hired that I took notice of you and began fantasizing about you. 

Who could blame me though right?

You were absolutely gorgeous with your light caramel brown skin, long soft brown hair, and big light brown eyes. You stood no more than about 5 ft tall, but I do happen to have a thing for women who are smaller and shorter than me.

And who couldn't help but notice your tight round figure. Your firm perky tits that weren't too big, but you always seemed to wear a top that accentuated them and made them look larger. Then there was your ass, in my opinion your best asset, so thick and round on your small frame. It always looked fantastic whether you were wearing slacks or a skirt.

We had been flirting for a while leading up to the night in question. The coy little smiles, the biting of your lip, and the light touches of your hand. It was all in good fun as we were both quick to find out that we each had a lot of dirty thoughts bouncing around in our heads, and it was fun to tease and play with each other in that regard.

Sometimes you'd even bend over to pick something up off the ground, and I'd catch you taking just a bit too long to stand back up; my eyes locked on your thick ass as I wondered just how nice it'd feel to grip your hips and spank you. It'd make my cock throb fantasizing, throughout the day, about the surprised, yet excited, look on your face if I actually did grab you from behind.

Things even escalated to the point where you'd slide by me and graze your amazing ass against the front of my pants as you said, "excuse me." The sensations you'd send through my body as your ass made contact with my cock... mmmmmmm. I always wondered if you could feel me pulsing against your ass as you'd look over your shoulder and smile teasingly back at me.

Well, the months of teasing and built up sexual frustrations were put to the test, one night, when we happened to be the last two employees left at work. Our little games had taken their toll on me, and you made me come unglued! As we were closing up and finishing work, you happened to rub your ass right against my cock, and without a second thought I brought my hand back and smacked your ass nice and hard with one clean motion.

As I half assed apologized (I wasn't sorry at all because it felt so good to finally do it) your reaction was better than I could have ever fantasized. I remember it like it was yesterday as you looked back at me, over your right shoulder, and playfully said, "is it bad if I liked it?"

The tone of your voice and the look on your face sent me over the edge! I followed you to the next room and moved quickly right behind you as I grabbed a handful of your hair and tugged your head back. You let out a soft sigh as u closed your eyes and gave into me

I spun you around, and without hesitation, reached down and picked you up under your ass. Your legs instantly wrapped around me as I carried you over to a counter and set you down. My heart raced with a mixture of nervousness and excitement as our eyes locked. I leaned in and went right for your neck; kissing and sucking as you tossed your head back in pleasure while soft moans escaped your lips. My hands tracing down your body as I caressed your firm perky tits; I could feel your nipples through your blouse as I sucked harder on your neck. Your hands running up my back and through my hair as I continued kissing down your collarbone.

The passion and heat continued to build as I ran my hands down to your hips and my fingers slipped under your waist line. I pulled my mouth away from your neck as I made eye contact with you. Without you having to say a word, you raised your hips up as I grabbed hold of your pants and panties and slid them off your ass with one fast motion.

Your pants and panties fell to a heap on the floor as your now bare ass was sitting on the counter. I removed my eyes from your gaze and lowered them down to your tight, glistening, wet pussy that was now spread before me. I wrapped my hands up under your soft legs and began kissing up the inside of your quivering thighs.

I wanted to tease you...I wanted to make this last forever, but I knew that we didn't have much time.

I could see the wetness on your smooth bare pussy and I could also feel the warmth coming from it. Your breath was getting faster with the anticipation of my tongue finding your wet little slit.

I couldn't wait any longer to taste your sweetness...and fuck was your pussy ever sweet!! I spread your lips apart with my fingers, to give me better access to your throbbing clit, as my tongue flicked fast and hard across it. Your moans and whimpers driving my tongue as I nibbled lightly on your clit. My face buried between your thighs as my tongue rolled up and down your now dripping wet pussy.

Your hands were now in my hair and your hips were thrusting upward as you started trying to fuck my tongue. I could tell you were getting close as your moans quickened and your stomach started to quiver. It was then that you said the most amazing words, "slide two fingers inside me baby."

My cock instantly went from throbbing to rock hard!!

I focused my thumb on your clit, while I also took two fingers and easily slid them deep inside your begging wet pussy. Finger fucking you deep and hard while my thumb rubbed back and forth across your hard little clit. I managed to turn your body sideways on the counter as I grabbed the back of your hair roughly, turning your ear to me. Fucking your pussy deeper and faster with my fingers as I whispered in your ear, 

"I need you to cum and squirt for me baby, please cum for me."

And just like that you turned your face to me, as your eyes rolled back into your head and you squirted everywhere! Your legs were shaking, you were screaming, and your pussy was dripping!!

I gave you a couple minutes to gather yourself... your face flushed and your body slowly starting to calm down. You looked amazing just laying on the counter trying to recover.

I took my fingers, still wet with your sweet juices, and brought them to my lips to suck them clean. You watched intently as I licked up every last drop; your hands tracing down your stomach and between your thighs as I could tell that you weren't finished with me yet.

I leaned over and kissed you deeply; our tongues twirl around each others as you eagerly tasted your sweet pussy on my tongue. Your tongue felt amazing in my mouth as our lust for each other started to take back over.

I unzipped my pants and let them fall to the floor; my cock springing to life. I pulled away from your mouth just to look into your eyes as i intently said,

"I need to feel your pussy wrapped around me baby, I need to fuck you!"

And just like that, you hopped off the counter and bent over it; your thick round ass aimed right at me. Your legs were parted just enough so that i could see your wet little mound from between your thighs.

"Well what are you waiting for," you said in such a naughty way. "Fuck me like you mean it baby!"

Part 2 to come later ;)