 I had just moved into town and was excited by the fact that a real babe lived next door. I had seen you around town but I had only moved in a few weeks ago and had not met you yet. One night about 9 P.M. you called and asked if I could come over to your place. Your water heater was on the blink and you were in a panic. I threw on a jacket and headed over. 

I was just about to knock on the door when you opened it with a big smile and said, “Hi, I’m Leigh and I’m sure glad you could come over. I’m dying for a hot bath.”

“I’m glad to help out. By the way my name is Rod. It’s nice to meet you," I said as I stepped into your house.

You closed the door behind me then showed me the water heater. It was gas fired and one look told me that the pilot light was out. You scrounged up a match and I lay down on the hall floor and reached back under the heater to light the pilot. 

You had squatted down to watch and your dress had ridden up over your knees. Holding the over?ride button down I turned to tell you what I was doing. I found myself looking right at the crotch of your silky green panties. My finger slipped off the button and I turned to start all over again. I then glanced back; you were still in the same position although this time it seemed you had spread your knees even farther apart giving me a spectacular view of your panties and luscious thighs. You finally followed my eyes and realized what I was staring at. 

"Oops, sorry Rod," you apologized and dropped forward to your knees. 

'Damn' I thought to myself, 'why couldn't I be less obvious.'

I got the pilot lit and the burner kicked on. You invited me to the kitchen for a glass of wine while we waited to see if the heater was going to function. We sat there and got acquainted, mostly small talk. In my mind I kept seeing those green silky panties. Additionally, it was obvious that your boobs were huge, and, being the tit addict I am, it took all my concentration not to stare at them.

"My roommate Kamila travels a good bit in her job. It looks like she is going to be gone a lot in the next six or eight months," you commented. "If I have some problems around here I hope you don’t mind if I call you. Besides, it gets a little lonely here and its nice to have someone to talk to."

"No problem Leigh," I said. "I'd be glad to help out in any way I could." 

You got up from your chair saying, "Be back in a minute Rod. I've got to use the bathroom." 

I decided to go back to the closet and check the water heater. The pilot was out again. I laid down on the floor and adjusted the gas flow and relit it. As I lay there, I could hear soft sounds from the bathroom on the other side of the wall. I listened and then shifted a bit closer to the wall. It sounded like moaning. 

I discovered a sliver of light behind the water heater. Changing positions I could see into the bathroom via the hole in the wall that the hot water line passed through. All I could see were your legs and the commode. Those green panties were down, wrapped around one ankle. Your legs were spread wide apart, swaying in rhythm with your moans. It finally dawned on me. You were playing with your pussy, getting yourself off! I let out a sigh then realized that I'd better keep quiet.

Your breathing increased and your legs began to tremble and jerk. I heard a muffled gasp, saw your legs quivering for a minute, and then finally you were very still. My cock had gotten hard and pressed against my jeans. I watched the pilot light a second and crept back to the kitchen before you returned. 

A minute later, you came into the kitchen. You were flushed and your hair a little mussed. I excused myself to go to the bathroom. Swollen cock in hand, I took a whiz. The smell of hot pussy still permeated the small room. Something green caught my eye. I bent down and picked up the panties from between the commode and the hamper. Flipping them over, I stared at the dampness in the crotch. Before I realized it, I lifted them to my face and sniffed the damp spot. The aroma of hot pussy filled my nose. My cock throbbed even more. 

Regaining control, I stuffed the panties into my pocket, tucked my cock back in my pants and returned to the kitchen. You had almost recovered but I hadn't. I told you that the heater seemed to be working fine now, and made a quick departure hoping you had not noticed my hardon. 

*************************

I didn’t know if I'd hear from you again after my hasty departure on my last visit. However, a few days later you called and asked me to come take a look at your cable TV. I was thrilled at the idea of seeing you again and was over in a flash.

You were wearing a black leotard when you let me in and you did indeed look delicious. The living room was dimly lit and I could smell incense. You apologized for dragging me out again. I declined the offer of a drink. 

"I can't get any channels to come on the set," you explained. 

I checked the obvious and then looked down at the VCR on the shelf beneath the set. One of the selector buttons was in the wrong position. I pushed it and the 27 inch screen lit up. An inch away from my face was a woman deep throating a large cock. I rocked back on my heels and stared. Suddenly, the cock throbbed and the woman stopped sucking. A large glob of cum oozed from the corner of her mouth and down her chin. 

"Oooooh nooo!" I heard you cry from behind me. 

I turned to look at you. You sounded and acted embarrassed. I hit the OFF button on the VCR and stood up. I could feel my cock hard against my pants. I pretended to adjust some controls on the TV with my back to you. 

"I'm so sorry Rod," you said. "I didn't know that tape was in the VCR." 

My cock wouldn't cooperate. It stayed hard. I turned and started for the kitchen. 

"I think I'll have that drink now Leigh," I mumbled. 

You followed me into the kitchen. You got me a glass of wine and handed it to me. There was a strange look in your eyes. 

"Well I am glad you fixed the TV," you said with a smile, "now I can watch that tape." 

"Oh. . . well. Uh, glad to help," I stumbled. 

"I love to watch those tapes when I'm horny. I thought I would watch it and get myself off," you said in a voice that was low and husky. You stared at me seeming to wait for my reply.

"Would you like to watch it with me Rod?” The question was barely a whisper. 

I swallowed half my drink in one gulp, almost choking in the process. 

I looked at you for several seconds unable to utter a word. Your eyes were on the bulge in my jeans and you were licking your lips slowly. You rose and took my hand, leading me back to the living room. You guided me to the sofa and crossed to the TV. Your slender fingers fluttered from button to button, programming the VCR and TV. In a few seconds the screen blossomed with the image of a guy wearing only boxer shorts, his hand down the front of them obviously rubbing his cock. 

You dropped in a chair, halfway between me and the TV. One leg draped over the arm, you stared at the TV although your body was facing me. You slumped in the chair and your long fingers began rubbing your crotch through your leotard. Your lips parted and your snake-like tongue flicked across your lips. 

My cock jerked and throbbed, begging for freedom. I watched. 

"I get so horny!" you rasped. "I've watched some of this video twice today and got myself off both times. For some reason I only seem to watch 5 minutes of it at a time." 

The guy on the screen lifted his hips and slid his shorts off. His cock bounced back and forth in its new found freedom. His hand quickly grabbed it and began pumping, and it quickly became huge. Your hips were flexing and pumping in rhythm with your hand. My balls began to ache. 

"Does your cock look that good?" you blurted out, your gaze still fixed on the TV.

Your question caught me off guard. "Uh, yeah, it sure does," I mumbled. 

"Good," you said. 

Your fingers pulled the zipper at the front of the leotard lowering it all the way to your crotch. You weren't wearing a bra and I could see the waistband of your panties. Your hand slipped under the elastic and disappeared. Your eyes were glued to the guy on the screen as his hand steadily stroked his hardening cock. My eyes shifted back and forth from the movie to you. Your moving fingers bulged the crotch of the leotard. Your hand reappeared, fingers glistening with pussy juices. You licked and sucked them noisily, then slid them back underneath your leotard eager to resume playing with yourself.

"Mmmmmmm! What a delicious cock! I wish I could suck it first hand," you rasped. 

The camera zoomed in now, as a woman suddenly appeared and immediately knelt between the man's legs. You moaned as she began to kiss his cock, her pink tongue reaching out and licking the head. Leaning toward it, she licked all around the head and up and down the shaft, her lips opened wide and closed around the plum-shaped head. I gasped softly. 

"I want to see your cock Rod," you said in a hoarse whisper. 

I looked at you and you were staring at my crotch. Your leotard was pulled open and one hand cupped one of your huge boobs, your thumb and forefinger rolling the nipple. 

"Please," you cried, "show me!"

My hand yanked my zipper down and reached inside my shorts, pulling out my swollen cock into the passion-heavy atmosphere of the room. Your eyes widened, and you let out a whimper. 

Circling the shaft with my fingers, I stroked it slowly and looked back at you. You were pulling the last sleeve off and rolled the leotard down and off. My hand clamped the head of my throbbing cock at the sight of your body, especially those full boobs crowned with large areola and hard nipples. Your arm crossed over your tummy under the silky panties that displayed your muscular thighs. Your fingers worked inside the crotch of the panties, lathering your dripping pussy into a froth. You glanced back and forth from the screen to me jacking my cock.

"Look Rod!" you hissed. 

The cock on the screen was thrusting in and out of her mouth. The camera had zoomed in until the 27 inch screen was full of her face and the jerking cock. Once and then twice the huge cock had disappeared into her mouth, his balls bumping her chin. I watched in a trance as she jerked the cock out of her mouth in time to direct gushes of cum into her open mouth. Your moans showed that you were consumed with the action on the screen. 

"I love the taste of cum!" you yelled as your fingers worked your pussy with abandon. "And I love to cum too! Ooooooh! Aaaahhhhhh! I'm cummmmminnnng! Yesssssssss!” 

You thrashed and bounced in the chair, your fingers jerking inside your panties. You pushed your legs and arched your back, your butt moving up off the chair. For several seconds you hung there trembling, your fingers strumming your pussy madly until you finally you collapsed back onto the chair. 

My fingers were stroking the length of my aching cock. Your cumming had fired my hardon. My balls throbbed and rolled as I jerked my cock. 

"Yessss! Do it Rod!" you encouraged in a panting whisper. 

I was ready to cum. I could feel my cock swell and the pressure build. I clamped my eyes shut and let my hand race over my cock. 

"Cum for me! Cum, Rod cum!" you cheered. "Cum for me now!" 

I arched up and slammed my hand down the shaft the final two strokes. The dam broke and in the passion fog I could hear your raspy voice say, "Shoot it, you stallion. Yank that cock. Spew your cum!" 

The gusher exploded and I saw the bursting colors of climax. My cock spewed streams of hot, creamy cum again and again until I dropped back onto the sofa and lay gasping for breath. 

"Mmmmmm! You cum good, Rod!" you cooed. 

I opened my eyes and to my surprise you were kneeling at my feet. Your hands were cupped under your boobs which were covered with my cum. You reached down and scooped a huge wad of cum onto your finger, then slowly licked it clean. You then stood and leaned over. Your face came down to mine and your lips touched my mouth. Your hot tongue pushed between my lips and I tasted the sharp flavor of my own cum. 

You pulled away and looked down at me as you wiped each and every glob of cum from your boobs with your fingers and took every drop into your mouth. 

"You better go home now, I think Kamila will be back soon," you suggested. 

As I got ready to go, you said, "Next time, maybe we'll find another place to put that cum of yours." 

I looked at you and said with a huge smile on my face, "I think that could be arranged." 

*********************

Two weeks later you and Kamila along with Kamila's boyfriend, Peter, came over to sample some of my jambalaya. As we ate dinner, it was hard to look at you after what had happened the last time we were together. Every time I looked across the table at your shy, innocent smile, I saw that image of your hand buried in your leotard and your boobs coated with my cum. 

After dinner, while you loaded the dishwasher, Peter, Kamila, and I went to the den for a drink in front of the fireplace. Kamila talked a lot about her job and the places she'd been, and about having to travel so much. I was pretty quiet, which wasn’t hard to do with Kamila in the room. You soon joined us and the conversation continued. After a short while I excused myself. I went to the bathroom and then to the kitchen to freshen my drink. You were already there mixing fresh ones for you, Kamila, and Peter. 

"You've been awfully quiet," you said without looking up. 

"It's a little hard to talk thinking about my visit two weeks ago," I replied. 

"I bet this gets hard a lot too doesn’t it?" you smiled at me. Reaching towards me you added, "Just like now huh.” 

"Well, you should know," I replied. 

With a smile on your face you reached over to my crotch and squeezed my cock. I reached out myself and took a bodacious boob in each hand then lowered my head and kissed you. Our bodies pressed against one another in a very hot, tongue-swapping kiss. 

As I broke off the kiss you looked me in the eyes and said, "You have no idea just how horny I am for your cock Rod." You had slipped back into the throaty, sultry tone that you had used that night. You reached down and lifted your skirt. You slid your fingers down the front of you panties then returned with your juice-glistened fingers to my face. 

"Taste me sweetie!" you said in your sexiest voice.

The pungent odor of hot pussy invaded my nostrils and sent waves of passion straight to my crotch. My cock hardened and throbbed. I bent down and slowly licked your juices from each of your fingers. 

"Mmmm, very tasty. I'd love to have more of it," I said.

"It would taste much better if your cum was mixed with it," you teased. 

I smiled and said, "I think that can be arranged too. But for now, we better get back or they will be wondering what happened to us.” 

We walked back into the den and you handed Kamila and Peter their drinks. Resuming our conversation, the three of you were sitting on the same side of the room while I was across from you. After a couple of minutes I saw you move around in your seat and opened your legs slowly, maneuvering into a position that gave me a clear view up your dress and to your panties. You smiled innocently as you teased me with the show. 

We talked about all kinds of things as you continued to show me your shiny, silky panties. I was having difficulty keeping my eyes off you. You shifted and moved frequently, exposing yourself to me from a new direction. 

Kamila rose to go to the bathroom and you eased your knees together. When she came back she didn't see what I had been staring at for twenty minutes. 

The evening was finally over and we all walked to the sidewalk. Peter and Kamila led the way, with you and I following. As we approached, you turned on the pretense of asking me a question. You grabbed my wrist and pulled my hand into your crotch, pushing the cloth of your dress between your thighs. I felt the heat of your pussy and could feel the dampness there too. I looked down at you. You smiled a very sexy smile and licked your lips. 

"Seeya next time Rod," you said as you gave me a quick kiss then turned and quickly caught up with Peter and Kamila.

I waved goodbye trying my best to hide the tent in front of my pants. As you walked away I returned to the house. After closing the door I immediately dropped my pants and shorts and went to work on my still throbbing cock. Jacking a mile a minute, it was far less than that before a glorious parabolic stream of cum spewed from my cock, landing several feet away from me. Additional loads followed as I kept strumming until my balls were totally depleted, the last bit of cum dripping from my withering cock.

***********************

For several days, every time the phone rang I jumped hoping that something was not working at your place. I came to the conclusion that the only time you seemed to have anything broken there was when Kamila was out of town. Then one evening a week or so later I had a friend from the club over to watch Monday Night Football. We were sitting in the den watching the game when the phone rang. I picked it up. 

"Hello," I said. 

"Well, hello Rod!" you replied. "Bet you don't know what I'm doing." 

"No, what Leigh?" I asked. 

"Fingering my juicy pussy and thinking about your big delicious cock shooting all that hot, creamy cum on my boobs!" you responded. 

I almost gasped. 

"Uh. Oh, I see," I stumbled as I tried to answer you as best I could without raising any suspicion. 

"You got somebody there huh," you stated. 

"Yes, that's true." I was sure that my voice was cracking. 

"Aw, too bad sweetie. I'd love to suck on that big knob of yours until it pumps my mouth full of your yummy cum," you said.

"Uh, well I most probably would like that too," I replied. 

"How long's it been since that cock's been sucked really good?" you added.

"Oh, quite a while." My cock was swelling and I could feel the heat rising from my crotch. Fortunately the game was a really good one and my friend's attention was totally on it.

"And tell me, you like the idea of me sucking your cock right?" your voice was getting throaty and I could hear something in the background softly squeaking with movement. 

"Yes that'd be nice," I added, trying my best not to sound too excited.

"Great. I'd bet you'd give me a real mouthful of hot, creamy cum too, wouldn’t you baby?" you purred. 

"Who is that?" my friend turned and asked. 

I turned and said, "One of the guys from the office. He's asking some questions about one of our clients. You go ahead and watch the game, I'll just be a minute here." 

"Can't he wait until you're back in the office?" He said as he turned back to the TV, not expecting an answer. 

"Shame on you, Rod, lying to your guest like that. I'll bet if he looked at your pants he would see a big bulge," you chided with a soft chuckle. 

"You can say that again," I said. I was enjoying the conversation and the hardon although nervous of what my buddy would think if he saw me with a hardon. 

"I know I'm right!" you giggled. Your voice went back to soft and sexy. "If I was there, I'd take that fine piece of sculpture in my mouth and warm it and wet it and lick it all over." 

I inhaled sharply with the thought. My friend jerked his head around to look at me and I faked a cough. Quickly he looked back to the screen. 

"Ooooh, Rod, my pussy feels sooooo good!" you moaned. "You don't mind me calling you like this do you?" 

"No. Not at all," I added.

"You really like me huh?" you added coyly.

"Uh, yes I sure do," I said.

"I like to pretend that you're here Rod. I've gotten myself off thinking about sucking my Rod's cock and feeling his big throbbing cock filling my mouth. Oooooooo, Rod!" 
