 This is my first submission on Literotica. Constructive feedback is welcome.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

It had been one of those really stressful Fridays at work. My students had been quite ready for the weekend and their behavior reflected their impatience. My legs were sore from standing all day, and by the time I got out of my car, I could scarcely bear to be on my feet. When I finally opened the front door, I sighed in relief. I stepped in, dropped my bags on the floor, and slipped off my shoes. Then I headed to the study and found my husband there just as I had expected. He was so intensely focused on his work that he didn't hear me come in.

"I'm home, Hon," I said, startling him.

"Hi Honey," he answered as he got up to kiss me, "how was your day?"

"Stressful. Actually I'm going to shower and take a nap. Don't let me sleep too long. OK?"

He nodded, and I headed toward the bathroom. Once there, I took off my clothes and dropped them into the hamper before stepping into the shower. The warm water was delightfully soothing, and soon I felt my lids getting heavy. I turned off the water, wrapped myself in a towel, and headed for the bedroom.

I reached for the lavender body lotion on my nightstand, and began rubbing it into my calves, then my thighs, spending extra time massaging my sore muscles. I made my way up to my butt, kneading each cheek a bit longer than needed to make the cream penetrate the skin. Next, I sat down on the bed, reclining a bit so I could rest my upper back against the headboard. Then, I worked the sweet-smelling lotion into the skin of my belly, and lastly rubbed it into my breasts. As I did so, I noticed my nipples beginning to harden. And I thought lavender was supposed to be relaxing. Enjoying the feeling, I continued to knead my soft mounds until a pleasant heat began to spread through my body; I moaned softly.

It wasn't long until my fingers found their way south. I began to trace my lower lips, holding them closed together. I rubbed the skin from side to side, feeling my flesh swell under my own touch. I've always enjoyed teasing myself. Finally, I parted the lips with two fingers and . . .

"Honey, dinner's almost ---" 

Hearing his voice, I opened my eyes and instinctively closed my legs, feeling my face flush. He was still standing there, his eyes fixed on me, not quite sure whether he should leave or stay. I decided to help him make up his mind.

"Wanna watch me play?" I asked, looking at him lasciviously. "Why don't you have a seat?"

He smiled wickedly and sat on the bed, facing me. I spread my legs and parted my lower lips again. He fixed his gaze on me, mesmerized by the moist crimson opening contrasting sharply with my deep brown skin. With my clit now exposed, I turned my attention to my inner lips, circling with my fingertips. The heat inside me was mounting, and my womanly scent filled the air. He shifted uncomfortably; by now his mounting erection was straining against the fabric of his jeans.

"Looks like you need to play too," I said. He looked at me questioningly. "I want to watch you play too," I continued, "it'll get me so... hmm... hot," I finished as I watched him discard his pants and boxers.

He pulled his shirt off, and sat next to me on the bed, watching my fingers move while he took hold of his shaft. The sight of his fist gripping his member, stroking it rhythmically, drove me mad with lust. Placing two fingers on my engorged bud, I drew fast, furious circles, panting as I climaxed. I smiled at him, and looking down I could tell that my pleasure had had quite an effect on him.

I hadn't meant to finish before him, but the sight of him pleasuring himself had proved too erotic an image for me to control myself. Removing his hand from his shaft, I slowly ran my tongue from the soft sack of skin at its base to its very tip. He leaned his head back and moaned. I licked my way up again, applying just a bit of pressure with the stud in my tongue. This time, when I reached the tip of his erection, I twirled my tongue around it before letting it slip past my soft lips. Sucking on the engorged head, I smiled as I heard him gasp for air. The sound of him panting while I bobbed my head up and down was making me drip with renewed longing, and by the time I felt his pleasure warm the walls of my throat, I was rubbing my thick thighs together, seeking some relief.

I let him slip out of my mouth and rolled onto my back. He shifted to his side so he could face me, and reaching over, he caught one of my nipples between his thumb and forefinger. I turned my head to kiss him as he continued to twist the tip of my fleshy mound. Soon, he broke the kiss so he could run his tongue around one nipple, teasing it before treating the other to the same attention.

He slid down until his face was level with my slit. He licked his lips, grinned, and then chuckled as I squirmed in anticipation. He kissed my inner thigh, nibbling the skin there before diving in. He leisurely ran his tongue over my outer lips, and then carefully held me open as he traced the edges of my opening. Then he slipped two fingers inside me, crooking them so he could scratch at that spot that truly drives me wild, all the while massaging my clit with his thumb. I whimpered as I felt the intense heat gathering within me. He removed his fingers and grabbed on to my thighs before latching on to my swollen clit with his mouth. I closed my eyes, the tingly feeling intensifying to a dizzying peak.

The rhythmic spasms of between my thighs was barely beginning to subside when my eyes jolted open; he had just buried himself inside me in one long, smooth stoke. I cried out at the intensity of the pleasure. He leaned forward to kiss my neck, and I took the opportunity to topple him over, keeping him inside me. I leaned back, arching my spine, and rested my hands on his knees. I gasped at the feeling of him so deep inside me. I rocked my hips back and forth, listening to his ragged breathing as he thrust faster and faster into me, sending me into sensory overload. I dug my nails into his skin and cried out in rapture, my hot folds clenching around his pulsating shaft, draining every drop out of him.

"Honey," I said as I collapsed next to him completely satiated, "I think dinner's burning."