 I thought my life was going pretty well. I'm 25, I work for a small house renovation contractor and he wants me to take the business over in another five years when he retires. I have a beautiful girlfriend, Alicia, she's a nurse and absolutely perfect for me. I'm 6'4" tall, she's 5'11". I'm 240lbs and fairly muscular, she's 125lbs, lithe, with C-cup breasts, and long shapely legs that lead to a glorious ass. I have a shaved head and she has a mane of brown hair to below her shoulder blades. We've been together for just over two years and once I figure out how, I'm going to ask her to marry me.

I had to help my little brother Steve move, he was finally leaving my parents place now that he was done with university and he got a job as an engineer nearly three hours away. I left work early on Friday afternoon, we loaded up, and headed for his new place. We thought it would be too late for me to come home the same night, so I was going to crash on Steve's couch and I was going to drive home Saturday. Alicia said she'd go out for a girls night since she was off all weekend too.

We live in a small two bedroom apartment, it's nice but my plan is to find a perfect fixer-upper that I could turn into a home for us and eventually children too.

I got home just after 1am, thinking I'd surprise Alicia when she got home in another hour or so. I was surprised to see the lights on as I opened the door, but Alicia sometimes leaves a light or two on by mistake.

As I walked into the apartment, I could hear muffled noises from down the hall. As I headed towards the bedroom, I saw two wine glasses on the counter and a knot formed in my stomach. The door to our bedroom was closed, but when I got to it the muffled noises became much clearer. There were two voices Alicia's and another, familiar male voice.

"Yeah, you little cum slut. You love it when I fuck your tight little ass, don't you?" The male voice said. There was a loud slap, followed by another.

"Oh god! I love your cock in my ass. Fuck my asshole, Motherfucker!" Alicia responded.

I froze. A million things running through my mind at once. I felt sick to my stomach. I wanted to leave. I wanted to barge into the room and beat them both with my bare hands. Without thinking I grabbed the door knob and turned it. I threw the door open and took in the scene before me. Alicia was bent over the bed wearing lingerie I'd never seen before. Standing behind her, apparently with his dick in my girlfriend's ass, was my best friend Dave.

Alicia saw me first, Dave had a hold of her hair pulling her head up. "No!" She screamed. A look of horror on her face.

Dave looked up and saw me. "Fuck!" Was all he said, the same look of horror on his face.

I stood there for what felt like an eternity, my fists clenched in rage. I took a step forward and stopped. My brain saving me from making a horrible mistake. I turned and left the room, making my way to the door. I had to get out of there. My rage was boiling like a cauldron inside me.

As I reached for the door, Alicia was calling my name approaching me. I held out a hand stopping her. Refusing to look at her. "I will be back tomorrow night at six. You and your shit better be fucking gone." I growled.

Alicia started to plead with me, sobbing.

I opened the door and walked out.

Alicia's sobs turned to wails as I slammed the door behind me. I heard her wailing as I walked to the elevator and didn't stop hearing her until the doors closed.

I moved like a zombie to my truck. I drove on autopilot to the shop for my work. Once I put the truck in park, I broke down. Feeling like my whole life was crumbling around me. In one instant, I had lost the love of my life and my best friend. I cried for a long time, knowing that everything I had been working towards for the past two years was gone. I thought she was happy, I know I was.

Our sex life was always great, I could make her cum quickly and often. We weren't overly adventurous or experimental in bed but I always made her cum several times when we made love. I never looked at another woman and I thought she didn't have eyes for anyone else either. I knew Dave was far more aggressive from his tales of conquest, but that is never a risk I was willing to take.

Since childhood, I had always been big and strong, so I learned to maintain tight control over my actions. As I grew up, that also translated to my lovemaking. I was blessed/cursed with a large cock. In reality it's fairly proportional to my body, but it's quite thick and a bit longer than average. I felt that I was a very competent, tender, and gentle lover. I never rammed myself into or jackhammered women during sex, it was always slow and gentle, never rough. Why would I want to hurt someone I cared about enough to have sex with?

My phone had been constantly buzzing, I switched it off and closed my eyes to think. It was now after 2am. The adrenaline of the nights events had worn off and I was already tired from working, helping my brother move, and six hours of driving. I fell asleep in my truck.

I had vivid dreams of Dave and Alicia in my bed. I woke up and had to puke outside my truck. It was 8am, so I called my parents and said I needed to come over. I sat with my mother and told her an edited version of what happened when I got there. She was both heartbroken and disgusted. My biological father had cheated on my mother repeatedly and both Steve and I saw it as a cardinal sin. Our stepfather is the only man either of us calls Dad.

I powered up my phone and saw I had texts and voicemails from Alicia. She was all over the place with her messages. She was sorry for what she did, she was angry at me for leaving, she was sorry for being angry. I left my phone on silent and didn't respond. My Dad took me for lunch and tried to lift my spirits asking about work, sports, and Steve's new place. It worked a little and we talked about the hockey playoffs a bit.

Eventually it was 6pm and it was time to head back to my apartment. To my relief, Alicia was not there. There were a few bags and boxes by the door but it looked like she had taken the things that were hers and left what was mine. I gathered a few other items that I couldn't bear to look at anymore and added them to the pile by the door. Once I had done a final sweep, I grabbed a beer and sat at the table. There was a note from Alicia. 

Brad

I'm so sorry for what I did. I never meant to hurt you. I don't know what to say about what happened. I will give you space, but I'm not giving up on us. Please call me when you're ready to talk.

I love you,

Alicia

P.S.

My mom will be by later to get the last of my things and drop off the keys.

I held the note for a while, reading it over and over again, fighting back tears. Once I felt in control again, I crumpled it up and threw it out. I couldn't forgive her for this betrayal, probably not the first. I finished my beer and had a shower to clear my mind. I stripped the bed and bagged the tainted sheets for the garbage.

I was just cracking another beer when there was a knock at the door. I answered it and saw the glare of an enraged mother. I was a little taken aback by the rage on her face. Marilyn and I had gotten along really well, Alicia used to joke that it should be her mother and I dating. It took her a little while to get over how I looked, but once she got to know me, she warned up quickly. I considered her one of my closest friends and I thought she felt the same way. Before Alicia moved into my apartment, we would talk for hours after Alicia went to bed. She is who I went to for advice if I was getting Alicia a gift and couldn't decide. Marilyn was even the person I talked to when Alicia had a big fight. She always asked for a hug when she saw me and I always looked forward to them because they always felt perfect.

I stepped back, allowing her in, not saying anything. She started to grab the things still by the door, glaring at me every chance she got. She had always been very protective of Alicia, she was all of the family she had. Marilyn was 15 when she got pregnant with Alicia, the father's family promptly moved away and left her to raise her daughter alone. The only support Marilyn had was her parents and they were there for her until they died in a car accident when Alicia was 12.

She devoted her life to her daughter and giving her all of the love she had. I admired Marilyn for her strength, her independence, and the love she showed Alicia and later me. She was also beautiful, she looked more like Alicia's sophisticated older sister than her mother. They shared the same body, but Marilyn had shorter lighter hair and her eyes were piercing icy blue instead of Alicia's emerald green. Their personalities were very different as well; Alicia was bubbly and flighty where Marilyn was more reserved and sincere, Alicia would sometimes speak her mind too much where Marilyn was always measured and considerate. I always thought I had hit the jackpot if Alicia aged as well as her mother. "Can I help you carry this stuff down?" I asked her quietly.

"I think you've done enough." She spat out as the last item made it to the hallway. "I can manage." She turned to me and handed the keys over. "You're a real asshole, you know that?" She seethed. "I thought you were a good guy, the one for her. How could you just kick her out like this?"

I was too stunned to speak at first. This was not the response I was expecting from her, after all it was her daughter that had cheated on me. Then it hit me, Alicia didn't tell her what really happened! "I'm sorry." Was all I said.

Marilyn reached back and slapped me hard across my face. "Fuck you, Brad!" She said coldly and closed the door.

I saw the slap coming, I wasn't going to stop it. I also didn't want to be the one to tell her what really happened. As good as it might feel to tell her what her daughter did, I would never see her again and they had to still have each other. I stood behind the door waiting for her to leave. Once she was gone, I grabbed an ice pack and my beer and settled into the couch to sulk in my loneliness.

It took me a month to start returning to my old self. My boss Mario wanted me to take some time off, but I refused wanting to lose myself in my work. I left early Monday to get an STD test - all clear, but that's all. I took on extra work to fill my hours and although I missed Alicia, I never went back to her.

We talked twice, the first time was the weekend after we broke up and I told her I would think about taking her back, just to get her to stay away. The second time was two weeks later when I asked her to tell me everything. After some coaxing on my part, she laid it all out for me. She overheard Dave telling me his stories and it turned her on. She tried to nudge me into some new sexual areas in the bedroom, but I didn't catch on. She approached Dave about it one night a couple of months ago, when I ran out to get some beer. Instead of being my friend, he offered to give her what she had been missing behind my back. They got together a total of four times including the night I caught them. When I asked why she couldn't have talked to me about it, she was worried I'd be offended. After telling her there was no chance of us ever being able to get back together, I asked her to forget about me and move on, then I hung up. I think that second conversation was what really helped me start to be myself again. I had all of the answers I'd ever get from her and I had to move on.

Two months after the breakup I realized that all of the extra work I was doing had filled my already decent bank account significantly. I had enough for a good down payment on a house and a nice budget to start renovating. I quickly found a perfect three bedroom bungalow with a big garage that I was going to take possession of at the end of the month. It needed a lot of work, but I had nothing but time.

I was two days away from moving into my new house and was packing up the last of the possessions I wouldn't need when there was a knock at my door. I was shocked to see Marilyn standing there, smiling at me wearily. "I'm sorry for dropping by unannounced, but it didn't know if you'd answer my call. Can I come in?" She asked timidly.

"I guess it depends on if you plan on slapping me again." I said with a cautious smile. Standing aside to let her in.

"I am truly sorry about that. Alicia didn't tell me the whole story of what happened. That's why I'm here." She said, surveying the apartment full of boxes. "Are you moving?"

"Yes. I bought a house." I answered her guardedly. "Are you here on behalf of Alicia?" I asked bluntly.

"No, I'm not here for my daughter. I'm here for you. Alicia told me the whole truth last night. I needed to apologize for what I said, and did when we saw each other last." She said.

"It's ok. I knew she must have told you something other than the truth. I know how protective you are of her and how bad I must have looked to you." I said, giving her a slight smile.

"It's NOT ok Brad. What Alicia did, what I did. I should have talked to you instead of lashing out. You are a great guy and I know you loved Alicia with all of your heart. So I'm here now. How are you?" She asked looking at me with an honest look of sadness.

I motioned to the couch for her to sit down. "I am better now, not 100%, but getting there." I replied. "I was a wreck for a little while, but I poured myself into work and spent a lot of time thinking. Alicia shredded my heart, and I still don't know what I did wrong, but I am moving on with my life." I said, unable to keep the sadness from my voice.

"Brad, look at me." Marilyn said, lifting my face with a finger. "Alicia told me EVERYTHING. You did nothing wrong. You are a giant teddy bear. Any woman would kill to be with a man like you. Alicia wasn't honest with you and she is the one who did something wrong." Her eyes were filling with tears as she went on. "You need to understand that."

"I guess." I said unconvincingly.

"Once I got to know you and saw how amazing you were to my little girl, It built up my confidence to demand more whenever I went out on a date." She grabbed my hand and smiled at me.

"How did that work out?" I asked, relaxing a bit and taking comfort it the contact.

"It seems like nobody is interested in getting to know me beyond getting in my panties, but I'm still trying and I'm sticking to my guns. Knowing there's guys like you around, I'll find one of them." She said, giving my hand a squeeze.

"I'm glad you're trying to find someone. I always thought you'd make someone very happy if you did." I said, gently squeezing her hand back.

"You really think so? I've never really been in a relationship before, I don't know if I could ever be what somebody wanted." She asked, showing an insecurity I'd never seen.

"Are you kidding me? You are smart, witty, full of love, and beautiful. Who wants any more than that?" I asked.

"You think I'm beautiful?" She asked, blushing.

"I think you're very beautiful." I replied. "I was amazed the first time I saw you. I couldn't believe what my girlfriend would look like as we grew older together."

She blushed at my words. "Thank you, Brad. But I came over to apologize to you and see how YOU were doing, not get my self esteem boosted. Tell me about your house."

We talked for about half an hour until she had to leave. It was great to talk to my friend again, since I seemed to be a bit short on those at the moment.

"I have to go, but when can I see your new house?" She asked.

"I take possession Saturday and I'm off all week to start working on it." I replied. "I'll be there most of the time, stop by whenever. I'll text you the address."

She stood awkwardly by the door as if she wasn't sure if she should hug me or shake my hand. I made the decision for her and wrapped her into a big hug. I squeezed her firmly in my arms, we had hugged countless times before, but it felt different. I noticed the smell of her hair, it was faintly fruity and something else. I could feel her breasts crushed against my chest, and if I wasn't mistaken, it felt like I could feel her nipples hardening against me. I could feel her breath against my shoulder through my shirt. Being single for a while must have heightened my senses of the other sex again.

Marilyn squeezed me back and I could feel my cock hardening in my shorts. I tried to shift a little so it wasn't so obvious pressing into her, but it only gave it more room to grow. I didn't want it to start getting awkward, so I started to release her from my hold.

She sighed as I released her. "Thanks, I needed that."

"A hug?" I asked.

"One of your hugs. You give the greatest hugs ever." She said softly.

"Thank you. I think I needed it too." I responded. "You give pretty great hugs yourself."

Marilyn blushed a little and looked away. "I should be on my way. See you next week, Brad." She smiled and opened the door.

"Marilyn, thank you." I said.

"For what, Brad?" She asked, cocking her head to the side slightly.

"For coming here, I didn't want to lose you as well." I said, sighing.

Marilyn's eyes teared up a little again and she just nodded as she walked out the door.

My hard-on was begging for my attention. I hadn't had much of a libido since I caught Alicia and Dave, so I thought I'd take advantage of the situation. I sat on the couch and freed my cock. I was mindlessly stroking it when I realized that all of my "mental material" was of Alicia and that was tainted now.

I tried to clear my mind and slowly Marilyn materialized in my thoughts. I started to remember seeing her wearing a bathing suit, it was a conservative one piece, but it still showed every curve. I thought about how she felt in my arms, how her ass would have felt in my hands through her jeans, how her lips would taste. That was enough for me to cum, I completely saturated a Kleenex.

Over the next few days Marilyn was in my thoughts a lot, I hadn't really thought of her sexually before she stopped by the last time and I realized I was looking forward to seeing her again. I masturbated twice a day and she was always the focus of my fantasies. I always felt guilty afterwards but she was the only woman I could or wanted to conjure up.

I took possession of my new house on Saturday, June first. A couple of friends, not named Dave helped me move stuff in. I planned to do the main living areas first, so we piled almost everything into the smallest bedroom and set the second bedroom up as my only real living area/bedroom. We had a few beers as I explained my plans to them and then I went to bed to get an early start.

By late Tuesday morning, I was done gutting everything. I was pleasantly surprised that I hadn't come across any unforeseen issues during my demolition. It was hot outside, and the hard work only amplified it. My outfit for the week was shorts and t-shirt until I got too hot, then just shorts until I was done for the day. I had noticed that when I was carrying stuff to the dumpster in the driveway I'd get a bit of attention from the women in the neighborhood, but they were either retirees or married as best I could tell.

I was hanging drywall in the kitchen Tuesday afternoon when I heard gentle footsteps and then a small gasp behind me. "Brad? The front door was open, so I just walked in" Marilyn said so as not to startle me.

"One moment, almost done." I replied. I finished hanging the drywall and turned with a smile. It was my turn to gasp. Marilyn was standing there with a low cut, flowery, yellow sundress, that stopped short of her knees. "You look absolutely stunning!" I said to her, before I even had a chance to think. 

She smiled shyly and blushed at my compliment. "Thank you. It's always nice to get a compliment from a handsome young gentleman."
