 [This is a work of fiction. The story is an unadulterated and unabashed attempt to tickle male fantasies and perhaps some female fantasies as well. As such, the story may or may not totally conform to reality. With some occasional historical exceptions, all other locations, events, and characters are entirely fictitious and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.]

******



The bell rang, signaling the end of my second hour class and the passing time before the start of third hou; my preparation period. I'd been teaching high school English for seven years, all of them in this small high school of some four hundred plus students.

Lunch was still an hour and twenty minutes away, but, as the bell rang again to signal the start of third period and the end of my between classes hall monitoring, I thought I might as well walk down to the teacher's workroom/lounge and get a snack from the candy machine. I've got a serious case of the Ronson family sweet tooth syndrome.

As I came abreast of Trudy Trueheart, the Spanish teacher, she nodded and said, "Hi, Ted, how's it going today?"

"Hi, Trudy, quite well, thanks. What about you?"

"Also great," she replied as she kept walking, holding up a large group of papers. "Gotta get started grading these. See ya."

Really great body she has there, but she keeps those legs together tighter than two drumheads in the desert. That was the thought that went through my head as I continued on around the hall corner towards the work room.

Ruth Ransom, the girls phys ed teacher stepped out of her office, nearly colliding with me. "Hey ya, big boy, watch it," she smilingly chided, "I might have bounced you off my 38s and into the other wall, ha-ha-ha."

"Promises, promises," I shot back.

"I'll try harder next time," she said as she started off down the hall in the opposite direction, "gotta parent conference in five. See ya."

I sure would like to bounce off those 38s, multiple times!

Ruth was, to say the least, one stacked lady as in "like a brick shit house." That was especially true in light of her otherwise petite frame and tightly packed little ass. Her face, like that of Helen of Troy, could lead a thousand ships astray. Although I was single, Ruth was not. 

Oh well, a guy can always fantasize.

Yeah, I'm still single. I graduated from the university with my B.A. seven years ago. Going to summer school only after that so I could keep teaching, I barely finished my M.A. in English just before the current school term began. At least it was in time to get the salary increase for the new degree level.

I dated lots of girls during my undergraduate years, but I just never latched onto one permanently. It's not that I'm ugly or anything. I'm six foot six, two-hundred-forty pounds in the shower, and still retain my six-pack abs from my daily workouts. Sometimes, people ask me how I get such broad shoulders through doorways. I've also been told by some that I have a rugged, chiseled face. Personality? Well, no one's complained so far.

I've had a couple of serious affairs over the last seven years. The first was with a young personal trainer at the gym where I started working out. Some extra curricular gym hours got that affair started. After a year, she moved off to a better position in another city two states away.

The second affair began with me dating one of the cute new teachers here at Randolph High my third year on staff. That one lasted two years until she accepted a position and a big increase in salary in a school on the left coast. A bit far from the heart of the Illinois corn belt for an affair to continue.

None of the women I have dated since Miss Newby held more than a passing interest for me. I fucked about half of them in essentially one night stands. The rest of them kept their legs crossed, like Trudy. I've had a six-month dry spell and I really would like to give my right hand a rest.

As I was about to cross the "T" intersection of the main hall with a little stub hallway going off to the left, I heard a muted thump. I knew that there were two small conference rooms across from each other down that short, dead end hall and I wondered what the noise was or if someone got hurt. I turned on my heel and headed down that way.

I reached a point between the two doorways, stopped, and listened. I heard a muted buzz of mumbled conversation from the room on the left. Ruth's parent conference, I suppose. I stepped over closer to the other door on the right. I heard more muted, but softer sounds, whimpers really, and some moans.

What the hell?

I put my ear to the door in question and listened to still more sounds that were now unquestionably sexual in nature.

Who in the hell, was my thought this time.

Hesitantly, I put my hand on the door knob and gently tried it. The damned thing started to turn.

Damned fools, they should've locked the door, not to mention kept more quiet.

Really curious by that point, I quietly eased the door open and stepped in, gasping silently as I did.

My eyes bugged out and my mouth drooled as I beheld the sight before me. Stretched out on her back on the three by eight foot utility table, lay Sharon, the new, twenty-one year old, freshman English and literature teacher. She was fresh out of college and doing her first year of teaching under contract.

Her blouse lay open and winged at her sides, her bra lay up around her neck, exposing her more than ample tits, and her skirt and half slip were bunched at her waist. Her panties, what there was of them, hung loosely from her left ankle. Her long, toned legs were spread wide, dangling off either side of the table.

And between those gorgeous legs, plowing her furrow as hard as he could, with his pants and boxers around his ankles, was F.J. Tacky, the middle aged chemistry teacher. They were so engrossed in their fucking that either they didn't know I was there or they simply didn't care and ignored me.

I'd barely comprehended the scene when F.J arched his back sharply and lunged into Sharon's pussy as deeply as he could reach. Balls deep, he dumped his load of cum with a supressed howl. Sharon followed a moment or two later with an exploding orgasm, leaking their combined sex juices all around his spurting cock. She had a hanky stuffed in her mouth in an attempt to stifle the moans she was producing.

"Damn!" hissed F.J. between his teeth. "Best damn pussy I've had in five years."

He withdrew his cock and Sharon just lay there, her pussy still yawning wide open in a large 'O', drooling cum and she quaking with her sexual release. She was gasping for breath.

"You two really should lock the door and keep a hell of a lot more quiet than you were doing," I said in a low voice. "There is a parent conference going on across the hall, you damn fools."

Startled, they both looked over at me. Both faces flushed with more than just their exertions.

"Oh!" Sharon managed to get out between gasps for breath.

Fuck!" was F.J.'s contribution to the conversation.

"You just did." I replied.

F.J. still stood over her pussy. semi-hard and still dribbling their combined cum down onto Sharon's shaved mound. I didn't know old F.J. had that kind of staying power. He grabbed Sharon's two hands and pulled her up to a sitting position in front of him, her generous mounds swinging into full presentation as if for full inspection. 

She gathered herself up onto her knees as he commanded her, "Suck me off and clean it up, we gotta get dressed."

Sharon unabashedly complied, and I stared in fascination at her chest. There was no pendulous swing down as she bent over to comply. Her boobs were too tight and perky What immediately flashed though my mind at that point was, Damn, but that is one hell of a rack she has. They must be 38s at least. I sure would like to get MY hands on them and MY cock in the valley. That pussy looks so pretty damned delicious that I could eat it 'til kingdom come, not to mention fuck it that long.

F.J. brought me back to the reality of the moment with, "Damn it Ted, I hope I can trust you to keep quiet about this. My wife would kill me if she found out."

"Well, F.J.," I replied, "your reputation as a philanderer isn't the best kept secret in the world, as your wife likely knows that, but no, I won't say anything about this little incident. I wasn't here and I never saw a thing."

"Your eyes and that bulge in your pants belie your word,be Mr..Ronson," grinned Sharon with a bit of a leer.

Thinking quickly, I added, "Especially if I can have a turn or two with this little piece of ass." 

By then, the raging boner that was tenting out my pants was even more obvious.

"My how you talk about me, Mr. Ronson, like I was just a pound of flesh." 

"Well?" I retorted.

"Don't I have a say in this?"

"By all means, Sharon, what did you want to say?"

"Excuse me," interrupted F.J., "but I've to get some work done before my next class.

He stooped down to the floor and pulled up his clothes. "You work it out with her." Checking himself over once, he quietly slipped out the door. I relocked it.

"You're correct in one thing, at least." Sharon continued, "I do so enjoy sex, lots of sex. And I would be more than glad to fuck your brains out, Mr. Ronson. But, simply because I like to fuck, doesn't make me just a piece of meat, buster. Then again," she giggled, "maybe it does at that."

Sharon was still on the table, sitting on her pretty ass with her clothing just as disarrayed as when I first stepped into the room. Her big tits sticking proudly forward at me, led by long, stiff nipples surrounded by larger than half-dollar sized aureola.

"Well, come and get it, Mr. Ronson, we don't have all day you know. Show me some goods so I can decide how to pleasure you."

I didn't hesitate. I didn't even check the time on my watch. I just dropped my pants and boxers to my ankles and freed my stiff and standing fuck tool to bob and pulse in front of me and her face.

"My, my, but you are a really big boy indeed, aren't you Mr. Ronson. Yes, I think I'd love to take you on. This will have to be a quick one though, the period is about to run out and I have a class right away. Let's go baby, mouth or pussy?"

I didn't have to be asked twice. I shuffled up between her legs as she laid back down on her back and I said, "Pussy, but I want a taste first." 

My mouth dropped to her soaked snatch and I licked and sucked up all their combined cum I could find. That got Sharon's hips pumping in the ages old manner of eros.

"Damn, don't tease me, fuck me. We don't have time to play this time."

"Jesus, Sharon, shut your mouth before someone hears us," I growled out between my teeth that were latched onto her clit.

So, mindful of the pending bell, I raised my big head and got my little head on the target. She was still wet inside, so my cock slid in to the hilt in one swift and just short of vicious, thrust. My hands grabbed for her tits and squeezed hard.

That elicited a big, "Umph" from her and we went to work. There was sufficient fluid still in the depths of her puss that lubrication was not a problem after that first hard thrust of my dry dick. I squeezed down some more on her tits and nipples and really fucked that girl.

Neither of us lasted long, me especially after the long build up to finally fucking her. We climaxed one, two with me getting off first. With my cock pumping shot after shot into her depths, we just stared at each other. Understanding flashed between us--we were going to do this again and often, with much more time on hand when we did at that moment.

I backed out slowly until with a squelch, my cock popped out of her pussy. We were still staring into each other's eyes with complete understanding. I finally broke the spell.

"We've just minutes remaining. We have to get cleaned up and get out of here. We've been very, very lucky so far that no one else has tried to get in here"

"Right, Mr. Ronson."

"I really think you can call me Ted now, Sharon."

"Ok, Mr... uh, Ted."

We slid into a sixty-nine and quickly licked each other as clean as we could.

"I hope the odor of our exertions wears off quickly," I said, "or we're going to raise eyebrows."

We climbed off the table and had both just buttoned the last button, so to speak, as the bell rang. "If anybody sees us leave and asks about what was going on, our story is that F.J. and I were mentoring a new teacher who had some questions."

"Roger," she said as she opened the door and led us out into the stub hall.

Just before turning in the opposite direction from me at the main hall intersection, Sharon said to me, "Ted, tomorrow's Friday. I really would like for you to come over to my place after school. I want much more of that one-eyed monster of yours you know so well how to use and, I want a lot more time to play with it. You can plan on staying all weekend. Don't bring any changes of clothing, you won't be wearing any for the weekend."

Now how can a guy turn down an offer like that? Of course I said, "It's a date!"

******

Friday finally arrived. The last home game of the football season started at eight and I had to sell tickets. Damn. I was scheduled to sell with old F.J. That should be interesting. I got to the field at the scheduled time. When I entered the ticket booth, I got a surprise. There, smiling seductively, was Sharon instead of F.J.

"I checked the ticket selling schedule and offered to take F.J.'s place. You don't mind, do you, Ted?"

"I mind it about as much as a black bear that's just found a big cache of honeybee comb in a hollow tree."

"Oh, you do have a way with words, Ted."

The next hour and a half or so got very, very interesting indeed. We were in a four sided box with a glass front that only showed us from about belly button height up. We sat on high stools or stood, depending on how much our backs hurt.

After the initial rush that lasted for some time, business dropped off until people dribbled in slowly. We had numerous opportunities to play grab ass or whatnot under the level of the counter. Sharon's hand kept drifting to my cock so much that she had it hard the whole damn time.

But turn about is fair play. My hand was between her legs as well. She wore slacks but was quite obviously sans panties. With my hand inside her waist band, I had her dripping wet very quickly. An obvious wet spot in the "V" of her pants kept getting larger until it dribbled out onto the stool on which her fanny was parked. Talk about getting horny! Cum was going to fly really quick once we finally got to her place.

Sharon's face flushed in orgasm at least twice during the evening. Just before quitting time, I finally unloaded a wad of cum in my pants. Damn. Oh well, that took the edge off for both of us and we'd last a while for the next round.

Sometime during the second quarter, old F.J. wandered by the ticket booth and stopped to chat.

"What's been going on in there, Teddy boy? Sharon's got that look of a fresh diddled pussy and you look like the cat that swallowed the canary."

"Really, F.J., nothing's going on"

"Yeah, and I just fucked Madonna, too. Tell me another one, buddy boy."

"I would, but you'd not believe that one either."

"Har, har, Ted. Well, I've got to go. Want to see the rest of this quarter. Have fun, you two."

"Don't worry, we will," added Sharon.

The third quarter was well under way when the principal wandered by and said we could close up and brings the money to the office. After counting the take and checking out, we headed for the faculty parking lot.

"I live close by, Sharon, so I walked."

"Well I live quite a bit further away, so we'll go in my car."

"Fine, but you drive since you know where you're going."

Sharon had rented a small, neat little bungalow. It had four rooms down and a loft up. The kitchen, bedroom, and den/bedroom were smallish while the living room was moderate in size. Once inside, Sharon shut and locked the door. She turned into me in a really tight embrace that mashed her more than generous boobs into my chest and she ground her mons into my tall hardon.

"Ooh, I've really wanted some more of that since last Tuesday in the conference room."

She rubbed her pussy up and down my shaft really hard, grinding roughly. Jeeze, did my dick ever like that. Meanwhile, we lip locked, hard. Our mouths opened. Tongues darted and entwined. Lust fueled our fires to a raging inferno.

Sharon had already dropped her coat, as had I, as she turned into me from the door. We broke our clinch and I grabbed her blouse. Wrenching it apart as buttons flew every direction, I ripped it off her body. I was just as rough on her bra, tearing it open and ripping it off as she yanked on my shirt. It came off with another scattering of buttons.

I yanked her slacks down as she ripped my tee to shreds getting it off me. Sharon now stood before me, bare ass naked. She yanked my belt open and my zipper down. I toed my shoes off as she dropped my pants and boxers to my ankles.

Sharon pushed me down onto an armless chair as she dropped to her knees to yank off my socks. Then she just bent forward and dropped her mouth onto my very rigid dick. My God, she sure had a velvet mouth and tongue. And it was nice and warm. and wet in there as she worked her tongue on my glans. Fuck, that felt good.

Except for the short session last Tuesday at school, it'd been a fairly long dry spell without sex for me. I was more than eager to pound Sharon's pussy all weekend. But first I had to let her finish using my dick as a popsicle.

I pulled Sharon off my cock saying, "Stop, Sharon, I'm about to shoot my wad and I don't want to do that yet. I want to shoot off in your snatch. Lay down."

She lay on the floor at my feet and I got between her legs. My mouth dropped to her clean shaven mons and pussy. Myy tongue immediately went to work. I licked and sucked all over her mons and labia and the creases between her legs and mons. I temporarily avoided her center slit and clit.

But, at length, I did bury my tongue in her central crevice and lapped up the moisture I found there. Without warning, I latched my lips onto her clit and snapped it. I licked it. I gently bit it with my teeth and snapped it again.

Sharon reacted with an explosive orgasm.

I moved up to her thirty-eights.

Thirty-eights they may have been, but they were only twenty year old thirty-eights. And they were high, tight, and proud. She wouldn't be able to hold a pencil under either one of them. There simply was no sag whatsoever. God, they were magnificent. My tongue and mouth tried to do them justice.

"If you don't fuck me pretty soon, Ted, I'll die."

"Your wish is my command, Ma'am."

I backed myself down into the saddle and aimed my missile at the desired target. Her pussy lips were puffy, swollen with the hot blood of passion. She was dripping with her readiness to be fucked. My glans sank slowly into her cleft to slowly slide into the gate of heaven. Ever so slowly, my shaft teasingly inched in behind it as I thrust forward.

"Fuck!" was all she said.

Pubic bone met pubic bone and a long pause ensued. And then it was off to the races as I pumped madly into the rush for the climax to end all climaxes. Shit, what a ride.

We fucked and sucked into the wee hours of he night before we finally got up and collapsed on the bed in the other room and fell into a sex drugged sleep. It was near noon on Saturday morning when we were awakened by a loud rapping on the open bedroom door.

"What the fuck?"

We weren't exactly dressed for visitors. The room was cozily warm, so both Sharon and I were very naked on the sheet with the covers bunched at the foot of the bed. Sharon was rubbing here eyes and I was sporting my wake up woody.
