 As is my usual practice on an ordinary Friday night, I am on my way to pick up Jessica. Tonight the plan is to go and see her brother’s band playing at a local bar. I get to her apartment at about 9:00pm. She comes to the door and she is looking great. Her blonde hair is let down, the tight shirt she is wearing contours the form of her 40 DD chest, and the short skirt she is wearing should be illegal. I grab her by the waist, pull her to me we start to make out outside her door. She pushes me back and with a devilish grin says that I had better stop or we will not make it to the show tonight. I know exactly what she means, and reluctantly I lead her to my car.

The ride to the bar is uneventful we were talking about how glad we were that the week was finally over. We get inside the bar at about 9:30 and order a round of beers. Her brother and his band are up on stage tuning their instruments and preparing for the show scheduled to start at 10:00pm. Jessica is looking very sexy tonight, and the sex with is so great that I cannot really think about much else other than sex when we are together. Sitting at the bar, I move my hand up her exposed thigh, but she slaps it away. Normally this would not bother her, but she is a bit shy in front of her brother.

10:00pm arrives and the band starts playing. The music is loud and strong and the crowd is really into the band. I hold Jessica close against my body and we slowly and subtly grind against each other. I know that she can feel my arousal pressing against her skirt, and I know that she is getting aroused too. Loud music in a close and dark setting has always been a great mood setter for us. Even though the music was coming from her brother, we were both getting in the mood. She reached behind her back and rubbed my cock over my pants as the music played. I wanted to reach up her skirt and finger her, but she, as much as she really wanted it too, would not let me.

The band played for what to me was 90 minutes of agony. The music was great, but not being able to touch Jessica in the carnal manner that I really wanted to was agonizing for me. After the show, we had two rounds of drinks with the band. We left the bar at about 12:30. Jessica knew how tortured I was in the bar and she decided to taunt me more in the car. About five blocks from the bar she started to play with her nipples through her shirt, and is tells me how turned on she is. I told her that if she didn’t stop what she was doing that I was going to pull over and fuck her in the car on the side of the road. At first, the idea excited her, but then she realized that we could have more fun in her apartment than we could in the car.

She withdrew her hands from her nipples and slipped a hand down into my lap. She was massaging my thigh and working her way up toward the bulge in my pants. She cupped my cock through my pants and seductively licked her lips. She lowered her head into my lap and ran her lips and her cheek over my pants while squeezing my cock. She was being such a tease it was driving me crazy. At the next red light, she unzipped my pants and pulled out the head of my cock. When the light turned green and she started to playfully lick the tip of my head.

She maintained her playful licks and kisses all the way back to her apartment. By the time we got there, she was licking drops of pre-cum from the tip of my cock. Once inside we raced straight to the bedroom, and we fell together into her bed. We started making out as I unbuttoned my shirt. I broke our kiss so that I could discard my shirt. I came back down on top of her and gently nibbled and caressed her nipples through her shirt. She let out a soft whimper as my teeth closed on her nipples. She quickly sat upright and discarded her shirt and bra, and at the same time, I removed my tee shirt.

Our kissing intensified, and my lips worked their way down to her neck. I sucked and nibbled on her neck feeling her body writhe underneath me from the stimulation. One of my hands roamed its way gently down her side to the hem of her skirt. I hiked up her skirt and slid my hand up her thigh. Her body shivered when my fingers reached her wet panties. I rubbed her pussy softly through her panties, and then I pulled them aside and easily slid a finger inside her. I first finger with a second finger, and began to slowly rock my two fingers in and out of her pussy. She began to moan as I fingered her and sucked on her nipples.

I slid down her body softly laying kisses along her tummy. When I reached the waistline of her skirt, I reached down to the hem and hiked it all the way up around her waist. I lifted her legs up and rested them on my shoulders. I started to kiss and caress my way down her thigh. When I reached her pussy, I softly kissed the lips of her pussy, closing my lips on hers, and giving her some tongue. She moaned and her hips gyrated as my mouth teased her pussy.

I grabbed the waistline of her panties and then pulled them off her. Once her pussy was bare, I stood up and got out of my pants. I climbed back into bed with her and firmly grabbed her hips. I flipped her over onto her tummy and then raised her hips. I bent down and gave her pussy a few more quick licks before I placed my cock between her pussy lips. She was so hungry for me to fuck her, that as soon as she felt me she rocked herself back and took my cock into her pussy.

I met her hips thrust for thrust and we were fucking fast. I was already so aroused from everything that we had done up to this point, and her pussy felt so good I knew it wouldn’t take me very long to cum. I wanted her to cum quickly also so I reached around and started to finger her clit as I fucked her. My finger on her clit produced exactly the effect I had hoped it would. In moments as my cock was twitching inside her pussy and I was ready to cum, I felt her pussy tightening around my cock. I could not hold back and my cock erupted inside her pussy. As my cock was emptying out my last drops of cum, I felt her orgasm gush over me. She moaned and gyrated as her orgasm shook her body.

When her orgasm subsided, we laid in her bed. We were both still horny and we were touching each other all over our bodies. I massaged her ass and then slowly and softly ran my fingers up her back. I ran my hands down her sides back to her ass. I lingered on her ass squeezing and groping her. I ran my hands back up her tummy to her chest and I massaged her tits and played with her nipples. She ran her nails lightly down my back and then lingered on my ass squeezing and groping it. She released my ass, then came around, and cupped my balls.

She massaged my balls and then began to run her fingers up and down my cock bringing it back to life. She pushed my hands off her chest and then leaned down over my cock and started to lick the length of my shaft. She ran her tongue up and down my cock with her skilled tongue before she took it into her mouth completely. With her mouth on my cock, her pussy pointed toward my face. I slipped two fingers into her pussy while she sucked on my cock. My fingers made her very excited and she began to suck even harder on my cock.

She lifted her mouth from my cock and got on top of me. She opened her pussy above my cock and then slowly lowered herself down on top of me. I watched intently as she bobbed up and down on my cock. I watched my cock appear and disappear inside her as she played with her clit while riding me. She moaned with excitement from the way my eyes fixated on her body and her movements. If I had not cum once already, she would have made me cum very quickly.

I stayed hard in her for a while, and the entire time she rode me relentlessly. I heard her breathing become heavier, and her pussy was really going to work on my cock. She knew exactly what to do with her body, to my body to make me cum. She felt her orgasm nearing and wanted us to cum together again. Her pussy gave my cock all it could handle and within moments, she made me cum again. Her orgasm gushed again over my cock inside her as I was letting out my last drops of cum.

After that we were both satisfied and spent, the question on our minds was “did we have enough in us to go at it again”…