 Slurping her father's gorgeous, oversized erection, the long-haired, 18-year-old brunette smiled at him as he woke up from his deep, overnight slumber late one summertime Saturday morning. "Hi, Daddy," giggled Fallon, her lips and tongue suckling the bulbous, soft helmet of her father's eight-and-a-half-inch long, supremely-fat penis, while her petite hands were wrapped around its thick base, holding it upright, pumping it softly. "Time to wake up, Daddy -- someone wants your cock really, really badly." And the thin-lipped, gorgeous brunette grinned at her father, making it abundantly clear she was referring to herself.

Groggy, her fit, sturdy father rubbed his eyes, noting the time -- nearly 10:30 -- and looked down his naked body as he lay on his bed, seeing his sexy, slutty daughter kneeling next to his meaty thighs, bending over to pleasure his penis. Fallon had peeled down his clean, white underwear, bunching it around his balls, to expose his erection so she could begin milking and massaging it with her mouth and hands.

Moaning at the now-familiar flavor of her father's penis that she'd been sucking and fucking repeatedly the past week, Fallon's teenage vagina was creaming and sizzling in her pink cotton panties as she bent over. She knew she'd be sticking her daddy's dick in her aching, wet hole, but for now, she wanted to give her father pleasure with a long, sloppy blowjob. "Mom's gone for the morning, shopping," reported the slutty daughter with a high-pitched, energetic voice and a rise of her thin eyebrow, "we have the house all to ourselves -- so I'm gonna make you nice and hard!"

He smiled at her, rolling onto his back more and kicking his underwear off completely, so that he could relax and spread his legs open, giving his daughter more room to lick and suck his massive erection and his cum-filled balls beneath. "Weren't you at a sleepover at Gracie's this morning?" he laughed. To Fallon, his voice suggested he was surprised to have his horny daughter home.

The long-haired, small-titted teenager nodded, her dainty pink tongue flicking out to touch the hot, engorged shaft of her daddy's dick. "Yeah, I had a real good time at Gracie's -- but I left early, she had to go to her gymnastics practice." Fallon swallowed her father's cockhead into her mouth, suckling it hard, her tongue washing over it, feeling the size and power of his very manly prick as she stuffed her mouth full of the top few inches of the dick. "By the way, Gracie misses you, she wants you to come fuck her again -- soon."

Her daddy grinned, liking the news. "You're just saying that, to butter me up -- so I'll let you go fuck another one of my friends again, or one of the married men from the pool you've bedded." He snickered at the thought of how slutty his daughter was.

Proudly, Fallon moaned and nodded, staring at her daddy's face, continuing to lather his penis with her saliva through licks and kisses and deep sucks. "Mmm, you know it, Daddy, you love what a slut I am for hot married dicks!"

While sucking her daddy's cock, the horny teenager thought about some of the ten married dicks she'd fucked that summer. She sucked and fucked some of them just for the fun of it, not even knowing or liking the men. She didn't care.

She just loved getting laid by men who appreciated a good screw with a gorgeous, horny teenager like herself -- exactly as happened earlier that summer....

CHAPTER 3: Wednesday, July 10

Just about two weeks after seducing a married man at her pool to fuck her, Fallon was on the verge of giving up her hunt for other married men to fuck.

She'd flirted with a dozen adults at the pool, and made passes at three of them. Each guy turned her down -- two of them belittling her, telling her she was "only 18" and "just a kid" and "so immature." One guy said she was "hot," but it was "improper" and "a bad idea," and he stopped talking to her entirely. Apparently, a few married men had their morals in check.

Fallon decided to stop asking out married men, instead just finding time to hook up with Erick now and then. She'd fucked him only twice since their first sex, and both those other times were afternoons at her sister Farrah's apartment, when Farrah was at work. But it kept her young pussy's craving for male dick sufficiently satisfied, even if it wasn't as nearly as frequently as she wanted (meaning, daily).

Fortunately, she was eventually able to find another man like Erick, and not like those guys with morals.

It was a hot, July Wednesday afternoon, the sun was relentless and the air stale. After just four hours in the morning-to-lunch shift, Fallon felt overheated. She was standing outside the pool at 1 pm, with booty shorts the only thing on over her red lifeguard bikini, along with dark sunglasses and a wide-brim had to try and keep the blistering sunlight off her face. She was waiting for her mom to pick her up, but her mom had just texted her and said she'd be 15 minutes late. It embarrassed her gravely, being 18 and not having a car to drive herself around town. She had to wait for her mom to transport her to and from work, as if she was much younger.

Tired, exhausted, cranky, Fallon wanted to find a hole and run into it, instead of waiting out here for another 15 fucking minutes.

A minivan pulled in front of her, an unfamiliar one -- big and blue, like what just about every other family owned. The driver's window rolled down, and the smiling face of one of the fathers from the pool blinked at her. "You okay?" he said to the sexy female lifeguard.

Fallon blinked at him. She recognized him, but hadn't ever spoken to him. He had a couple small kids, he usually was at the pool with his wife or neighbors. She'd really never paid him much attention.

Until now, his car -- with cold air blasting out of his window from the air conditioner -- seemed like a refuge from the heat. At first she was going to say nothing was wrong, but in a fit of honesty, the teenager fought back some tears and shrugged. "I'm just, like, really tired -- and I have to wait for my mom to get me -- and, I've been out in the sun all morning."

The friendly dad didn't even pause to think. "Here," he said, hitting a button to make the side door of his car open, "come on in, we'll take you home -- right, girls?" He turned to look at his two young daughters, both 6 or 7, strapped in their car seats. The girls didn't seem to care, nodding innocently. "Text your mom, tell her you'll be home right away."

Fallon didn't argue, she sank into the cold air of the minivan and caught her breath. Her fingers didn't want to operate her cellphone, but she managed to text her mom that she had a ride home from the pool.

The dad's name was Trevor, and he introduced his little girls; Fallon didn't catch their names. Instead, she feverishly thanked him a million times, in a sweet, schoolgirl voice, happy to get out of the hot sun. He was very pleasant, offering to get her a soda or water bottle at a small convenience store near the pool -- his daughters were overheated, too, and wanted some kind of drink the snack shack at the pool didn't offer. She waited in the car with the girls as the friendly dad went into the store and came out with drinks for everyone.

And that's when plans changed. One of the two girls spilled her drink all over herself, and began crying. "I wanna go home, I wanna go home," she balled. Fallon felt embarrassed to be in the car, as the dad profusely apologized at the girl's behavior. She was overheated, tired, hungry, she needed her afternoon nap.

Thinking nothing of it, Fallon shrugged. "It's fine, I can walk home, or --"

"No, no," insisted the father, not wanting to put her back out in the afternoon heat, "Really, if you don't mind, I'll drive you home -- I promised -- I just gotta get her home first."

That's what he did, driving his daughters to their house and leaving them with a live-in au pair. Excusing herself, he went back out to the minivan, climbing into the driver's seat and insisting that Fallon move to the front bench, right next to him. "You're not a little kid," he told her, as she climbed out of the car and hopped into the passenger spot next to him.

He didn't look much at her, as he drove her towards her home. Except, when she turned her head, she could see him glancing in her direction -- spying on the shape of her young tits in her skin-tight, red bikini top, and at her smooth, tanned thighs. It made her smile, she felt admired, although stealthily; he didn't want her to see that he was checking her out.

So Fallon put on the charm. "You're so sweet, driving me home," she said to him, smiling warmly and looking right in his bright, green eyes, "you don't even know me!" He answered, he'd seen her at the pool, seen lots of people talking to her, so he knew she was very friendly and sweet, just by watching her. It made her grin more, knowing he'd been watching her and admiring what he saw.

As she began talking to him, she looked into his crotch. He had a loose t-shirt, which he kept over his crotch to hide whatever was in it; but as he turned the wheel of the car, sometimes the t-shirt rode up a bit, revealing what was underneath. Her eyes noticed the distinct bulge in his trunks, there was no question he had an erection, but was trying to hide it. He was hot for her!

The car slowed at an intersection, and she saw a strip mall with her favorite ice cream parlor. Out of the blue, she asked him to pull into the lot, so she could buy herself a cup of very-vanilla and cherry swirl. Trevor nodded, knowing the place, but saying he'd pick it up for her. She protested, but he insisted. The parking lot was basically empty, no one was at the parlor at this time of the day, in the middle of the week. It didn't take long to get their ice cream, and they quickly ate it standing in the shade. As she arched her back, she could see Trevor staring at her flat tummy and slim thighs, and at the shape of her boobs in her bikini top. She loved being admired.

The two slipped back in the minivan, and he started up the engine to cool them off again from the exterior heat. The ice cream in her tummy made her feel alive and refreshed again; and with this married man hard for her body, she was on the prowl once more. "What can I do to make it up to you, hmm?" she asked, wrinkling her nose, giving him a playful, not so innocent look. The fit adult just shrugged, as if not sure to answer, and he looked away from her like he didn't want to say what was on her mind. Fallon felt him trying to be difficult, and the slut felt the game was afoot once more. Her confidence from bedding Erick made her make a pass at Trevor. "Really, what can I do, to show you how sweet you are?" As she said it, she slipped closer to him in the car, reaching her hand down to his crotch, letting her teenage hand wrap around the shape of his hard erection.

The father bolted, wanting to almost jump out of the closed car, restrained by his seat belt. His wild, wide eyes stared at the gorgeous brunette next to him. "What -- what are you -- what are you doing?"

Fallon giggled at him, snickering again. "Ooh, just, trying to show you how nice you are." He wasn't pushing her hand away, so the teenager began massaging his hard dick through his swim trunks. She could tell, he had a nice, meaty penis inside.

"You're serious?" the male spat, almost with anger, but directed more at himself than at her, "but -- how old are you?"

"I'm 18, I'm old enough!" the girl proudly moaned, "and I'm very serous!" She could tell, he was wanting this; he was hard for her, and he wasn't stopping her. Just like Erick! Right in the front seat of his minivan, she leaned down, putting her head over his lap between his belly and the steering wheel, trying to yank his trunks down to expose his erection.

She needed help doing that, and Trevor was obliging. "Really, shouldn't do this," he moaned, but seeing the girl wanting to suck his dick, he lifted his ass from the car seat and peeled down his trunks. His rigid, throbbing erection jutted out of his crotch, stiff and leaking precum. Fallon smelled it, the scent of hard adult dick making her so horny. She didn't wait, wrapping her mouth over the man's shaft and she began to blow him.

It didn't take long, actually. Sucking his cock for just two or three minutes, even in the cramped position of the front seat of the vehicle, she soon had Trevor grunting and gasping from the feelings of her wet, teen mouth around his married penis. His hand pushed her head down more, he growled, and he began to squirt his jism into her mouth. "Shit, I'm sorry, I'm sorry," he gasped while wincing, "you're so hot -- got me so hard -- couldn't last, sorry, you're so sweet, honey!"

Fallon sat up, wiping cum from her lips, swallowing his massive load of semen. The salty, musky flavor had her pussy so wet, she didn't care he came quick. She was thinking about fucking him. "So, um -- you're hot -- do you think, maybe, we can, like, see each other again?" She reached to his hand, pulling it to her chest, and he let him feel her petite, teen breast through her bikini top. "So, like, we can have lots of other fun?"

Trevor's eyes rolled, as he thought about declining -- she could tell, he wanted to say no. But she smiled at him bashfully, and when she lifted her bikini top to show off her perky, sexy young hooters, his eyes rolled more and he gave into his guilt. "Oh, I think I'll have to find time." He was furtively looking at the parking lot, making sure no one was looking at them. "You're serious -- you really wanna?"

Quickly, they both realized they had a couple hours free. Fallon texted her sister Farrah, confirming that the 22 year old was going to be at work throughout the day and into the evening -- leaving her house a few minutes away completely empty. "So," Fallon whispered to the married man, as both of them pulled their clothing back over their exposed bodies, "take me 'home' for a while?"

As soon as the two walked into Farrah's house, and before Fallon could even put away the key back into her purse, the two were making out. Trevor grabbed Fallon by wrapping his thick arms around her, smashing his mouth into her mouth, and she kissed him back. His hands groped her tight ass in her shorts, and she slipped her hand down to massage his dick again inside his trunks. Trevor's hands lifted up, sliding up her mostly-naked back, digging fingers underneath her bikini top. Fallon broke the kiss and lifted her arms, and Trevor removed the bikini top to expose her teen tits. As she arched her back, standing in the middle of the floor by the front door of her sister's house, Trevor leaned his face down and began licking and sucking her boobies, while his hands slipped down her body, fondling her buttcheeks again. The horny pervert salivated on her tits, licking and sucking the soft, perky boobies back and forth, while his hands dug inside her shorts and bikini bottom to clutch and fondle her naked buttcheeks. Fallon yelped, holding his head against her breasts with one hand around his skull, using her other hand to push down her bikini bottom. Soon she was standing there completely naked, grunting in heat, while Trevor continued licking her boobs and his hand was between her thighs, pawing at her wet, shaved-bald cuntlips.

"Fuck, yesss, uhhh!" the girl squealed, feeling his fingers on her pussy.

Trevor pushed her backwards a few steps, onto the sofa near the door. She fell on her back and butt on it, almost flat. Trevor dropped to his knees in front of her, peeling open her thighs, instantly licking her hairless, teenage cunt with a powerful, fat tongue. Fallon squealed again, grabbing his head, grinding her crotch against his tongue. Trevor was shoving his strong tongue inside her hole, stretching it, licking juices out of her. So turned on, Fallon yelped once more, aloud, and she suddenly began to cum in Trevor's mouth. She'd been so horny, the cum happened so fast!

After licking her through that first cum, Trevor's mouth slid down, and he began licking her asshole too. She wiggled her hot little ass, pulling her knees back, staring down at the dirty man as he licked and tasted her butthole. Trevor's eyes were glued to the sight of her sexy little boobies, his hands reaching up to play with them, pinching her nipples, rubbing his saliva around her fleshy young orbs. His tongue returned to her vagina, licking her clitoris and the wet folds of flesh around her hole, then plunging deep into her twat once more. All the wonderful satisfaction from Trevor made Fallon wince and shriek again, exploding with another orgasm a few minutes later.

Fallon's young voice was strained from the orgasms. His tongue was wonderful in her holes, but she really wanted something else. "Ohhh, fuck, ohhh, yesss -- ohhh, please, fuck me! Fuck me!" She caught her breath, and excitedly exhaled her instructions. "Put your big married dick in me, fuck my teen cunt, mister!"

"Oh, yeah?" He stood up, licking her cunt's juices from his lips, taking off his shirt then his trunks, pushing them down his fit, sturdy body. Proudly he arched his back, showing off the seven inches of rock-hard, married cock sticking out from below of his flat, powerful abdomen. "You sure you want all of this in you, honey?"

His dick looked much, much bigger as he stood up, than sitting back in his car seat; Fallon's wet cunt creamed more, just staring at it. "Oh yeah, let's do it," cried the girl. She was prepared to get fucked on the sofa, but Trevor reached a hand down to her hand, pulling her to her feet, asking where the bedroom was. "This way," she moaned, leaning up to kiss him on the mouth with her tongue - but breaking the french kiss two seconds, later, turning her naked ass to him, walking in front of him to lead him down the stairs of Farrah's small house into the basement. She had a guest bedroom down there, where Fallon had fucked Erick a couple of times.

Once in the bedroom, the two naked lovers kissed again, then the married stud led the brunette teen onto the bed. Trevor had Fallon lie on her back, prying her legs apart, as he settled between them with his strong arms straight down, holding his torso in the air above her thin, naked body while he moved his long penis to her teen vagina. She lifted her head to watch, seeing him rub his cockhead against her wet cuntlips, and she grunted at the feeling of his dick kissing the entrance to her hole. He felt that spot too, and with a thrust forward, he shoved his meat into the teenager. Fallon arched her back, wincing; his dick was fat, her twat was tight, it was painful as he began entering her, fucking her.

They worked up a rhythm, Trevor fucking the young bitch bit by bit, working more and more of his meat into her hole until he had most of it inside her. With her pussy loosening, and growing remarkably wet, he began fucking her -- pulling back, then drilling forward to slide his cock all the way in; then back out, and in again, over and over. With long, forceful thrusts he screwed the teenager's cunt, while Fallon just laid back and stared at his naked body and his face. Another sexy adult man fucking her! She loved being a slut for a married man, they got to hard for her, and just wanted to screw her -- exactly what she wanted too!

"Yesss!" The feeling of his cock inside her tight cunt, stretching open her lips and filling her cunt into its deepest depths, was bringing her to another quick orgasm. "Yes, fuck me, fuuuuuck!" She winced and cried out, exploding with another cum.

"You're so tight, so tight," muttered the stud fucking her, staring at her pretty face and her sexy titties, "I can't believe you're just 18, you're so fucking hot, I can't believe we're doin' this!"

Fallon hooked her arms under her knees, spreading her legs wide open and her small feet dangled in the air of the guest bedroom. Staring at the naked stud fucking her, she screamed out at Trevor with passion. "Fuck me harder, baby, fuck me better than you fuck your wife!"
