 One weekend this summer while my wife was out of town, my 18-year-old daughter had several of her friends over to spend the night at our house. All of these young girls are very cute and they all have those young, tight, teenage bodies that make my old dick stay hard when they are around.

Of course there is always one girl who stands out in these groups and in this particular group of girls there is a British exchange student named Toni that just oozes sexuality. Toni has blue eyes, long blonde hair and huge, firm breasts. She is also a high school athlete, so her entire body is toned and firm. Toni had been hanging around the house a lot this summer, lying around the pool in her bathing suit so she also had a great tan which just made her that much sexier.

Toni was always flirting with me so it didn't surprise me when she stopped me as I was heading to bed and said "So, you're going to bed huh? I hear you don't wear "anything" when you sleep, is that true?"

I sort of laughed and said; "Now Toni, has my daughter has been telling my little secrets again?"

Much to my enjoyment, Toni continued her flirting, moving even closer to me she whispered, "That's not an answer, do you sleep in the nude or not?"

I decided to raise the stakes a little and I leaned even closer to her and said, "Now Toni, I guess you're just gonna have to find out for yourself won't you" I winked at her and ran upstairs to my bedroom.

The girls were camped out in my living room and the giggles and laughter didn't die down until the wee hours of the morning. I had just started to doze off when I hear my bedroom door opening. As I squinted to see in the darkness I could barely make out the shape of a young girl standing in the doorway.

"Who is it" I whispered.

I immediately recognized Toni's voice when she responded, "It's me, everyone else is asleep so I decided to find out if you really sleep in the nude." I remember thinking; "Can this be happening? This incredibly sexy girl is actually asking to come into my bedroom!" Before I could answer, I heard the lock click as Toni closed the door behind her. My cock began to harden with the anticipation of what was about to happen.

There was just enough light my bedroom to make Toni's dim shape as she slipped off her clothes and climbed into the bed beside me. Toni pulled the covers back, and ran her hands up and down my naked body and moaned, "Mmmmmm, I see that you DO sleep in the nude". Toni slid her hands down my stomach and began to tease my cock. One of her hands grabbed my balls, and she gently began to caress them. With her other hand, she used a few fingers to dance around the skin of my cock until it was extremely hard and throbbing.

Toni continued to caress my balls with her hand, as she began to stroke my cock. She started low on the base of my cock and worked her hand up to the head, then back down. She slowly, she picked up the pace, pumping her small, soft hand up and down the shaft of my cock. Soon, I found myself arching my back as Toni picked up her pace and pumped faster and faster. She fondled my balls more vigorously, sometimes squeezing gently, and pulling firmly toward the mattress. Within a few seconds my cum was shooting all over her hand. Without saying a word, Toni reached down grabbed her panties and began to clean up my explosion.

"Where did you learn to do that?" I muttered as Toni lay down next to me.

"From lots of heavy petting in the back seat of cars when I was back in jolly ole England" giggled Toni.

"Well Toni" I said, "where ever you learned it, you did a damn good job!"

Toni's voice got serious as I heard her say, "You know, I'm really not that experienced. I want you to teach me how to really make love, will you?" I nodded my head in agreement and said, "Okay Toni, it's time for lesson number 1, just lay back and let me do the rest." I pulled her firm body tightly against me and I could feel her huge breasts pressing against my chest. I brushed back the long blonde hair from face, and began to kiss her softly.

Toni's warm, full lips parted as I gently slid my tongue into her mouth and our tongues began dancing around each other in a sensual, oral ballet. I straddled Toni and began to cup her large, firm breasts in my hands. I gently squeezed and pulled her breasts toward me, simultaneously bringing my fingers together, ending up at her pink erect nipples each time.

I leaned over and began to circle one of Toni's thick, hard nipples with my tongue as I rolled the other nipple between my thumb and index finger. Toni closed her eyes rocked her head back and forth on the bed as her hips began to pulsate beneath me. I slowly slid between Toni's legs and began to grid my cock against her pussy. Toni's body stiffened as she felt my cock rubbing against her and she reached down and fondled my stiffening cock for a moment. I continued to slide further and further down, kissing and licking Toni's firm body as I went.

As my head slid down between her legs, I began to smell the wonderful musky aroma of her wet pussy. I opened my mouth so my lips could meet her moist lips of her pussy. As my lips touched her pussy, I began to lick the outsides of her lips. As soon as my tongue touched the lips of her pussy, Toni let out a long moan and I knew she was really getting off. Toni's pussy was so hot and wet; I was in heaven. I began lapping her pussy like a dog drinking water. I spread the inner lips of her pussy with my fingers and began to run my tongue up and down her inner lips, up to her clitoris, and then back down.

Toni began to move her hips back and forth as I inserted my tongue into her vagina. I stuck my tongue into her pussy as far as I could and then pulled it back out and slid it back up to her clitoris. I began to make small, firm circles around her clit, and as I licked it directly, I felt her entire body jump. I sucked her clitoris between my lips and Toni began to moan. I slid my tongue back into her vagina over and over. I then moved it back to her inner folds of her pussy and began to lick faster and faster. I moved back to her clitoris and sucked it between my lips and gently nibbled it. Toni's breaths were coming in short pants now and her hips were pulsating up and down on the bed. Toni's body stiffened as I began writing the alphabet on her clitoris with my tongue. Within seconds, I felt her body shudder, her legs began to quivered, and finally, she let out a soft moan as she came.

I slid to my knees and rubbed my cock up and down the inner lips of her wet pussy. Toni drew her legs against her body as I inched closer to her. I pressed the head of my cock against her clitoris and rubbed it back and forth for a moment and then I slid my throbbing cock into her vagina. Toni's pussy was warm and very tight. I put my arms under her knees and pulled her legs back toward her head. Toni was very limber and soon I had her legs pressed back over her head. I slowly slid my cock in and out of Toni's pussy, each stroke getting harder and harder. . Toni began to moan again and I felt an orgasm coming. I felt Toni began to thrust back against me with her hips and I increased the rhythm of my strokes to match her pulsation. Soon we were both uttering a variety of erotic babblings and then suddenly I felt Toni's body quiver again as she squealed loudly. Within seconds I let out a loud moan and I joined her in orgasm. I lowered her legs and continued to slide my cock in and out of Toni's pussy for a few more minutes before collapsing on top of her.

As I rolled over onto my side, I told Toni, "By the way cutie, that was lesson number 2"

Toni looked at me with a sexy little grin and said, "If that was lesson number 2, I can't wait for lesson number 3". As we rested, I explained to Toni that lesson number 3 was going to be how to give a really fantastic blowjob. Toni seemed very eager to learn and after a little tutoring she was ready to test her new knowledge. She bent over and swallowed my limp cock whole, slowly bringing my limp cock back to life using her warm, wet mouth.

Finally my cock began to come back to life and soon it was rock solid. Toni made loud slurping noise as she sucked my cock, and I began to laugh. Toni also giggled for a second and then she got back to work. She began to run her tongue around the head of my cock, tracing firm circles from the base of the head like a corkscrew to the tip, and then back down to the starting point. Within moments I was nearing orgasm again and I had Toni slow her assault on my cock to prolong the ecstasy. Over and over I had Toni bring me near orgasm, but not all the way to climax. When I couldn't stand it any longer I warned Toni that I was about to cum. Toni never slowed her assault on my cock and as my hot cum flowed into her mouth she began to cough and gag. I knew that Toni was sort of embarrassed that she had gagged so badly, so I pulled her next to me and held her for awhile.

After we had rested for awhile I asked her "Are you ready for lesson number 4 Toni?" She said, "Of course I am" and I told her that in order for us to begin lesson number 4 she would need to use her previous knowledge to get my cock hard again. Toni took my cock in her mouth and began to suck my cock back to life again. It didn't take me long to regain my erection this time and I told Toni it was her time to be on top. After a few moments of tutoring, Toni was soon on top, slowly guiding my resurrected cock into her wet vagina. Toni slowly she lowered herself fully onto my shaft. Then, she sat there for a few minutes. She slowly, she raised herself up to the tip of my cock, and then slowly lowered herself back down. Toni slowly continued this up and down pump fucking as I caressed her breasts and massaged her pink, erect nipples. It was mind boggling how fast this girl learned. She slowly increased the tempo to a comfortable pace, but then she stopped and sat on me, only moving her hips gently in a circle. Over and over again, she would fuck me, then stop. Each time she would increased the tempo, and then she would stop.

After doing this five or six times, I thought I was going to go crazy. Toni began to rock her hips back and forth, pressing her pubic bone into my hips, trying to get clitoral stimulation just like I had told her. She began to pump up and down on my cock at an increasing pace, this time not holding back. I met her downward thrusts with upward thrusts of my own and Toni began to thrust harder. Soon, I was nearing ejaculation and I could tell that she was near an orgasm also. I keep massaging her breasts and nipples, and soon she began to shudder. I thrust harder upwards to keep up the pace as she began to lose control. Within seconds I came again and Toni collapse on top of me, out of breath, her body soaked with sweat.

Toni and I laid beside each other on the bed for a long time, cuddling and caressing each other. I looked over at her and said, "It's about time for you to get back before someone wakes up and finds you missing".

Toni shook her head and as she slid out of bed she turned and asked, "Is there a lesson number 5?"

I smiled and told her, "You can find that out the next time you spend the night over here".