 "Are you hard again, Daddy?" inquired the insatiably horny, 18 year old brunette, her eyes looking up her father's naked body while her tongue continued to lap at his massive, oversized penis, tasting her cunt juices and his sperm all over it, "do you want to fuck your babygirl's cunt again, Daddy?"

Kneeling naked on her father's bed that summer weekend morning, Fallon felt her the sperm of her father's first orgasm drooling out of her shaved cuntlips, dripping down her tanned, creamy thighs. Her face was messy with the liquids from their incestuous sex that Saturday morning -- his sweat and cum, her cunt juices and saliva. As she cleaned off her Daddy's first orgasm from his awesome erection with her dainty tongue, she felt the rejuvenated shaft throbbing heat against her face, and the bulbous cockhead was leaking precum again. She could tell her father was ready for a second round of taboo daughter-fucking.

Climbing to her knees, the skinny, petite, tanned lifeguard snickered at her horny father, the two of them smiling at each other's eyes, blushing with guilt. The pleasure of having sex with each other was undeniable, as was the incredibly impropriety of it. All week, since screwing each other the first time during a foursome orgy a week earlier, they hadn't been able to stay apart -- having oral sex and deep, probing copulation each time Fallon's mom turned her back or left the house. The guilty pleasure felt so powerful, neither Fallon nor her Daddy could repress a smile and a laugh at the thought of how much fun they were having.

Arching her slim back, Fallon showed off her perky, A-cup boobies, as she straddled her father's masculine body. The salt-and-pepper hair on his fit, burly chest glistened with sweat from the mid-morning fucking. His body stank of perspiration and nudity, an arousing aroma that had her pussy drenched for more. The long-haired brunette snickered as her father's eyes stared at her naked boobies; small, soft orbs on her thin torso, a creamy, light color contrast by strong tan lines from the deep bronze skin she'd earned that summer as a lifeguard at the neighborhood pool.

"Mmm, like my boobies, Daddy, hmm?" the daughter proudly giggled, showing them off to him, while she reached between her spread-open thighs to grab a hold of her father's erection. When his penis was aimed upright, she sank her thin hips downwards, feeling the fat, bulbous helmet of his prick penetrating her sloppy, pink cuntlips again. She winced, as did he, the fat adult dick stretching his daughter's tight, teenage pussy again. She loved fucking it; of the ten grownup, married cocks she'd fucked that summer, Daddy's was definitely the best.

The horny stud laid back on his bed, eyeing his daughter's sexy, petite boobs as she began humping his fat erection with her slim, tanned body, sliding her shaved cuntlips up and down his dick, grinding down lower each time to shove more of his meat up her hole. "I love how your tanlines make your tits so sexy," her father panted at her, licking his lips, admiring Fallon's nude chest, "no wonder all the dads at your pool want to fuck you too."

Fallon grunted in agreement, she couldn't disagree. "Yeah, I know," smiled the slut, quickly thinking of the other big dicks she'd let fuck her since the start of the summer. "But I wish I had big tits, like Gracie!" She watched her father's face; the mention of her busty blonde friend, sporting C-cups on her athletic, gymnast's body, made his eyes sparkle. "See, I know you love her tits more -- it's okay, she's got hot tits -- she makes me hot, too!" Fallon giggled at the thought, conjuring the fresh memories of her latest girl/girl sex with Gracie earlier that very same morning.

Her father didn't deny that Gracie had better tits, but he comforted his daughter, as his strong hands reached up to grope and fondle Fallon's teenage boobs. "Gracie does have hot tits -- but yours are proportionate, you have the perfect, slim body, honey -- you'll always be Daddy's favorite, for that very reason!"

"Uhhhggg!" Her eyes rolled back, her head fell and her long, black hair bounced around her slim shoulders, as she smashed her thin pelvis onto her father's body, thighs spread wide open, taking as much of his dick up her cunt as she could. She wasn't reacting to his kind words; she was feeling how deep his awesome, enormous penis was thrust inside her tight hole. "Fuuuck, Daddy, you're the best fuck -- I swear!" She had to lean forward, putting her petite hands on his sweaty, hairy chest, and she started panting and grunting, sweating profusely, as her little body started humping his enormous penis. "Mmm, Daddy -- fuuuck meee!"

As she rode the gorgeous, manly dick, Fallon thought back to the night she first saw the size of her Daddy's erection, two weeks earlier. Bathed in the light of a refrigerator late at night, glistening wet from his sex with her busty blonde friend, Fallon learned her father had the biggest cock of any of the adult men she knew. At the time, she felt jealous she couldn't have it for herself. But she sure did like what she saw that night....

CHAPTER 8: Saturday, August 17

"You know who's hot?" asked Fallon's hot girlfriend Gracie, as the two of them lounged around Gracie's backyard pool, topless, tanning together. When Fallon wanted to know whom Gracie has in mind, the long-haired blonde gymnast giggled. "Your dad, that's who!"

"Ewww, no!" laughed Fallon back at her friend, even smacking the blonde's petite, tanned shoulder.

Gracie didn't back down. "I mean, that guy Dave is fucking hot -- but, you gotta admit -- I saw your dad at the pool last week -- he's got a rockin' body, he's fit and manly, got a big bulge in his trunks, and he's sweet as can be." Fallon couldn't deny any of that, so Gracie pressed her thought. "I mean, it was hot fuckin' Dave and all -- but, it got me thinkin' -- your dad, like, does he cheat on your mom? Or do you think, would he? And -- if so -- you think he likes girls our age?"

Fallon's initial reaction remained constant. "Ewww! That's gross!"

But, laying under the sun in her string bikini, the more she thought about it, she had a change of heart. Her daddy did have a rocking, great body, and, he surely indeed was the sweetest man ever. And Fallon liked all these other married men having great sex, cheating on their wives -- so why not her own Daddy? Her mom was a bitch, Daddy undoubtedly could use some cheering-up. Maybe fucking a gorgeous teenager like Gracie would put a big smile on his face.

She hardly needed more convincing. Fallon agreed to ask her daddy if he'd take Gracie on a date. And she has just the plan.

One evening when her mom is cleaning up the kitchen, she found her daddy in front of the TV, in tight shorts and t-shirt. Gracie has put thoughts in her head; indeed, she had to admit to herself, my Daddy's hot! Great, firm body, and a package in his shorts that made him look just as hung as any other man she'd fucked. But she, too, has someone else in mind -- her Daddy's friend, Mike. She heard from her mom that Mike and his wife were going through a difficult time, that Mike's wife might have been cheating on him. Mike was a doctor and very fit -- an athletic, wiry body -- and Fallon was fantasizing about seducing him. Only, she didn't have a chance to be alone with him. But here was her chance!

Fallon asked her daddy if it was so wrong if men his age fantasized about girls her age, because (she admitted with some pretend guilt) that adult, married men were hitting on her at the pool -- and she liked it. Her father could have scolded her and said, that would be SO wrong. Instead, he said it was natural, because men appreciate gorgeous women like herself, even at her age. He just reminded her, in a friendly voice, to "be careful" because things can go wrong. Fallon ignored that, figuring it was just a dad being a dad, saying that. She pressed the issue, saying, "Well what if a really hot girl, about my age, had the hots for a married guy -- do you think it would be ok if he took her on a date? Just to see if they hit it off?" Her daddy frowned, giving her "that look," and saying, "Now, honey, you know that wouldn't be right." But she shrugged and said, "Well, what if they both wanted to? and if NO ONE else found out, ever?"

Her father looked around the room, making sure her mom wasn't anywhere close in the house, as he answered: "Well, like I said -- you just have to be careful." Notably, he didn't say "no."

The thin teen brunette giggled, sitting more closely to her father, touching his strong, muscular arm with her fingertips. "Wellll Daddy... what if I told you... a really, really pretty girl who's totally hot and fun, and she's got big boobs, wanted YOU to take her on a date -- would you do it?" And she quickly adds, "Just a date, of course?"

Her father again looks around the room, and smirks like it's a joke -- but he plays along. "Just a 'date,' huh? And who would this friend be?"

Excited by his interest, she responds, "Ummm -- she's really pretty, she's got a thin body, big tits like I said, she's a gymnast, she has awesome legs, and such a cute face."

He knows exactly. "Wait -- Gracie?" When Fallon confirms it, he can't believe it. "Gracie's totally hot -- gorgeous -- you mean she can't get a date for herself, with boys she knows?"

"Oh," Fallon laughs, "she can get a date alright! But -- she wants a date with YOU, Daddy -- I'm serious!" When he can't believe it, Fallon proved it to him. She whipped out her cellphone in front of her dad, and texted to Gracie, "What night are you free so my Dad can take you out?" Not even ten seconds later, Gracie -- interrupting whatever or whomever she was doing -- wrote back, "This Sat nite plz!" Fallon shows her Dad the busty blonde's response to her question, and Fallon quickly pointed out, "See, doesn't this prove it, she wants to go on a date with you!"

Her father, realizing it was no joke, went blank in shock -- but, as color returned to his face, a grin crossed his lips. "Ummm -- that's bat-shit crazy, Fallon -- what if your mom found out -- and wouldn't you hate me for doing it -- taking your friend out on a date, behind your mom's back?"

"Hate you? NOOOO way, Daddy!" Fallon bounced on the sofa excitedly, actually a little jealous of her friend. "You're the best dad ever, you're so sweet! And Gracie is totally hot and fun, you two would have a GREAT time. Besides," the teenager giggled quietly, "Mom's such a bitch to you lately, I figure, you deserve some attention from someone who'll really appreciate you!"

Daddy's hand reached out, rubbing her boney knee. "You're a darling, princess -- how could I ever thank you?"

"Thank me?" And she snickered with an evil grin. "Ummm -- well there is ONE way?" And when her father goes quiet to listen, she moaned, "You know, your friend Mike -- the hot doctor? So, how about you ask HIM if he wants to take ME on a date?" When her father's blank look turns to one of panic and horror, Fallon shrugs away his concerns. "He's hot, Daddy -- so are you -- c'mon, fair is fair, you take Gracie on a date, and I'll go with Mike."

"You mean," her father asked incredulously, "a double-date?"

Fallon hadn't thought about that, but she immediately assumed that on a double-date, she might be inhibited from flirting with Mike. "No, no, just -- same time, separate dates."

Her father looked around again for her mom. "If you SWEAR no one would EVER find out -- I'll make an excuse that I'm going to the ballgame with my buddies Mark and Derek."

The cockloving teen excitedly clapped her hands. "Yea! You ARE the best daddy ever!"

That Saturday evening, Fallon put on a slinky sundress appropriate for a warm summer evening, a thin cotton dress that hugged her proportionate bosom and clung to her little derriere, with her long, dark hair brushed straight down in a very mature fashion. Mike had played it cool with her father, when her dad asked him to take Fallon out on a date. But when Fallon texted Mike and begged him to say yes, Mike agreed. Daddy dropped Fallon off at a restaurant to meet Mike, then Daddy kept driving to go pick up Gracie. Mike was wearing a nicely-pressed dress shirt and slacks as he met Fallon, and Fallon thought the tall, thin man with short dark hair but graying temples looked very gentlemanly. Mike was sexy not only because he was fit, but because he was rich and smart, and looked like a great catch.

Throughout dinner at the fancy restaurant, Fallon felt amazing, with Mike's married eyes on her body and her face, while she laughed at every stupid joke he told. She was so wet for him, picturing him fucking her, with those pornographic thoughts filling her pretty little head throughout dinner. They were sitting at a booth, so by the end of dinner, they were side by side, holding hands under the table. He whispered to her something like, I can't believe you're only 18, and want to be here with me? And with a purr, she softly responded, I can't believe you're married and you want to be here with me? His warm smile reassured her, as he commented, "You might only be 18, but you're the hottest girl I know, Fallon." At that moment, he put his hand on her knee, and she on his. "Mmm," the girl softly whispered back, her eyes staring into his, "Then I'm sooo lucky -- you're sooo hot!" As she spoke, she slid her hand up his thigh, and he didn't stop her. Her hand reached his crotch, where she found a large, hard penis making a discernable tent in his slacks. This married man was hot for her petite, young body.

As she began touching her erection through his slacks, his hand on her thigh slid under her sundress. She parted her thighs, winking at him, a non-verbal way of agreeing to him searching her body. His big hand with a wedding ring slipped down her thighs, right up to her crotch, rubbing her mound, feeling her thong was sopping wet. Her body shuddered as his strong, adult fingers touched her vagina through the thin, drenched fabric.

Soon, leaving the restaurant arm in arm, she told him right where to take her.

Her older sister had agreed to spend the night at her boyfriend's place, so Farrah's small rental house was empty -- and Fallon had a key. She and the married doctor went right into the guest room in the tiny basement, not wanting to mess up Farrah's bed on the second floor (and what if, by chance, Farrah had to come home). As soon as the adult male and the petite teenage brunette closed themselves in the darkened bedroom, they were all over each other -- standing arm in arm, making out, with the adult bending down to smash his married tongue into the hot teenager's mouth. His big hands pawed at her teen titties through her dress, but she quickly removed the dress, and he quickly removed her bra and panties. Meanwhile she unbuttoned his shirt, opened his pants, and pushed his clothing off too. Nude, they both crawled into the bed to fuck.

Fallon skipped foreplay, so hard for her daddy's sexy friend. Pulling her legs back, she stared at Mike's decent, 7-inch cock, throbbing for her tight, shaved cunt. "Yeah, baby," she moaned at the stud, spreading her legs to show off her sexy body and naked vagina to her newest lover, "come fuck me, make me your sex toy tonight!"

He laughed. "Man, I don't normally cheat on my wife," he gasped, gazing at her perky, creamy teenage breasts -- so smooth and tanned, with small brown nipples, then at her flat tummy and her bald, pink cunt. "But you're so foxy, Fallon -- you're gorgeous, so fuckin' sexy -- I really shouldn't, you're so young, but I can't fuckin' help myself."

Grinning proudly, she arched her back and pulled her knees wide, showing off the wet slit where she ached for his married cock to enter her. "Don't stop!" She reached to that prick, finding it throbbing as she pawed at it, dragging him closer to her body. "Just do it -- stick that hot cock in me, baby, fuck me!" And he did, and she couldn't repress a loud, explosive scream. "UHHH, yeahhh!"

He fucked her on top for a while, staring down at her petite, teen, tanned body while shoving most of his long erection into her tight cunt. Then he put her on her fours, staring at her hot ass while fucking her; she looked back at his handsome, fit body, so proud that her father's friend was fucking her. He was much hotter than Mark, and she was more wet to fuck him. "Yeah, Mike, baby, fuuuuck me -- I'm sooo wet!" She began screaming to an orgasm.

Soon, Mike was squirting his first orgasm into her pussy, filling her young body with his semen. They began making out after it, and she was stroking his cock until he was hard again. Then she rolled him onto his back and climbed aboard, arching her back to show off her hot teenage breasts. "You got the hottest li'l bitty titties," he complemented as he reached up to play with them, while she straddled his dick and sank down on it. Moaning because he was so long and thick, she began humping the stud while he played with her breasts. Rubbing her clitty she brought herself to multiple orgasms fucking her daddy's married doctor friend, until he too shot his second wad of spermies into her tight, teen body.

Fallon was so proud of herself, getting him to cheat on his wife with her!

After lounging around naked in bed, kissing and cuddling, Fallon went up to the kitchen to get some water for the two of them. He'd have to get home to his wife at some point, but they had a while to keep playing.

As she turned around naked from the fridge, holding two bottles of water, Fallon had the fright of her life -- her father was standing there, completely naked, with a massive boner!

Daddy's cock was AMAZING -- it had to be eight or eight and a half inches, and thicker at the base than her fist, with a bulbous, mushroom head at the top. And it was not only fully erect, but it was glistening in the dim light -- dripping with juices. Daddy was nude and had been fucking!

"Holy shit," her sexy daddy gasped, finding his teenage daughter naked too, her soft tits and drooling-wet cunt bathed in light from the fridge right in front of him.

"Ummm -- hi, Daddy?" She tried to make it sound innocent, as not-innocent as the situation was.

They both giggled for a moment, realizing each of them came to use Farrah's house to get laid! Only, while Fallon had gown down to the basement bedroom, her Daddy apparently had taken Gracie to the upstairs bedroom for sex.

Her father put his hands over his dick, trying to hide it, but that wasn't really possible. Instead he just profusely apologized, until Fallon cut him off -- saying, it was no problem, it was kind of funny! She wasn't laughing, however; she was instinctively checking out her dad's body. He had a flat, hairy chest, very masculine and fit, plus with his long, powerful legs and that monster of a cock -- he was as hot, or hotter, than any of the men she'd fucked yet. Damn, Gracie was lucky, getting to have sex with him!

"So, don't tell your mom," he winked, his face still red with guilt.

"Oh, promise, I won't," she said, trying not to stare at her father's awesome dick. "Ummm -- like -- he's go to be home in like an hour, sooo, we'll be here until then --?"

Her father nodded, making sure their paths wouldn't cross again that night, until they were both home. "Sure, um, I'll see you later, right?"

Fallon couldn't believe it! It was so funny, but so sexy. Even as she crawled under Mike's body again in the bed, asking Mike to fuck her once more, her mind was on the sight of her father's big penis. Gracie was indeed so lucky!

And that's what Gracie told her late that night, past midnight, when the two slutty teenagers talked quietly on the phone. "Your dad rocks," the blonde gymnast with big tits giggled to her brunette friend, "he was like sooo awesome! And he told me he saw you, that's sooo funny! Did you see how big his dick is?"
