 Note: the events of this short story take place a few months after Teen Stud Part 1. All characters are at least 18 years old.

*****

Matthew came out of the bathroom, water dripping from his fair, wavy hair, with a towel around his waist. Ava was lying on his bed, completely naked. His eyes drunk in her dark hair fanned across a pillow, her hard nipples on large, round breasts, her toned stomach and her legs crossed over what he knew to be a smooth, tight pussy. "What are you doing", he asked, his eyes staring deep into hers. 

"Waiting for you", she replied, and uncrossed her legs.

Matthew walked over to the edge of the bed. Matthew was 6 foot 2 inches tall and had wavy, fair hair with deep blue eyes. His muscular body and sizeable cock kept Ava coming back to him every time she was horny. Ava sat on the edge of the bed and put her hands on Matthew's hips; she knew the drill, he'd had her before. When he nodded at her she pulled the towel and let it drop to the floor. 

Matthew's huge cock, already rock hard with anticipation, sprang up and hit her in the face. Matthew's cock was 8 inches in length and so thick Ava's hand could barely fit around it. A huge, bulbous head pointed right at Ava's face. She used one hand to hold the shaft and the other to cup his balls. Matthew put his hands on the sides of Ava's head and tilted it back. She then took his cock head into her mouth, which had to be opened wide just to accommodate it.

Matthew let out a deep, husky groan as Ava began to suck and lick away on his cock head. She swirled her tounge around before moving her head down further on his thick shaft. She went as far as she could before his cock head hit the back of her mouth. She pulled her head back an began to bob up and down on his cock. At the same time she began to move her hand up and down his shaft, eliciting moans of pleasure from Matthew. He allowed this to continue for a few minutes before stopping her. He easily picked her up and lay her on her back to the bed with her head dangling off the edge.

Matthew lined his cock up and pushed it into her mouth. She gagged when it hit the back off her mouth. He then began to pull his cock out before thrusting it back in. He continued to do this, slowly at first, but then gaining speed, thrusting in and out of her mouth until he felt that familiar tightness in his balls. He pulled out before he could come.

Matthew then told Ava to turn around so that her pussy was facing him. He wasted no time in claiming it with his mouth and fingers. He slid two fingers into her wet tightness while he swirled his tongue around her clit. She cried out when he began to pump his fingers in and out of her, finding that sensitive place every time, all the while sucking greedily away on her clit. Her cries turned into screams when his pumping sped up and a powerful orgasm rocked her tight body

Matthew gave her a minute to rest before climbing on top of her. With his weight resting on his arms on either side of her head, and her legs spread wide for him, he eased into Ava's dripping wet cunt, inch by inch. She gasped with every inch that entered her. When he was fully inside her, his balls resting against her round ass, he rocked forward, causing her to let out a surprised gasp. His mouth moved to taste her neck, her face, her lips, while he slowly pulled out and pushed into her again. Ava wrapped her legs around his hips while his huge cock stretched her walls tight.

Matthew kissed her deeply, their tongues mingling and breathes getting heavy. He began to quicken his pace, pounding his whole length into her faster with each thrust. The sound of flesh hitting flesh and Ava's pleasured moans filled the room. Ava pressed her hands into his hard, muscular chest and gripped his tensed biceps as Matthew showed no signs of slowing down. Ava screamed out as her second orgasm of the night ripped through her body, causing her to flop down in an exhausted heap.

Matthew stayed inside her while giving her a few seconds to recover. Without pulling out he flipped Ava over onto her hands and knees - his favorite position. He began again to push in and out of her. He loved the view of his thickness sliding into Ava's tight pussy, and the sound of his abs smacking against her ass while he was thrusting was music to his ears. Matthew alternated between keeping his hands on her hips or on her breasts as he fucked her. At one point he roped his hand in her hair and pulled her head back, causing her back to arch.

Matthew started to speed up his thrusting and the quickness of his breath signaled that he was nearly there. He began to pound in and out at crazy speeds now. With seconds to go he pushed his hips forward, burying his throbbing cock as deep as possible into Ava's cunt. He pushed Ava flat onto the bed and lay his entire weight on her. With a deep groan he unloaded his hot cum inside Ava, who cried out as her third orgasm shook her entire world.

Matthew stayed inside her for a minute before pulling out. They cuddled together, her face pressed into his chest and his head resting on her head. After a minute Ava gave Matthew a quick kiss before leaving to go home and Matthew went downstairs to get something to eat. When the room was empty a figure exited the wardrobe where he had watched the whole scene and crept quietly into another room down the corridor. Matthew, who was just coming up the stairs with a bowl in his hand, watched his younger brother Tom come out of his room and go into his own bedroom.

Teen stud part 3 coming soon.