 "Uhhh gawwwd, Daddeee!" sang the 18 year old brunette, her eyes closed, her head dropped to her father's bed sheets as she stuck her small ass in the air more, spreading her knees wider, feeling that awesome erection probing her shaved cunt from the rear, "fuuuck meee, pleeease Daddeee, fuuuck meee!"

Fallon was slobbering into her Daddy's bed sheets, her mouth still flavored by the taste of his amazing, huge penis she had been sucking only a few minutes earlier, but now that was plunging with full fury into her tight, teenage cunt. The long-haired brunette was grunting hard, feeling her cunt being stretched open, while her father's powerful, middle-aged body was slamming into her petite, skinny, tanned frame harder and harder. The massive size of his dick -- eight and a half inches long, and fatter than her fist -- was already making her wail in delicious pain, feeling her cuntlips stretching open to accommodate it, and the pressure was mounting deeper and deeper in her pussy, as he shoved more and more of his dick into his daughter.

"Daddy, yesss -- fuuuck meee!" She was so fucking glad her mother decided to go shopping this summer weekend morning, leaving her alone at home with her perverted father so the two of them could resume their recent, incestuous affair. Ever since an insanely sexy game of strip poker turned into an orgasmic foursome a week earlier, she couldn't stop fucking her father -- in the morning, when he got home from work, late at night. Anytime they could get alone without her bitchy mom figuring it out, even when she was doing laundry in the basement. Fallon had quickly grown an insatiable appetite for her daddy's penis. Shrieking as the gorgeous dick drove into her pussy deeper and faster, the daughter screamed out her passion for him. "Daddy -- I love you -- I love your huge cock, fuuuck meee!"

She heard him snicker, while his powerful hands gripped her naked, soft buttcheeks more tightly, holding her hips in place while he pounded his pelvis against her ass and thighs rapidly. She could hear the squishy noises of her vagina being penetrated by her father's huge shaft, and the smacking of his sweaty skin against her young body. "I'm sure," her father teased, "you say that to ALL the married cocks you've let fuck you this summer!"

Indeed, there had been a lot -- ten, in just a few months since school ended. She loved fucking every one of them, even the ugly, fat guys like her father's friend, Mark. He was a great lay, even if he wasn't much to look at, as she discovered earlier in the month....

CHAPTER 7: Saturday, Aug 3

For the first two months of the summer, Fallon had gotten good at finding the married men at the pool with no morals, who were more than willing to stick their married dicks into her teen cunt. But there were only so many men at the pool like that. She continued to lust for hot men to fuck her that summer, but she realized, she might have to find a different source of those men.

She hadn't thought about her daddy's friend's.

Her father was pretty athletic, and liked to hang out with his buddies on weekends. Fallon had met some of them -- Mark, Mike, Derek, others -- and, to her, they had always just been "daddy's friends." They were all married, most had kids. Some were nice to look at, others not so much. She'd never thought of them as potential boyfriends or, at least, fuck buddies; but in the midst of this particular summer, things were changing for her.

It happened by accident, really. She was at home on a Saturday morning, she'd woken up late (past 10 am) after going to a party with teen friends the night before. She had to be at the pool at 1 pm for the mid-afternoon shift, so she was killing a couple of hours lounging around the house doing nothing. She was still dressed in her clothing she'd slept in -- one of her daddy's long sports jerseys, which hung loosely on her and was more comfortable than her nighties. It fell halfway down her thighs, and underneath it she wore only an old pair of pink cotton panties. Her long, dark hair was mostly still tangled, she hadn't showered and didn't have any makeup on at all.

On her back on the sofa watching TV, she heard the doorbell ring. Fallon at first ignored it, but it rang again. "Fuck," she muttered, forcing herself to get up and answer it.

It was one of her father's friend's, Mark. He was a pretty nice guy, with a soft round face, big blue eyes, and a receding hairline of dirty-blonde, close-cut hair. Mark had kids and a wife, and had only said maybe ten words to Fallon his entire life. He wasn't the kind of guy she'd seek out, either, not even when she would be on the hunt for married men. He was definitely overweight, with too much of a belly, and a flabby chest and thick thighs. He wasn't huge, like some disgustingly fat pig; but he'd let himself go, and his looks didn't impress her at all.

She stood there in the doorway, listening to him explain how her dad said it was okay to get something from his basement home office, or something. "Whatever," she said, opening the door, and letting him in. He muttered something about not wanting to stay long, and when he found out she was home alone, Mark got real worried. "Shit, I don't want your parents to think I came over when you're alone, damn, let me be real quick, I'll be right out of here, you'll never know I was here, sorry, I had no idea you were here alone!"

Fallon stood in the doorway of her father's basement office, watching Mark look through piles of materials on her daddy's desktop, until he found whatever he was looking for. But when he looked up, Fallon noticed his eyes didn't go all the way to her face -- he clearly just peered at her sexy, thin, tanned thighs, showing below the bottom edge of her daddy's loose jersey she was wearing.

Suddenly, the horny slut had a wish for something married and hard. She didn't much care how Mark looked, or if he was good or not. She had some time to kill, and maybe another conquest would be fun!

The opportunity arose when Mark said he was ready to leave, but she said not to be in a rush -- "No one cares you're here, I mean, no one even knows" -- and she asked if he wanted anything, like from the kitchen? He didn't, but she pushed it. "Hey, I'm alone all morning, it sucks, I'm so freakin' bored -- can't you stay, like, just a bit, please?" And she gave the married man a fake, pouty face, something no male could resist.

"Alright," he relented, "a bit." He looked around nervously, and at her apprehensive, the worry showing on his face.

Fallon led him back to the living room on the first floor, having Mark take a seat on the sofa as she excused herself. "I wasn't ready for company," she explained, hurrying to scamper up to the second floor and her bedroom. Working quickly, she brushed out her hair, put on some lipstick and eyeliner, and stripped nude. She dabbed some perfume on her body, and standing looking in the mirror, she wondered about what to put on. Eventually, she decided she'd better just tease him first, so she put on something her mom didn't even know she owned -- a string bikini and thong, which barely covered her smallish tits and didn't cover any of her ass, really, whatsoever. Then she put on a white robe around it, and bounced down to see Mark again, feeling frisky.

The rotund married man was surprised to see her wearing just a robe, as she came into the room. He definitely didn't relax, when he saw her. Fallon snickered at how she had a married man feeling so nervous, while she was so playful. "So maybe you can tell me something?" She stood in front of him, clutching the robe around her body, completely covering herself up from neck to knees. "I, like, got something my friends told me I look good in, but I don't know -- maybe it's not right for me, I mean, I dunno -- maybe you can tell me what you think?"

She heard him gulp, and he gingerly sat upright, still unsure of being there with her. "Ummm -- I guess -- I'm not much of an expert on teen fashion."

"Oh, well, you're an expert enough," she explained with a giggle, "I mean, you're a man, and all!"

As she said that, she opened the robe and let it fall to her feet, showing off her nearly naked body to her dad's fat friend, clad only in the skimpiest of yellow string bikinis.

His jaw fell open, as he eyes were fixated on the sight of her teen figure. Her bony shoulders, thin waist and slim thighs, all bronzed tan from the summer, were completely uncovered. Her 32A boobies were also almost naked, except the string top of the bikini had two small triangles covering her nipples and parts of her fleshy breasts, but nothing else. The thong's front panel snuggly fit on her crotch, outlining her shaved lips inside, but the string arched high over her hips and showed off every bit of her legs. With Mark staring in amazement, she spun around, showing the backside too. Her entire back and butt looked completely nude, except for the yellow string of her bikini top across her back (and another one around her neck, under her dark hair), plus a "T" shape of the yellow string framing her ass. The vertical string dug into her asscrack, making her half-creamy, half-tanned butt look nude to the man.

Mark was barely breathing, his eyes bulging out, and his face turning shades of red. "Wow -- I -- wow -- Fallon, I mean -- I, um -- I probably shouldn't, you know, be here, seeing you in that -- that's, um -- you're, um, like, not, I mean -- you, I, I shouldn't, like, I should go --"

"Why?" She turned to face him again, hands behind her butt, staring at him. She was arching her back, pushing her boobies forward. "Don't I look good in it? Am I too flabby for it?"

She knew better, and she got the response she wanted. He protested furiously, saying this was gorgeous -- it was perfect on her. "Only, I'm married, I shouldn't see you in that."

"Why? It's just a swimsuit, silly," accosted the teenager of the nervous visitor, smiling at his visible apprehension. "My friends said I'd look good in it -- they said, men would stare at me in it -- do you think that's true?"

Mark was biting his lip, looking around. "Does, um, does your mom or dad know you're wearing that?"

"Oh, no," she answered quickly, smiling proudly. "But, all my friends have one -- I mean, why shouldn't I? I'm 18, and after all, it's just a swimsuit," she repeated. Fallon turned again, pushing her small teen ass towards the man; and she turned to look at him over her shoulder, smiling when she saw his eyes glued at the sight of her essentially naked buttocks. "If you think it looks bad on me, I can put something else on -- or should I just stay in this?"

He was so fucking nervous. "I, um -- no, it looks -- it looks really hot on you -- you're gorgeous, sexy -- but, um, I mean, a married guy like me -- I can't, shouldn't, it's, you know -- your dad would kill me --"

Fallon turned to face him again, and she pouted once more. "Oh, my dad! Boo him, well, he's not here, is he?" She stepped closer to him, standing right in front of his seat on the sofa, letting him admire her young body from up close, hardly covered in the string outfit. "He's not here, no one's here, just you, and I thought, you'd wanna see me in this?" She spun around again a third time, giving Mark another view of her ass, this time from up close.

He gulped again. "Is that for your boyfriend?" She laughed, asking why he thought she had a boyfriend? And he replied, "Because, I mean -- look at you -- you're perfect, you have the hottest body, and your gorgeous -- I'm sure you have a boyfriend?"

The teen slut turned to face her father's rotund friend, and she leaned down and put a hand on his shoulder. "Well, actually, I have LOTS of boyfriends," she proudly smirked, "and, maybe I want another one?" Without warning, she stepped forward and sat on his lap -- straddling him, her creamy thighs parted, sliding until her crotch was against his crotch. Mark sat back in shock, as if to push her off, but his hands only managed to wrap around her thin hips, almost holding her in place as she ground her crotch against him. "Mmm, Mark -- what do you think, you wanna be one of my boyfriends?"

His face revealed that he couldn't believe the hot teen daughter of his buddy was hitting on him. "Shit -- really, Fallon, stop teasing --"

"Oh," the girl gasped with exasperation, "I'm not teasing, honest! See?" To prove her point, she reached to her bikini top and untied it -- removing it, showing off her naked tits to Mark.

Now he was in fear. "Fuuuck -- okay, you're smoking hot, honey -- but your dad is going to fuckin' KILL me!"

"Oh, no he won't," smiled Fallon as she leaned upwards, arching her back, while her hands grabbed his head and pulled it towards her bosom. "He won't know," she added, pushing her tit into Mark's mouth.

The married man began licking her nipple, tasting it tepidly, then his lips swallowed more as he began suckling on her boob. She smiled and yelped, happy to have his cooperation, while her pussy ground against the man's married dick through their clothing. He was very hard, maybe not very hung, but that was acceptable to her. She just wanted to be fucked.

After letting him salivate on her teen titties a few minutes, Fallon stood up and took his hand. Wordlessly, just smiling at each other, she led him up the stairs to her bedroom. Shutting the door, the almost-naked teen led the fat guy to her bed, so horny that she had seduced yet another married man -- and her father's friend, of all! Turning and sitting on her bed, with Mark standing in front of her, she helped him unfasten his belt and shorts, and he dropped his shorts and underwear while removing his shirt.

Mark's cock was about the smallest of any adult she'd fucked, probably smaller; she guessed five and a half inches, possibly six inches. It wasn't particularly fat, but it was definitely hard, it pulsated as it jutted out of his fat belly, and she could smell its nasty, musky aroma that turned her on. Dropping to her knees in front of her bed, she had Mark sit on the edge and spread his thighs. "Mmm," she moaned of his cock, "I love your tool!" She was playing with him, trying to get him as hard as possible. Then she sank her mouth on his dick, and began sucking hard. He was throbbing heat in her mouth, his cockhead seeping precum too, as the teenager sucked her father's friend's boner for a few minutes, making him rock-hard.

They looked at each other, and just knew it was time to fuck. He crawled backwards on her bed, laying flat, while she stood up and removed her string bikini thong. Naked she let him admire her shaved, wet cunt, as she crawled onto her bed. The fat married male grabbed her small hands, guiding her to straddle him as he lay back. "I wanna see your hot body," he announced, mentally preparing to cheat on his wife by fucking the teen beauty. Fallon blushed, affectionate at his adoration of her, and she did as he asked -- straddling his dick, spreading her legs open, sitting down while he held his penis upright so she could sink her cunt onto it.

Not the fattest or longest cock at all, but she felt it pry open her tight cuntlips, and she moaned in satisfaction. She was glad she was fucking him; knowing he admired her so much made her want to please him all that much more!

She rode Mark a while, letting him stare at her smallish boobs and her petite body; then he wanted to see her ass, so she spun around for "reverse cowgirl" style, fucking him while she straddled him but with her back to his face. That way, Mark could stare at her hot little ass while she fucked him. Mark loved her butt so much, he put her on her elbows and knees, and fucked her doggy-style on her bed so that his eyes could be glued to her small teen ass while he married dick filled her tight, squishy twat.

His dick wasn't big, but it could fuck. Thirty minutes into the fucking, he still hadn't cum, and by now had put Fallon on her back and was driving his erection in and out of her teen vagina. He could get it all the way in, his balls up against her body, and she felt his size and it pleasured her. She was cumming hard, screaming, feeling him fucking her without stopping.

Finally, Mark had his first orgasm. He pulled out, crawling over her face, holding his penis in one hand while his other hand grabbed her head and long, dark hair. Lifting her face, he pointed his erection at her young teen face and spewed, spraying his jism all over her forehead, eyes, cheeks and lips, until her face was caked in the sperm. Mark offered his messy cock to her mouth, and she sucked him clean, tasting that his cock was still hard.

Even though he just shot his cum, Mark remained fully erect. He put Fallon back on her knees and elbows, and again began fucking her doggy-style. She fondled her clitoris while he fucked her that way, making herself cum a couple times. Then he pulled out and immediately sank his smaller dick into her butthole -- and then, she realized the value of a cock that size. It fit perfectly in her tight ass, all the way, and he sank his meat until his balls were up against her ass firmly. Impaled in her ass, the married pervert started to fuck the girl's petite body by shoving her around the bed, even smacking her asscheeks a few times, while keeping his dick planted deep in her butthole. When he eventually pulled out, he had Fallon immediately lick clean his dick, tasting her ass's nasty, sweet flavor on it.

After the ass-fucking, Mark had Fallon climb back on top of him so he could admire her naked, teen body. A while later, she was on her back with him on top, as he pounded her teen cunt mercilessly, thrusting in and out while she was breathless, having orgasms. The nonstop sex of the male adoring her body had her feeling so sexy and so loved.

For his second orgasm, Mark squirted cum in her pussy. But like his first cum, he remained hard after that. He kept fucking her -- him on top, her legs spread wide open -- and she was shrieking in dismay. He was like a machine or robot, his dick just wasn't stopping from fucking her, not even taking a break. It was amazing, she'd never had a guy just ramfuck her without even stopping for five minutes -- not for over an hour, as he was doing.

Despite the looseness of his body and smallish size of his cock, Mark had Fallon cumming in waves, over and over, her pussy so sensitive that every motion shot her closer to another orgasm. They started making out, and he was stuffing tongue deep in her mouth, just as much as his cock was shoved all the way inside her vagina.

Finally, after at least 90 minutes of nonstop sex, Mark had his final orgasm, this one again in her pussy.

Daddy's friends -- or at least this one, it seemed -- were pretty good at fucking too!