 It had been a while since I had seen her. Three years to be exact. Her brother and I played on the high school football team. He was the quarterback and I was the wide receiver. We were a good team and went to the state championship. After the games she was always giving me the eye. When I left she was just fifteen. I always wanted to fuck her, but my friends thought she was too young. They called her jailbait and so no pussy was worth going to the slammer for. 

Late at night I would lie in bed thinking of her tight little pussy and her even tighter ass as I stroked my cock. In my fantasy she was always a good fuck. My good little whore.

I left for college and had forgotten about her till I ran into her brother. He told me that his little sister had a mad crush on me but knew I would never give her the time of day.

There was no way I was going to tell him that I masturbated thinking of his little sister. 

I acted cool about the whole thing when asking for her number. Telling him, “Maybe I’ll give her a call just to say Hi”. 

I did not wait to return to my room, I called her from my cell phone.

She seemed exited to hear from me and we hit it off pretty well. So well, in fact, that she decided to come visit me.

Someone can change a lot in three years and that night as I was in bed stroking my cock I wonder how much she had changed. Thinking of her again gave me a powerful orgasm, my jism shot up to the middle of my chest.

The next day she was right on time, when I heard a knock at the door I peered through the peephole and saw her standing they’re looking nervous. I opened the door and gasped. She was stunning. Her shoulder length black hair fell perfectly around a slightly snobby looking, but cute face. She was wearing a black skirt and a red top. And I could see she had grown in the breast department as well. I invited her in and we made small talk before deciding to go out for dinner.

Dinner was uneventful; she showed no signs in being interested in me. Discouraged, I took her back to my place and we started to watch TV. I offered to make her a drink and she accepted. Knowing it couldn't hurt to get her a little tipsy, I made her a rum & coke. After three more drinks the conversation changed from small talk to sex. I asked her if she ever thought about me.

"Yes," she said with a little giggle.

We started talking about old times. We could not recall the name of the old English teacher. She asked if I happen to have my high school yearbook. With luck I did, it was in my bedroom. In a few minutes we were in my room sitting on my bed. She was trying to find the teacher in the yearbook as I was looking at the way the thin fabric of her skirt rested on her silky smooth thigh. 

I leaned forward and kissed her gently on the neck. She turned her head to the side and moaned as her eyes closed. I gently took the book from her and placed it on the nightstand. My lips worked their way from her neck up to her lips and she returned the kiss, pushing her tongue into my mouth.

"I've been waiting for this for a long time," she said. If she only knew that I too had been waiting the same from her. I wondered if she ever played with her pussy and thought of me?

I ran my hands through her hair as our tongues continued to dance in each other's mouths. She kissed my lips then broke away to kiss my ear. That's when she whispered something to me that almost made me cum in my pants.

"I want you to use me in every way you ever dreamed of. I want to be your little whore."

With no further encouragement I helped her off with her top and bra and took her tits my hands. I rubbed her nipples between my finger and thumb as we continued kissing. I was surprised a little when her hand dropped to my crotch and she started rubbing the straining bulge in my pants. She then helped me pull my shirt over my head and dropped her face to my stomach kissing her way up my torso. When our lips met again it was with even more passion and her moans became louder and more frequent. My hand lightly brushed her leg and she squirmed pushing her hips forward. I reached under her skirt and touched her silky panties, feeling the outline of her smooth little pussy lips. I could feel the fabric was getting quite moist. She started to remove her skirt, but I stopped her.

"Leave it on."

She nodded and continued caressing my cock through my pants. I reached under her and pulled her damp panties down her legs. She lay back on the bed and I lay beside her, with my hand stroking her sweet little shaved pussy.

"I shaved for you," she said.

"I love it shaved, thank you."

I pressed my finger into her slit and felt her wetness. My finger worked its way into her tight little cunt moving in and out getting nice and wet.

"So you want to be my little whore?"

"Oh yes," she replied between moans.

"Will you do anything I ask?"

"Anything! I just want you so bad."

"Do you want to suck my cock?"

"God yes!!"

She needed no further prompting and immediately began undoing my belt. I helped a little, as I could not wait to have her sweet little mouth wrapped around my dick. She pulled off my pants and underwear together and gripped my rock hard cock in her small hand. I put my hand behind her head and slowly guided her face down to my waiting member.

"Suck it Baby!"

I almost fainted when her little red lips parted and swallowed my throbbing cock. She brought her head up slowly letting her mouth drag up my shaft leaving a trail of saliva behind her. As she continued her work I reached back and resumed stroking her slit. When my finger was nice and wet I lightly ran it over her asshole. This made her moan louder and suck harder.

"Lick my balls, my little whore."

Her tongue instantly dropped to my hairless sac and she licked it up and down as my finger continued its exploration of her backside. I pushed the tip of my finger into her tight little butt hole and she pushed her hips back onto my hand.

"You like my finger in your ass?"

"Uh huh," she managed to say between moans and licks. "I always finger my asshole and pretend it's your cock."

She was turning out to be quite adventurous. Not the shy teenager in my fantasies.

I pulled out my finger and lay on the bed.

"Climb aboard baby, I want to taste your pussy too."

She needed no further encouragement and swung a leg over my face placing her pussy inches away from my eager tongue. I stuck my tongue out and touched her clit teasing it with quick flicks. 

She lowered herself down and grasped my cock in her hand and began to suck with renewed vigor. My hands grasped her ass as I shoved my tongue deep into her sweet pussy. As we continued our sixty-nine I found myself staring up at her crinkled little anus. 


Remembering her admiration of my finger play back there I pushed her body forward and spread her cheeks. Her mouth was pushed from my dick and she returned her tongue to my balls. I planted soft kisses up her pussy lips and around her little hole. I circled her ass with my tongue getting closer and closer.

"Yes," she moaned. "Do it."

"What would my little sweet whore like?" I asked, even though I knew the answer.

"She wants you to lick her asshole!"

"Oh you're a naughty little slut aren't you?"

"Please do it! I want it so... Ohhhhhhhh!"

Her pleading was cut short as my tongue tip touched her tight virgin butt hole. My tongue was soon replaced with my lips as I planted a deep kiss on her ass, pushing my tongue up inside her.

She gasp and said, "Oh fuck, that feels so fucking good!"

Her tongue lapped at my balls and even touched my asshole a few times. This drove me crazy and I shoved my tongue harder into her ass penetrating her tight muscular ring. I wanted nothing more than to have my tongue completely up her hot asshole! As I kept feeding her butt I reached down and pushed on her head forcing it further down my body. She got the hint when I lifted my hips, and she pressed the top of her head into the bed in effort to reach my ass. Her nimble little tongue traced its way down my taint and ran over my asshole. I moaned and sucked her ass as hard as I could as I felt the tip of her tongue wiggle its way into my butt. The feeling was amazing! After a few more minutes of ass licking sixty-nining I asked her to get off. She did and I sat up kissing her deeply.

I pushed her back onto the bed and lay on top of her in the missionary position.

"Yes! Fuck me!" she said like a good little whore. “Please fuck me, I need your big long hard cock inside my hot pussy”

I placed the head of my spit covered cock at the entrance to her hairless cunt and pushed gently.

"Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" she moaned under her breath as I penetrated her moist hole with my throbbing dick.

I pushed all the way in until I could feel my balls pressing against her lips. She was so warm and tight it almost made me cum instantly. But I held on and began a slow rhythm of grinding my hips downwards into her young body. All the while she moaned and fingered her clit. Then I asked her.

"Have you done this before?"

"Yes. Yes I did it with my boyfriend a few times."

So there it was. She wasn't even a virgin. I had missed my chance to deflower her, but I wouldn't miss anymore chances.

"You have a boyfriend?" I asked as I pulled out almost all the way and then plunged back into her wet pussy. 

"Oh fuck!" she moaned. "Yes, we've been going out for a month now." 

"Does he know that you came here to be my little whore?" 

She bit her lip in pleasure and increased the strumming on her clit.

"No, and I don't care. I'm your whore. I'm your ass licking slut!"

I couldn't believe the vulgarity of this young girl, but I loved every minute of it. 

In response I started pounding my cock into her cunt a little bit harder. 

"Did you like licking my ass?"

She was moaning as she replied "Oh yes! I could lick your ass for hours. I always fantasized about doing that to you." 

I started to change from pounding her, to a slow grind to which she was quite responsive. "What else are you interested in?" I asked. "Tell me your dirtiest kinkiest fantasy." 

As I drove my massive cock into her wet pussy she told me "I want to be fucked by lots of guys. Passed around like a cheap slut, forced to suck cocks and lick assholes. I want to be fucked in every hole on my body and made to swallow load after load of cum." 

Her fantasy started to turn me on a little too much and I didn't want our fun to end so soon, so I slowed down a little and then pulled out. Since she was my whore I ordered her to bend over! Soon she was on her hands and knees with her cute little ass up in the air before me. “What a nice asshole you have, I think my cock would fit perfect in your booty hole. Beg for my cock”. 

She little out a little whisper "Fuck my ass!" I slapped her ass and told her louder. She turned and looked at me over her shoulder and said, “FUCK MY TIGHT ASS, GIVE ME YOUR BIG COCK, I WANT TO FEEL YOUR JISM SHOOTING IN MY ASS.

Hearing her say this was making the blood rush thru my cock. I wanted to fuck her ass till she begged me to stop. I slipped my cock into her wet pussy to get it nice and slippery then I lubed up her asshole with her own juices. I could feel the anticipation as I placed the head of my swollen cock at the tiny puckered entrance. With one push the head penetrated the tight ring and popped in. She let out a low moan and I knew it was hurting her. Slowly I pushed my hips forward driving my dick deeper into her hole, until my balls were resting on her swollen pussy lips. I reached around and started to play with her clit as I let my cock hold its position deep inside her. I started to pull back and I glanced down to see her tight little asshole squeezing my dick like a vice. As I increased the rubbing on her clit she started to shudder.

"Fuck, yes!" she screamed. "I'm coming!!"

Her whole body tensed up and I felt her ass tighten even more. I began thrusting a little harder, my cock sliding freely in and out of her tight butt hole. When I felt myself starting to cum I pulled out quickly startling her.

"Turn around!" I commanded abruptly.

She swiveled around and I grasped the back of her hair with one hand and grabbed my cock in the other.

"Open your mouth!"

Her cute little lips parted and I thrust my dick into her open mouth just as I started to cum. With a shudder I fired load after load of hot fluid into the young girl's waiting mouth. To my pleasure her lips closed around my shaft and she sucked me dry swallowing every drop.

Exhausted I fell back on the bed and she fell by my side. We soon fell asleep and woke early in the morning. I was hoping to pound that sweet pussy of hers but she said she had to be back to watch her boyfriend's basketball game. Not wanting to seem greedy I did not ask for more. We said our goodbyes and after a long passionate kiss she whispered in my ear:

"Anytime you want me to be your little whore again just give me a call."

And with that she headed off down the hallway. I watched her as she left, getting one last glimpse at her ass. There would be a next time. I went back into my room and called my buddy Steve and asked if he was busy next weekend?