 This is intended for adults 21 and over only. If you are offended by graphic descriptions of a sexual nature, please, don't read this or download it.

If this is illegal wherever you are reading this stop now.

* * * * *

The next morning I awoke at about 7:00 from a great night's sleep still remembering the events of the evening before. I couldn't get Marlee out of my mind. I showered, shaved and got ready to go for breakfast before my long drive home. I was just about ready to leave for something to eat when a knock came to the door. I opened it and there stood Marlee. Next to her stood another young girl apparently a friend of Marlee's .

They came in and Marlee introduced me to her friend Kathy. Kathy was a short little brunette, about 5'tall, a little shorter than Marlee. She was eighteen years old too. She had short brown hair, blue eyes, an absolute darling face, and the cutest petite figure. I wondered what they wanted and I soon found out. 

Marlee told me how much she enjoyed yesterday evening and was telling Kathy about it last night when she got home. Marlee wanted to surprise me and spend the morning with me again in bed before I left to go home. Kathy was so curious and excited herself from what Marlee told her, that she begged Marlee to let her come along. 

This whole thing was unbelievable. Not only was Marlee, my dream teenager, looking to got laid again, but now her friend who was nearly as pretty as Marlee, apparently wanted some action too. I remembered back to last night how tight Marlee was when I fucked her. I could only imagine how tight her friend Kathy might be with her tiny petite body. 

Everything was happening pretty fast. Marlee started taking her clothes off trying to show off her experience in front of Kathy. She stripped completely and hopped up on the bed. It looked like I wasn't getting much say so in the matter, so I just started getting undressed too. Kathy waited, hesitating what to do. She had to be nervous. When I finished undressing I joined Marlee on the bed letting Kathy watch and figured she would become more at ease soon enough and eventually join us. 

I kissed Marlee caressing those lovely tits of hers. I took her hand in mine and guided her fingers down to her pussy. Together we massaged Marlee's slit, occasionally slipping my fingers then her fingers in her until she was getting pretty wet. Then I went down on her eating her delicious cunt. It tasted just as I remembered from yesterday. The next thing I knew I felt a hand touch my cock. I looked up for a moment to see Kathy totally naked admiring my growing cock and touching it, learning how it felt. Kathy's tiny little body was fantastic. She was petite in every respect. She had the cutest pert breasts, perfectly proportioned legs, and the most wonderful tight behind. Her whole body had a terrific tan except for the white spots where she obviously wore the skimpiest of bikinis. After looking at her I didn't know who I should fuck first. I reached out to Kathy gently fondling her breasts and nipples and told her, "You're a very pretty young lady, Kathy." That seemed to put her at ease a little more. 

I returned to licking Marlee's cunt for awhile longer, then switched to Kathy. I knew Kathy was nervous, so I gently spread her legs and softly licked her slit. Marlee went to my hard cock and began sucking me like a pro. She took me deep in her mouth, further than yesterday. Meanwhile Kathy was truly enjoying her first ever tonguing of her cunt. She became wet in no time as my tongue probed her small slit. She tasted so sweet, I kept licking her juices as they flowed from her.

I laid down on the bed on my back positioning Kathy kneeling over my face and I continued eating her delicious young cunt. Then I let my tongue wander up her ass. The first time I licked up into her asscrack I thought she would go crazy. Seeing what that did to her, I repeated my travels up her crack several times. Kathy shook every time my tongue crept up her rear and neared her asshole. I really admired her tiny cute bunghole as I ate on her slit and licked up her crack. Then I let my tongue stay on Kathy's asshole, licking it and probing it. Kathy went wild. The feel of her tiny anus was so tight to the touch on my tongue. I thought how I would love to squeeze my cock in that small hole. 

Marlee had positioned herself squatting over my rigid cock and was ready to impale herself on it. She put the head on her wet slit and slowly sat down driving my cock up her cunt. How great that felt. She worked herself up and down fucking her own cunt on my cock. 

After giving Kathy a thorough licking, I pushed her off my face and went back to Marlee putting her on her hands and knees. Kathy laid there watching as I came up from behind Marlee, gave her ass a few licks, then placed my cock in her asscrack on her anal hole. "Would you like to try it in here?" I asked.

"You'll go easy won't you?" Marlee replied.

"Of course, my darling sweet angel." I answered.

How amazing. Marlee willingly accepted my advances on her backdoor. Kathy watched as I penetrated Marlee's ass. The head of my cock slipped in and inched its way up her anal passage. Was she ever tight? Marlee was inexperienced with having something in her ass, so naturally she tightened up as I pushed in. But she took me in and took all of me. I had eight inches of hard cock stuffed inside Marlee's virgin asshole and she took it all without even a sound or whimper of discomfort. Then I slowly worked it back and forth fucking in and out of her ass. I fingered her cunt while I screwed her butthole, then began a little faster pace until she began enjoying the new feeling. After ten minutes of anally fucking Marlee I sensed her imminent orgasm. I buried my fingers deep in her cunt and gave her a couple fast quick slams of my cock up the ass and I sent her body into a strong body wrenching orgasm. I held her to me in my arms feeling the shaking and shuddering of her body as she kept cumming. Her climax seemed to last forever as her body quivered in my arms. When I felt her relax, I pulled my hard cock slowly from the grips of her asshole and gently laid Marlee down on the bed. 

Kathy just stared the whole time, shocked with what she saw and how much her friend Marlee obviously enjoyed being fingered and anally fucked. I looked at Kathy holding my stiff cock.

"Am!... am! ....I next?" she asked with a lump in her throat. "Is that what you want?" I asked back. "Uh!....I guess so, well uh!... uh! I don't know. I'm not sure."

Kathy hesitated and stammered not knowing what to do, but deep in her heart she wanted to experience the feeling that Marlee just had. It looked like she loved it so much. It had to be okay she thought. Marlee did it and liked it.

"Well, I'd like to try it. But won't it hurt?"

"Go ahead," Marlee told Kathy. "You'll like it, it's great, it feels nice up there."

Kathy thought some more. "Well, uh!...I guess so. Okay, I'll do it." 

I put Kathy on her back and told Marlee to get on top of her in a 69 position. Again something new for Marlee as well as Kathy. First I had Marlee begin licking Kathy's cunt. Once Kathy got warmed up I told Kathy to use her tongue on Marlee's slit, and she did. I'll bet when these girls decided to visit me this morning they never thought they would be eating on each other's pussies. I pulled Kathy's legs way up high while Marlee licked her, so I could get at both of her holes as well as Marlee's sweet mouth. 

In front of me I had perfect access to Kathy's virgin cunt and virgin asshole. I placed my cock on her cunt wiping it up and down her slit. Marlee was tonguing Kathy's cunt, and now with my cock there too, she worked on both, alternating between cunt and cock. Kathy was feeling pretty good by this time. Marlee did a good job of arousing her passions and my cock hitting her clit heightened her sensation more. 

It was time for Kathy to get fucked. I pushed into her slit and plunged right in breaking her virginity. Her hole was even tighter than Marlee's. I drove into her cunt with a nice slow easy push until I was fully buried inside. Her virgin hole hugged its first time ever cock penetration snuggly all the way in. She had the tightest grip on my cock I've ever felt. Kathy was moaning out loud. Now she knew the feelings Marlee experienced. I fucked her cunt easy at first then as she loosened up I started really giving it to this little cutie pretty good. What a tight cunt she was. 

I pulled out giving my cock to Marlee's mouth to lick off Kathy's juices. Then I shoved a couple fingers in Kathy's just fucked hole to get my fingers wet. I wiped her juices on her asshole and down I went with my cock to Kathy's backdoor. Marlee was lying there on top of Kathy watching, waiting to see her friend take my eight-inch cock up her ass. I pushed hard on Kathy's asshole and it started stretching. But Kathy was getting worried. She was highly aroused from being eaten and cunt fucked, but she knew taking my cock up her ass was not going to be easy. 

"Ohhhhh! Ohhhhh! It's so big." she yelled.

"No! No! Don't, it's too big." Again she cried out almost in tears thinking, maybe doing this was a mistake, as the pressure on her anal hole was becoming uncomfortable.

"Just relax, Kathy." I replied. I wasn't about to stop now. I had to feel how tight this cute little ass was.

I pushed harder and harder. Kathy's inexperience made it impossible for her to relax her rear end, but finally her tiny anal hole opened up letting my cockhead slip in. Kathy let out a sigh of relief knowing I was inside her. "Oh my God. It feels so big in me," she whispered loudly, half out of breath. I pushed in her some more, waited, and then a little more. She had four inches inside her ass. Then I gave one last push shoving the last four inches of cock in. Kathy just let go at that point, "Oh, God!" Her tiny rectum was full with my cock and her anal entrance had an incredibly tight grip around the base of my cock. I had to fuck her slow at first she was so damn tight. But after taking me five or six times in and out I felt her sphincter relax a bit. She was able to take me in easier and letting me fuck her anal hole a little faster. After that I started giving her asshole a good fucking. Marlee resumed licking her cunt while I kept up Kathy's assfuck. Every stroke into Kathy's ass was literally squeezing my cock up her puckered little hole. I don't know if she liked it up her ass, but she was taking it now without any complaints. I guess she figured if Marlee did it, then she would have to take it too. The friction from forcing up her anal chute made me ready to cum in minutes. And I was nearly ready now. 

Marlee looked up from her cuntlicking and I pulled out from Kathy's ass. I held my stiff shaft out to Marlee offering it to her. I wasn't sure if she would have the nerve to put it in her mouth after being in her friend's ass. It really wasn't that much of a surprise when Marlee took me in her mouth. I wasn't ready to give her my sperm yet, but she was getting a good taste of Kathy's ass. She sucked me deep inside while pumping my cock with her hand. For only her second day at giving blowjobs, I sure loved her sucking. 

Then I looked down at Kathy's cute asshole, withdrew my cock from Marlee's mouth and plunge back up Kathy's anus. I gave her a couple quick eight-inch lengths up her back hole then pulled out shooting sperm into Marlee's face. She opened her mouth catching the torrents of jism shooting from me. She was swallowing everything I pumped into her. Then I crawled up to Kathy to jerk out the last few drips into her mouth and let her lick off the remains of cum off my cock. She never had done anything like that before, but seeing Marlee's face splattered with cum, made her feel obligated to take the cock I was offering. In her mouth it went. Even after being up her asshole Kathy sucked it in her mouth and cleaned my cock off. What an incredible morning. What a way to start the day. 

The girls cleaned themselves up and got dressed. I wondered if I would ever see them again. The memories of them and their young gorgeous bodies will certainly live forever in my mind. Who knows, maybe next weekend's trip will bring something else new for me. But, It'll be hard to top this weekend.