 "You're sick."

"Really."

"You can't be serious. You must be out of your mind!"

Running his finger along the length of the smooth, tanned skin of her leg, he gave her a small, almost distracted smile and a hint of a chuckle when she jerked her leg away in apparent distaste. "Au contraire. I have never been more serious in my life. It's time for a man of my position and means to settle down, and you are the one I have chosen."

The stunned, horrified look on her face amused him. They were both on her father's beige leather sofa in his study, she having just awakened from her sleep after last night's Valentine party. She was still dressed in that gorgeous satin yellow dress, her high heels carelessly lying on the plush peach-colored carpet, close to the sofa after she kicked them off before exhaustion claimed her.

That was where he found her when he realized that she was no longer among her father's guests at the party. He casually strolled from room to room until he came upon the study. He opened the door, and the most precious sight met him, causing him to freeze in his tracks while his heart sped on. Before conscious thought possessed him again, he found himself kneeling right next to the earthbound angel, observing her as she slept. He had no idea how long he gazed upon her peaceful, resting visage. All he knew... indeed all he could feel... was the strange mixture of love, desire and yearning coursing through his veins, a mixture unlike any he had ever experienced before then.

A look of confusion crossed her lovely face, and the only thing she apparently could think of to say was, 'Why?'

Oh god, he thought, why indeed. She was certainly beautiful, but he had bedded women more beautiful than her. Intelligence... yes indeed, she had that in spades, but he had known women as intelligent as she was. So what was it about her?

Lowering his gaze, he paused for a while, before raising his head to look into her warm brown eyes, the color of smooth milk chocolate. "Why do I want to marry you, or why did I choose you?"

"Yes... to both," she replied, locking her steely gaze onto his. "Why me?"

"Because my dear, I want to love you, to breed you, and make you mine. But above all that, I want nothing better than to make sweet, passionate, heartbreaking love to you, until the only name you'll ever call out is mine, from the very first time, until the day you breathe your last." He let out a long, slow, steady, deliberate breath, his eyes closed as if in meditation. "Sooner or later, before you even realize it yourself, you'll be craving my touch, yearn to feel my breath on your skin, die a thousand little deaths when you hear my voice in your ear, and shudder with the most intense, unbearable pleasure whenever I'm in you. You will be begging me to come inside you, just so you can feel the warm, slow trickle of my desire as it seeps out of your body. You will also be begging me to take you like a whore, for as often as I want, as long as I want and believe me, sweet lyrical Lyra... I will be more than happy to."

"Oh god, you're not only sick, you're insane," she proclaimed, hugging her legs to her body, as if shielding herself from him.

"Maybe so, sweet one. Maybe so, but take heed. I have already discussed this matter with you father, and he has no choice but to honor his word. You'll be mine before the weekend is out, my very own Valentine bride."

Getting off the couch, he was almost to the door of the study when he heard her ask, the confusion obvious in her voice.

"Honor his word? Wait... what do you mean, 'honor his word'? And what do you mean he has no choice? I... I don't understand..."

Pausing at the door, he fingered the knob thoughtfully before turning to look at her. "Ask him."

