 Thank you to those who read, offered criticism and encouraged me. 

------------------------------------

They were lying close, relaxed, the cool air from the fan caressing their dampened skin. She stretched, feeling the bite marks on her back, the linen lightly scratching her spanked ass. Tucking a hand under her head, she turned to him. His head propped on his hand, he smiled down at her, the corner of his eyes crinkling. He leaned over to toy with her puckered nipple, rolling it between his fingers, pinching the nub harder with each twist. She moaned and arched her back. He eased the pressure, causing her to look up at him. 

"Baby, I have an idea," he murmured.

Her brow furrowed. "Okay. I'm listening."

"Instead of me taking you, why don't you tell me what you want?"

"What? What do you mean?" 

"Tell me what you want," he answered, his hand still playing with her breast. She squirmed slightly under his touch.

"I want you. Your pleasure, your satisfaction, your joy. That's all I ever want... you know that."

He squeezed her breast slightly. "And what I want right now is for you to tell me what you want."

She looked into his eyes, captivated by them. Her heart thundering, she felt herself being increasingly aroused by his touch. She arched her back, nudging more breast between his fingers as her hand moved lower between their bodies. He lessened his tweaking, the light touch maddening. Catching her wandering hand, he pinned it beside her head. She pouted. 

"Tell me. Tell me what you want, baby." His voice soothed any last vestiges of discomfort she may have had. She licked her dry lips, and took a deep breath.

"Fine," she muttered. "I want you to kiss me." He placed a tiny, chaste kiss on the corner of her mouth. 

"Like that?" 

She shook her head. "On my lips." He lightly pressed his mouth to her own, warm and moist. She slightly opened her lips, willing for his tongue to flirt with hers. He didn't. She groaned in frustration. 

"You're going to have to tell me what you want," he told her with a hint of amusement. She closed her eyes, feeling the colour rise to her cheeks. He is really going to make her do this, really going to make her voice what she wants. A simple thing, really, one that should not cause her any unease with the one she absolutely trusts. She took a deep breath and stared deep into his eyes. She saw nothing but patience.

"I want you to kiss me deep, your tongue playing with mine, teasing me." 

He smiled and leaned down. "That wasn't so hard, was it?" 

Before she could reply, he reclaimed her mouth. His kiss teased her, lips moving over hers. Their tongues danced and caressed each other. She moved into him, deepening the kiss, her hands weaving into his hair, her nails scratching his scalp. She moaned deep in her throat. They spent long moments fiercely exploring each other's mouths. Reluctantly, she tore her lips from his and whispered, "I want you to suck and tug my nipples."

He slowly made his way to her breast, taking possession of her nipples. He sucked on hard nub in through his teeth, his tongue swirling, flicking over the hardened point. His fingers tweaked and circled her other, stiffening it. She gripped his head, holding him to her breasts as she began to tremble in anticipation.

"I want you to bite me." With that request, he sunk his teeth into her nipple, the sharp sensation causing her to cry out and buck from the bed. She felt a rush of warmth settling between her legs. 

"I want you to kiss me... lower," she asked. Kneeling between her legs, he looked at the stretched body before him. He softly kissed her pelvis. 

"Right there?" 

"No."

"Then where?" he invited, sitting back onto his heels. She looked deep into his eyes. "Tell me."

"My cunt." His hands under her ass, he raised her slightly as he lowered his lips for an intimate kiss. She moaned as she felt his mouth move over her, breathing, tickling her wet skin. 

"Lick me," she pleaded. His tongue snaked deep into her, drawing out her juices. Her clit was hard as he twirled the nib into his mouth. Her hips gyrated, pressing deep into him. She grasped the headboard as she raised herself to better meet his warm lips. She could feel the pressure building, her blood racing, the exquisite tingles that he brought. 

"I... want," she breathed. She grunted as he attacked her throbbing sex, leaving her gasping for air. He looked up, a small smile playing on his lips.

"What do you want, my sweet? Tell me."

"Oh fuck," she moaned. "I want... fuck," she swore again as another rush took hold of her. She swallowed. "I – I want you to finger fuck my ass."

He slowly slid his finger into her canal, her wetness coating the digit. Still looking at her, he dropped his mouth and a second later, she felt his tongue rimming her rosebud, providing with a sensuous lubricant. She squealed, and felt her anal muscles part as his finger quietly invaded her, slowly thrusting her length. 

"Yes!" she exhaled. "Suck my clit... please!" His lips rolled over her button, holding it between his teeth, applying a gentle pressure. He lightly slapped the nib with his tongue, covering it with wide, warm swaths as his finger stroked in time. Her hips raised, she writhed on the bed, her nipples hard as she began to grind against his mouth and finger. She shuddered as she felt another thrill run through her quivering body. 

She tugged at his hair, raising his head. "I want you to fuck me. Please. I need you to fuck me. Fuck me. Make me your slut, again and again. Please, oh God, please fuck me," she begged. She felt him climb up her body and settle between her waiting thighs. He slowly slid into her, her walls gripping his shaft. 

"I want you to kiss me," she sighed. "I want you to take me." He lowered his head, offering his lips. She greedily took it, tasting herself, his tongue licking her lips, teasing her. She moaned, her hips moving against his, the tingling forming into a ball of tight tension, settling deep into her pelvis. 

Her fingers dug deep into his straining back, her legs wrapped around his, their hips grinding. The air was thick with the scent of their passion, echoing the sounds of wet skin slapping against each other and of their cries of pleasure. His steady, hard strokes drove her closer to the edge, to that very precipice she so desperately wanted to fall from. She fought for that last ounce of control as she ripped her mouth from his and moved her lips to his ear. 

"I want you to tell me to cum and I want you to cum with me."

He groaned, as she tightened around him, nails scratching his back. Her moans became louder, rougher. She gripped him hard as the ball of erotic tension threatened to explode. 

"Cum for me, my slut," he growled. With those words, she arched her back and called his name, the ripples of her orgasm taking over her, seeping through the every fibre of her being. She felt him thrust into her hard, jerking wildly, his loud groan of release vibrating through their bodies. Her legs squeezed, her convulsing walls milked him wanting, needing the release of his pleasure. He collapsed onto her, his panting tickling her ear as she buried her face into his shoulder, the room suddenly quiet. 

After long moments, he rolled onto his back, taking her with him. Propping herself on her elbow, she glanced at him and lightly kissed him. They shared a quiet smile, the glow shining through her eyes. She cleared her throat. 

"If I may, the next time, I want you to take me with rope, wax and some serious spankings."

"Oh?" He raised his eyebrows. "How will you tell me what you want when your mouth is stuffed with panties?"

"Well, there lies the problem. If my mouth is stuffed with panties, then it wouldn't leave any room for it to be stuffed with your cock, now would it?"

"Hmm. That would be a problem, wouldn't it?" he answered seriously. "In any case, your mouth will be stuffed. How would you tell me?"

She shrugged as she nestled in his arms. "Pantomime." 

There was a moment of silence, and then he threw his head back and laughed. Chuckling, he tightened his arms around her as she grinned, her hand playing with his chest hairs, feeling his heartbeat under her cheek as a wave of pure contentment settled over her.