 Jennifer quickly turned off her computer as soon as she heard her long time boyfriend Mick open the front door. It'd only been three months ago when she finally decided to move in with him. She ran to the front room and as soon as she saw him, she threw her arms around him.

"Whoa! That's a nice greeting," Mick said holding her.

"Glad you're home. I was getting lonely."

Mick eyed her curiously. "Ok what do you want?"

She giggled. "Nothing. I just love you so much."

He placed a soft kiss on her lips. "I love you too."

"You ready to eat? Cuz I'm starving."

He smiled and touched her face. "I know what I want to eat."

She blushed. "You can get your desert after dinner."

They had a nice home cooked meal and laid around the living room watching their favorite sitcom shows. Jennifer stared at her boyfriend. His brown eyes focused on the TV but soon enough met with hers.

"What?" He asked.

"Nothing."

He went back to watching TV. Jennifer wanted to tell him right then and there, but the words would not come out. She'd been wanting to tell him for a while the secret she'd been hiding from him. 

Mick's eyes focused on Jennifer. "Are you sure you're ok?"

"Yes, I'm fine," she lied.

He turned off the TV and got up. Jennifer stared up at him innocently. Mick held out his hand. "Come on."

"What?"

"Let's go to the room. I'm so ready to make love to you right now."

She held his hand as he helped her up from the floor. They walked to their bedroom and soon enough they were kissing passionately. Mick's body pressed against Jennifer's. She could already feel his hard on pressed against her thighs. 

"I want you," she whispered in between kisses.

"I always want you," Mick replied in a husky voice.

He began to trail kisses down her neck gently kissing it and sucking on it. She could feel his hot breath on her skin setting her body on fire! He easily picked her up and carried her over to their bed. He laid her down gently. She stared up at her lover with lustful eyes. 

Mick peeled off his shirt and kicked off his shoes. He quickly removed his pants and boxers. Jennifer couldn't take her eyes off his hard cock. She smiled at him and opened her arms out to him.

"Hurry! I need you."

He laughed. "You're a little tomcat tonight aren't you?"

Jennifer blushed. "Only for you."

Mick climbed on the bed with her and unbuttoned her top. He slipped his hands underneath her and fumbled with her bra ready to take it off. Once her bra came loose, she raised her body and took her top and bra off throwing them on the floor. Mick cupped one breast and put it in his mouth. He flicked his tongue on her hard nipple.

"Oooh!" She cooed.

He grabbed the other breasts and repeated. His other hand roamed down her body and pulled her skirt up over her waist. He rubbed her thighs while taking turns sucking on her nipples. He moved his hand up and grabbed her panties.

"Just tear them off will ya?" She muttered.

He had a wicked grin on his face. He easily tore off her panties exposing her shaven pussy. He looked down and smiled. "Very sexy."

"Make love to me...please," she implored.

Mick didn't hesitate. He positioned himself between her legs and plunged his cock in her. Jennifer wrapped her legs around him pulling him closer and deeper. Their eyes locked as they made love.

Mick moved in and out of her smoothly. He would dip his head down every now and then to suck on one of her nipples. Jennifer closed her eyes for a moment and moaned. He felt so damn good inside of her. His body was heavy on top of hers but she didn't mind one bit. She opened her eyes again and realized he'd been staring at her. 

"You're so beautiful. I want you to explode on my cock," he rasped.

She ran her hand on his chest. "I want to. Then I want you to cum inside of me. Let me feel your seed in me."

"Mmm," he groaned and pumped his cock in and out of her faster.

"Ooh yes! A little harder! Mick...oh Mick!" Jennifer cried out. His cock sliding in and out faster was making her body tingle all over.

"I love you Jenny," he said sweetly and planted a long wet kiss on her lips.

Jennifer couldn't take it anymore. She began to climax. Her sounds of pleasure became muffled in their kiss. Mick broke the kiss and watched her orgasm. He always loved to watch her.

"Mmmmmggghh!" Jennifer wailed.

"Ahh yes baby, I'm so close!" Mick said.

Jennifer looked into his eyes and clenched her pussy on his cock. 

"Oh shit! Don't do that! You're going to make me cum so fast!"

She let go letting him continue to please her. Then a few minutes later she did it again tightening her pussy. Mick closed his eyes and was panting harder than ever. "I-I'm going to cum! Ugggghh!" 

Jennifer pulled him down to kiss him. Hot spurts of cum shot inside of her. He remained inside of her until he was completely finished.

"Oh damn girl, you made me cum so hard!" Mick sighed.

She giggled. "That's the point."

He slipped his cock out of her and lay next to her. Jennifer laid her head on his chest hearing his heart thumping. She was definitely in love. How would she ever continue to keep this secret from him?

* * *

Jennifer had finished writing her 70th erotic story. She saved her story to a cd-rom and put it in a desk drawer. Mick would hardly ever use the computer. If he did, it was mostly to download music or check his e-mail. Jennifer had feared he'd come across one of her stories but luckily that hadn't happened.

Jennifer turned off the computer and sighed. She laid back on her chair and thought of how she would ever be able to tell Mick that she wrote erotic stories. Not that Mick was absolutely close-minded, but the fact that Jennifer's stories were taboo. She had written many incest stories, which Mick had no clue about. Sure she had mentioned to him every now and then that her dream was to be a writer. He believed in her and had always asked to see her work, but she never did. She knew he might like some of her work but feared about the whole incest stories. She would gladly show him any erotic coupling story or nonhuman story she'd written, but there would be those incest ones that she didn't have the guts to show him.

She wondered how he would react to the whole incest story writing. Would he freak? Would he just ignore it, and would things ever be the same between them? It might have not been a big deal to others but this was the love of her life she would have to tell. What he thought meant so much to her. She knew he loved her unconditionally, or at least that's what he had told her. 

"I have to find a way to tell him," Jennifer said out loud. She wondered what would be a smooth way to tell him without actually having to say it straight out? 

"E-mail. I'll send an incest story to his e-mail," she said to herself.

She quickly got back on her computer and created an anonymous e-mail address so that she could send him her stories. Afterwards, she copied and pasted a story and sent it off to him. She only hoped he wouldn't freak.

* * *

Mick arrived home later on that evening. After a warm shower, he ordered Chinese that night. Jennifer and Mick ate while Mick went on about his day. Jennifer listened but couldn't get the e-mail out of her mind. She knew that before bedtime, Mick would go and check his e-mail. He usually told her everything. She wondered if he would tell her about the story she sent him.

An hour later, Mick was at the computer. Jennifer was finishing up cleaning the kitchen and peeked out every now and then to see what his reaction was. She knew he was reading her e-mail. Since his back was towards her, she had no clue what his reaction was.

"You got lots of e-mail?" Jennifer asked.

Mick didn't respond.

"Mick?" Jennifer asked peeking her head out. 

Mick turned around and seemed in a daze. "W-what?"

"I asked if you had lots of e-mail tonight? You've been reading for quite a while."

Mick scoffed. "Well, someone sent me some nasty story about a brother and sister fucking if you can believe that."

Jennifer's heart sank. "Oh? Is it that bad?"

Mick frowned. "Of course it is! That's sick!"

Jennifer went back to washing the dishes. "Yeah that is pretty sick stuff huh? Who sent it to ya?"

Mick shrugged and she saw him delete the e-mail. Her heart broke. "I don't know some sicko I guess."

Jennifer tried to hold back her tears. She finished washing dishes and went to go shower. Once in the shower, she got to cry. He had sounded so hateful towards her story. Now how would she ever be able to tell him that it was her? That she was the one who wrote it and sent it. Jennifer sobbed and wished she had enough courage to tell him everything.

* * *

The next day, Jennifer did it again. She wasn't going to give up so easily. She sent Mick yet another e-mail featuring another incest story. If he would delete it, she knew she'd have to wait a while longer before confessing that she was the one who had written the story. 

That evening Mick was at the computer again. Jennifer was sitting on the couch pretending to be watching TV. She knew he was reading her second story that she'd sent him. He seemed to be reading for hours but never told her anything about the story. She didn't want to ask either. She wondered if deep down he really enjoyed her story. 

Mick turned off the computer. Jennifer watched as he took a deep breath and laid back on the chair. 

"You ok babe?" She asked.

Mick nodded. "I'm fine. I'm going to take a shower."

He got up and quickly ran into the shower. Jennifer had noticed that he hadn't deleted the second email she'd sent him. 

* * *

Late at night, Once Mick had fallen asleep, Jennifer crept to the living room and turned on the computer. She wanted to finish writing one of her new stories. She slipped the disk into the computer and began typing away. Mick was a deep sleeper so she knew the sound of the keyboard would not wake him. 

She took a quick break from her writing to check her email. She loved receiving feedback for all her stories. As she looked, she noticed Mick had sent her an email. Her heart pounded. It was either good news or bad. She'd have to open up the email to find out for sure. 

Once she opened up the email, her eyes watered. It was an angry email from Mick stating not to send him stories anymore. She tried to hold back her tears but they fell down her face naturally. She was no longer in a mood to write anymore.

* * *

As the days went by, Jennifer decided not to write for a few days. She wasn't feeling hungry and hardly smiled. Mick looked worried but she couldn't possibly tell him that she was the one who had sent the stories he had hated so much. 

At school, her friend Lilly knew that something was terribly wrong. She and Jennifer usually went to get coffee after class but as they sat at the café that afternoon, Jennifer hardly talked or joked. 

"Alright Jen, what's up?" Lilly asked.

Jennifer looked up at her friend as if she didn't know what she was talking about. "W-what?"

Lilly nodded. "Hmm something is wrong. You're not laughing or making jokes like you usually do. Jen tell me what's wrong."

Jennifer wished she could tell her friend. She'd known Lilly for over 8 years when they had met in seventh grade. This secret was really getting to Jennifer. She liked writing taboo stories no matter what anyone thought of them, yet the most important people in her life had no clue that she did. 

Lilly eyed Jennifer waiting for a response. "I guess you don't want to talk about it huh?"

Jennifer sipped her coffee slowly. "Not really."

"Is it Mick? Did he do something wrong?"

"No. He's so wonderful. It's just...never mind."

Lilly gave her a sympathetic look. "You know you can always talk to me right Jen?"

Jennifer nodded. "Yeah. Well, if I tell you, do you promise not to judge me?"

Lilly sat back and crossed her arms. "Do I ever judge?"

Jennifer laughed. "Sometimes."

Lilly smiled wickedly. "Well, we all do sometimes, but you're my friend so that's different. Wait! Don't tell me, you're gay?"

Jennifer burst out laughing. "No!"

Lilly sighed. "Oh good. I was thinking you were and that you might ask me out. I wouldn't have turned you down of course but you know."

"Oh Lilly, you're too much."

"See? I got you all relaxed now, so tell me."

Jennifer leaned closer to her friend. Lilly moved closer and listened attentively. Jennifer looked around to make sure no one was listening. "I have a secret," Jennifer whispered.

Lilly raised a brown. "Yeah? What is it?"

"You have to promise not to say a word to anyone about it and you have to promise not to judge me."

"I promise."

"Pinky swear," Jennifer teased.

Lilly laughed. "What is this? Eighth grade?"

Jennifer's face was serious again. "Ok well, I write stories."

"What kind of stories?"

Jennifer felt her face turning red. "Erotic stories."

Lilly's eyes widened. "Oh yeah? Like romance novels?"

"Well, some do have romance but more sex."

Lilly had a blank face. "What's the big deal about that Jen?"

Jennifer took a deep breath. "Well, some of them are very taboo."

Lilly leaned in closer. "Ooh taboo? Hmm sounds interesting. Tell me more."

Jennifer took another deep breath. "I write lots of stories that deal with incest."

Lilly gasped and almost fell off her chair. She cleared her throat and took a long sip of her coffee. Jennifer watched her friends reaction. She hoped Lilly would not think any less of her.

Lilly looked away briefly and held her hand across her heart. "Wow! That was a surprise Jen. I have to admit I was shocked. I thought you'd say you wrote about rape or something like that. I never expected you to say incest. Wow!"

Jennifer looked down.

"Hey! Jen! No it's ok," Lilly assured.

Jennifer looked at her friend. "Is that bad of me? It's all just fantasy Lilly. I'd never participate in incest I hope you know that."

"Yeah I know. I'm just speechless right now."

Jennifer sipped her coffee slowly. The silence was intense but she expected that. She knew Lilly wouldn't take the news so easy. 

"Jen?" Lilly finally spoke.

"Yeah?"

"I'd love to read one. I mean if you'd like to show me?"

Jennifer smiled. She felt relieved that her friend was ok with the whole thing. Maybe after she read her work, she'd understand more about writing erotica. "Really? I don't write just incest you know. I write other stuff."

Lilly nodded. "I'd love to read whatever you want to show me, but I have to admit the incest has me intrigued. I mean I don't like any of my family members, although I did have a crush on a second cousin of mine, I don't think that counts though."

Jennifer laughed. "I should write a story about you."

Lilly blushed. "But seriously, I'd love to read some of your stories."

"Ok I'll email you a few and then you let me what you think ok?"

"Sounds good to me."

* * *

Jennifer sent Lilly three of her stories all different topics, but she was sure to send her one incest one just like Lilly had requested. As she finished sending the email, she felt Mick's lips on her neck.

"Oh! You scared me!" Jennifer gasped almost jumping up from her chair.

Mick laughed quietly. "You're cute when you're scared."

Jennifer turned to face her lover. "I thought you'd be asleep."

"I couldn't. I reached over to put my arms around you, but you weren't there. What are you doing up so late? Don't you have early class tomorrow?"

Jennifer turned off the computer. She tried to keep her cool. "Yeah I do. I just finished sending off an email."

"Not to an online lover I hope," Mick teased.

Jennifer smiled. She held her lovers hand. "No."

He gave her hand a gentle squeeze. "Come to bed with me."

Jennifer stood up and followed him to bed. After a beautiful love making session, they fell asleep in each other's arms.

* * *

"Oh my god! Jen, you've got to send me more stories!" Lilly shrilled. It was the next day and once again the girls were at the café.

Jennifer's eyes lit up. "Really? I mean did you really like them?"

"Oh yeah! I especially liked...the incest one," Lilly almost hesitated to say.

Jennifer beamed. "I'm so glad!"

"You have to show Mick these stories. He'll be so hot he'll fuck your brains out all night."

Jennifer frowned. "I don't think so."

"What? Why not?"

Jennifer looked down. "I've sent him some of my stories, anonymously, and he's rejected them."

"Well, maybe because he thinks it's some pervert who sent them to him. If he knows it's you, I'm sure he'll get all turned on," Lilly assured.

"No. I really don't want to tell him. I'm scared."

Lilly formed a serious face. "Jen, if you don't tell him this, then there is really no trust in your relationship. I mean you can keep doing this behind his back, but it's something you love to do and he should accept you for it. If he doesn't, then he never truly loved you."

Jennifer knew her friend was right. She had to figure out a way to tell him. She knew Mick loved her with all of his heart and something like this could not ruin their happiness. She wouldn't let that happen.

* * *

"Jenny? Jen?" Mick called out. He threw his keys on the coffee table and took off his jacket. He'd gotten out of work early that day. There was silence.

"Jenny?" He called out again.

Nothing.

Mick headed to the kitchen to grab a glass of water. He had been waiting for a coworker to email him important documents. He turned on the computer and as it came up he searched for the printer connector to print out the documents. He finally got into his email and began to print out the information. He wanted to save it on a disk as well. He searched for a blank disk. Grabbing the first disk that didn't seem to have anything on it, he inserted it into the disk drive.

His eyes widened when he saw what came up. He knew he shouldn't have, but the titles intrigued him. He clicked on one document titled, "My brother, My lover." He gulped as he read the first few paragraphs. As he got into the story, his heart pounded. He felt numb. He sat in shock at the words his girlfriend had typed. 

"Honey?"

Mick couldn't move. His eyes were glued to the screen. He'd been lost in the story to even notice Jennifer was home.

"Hey sweetheart I – " Jennifer stopped and realized Mick was reading one of her stories.

Mick still didn't turn to look at her. 

"M-Mick?" Jennifer asked nervously.

Mick finally turned. His face filled with confusion. "What is this?" He asked her.

Jennifer's heart sank. "That's uh...nothing."

"Nothing?" He snapped.

Jennifer felt her hands begin to shake. "Let me explain-"

"Explain what? Jenny, did you really write all this?"

Jennifer's eyes filled with tears. "Y-yes."

Mick stood up. His eyes filled with fury. "So you were the one who sent me those dirty stories huh? Why didn't you just come out and tell me?"

Tears ran down Jennifer's face. "I-I was scared."

"I can't believe this Jenny. I'm shocked. Incest stories? That's really sick, so sick!"

With that, he grabbed his jacked and keys and ran out the door. Jennifer heard his car start and he peeled out of the driveway. She flopped down on the couch and sobbed. This was it. Was it true what Lilly had said? Did he not love her enough to look past the stories?

* * *

"I have to stay here tonight ok? I can't talk about it right now." Mick explained to his best friend Roger.

Roger crossed his arms and shook his head. "What's up? You two never fight. I mean if you do, you make up in like five minutes."

"Please, I don't want to talk about it," Mick groaned. He sat on the couch and bowed his head down. The whole situation was bizarre. Never in a million years did he imagine his girlfriend writing taboo stories. 

* * *

A storm began to rise. Jennifer paced the living room hoping that Mick would come home soon. It was past midnight and still no sign of her lover. Jennifer's eyes were red and puffy from having cried so much. She hoped he'd come back and tell her that he didn't care about the stories. He loved her for who she was and that was that. 
