 It had been a long day at work, but at least it was Friday and she didn't have to go to work tomorrow. She had worked late and was very tired, but she didn't feel like going home yet. So she decided to go to a bar up the street from her office, have a drink and listen to some live music. Jazz and a couple of Cosmos.... that sounded so good to her. 

As she walked into the bar, she saw a seat at the end of the counter so walked over to it and sat down. Signaling the bartender, she ordered her first Cosmo with Grey Goose and lime. As she was waiting for her drink, she noticed that there was a very good-looking man sitting next to her, and that he was looking at her. 

Turning, she looked at him and said, "Well, hi there."

Continuing to look at her, he finally responded, "Hi, pretty lady" in a very deep, sexy voice that sent shivers down her spine. 

As she looked into his eyes, he returned her gaze and she felt as though she was frozen in time and that they were the only two people in the world.... an experience she hadn't had for a very long time. She was so caught up in his gaze that she didn't notice when her drink arrived, also an experience she hadn't had in a very long time. 

As she sat there staring into this incredibly sexy man's eyes, she suddenly heard him say, "Don't you want your Cosmo?" 

Embarrassed, she said, "Oh my, when did that arrive?" as she reached for it and took her first sip. 

Still looking at her, he replied, "Oh, I'm not sure.... I was busy looking into a beautiful pair of eyes."

She giggled, almost like a school girl, and said, "Oh, well I was so lost in your eyes that I didn't know where I was...."

And then, as she looked seductively into his eyes some more, she felt more shivers go up her spine as she realized that he was touching her leg, electrifying her beyond belief. She knew that she should tell him to stop, but the words wouldn't come out of her mouth. She just took another sip from her Cosmo and touched his hand lightly, rubbing it and guiding it further up her leg. She felt such chemistry forming between them and started realizing that she was becoming very, very wet. Before she knew it, she felt his hand moving up her leg, massaging it gently, making her more and more wet. All she could think about was how much she wanted him to touch her pussy and feel the wetness that was forming there. And then, as if her thoughts were being transmitted to him telepathically, she felt him touch her pussy through her panties and then push her panties aside to touch her wet, hot pussy as he began to gently rub her clit. She felt herself melting right there on the bar stool, feeling so turned on, wanting him to throw her down on the floor right there and fuck her wildly. 

Leaning over, he then whispered in her ear, "How does that feel, baby?"

Of course, by this time, she could barely even think, let alone speak. She just looked at him in the eyes and moaned quietly as he continued to rub her clit.... harder and faster, making her melt even more.... and then, as he slipped one finger, and then two, into her wet pussy, pushing them in and out, in and out, she could barely contain herself. She closed her eyes and felt as though she was going to explode into an orgasm, not even caring, or really aware, that they were in a public place. More than anything at that moment, she wanted him to fuck her, hard and deep, feeling him pushing his hard, stiff cock inside her wet, hot cunt.... oh yes, she wanted that more than anything....

She started to gather her thoughts, and as she did, she whispered seductively in his ear, "Why don't we go somewhere more private?" 

Looking very pleased at her comment, he said teasingly, "OK, baby, where should we go? Do you have a special place where you take the men who you pick up in bars?"

Laughing lightly, she replied, "Oh, so you think I picked you up? I just happened to be the one who sat down next to you. Maybe you would have started playing with any woman who sat here."

Startled by her comment, and not sure if she was serious or not, he said, "Oh no, baby, it was you who caught my attention, and your eyes and legs that got me going."

Not sure if he was being honest, but so turned on she didn't really care, she said, "Well, I'm glad I sat down next to you, and I'm glad you noticed me. Now let's go do something about it, OK?"

Obviously relieved by her response, and practically jumping out of his seat, he replied, "Yes, let's do that."

As she turned and stood up, she said, "There's a very nice hotel up the street... do you want to go there?"

And then, without saying a word, he signaled to the bartender, laid down some money and said, "This should take care of both of our bills." 

Then he took her by the hand and started to lead her out of the bar and out to the street. When they reached the sidewalk, he stopped, took her in his arms and started kissing her passionately right there, a kiss that she could feel through her whole body, from the top of her head to the tips of her toes and everywhere in-between. She was so attracted to this man that she could hardly believe it. She knew that she should have stopped how far things had gotten inside the bar, and that she should try to slow things down now, but it was too late.... she was so hot and bothered that she could hardly breathe. And as these thoughts swirled through her head, she found herself fantasizing about what was to come.... Oh my, she thought, this is amazing...

When he stopped kissing her, he put his arm around her shoulder as they started walking up the street together toward the hotel. When they reached the hotel door and it started to open, he stopped again, looked her in the eyes and kissed her lightly on the lips and whispered seductively, "I want you so much that I can hardly think."

Without hesitating, she replied breathlessly, "And I want you to fuck me right now." 

He stepped back, looked at her in the eyes and smiled with such an intriguing sensuality that she felt as though he was going to take her right there in the lobby. But he turned and started walking toward the front desk.... and as he did, she stared at him as he walked away, and felt as though she was going to faint from the anticipation that was building.

Then she walked over to a chair and sat down, feeling her panties getting more and more wet by the second.... and her breasts felt like they were going to explode out of her blouse, wanting so much for him to touch and fondle them, lick her hard, erect nipples, put them in his mouth and suck on them as he squeezed her breasts together as she felt his cock getting harder and harder. And she wanted so to suck on his cock, taste his pre-cum, stroke and lick the shaft and stick it down her throat. And she wanted to get on top of him, dangle her tits in his face while he licked and sucked on her nipples as he slowly penetrated her cunt with his stiff, hard cock... and imagining all of this made her feel as though she was going to burst into flame at any second....

Suddenly, in the midst of this very vivid fantasy, she felt his hand on her leg and realized that he was sitting beside her.

"Oh my, baby, you were off in another world, weren't you?" 

She looked at him, smiled seductively, and whispered, "Just fantasizing about what's coming, baby, and I have a feeling that you are an incredible lover." 

He gazed in her eyes and then said, "And I think you are amazing," as he took her by the hand and started walking toward the elevator.

When they got to the elevator doors, he pushed the button and said, "I got a room on the 50th floor, and I want to fuck you in front of the window overlooking the city.... how does that sound?" 

Almost sighing, she whispered "Wonderful, baby.... I can't wait any longer." And as the elevator doors opened, and he pushed "50" on the floor buttons, she felt as though she was floating, filled with amazing anticipation of what was to come.... 

As soon as the elevator doors closed, he turned toward her and started to kiss her, gently at first and then more and more passionately. As their tongues probed and danced together, she thought to herself what an amazing kisser he was and how turned on he was making her. At this point, he had her pinned up against the wall of the elevator, and as he continued to kiss her, his hand found its way up under her skirt. He rubbed the inside of her thigh lightly before starting to massage the outside of her pussy. His fingers quickly found their way to her clit and as he began to rub it, she started to moan in obvious pleasure. 

"Oh God," she cried out, "that feels incredible... please don't stop."

"You really like that, don't you?" he said as he continued to rub her clit, then adding in an amazed tone, "Your pussy is so hot and so incredibly wet."

Gasping loudly, she then said, "I've been wet all night, ever since you first talked to me and started rubbing my leg at the bar, and by now, I must be dripping." 

He looked her in the eyes briefly, and said, "Oh yes, you are, and it's really turning me on. I can't wait to fuck you." 

And she just looked at him with a wild glaze in her eyes....

Just then, the elevator door opened on the 50th Floor and they stepped out into the hallway. "We're in Room 5050, but I have a feeling my odds are better than that," he said with a smirk.

"Oh, I'd say your odds are very, very good," she replied in a seductive whisper, leaning over to kiss him. And as she did, they started to kiss each other very passionately, groping and clawing at each other.

Just then, an older couple walked into the elevator lobby and looked at them quizzically, obviously shocked by what they had encountered. She looked at them for a moment and then said, "Oh, I'm sorry, but we just kissing a little before he fucks me." 

The older woman's mouth dropped open, and she was speechless. Luckily, the elevator came right away and the older couple stepped into the elevator in a huff.... 

As the doors closed, he looked at her and said, "You're a little devil, aren't you?" to which she replied, "Yes, baby, and I'm a bad little girl... I think you're going to have to spank me."

He just laughed, and then said, "Well, I don't know about the spanking part, but I definitely want to fuck you, and if we don't go to the room right now, I'll have to fuck you right here in the hallway." 

She smiled at him mischievously and said, "Go ahead.... believe me, I won't stop you."

And to that, he chuckled, took her by the arm, started walking toward their room as he said, "I have a feeling I'm really in for it," convinced that he was right.

When they reached the room, he turned the key and held the door open for her as she walked in. And as soon as the door closed behind them, he turned and looked at her. She was sitting down in a chair with her legs spread wide apart, and was playing with herself. Staring for a moment, he then walked over to her, looking intently at what was happening there in front of him. She massaged her clit lightly for a few seconds and then started rubbing it harder and faster, moaning louder and louder with each rub of her fingers. She then stuck two fingers inside of her pussy and started finger-fucking herself. As he stood there watching her, he could hear gushing noises coming from her pussy, confirming just how wet he had imagined she was becoming. 

Then kneeling in front of her, he reached inside her blouse and started massaging one of her breasts. Holding her nipple between his fingers, he rolled and pinched it as he closely watched her reaction. 

Moaning louder and louder, she yelled out, "Oh God, I'm going to cum..... I'm going to cum, baby.... oh God, I'm cumming, I'm cumming...." 

And with that, she began to squirm and writhe in the chair, moaning and crying out, "Oh God, I'm cumming.... I'm cumming.... I'm cumming so hard...."

Suddenly, she got up and almost stumbled to the bed, laid down, and in a pleading tone said, "Please fuck me now.... I can't wait any longer." 

Not pausing for even a second, he walked over to the foot of the bed and stood there as he unbuckled his belt. Then he unzipped his pants, took them off and tossed them on the floor, still standing at the foot of the bed. Making sure she was watching him, he took off his briefs to reveal his cock which had an amazingly hard erection and was sticking straight out. Suddenly becoming very quiet, she laid there observing this now naked man and his hard, stiff cock, feeling so drawn to him and so horny that she could hardly breathe. But she just laid there, watching him and waiting for his next move....

After a few moments, he walked over to the side of the bed and then laid down with his head next to her pussy and his cock in line with her mouth. "I want to suck on your pussy first, and I want you to suck on my cock," he stated in a very matter-of-fact tone. And she immediately obeyed, grabbing his cock, stroking it with her hand, and then starting to lick the tip of it lightly. She then put his cock all the way inside her mouth and down her throat until it wouldn't go any further. Alternating between sucking on his cock and stroking the shaft, she repeated each motion while watching his face, enjoying his gasps and moans.

Their eyes met, and he said, "Wow, that feels incredible, baby.... you're very good at that, as he gasped and moaned even more.

Not replying but just looking at him seductively, she kept sucking and stroking his cock, obviously delighted with the fact that he was enjoying it so much. After a couple of minutes, he began to lick her swollen clit and then drew it into his mouth, sucking on it while he put two fingers into her wet pussy. She gasped in pleasure as he moved his fingers in and out of her pussy, listening to the gushing noises again.... and was very excited that she was still so wet. 

While he continued to suck on her clit, he removed his fingers slowly from her pussy, feeling it tighten as his fingers slid out. He then brought his hand up to her breast, and began rolling her nipple and squeezing her breast. He pulled his mouth away from her clit and began to lick her labia from bottom to top, each time gently touching her clit, flicking it with the tip of his tongue. Her hips were moving wildly as she continued to suck on his cock, licking it and grabbing his balls. She massaged his balls with one hand as she stroked his cock with the other, and then drew his balls into her mouth along with his cock, sucking on both at the same time. Then she grabbed her right breast and started to squeeze her tit and nipple as he squeezed and pinched her other tit and nipple, all the while watching her continue to suck on his cock and balls. So incredibly amazed by what she was doing with his cock and balls, his mind was racing as he continued to lick her labia. 

Moaning and gasping, she stopped sucking his cock and balls and started grabbing wildly at her tits and nipples as she began to cum. Licking, sucking and finger-fucking her pussy and clit, he watched as she had orgasm after orgasm. He sucked her clit and licked it, pushing his tongue into her pussy. She was cumming hard now and moaning loudly, and her body was rising and falling like a wave, cresting time after time, over and over again. He had never been with a woman quite like this before.... a woman who was multi-orgasmic and so incredibly sexy and sensual.

As her orgasm started to subside, he started licking and kissing his way up her body.... until his cock was in line with her wet pussy. And then, when his lips reached her mouth, they began kissing passionately as his hard, erect penis pushed itself teasingly against her wet pussy. Then, just as she started to scream, "Fuck me, baby.... fuck me now," he pushed his cock into her waiting pussy, sending amazing sensations throughout her body. She was so turned on now that her pussy was dripping, and all she could think was how incredible it was to feel his hard, stiff cock inside of her. Squeezing her pussy around his hard penis, she could feel her cunt start to contract and pulsate with each thrust, each push of his cock in and out, in and out, in and out. She gasped and moaned loudly as he fucked her harder and deeper with each thrust. 

As he continued to fuck her wildly, she could feel an incredibly strong orgasm building inside of her. Moaning in pleasure, she breathlessly said, "Oh baby, I'm going to cum again.... I'm going to cum again," as her pussy started to explode, sending an incredible wave of sensations throughout her body. "Oh God, I'm cumming.... I'm cumming so hard," she screamed, as she grabbed him and held his body tightly. Her mind was racing now as she continued to cum and he kept fucking her, harder, deeper and more wildly. His kisses were becoming more and more passionate as their tongues probed inside each others mouths. Her orgasm intensified, building and growing. The combination of him kissing and fucking her at the same time was almost surreal, arousing her beyond belief. It had become very apparent that there was an amazing sexual energy and connection between them, something she hadn't experienced in a very long time, and she was electrified by the way he made her feel, so sensual yet amazingly carnal and animalistic. 

And then, he suddenly stopped fucking her, pulled his cock out of her pussy and held it in his hand. He started stroking his cock wildly for a few seconds and then slammed it back into her waiting pussy. And as he started fucking her again, she could feel another orgasm coming just as his body stiffened and they started to cum together. Holding each other tightly, she could feel his cock shooting its load inside of her pussy, sending even more amazingly intense sensations throughout her body. And he started to moan loudly, shivering and shaking as his orgasm reached its peak, they both collapsed in each others arms and laid there completely spent.

They laid there for several minutes without talking, just holding each other tightly. Finally, he looked over at her, and then leaned toward her, kissing her gently. Then in a mischievous tone all his own, he said, "Well, let's see.... I fucked you, but I haven't spanked you yet."

Laughing, she replied, "Well, what are you waiting for?" as she got up on her knees and turned her ass toward him. "I'm ready, baby.... it's time for you to spank this bad little girl," she said, teasing him. 

Expressionless, he just looked at her for a moment. Then he got up, positioning his hand in back of her ass. But then nothing.Kneeling, waiting with anticipation for the spanking into which she had goaded him, she looked back at him, puzzled. He was holding his hand there, seemingly ready to spank her ass, but was "frozen in time." 

Giggling, she paused and then said, "What are you waiting for, baby.... I just gave you the go-ahead." 

But he just looked at her and then said, "I just can't do it. I'm really not into giving pain.... or receiving it either for that matter." 

She smiled again, and then teasingly said, "Wow, baby, I'm very surprised.... I thought you'd be wailing on my ass by now." 

He smiled back at her, and laughed, saying, "No, I'm a lover, not a fighter, and I'm definitely not into abusing women, whether they say they want it or not." 

She turned around toward him, sat down on the bed, and then said, "You mean I found myself a genuinely nice guy tonight? In a bar?" 

He looked at her and said, "Yes, I admit it.... I am a nice guy."

Looking at him in amazement, she replied, "Well, that's wonderful.... I've always wanted one of those."

And with that, they laid back down and started kissing again, both of them feeling the intensity of the moment and the passion between them. She felt so amazingly comfortable with this man who she had just met, and she was so glad that she had sat down beside him there at the bar.... and what had followed. Of course, all that seemed a world away now, as they lay there together, holding each other as they kissed.... deep, incredibly sensual kisses that sent electrical charges throughout her body.
