 "Mark I need to talk to you about something," I said as my husband was getting ready for work.

"Right now?" he said, "I only have a few minutes." 

"Yes, it will only take a couple of minutes. I need to get something off my chest."

"Ok, this doesn't sound good. What's going on?"

"This is hard for me to say. I know it's going to hurt you, and I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner but..." I paused.

"But what?" he said.

"I just wanted to tell you that...for a while now...I have been faking my orgasms," I said quickly, trying to get it out fast, but relived I had finally said it.

"What?" he said, "Why would you do that?"

"I don't know. I just didn't want you to feel bad I guess," I said. "I know it was stupid." There was a long pause where neither of us said anything.

"For how long?" he said.

"I'm not sure. About a year..."

"A year?" he said raising his voice.

"I don't know!" I said, getting upset at his tone. It had been at least two but I didn't want to admit it. "Maybe more, I haven't been keeping track." 

"So what is it? I just finish too quickly, you fake it, and we both just go to sleep?" 

"Well...usually yes...but not always."

"Are you being honest now or are you still faking?" he said angrily.

"That's not fair," I said. "This was hard for me to bring up."

"So 'not always'...What does 'not always' mean?"

"Well," I said and just looked at him. I could hardly get it out.

"Well what?" he said angrily. 

"This is hard for me to talk about!" 

"Yea, well it's hard for me too."

"I know," I said "I'm sorry." I had to get my nerve up again. I had come this far. 

"Fine...sometimes...sometimes...I wait for you to go to sleep...and then I go in the bathroom and make myself cum," I said looking up and looking him in the eye. Finally, it was all said and I was so relieved. 

He just looked back at me for what seemed like an eternity. "I need to go to work," he said. "We can talk about this when I get home," as he grabbed his keys and left.

Hours passed and I heard nothing from him. I knew it was partly my fault for not teaching him what I liked. I also knew I had hurt him, but having been frustrated for so long, it needed to be addressed. I was relieved when he finally texted me:

"I'm sorry," is all his text said.

"I'm sorry too. I shouldn't have brought it up right before you left," I responded.

"It's fine. I kind of had a feeling anyway. But now at least we can fix it."

"Thank you. I love you" I responded.

"I love you too. We can figure it out when I get home. It will be fun making you cum hard again," which brought a smile to my face.

"I think so too," I said.

That night we hardly spoke until we were getting into bed. I came to bed in a silk nightgown and a thong. Earlier in the day I had shaved my pussy except for a small triage shaped bush. Mark usually sleeps in his boxers and today was no exception. After a minute or two he turned to me and asked "So how are we going to fix this?"

A minute passed before I responded, "I don't know yet."

"You need to be 100% honest with me if we are going to fix it."

"Ok...I know."

"When is the last time you had an orgasm?"

Assuming he meant with him I said, "Six months ago."

"Why didn't you just tell me?"

"I don't know. I didn't want to hurt your feelings I guess."

"So you never cum when I go down on you?"

Mark loves going down on me before we have sex and while it didn't give me an orgasm often, I loved that I could entice him so easily. Over the years I had learned that just letting him just see my bush was enough to get him thinking about me all day. A slight spread of my legs, with or without panties, and a little eye contact was enough to get his tongue inside me. 

More recently I had come to the realization that he preferred going down on me after a long day at work, after I went to the gym, or worked in the yard. At first I was insecure about it, occasionally resisting, but I eventually embraced it and started looking forward to it. Spreading my legs for him, placing my foot on his cock and feeling how hard he got when he tasted me gave me an incredible rush. The days when my panties came off and I could smell my own pussy even before he started eating me was about the only time I could orgasm.

"Sometimes, I used to more often," I said, trying not to embarrass him.

"And you just faked it to get me to stop?" he said wounded.

"It's not like that," I said, "I love that you like to do that."

"But it doesn't make you cum?"

"Not as much anymore," I said, "I mean, it makes me feel good to come to bed and know you want me. I really like how it feels, but it doesn't get me over the edge."

"What about when I'm inside you?"

I shook my head no. I had once in the last year but it wasn't worth mentioning.

"So is it more often when I go down on you or when we have sex?"

"When you go down on me."

"Which do you at least like more?" 

"I love them both. But I guess as I've gotten older I like when you're inside of me more."

"Even though you don't cum?" he said. 

I didn't have a response. It was true I liked it more, but also true I very rarely came from penetration. I suspected it was a combination of reasons. His eating me out beforehand caused him to cum too fast. Also, I would never tell him this, but his cock just didn't stretch me and fill me up like it once did. It had been a long time since I came just because I felt like I was just getting fucked hard.

"What about in the bathroom?" he asked, moving on.

"What do you mean?"

"This morning you said you make yourself cum in the bathroom. How?"

"I use my hand my hand on my clit."

"What do you think about?"

"I don't know. Different things each time I guess." He was asking a lot more questions than I had anticipated. 

"Are you at least thinking about being with me?"

"Yes, of course I think about you!"

"Then what do you think about?"

I looked at him and frowned, "I don't want to say."

"Just say it," he said, "you promised you would be honest." 

"I think about you going down on me."

"I don't understand, then why don't you cum when I'm actually going down on you?"

"Because it's different... you...you go down on me beforehand."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, it's kind of a long story."

"Let's hear it." 

"I was looking up some information on female orgasm, and I found a forum where other women were posting about what helped them. Someone posted that if she doesn't have an orgasm...she makes her husband to go down on her again."

"After they had sex?"

"Yea."

"Really? That's what you think about?"

"Yes," I said. "Honestly, that is what I think about all the time."

"Did he wear a condom?"

"Who?" I asked.

"The woman's husband."

"Oh. I don't know, it didn't say."

"Okay...when you think about it did I wear one?" he asked. 

I looked him in the eye and said "No." He held my gaze for a few seconds, sighed and laid down on his back. 

After a few minutes of silence I said "Just forget it," turned off my nightstand light and lay down on my side with my back to him. I had high hopes for working through this, but my hope was fading. After about 5 more minutes he snuggled up against me, placing his hard cock against my ass. I was shocked.

"Is that a yes?" I said smiling and feeling empowered.

"Maybe" he said. "Why do you want that? Because of that post?"

"Sort of," I said, "You won't be mad if I tell you?"

"I don't know what you're going to tell me," he said, "but I don't think so."

"I actually had forgotten about her post until once, after you fell asleep, I was in the bathroom and I ran my fingers between my lips, and I was soaking wet from your cum," I said as a turned around to face him. "I've known for a while you can't resist eating me when I'm dirty or sweaty." He looked away but didn't deny it. "Don't be embarrassed about it. I love it," I said as I put my hand inside his boxers and around his hard cock. "I don't really take a shower or bath before bed anymore because I like to have you taste me before bed. I know you like it because you get so hard... like you are now."

I gave him an opportunity to respond, but he didn't take it. I could tell he was surprised I was talking to him like this, and honestly I was shocked myself. "Did you know I knew?" I asked.

"No."

"So it's true then?" I asked. "You like tasting my dirty pussy?"

"Yea," he said, his cock straining against my hand.

"I figured it out because you always try to go down on me right before I get in the shower or bath. You must thinking about it all day...and then have to jump at the chance to taste me before it too late. Is that true too?"

He nodded but said nothing.

"I thought so. I've never say it out loud, but now when your eating me I think how you're cleaning me at the end of the day, instead of me having to take a shower. I like that you use your tongue to clean me," I said. "I like that you go to sleep with my scent on your face. Do you think about that too...cleaning my pussy?"

"Yes, all the time," he softly.

"I know you do," I said. "That's why I thought of you cleaning me after you finished inside me. I ran my fingers between my lips...and my fingers were soaking wet... I looked at them and thought of that woman making her husband eat her after he couldn't make her cum. I guess I was just mad or frustrated and I just imagined making you do it too." 

"Are you asking me to do that?"

"Yes," I said while continuing to run my fingers up and down his cock. "Is that ok?"

"I want to do it for you" he said

"Really?" I asked, getting excited at the prospect. . 

"Yea."

"When? Tonight?" I said, probably showing too much excitement. 

"How do you want me to do it?"

"What do you mean?"

"What position were you in?"

"Oh. Well that was different. I just was fantasizing about it then."

"So, what did you imagine?"

"Well, I was frustrated...and I thought about just climbing off you right away and sitting on your mouth...without asking."

"You already asked, so now you can't do it without asking," he said, "but I want you to do it that way."

In my head when I had fantasized about his cum dripping out of me onto his chest as I quickly moved to his mouth. While it I thought it was hot then, it wasn't real. "Are you sure? It might be messy that way." 

"I know," he said "It's hard to explain, and I don't know why...but... you being frustrated about it, and not asking, it's what I want too. I want you to do it. I like that you think of it that way."

"What way?" I said, feeling my panties getting wet.

"That I'm licking you clean, especially now that I know you do it on purpose."

"You do? " 

"Yes."

I hiked my nightgown up and positioned myself so he could see my panties tight against my pussy. "Do you want to do it now?" I asked.

"Yes," he said. 

I grabbed the gusset of my panties and moved them to the side. I felt the air hit my wet pussy I could tell my lips had also opened up as I spread my legs for him. He smiled when he saw my shaved little pussy and put his hands on the inside my thighs and spread me open more. As he moved closer he put his nose in my pubic hair and inhaled deeply. As he exhaled I could feel his breath on my sensitive skin. "You smell amazing," he said. Just as he moved to lick me for the first time, I pulled away.

"You need to promise," I said.

"Promise what?"

"If I let you taste me before...then you have to lick me afterward too. From now on those are the rules."

"I promise," he said. I smiled and I moved my hips to his mouth. I loved watching him close his eyes and take his first few licks of my pussy, savoring the taste of my soft flesh, knowing how much he craved my unwashed sex. He almost always moaned on those first few licks and this time was no exception. Putting my head back I let him get to work.

"Tell me how I taste," I said while gently moving my hips up and against his mouth, his flat tongue opening me all the way up. He just continued to lick me. "Tell me," I said again.

He paused and said "You taste like my sexy hot wife," then put his tongue back inside me.

"What else?"

"Sweet...and salt. You exercised today," he whispered. And I had. I loved that he could taste me and know. Just thinking about him eating me after he came inside me was making me more orgasmic, and I almost came as he worked my clit over. But I didn't want it yet and had to pull away.

Leaving my nightgown on I pushed him on his back, pulled his boxers off, and put his cock in my mouth for just a second to get him wet. Then I stood up over him, lifting the front of my nightgown so he could look at my pussy, his face was wet with my juice. Ten minutes ago I could never have said this but something had changed, "You're going to eat this after you cum inside me," I said as I sat down on him.

I positioned him between my outer lips and ground my clit up and down his cock. After all this talk, and then him tasting my pussy, I knew he wasn't going to last long, so I put him inside me. I rode him very slowly at first, trying to repeat the feeling of him first entering me, but he soon grabbed my hips and set a faster pace, rising his hips to meet mine. My breasts were bouncing in my nightgown, my nipples hard, rubbing against the fabric of my nightgown. He felt amazing, but I couldn't stop thinking about his mouth soon being on my little wet fucked pussy, and then suddenly the time had come as he was shooting inside of me. I moaned as he came, having to suppress my own orgasm again as I felt his warmth spreading inside me. I slowed down, but continued to slowly ride him as he softened. Stopping to catch my breath; I pulled my nightgown over my head, freeing my breasts. With him still inside me I looked down at him, having already cum I could tell he was having second thoughts. 

Tightening my muscles and placing my hand between my legs I squeezed my lips together as I slowly rose off him. While I wasn't that wet outside, I felt some juice between my pussy and my ass. I curiously slipped my middle finger between my lips and felt the slick wetness I had imagined him licking from me so many times.

I looked down at him and could tell he was nervous. I contemplated asking if he still wanted to do it, but 'he promised' I thought to myself, 'and I deserve it after all this time'. Regardless, I wanted him to do it. Crawling up with my hand over my pussy I reached his chest and stopped. Suddenly I wanted him to see me, to see what he was going to be licking. "Look first," I said, leaning back as I used two fingers to spread my lips so he could see how wet I was. I watched him below me staring intently at my pussy. He looked up at me, waiting, and just as I felt some start to drip out I moved above his mouth and forcefully placed my fucked pussy on is mouth. Closing my eyes I settled in, my two lips easily sliding and spreading over his lips. And suddenly there was his tongue.

"Oh god Mark...that's it...lick me," I whispered to him. I tried to take my time and enjoy the moment, but this tongue felt so good, it was no use. Soon I was grinding my pussy on his mouth with abandon. I had waiting so long for this. "Oh my god!" I said as I continued to move my hips back and forth, pushing what was inside me out and onto his tongue. My thighs were soon wet and I knew I was making a mess, but I didn't care. I screamed out as my orgasm hit, squeezing my legs together as he anchored on my hard clit, lightly sucking and not letting go. It had been so long since he made me cum, and I had just ridden his mouth to the best orgasm of my life.

He continued to gently lick me as I came down. I remained on his mouth for a minute, afraid to see how wet his face was. I finally lifted up and saw his mouth and cheeks were not only red from my grinding, but slick from our combined juices. I loved seeing it there, and by the way he looked at me I knew he didn't mind it either. I reached back to grab his cock and unbelievably he was hard again. Clearly he had enjoyed it too. My post orgasm fears now gone, I leaned back away from his face and looking down at him said "That was amazing." 

"Yea it was," he said.

"Thank you for that," I said wiping both sides of his mouth with my thumbs, but not climbing off, "This is going to change a lot for us."

"You're welcome," he said "I hope it does."

"Did you get it all?" I asked playfully while looking down at my pussy and running my fingers over my now puffy lips. They were still wet, juice collecting on my fingertips. "Nope, still a mess." I said rubbing my wife fingers together. I looked at him more seriously, "When we do this, just because I cum doesn't mean you're done. I want you to lick me completely clean me so I'm not wet all night. Do you understand?"

"Yes."

"I'll be gentler this time," I said smiling again to him as a moved back over his mouth. I placed my hand on his head and my fingers in his hair, meticulously guiding him. We started at my left and then rights thigh as he carefully licked where my thigh had been rubbing again his wet cheeks. Soon I moved him in to the gap between my thighs and my outer lips. Eventually I brought my hips up, placing his flat tongue at the base of my pussy and slowly but repeatedly driving it through to my clit. Finally I moved up and guided him to my wet little ass. "That feels so good Mark," I said having him gently rim me a few minutes. "One last thing," I said moving the opening of my pussy right over his mouth. "I want you to suck right there," I said, soon feeling the suction of his mouth on my flesh. I pushed what was left inside me into his mouth; his hard cock was proof enough that he loved cleaning me; that he loved this too. 

I finally climbed off and snuggled next to him, knowing we would be repeating this many times. I felt so relieved that I no longer felt frustrated with him, but also that he didn't have to worry about making me cum before he did, that I could always have him take care of me afterward.

As we both started to fall asleep he turned to me and said "I love you." 

"I love you too," I said. I could smell my pussy on his face, and knew he would be hard all night thinking of me.