 My dinner date was in an hour.  I couldn’t decide between the simple black dress that hugged all my curves, or the white dress that looks fairly conservative.  Gavin, the man I was seeing tonight, is a real estate developer.  I’d met him once or twice through friends and wasn’t sure how to go.  With a shock of inspiration, I went with the conservative white dress.  Underneath it, though, was another story.

Looking in the mirror, I was satisfied.  White makes me look so innocent, when underneath I’m all fire.  Perfect for tonight.  I was feeling sexy and like I needed to stir up a little trouble.

Gavin rang the bell at exactly 7:00.  I grabbed my purse and opened the door.  Yep, white was definitely the right choice.  Gavin’s gorgeous blue eyes about popped out of his head.  The drive to the restaurant in his car was filled with lots of sexual tension.  He kept stealing glances at me from the side.  For my part, I kept moving around so my skirt slid higher up my thigh.  When we got to the restaurant, Gavin opened my door for me and was treated to an enticing view of my breasts down the neck of my dress.

Dinner was ordered and drinks were flowing.  The conversation was just taking an interesting turn when dinner arrived.  As I nibbled on the end of a bread stick, Gavin finally broke the ice.

“You know you are driving me crazy, don’t you?”

Looking the bright-eyed innocent, I rolled my tongue around the end of the bread stick before taking the tip slowly in my mouth.

“Crazy? Me?”

“Yes, you.  You look amazing.  You look sexy as hell, and now you’re making me hard as a rock with that bread stick.  That isn’t friendly.”

I leaned over the table slightly so Gavin could see down the front of my dress.

“No, not being friendly would be to get you wound and do nothing about it.  What I do about it depends on you.”

I think for the first time, Gavin realized just what was in store for him tonight. 

“What do you mean, it depends on me?”

“Tell me what you want and maybe I’ll do it.”

“Anything?”

I smiled and licked my lips.
“Anything.  Only, one condition, Gavin. You have to tell me now what you want me to do later.”

I took a sip of my wine, rolling my tongue along the edge of the glass and then slipping it over the edge.  

Gavin looked around, checking to see if anyone else was close enough to hear him.  

“What I want... I want to see you open that little white dress of yours, but not take it off.  I like you in white.  I want to see what you have on underneath that dress and then rip it off you.  I’m going to sit back and watch you take my cock, which is rock hard now, between those naughty red lips of yours and suck it.”

I was feeling my own juices flowing now.  I loved being in an expensive restaurant and having Gavin tell me what he wanted.  I was getting excited.

“Is that all you want?  Don’t you want to fuck my pussy until I scream your name?”

Gavin took a gulp of wine.

“When you’re done sucking my cock, I want to suck your tits and then suck your pussy making you cum for me.  Then I’m going to turn you over on all fours and fuck your pussy until you cum over and over again.”

“Mmmm I like that.  Let’s eat and then get the hell out of here.”

We finished dinner in silence, eating quickly.  The check was paid in one swoop with a tip for the waiter that left him speechless.  Gavin walked me out of the restaurant, his hand on the small of my back.  I was so aroused I was wondering how I had managed to keep the juices from flowing down my legs.  The bulge in his pants was getting huge and he was using me as a shield to cover it as we left.  The drive in the car was silent as we drove back to my place.

As we walked in, I told Gavin to sit on the couch.  Sitting in the middle, his eyes never left mine.

“You said you wanted me to open my dress but not take it off.”

I stood there and slowly unbuttoned the front of my dress.  I watched him as each button came undone.  Slowly, I was revealing to him what I had underneath.  Gavin moaned as he realized what was under my conservative white dress.  Opening the dress, I stood there letting him take it in.  My large breasts were pushed together in a faint pink demi bra that had the tops spilling out.  Down around my waist was a matching pink garter belt, the long side snaps attached to nude-colored stockings. The only other accessory were my shoes, white pumps with three-inch heels.  My pussy was bare and neatly trimmed.  

“Didn’t you want to do something now? Like rip off what was underneath my dress?”

Barely finding his voice, Gavin struggled to get out that he’d rather leave it on me now. I smiled and walked towards him. Slowly kneeling in front of him, I ran my hands up his thighs.  Through his pants, I could feel the muscles in his legs.  He was tense and getting more and more worked up.  

“You wanted to watch me suck your cock, didn’t you?  Tell me what you want me to do, Gavin. Tell me and I’ll do it.”

Gavin was having trouble talking but he managed to get it out.

“Unzip my pants.... now, take my cock in your hands... ohhhh.... that’s it.  Squeeze my cock.... ohhhh yeaaa... roll your tongue around the tip. Oh shit!  Suck me, baby, suck my cock.... Ohhhh fuccckkkk!”

As Gavin told me what to do, I did it.  Unzipping his pants, his cock was straining to be released.  When I finally slipped my hand inside and wrapped it around him, he was hard and huge.  His cock was thick and pulsing.  I wrapped my hands around the base of his cock and slowly squeezed up and down, stroking him gently.  Gavin was moaning and trying to tell me what to do next.   Leaning over, I slowly rolled the tip of my tongue around the head of his cock.  Moving in small circles, I swirled around him, tasting his muskiness.

Gavin was pushing himself out away from the couch as my mouth closed around him and slowly sucked his cock.  Gavin moaned and told me to suck it harder as my lips moved up and down his shaft, squeezing tight around his cock.  I could feel his cock pulsing in my mouth as I sucked harder and harder.  Slipping him out of my mouth, I licked the underside of his cock and then squeezed the tip again with my lips.

Up and down his cock, I bobbed my head.  My hair fell forward and Gavin pushed it back, wanting to watch my mouth cover his cock.

“Suck it, baby... ohhh fuckkk yeaaaa... suck it harder.  Ohhh shiiittttt!  Oh suck it... I’m gonna cummmm..... Ohhhhh fucccckkkk!”

My mouth closed down hard on his cock and I pushed all the way down to the base.  His cock pulsed in my mouth and then I felt his hot cum shoot down my throat.  I moaned and sucked harder and faster, swallowing every last drop.  I kept sucking even after he was done cumming, sucking his cock gently.

Looking up from his lap, licked my lips and smiled.

“What’s next, Gavin? What do you want me to do next?”

This time Gavin smiled.  

“Come here, sit on my lap.... Mmmm, your pussy is hot.  I’m gonna suck your tits and then I’m going to eat your pussy.”

Gavin pulled me close to him.  His mouth covered my left nipple through my bra and sucked.  I moaned and arched my back, pushing my breast against him.  His tongue twirled around my nipple.  Grabbing my bra with his hands, he pushed it down, my breasts spilling out. Gavin’s tongue circled one nipple and then the other.  Pushing my breasts together, he flicked each nipple and then sucked them both into his mouth.  I moaned and begged him not to stop.  

“Stand up.”

I stood on the couch, my heels sinking into the cushions.  Gavin grabbed my ass, holding me to him and I moaned as I felt his tongue push against my pussy.  I wrapped my hands around his head, holding on and holding him against me.  Gavin’s tongue slipped in and out of my pussy, licking my lips and then diving back into me. 

“Ohhhh  eat me.... eat my pussy..... mmmmmm...  suck me..... yesssss!”

Gavin’s mouth covered my pussy.  His tongue found my clit and teased it before he pulled it between his lips and sucked hard on my erect nub.  I could see myself in the mirror on the wall.  Standing on the couch, Gavin’s head buried in my pussy.  I moaned and begged for him to make me cum.  Sliding one hand away from my ass, Gavin slipped a finger deep inside my tight pussy and stroked me as his tongue licked me.  I moaned, calling out his name as my orgasm ripped through me.  My cum covered his face and Gavin kept licking.

Finally, he pulled me down to sit in his lap.  My legs were weak.  His cock was hard again between us.

“Now, Clohi, I’m going to fuck the hell out of you.”

Lifting me up with his hands on my ass, Gavin lowered me onto his cock.  I moaned as his thick tool split me, pushing up inside me.  

“So fucking tight.... oh fuck that feels so good.”

Gavin was telling me how tight my pussy was around his cock, how wet I felt.  Slowly, he bounced me up and down on his cock.  I moaned and grabbed his shoulders.  Up and down I bounced, his cock pushing deeper and deeper into me.
I came quickly, squeezing my pussy muscles around his cock.

“Now I’m gonna ... ohhh fuckkkk... fuck you the way..... shittt.... you’re meant to be fucked.”

Lifting me off his cock, Gavin pushed me up as he stood.  He was still fully dressed.  Pushing me over the arm of the chair, Gavin slipped his hands down between my legs, opened my pussy and rammed his cock hard up inside me.  I moaned and pushed back against him.  My breasts were swinging back and forth as he fucked me from behind.  His hands were grabbing my ass, digging into me as his cock rammed deeper and deeper inside me.  

“Fuck me!  Fuck me harder!!!”

Gavin was moaning and pushing and I was pushing back against him.  My pussy tightened and my orgasm took over.  I yelled his name as Gavin thrust his cock inside me and then erupted inside me.  He pulled out, his hot cum spurting on my ass.

“Now, we get naked and I fuck you all over again.”

We fucked and sucked all night and then in the morning, Gavin made a list of things he wanted to do to me next time.  The list is very interesting, including watching me have an orgy.  This could be the start of a beautiful relationship.