 My girlfriend had gone away for a couple of days to her parents to tend with some family business.

Whilst she was away, she’d given me a list of things that needed to be done, both around the house, and things that I had to get.

One of the things that I’d been requested to do, was to go and collect some of her CDs from a close friend of ours.

I went around to Sam’s house on Thursday evening after work, and knocked at the door - there was no answer. So, before I left, I knocked again just in case.

Again, no answer. However, just as I was leaving, I heard a noise at the door, and it swung open. There stood a rather frantic Sam, she stood there in the doorway with a dressing gown, and bare feet.

“I’m sorry!” she blurted out “I’m going out this evening, and was just getting ready. I had completely forgotten that you were coming round. Please, come in”

I turned around & walked up to Sam. As I went to kiss her cheek, she turned her head, and we kissed square on the lips, and we had a quick hug. I closed the door behind me, and she led me through to her kitchen. I tried to not read too much into what had happened, but being as attracted to Sam as I was, it wasn’t easy!

She filled a kettle, and started to make a cup of tea for us both.

I watched her long blonde hair wave as she moved quickly around her kitchen, and started to day dream of snuggling up next to her, breathing in the smell of that hair.

“Listen, I don’t want to hold you up” I started “please go & get ready & I’ll bring a cup of tea through to you”

She looked up “That would be great” she said, her wonderful smile starting a stirring between my legs.

She went out of the kitchen & into her room, but didn’t close the door.

As I stood waiting for the kettle to boil, I glanced through to her room, and noticed that the far wall was a huge mirror. I watched as I waited, and kept catching glimpses of wandering around her room, naked, and I could feel the pressure in my trousers growing.
Just then I was startled by the loud click from the kettle as it finished boiling, so I finished making the cups of tea, and headed towards Sam’s room with hers.

As I got to the door, I knocked on the frame “Is it okay if I come in?” I asked.

“Of course!” Sam replied. As I entered, my eyes just about popped out of their sockets… 

Sam was standing there, wearing what can only be described as a piece of thread as a G-string, and a bra that wasn’t much bigger! She had on some hold up stockings, and was struggling to zip up one of her knee length pvc boots.

“Can you give me a hand with this please. It seems to be stuck, and I can’t get it going.” She asked woefully.

I put down the cup of tea, and knelt down next to her. I had a look, but I was at the wrong angle to get it moving. I moved around, and knelt down behind her. I was acutely aware how close my head was to her gorgeous backside, and I was finding it very uncomfortable kneeling there with a hard on raging between my legs.

Then, to make matters worse, Sam leant forward and put her hands on her bed to support herself. I glanced up, and right there, so close I could kiss it, was her pussy. Her labia were parted slightly by the string  that had slipped between them.

I sighed, and got back on with the job in hand. Moments later, I freed the zip and her calf was encased in the shiny black pvc.

Sam stood back up, and she turned around. She gave me another quick hug, and kissed me again. She then paused, and looked into my eyes “Did that turn you on as much as it did me?” she whispered.

I smiled and said nothing. That is until I felt Sam’s hand cup my testicles, and then I felt a finger run along the length of my swollen member.

“I’ll take that as a yes then” she whispered.

Sam then took a step backwards and then slowly peeled down her G-string. Slowly she stood back up & then she edged backwards until she reached her bed. Slowly she sat down, the whole time keeping eye contact with me.

She then edged backwards up the bed, writhing her body as she did so, until she had her head on her pillows.

I just stood there, gazing into her eyes, transfixed.

Sam reclined, and purposefully spread her legs wide apart. She reached under one of her pillows, and when her hand came back out she was clutching a large, black vibrator.
She watched me intently, looking for a reaction from me, but I just stood there, looking. Carefully she guided the black toy to her vagina, her lips now obviously swollen, and by the way the vibrator slid almost effortlessly between her legs, she was very wet. She arched her back slightly as the mass penetrated her, and filled her completely, and she drew a large breath.

”How much further do I have to go to get your cock inside me?” she whispered.

I said nothing, and just smiled at her, enjoying every second of the performance she was giving me.

She gave me a smile, before switching the toy on. As the vibrations filled her incredible body, she arched her back more, and closed her eyes, gasping. Firmly she rammed the mass in and out of her crotch, her moisture making a wonderful sound each time the toy rammed home inside her.

With her spare hand she ran her fingers down over her firm, flat stomach over her smooth mound, until her middle finger found it’s target, and she frantically rubbed her swollen clitoris. 

She moaned and gasped rhythmically as the sensations between her legs drove her wild, and I watched her every move. 

She started to lose control, and I watched avidly as her body twitched and tensed as she ground herself nearer and nearer to her peak. 

Sam then arched her back wildly and shuddered, her legs twitching wildly, as she groaned loudly, her body reaching a huge climax there in front of me. 

Slowly the shuddering subsided, and as she slipped the toy from between her legs, she went limp, gasping.

For some time she lay there, panting heavily, before she raised her head. 

As her eyes focussed on me, she realised that I was now standing there naked, my cock like a truncheon, pointing straight at her.

Sam just smiled. 

I moved up to the bed, and got on to it, kneeling between her splayed legs. 

“Just fuck me; that’s all I want” she sighed “I just want to feel your hot cum deep in my belly”

I moved up over her, and I felt both of her hands close gently around my throbbing cock. Sam pulled me to her, and as I pushed my cock to her, she guided it into her awaiting pussy. I gave one thrust, and slid my entire length into her up to the hilt. She closed her eyes and gasped. 

I bent down and kissed her softly and she responded. Our bodies started to move together, and I felt her fingernails claw into my buttocks.

She pulled me to her with every thrust, making my cock force it’s way deep inside her with every stroke.

Sam closed her eyes, and as I started to really ram into her, she linked her pvc clad legs around my back and held on. 

I fucked her as hard as I dared, and she gasped with every thrust I made into her. Sam groaned louder and louder as her body started to twitch again, when suddenly she shuddered under me. I felt her pussy pulsate around my swollen cock, and Sam gasped aloud as she climaxed again.

I kept hammering away at her, and I was not far behind. I could feel the sensations growing, and moments later I shuddered myself, feeling my cock expand yet more, as I thrust deeply into her, my thick cum being injected deep inside her gorgeous body.
We both breathlessly came down from our climaxes, and lay there, together, limp. I slipped from between her legs, exhausted, and Sam just moaned softly.

“God almighty” Sam sighed finally

“You certainly know how to turn a bloke on!” I said, smiling at her.

“Really, I’d never have guessed!” she said sarcastically.