 I slink towards you, my eyes fogged with lust. My hands touch your smooth chest; I can feel your muscles tighten under my fingers and I am immediately excited at the effect I have over you. I have to steel myself from gripping you too hard, but all I want to do is grab your body. I continue touching you, moving my hands to your stomach. My nails graze your skin and you moan a little. It is time for your shirt to come off and I am salivating at the sight of your toned chest and shoulders. I can smell your desire for me and I am instantly intoxicated. My fingers make invisible lines down your shoulders and arms before coming to rest on your belt. I give it a playful tug but whisper that we will come back to that later. 

I raise my hands to touch your face, and trace a finger over your lips. I bite my own just thinking of what those lips are going to taste like. I touch your hair and neck. Your arms entwine me and my knees suddenly feel like jello. My heart is racing as you lean your head down and your mouth touches mine. I moan a little...your lips are soft and sweet. Your tongue pushes my mouth open further and I am almost dizzy from your kiss. Your hands are moving all over my body. I am desperately trying to remember how your fingers feel on my skin, but my head is spinning and my body is screaming with exhilaration. My hands return to your chest and your kiss deepens as I touch you. Suddenly all I can think of is how much I want to feel your skin against mine. Your velvet-like hands come to rest on my lower back and you pull me closer. 

I am quivering with need for you. Your mouth presses against my neck and I feel your teeth sink ever so gently into my flesh. I whimper and my nails scrape against your bare chest. You pull away from me long enough to remove my top. My bra is unclasped and sliding to the floor before I even know it. Suddenly I am shy and embarrassed, and turn my body slightly from you. I feel your warm breath on my ear as you whisper that I am beautiful and sexy. I can hear your voice tremble a little as you huskily declare how much you want me, need me. Our lips meet again and we kiss long and hard as you guide me back to your bed. You playfully push me onto the soft mattress. This show of force only arouses me further. You grab my leg and slowly run your moist tongue from my ankle to my thigh. I feel a tingling between my outstretched limbs and moan at the feel on your tongue on my skin. You chuckle and move on to my other leg. I am on fire now and almost pleading for you to take me. Your tongue travels slowly up to my panties, where you plant light kisses down to my crotch. I am almost crying from the incredible sensation of your mouth. 

I whimper again and you move up to my stomach. Your fingers find my nipples, and you begin to squeeze and massage them. I beg you to stop teasing, but I know you are enjoying yourself too much. Your tongue swirls around my breasts and your hand moves down to press against my now wet crotch. I feel I am going to pass out, I am so close to orgasm. My breathing is short and ragged and I can no longer talk. You slide back down to my panties. Your teeth grab the front and glide them past my toes. My legs fall open and you climb between them. I am beyond aching now and you assure me the teasing is over. I gasp the first time you lick me. Your face burrows into my pussy, licking harder and faster. I am lost in oblivion as your tongue moves in and out of me. 

You find my spot and attack it with a vengeance. I am breathing harder and moaning your name. My thighs tense up around your head and my first orgasm washes over me like a wave. I cry out as you lick faster, my hips bucking into your face. I am barely through my first when a second orgasm slams into me. My legs become limp and I let out a long sigh. I am temporarily satisfied, but I am still fantasizing about how you will feel inside me, making love to me. You kiss your way back up to my lips and, with a wink, whisper that I was absolutely delicious.