 'You're going to be fun. You're going to be fun. You're going to be fun.' Her words repeated themselves over and over again in my head as Kara and I rode the shuttle bus back to the freshman quad. 'Temptation, thy name is Ashley Donovan.' What the fuck was that supposed to mean? Was that why there seemed to be so much tension between Richey and Ashley? But what was Ashley talking about? I couldn't quite shake the feeling of dread that permeated my thinking. 

"Baby, what's the matter?" Kara asked. Despite her drunken condition, she could tell something was wrong when I dodged her attempts to kiss me. "Do I have," she paused, looking like she was going to be sick for a moment before she let out a very unladylike burp and appeared to feel better, "do I have bad breath or something?" 

I snapped back to reality, flashing a tired smile. "Of course not," I lied. Her breath was laden with beer, but I'm sure mine couldn't have been much more fragrant. "I'm just tired is all."

A look of extreme disappointment came over her pixie face. "So, we aren't going to fool around when we get back to your room?" She was suddenly quite sober. 

"I don't know, sweetheart, probably not. I'm not really in the mood right now." This was certainly true; sex was the last thing on my mind at this point. I just wanted to sleep, maybe not alone, but sleep nonetheless. She pouted, taking my arm and pulling herself closer on the bench seat. 

"Are you sure you're all right, Danny?" her voice was heavy with concern. I didn't answer as the shuttle came to a stop at the freshman quad. We exited and made our way to my dorm, attempting to walk in as much of a straight line as we could manage. We needn't have worried however; being a Friday night, we were hardly the only inebriated students walking, or stumbling, about campus. I signed her in as nonchalantly as I could, though it had to have been painfully obvious to the RA's that we were drunk. Thankfully, you couldn't be busted for that. We made it up to my room to find my roommate, Eric, on his computer trolling YouTube. 

"Hey Eric," Kara grumbled. I couldn't decide if her exhaustion or frustration was the reason for such a weak greeting. She kicked off her shoes and slipped into my bathroom flip-flops, grabbed her spare toothbrush and my toothpaste and left again. Eric and I exchanged dubious looks. I shrugged and changed, waiting for Kara to come back with my flip-flops and paste. Trust me when I say, you did not want to go to the bathroom in your bare feet. She returned a couple minutes later and I took her place. When I came back to the room, the lights were off and Kara was in my bed.

I climbed in with her and immediately felt her arms wrap around my neck. "Don't make me ask again. What's wrong, Daniel," she said softly in my ear. 

"It's nothing," I replied, with more aggravation than she deserved. 

She breathed out through her nose in annoyance and pulled me tighter, "I'm going to get it out of you eventually. You're lucky it's late and I'm drunk and I'm sexually frustrated and I don't want to deal with it right now." 

I snorted and kissed her, curling against her body, "Sorry."

"Don't worry," she sighed contentedly, pressing back against me. "You can make it up to me tomorrow." 

"Oh yeah?" I prompted, lightly kissing her cheek. 

"Yeah, you can make it up to me good and hard," she murmured sleepily. Suddenly, sleep was the farthest thing from my mind. The words of Ashley and Richey faded from my mind, replaced by the idea of making it up to Kara. 

I slipped a hand between us, running it up and down her stomach, closer and closer to her little sleep shorts. "Good and hard you say?" 

She sighed happily, yawning, "Yeah, but tomorrow." Either she knew exactly what she was doing, driving me crazy, or she was much more drunk and exhausted than I had thought. Kara never ever turned down sex of one form or another, ever; so this was unusual. I sighed, pushing my urges away and letting unconsciousness take over. 

Over the course of the next week, I was continually horrified to see how close Kara and Ashley had become. I couldn't just say 'baby stop hanging out with her, she gives me the creeps' now could I? No. I had to sit idly by and watch as they became fast friends. 

"Danny," Kara had called one day, "Ashley and I are going to the mall, you want to come with?" 

"Uhh, no thanks, sweetheart."

"Oh come on! I'll buy you ice cream." I did love my ice cream. 

"What am I, a little kid? Next time, I promise." She had sighed and hung up. As it turned out, next time was to be the very next day. 

"But baby!" she whined at my objections. "You said you would come with next time we went." We were in her room, sitting on her bed.

I hesitated, "I just don't want to." 

"That's not a good reason. What are you going to do with yourself instead?"

"Fine!" 

"Yay," she preened, triumphant. She kissed me to make it seem like it would all be worth it. It was not. 

"Oo, Mr. Valentine, you're coming with us this time?" Ashley's husky voice chimed in from the doorway. The door was propped open to help cool the room down. I narrowed my eyes suspiciously as she sashayed towards us. God almighty she was attractive! She grinned disarmingly and tossed herself on the bed next to us, stretching like a provocative cat.

"You don't always have to use my last name, Ashley," I told her.

"Yeah, but I love your last name. I just can't help myself." She was looking at me in a way I really, really didn't like; and the fact that she had stretched so I could see down her shirt didn't help one bit. Kara, on my other side, saw none of this. 

"Ashley," Kara chirped, drawing Ashley's attention away from me, "I was thinking we could show Danny what we found the other day." 

A huge grin came over her face as her attention slowly made its way back to me, "I was hoping you would say that." Her grin was downright predatory as she spoke. How could Kara not see this?! I wanted to scream! She flipped her shit when I smiled and acted polite to her roommate, but when her new best friend was eye fucking the shit out of me, she didn't bat an eye. God this was frustrating! 

"Ok then, let's go," I said. Jumping off the bed and heading for the door, I forced them to run after me. 

"Did you tell him what we found?" Ashley asked Kara. I guess she was surprised I wanted to get going so quickly. 

Kara seemed equally confused, "No, but I did promise him ice cream. Maybe he wants that." 

I looked back out of the corner of my eye and Ashley was nodding sagely, "Yeah that makes sense." 

Girls. 

We piled into Kara's car and drove down the street to the mall. Being a college town, everything a student could ever want was less than 5 miles away, and I mean everything. Anyways, we parked and proceeded to wander around the mall for a bit, until Kara got me my ice cream. With a smile now fixed on my face, they determined it was time to make their move. I was led, happily eating my frosty treat, farther into the mall to a seasonal beachwear boutique. To be honest, I didn't realize what was going on until they stopped in the middle of the women's section. In a particularly cruel twist of fate, I finished my ice cream at that point. 

Now, you might be wondering: why in the world would a hot blooded male, such as myself, complain about watching two beautiful ladies try on swimwear? Well, I knew what Kara looked like in a bikini; I knew what she looked like naked. I did not want or need to see Ashley in one. Don't take it the wrong way, I loved every bit of Kara, but Ashley's body, oh my god! Her curves alone were devastating. I would be totally screwed if Kara caught me drooling over her. 

I must have been standing there gaping like an idiot, because when Ashley put a hand on my shoulder it nearly made me scream like a little girl. 

"Whoa, jumpy much?" she giggled way too girlishly. 

"Danny! What do you think?" Kara chirped happily, standing behind a rack of bikinis and holding one up for my approval. It was a bright floral pattern thing that looked just right for her. I nodded distractedly, eyeing Ashley's hand with unrestrained contempt. Kara went back to examining the top while Ashley gave my shoulder a squeeze and smirked. 

"I'll make sure to pick out a nice one for you, Valentine," she said quietly. She liked my last name way too much. She took her hand away and circled the rack we stood in front of, scrutinizing the various bikinis. 

"Fuck my life," I muttered under my breath, wandering around until I found a place to sit. Ironically, that seat was right outside the dressing rooms. I sat for a moment or two, staring sullenly into my empty ice cream cup and waiting for one of them to pick something to try on. I didn't have to wait long thankfully, really a miracle in and of itself. Kara raced around the corner and skidded to a halt in front of me, barely able to contain her excitement.

"Look! Isn't it cute?" she squealed. 

I blinked in disbelief, it was a Hello Kitty bikini set. "Raid the kiddy section did we?"

"Shut up! It's cute!" she stamped her foot and glared at me. I couldn't help but laugh.

"It's adorable, Kara," I quickly redeemed myself.

"That's right it is," she said, grinning at me before running into one of the dressing rooms. I couldn't help but smile, she was so cute. My smiled disappeared faster than a crude stereotype at a pc convention when Ashley sauntered up to me. 

"Found what you were looking for?" I asked icily. She was hiding something behind her back.

"I think so," she purred, backing into one of the rooms so I couldn't see what she had. Christ! I would wait for Kara to show me what she looked like, and then I would hightail it out of here before Ashley came out. I was quite a while before Kara reappeared, very nearly throwing herself out the changing room door and striking a pose. It fit her surprisingly well, even if it did make her look like she was twelve years old. 

I told her as much and she pouted, "Listen you! This is wicked cute and I do not look like I'm twelve!" I smiled, standing up in front of her, taking her shoulders and slowly spinning her around. When I had spun her full circle, I stood back and scratched my chin, scrutinizing her. She narrowed her eyes at me and stood there, just waiting for me to say the wrong thing. 

I noticed this just before I was about to say it made her look twelve again. "I love it!" She beamed up at me before scampering back into the changing room. I watched her go and got lost in her scantily clad butt. Too late I realized I was supposed to get the hell out of there. I turned and started making a break for it when a kung-fu grip seized the back of my shirt. 

"And where do you think you're going?" Ashley breathed in my ear. I could feel her big tits squashing against my back as she pulled me into her. I shrugged out of her arms and tried to continue walking. Which is why getting shoved back onto the bench came as such a shock. I was forced to look up at her now. I had been right; she was stunning, and so tall. I forced myself to look at her stomach, figuring it was her least 'stimulating' feature. I was wrong. It was tight and hard and perfect. I still focused on it though; the rest of her was way too hot to look at. 

"You're being rude," she whispered, possibly not wanting Kara to hear. And much to my dismay, she took my chin in her hand and forced me to look up. She could have been naked for all the good that top did for her. It was black, it was too small, and it was sexy as hell. The bottoms were no better; they possessed the same qualities as the top. Her feral smile returned as she saw my eyes go wide and my jaw descend.

"That's better," she moved closer, tugging on her bottoms with one hand, and her top with the other. Her nipples were blatantly erect and seemed to point at me accusingly. I was in shock, totally incapable of looking away from her porn-star body. However, when she attempted to straddle my lap, I snapped out of it and pushed her away. She didn't go very far. Anger flashed behind her eyes, and I could see her nearly naked body tense like she was about to hit me. This passed quickly thank god; she could probably have beaten the crap out of me. Instead, she smiled and blew me a very seductive kiss as she backed into the stall, pulling her top off just as the door closed.

"Oh my god," I breathed. My heart was pounding against my ribs and I was sweating. Unfortunately, these symptoms were not nearly as disturbing as the unwanted stiffness in my shorts. As soon as Ashley's door clicked shut, Kara came out of hers with a huge smile on her face. Had they coordinated this or something? The timing was perfect. 

"I'm so getting this!" she told me happily. She stopped midway between the room and the bench I was sitting on as she noticed my obvious arousal. For a second I thought she would question why I was hard for no apparent reason and perhaps put two and two together. But no, this was not the case. 

"Mm, is that for me?" she purred, biting her lip and sauntering up to me, wrapping her arms around my neck. I was still sitting, so I was about eye level with her tits. I knew this, not because I could see them, but because my face was promptly forced into them. "I thought you didn't like my Hello Kitty bikini?" I managed to get out something about being smothered and she let me go. Maneuvering into my lap, she looked down into my eyes and grinned seductively. 

"Yes, totally for you," I smiled, giving her a light kiss on the side of her mouth, drawing her in for more. 

She sighed longingly, shifting her hips over my lap, "Bad boy, you know better than to do this to me in public."

"Do I?"

She gave me a mischievous look and looped her arms around my neck, "I certainly hope so. Otherwise, well, let's just say I'll have to make sure you understand."

I gave her a shocked look, "Kara Devine! Are trying to say you'll teach me a lesson?" I had been waiting for this actually, ever since I had 'punished' her for forgetting about a late night rendezvous, and claimed to be teaching her a lesson. Her answer was to squeeze me tightly and kiss me hard, grinding herself into my crotch. 

"I think I like this idea," I groaned, pushing up against her. 

"What Idea?" Ashley chirped, stepping out of her dressing room. Kara scrambled out of my lap, her knee catching me dangerously close to the family jewels in the process. I yelped and held my crotch like she had actually hit me there to cover up my much too obvious hard-on. I thought I was very clever for doing this by the way. 

"Oh, baby, I'm sorry!" Kara squeaked, flustered. She sat on the bench next to me and pulled me into her, rocking me like some kind of injured infant. 

While all this was happening, Ashley just stood there grinning like you do when you see something that's too ridiculous to be true. But, at last, I discovered my out.

"Babe," I whispered in Kara's ear, "get me back to your room." One of my hands had become trapped between our bodies and I used it to squeeze her thigh while giving her a look that said 'I want you, and I want you hard'. She had pulled this move on numerous occasions, but I had never returned the favor and I was praying it would work. She sucked in her breath, and her eyes went desperate as she looked from me to Ashley then back again. 

"Did you find what you wanted, Ashley?" she asked quickly, grabbing up her bikini where it had been dropped on the floor. 

"Uhh, I kinda wanted to-"

"We can come back tomorrow," Kara cut her off, shooting to her feet and grabbing my hand, very nearly dragging me after her as she hustled out of the changing area. I was rushed up to the counter where Kara hopped from foot to foot as the cashier wrung up her purchase. 

By this time Ashley had wandered up behind us empty handed, "Now, why would she be in such a hurry?" She knew the answer of course. 

"Beats me. Maybe she has to pee," I suggested. Ashley looked at me like I was an idiot; this from the girl who thought I had come with them for the ice cream. 

Kara suddenly seized my hand again, hauling me out of the store and towards the end of the mall where we had parked. Ashley tagged along behind us, an amused smirk on her face. This was insane and hilarious all at the same time.

"Shit Kara, you're going to break my arm," I complained after she took a particularly sharp corner, twisting my arm. 

She let go of my hand and stopped, favoring me with an apologetic smile. "I'm sorry. I'm just a little worked up, that's all." She looked behind me, noticing that Ashley was still out of earshot. "This is your fault though. You know better. You know how I get."

"Well, I certainly will after you teach me a good solid lesson." 

She let out a little pained noise and screwed her eyes shut in frustration for a moment. I really did love my Kara. "Stop it Daniel; you're not making this any easier for me." She took my hand again and squeezed hard, "or yourself, for that matter." 

Her nails dug into my flesh. "Ow! Okay, okay I'm sorry!" 

"Now, stop being a baby and let's go," she commanded. Did I mention how much I loved her? Ashley had caught up by now and had to pick up the pace again as Kara took off once more, dragging me along behind her. We made it out to the car and I couldn't help but smirk as Kara struggled to unlock it. I was riding shotgun and Ashley was sitting directly behind me. 

"You should really be thanking me," she snickered, elbowing me while Kara was distracted. 

I looked at her sidelong, "How do you figure?" 

"The way I see it," she whispered, her gaze shifting between Kara and me, "she wouldn't be all hot and bothered right now if it weren't for me." 

"Excuse me?"

"You know I'm right, Mr. Valentine," she said my name very slowly, and made sure I noticed her tongue enunciating each syllable. She looked me up and down, her eyes lingering on the down part, "It's not my fault you liked my bikini." I looked at her like she was insane. "Oh, don't give me that look," she opened her door as Kara finally unlocked the car. "Smile, you're going to have fun soon." She closed the door behind her and I was left standing by the passenger door in stunned immobility. 

"Dan!" Kara finally yelled, wrenching me back into the present. I sighed and got into the passenger seat, nervous about having Ashley behind me. Kara had to have broken a suburban land speed record driving back to campus, because the next thing I knew we were parked outside Ashley's dorm building. 

"Aww, but we barely got to hang out!" she complained, leaning forward between seats. Deliberately, she placed her head closer to mine than Kara's. She smelled like flowers, and it was intoxicating. 

"Tomorrow I swear, or even later tonight?" Kara formed that sentence into a question because she looked to me for approval. I shook my head vigorously before Ashley could turn to look at me. "Well, maybe late tonight, it is Saturday." I scowled at her, but she simply ignored me.

"Humph, fine," Ashley sighed dejectedly, opening her door. "Later Kara." She paused, "Later, Daniel." I preferred it when she used my last name come to think of it. Ashley got out and closed the door, sauntering off towards the front door. She turned and looked over her shoulder, managing to catch my eye even from that distance. I shuddered, creeped out to the max. When Kara touched my arm I nearly jumped out of my skin. 

"You better calm down, Danny," she cautioned, not fazed in the least by the way I was acting. "How do you expect me to have my way with you while you're all jumpy?" She asked the question so reasonably that I almost answered her. 

I regained my composure quickly, smiling, "Sheesh, what's gotten into you?" 

"Heh," she put the car into gear, "I'm hoping you can answer that for me in a little bit." A few seconds later we were parked behind her building and racing inside like the world was ending. Four stories flew by and we were suddenly at her door, kissing each other so fiercely it was nearly animalistic. She couldn't manage to unlock her door, slamming me against the solid wood in the process. 
