 "I can't believe you live here," I said as the Miami coastline came into view. 

Emily turned towards me with her head tilted. "Hm, what did you say?" She was distracted by the view herself. Her voice was muffled by the droning of the plane's engine. 

"I said you're very beautiful." 

Emily bit her lip and gave me a kiss before turning back to admire the view.

I grinned like an idiot but meant every word. I admired her features in the reflection of the window. I was especially taken by her beautiful brown eyes and smooth brunette hair. 

I leaned in and kissed her shoulder. Her skin felt nice on my lips. This wispy white dress was the most revealing thing she had worn in a while, and she only wore it because we were in Florida in the middle of summer. I was glad the dress ended at her knees. My glance traveled down her calves to her bare feet. 

"Are we gonna have any time to ourselves at your family's estate?" I whispered into her ear.

She giggled. "It's not an estate. You make me sound like an entitled princess."

"Aren't you?" I was referring to the nice condo we shared back in New York and the fact that I bankrolled her shopping habits. 

"Tsk!" She elbowed me, but I could tell she enjoyed the teasing.

She refused to take her eyes off the view of her home. Did she ever consider our place in New York her home? I could never tell how permanent she thought our arrangement was, and I was too afraid to ask.

"I'll take that as a yes." I rested my chin on her shoulder, like a dog begging for attention.

She snorted. "You wish. You're here to meet my family, so get those dirty thoughts out of your head." 

"Mmm, but I love youuuu." I assaulted her with puckered lips. 

She giggled and shoved me away. "Stop it!" She glanced past me to the man sleeping in the aisle seat.

Just then, the pilot announced our landing over the intercom. We buckled up and behaved ourselves, occasionally sneaking playful glances at each other. For now, I would have to admire her beauty from a distance. 

———

Would I really be deprived of Emily's healthy chest and sensuous curves for a whole week? "Why don't we just rent a hotel room?" I had asked. She brushed it off, saying I was just horny. I was too embarrassed to admit it or to proposition her more directly.

I was always a timid person. So timid, in fact, that Emily and I almost didn't end up together. I first met her when she got off the elevator and asked me where the front desk was. I pointed absentmindedly at our office receptionist and admired Emily's strut as she thanked me and continued walking. I later learned that she was the new intern. She was nineteen at the time, a finance major at NYU looking for experience during her summer. I was a twenty-seven-year-old analyst too focused on work to be in a relationship. I had a girlfriend in high school, but we broke up when I moved to New York. My college relationship ended after she moved back to California. I couldn't bring myself to leave New York. I dated no one else until Emily. 

We bonded a lot over that summer. She was as obsessed with the work as I was, so naturally, my boss assigned me as her mentor. I dreaded it at first. How was I supposed to talk to this angel on a daily basis without my voice shaking? But her gaze had a way of calming me down. That and her smile. That damn smile. The way she looked at me made me feel like we were old friends, like she could save me from the darkest pit of despair. I felt as if I were coming home whenever I went to work, as long as I saw her. We were often the only ones in the office after everyone else clocked out. We would order takeout and talk about personal things. Those nights together were the only time I ever exposed my humorous side. Her laughter rang in my head each time I went to bed. 

On the last day of that summer, I was unimaginably sad. But of course, I didn't utter a word about how I felt. I just stood in the elevator with my head hanging down on the way to see her off. As we approached the ground floor, she turned around, pushed me against the wall, and kissed me. We lost our virginities that night on the floor of my living room.

———

I kissed her hand as the taxi raced down the interstate. It was mid-afternoon, and the sunlight hit her face at the perfect angle. 

"They'll love you." She reassured me with that same smile. 

I smiled back and nodded. Nothing from that beautiful mouth could ever be a lie.

We made it just in time for supper. A maid met us at the taxi and took our bags. What was that about not being an entitled princess? We didn't even have the opportunity to step inside the house because dinner took place on the side lawn. Of course it did. 

The chef did a perfectly fine job, but it was nothing compared to a home-cooked meal. I ate dutifully as the usual pleasantries droned on, only speaking when spoken to. This was a large family gathering, and it seemed every Johnson in the fifty states was seated at the elongated table. Cousins, uncles, and sons-in-law who hadn't seen each other in years shielded the introvert in me with their exaggerated stories and overlapping voices. Because of them, I was spared from the dreaded task of explaining how I met Emily or when we would bring back grandchildren. 

"Oh, guess who decided to finally show up!" Mrs. Johnson exclaimed. "And what in the world are you wearing?" 

A young blonde with ripped jeans and a sweater bearing the logo of an outdated rock band sat down at the empty seat across from Emily. Her hair was wavy but cropped just below her ears. I noticed her nose ring right away. 

"What am I, seventy?" 

I nearly choked on my food. She had a point. The rest of the table was filled with people wearing button-up shirts and wool sweaters. Even Emily and I argued over how much gel to put in my hair. "Not a strand out of place," she had said. 

"No, you're a classy young lady who will show some common decency toward our guests," Mrs. Johnson retorted. 

"I'm here, aren't I?" The girl shoved aside her plate containing the salad that was our first course and stuck her spoon into the remaining bowl of mashed potatoes. 

Mrs. Johnson turned to her husband for support, but he merely shrugged. She shook her head and gave up with a sigh. 

"And this is my sister, Lucy." Emily feigned a disapproving look at her sister, but I could tell she was suppressing a grin. 

Lucy gave me a fake smile before returning to her mashed potatoes. 

Emily reached out to grab Lucy's hand. "I missed you, sis."

"Missed me so much that you forgot to visit my room." 

Emily rolled her eyes. "We thought you'd be down here."

"Figured I'd let you guys eat all the garbage first." Lucy scarfed down the rest of the mashed potatoes. 

"What did I do to deserve this? Donald, talk to your daughter." Mrs. Johnson chimed in.

"The food's not garbage. We have a great chef." Mr. Johnson remained buried in his phone. 

"No, that's not what I-" Mrs. Johnson buried her face in her hands. 

Emily snickered loudly, causing her sister to burst out in giggles. Soon, they were chatting and gossiping, catching up like old friends. When the conversation became more exciting and they burst into a raucous laughter, Mrs. Johnson put her foot down. "That's enough! Both of you." 

Emily bit her lip and looked down guiltily, like a child who had been scolded.

Lucy stood up. "Well, it's been fun, family. I'm over it." 

"You won't humor me, will you? Not even for one night." Mrs. Johnson looked up at her younger daughter, shaking her head. 

"Love you, Mom." Lucy kissed her mother on the forehead and skipped off. 

Mrs. Johnson addressed me. "I'm glad you ended up with Em and not the other one." 

"Mom!" 

"What? It's true." 

"She's been like this her whole life. How do you expect to change her?" 

"I'll go talk to her," I suggested. 

"Please! God knows I've tried for years," Mrs. Johnson said. 

I stood up and gave Emily a peck on the cheek. "I'll see you tonight." 

———

I caught up to Lucy walking along the shoreline. I didn't even notice there was a beach there until then. I wasn't sure whether it was part of the Johnsons' property, but I wouldn't put it past them to own part of a beach. Lucy had taken off her sweater and was now sporting a tank top bearing the logo of another outdated band. How meta, I thought. 

"For what it's worth, I don't particularly enjoy this fancy lifestyle either." I walked beside her, hands in my pocket.

"Not much."

"What's not much?" 

"Your opinion. It's not worth much." 

I smiled at her teasing but couldn't come up with a response. 

Luckily, she broke the silence. "Anyway, I find that ironic, since you live in a fancy condo and buy Emily whatever she wants." 

"You know about that?"

"She tells me everything."

"Emily does like to spend." 

"So you admit she's a spoiled brat."

"I'll admit she's from a different place than I am." 

"And what place do you come from?" She stopped walking and turned to me with her head cocked to one side, a sign of genuine curiosity. 

"Just... a different place. Don't worry about it." I shook my head, indicating my intention to move on from the topic. 

"That's ominous." She continued walking. "You're not a drug lord or anything, right?"

I snorted. "Maybe, you never know." 

What was I supposed to say? That I grew up in a trailer park outside Los Angeles? That my parents cooked meth until my dad got another woman pregnant and ran off with her? That my mom raised me by herself until she was arrested for prostitution? Only Emily knew that, and I made her swear never to tell anyone.

"Let me guess. You grew up poor and watched your parents struggle, so you worked hard to make sure you'd never have to go through that again. But you never forget where you came from, so you have a distaste for the high life. Blah blah blah. That about right?" She seemed almost smug.

"It's a bit more complicated than that."

"How so?"

"You don't need to know."

"Maybe I do. I need to know who my sister's dating."

"Emily knows. And she's a big girl. She can take care of herself."

"She obviously can't, if she's dating a drug lord."

I laughed. "I'm not a drug lord. I promise."

She shrugged. "Since you won't tell me, I have to assume the worst. Maybe I'll call you Pablo."

I rolled my eyes. "No, please don't-"

"So Pablo, tell me about New York."

I rolled my tongue around to stop myself from laughing and showing her how much I enjoyed her teasing. "It's the most beautiful city in the world," I said honestly. "I love all the buildings, the busy streets, the people." 

"Is it true what they say? It's the city that never sleeps?"

I nodded. "Wouldn't have it any other way."

"You'll have to take me there sometime." 

I looked up in surprise. 

"Emily and I can go shopping at your expense." 

I breathed a silent sigh of relief. "Tell me about Florida." 

"It's a retirement home the size of a state. That's about it." 

I chuckled at how her responses were always snarky. "No, I think it means more to you than that." I had noticed how she stared out longingly into the ocean, just like her sister did on the plane. She walked slowly and deliberately, as if savoring the feeling of wet sand on her bare feet. 

She looked up at me, seeming almost vulnerable for a split second. She shrugged. "I like the beaches, mostly. This is my favorite spot."

"What do you like to do here?"

"Walk. Think. Get away from all the spoiled brats of the world." 

"I call her an entitled princess."

She smiled. "So you admit it."

I ignored the question. "Anything else you like to do?"

"Swim in the ocean."

I gave her a confused look. "You've got a pool." I pointed at the house, which finally looked a reasonable size now that we had traveled a good distance from it.

"Like I said, away from all the spoiled brats. You swim?" She walked closer to the edge, letting the water wash over her feet.

"I don't know how," I admitted. 

"You're kidding." 

I shrugged. "Not many opportunities to swim in New York." 

"What a shitty excuse," she yelled as a wave crashed behind her. The gust of wind that followed made her hair flow and lifted her top slightly, revealing her stomach. "C'mon, I'll teach you." She nodded towards the water.

"What, now?" I was incredulous. 

"Yes, now." She unzipped her jeans and wiggled out of them. Then she removed her tank top, leaving nothing but a bra and panties. Her curves were more apparent now, and the sunset accentuated her beauty.

When she looked back up at me, I averted my gaze, blushing guiltily. "I left my trunks in the suitcase." 

"Don't need 'em. C'mon, what are you waiting for?" She beckoned me over.

I hesitated before stripping down to my boxers. I had to take in the scene. I was standing half naked by the water with my girlfriend's sister. What I did next could change everything. We stood a considerable distance from each other. I could still change my mind. Stop this before it went any further. Nip it in the bud. Cut my losses. 

But if I had a dollar for every time a man thought with his brain rather than his dick, I'd still be living in that trailer park. 

———

I walked slowly towards the water. As I approached her, Lucy held out a hand. I reached out to grab it, and she led me gently into the water.

"See? That wasn't so bad." 

We ended up closer together than I expected. She looked up at me with the same brown eyes that Emily had. The fading sunlight revealed more of her features than I had noticed before. She had a natural blush on her cheeks and nose, almost like she had stood a bit too long in the sun. She lacked Emily's freckles, but in their place was a mole just above her upper lip. The setting sun reflected off her slick and shiny lip gloss.

When we realized that my hand was still in hers, we let go and backed away slightly. 

"You wanna get rid of that damn gel in your hair first? You look like a husband from the fifties." She tried to shift the focus away from our tender moment. 

"Uh, yeah. Good idea." I dove beneath the water and scrubbed that annoying material from my hair.

When I came up, I shook my head back and forth to swing the water out and ran a hand through my hair. She stared at me, biting her lip.

"What?" 

"Uh, nothing. So, first things first..." 

Our lesson began normally enough. I was learning to wade around in the water and stay afloat. Things turned more playful when she kept scolding me for not getting my arm movements right. I became frustrated and smacked my arms down comically hard with each stroke, splashing water into her face. We ended up throwing water at each other and chasing one another like children in a pool. It became physical when she started shoving me and trying to push me under, and I responded in kind.

I enjoyed the feeling of her hands on my skin and the pressure of her weight against me. It was thrilling to put my hands on her body, and I slowly got a sense of her slim figure through repeated touches. Eventually, I picked her up from behind and threw her in the water, making her scream and laugh. The play-fighting lasted until we became exhausted. We ended up at the very edge of the beach, where the sand was wet and the water lapped at our feet.

I lay on my back with my hands underneath my head, enjoying the feeling of the air, which was pleasantly warm despite the fact that it was night. 

"When's the last time you had this much fun? Being a financial analyst seems super dull." She rested on her elbow, facing me.

I snuck a sideways glance. The darkness obscured most of her shapely figure, but the moonlight revealed enough to make my heart rate go up. 

"It's decent pay, and I work with some nice people. Can't ask for much more than that." I shrugged. 

"You didn't answer my question."

"I dunno. We visited the Empire State Building last month, I guess."

"That's your idea of fun? You live in New York, for God's sake! You could go there anytime. No, that doesn't count at all." 

"Well, it was Emily's idea." I tried defending myself. 

She scoffed. "Figures. She can be such a prune sometimes. You must be so deprived." 

"Hey, be nice to your sister. And what do you mean, 'deprived'? I'm not deprived."

"Tell me with a straight face that you had more fun on top of that pointy building with Miss Goodie Little Two Shoes than you did with me in the water just now." 

I scoffed but said nothing.

"I mean, don't you wish you could just let go? Be a little spontaneous?" She turned over onto her belly, exposing her buttocks to the moonlight. 

"We're spontaneous... sometimes." I pulled my gaze away. 

"In what ways?" 

"In ways that are none of your business." 

"So in sexual ways." 

"None. Of. Your. Business." 

But she would not let up. "I bet you guys do it under the sheets so you don't see each other naked." 

"What are you talking about? I-I've seen her naked." Why was I even indulging her? 

"Have you ever had sex on the beach?"

I sighed in exasperation. "I guess not." Then I remembered the feeling of wet sand on my back. "Wait, what do you mean?" 

Before I had a chance to react, she pressed her body against mine. She was sitting directly on my crotch.

"Whoa! Let's just stop right there." 

"Why?" 

"What do you mean, 'why'? Are you crazy?" 

"Just a little. But I think you like that." She had a wicked grin on her face. 

"C'mon, Lucy. You play too much. Let's just head back, yeah?"

"No, I don't think you want to. Aren't you dying for something different? Aren't you curious to see if I'm as pretty as Emily with my clothes off? Why did you follow me here? Why did you put your hands all over me in the water?"

"N-no. I think you misunderstood." I gritted my teeth to suppress a moan. The weight of her body against my crotch was becoming harder to bear.

She giggled softly, almost evilly. "Tell me to stop." 

I stayed silent as she ran her hand through my hair and caressed my lips with her finger. I could feel her foot rubbing against my leg. I dug my hands into the sand to prevent myself from grabbing her and pulling her into me. Did it really take that much effort? Was I actually entertaining the thought of losing control? 

"Tell me you don't want to take me. Right here, right now." Her whispers in my ear sent chills down my spine. 

Still, my voice was nowhere to be found. 

In the end, it was her doing... technically. I only stared up at her, pleading with my eyes. She reached into her panties and masturbated herself. When her hand emerged, she stuck two fingers into my mouth so deeply that I almost gagged. She left them in there for a while, letting me suck on them and savor the bitterness of her juices. There was something incredibly erotic about becoming familiar with that part of her. 

"Does that turn you on?" she said in my ear.

Since I stayed silent, she found her answer elsewhere. Her hands roamed over my boxers, feeling the outline of my erection. The fabric did little to mitigate the sensation, and I emitted a low moan when I felt her fingers grasping my girth. She gasped softly when she heard my reaction. She began to stroke me slowly, making me spasm each time her thumb slid over my frenulum.

Then she pulled the front of my boxers down, revealing my naked meat. She rubbed the tip with her index finger, pulling away a string of precum. She repeated this motion until I began throbbing uncontrollably. When her finger became slick with my fluids, she put it between her lips and sucked loudly. Satisfied with the taste, she returned her finger to my leaking member and fed herself once more. Was I disappointed that she wouldn't just take me in her mouth? 

That didn't matter once she grabbed my rod and rubbed it against her panties. "I want you inside me," she demanded. 
