 I remember the smell first. Your scent. It was the first time I felt like I was safe. It both enveloped me in protection and made me want to fuck you like your whore. 

I remember the night I first experienced the depths of that scent, how much it, or you, affected me. It was a dark, late night, a Saturday I believe. You had sent me a text out of the blue. Asked me to meet you there in ten minutes, to bring the item from the video I had sent you earlier.

The school was empty except for us. I walked into your office, kicked up the doorstop and let the door close softly behind me. You sat waiting for me behind your desk, staring at me calmly, but your eyes were filled with fire. I could hear your foot tapping madly away beneath the desk, your energy trying to escape. I could see your struggle, your conflict from deep within.

I sat down across from you. We exchanged pleasantries as though I were just another parent coming to you to discuss an issue with my child on a normal school day. As though we didn't have a connection so intense it overtook us from the moment we first met. We knew that this could not be, SHOULD not be, but continued to tempt fate. 

I was nervous, my hands trembled and my voice shook. I reached into my bag and pulled out the long pink dildo I had been so diligently practicing on as you had requested. I suctioned it to the desk between us. You let out a sharp shaky breath and adjusted your growing cock. I enjoyed watching you squirm a little. My confidence rose. 

I stood up and kicked the chair back. I bent over at my waist, facing you and lowered my elbows on to the desk, my cleavage peeked out of my little black tank top, the shiny rubber cock waiting for me. I found your eyes just inches from my own as I worked to gather enough saliva, then let it slowly drip from my rosey lips onto the smooth rubber tip. 

You watched intently, not wanting to miss a single movement, absorbing all of me. My ass rose into the air like a kitten as my desire for you increased. I wanted to impress you. I wanted you to want me like no one before. I wanted to make you come and I wanted you to give me your cum.

I placed both hands around the base of the dildo then looked to you for permission. You ran your fingers through your trim beard then nodded. My lips parted and I took the cock slowly into my mouth, my tongue circling, tracing the firm outline as I moved down. I heard your breath begin to quicken as you leaned in closer. I imagined it was you and pressed down further, testing my limits, pushing the hard cock deep into my throat. My body shook as I gagged and the thick saliva shot out and covered the dildo and pooled onto the desk in front of us as the long rubber toy slid out of my mouth. You were momentarily paralyzed.

"Fuck, do it again," you commanded as you abruptly stood up. Your need for me growing. I looked up. Tears ran down my pale cheeks. I nodded as you gently grabbed my long dark hair with one hand while the other caressed my smooth face. You pressed your fingers deep into my throat coaxing up more sticky saliva. Then guided my mouth back onto the slippery cock protruding from the desk. The tip brushed against my mascara stained cheek and across my moist lips. Gentle moans came from deep within me as I imagined it was your dick that I was about to swallow. You pushed down hard on my head, your hand guiding the cock deep into my mouth, gently fucking my face once it was fully lodged inside of my throat. I could not not breathe, and I loved it. I wanted more. 

"Oh my god, you're amazing," you breathed. You lifted me off the dildo by my hair. You pressed your forehead into mine and your cheek absorbed the wetness that covered my face. Your scent permeated through me, triggered something inside of me I couldn't contain. Something I'd never escape.

"Fuck," you repeated. You pulled me around to your side of the desk, turned me around and pressed my face firmly into the desktop. I could feel your hard, thick, cock pulsing through your pants against my ass. My panties were soaked as my body instinctively pressed back harder into you. Wanting you. Wanting your cock. 

You sat back down into your chair, trying to catch your breath, trying to hold back. You admired the view of my plump ass just inches from your face. You lifted my skirt to expose my black lace thong, smooth white skin and small mole at the top of my ass. You leaned in and gently kissed each cheek taking deep full breaths, breathing in all of me.

You grabbed my right cheek and squeezed hard, then the other, moaning as you kneaded and gripped my ass more. You spread my cheeks gently apart, glimpsing my hidden asshole wanting to fuck it, penetrate me. Wanting to break the rules. Your hand caressed on top of the soft mound inside my panties covered in my wetness for you. You lifted your hand and smacked my ass hard leaving a stinging sensation that almost made me cry out in pain. You did it again, spanking me harder each time. I wanted the burn, wanted the pain. I begged for more. 

"Oh my god. Fuck," you pleaded as you stood forcefully, almost without any control. I wanted you more than I've ever wanted anything. I felt you pull your erection from your pants. Your hot hard cock rubbed against my naked ass. You began to stroke your entire length. Your knuckles grazed against me. Precum smeared down my back. You pulled my head backwards so your mouth was next to my ear, your left hand squeezing my breast hard and yanking on my nipple as you pumped your fist harder.

"Is this what you wanted?" You whispered into my ear. Your hand moved from my breast to my throat and gently squeezed pulling me closer to you. You stroked yourself harder and faster. I could feel you getting closer with every yank. I forcefully pushed my ass up towards your pulsing cock begging for you to come. I sensed you getting close. Your grip tightened. Your body hardened. I felt the hot sticky liquid spew all over my ass. You moaned and breathed and pulled me close to you. 

I could smell you, feel you, I wanted only you in that moment. 

You said my name gently. I turned my head back towards your face. I felt your fingers drag through the hot cum that covered my ass. You lifted the creamy fluid to my mouth. Our eyes locked, your fingers entered my mouth. I licked and sucked until no trace of your cum was left. I gratefully swallowed my reward.

"Good girl," you whispered gently.

I melted. I knew that someday soon, I would get to suck my reward straight from your beautiful cock.