 Jeff called her a few days later.

"Hey, Amy, how are things going?"

"Not too bad," she answered and stared at her messy house and at her computer that was filled with sexual fantasies about Nick. She hadn't been able to do anything besides writing lately and she felt like a complete mess.

"So is Nick around or are you two still busy wearing out the bed springing?"

"Uh, no, he's not here."

"He's not? Well, where is he? I was thinking about inviting you two out to dinner this evening if you can bear to get dressed," Jeff laughed loudly.

Amy just sighed. Brothers. Can't stand them, can't kill them. Sometimes it was hell to have a brother like Jeff. Well, she had better just jump into it and be done with the entire ordeal.

"I haven't seen Nick in days," she retorted, trying hard to be heard through Jeff's laughter. Still, he must have heard her as he stopped immediately.

"What? You haven't seen him in days? But, I thought you and he was an item now? You seemed to get on so well."

"In the bedroom, yes. But Nick wasn't content with that and walked out. I haven't seen him since."

"What? But...were you arguing or something?"

"I wasn't," Amy said haughtily. "I was just trying to explain why we shouldn't move in together at this stage, and I think I was being quite rationally about it as well. I don't know why he had to make such a great fuss about it. Talk about women having sensitive egos, you men are actually much worse."

"What fuss? What are you talking about?"

"I'm talking about Nick having a temper tantrum over the fact, claiming I only want him as a sex slave."

"Well, do you?"

"Of course I do, but that's not the point, is there?" She heard Jeff laughing at the other end. "Will you just stop that?" she snarled at him. 

"Poor Nick," Jeff said humorously. "It seems his taste in women runs with the Neanderthal kind." 

"What is so funny about that?" 

"Nothing," Jeff said teasingly. "Only, I can not believe we're actually sharing the same blood. You seem to be particularly dense these days."

"Thanks, Jeff, just what I wanted to hear. Now, are you finished berating me so I can get back to doing something else than trying to placate sensitive male egos?"

"Just one more thing," Jeff intervened. "Have you ever considered the fact that he loves you?"

"Loves me?" Amy was spellbound. After a lengthy pause, she finally managed to croak out. "You're joking, right?" It had to be a joke, she thought. There was no way she would have missed something like that.

"Nope. It's no joke. He told me himself, actually, although it has been obvious for years."

"What?" Amy screamed into the receiver. "Years? How is that possible?"

"Don't ask me," Jeff said humorously. "I would never pick such a silly girl to love if I had the choice."

"Okay, fun's over, Jeff. Now, tell me the truth." 

"It is the truth," Jeff assured her. "Just ask Rob if you don't trust me in this and need another source. Nick hasn't had a date in years just because of you, little sister. Instead he's been pining away for someone he couldn't have. Guess, he's learned his lesson now and has started looking for something better." She snorted as his humour blurted through the rest of his statement. Brothers were a real pain in the ass, she concluded. "Maybe I'll just give him a call and ask him out to meet some more accommodating women," Jeff mumbled to himself.

"Don't you dare, Jeff!" Amy shouted to him.

"Why do you care?" Jeff replied humorously. "It's not as if you wanted him, was it?"

"Well...I...don't know for sure," Amy finally sputtered out.

"Well, let me know when you have reached a decision. But, make it quick. Someone like Nick will never stay single for long, you know." 

Amy just stared at the receiver as she heard her brother hang up the phone. And what was that last statement supposed to mean? Her head was swirling. She needed to think and think quickly. 

Jeff thought Nick was in love with her. With her? Of all people. When he could have every woman he wanted, what would make him choose her? She didn't believe this. It had to be one of Jeff's many jokes. What a stupid thing to make jokes about. She had to figure out if this was the truth. And then, what did she feel about him? 

Her head was already aching. If it was true, then everything that had occurred in the last few weeks made a lot more sense. The fire in her kitchen and the worried look on Nick's face as he came barging through her front door. His endless erotic teasing and the half-clad invitations to indulge in sexual activities with him. And of course, hours after hours of fucking and teasing as he slammed his body inside her own, making her scream as he made her climax before he followed close behind. 

She shuddered. Not to forget her going down on him, taking as much as him inside of her warm mouth and swallowing every drop of his come that she could. And before that, her laying spread out on his bed, waiting for him to come home and give her what she ached for. Instead, he had placed himself in the same position, allowing her to dominate him, even though she knew he never submitted to anyone.

Damn it. How could she have been so blind? If that wasn't a good foundation for love, then what was? She had acted like a complete sissy all the time, never daring to face the truth that was staring her right in the eyes.

And here she was feeling miserable when she could have lain in bed with the most fascinating man she had ever come across. He had frightened her before, but now she knew why. She had been so worried he wouldn't like her, would think her the stupid younger sister of his best friend. And he had loved her all this time. How could she have been so blind? 

If they had only dared say something sooner, then this whole thing could have been resolved years ago. And now what? What could she do about it? Could there still be a chance for them? For her? Or had he already gone out and found some other female to occupy his bed.

She needed to make a plan. A good plan this time. But first she needed some more information. She didn't want to ask Jeff. Hearing him berating her once was more than enough for one evening. That left only one option. 

She picked up the phone and called Rob.

"Yes," he answered after a few rings.

"Hey, Rob. It's Amy."

"Amy? What a pleasant surprise. Have you decided to come and lay naked in my bed instead? If so, it's quite vacant at the time being."

"No, thanks, Rob. I'll think I'll pass this time."

"Oh well," he replied sullenly, acting as he was very sad about her refusal. The man was too much of a womaniser for his own good, she thought. "But if you ever change your mind...," he let the rest of the sentence float between them.

"...then I'll know exactly where to turn," she intervened. "Yes, thank you, Rob. It's very nice of you. But there was another thing I wanted to talk to you about."

"Go ahead."

"It's about Nick. Have you heard from him lately? Do you know how he is? Or where he is?"

"Nick? I thought he was with you?" Rob replied. "Thought you had finally got together."

"Yes, well, we did, and then I screwed it up completely. Only, I wanted to make it up to him, but I'm not sure how. Any ideas?"

"Not at the moment, but I could try and call him and try to come up with something."

"Could you do that? I would be really grateful to you."

"Sure, anything for a friend," Rob replied. 

***

An hour later Rob phoned back and told Amy what he had found out. 

"Lover boy is a bit put out, to say it mildly," he said humorously.

"Oh, how so?"

"He sounded quite drunk to be frank. But the good news is: he's at home and alone after working his ass off for the last couple of days. Drowning himself in work is his usual agenda and this time was obviously no exception to the rule."

Amy breathed out in relief. "No women, then. Good." She didn't need any competition of that kind right now.

"So what are you planning to do?" Rob asked.

"I don't know yet," Amy said truthfully. "Go in there and offer myself on a platter, I suppose."

"A platter, eh? Sounds like a good idea. Wish someone would do that to me one day," Rob chuckled.

"Do you have better ideas?" Amy seethed. 

"No, sounds good to me. I would certainly enjoy that move. As I said before, there's still room in my bed, you know?"

"Thanks, but no thanks, Rob. I don't think you'll have to suffer long before any of those nurses of yours throws themselves at you again."

"What? No sympathy for my abstinence, then?"

"No, I think it might fall off if you use it too much, so a few days without sex will probably be good for you."

"Fall off?" Rob said weakly. "Damn it, now I will definitely have nightmares. Besides, who's the doctor here?"

"Just joking, Rob. I'm sure your cock will stay hard until forever and then you can always start using Viagra." 

"Sounds as if your good humour has returned. Why don't you go and bestow some of it on Lover boy instead," Rob suggested. "Fall off," she heard him grumble to himself on the other end of the line.

"I will, and thanks for your help, Rob."

"Any time. And good luck," he chuckled as he hung up.

She could definitely use that, Amy thought as she lay the phone down. Now what? Should she try that slutty outwear and hope that he would fall for it one more time? She considered her other options, and resolutely went to put on a wonder bra, a deep V-neck top and a matching skirt that barely covered her knee. 

A bit of make-up and a pair of heels and she was ready for the most important meeting in her lifetime. At least it felt as if it was. She took a deep breath before locating the key she still had to Nick's apartment. 

She wasn't sure if he would let her in or not so to be on the safe side she was going to surprise him -- again. Only this time she was certain she would meet him and not flash her nude body to every male friend of his -- including her own brother. She laughed heartily. Oh well, she didn't have much luck that day, that was sure. Luckily the day had improved later on when Nick decided to copy her great idea.

She walked across the hall and put her ear against Nick's door. She heard nothing but the television. He must be watching another of those sports games of his. She unlocked the door and walked quietly inside, before shutting the door behind her. Now she heard the television more clearly. She walked in that direction, trying to locate Nick somewhere.

Coming into the living room she immediately spotted his large person slunk down into one of the chairs and snoring lightly. In his hand he still held a glass containing some liquid. On the table were several bottles, explaining quite clearly the man had drunk too much and then fallen into a deep sleep.

Oh well, that was the end of all her plans of seduction, she thought glumly. This wreck would not be able to perform for quite a few hours. Typical. When a woman wanted sex, the man was too inebriated to perform, or to simply stay awake. 

She went toward him and smelled the stench of alcohol on his breath. She shuddered away, grabbing a hold on the glass that threatened to leap out of his hand and crash onto the floor. She cleared away the bottles on the table, before turning to her victim again. 

He would surely wake up with a stiff neck the way he slept, she chuckled. If only she could get him to lay down somewhere. She had better wake him up and get him to bed. But first things first. She prepared a large can of coffee and cleared away the clutter, allowing a clear way from his chair to his bedroom. 

Then she nudged him carefully. Nothing happened. One more time. She nudged him a little harder this time. Still no response. Pouring a cup of coffee, she held it underneath his nose. Still nothing. If he hadn't snored, she would almost think he was dead. All right. Time to get to serious business. 

She gave him a hard shove before instinctively ducking as his fist came in her direction. She screamed as she ducked down and out of his reach. 

"Oh for god's sake. Stop the siren," he blurted out as he covered his ears.

"But you tried to hit me!"

"What would you expect, kicking me like that?"

"I didn't kick you. I was trying to get you to bed." He looked up and even through his swollen eyes she saw that he recognised her. 

"You? What are you doing here?"

"Trying to help you."

"I don't need any help," he said icily.

"Oh no? Seems different to me. Here, drink some of this," she said and handed him the cup of coffee.

"Huh? Coffee? But I want to sleep."

"Good," she exclaimed patiently. "Then you can continue doing so in your bed. Now, get up!" she ordered him.

"What is this? The housekeeper-sergeant has invaded my territory and is now barking orders at me?"

"Are you having trouble standing on your feet or something?" she snarled back. "Get to bed and you'll thank me in the morning. I'll bet that neck doesn't feel too good at present, so just imagine what it would feel like in a couple of hours."

He grumbled something incoherently, but got up and stood swaying dangerously from side to side, before he stumbled his way toward the door. Noticing his sense of direction was far off the target, she tried to reach for him. But before she managed to grab a hold on him he crashed into the table and fell down on the floor. 

She threw herself after him, trying to prevent his fall, but she was too late. Instead, she landed on top of him, her breath being whooshed out of her lungs by the impact. Finally, she managed to collect herself and she scrambled to get up and away from the hard body she had landed on. But, at the same time his arms came round her waist, holding her to him. 

She looked up into his face, and noticed he had closed his eyes and a smile was pasted on his lips. At the same time she registered a hardness against her stomach, constantly growing bigger and more insistent, and she gasped as she realised he was getting aroused. It was impossible. He was so drunk he couldn't even walk straight and still his cock was hardening? 

His grip on her waist tightened and she felt him move her lower body in a circling motion, pleasuring himself with her body. She felt like smiling herself as she crawled a little upwards, placing her aching cunt right on top of his hardened cock. She looked up at him again. He still had his eyes closed and rubbed her lower body in a circling motion on his cock. He groaned aloud. 

"Don't stop now, darling," he said hoarsely.

"I still think the bed is the better alternative," she suggested weakly and she continued rubbing herself against him. 

"Not if you keep that up," he groaned.

Immediately, she stopped her motion and tried to get up. "Release me," she ordered.

"Why? Now that we had so much fun?" he chuckled.

"We will have even more fun lying in a soft bed," she tempted.

"Sounds good," he agreed and immediately let go of her. 

She stood up and helped him slowly to his feet. Still shaky, she helped him avoid any other obstacles and soon she had him sitting on the bed, her hands busy removing his clothes. He just sat back and enjoyed her ministrations as she struggled with his shirt buttons.

"Want some help with that?" he drawled as he gave her a heated look.

"Do you mean that you can actually manage on your own, is that it?" she glared at him.

"Nope, but I've no trouble sleeping in my clothes."

"Yes, I noticed that," Amy grumbled.

He sat smiling, before saying in a dark voice. "You sure that is the only reason why you want to rip my clothes off me?"

She blushed and she noticed her hands shaking as she opened the last of his shirt buttons and dragged the shirt off of him. The T-shirt underneath went easier as he finally decided to play along and help her undress him.

She felt the warmth from his skin penetrate her control and she wanted to roam her eyes and hands over the naked skin she had just uncovered. But she needed to hold back, she decided. He was drunk and needed to sleep first. Later on there would be more than enough time to indulge herself and get to know every part of his body.

She reached down and started unfastening the top button in his pants. He casually leaned backwards on the bed and sat watching every move that she made, as if he was enjoying the show. His cock was still hard and she tried to evade touching his hardness as she moved down to unfasten the rest of the buttons. It was not an easy task considering that his cock had swollen to a large size, making his pants sit so tightly it had to hurt him. 

Finally, all the buttons were loosened and she retreated to safer areas as she tried to hide her blushing face. She reached down and removed his socks, before she nudged him to stand up. 

"Stand up, will you?" she asked as he showed no sign of wanting to move from his relaxed stance. She looked up to check if he had fallen asleep again, and the heated eyes that met hers told her clearly he was far from sleeping. Instead he looked as if he was ready to devour her if only his body was up to it as well. But she knew he wasn't. The amount of alcohol he must have consumed was enough to make his sleep for hours -- if not days. She stood up and waited for him to rise from the bed.

He finally lifted himself and she tugged his pants down his body. Looking at the bulge that his erect cock was making in his boxers she wondered how she would be able to remove them without causing him harm. 

He seemed to have grown out of his underpants, she almost chuckled aloud. Carefully nudging his boxers down and over his hardened cock, she could have sworn he was getting even harder now that the clothes were not limiting him.

"Get in the bed then," she ordered as she gave his chest a small push in the right direction and he let himself fall backwards and onto the bed. Moving his body up in the bed, he settled with his head on the pillow and stared at her with a content smile around his mouth.

She located the blankets and covered his naked and tempting body before she did something really stupid. Right now he needed his sleep, not some sex-starved female pouncing on him. 

"How about joining me?" he offered.

Temptation poured through her. "No, you need your sleep," she finally croaked out. "I'll go and clean up the mess in your kitchen in the meantime."

"Why don't you join me instead?" he tempted her again and lifted the blankets to let me see his naked body displayed in all it's glory. His cock now so hard she thought it must be quite painful. "Just undress and come to bed," he said heatedly.

She couldn't resist him any longer and quickly stripped off all her clothes, noticing his eyes were following every detail as cloth after cloth landed on the floor. Finally she stood before him completely uncovered and she shivered as she met the pure lustful eyes of his. He padded the bed beside him and she slowly moved toward him. 

Feeling her breasts bounce and moisture gathering between her thighs. Never had she thought that such a simple act of showing her nude body to a lover would make her so aroused in such a short time.

"Come here," he said hoarsely, and she laid down on the bed beside him, her back to his front. Immediately his arms moved around her and held her tightly to him. "Now, we can sleep," he murmured into her ear as she felt his hard cock push into her lower back.

"Sure," she said ironically as her body shuddered when he roamed his hands over her breasts and touched her tightened nipples, making them follow his every lead as he tormented her with his touch. She would never be able to sleep if he kept this up, she thought as she felt dazed by the strong need that pulsed through her body. She arched her back and moved her body slightly upwards in the bed, catching his cock between her thighs and sighing as she felt his hot presence where she wanted it the most. He chuckled into her ear. 
