 It was Saturday afternoon, and I was taking confessions as always. And as always, there hadn't been much traffic. I'd had a lot of time to think, to reflect on last weeks happenings. How did I let myself be drawn into having sex with a parishioner? Could I face this woman again, and be stronger this time? I looked at my watch: a quarter to five, I'll be closing up and going to dinner soon. Perhaps last week was an aberration and I had nothing to worry about. Then I heard the soft footfalls outside my door. Peering into the empty confessional beside me, I awaited the opening of the door.

Instead of it opening, my door was instead. Standing in front of me was the red haired woman from last week! Wearing a black cape and thigh high boots, she stood in the doorway, backlit by the churches lights. "Forgive me Father, for I have sinned." came the sultry voice "Hello, Father. I'm sure you remember who this is. It has been only a week since my last confession. But what a week it has been!" 

A sense of dread filled me as the words processed through my head, followed by a sense of excitement. 'Yes. I remember you', I thought. You, the tender young vixen who took my virginity. Right here. In this same confessional. An involuntary tent rose in my cassock as I recalled last Saturday. After leaving her, my faith shaken to the core, I skipped dinner, thinking only of her scent still embedded in my moustache. Returning to my room, I reflected upon my sin, my cock growing hard again, my hand grasping it again, and I masturbated, thinking only of the exquisite pleasure that her velvet gloved pussy afforded me. How intoxicating it was to feel my sperm ejaculate deep inside her young, cloying womb. Then suffering the massive guilt that attacked me moments after, knowing that I had violated one of the pillars of the priesthood. Poverty, Obedience, and Chastity. These were the things I had sworn to when I entered the Order. I lived a simple life of a parish priest, guarding my flock from the temptations of the world. I had forsaken the trappings of wealth, turning over all my worldly goods to my superior. I always did as I was asked by those in charge of the Order, never questioning their reasoning. Since my days as an altar boy, I had dreamed of becoming a priest. And, until a week ago, I had never felt the pleasures of the flesh.

I had struggled all week, trying to regain control of myself. Slowly, I did so. Finally able to go through a day without touching myself, without spilling my seed, and finally without dreaming of her, splayed out on that dark wooden bench, legs open, glistening with desire, luring me to her.

"Since my last confession, Father, I have had sex with five different men and two women. In fact, I just fucked a stranger outside the church, in the alley. I need your help, Father, your forgiveness and your help. Will you help me? Please?"

"How can I help you" I asked weakly, totally taken by surprise by the event unfolding before me.

"Help me wash away the evil deed I have just done." she said.

"But how?" I asked again

"Eat me! Suck his seed from my cunt!" she demanded, dropping the cape to the floor and standing inches from me, stark naked! Raising a leg to the bench seat and pulling my face into the wetness of her sperm dripping pussy.

With these words, my cock stiffened, and my resolve melted as I breathed in the musky odor of her recently completed sexual union. I could not help myself! I felt as if I were being swallowed up in a giant vortex, from which there would be no escape. But, I let myself be taken there! She had, merely to show me the puffy, glistening, entrance to her womb, and I was powerless to resist.

You began to relate your latest escapade. "This past week, I fucked my neighbor, in his bedroom, allowing him to stuff his cock in my ass. In my ass, Father! It was so hot that I came all over his bed sheets, leaving him moments before his wife came home." Rolling her hips and holding my head close, I could took in her scent, but with the addition of a slight bleachy smell of sperm added. Losing myself in the moment, my tongue extended and I licked up a dollop of semen and her delicious juices and swallowed. "Then, after overhearing another neighbor tell a friend that she was curious about having sex with another female, I arranged to meet her at school, where she worked, and kissed her. She responded. Soon after we lay on her desk, lips attached to each others clit, fingers buried in each others cunt, writhing in ecstasy, as we orgasmed on each others faces. "Oh, come now Father. Don't pretend to be upset" you cut in as I began to say something. "I know you are enjoying this! Almost as much as I am."

I continued licking, sucking, and swallowing, paying attention with my fingers, to the globes of her ass and the nub of her clit. I could feel her legs tremble as she stopped relating her lascivious sins, moaning louder and louder, echoing through the church. Finally, she released, pouring her essence all over my face and hands. She let go of my head, stepped back, dropped to her knees. I assumed she would pray. I was again surprised when she pulled up my cassock, revealing my rampant member. She grabbed the base of the shaft and squeezed, forcing a drop of clear liquid to form at the top of the dusty rose colored crown.

"Do you know what that is?" she moaned. Do you know what this tells me?"

Yes, I thought. She was testing my resolve. Tempting me just as Jesus was tempted in the desert.

"This tells me that you want my lips wrapped around your cock. It tells me you want to cum in my mouth!" she said as her tongue wiped up the droplet and her lips covered the tip of my manhood.

Watching intently, afraid to blink and miss a moment, I sat still as your luscious red lips enveloped my cock. Slowly, her lips opened, letting me into her mouth. I felt herr tongue swirl around my head, rubbing the sensitive spot behind my glans. My cock disappeared, a centimeter at a time, until her nose pressed against my pubic bone, my hairs tickling her face, my cock caressing the back of her throat. She moaned, making my cock twitch. Pulling off briefly she said, "Not yet Father. You can't cum yet!" Then she resumed her oral worship of my manhood. I twitched again, feeling ever closer to completing this immoral, degrading act. "Yes, Father, you are a disgusting, weak man! But your cock feels so good, so hard, and I want to taste you! Drink your cum! Give you a reward for you're your unpriestly behavior!"

She was right! I am a disgusting man, but I cannot seem to help myself. She brought out the weakness in me. I know she wanted me to ejaculate in her, on her, to degrade myself before her. Before God! And I wanted only to obey, to please her. And myself!

It is then, that I noticed her hands. One deep in her pussy, the other busy pinching and pulling her nipples. Her fingers worked her pussy faster, driving her closer to an orgasm. I found my hands on her head, guiding myself in and out of her soft, warm, sweet mouth, my hips swaying, my cock thrusting.

My cock jerked again, warning me that I was getting ever closer myself. The smell of her filled the small space. My nostrils flared as I took in the heavily scented air. She moaned again, trying to talk with my cock sliding in and out of her face. I was able to make out, "cum for me Father. Let me taste you!" amid the guttural noises and garbled words.

And like the dutiful priest, I did as commanded, willing myself to release, to flood her cheeks, wash her tongue with my salty, manly essence. Then she pulled off, leaving my spit soaked dick dangling, but only for a moment. Her hand wrapped around the shaft and her lips slid down the side until my left nut was in her mouth. It was so warm, so wet! Herr tongue danced around the crinkly flesh, making me moan, as her hand slid up and down the blue veined shaft. I watched in amazement as she pulled the other testicle into her mouth "Oh, my God!" I moaned as I watched her close her eyes and caress my balls with her lips and tongue. Groaning in ecstasy, I let her know how close I was. Reluctantly, she let my nuts slip from her mouth, aiming my cockhead at her extended tongue. "Not your God, Father, your slut!" she whispered. "Jerk it for me, Father. I want to drink your cum!" she added, smiling up at me as her hand unwrapped from around my shaft, sliding down around my dangling testicles. Cupping the twin orbs, I felt her finger against my asshole. She moaned, eyes closed, tongue extended, fingers ravaging her leaking cunt.

My breathing is became heavy as I push myself toward sexual release and damnation. My hand literally flew over the stiff shaft, urging it to spill its contents, to allow me to feel that great rush, that heavenly release.

Her moans increased in volume. Herr confession no longer private. "Are you going to cum with me?" she urged.

Her orgasm echoed through the church as she screamed and grunted, her pussy pulsating as it issued more of your sweet musky juices. "Oh God, yes! Oh fuck yes, Father." 

Herr orgasm triggered mine. Through half closed eyes, I watched as my cock erupted, spewing cum into her mouth. Except for the fact that she was naked, she looked like a parishioner, kneeling in front of me awaiting communion. My cock continued to erupt, shooting its contents across her tongue and over her teeth to the back of her throat. She continued to orgasm as well, moaning, writhing in ecstasy, trying to keep my sperm from spilling as her pussy contracted on her fingers. For what seemed like an eternity, my penis poured its juices into her mouth until it began to droop. She stood, her mouth still full of the salty white sauce and kissed me, pushing my semen from her mouth to mine, letting it drip down our chins and onto my cassock and her heaving breasts. She followed this by licking her own essence from her fingers. Pulling on her cape and turning to leave, she said "Be here at 5 o'clock next Saturday!" Then added "For my private confession." As her firm footfalls echoed through the church, I sat, collecting my thoughts, wondering why I could not stop her, or myself, from desecrating this place. My faith had been shaken to its foundation. My chance to redeem myself had passed. What more could I do? What more could she do?