 I was playing the Good Samaritan and picked up the Sister in Law from the airport after her break in the Cayman Islands.

It was dark when we left the airport and after the flight she was tired and soon dropped off to sleep. When we reached home she was still fast asleep and I couldn't wake her.

I found her key in her bag and took her case inside before I came back for her. After some intricate manoeuvring I managed to lift her from the car and carry her in. The feel of body against mine and me holding her firmly was certainly getting me worked up and I could feel my cock hardening.

I managed to get her upstairs and put her on her bed before going down and shutting the front door. I went back up and she was still asleep. I looked at her and my mind started imagining what it would be like to see her naked. This resulted in my cock getting even firmer than it was. I tried to force this thought from my mind and went back downstairs. 

It seemed that there was no way she was going to wake so I decided that I should get her out of her clothes so should would be more comfortable. 

Her blouse came of easily, uncovering her lovely firm breast encased in the flimsy material of her bra. There was no sign off white marks so I assumed she had been sunbathing topless.

I undid her jeans and started taking then off by means of what could only be described as peeling them off her. Once I had finished she rolled over onto her front so that I was presented with the sight of her perfect arse staring at me with a thin strip of material disappearing between her cheeks. I knew it was wrong, but with cock straining against my trousers, I started gently running my hands over her body. 

After a few minutes she started to stir and I started to panic. As she woke I tried to hide the massive bulge in my trousers and act as if nothing was happening. It took a couple of minutes for her to come to and she looked at me with a puzzled look on her face as she saw she was just in her underwear. I explained that she had fallen asleep and that I had carried her up to bed and had undressed her to make her more comfortable.

She smiled at me and said that I was very thoughtful and she wanted to thank me in some way. She stood up, walked over to me, taking my face in both hands and proceeding to kiss me on the lips. She pulled away and then moved in a second time, This time however her tongue was pushing into my mouth. I didn't know what to do and just stood there like a dummy. She moved her hand down to my cock and started running her fingers up and done my length through my trousers. She skilfully undid my trousers and she soon had my cock out in the open, gently pulling the foreskin back to reveal my helmet in all its glory.

I knew this was all wrong but I let her lead back to her bed, where she laid me down and proceeded to straddle me. She slipped her thong to one side and lowered herself onto my member. Her pussy lips parted easily as she slid onto me. I just started at her mouthing how wonderful it felt and she started to slide up and down. I reached up and grabbed her tits massaging them as hard as I could.

Within minutes I could feel my balls getting tighter and I knew I wouldn't last much longer. She felt me getting tense, slid her cunt of my cock and replaced it with her mouth. She started sucking and I started shooting my load. It seemed to go on forever and she couldn't take it all and it started dribbling down her chin and going over her face. She didn't let go of me and kept sucking until I went limp. She then proceeded to eat the rest of my goo which had landed on her.

We looked at each other and knew that what we had done was wrong but we didn't regret it. I got up and started getting dressed, as I knew I had to leave. She didn't stop me and wrapped in her dressing gown, came downstairs to see me off. We shared another passionate kiss and cuddle before I left. 

I started walking to the car and turned to see her still standing there. I stopped, reached for my mobile and rang home, explaining to my wife that the flight had been delayed and it would be several hours before I got home. She said that was fine and that I should take care. I hung up and went back to Jane, grinning broadly, thinking what a lucky bastard I was.