 Aurele woke up in her bed, surrounded by several sleeping bags.  Her parent’s house was startlingly silent, especially after everything that had happened last night.  Aurele’s parents were absent from the scene- on a trip to visit some obscure relatives that they had mercifully spared their daughter.  Aurele was eighteen, had just graduated, and was in the midst of packing up to head for the university, and as soon as the opportunity had presented itself, she had made plans for one last party, at her house.  

She had kept it small, unlike the monstrous happenings that several of her classmates were famous for, inviting about a dozen close friends, and keeping the booze to a minimum.  Dirk had somehow managed to get drunk and puke all over the bathroom, but she was confident that he was responsible enough to clean up after himself.  And for the most part, not much sex had gone on.  One couple had camped out on the couch for the night under a blanket, but most of the rest of the girls had slept in her room, with the guys across the hall.  Aurele had secretly been hoping to get a little action- just to have a little fun and relax.  It had been more than a year since she’d had a meaningful relationship, and she was intimately lonely.  But alas, she was close friends with most of the guys who had showed up, and none of them seemed interested in her.  She had to partly agree with them- it’d be weird hooking up with a friend, and probably ugly afterwards, but she still thought that it’d be kinda fun.  

She sat up in her bed and surveyed the scene.  She was the first one awake, and decided to take a shower before anyone else could lay claim to it.  She slid out of her bed and tiptoed around her girlfriends en route to her closet.  She slipped off her loose nightgown, letting the cool air touch her bare skin.  The nervous prickle of goose bumps dotted her skin, and her nipples hardened a little against the cold.  It was strangely erotic, being naked around so many people.  Even if they were asleep.  Without hesitating too much, however, for fear of a friend waking up, she wrapped a clean white towel around herself, feeling the fluffy cotton around her stomach.  She smiled, feeling happy and protected.  She again stepped over her friends, hoping they wouldn’t wake up to be flashed by her walking over them, and stepped out of her door.  She decided against the weak shower she usually used, partially because of the mess Dirk had left, instead opting for the luxurious double shower in the master bathroom.  Her house was all on one floor, so she only had to walk across the living room where all of the boys were sleeping to get there.  She was a little more cautious here, but she still had to step over several boys to get to her destination.  She did so, nipples hardening again at the thrill of her near nudity amongst her friends.


Steve Thompson was one of Aurele’s closest friends, and had been since middle school.  He lay awake in on her floor, with his eyes closed, remembering fondly the events of the last six years, and especially the last night.  His memories were unwillingly focused on Aurele herself, and the outfit she had worn the night before. He could still see her, low hip hugging jeans, a black tank top that hugged her stomach just so and revealed a little of her midriff.  He hated admitting it to himself, but recently he had become very attracted to his friend, though he couldn’t imagine doing anything about it at this stage in their relationship.  He didn’t think anyone else was awake, and was enjoying the somber silence, in comparison to how loud it had been the night before.  They had all been surprised at how well Aurele had regulated the party, and also surprised at how much fun they had had without drinking, though a large portion of the fun had been messing with the couple of shit faced guys.  He smiled.  It was refreshing to wake up after a party without a hangover.  

He was about to get up when he heard Aurele’s door open, and caught a glimpse of her wearing a towel.  He sighed, and expected her to walk across the hall into her bathroom.  When she turned towards him and the living room, he closed his eyes again, playing dead, not wanting her to be embarrassed.  She was trying to be quiet and not wake anyone up, but Steve could track her footsteps, which were coming straight for him.  He realized that he was blocking the path to the other bathroom, her logical destination.  He felt her foot drop on the side of his sleeping bag, and heard a quiet rustle as she was stepping over him.  An instantaneous debate raged in his mind, and despite the objections of feeling like a pervert, he opened his eyes slightly as she was over him.

Aurele was stepping over his chest, with her head facing the other direction.  Knowing that she would not see him, he opened his eyes a little wider, and traced them up her tanned legs and under the fringe of her towel.  Her thighs were so smooth, her butt extended so beautifully and curvily away from her body that he almost didn’t notice that he had a clean view between her legs.  In the split second view he saw her two pink lips and little patch of short dark brown hair surrounding them.  A little light glistened off of the apex of the lips- he was surprised to realize that she was a little excited.  She was so clean, so pristine; he didn’t feel dirty admiring her body, like he did when he occasionally slipped in a porno movie.  He felt like he was admiring a masterpiece, a painting, a work of art.  It was pure, natural, beauty, and he felt uplifted at having been privy to it.  His penis also felt uplifted, but that was just a side effect; his head wouldn’t be swimming this hard if he was just horny.  She walked away, high stepping over several other boys before stepping through the door.  She turned before she entered and looked back at the room she had just walked through.    Her shiny brown hair twirled onto her shoulders as she turned, revealing her clean face and collarbone.  Steve immediately shut his eyes, but he had the vague fear that he had been spotted.


As Aurele stepped into the master bathroom, she felt a shiver run down her back.  Had Steve been awake when she stepped over him?  She felt her modesty twinge a little bit, but at the same time she felt her excitement grow.  Perhaps her hopes for the night before might still come true….  At any rate she didn’t have the guts to face him again, but she left the door to the bathroom open a little more than a crack, hoping that she would be discovered again.  Amongst all of her male friends, Steve was probably the one she secretly admired the most- he was smart, athletic, and had on several emotionally intimate occasions revealed his inner sensitivity to her.  She loosened her towel and bent down as she dropped it on the floor.  She ran her hands up her legs as she rose, stopping them on her hips and running them in dense little circles, massaging her muscles to life.  She turned to the full-length mirror and practiced making a couple pouty lipped ‘I want you’ faces, secretly wishing that Steve was there instead of the mirror.  The cool morning breeze swifted inside from the high window, and quickly hardened her nipples for the third time that morning.  She closed her eyes and reveled in the excited feeling gripping her breasts, touching her nipples lightly with her fingertips to enhance and prolong it.  She opened her eyes again and became aware of the moisture between her legs, moving one hand away from her soft breast, past her lightly curving stomach and trimmed hair and into the moistness.  She curled a finger into herself, letting her lips part and a small sigh escape.  Remembering reality, she removed her finger and pulled the lever in the shower, releasing a shimmery stream of warm water.  She waited a moment for the water to warm, one hand posed on her hip.  She had always relished her good girl next door image, but was not afraid to let herself feel the intense waves of her desire every once in a while, and she was so turned on now that she couldn’t help herself, even knowing that should she accidentally call out, all of her friends would at once know.  

She stepped into the shower and closed the clear glass door, happy that should Steve come to the door, he would be able to get a clear view of her.  The water tapped against her face and chest, wetting her shoulder length brown hair against her scalp.  It ran in rivulets down the curves of her body, over and around her breasts, down the outside of her stomach, and back into the interior of her body, through her pubic hair and against the top of her lips before it left her body and dripped to the drain.  She was warm all over, secure for a moment, and felt the twinge of joy that accompanied familiar warmth.  More rivulets formed and ran down her back as she leaned forward.  They quickly passed along the small of her back and down between her thighs, lapping against her pussy from behind before traveling down her inner thighs and calves.  Her lips opened again, aghast from the pleasurable feelings that the hot water created against her skin.  Her nipples were very hard now, and she ran her hands through her hair, relishing in the soft, sensual feel of the long strands under her fingers.  She grabbed a doily and poured some of the fancy body wash onto it, squeezing it in her hand to produce a rich lather.  She pressed the soapy puff against her stomach, and slid it up to her breasts, loving the slippery feel that the soap gave her skin.  She worked the soap into her chest, arms, and back, finally bending over to wash her legs.  She started at the bottom, working up to her knees and her thighs with the soapy cloth.  She could feel the bands of muscle in her legs lose their tension to the light pressure.  The steam from the hot water made her body even more slick, and she put the doily down and started to slide her hands over her body, really beginning to get into it.  She pinched her left nipple lightly between her thumb and forefinger.  A soft sound escaped her mouth, and her dark brown eyes closed in delight.


Steve got up a couple minutes after Aurele had disappeared behind the door, after the throbbing in his cock had subsided.  He had meant to go see if he could find any food in the kitchen, but as he stood up he noticed that the bathroom door was open enough for him to see inside.  Another instantaneous debate, and he stole quickly and quietly to the side of the door.  Had she left it open on purpose?  He could hear the shower water running, and he thought that he heard a sigh from inside.  He looked back to make sure that no one else was awake, then slowly peeked around the doorframe and had a clear view of Aurele’s body through the clear glass shower.  Not only was this too good to be true, but she was at the moment lightly rubbing her nipple, and her other hand was creeping towards the dark triangle between her legs.  Holy shit… he thought, getting a prolonged view of her entirety.  He could see the water running down her sexy stomach and athletic legs.  He remembered staring at those legs as Aurele had run down the soccer field, but he didn’t remember them looking this good.  They were evenly tanned, curving from her thighs to her feet.  She had just the right amount of muscle to keep her legs firm, but not hard and too defined.  She turned towards him a little, exposing her breasts more fully.  He had never gotten close to a view of her chest, as she generally didn’t wear skimpy clothes to school, or even to the beach, really.  They were a little on the small side, but with a great shape and tone, with small, dark pink areolas perking slightly upwards.  They looked so supple, and seemed perfectly proportioned to the rest of her, he couldn’t resist imagining taking one into his mouth.  Her chest and shoulders were smooth, not bony, but lean.  Her toned arms moved gracefully around her body, and he couldn’t help but stare at the way her lips parted slightly and her eyes closed.  He had always known that Aurele had a pretty face, but as it was, with her dark hair sleek and wet and her cheeks slightly flushed from her activity, she had never looked prettier.  

By the time he could tear his eyes away from her timeless expression, her fingers had reached their destination below her waist and were slowly moving in circles around her puffy lips.  One finger slipped inside- deep inside, and as she withdrew it he could see a sliver of her pink interior.  She dipped it in again, a little faster and a little deeper, rotating her finger and wrist together.  Steve felt his own erection straining mercilessly at the cotton he was wearing.  He was terrified that someone would wake up and notice him peeking in, but he couldn’t tear himself away, so he took the more daring road and slipped inside of the partially opened door, as quickly and quietly as possible.  Aurele didn’t seem to notice- she was too involved with herself to have any conception of the outside world.  Now that he had a little privacy, Steve couldn’t resist the urge to ease his erection into his fist and release the tension.  This was without a doubt the sexiest thing he had ever seen, and he just couldn’t help himself, despite being worried about her finishing and catching him.  He tried to think up some excuses, but he couldn’t and he didn’t care.  His desire for her screamed from so many different levels that he couldn’t ignore it, and he’d never have this chance again.  Besides, there was still the chance that she wanted him to see this…

Her finger was still searching inside, but with more intensity- she began using two, and her gentle thrusts steadily rose in speed.  Her other hand had been roaming around her chest, but now she touched her neck and thigh with it before sliding it down the top of her slit and then back up, finding her delicate clit as she sighed, almost moaned, a little louder than she had before.  She matched the pace between her hands, circling and massaging her clit in rhythm with her pumping arm.  She seemed to be losing herself in it- she looked a little unsteady on her feet and she braced her head against the tile wall.  Steve was caught up in her- he began stroking himself at the same speed as she was going.  His other hand caught the base of his dick, trying to contain the excitement and not lose it before she did.


Aurele had sensed him enter the room, but she didn’t care.  She hadn’t been this turned on in months, and she was loving every minute that she spent on herself.  Her fingers moved with speed and precision, knowing exactly how gentle her body needed them to be and the right patterns to bring out the sharp waves of pleasure that preceded the flood that she knew was coming.  She leaned forward against the tile, bracing herself for it.  She felt it building deep inside her, from her mind that so badly wanted release, to her thighs that reaped the pleasure.  She built and built and built herself up, slowing down occasionally to heighten the periods of speed, to the point that she could barely contain herself.  The hot water out of the showerhead fell on her open lips, rolling across her collarbone.  She pressed her nipples against the cold tile wall, craving the stimulation and getting it from the amazing temperature difference between the water and the wall.  She was lost in the ladder she was climbing, and swiveled her wrist around to allow a third of her fingers to enter herself, not losing the pace or the intensity.  She felt herself going over the edge, flung from the waves onto a cloud, forgetting everything around her.  She let out a squeal, luckily not loud enough to wake anyone because she wouldn’t have noticed.  She continued directly pressing her clit sideways, and arched her fingers inside her towards the outside, searching for the spot, wiggling, rotating, searching, and finding, and she massaged the sensuous skin inside of herself, feeling the lithe pink walls of her pussy contract around her fingers as she came- stronger and stronger, she arched her head into the air and squealed again as spasms raced through her body, radiating from her dripping pussy and reaching every part of herself.  A small stream of fluids made it’s way down the interior of her leg, lost in the streams of water, as she continued to circle and stroke through her climax.


Steve saw the signs of the building in her, as she let out a small squeal and broke her head from the wall into the air.  He let himself feel it unrestrained, not worried about losing himself anymore.  He found a box of tissues, and readied one hand with one so as to not make a mess.  He dared not close his eyes, but he focused more intently on Aurele in the shower, imagining the way she felt right then.  The female orgasm was a beautiful thing, and most beautiful coming out of this girl that he cared about and was so incredibly attracted to.  She squealed again and he knew she was there, and his fingers moved with incredible speed along his shaft, bringing all of his desire out and converting it into a feeling that had never been this strong.  He wanted to take in all of this, observe, and drink it in and store it as something beautiful that could never be taken away from him.  So he watched her even as he spasmed, leaving himself behind and giving into the feeling that she had created in him.  His climax was deep, and he shivered.  The deep, slow spasms continued much longer than he expected, and as he finished she was moving her hands away from her sensitive areas, cupping her face and bracing her back as she fought the weakness in her legs.  He found the trashcan and disposed of the tissue.  Somehow he still felt fresh, as if his eyes had just taken in a symphony that no one could understand but everyone could feel.  He needed to become a part of it, he needed to tell her how he felt, and not let her slip away to a college away from him.  She was something remarkable, from every point of view, and the way he felt was remarkable, and he didn’t care about the possibilities for rejection anymore.  He approached the glass curtain and started to slide it open.  Aurele’s eyes were still closed; she was still straining to regain stable footing.  As if to help her, Steve put his arm across her back, taking some of her weight, and touched her cheek with the other, turning her face towards his own.

“I knew you were there,” she said, eyes still closed.  “I wanted you to be there.  Secretly, for a long time…”

Her sentence trailed away, and he cut her off.  “You’re so amazing, Aurele, I never really fully realized it.  I just want to be as much of a part of your life as I can be, even if it’s not for very long.”

She opened her eyes, smiling at him because he was exactly what she needed, exactly what she had wanted for so long but could never find.  She had opened herself to him on the last remaining level and he had responded like the men of her dreams always had- with passion, caring, appreciation, and understanding.  They kissed underneath the flowing showerhead, slowly and passionately.