 A SEXUAL BACKGROUND:

I have to admit that I am drawn to the most sexually promiscuous situations possible. Sometimes these urges lead me to an influx of obsessive regret when I contemplate what is morally acceptable. But I can't help myself. And in hindsight, maybe I enjoy my sexual edge. The goal is that I need to find others who share the same enthusiasm.

I'm not much of a relationship person. I am twenty-years-old and have only had three girlfriends. The first was when I was sixteen; this relationship was based on a romantic connection, not sexual interaction. The second was when I was eighteen; this girl and I had sex at least three hundred times in the ten months that we were together. The third girl did nothing but depress me with her dishonesty; I was nineteen and learned the perils of a faulty relationship when I discovered that she cheated on me the first week we were together during our three-month relationship.

Despite the existence of these three relationships, I have a huge problem with commitment: my eyes become closed for other girls, but there is a sexual block in my hormones. Apparently my sex drive is at its utmost capacity when I am single. And when I am single I am a machine, as I feel there should be no limit for one's sexual involvement. Be it two partners or two thousand partners in a lifetime, the limit should be according to that individual's personal standards. When I was in high school, I had sex with eight girls before my third relationship.

I have been commuting to college for the past year and a half. In this time I haven't found a connection with any women in my school, and I haven't kept in touch with anyone from my grade in high school. This social isolation has driven my hormones into an insatiable rage. It has been four months since the last time I've had sex. As a result, I am forced to masturbate at least five times a day. It's a wonder why I haven't been able to find someone to appreciate my thick, seven and a half inch cock and already expansive wealth of sexual knowledge.

Most of the girls I've met at the college dorm at the school. Unfortunately they have maintained their high school mentalities, and since I live at home, I notice that the level of their immaturity doesn't match the level of intellectuality that my independence has instilled. It isn't just the freshmen. As their years increase, as the level of freedom granted upon their lives expands, their minds maintaining the same youthful naïveté, I grow depressed, longing for an older woman with a more experienced worldview to teach me something, especially in the realm of sexuality.

THE SUPERMARKET THURSDAY 1.18.07

Since I live at home and don't have a job, there are curtain chores that my parents have bestowed upon me, such as weekly visits to the supermarket for food and groceries. There is nothing that I hate more than shopping, especially for groceries. Walking aimlessly through the aisles and refrigerated areas, such as the dairy department, where I am currently searching for milk, freezing my balls off—it's all very mundane and holds few rewards. I find the milk I've been looking for and bend down to retrieve it. When I rise, I accidentally bump into a woman standing close behind me.

"Sorry," I say instinctively, before realizing who the woman is: my friend Steve from high school's mom Debbie, who all the guys called mom in place of a formal title or the too-casual usage of her first name.

"Hey, Jerry!" she says, pulling me in tightly for a hug after I place the milk in my shopping cart.

Beneath her brown turtleneck sweater I can feel her huge breasts press against my chest. They're implants, but somehow that adds to their appeal. 

"How have you been?"

"Hey mom. I've been alright," I say, grateful that she is holding the hug for so long.

She pulls away but holds my right hand with both of hers.

"How's school? I haven't heard from you in so long."

"Honestly, it sucks," I say.

She laughs and I smile shyly.

"Do you have a girlfriend?" she asks, releasing my hand and pulling her stylized brown hair behind her ear.

I look into her deep hazel eyes.

"No," I say after a short pause.

"That's unfortunate," she says, frowning playfully.

"Sure," I say, quickly taking note of the shapely thighs beneath her jeans.

She is wearing boots made of snakeskin with low heels.

"Why don't you stop by the house some time?" she asks.

"When?" I ask.

"Any time. Jeff has been busy at the office till 9PM every night, Steve and Brit are at school, and I'm home all alone."

"You don't work anymore?"

"They laid off half the company," she says.

There is no indication of regret in her voice.

"Here," she says, pulling a business card out of her purse.

She scribbles her number and gives it to me. 

"Give me a call: the sooner the better."

"Sure," I say, accepting the card and stuffing it in a pant pocket.

"See you soon," she says, kissing my cheek and giving me one last wholesome hug.

I watch her walk away and hope that no one notices my half-hard cock.

MEMORY FROM HIGH SCHOOL:

"Check this one out," Steve says to Brian and Jay, referring to the dirt bikes on the computer screen in the basement.

The dim overhead bulbs and glow of the computer screen and TV on the other side of the room offer the only sources of illumination in the room. Bored, I lie on my stomach and watch a TV show in which I'm not particularly interested.

"Why is your butt crack hanging out, Jerry?"

I turn around and find Debbie standing over me.

"Sorry," I say before pulling my pants up.

"I'm just joking," she says, gently smacking my ass when no one is looking. "Does anyone mind if I work out down here?"

No one responds; they are too busy looking at the dirt bikes on the computer.

"I guess not," she says to herself.

Turning the treadmill on, Debbie starts jogging slowly, practically a brisk walk. I watch her from the corner of my eye, amazed that she is willing to walk in front of us wearing a sports bra revealing her huge tits and short jean shorts that barely conceal her ass. Her tits bounce freely as my cock grows hard.

"Take a picture, it'll last longer," she says, winking wryly at me.

Embarrassed, I look away and shift my attention back to the TV.

THE SHOWER THURSDAY 1.18.2007

I jack off my cock with powerful force, my cock pulsing in my hand, imagining myself fucking Debbie from behind in this very shower. I have been obsessing over her insistence at the store about seeing me soon. I cradle my balls in one hand as I blast a stream of semen onto the tiles of the floor, imagining Debbie turning around to accept my load on her tits before spreading it with her hands and licking them, sucking her fingers clean. I get out of the shower and realize that my lust is still flowing strong, so I jack off again in my room and then go to sleep.

AN IMPORTANT PHONE CALL FRIDAY 1.19.07

I don't bother waking up for school today. My parents both go to work before I leave in the morning, so I can get away with sleeping in whenever I want. But by 12:32PM, my eyes are open and staring at the ceiling to adjust to the day. I'm not hungry. All I can think about is Debbie and the business card waiting in my pant pocket from yesterday. Finally, I rise from the bed, too tired to even get hard, and get dressed.

After breakfast I sit down on the couch in my living room and stare at the business card, the numbers drawn with a feminine hand, Debbie's hand. I can imagine the deep purple of her nail polish with the thought of her stroking my cock, smiling, the red lipstick glistening on her lips.

Anxiety takes hold of me and I can't stand the idea of the opportunity slipping from my grasp. I pull out my cell phone and dial the number. After a few rings the machine comes on and my heart sinks. I sit still and stare at the wall where the light breaks through the window, the windowsill blocking the light to cast a perfect shadow. The phone rings suddenly and relief watches over me when I realize that it is the number that I just called.

"Hello?" I answer.

"Who is this?" a woman's voice on the other line asks.

"It's Jerry," I say hesitantly.

"Oh, hey Jerry!" she exclaims.

I can't help but smile.

"How are you?"

"I'm good, I'm good..." she trails off. "I wasn't expecting you to call so soon," she says after a pause.

"Oh—I'm sorry," I say, embarrassed.

"No, no. I'm glad. What are you doing today?"

"Nothing at all," I say, maybe a bit too hurriedly.

"Good! Why don't you stop by? We can have some coffee or something."

"Sure," I say. "What time do you want me to come by?"

"How about now? I just have to hop in the shower but I'll almost be finished by the time you get here. Just walk inside and make yourself at home in the TV room."

I think to myself for a minute.

"Yeah sure. I don't see a problem with that," I say, standing up to check my pants for my car keys.

We hang up the phone and I get in my car immediately.

ENTRY FRIDAY 1.19.07

I've been sitting on a couch in the TV room for about ten minutes. I can hear the water pouring down the drain of the shower through the floorboards as it rushes through the pipes and wonder what Debbie is doing upstairs in the bathroom of the large house. Jeff has provided well for Debbie and her two children, Steve and Brit, who both share the same father. Their parents have been divorced for almost ten years, but they spend most of their time at home with their mother. 

Jeff and Debbie got married only a year and a half before I met Steve. I'm amazed that she could possibly be attracted to him. He has a nerdy style, short with glasses and a lame mustache. He's a nice enough guy, but his position as a high profile computer programmer stunts his social appeal as it injects a condescending slant to his personality.

I hear footsteps coming down the stairs after I have been looking over some family photos for a while. My eyes first catch her bare feet, then crawl up her exposed thighs, always tan and sculpted, up her colorful bikini bottom, and over her taught stomach before being suffocated with the sight of her matching bikini top. A violet robe hangs loosely from her arms. I look up at her face in amazement.

"Do you want to go in the Jacuzzi?" she asks casually.

I struggle to find the words: "I don't have a bathing suit."

"Don't be silly," she says, giggling. "You're a boy. Wear your underwear."

"I wear briefs," I say nervously.

"So?" she asks playfully, prolonging the vowel sounds.

I sit and wait for her to say something else.

"Well let's go," she says, clapping her hands together. "Take off your clothes."

JACUZZI FRIDAY 1.19.07

Debbie has been talking for the past forty minutes in the Jacuzzi about her family and what's been happening in her life during the year and a half that I haven't been over the house. I stopped listening a long time ago: I've been staring at her tits instead, the perfect skin bobbing on the surface of the bubbling water. My cock has been throbbing so hard that it almost hurts. Then the bubbles stop suddenly.

"The timer went off," she explains. "Why don't you reach over and turn the dial back for me?"

Mobility eludes me and I sit still in silence.

"Right there," she says, pointing.

The weight of the world presses on my chest and stand up when I realize that I have no choice, my cock penetrating the air in front of me, water dripping from the mass bulging through my black underwear. I look up at Debbie, sure that my face looks devastated.

"Oh God," she says to herself, raising a hand to cover her mouth.

"I'm sorry," I say, jumping out of the Jacuzzi. "Maybe I should just leave."

"No, it's okay," she says reassuringly, stepping out of the Jacuzzi to grab her robe from the floor.

She walks over to me and holds it open for me.

"Thanks," I mumble, slipping my arms through the sleeves.

LIVING ROOM FRIDAY 1.19.07

"Here you go," Debbie says, handing me my cup of hot chocolate.

"Thanks," I say, looking at the marble table in front of me.

"Don't be upset about before," she says, taking a seat next to me on the beige leather couch. "Things happen."

"Some things are worse than others."

"You think that's bad? What about me?" she asks.

"What about you?" I ask, confused.

"How do you think I feel?" she asks.

"About what?"

"Is your underwear still wet?" she asks suddenly, urgent.

"A little, why?"

"Shit—is the couch wet?"

"I'm sorry," I say, rushing to my feet and resting the cup of hot chocolate on the table.

I look at her and find her eyes staring at my crotch, which I guess is perpetually hard in this house, smiling. She tricked me. 

"Never mind, don't worry about it. However, what concerns me," she says, "is that I am almost completely exposed, and you are wrapped in a robe just because of a natural reaction."

"I think the unfairness of the situation is pretty obvious."

"Sit down, but take off the robe first."

"I really don't feel comfortable doing that," I say, sitting down.

"So it's okay for you to look at me but I can't look at you?"

"What are you talking about?"

"Don't play stupid. You've been looking at my body all day. Do you like what you see?"

I just stare at her, contemplating what to say.

"Yes."

"Why?"

"It's very hard not to notice."

"So are you," she says, her eyes practically twinkling.

"Great."

"I'm serious," she says, laughing as she pushes me playfully. 

"Come on, take off the robe."

"No," I say, trying not to smile.

"If you do I'll tell you a dark secret," she says, smiling devilishly.

"What kind of secret?" I ask.

She stands and walks over to me, placing one knee on each side of my body, lowering her torso to mine. She leans in close to my ear.

"Why do you like looking at them so much?" she whispers.

"Looking at what?" I whisper back.

"My chest," she says, breathing into my ear.

"The area is hard not to notice."

"Why?" she whispers again, opening the robe and pressing her tits against my chest.

"Because your tits are fucking huge," I whisper, breathing in the fresh scent of her shampoo.

"Is that so?" she says, grinding me.

"Yes," I say, moving along.

"So are you," she whispers, licking my earlobe.

"What about me?" I ask.

She slides the robe off my shoulders and sits next to me on the couch.

"What about you?" she asks, gliding her hand down my underwear and masterfully stroking my hard cock.

She moans and then giggles in the voice of a woman.

"What do you think of my cock?"

"Oh, I don't know," she says, pulling down my underwear, causing my dick to spring free. "I have some ideas."

While still it, she leans in and gives me a warm kiss, her mouth tasting sweet.

"How do you think Steve would feel about this?" she asks, kissing down my chest until she reaches my hard cock, licking down the shaft before gliding it into her mouth.

"I don't care," I say, leaning back into the couch and closing my eyes, my face tilted up toward the ceiling.

She loses it and starts sucking fiercely, taking as much as physically possible.

"I love your fat cock," she says to me, almost growling. "Do you love how I suck your cock? Do you?" she asks, sucking the head of my cock so hard I can barely take it.

Words elude me and I can only moan. Just when I begin to wonder how she can take deep throat my entire shaft, she pulls it out and starts stroking it like a professional. She smiles and licks from the base to the head. Then she takes off her bikini top and begins titty fucking me.

"So, Jerry," she says. "What do you want me to do?"

Realizing that a dream is coming true, I lose my timid shell and begin stroking my own cock as she stands. I beat harder and then look at her intently.

"Come here," I command.

She squeals and giggles when I grab her ass and pull her toward me.

"How old are you?" I ask.

"Forty one," she says, breathing deep.

"Did you know that you were older than I am now when I was born?"

"Does it matter?" she asks, kissing my neck, rolling her tongue in circles over my skin.

"No," I say. "Take off your bottom."

She smiles and does as I say.

"Now what, sir?" she asks softly.

"Get some slobber on my cock," I instruct.

She gets my cock wet and easily runs over hand over me.

"I'm going to fuck you right now," I say, pulling her close.

"Is that so?" she asks, giggling.

"Yes. Glide over my cock."

She slowly descends and I feel our throbbing bodies unite. My cock is too huge for her tight pussy so I push softly to her rhythm. Eventually I can fill her and she breathes heavily.

"Fuck me, Jerry," she says between gritted teeth.

I thrust upward as she grinds forward and backward, sending a numb, pleasurable pain down the head of my cock. Thirsty for the sting, I thrust upward harder, grabbing her by her ass, maneuvering her movements. She starts screaming and I spank her. Then I suck on her nipples as hard as I can and she loses it, scratching my back as I beat her with my cock.

"You're my old little whore," I say, biting her tits. "Do you like that?" I ask, thrusting at my hardest. "Do you like that cock?"

She can't respond with all her screaming, so I lift her off of me and bend her over the couch.

"Now you're going to get it," I say, welcoming the unrestrained aggression. "You'll never forget this."

I feel around with my fingers and return my cock deep inside of her. I pull back on her shoulders as hard as I can and feel myself hit back. Now she is screaming like I'm whipping her, diving into depths that shouldn't be reached, ten inches deep of solid youth. I fuck her like this for I don't know how long, and it only feels more intense as the minutes drone on.

"Where should I cum?" I manage to call out over the screaming.

"Cum in my mouth, cum in my mouth," she says, falling to her knees and opening her mouth with her eyes closed. "Cum in my mouth, cum in Mommy's mouth," she begs in a low voice, "cum, cum."

And cum I do, pouring endless globs into her mouth. She opens her eyes and stares at me, letting me know that she is my slave, as she drinks it like her morning coffee. Taking deeper advantage of the moment, I pull her by her hair and force her to swallow my entire cock again. She lets out one chuckled moan and lets the last of me flow down her throat. Before I grow soft, she climbs on top of me and I fall inside of her effortlessly. She begins shifting forward and backward and up and down, but softly now. 

"You didn't think I was going to let you get away with this that easily, did you?" she asks with an eyebrow raised before letting her head fall back in ecstasy, her hair flowing down her back.

I move my body in time with hers, this time letting my fingers grace over her anus, and she giggles in delight.

AFTERMATH FRIDAY 1.19.2007

I get dressed and ready to leave before Steve can get home. Before I leave, Debbie walks up to me and kisses me passionately.

"Um, Jerry," she says. "Call me on Monday, okay?"

"Sure," I say, smiling widely before walking out the door and driving away in my car, knowing that this is one affair I'll never regret.