 Knowing that a big black cock was waiting for her back home, made Amanda a little less upset over her bosses behavior! The man [her boss], was a monster, easy on the eyes, but definitely a monster! He expected her to start working as early as 7am, and who in god's name woke up at that time? Then he wanted overtime, not that he didn't pay her extra, but doing overtime everyday------he decidedly had to be nuts! 

Now coming back the ‘big-black-cock-at-home'. It wasn't as if she had married or anything and nor had she gotten a boyfriend, it was just that her new gardener had other talents besides green fingers. His fingers, when bedded in her pussy made her want to break into song. His rough and calloused hands on her clit, stroking and stroking and stroking her being, had brought her to many an orgasm. And then there was his wonderful cock. Thick, 9inches long and with amazing staying power! 

This train of thought made her hot and more than a little wet. She thought about all her options, the ‘monster' had ordered another ‘overtime', so she couldn't go and do something about her ‘condition...A lot of hesitation and some apprehension followed....and then she made the decision. 

She got up, and locked the door to her room. Then went back to her desk and took out the brand new vibrator that she had purchased, logged onto her favorite porn site and settled comfortable on her chair. 

She first shed her panties, but left her garter belt on....this was what her ‘gardener' liked. Slowly she started stroking her nub, all the while waiting for the computer screen to flash something hot. Then as if the site had heard her mental plea, a black twosome fucking a white teenager came on. 

Her stroking became a little more vigorous. The screen trio was banging into each other, harder and harder. The girl was literally squished between the two humongous cocks.....in and out and in and out. Her fingers following each movement. She couldn't take it any more and picked up her vibrator and turned it on.... 

"Ahemm....", she heard a male voice so very near her. Must be my imagination, she thought. 

"Looks like you are working overtime!.", this time she turned. It was her boss. All clean and unruffled, though his breathing was a little fast. 

Here she was her legs spread apart, her hairless pussy dripping wet, her computer screen with a fucking scene whose heat could melt the arctic, a switched on vibrator in her hand.......and her boss watching! Shit!! And she had literally lost her tongue!! 

"Looks like you need a little help with your work," he came towards her chair, "we can't have a machine do you, now, can we?" 

pulling her out of her chair, he took the vibrator and switched it off. "You my dear are running way ahead of me," he said stroking her breasts through her blouse, "don't you think you should help me catch up?" 

She finally understood. And slowly drew her hands down his front....then cupped him though his trousers. "Aahh", he whispered in her ears, "you finally did catch on!" 

She undid his buckle, pulled down his zipper, he stepped out of his pants....his underwear, if you could call it that, was black and silky and there was hardly any of it....she sighed....and pulled that off him too! 

Her hand started a slow rhythmic stroking of his cock...when she reached the end she realized that it was big....in fact very very big...and thick....it made her gardener's dick look like a worm.... 

"How big are you?", she couldn't keep the wonder out of her voice. "Take me where I want to go, and you'll discover!", he chuckled a little, but his voice was thick. 

She made him sit on the desk and knelt in front of him. She licked the sides of his cock, till she came to his balls...she nipped him there. He winced, "ouch", and yanked her head back with her hair, "Getting a little naughty, haan!?" 

She simply pulled out of his grasp, and continued exploring his length. Then all of a sudden she took him in her mouth and started sucking, and licking his tip with her moist and hot tongue....his bulge increased, if that were possible, he moaned at her ministrations, her movements making him want to come. He held her head firm and literally jammed his dick down her throat and started fucking her face with a vengeance...in and out and in and out. She continued to suck him, trying to milk him totally....all the while stroking her clit! 

"Shit, you are good bitch" he groaned, "I'm going to cummm...aaah..." that were his last words before unloading his ‘cum' [sperm] in her mouth.....she tried to eat all of it...but he kept cumming n cumming....her mouth overflowed, and the cum spilt on her blouse...her own orgasm followed seconds later. Her pussy squirt out loads of juices, ( in amounts that she didn't think were possible). 

A while later, both of them moved away panting...he kept sitting on the desk and she sank into her chair...the only sounds to be heard were of the couple fucking doggy-style on her computer. She watched them, mesmerized. The guy's cock was at least 8' long and the girl had a very hairy pussy. He kept banging into her from behind, she didn't let up the rhythm and banged right back, her breasts bouncing like crazy. Seconds later they literally screamed their completion....and she turned her attention to her boss. He too had been watching the scene...and his flaccid prick had sprung to life. 

They made eye contact...his intentions were clear. She had apprehensions about inserting the monster-cock into her cunt. It was big. It would reach places where ‘no man had gone before'. It would stretch her. It would tear her. It would satiate her. 

She got up and moved to the desk. Pulling him off it, she said "My turn I think!", and sat on the desk and spread her legs. He simply growled his accent and yanked off her skirt. She heard the material tear, but her attention was riveted on the huge penis pointed at her. 

He started stroking her nub. His calloused hands felt good. Then he ripped her blouse with the other hand, and pinched her nipples through her lacy bra. "Ouch", she let out "that hurt, you jerk", and tried to pull away. He held on fast. "Pay back time my sweet! Don't you see it!" he kept on increasing the pressure of his strokes..."Don't you feel it". She simply moaned as her head hell back. 

He then simply ripped off her bra, and his mouth found her breast, her nipple was already rock hard.....and his hand squeezing the other breast hard, then kneading it. All the while he kept stroking her center. 

She felt a big orgasm come, the room lit up and she could see a white hot light, her entire body screaming for completion. Then he stopped. Completely! She opened her eyes to see him smile at her his hands were by his side. 

"We need more space", was all that he said. And simply brushed away all that was there on her table, it landed with a loud clatter...this only brought another smile to his face. He pushed her back till she was lying on her back on the table. He spread her legs, positioned his engorged cock, and slowly entered. 

She could feel herself stretch to accommodate him...more and more as he slid in. It was a wonderfully new experience. She lay back enjoying it, when suddenly he thrust his entire length in her. She sat up in pain. She felt stuffed. Torn. "That hurt, you moron", he simply pushed her back, pulling her legs up and linking her ankles around his neck. And started moving, oh so slowly. 

She moaned her pleasure, and timed her own self according to his movements in her....in and out and in and out. Then just as quickly he started increasing the speed....and the pressure....she felt the pain, she felt the agony, she felt the ecstasy! He pounded her pussy as if he were scoring runs in front of a fast throwing baseball machine....she didn't lag behind. Her strokes matched his. Her pussy contracting everytime he entered her, his cock pulling out with a jerk only to pound back in! 

"Uummhhh....yeaaah", she heard him. Her only sounds were a deep mewling sound! 

"Shit", she felt him quiver in her, "I'm gonna cumm", she fastened her own movements, and he simply started stroking her nub hard..... 

They moved as one, in and out and in and out....then they felt convulsions rack them. She felt him spill her seed in her womb....he felt himself drown in her juices.... 

The world literally stopped.... 

The only sound was their gasps and the computers ‘gasps', they turned a little to see a black woman getting her arse fucked... 

Apart from that there was no movement....he was still in her, and she didn't want to push him out. He filled her completely.... 

"11.2'", he gasped. 

"What?", she asked totally at a loss. 

"11.2"....that's how long I am!" he chuckled.....seeing her confusion. 

"shit, that sure is looong" 

"shit", he mimicked back....."that means you sure are deep...!!" 

A deep sigh, a punching sound and some more chuckling was heard.... 

There is more.....but rest later.....only after I get some positive feedback.