 I go home in total shock at what has just happened! I walk in, grab a beer and pound it. As hot as that was, I am disgusted with myself! All the pussy I have stuffed in my life and now I'm a FAG is the only thought in my head! I grab 2 beers, head to my desk and grab my bag of weed out of the drawer. I push my mouse to wake the screen from its sleep, and a paused video of a big fat white ass gripping a fat white cock comes into view! I unroll my bag of weed pull the buds to one side and hold it at an angle so all the shake falls to the corner. I dip my bowl in as if ladling out some green leafy soup! My left-hand thumb packs the bowl, my right left clicks the mouse and moans erupt from the speakers as I crack my beer and take a big drink! 

The next 15 minutes are basically me trying to rinse the filth off with beer, as I try to fog my mind with smoke while my rock hard dried saliva covered shaft strains against my shorts.! Once I have but a swallow of beer left in my second can, and I have burnt the top of my third bowl. I strip down naked and click on another video of a hot well-dressed bimbo about to strut in her heels, perfect makeup and drain all the available cocks of their man milk! I grab ahold of my 5 15/16" x 4 3/4" cock and try to rip it off. Even with this hot slut working on multiple cocks in front of me, all I see is my cock and his eyes! In under a minute of rhythmic stroking a fat ropey strand hits my collarbone, then another at the top of my stomach. The remaining strands just flop over the back of my hand and run between my fingers. My cum strewn hand grabs the last sip of beer. When I set down the empty can, it moves as the cum refuses to let go of either of us! I just wipe my hand on my shoulder and chest as I head to the shower with my head hung in shame! 

As the hot water is relaxing my sore body from the long shocking day. I think about what has just happened. I can't believe I just had a man on man experience. Yet as I think about it my cock stiffens and I am amazed. I didn't like it, I kept thinking over and over. Yet my cock is telling me the truth. It was the most amazing blow job I have ever experienced. I am now harder than I have ever been in my life, and I am thinking about getting sucked off by a man, moments after... my second load of the day...what is wrong with me? 

I start to wash and clean myself up, the water has made the load on my chest and hairy belly gel, and chunk up. All the soap and rag are doing is rolling the bubble cum into little balls, and matting them under my body hair. So I wind up picking them out and rinsing them off my fingers under the shower head. I thoroughly wash my cock and balls. Ditching the rag, I lather my hands with thick rich foam and once again grab myself determined to shoot a load down the drain. Only now instead of hating myself, all I am thinking about is will he suck me off tomorrow. I am so worked up over the thought the third load of the evening doesn't take as long as usual. Standing outside the shower drying off, I realize I didn't even wash my lower body. Oh well after this day I got beer to drink, weed to smoke and cum to drain. 

I wrap the towel around my waist and head to the kitchen. Since I am already nine beers in, I grab the big mixing bowl and throw five or six cans in and liberally ice them down. Having been to the level of getting drunk and passing out at the computer once or twice before. I grab the Tupperware bowl that the mixing bowl fits into as not to soak my desk! I grab my fifth of Firewater (105 proof cinnamon schnapps, no longer made) out of the freezer and throw a shot glass on the ice and head back to the crank station that is my computer desk! 

When My alarm goes off, I am still at the computer. Empty cans everywhere, a full shot glass, and most of my weed went up in smoke! Fuck! I don't remember anything. My stomach hair is so matted down with cum, I must have enjoyed myself. I take the empty bucket O beers to the master bath to drain the melted ice and turn the faucet hot water on to draw water to the back of the house. I return to my desk and pile empties into the two bowls and do a quick clean up then hop in the shower to de-cum. The hot water makes semi-quick work of the dried children on my stomach and slowly pulls me out of my stupor. 

I don't even think about the previous evening, I head into work and my day is normal. I go home, change, hop on my bike, and ride to the gym. Who is the first person I see? Yeah, Mr. big dick great cocksucker. He smiles and keeps on going. I think about the previous days' events, and I begin to swell hating myself for it. I shrug the thoughts off and proceed to work out like a beast. Trying to rid my mind of a conversation I know needs to happen. After my workout, I go to the locker room to freshen up for the ride home. "Dave" is in there putting on his shirt. I go to my locker in the next row to get undressed for a rinse. Just as I am totally naked he pops his head around the corner and says if I want to swing by on my way home for a beer to feel free. He turns around and leaves without another word being said.

Thinking about the blow job he gave me while I am in the shower, and the opportunity to receive another one. I am torn, but once again my cock is telling me the truth. A raging hard-on in the middle of a public shower is not something easily hidden. I get a smile from the guy a few showers down. What is wrong with me, why is this guy smiling at my cock, and is everyone a closeted fag? Just a few of my thoughts, as I hurry up to get out of here. I rush to get dried off, throw on my shorts, shirt then sit down. I think I had a quiet psychotic break while grabbing for my socks and shoes. I had a hundred thoughts in a split second and a tear ran down my face. I have at least two women I can call and fuck at the drop of a hat. On top of three others, I can take out for an evening and wind up in the sack with. Why am I wanting a man? I come to grips with the fact that it is not my fault, this isn't me! Fuck this guy! I finished getting dressed, and peddle my ass off headed home.

As I ride, my mind clears, and I calm down. I realize I'm not the one sucking cock, so it's alright (isn't it funny how the mind finds a way to make things we like, that we think are wrong OK?) So I head over for "a beer" anyway. When I get there, he smiles and hands me a beer. We sit on his back deck and talk as if I'm just there as a social bud. Well, one beer turns to two which turns to four and then six. He gets up and says he needs to be up early for work and I should probably head home. We shake hands and I get on my bike to head home feeling confused and disappointed. 

WTF just happened. I am straight! Now, I am disappointed at a man not wanting to suck my dick? I should be happy, but I am sad and feel rejected. The ride home takes forever or so it seems. When I get home and get situated I see I have a message on the answering machine.

It was Tina wanting to know if I was doing anything tonight. We have a long history. Her dad raced with my dad when they were younger. Her older brother and I hung out in the same group. Both being into cars, racing and weed (He was actually one of the guys I used to get my weed from). Her sister dated one of my close friends after high school for a while. Tina also got married to one of the guys in the local car group. When she was younger before marriage, she was a lot better looking. But after a kid, a failed marriage, and working a couple of jobs to get by. Her face was showing she had a hard life. She was a single mom, about 35, 105 pounds, a small B cup with pencil eraser nipples, but had an ass like a 200-pound black woman. She was almost too skinny, you could see her upper ribs, and she had that long blond stringy hair that screamed queen of the trailer park. We became regular friends with benefits soon after her divorce

Since it was still early evening, I was half lit and horny, I called her up. She was a few beers in which on a work night was abnormal. Apparently, her kid had practice in the morning and stayed with a friend. She said she was low on weed, had the money but couldn't afford to spend it. So I told her I was low as well, but if she wanted to grab some work clothes and stop by her brothers for me, she could just stay here. She agreed, so I sat the phone down checked the fridge and decided I needed to grab my keys and head down to the liquor store for beer and a bottle. After returning home, I got a quick shower, threw on some thin pajama pants, and put on WIXY radio (Classic Country is her favorite). 

When she pulled in and got out of the car, she was dressed like a single mom going to her kid's baseball game. She had on cut off jeans that were too long to be daisy dukes, and because of her build they were loose in the front and painted on tight in the ass! A thin loose white lacy tank type top, that showed those beautiful pencil eraser nipples perfectly. I open the door before she got to the porch, and head to the kitchen and grab us both a beer. 

She comes in just as I am getting back to the living room, beer in each hand. We embrace and kiss, as the beer bottles clank behind her. After that brief embrace, I hand her both beers and tell her to pack a bowl up for us. I head to the kitchen for the open bottle and a couple of shot glasses. When I return she is in doggy style on the couch preparing the weed on the side table, so I empty my hands and kneel up behind her pushing my cock into her. Tina wraps a leg around mine and pushes back into me with a little whimper. So I grab her shoulders and pull her up to me, clearing her hair from her neck and kissing it. She spins her neck around keeping her ass firmly planted on my crotch, gives me a kiss and says we have all night! 

After a couple of beers, shots and getting plenty stoned, she headed to the bathroom. She returns with her shorts left undone and grabs us a few beers. Setting them on the end table and climbing on top of me for a kiss, no doubt feeling my hard-on. I run my hands up her body stopping one at her neck and the other supporting her back. Spinning her around with enough force to say I am a man that wants you, yet soft enough not to ruin the moment. I slide down her body. She instinctively curls her legs up while sliding her shorts down, presenting me with a perfect view of her fully clean shaven goodness! I admire the site for more than a brief moment. 

Leaning in I dip my head and moisten her labia. I am so worked up, that I can't be subtle! I bury my nose in her and drag my tongue through her as I head for her clit! When I get there with my tongue, I repeat the same motion again and again until she is soaked. Finally, I stop at her clit and trace circles until I feel it begin to stiffen, then moisten my middle two fingers and insert one slowly. Still licking her clit, I drool to make sure everything goes smooth. Once my finger is fully inserted, I curl it upwards and make circles on my way out! Then both fingers plunge deep inside her, pushing in and up firmly with a slight walking motion! I remove my fingers after a minute, leaving her wanting. I then grab the back of her knees, spread her legs, rocking back, leveraging her into my tongue that is running thru her now open slit. I keep going until I hit her ass, burying my tongue deep. My nose inside her sopping wet pussy. Sliding my hands to her ass, as I force my tongue as far into her sphincter as I can manage. She loves this the most, as she has told me repeatedly. Her saying give me that dick is all it takes me to stop. I stand up while dropping my pants and kick them across the room. Folding her legs back as far as they go with my shoulders, I lean in and slide deep within her. She drops her legs to my side and pulls me tight, I scoop her up cock still buried and walk her to the bedroom! 

There is something about a woman that barely weighs anything that makes you feel like a beast of a man! Once in the bedroom, I toss her to the original, thick memory foam queen sized bed with a spinning motion. She lands on her back and I drag her ass to the edge by her ankle like a caveman. I grab the other leg and ball her up like a Dear John letter. Looking down at her pussy, I muster a large wad of spit and let it fall to her pussy, as my cock lines up with her. As soon as it hits I slide balls deep and hold it there. Her hands come to my love handles and I feel the nails dig in. Mmmmm agh what a feeling! I begin to move slow almost rhythmic at first and close my eyes. When I do all I see is this man looking up at me, with a mouth full of my cock. Now, Tina and I have never "made love", she has always been a good hard fuck. My blood begins to boil, 

I open my eyes and feel nothing but hatred towards her. I pull my foot up onto the bed and place it at about her waist. This breaks her grip, on that side. As her nails lose their grip, blood comes to the surface. I start ramming into her with most of my weight behind me. After several strokes, I grab my cock by its base and pull out. Three real hard smacks on the clit with the tip of my cock. Then back to balls deep railing. I had never gone at her this hard before. The sounds of a severe spanking and a plunger working a drain are the worst yet best description I can come up with. Soon I leverage my other foot to the bed, forcing my full weight behind my cock. Her legs are shaking uncontrollably, and I can feel her watery discharge as I regain my rhythm. I maybe get two or three strokes before I begin to spill inside of her. Thank God she is fixed. Still having my youthful ability of recovery, I push through the first orgasm and begin to pound harder. I can feel the mixture of our fluids splashing everywhere. It is like my balls are being dipped into a pool that is her asshole! 

I feel my foot start to slip off the side of the bed and use this distraction to regain composure. I gain better footing, then pull her off my cock and toss her to the center of the bed. I duck walk to her and spin her over by her ankle. She widens her knees and arches her back like a good little fuck puppet. Her opened, reddened, dripping pussy calls to me. I smack her ass hard, then again. The handprints stand out on her pale white bulbous ass. She pushes her pussy higher begging me for more, and I oblige. Lining up from a foot away, I grab a handful of ass sinking my thumbnail deep in that tight back hole. Pulling her towards me, I run balls deep again. Like a jackhammer, I try to split her in two. Her back arches like a cat, my balls pimp slapping her clit as if it owes me money sending her over the edge. Her ass begins to jiggle with her thigh spasms once more. Her head drops to the mattress and turns to look at me, mouth stretched open, and her eyes rolled into their sockets only showing white! I take my right foot over her ass and stick my first three toes in her mouth, pinning her face to the mattress. As her face sinks into the memory foam, my cock ramming into her at an angle, her orgasm intensifies! 

Her moaning and shaking are almost comical. Half my foot in her mouth muffles her. For some reason, I imagine the sounds of a dental office and giggle slightly. I sink my thumb deeper and she begins moving her tongue about my toes. Which thickens my cock and my balls raise tight. I open my eyes fully and concentrate to hold back. I can only imagine I looked like Gowron, from Star Trek, but it works. I manage to level out, which only gives me the incentive to pound harder. I am breathing heavy and concentrating so hard, spit is leaving my mouth like a restricted sprinkler system. I spank her with my left hand and I feel her inner cheek raise against my toes hard. Her teeth crashing into the top of my foot when she recoils too far. My orgasm becomes inevitable at this point yet I try to hold back. I accidentally spurt one thick glob inside of her. I tighten my whole body to hold the rest back, but it is an exercise in futility. Once the second spurt slips and my body gives out I just erupt. I shoot hard, it feels like I am being drained from my toes. My left leg spasms and my knee gives out first, sending me into her like dead weight. I start to slide back and out of her, but my grip on her ass drags her with me. My foot pops out of her mouth and she snaps out of her lengthy orgasm. 

She tried to keep the stroking going for me, but she was not in the position or mental state to do so. Yet I am cumming so hard it wouldn't have mattered anyway. She starts squeezing my cock and releasing attempting to milk the rest of my thick batter as I collapse. 

She rolls forward, as I straighten my left leg. Her feet at my nipples, legs on top of me. I gaze at her pussy, swollen red, leaking like a full bottle of Elmer's glue on its side. Three well-welted handprints on her ass. Both of us gasping for air as if we had just spent an eternity underwater and barely made it to the surface. Once we catch our breath and heart rates return to normal she says "My God, what got into you, not that I am complaining!' I just respond I need a drink, She nods in affirmation, but we both just lay there.