 They say that "timing is everything." 

This was the case with Dave and Leah. In the late 80's, Dave went to college in the Pacific northwest and bartended to help pay for college. The place he worked was a restaurant during the week, but had bands on the weekends. Leah was a hot country/rocker chick who played guitar in one of the bands that played where Dave worked. Her long blond hair would shake along with her as she moved to the beat, and her tight tops always seemed to accentuate her 36D breasts perfectly. She would always complete her outfit with a short skirt or tight jeans. There was more than one drink order that wasn't done right because he was distracted...

Dave stayed in the background, not saying much to Leah, until one of the other members in the band introduced the two, and suggested that they should try going for lunch to see where things went. When Dave heard this, he first thought "why would she want to go to lunch with me? She could have anyone who walked into the place. She's hot!" 

To Dave's surprise, however, Leah agreed. They went to lunch, and sparks flew. They couldn't get enough of each other, and over the course of the next year and a half, he missed out on more than a few classes due to them being in bed together. They were a little bit adventurous, but neither dived too deep into their desires, worried about scaring each other away, and they were both still too young to fully discuss their deepest fantasies. 

While their bedroom (and living room, and car, and etc..) life was strong, there were other areas of their lives that didn't seem to fully mesh. This sent their relationship into a tailspin, and though there was no real anger about it, they split and went their own directions - Dave went on in his career, and Leah ended up getting married and had a child. 

Fast forward 25 years. Dave has continued through his career, and also got married. Unfortunately his sex life just wasn't the same as it had previously been as his wife was extremely conservative in the bedroom. He also started cycling, and several of his friends were planning to join a bike ride across the state where he had gone to college. 

They asked if he wanted to join their group, to which he quickly agreed. He trained hard, and was getting excited for his upcoming trip. He then learned that their ride was going right through the city his college was in, and they were going to spend the night there. He got to reminiscing, and wondered what Leah was up to. He ended up finding her through social media, and they talked a few times before his trip. He told her about the trip, and she suggested that they meet for lunch on the day that he biked into town. 

He agreed to meeting up, and then they both started talking about some of their earlier sexual activities, and how they were both more adventurous as they got older. Dave actually had a few butterflies on the day that he rode back into town with the large contingency of bikers.

He got into town around 3:00, and took a quick shower before he sent her a text letting her know that he had made it. They agreed to meet an hour later, at a small restaurant near where his tent was going to be for the night. 

He got to the restaurant, and had just sat down when she walked in. She was still hot as he remembered her. She had changed her hair color, and it had a little more curl than before, but other than that, she had not changed. She wore tight jeans, strappy wedges, a red tank top that was just a little too small, and a see-through white button up shirt. She had just 2 buttons fastened, with the bottom tied in a knot to show off her tanned stomach. He felt those butterflies in his stomach move down into a tingling feeling into his cock. It didn't help as she came in close for a tight hug and he was able to inhale her scent and feel her tits press into his chest. 

They talked for about an hour while they ate their foot, first about all that had happened since they had seen each other so many years ago, then about some of the memories that they had made together. The conversation continued to get more sexual in nature, and they both revealed how they both were much more comfortable with their fantasies and desires currently than they had been when they were together. They both laughed a little as Leah said "maybe that's a good thing. We would have never left the bedroom." 

Leah got a mischievous smirk on her face, and said "let's get out of here. I want to go somewhere." So he paid the check, and out the door they walked. He watched her ass sway from side to side as she strode out in front of him. 

Once on the sidewalk, she grabbed his hand and started walking down the street. 

"Where are we going?" Dave asked.

"You'll see," was Leah's reply as they continued to walk down a few more blocks. They turned a corner when he started getting the idea that they may be going to the adult theater that was still open.

"Are we going to the adult theater?" he asked.

Leah didn't say anything, just squeezed his hand a little harder and picked up the pace. She turned to him and said "I have wanted to go there for a long time. I wish we would have been adventurous enough to go when we were together, but I figure that now is our chance."

They got to the front of the theater, and Dave paid for his admission (Leah's was free). The walked down the hallway and into the darkened theater. They could see 3 couples inside and 2 other single guys. The screen was flickering with a man and woman having sex. 

They found two seats towards the back, and sat down. The nervousness of being in this place with Leah had Dave's mind racing, his cock hardening, and his stomach in knots. They watched the moving for a few minutes when Leah reached over and put her hand in Dave's lap and started rubbing his leg. Dave responded by reaching his arm around her and started to brush along the side of her breast. She pushed her tits forward with a deep inhale which made the top of her shirt open up a little more. 

Dave then leaned over and whispered in her ear, "take off your bra". She looked at him with lust in her eyes as she shifted forward in the chair. She then hesitated for just a second as her movement caused two of the couples to turn and look at her. She doesn't stop, though, and reaches behind to unclasp her bra. She slides the straps down her arms as her eyes shift from Dave, to the screen, to the other people who are watching her. She reaches into her tank top, pulls her bra out and drops it on Dave's lap. All the movement has caused the top of her shirt to open up, and the buttons are now along the sides of her breasts. Dave can see her hard nipples pushing through her tank top.

Leah reaches back down to his leg and starts rubbing up and down his leg. She grazes over his dick as his hand glides across her bra-less breast. She lets out a little moan, both from Dave's hand, and also watching one of the other couples, as the woman a few rows away seems to have taken things a step further as she moves over to sit on her man's lap while pulling her shirt over her head, revealing her tits to everyone in the theater. 

Leah's fingers reach to the button of Dave's pants, unbuttons them, and slowly pulls down the zipper as she is leaning towards him starting to kiss his neck. Dave's cock pops out as he lifts his hips and she pulls his pants down to the middle of his thighs. He reaches over and unbuttons the 2 remaining buttons from her shirt as it falls free. He puts his hand on her stomach, and starts to grab at her tight tank top to pull up on the fabric. He pulls it up to the bottom of her breasts as she is starting to slide her hand along the length of his 8" cock. He then pulls up a little more on her shirt and her tits pop into view. 

He starts to knead and play with them as she starts to work her mouth down his chest and stomach towards his cock. This causes her to shift in the chair a little so she is sideways facing him rather than forward. He reaches lower towards her jeans and feels her ass over them. She lets out a small moan as he slides his hand down between her legs. His fingers go to the buttons of her jeans and pops them open. She wiggles her ass as he slides her pants down over her hips, exposing her in the theater. His hand returns to between her legs and can feel the wetness of her panties. He pushes them slightly to the side and pushes a finger in as she starts to suck on his cock. Dave looks around the room to see one of the other couple's having full on sex, and one of the other couples in a similar state to them. The third couple and both of the single guys just seem to be watching. 

Dave reaches back up to help Leah out of her shirt to have easier access to her tits, and starts to go back and forth between her breasts and down between her legs. She is so wet down there. She stops sucking on him for just a second as she pulls her jeans down her legs and completely off. She sits back up wearing only her tank top, which is pushed up over her tits. She looks at his cock while she licks her lips and swings her leg over him so she is straddling him. She reaches down to grab his hard cock as she lines it up with the opening of her pussy. She starts to lower down onto him as she feels the head of his cock stretch, then slide into her pussy. As she slides fully down onto him, she breathes in sharply as his cock drives all the way into her. "Holy hell, I forgot how good you feel inside me.." Leah hoarsely moans as her lips find the side of Dave's neck. She starts to slide up and down his cock as she reaches down to grab his shirt and pull it up over his head and off. She then reaches to her tank top and throws it off next to his shirt and the rest of their clothes. She starts to go faster as her tits start to bounce in rhythm of their hips. He can feel her wetness, and the sounds coming from them starts to get a little louder. 

Dave looks over Leah's shoulder to see the other couples watching them, 2 of which are also fucking. He then looks to his left, down the row, and sees that one of the single guys has moved a little closer, and is also watching them as he is stroking his cock. Leah brings her lips to his as they passionately kiss. Dave tells her "I want to taste you... Now!" 

She lifts her body up as he slides down in the seat. She moves up so she is basically kneeling on the arms of the seat, with her hands resting on the back of the seat. He slides down in the seat, and licks and lightly bites on her nipples and tits. He works his way down her stomach toward her pussy. He starts to lick around her clit and along the length of her pussy lips. He takes a finger and starts to slide it inside her. Leah rocks her hips in rhythm of Dave's finger sliding in and out of her. He then pulls his finger completely out and replaces it with his tongue, pushing it in as far as he can. She moans again, which just encourages him even more. He moves back and forth with his tongue from her pussy to her clit and back again for a little while, the whole time being able to feel and taste her juices more and more. 

Leah reaches down to grab Dave's head, and says "come up here". She shifts back to a standing position and tell Dave to move up in the chair. She lowers her head and mouth to his stomach as her hand circles around his cock. Her mouth keeps going down until it reaches his dick and she again starts to lick at the head of his cock. Her hand moves down the shaft and then starts to play with his balls as she slides his cock further into her mouth. She changes between sucking and licking, and also the pressure inside her mouth to give him an incredible blow job. As she is doing this, Dave reaches down to play with her tits, squeezing them lightly and pinching at her hardened nipples. Dave knows he won't last long if she keeps this up, so after a few minutes, he grab her hair and starts to pull on it. He tells her "I want to fuck you some more."

He pulls her up to a standing position, and tells her to turn so that she is standing sideways, facing towards the single guy who is now feverishly pulling on his dick watching her actions. "I want you to reach and hold onto the backs of the chair", he tells her as he comes up to standing behind her. His hand slides down her arm as he guides her left hand to the back of the chair that is the row in front of them, then does the same with her right arm to the back of the chair in their row. This allows her tits to bounce lightly as she is facing the guy a few seats down stroking his dick. She feels Dave's cock enter her from behind. He starts slowly with a few strokes all the way in and out before starting to go faster. She also starts to match his pace, as she pushes her ass back into him. 

They start going faster as his cock starts slamming into her pussy. The slapping of her ass against his lower stomach starts to get louder. She starts moaning louder as sbe looks to the side, seeing all 3 other couples also fucking in various positions. She reaches down to play with her own tits and nipples. She starts to pull and pinch harder on her nipple, teetering on that line between pleasure and pain, which just increases her pace of pushing her ass back into him. Leah again looks forward to the guy who is masturbating right in front of her and is looking directly at him as he orgasms with his cum landing on his stomach. The sights and sounds pushes her over the edge as she start to squeal and cum really hard. Dave can feel her juices and cum coating his cock and balls. 

Her orgasm doesn't slow them down, however, as Dave keeps fucking her. They can hear 2 of the 3 other couples moaning with orgasms nearby, which again just encourages them even more. After a few more strokes, Dave leans forward so he can whisper into her ear "I want you to lay back on the chair with your legs spread." He pulls his hips back as his cock falls out of her pussy. He controls her hips and sets her down with her thighs outside the arms of the chair and her pussy spread open. She leans back a little bit, feeling the chair back pressing against her lower back. She reaches her arms back to support herself on the chair that is actually in the row behind them. 

Dave then stands between her legs, and again starts to slide his cock inside her slick pussy. The bouncing again causes her tits to move up and down. He must be hitting her in the right spot, as again she quickly starts to get that ragged breathing of a great fuck. They get into a rhythm, and her moaning is getting a little louder. She looks over to the other direction, and sees the other single guy with his cock out, almost looking like he feels like he shouldn't be watching them. She looks back up at him, then again back at the stranger as she gets a little smirk on your face. She reaches out her arm towards him, and motions for him to come closer. He looks like a deer in headlights, but slowly takes a few steps towards her. 

As he gets close enough, she reaches out and starts to stroke his dick up and down. The sight of Dave's cock driving in and out of her and her hand sliding up and down this stranger must have been enough to send the others in the room over the edge, as they again hear the moans of orgasms in a couple different directions. Leah feels his cock start to get even harder after just a few strokes as he tells her that he is going to cum. She keeps stroking as he spurts on her fingers and hand. This also causes her to go over the powerfully cum again. Her eyes roll back as she arches her back, again thrusting her tits towards Dave. He feels her squirting against and on his cock, all the while her pussy is squeezing down on him. This also starts to push him over the edge, and he pulls out of her and explodes all over her stomach and up to her tits.

As she comes back down from her orgasm, she slides back down into her chair. This puts his cock right next to her face, and she starts licking around his softening cock for a few seconds before he also move back to sitting in the chair next to her... 

"That was amazing", she tells him. "I can't believe how much I liked the taste of me on your cock, and how good it feels to fuck you."

They settle back down into the chairs, as the screen continues to show people having sex. The two couples to their left are both also recovering, and completely naked. The couple to their right is still having sex (they spent more time watching them and got started a little later). She is sitting on top of him bouncing on his cock. Her shirt is off, and her bra is pushed up over her tits. Dave's hand instinctively reaches around to again start playing with Leah's breast. She nuzzles in towards him, and says "when do you have to leave? Do you want to come over to my place, and we can see how much more 'fun' we can have? But, when we go to my house, I want to be a little more in charge..."

"well, that sounds interesting." Dave replies. "So how can I refuse that?... But, how about this, as we leave, we each only get 2 articles of clothing, besides our shoes, that we can wear when we walk back outside.."

"Fine," she says, as she reaches for her pants and thin button-up shirt.

Dave then adds "and you can only use 2 buttons on your shirt".

Leah smirks a little as she buttons 2 of the bottom 3 buttons, leaving her with a 'neckline' that is well below your breasts. Dave can see her nipples through the light fabric of her shirt, and also can see them starting to harden up again.

This should be an interesting and exciting walk back to the cars as well, he is thinking...