 Teresa stirs in the morning, waking from an extreme night of incredible love making. Surprising Dick in Spokane after 20 years, the hot passion ensued. After going out for a meal, the passion returned with incredible intensity. Then, in the middle of rest, the phone woke us with a shock as work called him away unexpectedly. On his way out the door, he had told her to sleep, assuring her that she would not be disturbed as he had spoken to the housekeepers. She was sure she should get up, shower and prepare for her day.

I had not expected the phone to ring, and had stumbled through a shower and coffee. Now I have a surprise for her. As usual, the office was chaos and completely unorganized, calling me in for a job that was supposed to go to someone in Seattle. I am being sent back to the motel for another eight hours of rest. Maybe I could even get some rest, but not if Teresa is still in the room. I have a surprise for her if she is still in bed, and she should be as it is very early morning. After a quick trip to the discount store behind the motel, I will go back to the same room to see if I can catch her sleeping.

After checking back into the motel and gathering a few props I stand at the door with my bags and I hear the shower running. "Even better" I think. I quietly slide into the room and prepare for her surprise. Stripping off my clothes, I step into the bathroom. The mirror is covered with the steam from the hot water. I watch the outline of her body under the spray and see her turn her back to the shower door.

Very quietly, I step in behind her and quickly cover her mouth as I shove my already hard cock between the cheeks of her ass and grab her left breast with my other hand, instantly pinching her nipple. I whisper in her ear, "Do what I say and you will feel only pleasure!"

At first, the shock stimulates her to action, until she realizes it is me and that her lover has returned. She pleads, "I will do as you say, just please don't hurt me!"

I turn off the shower and pull her from the stall, moving to the bedroom and the bed. Purely for her I have turned the heat to HIGH so she will stay warm. I shove her face down onto the bed, and tell her "Don't look at me, or I will do something you don't like!"

Watching her naked body on the bed, I am filled with passion for her pleasures. I will have her in this role playing that is so new and exciting. I quickly move to tie her hands, her feet and blindfold her eyes. I move to the head of the bed and put the head of my hard cock against her lips.

"Open up and say 'ah,' you slut, and you had better suck that cock good or you are gonna suffer." I feel her hesitantly slide her lips over my manhood, getting into this fantasy. Slowly, she starts to suck and lick. This hesitancy surely will draw a response, seeking where this is going. "You can do better than that, bitch, SUCK!" I demand. Teresa works a little harder, but she pushes a step further to see where I will take us both. I pump slowly in and out of her mouth, feeling the warm silk envelope my member. I know how good she is at this and that she wants to see my reaction. I pull from her mouth and move to the foot of the bed.

She starts to feel a tingling in her body as it starts to respond to the mental stimulation. The sting of the slap to her right ass cheek reaches her brain before the sound comes to her ears. This is repeated on the other cheek, back and forth until she starts to feel warmth in her bottom. Just when she is sure this is going to stop, the hardness of a cold vibrator pushes against the wet lips of her smooth, shaved pussy. The spanking continues as the stiffness pushes into her. When the false cock has filled her it all stops and a pillow is shoved under her hips and stomach, leaving her breasts hanging slightly.

"I told you if you didn't do it right you would pay" and she feels the nipple clamps bite into her stiffening nipples. "Let see if this warms you up, slut. Don't you dare make a sound or you will pay," she hears.

Teresa feels the vibrator begin to move and hum. Then the spanking begins again. Her body begins to involuntarily respond, and the juice starts to flow. As I dish out slow punishment to the reddening cheeks, I rub my hard cock over her ass, back and thighs. "You are gonna get this and I am going to fuck you so hard, you will forget all others."

Besides the slapping I am putting to her pink seat, I start to pump the vibrator into her. Teresa's hips begin the slow tempo, trying to keep it hidden, but taking on passion of their own. I see this and say "See, you want it, don't you, cunt!" I again move to the head of the bed and give her my meat again which she now attacks with a vengeance. "That is better and if you make me cum I won't fuck you in the ass!"

This is where she slows down, as I now know what she really wants. We have been here in fantasy before and I am sure that this is something we both have come to want and expect. I pull from her mouth saying "OK, slut. Suck this," as a dildo replaces my hard cock. As I move to behind her, she can feel the warm lube being dripped onto her ass. "You had better fuck me great, you fucking cunt!" I state as I am into this fantasy enough to give us both pleasure but no serious pain.

I push the head of my cock into her ass and climb onto her back and start pistoning in and out of her as I reach under her body to grab at the clips on her nipples. Knowing how this will build a fire in her clit, I reach under Teresa's hips and find that pulsating bud, holding it between my index finger and thumb. "Here it comes, baby. Cum for me, Teresa" I whisper into her ear as I pinch her clit and hold pressure on it as we both explode into violent, spasm-filled climaxes. The waves roll over us both as I continue to pump in and out, with the vibrator turned to high, she pushes her hips back into me. The throbbing in my cock seems to be perfectly matched by the pulse in her clit. The room is filled with the sighs and groans of our pleasure.

As the final quivers leave our loins, I breathe into Teresa's ear, "Surprise, honey I am back!"