 Terry and Les live across the street. She’s a 48-year-old housewife. He’s a 50-year-old regional manager for a wholesale grocery firm.

My name is Jack. I’m 60 and retired from a business I sold several years ago. My wife, Ann, owns a 9-5, Monday-thru-Friday school supply outfit.

During the eight years Terry and Les have lived across the street, we’ve become fairly good friends with them. We occasionally get together for cards or dinner and a movie.

Since Terry and I are home during the day, we have for years talked face to face or by phone at least once a day. She’s a looker. Slightly on the plump side, but sexy as all get out, especially in the tight shorts and snug T-shirts she wears when the weather’s warm.

About a year ago, I was talking to her as she planted some tulip bulbs. When she stood, with her legs apart and arms akimbo, I kiddingly put one of my legs between hers. 

“Watch it, Jack,” she snarled.

“Couldn’t help myself, Terry,” I told her with a big grin. “Just wanted to do something I’ve fantasized about, and get between your legs.”

She smacked my arm and said, “I ought to belt you a good one, Herkimer. I would too, if I wasn’t so pissed at Les lately for not wanting to get between my legs often enough to suit me. I have a sneaking suspicion that he’s having an affair with some bimbo at work.”

I didn’t know what to say, so I said nothing.

The following Sunday morning, I happened to see Terry sashaying down her driveway to get the paper from the delivery box out front. She was barefoot and wearing a shorty robe. As usual, I immediately thought how much I’d like to eat her. Of course, I often thought about screwing her, but the idea of burying my face in her snatch was my prime desire. After she had the paper, I watched her ass wiggle provocatively as she headed back to the house. When a section of the paper fell out and she leaned over to pick it up, the robe rode up almost enough to display her ass. I wished I were on my knees behind her, so I could lick that desirable twat.

The next afternoon, I was mowing our front lawn when she waved as she walked down her drive, headed for her mailbox. I stopped my mower and went across the street.

“Hi. You’re looking beautiful as usual.”

“Hi there, you sweet talker. Flattery will get you anything.”

“Don’t I wish. Listen, lady, you can’t do what you did yesterday.”

“Oh? What’s that?”

“You pranced down your driveway barefooted and in a short robe. I damn near creamed in my jeans.”

“Ja-a-a-ck!” “I was hoping the robe would blow open so I could see if you had anything on underneath it. Did you?”

“Wouldn’t you like to know?”

“Actually, I’d rather see.”

“You’re awful.”

“Nope, just horny.”

“OK, you’re horny.”

“You made my mouth water.”

“What? Why?”

“Oral sex.”

“You’re also a pervert.”

“You don’t like oral sex?”

“Well, sure, but I don’t discuss it with anyone.”

“I do. With you. I’m even thinking of copyrighting a phrase I came up with.”

“Tell me.”

“Oral sex sucks.

“Clever. Does that mean you don’t like oral sex?”

“Not on your life. I love oral sex. And I love the suck part, whether I’m doing the sucking or she’s doing it or we’re doing it at the same time.”

“It’s time for me to go inside.”

“Let me know anytime you want to show me what’s under your robe.”

“I may take you up on that if Les doesn’t shape up real soon.”

During the next two days, I neither saw Terry nor talked to her on the phone. But I often thought of our conversation. God, but I wanted to suck her snatch. Then, when I finally saw her out in her yard, I walked over.

“Hi, pretty lady, how’s your love life?”

“Hah!”

“Hah?”

“Yeah, hah! I might as well live in a convent.”

“Anything I can do to help?” I asked as I flicked an imaginary cigar and moved my eyebrows in a poor imitation of Groucho Marx.

“Yes, you can. If Les can fool around, so can I. Come in the house with me.”

“I’m always interested in coming.”

“Me too. Let’s go see what we can do about it.”

When we were inside, she turned to me and asked, “Do you remember when you said you wondered what it would be like to kiss me?”

“Sure. We were on the phone talking about salad, when you told me you like French dressing. And I asked you if you also liked French kissing.”

“I told you I do, and that’s when you said you wondered what it would be like to kiss me that way. Let’s find out right now.”

That first kiss sizzled. Surprisingly, on Terry’s part as well as mine. It was as though each of us had been waiting to share this moment. I pulled her T-shirt out of her shorts and slipped my hand under it to feel her naked breast. She reached down and stroked my hard-on which had been pressing against the lower part of her stomach.

Finally, out of breath we ended the kiss.

“My boobs aren’t very big I’m afraid, but your kiss and your hand sure have made my nipples hard and my pussy wet.”

“And your kiss and your hand sure have made my prick hard. Shall we get undressed right here or go to your bedroom?”

“Guest bedroom,” she said, “the one with a queen-size bed.” I assumed she didn’t want us to use the king-size bed where she and Les have sex.

We walked side by side to the bedroom. I put my hand on her ass and squeezed. 

“Are we going to suck or fuck?” she asked.

“Suck. I want to fuck you but I don’t have a condom.”

“Suck’s fine with me.”

Just the thought of us sucking each other had my balls aching to come. “I’d like to suck you first. I’ve wanted to for years and I’m sure that sucking me has never crossed your mind.”

“Speak for yourself, Jack. I’ve often thought about having sex with you.” 

I couldn’t believe my ears. Neither of us spoke as I undressed her, after which she helped me undress.

I admired her small tits with their big nipples, then bent to lick each of them before I suckled them. She sighed with contentment.

She backed away and looked at my prick and balls as she fondled them. “I’ve never seen an uncircumcised cock,” she said. “Does the skin hang loose over the head when you’re soft?”

“You’ll see, after I come. But first, I’d like for you to lie down so I can see your wet pussy.”

I knelt between her legs and parted the silky lips. My dreams had come true.

“My god, Terry, just looking at your delectable cunt is even more exciting than I ever imagined it would be.”

“Why don’t you quit looking at it and tongue it?”

Do rabbits eat carrots? I couldn’t get my tongue to her pink snatch fast enough. I eagerly licked every inch. When I settled my mouth on her clit and gently sucked it, she placed her hands on my head and pulled me closer.

“Oo-o-o-h-h-h,” she purred as she came. Obviously, it had been some time since Les had satisfied her need to have an orgasm. I almost came from the taste and amount of come I licked from her twat.

I got on the bed with her and fondled her nipples while she regained her breath. She leaned over and French-kissed me, apparently enjoying the taste of her come on my mouth and tongue.

“Man, do you know how to kiss and suck,” she said. “Now I’m going to give you the best blowjob I can.”

She kissed her way down my body until she reached her goal. She lapped the glans just like she’d lick an ice cream cone. Over and over, until I could feel gobs of pre-come oozing from the head of my cock. She slurped it, then probed the slit with her tongue before her mouth surrounded the knob and softly sucked it. Talk about knowing how to kiss and suck. Terry was driving me wild.

Then she lowered her head until her mouth was filled with as much of my prick as she could handle without gagging. She sucked. Actually, the way her head was moving up and down, it was more like fucking me with her mouth.

“I’m gonna co-o-ome, Terry,” I warned.

She mumbled u-u-m-m-m as she sucked more vigorously. When I came, she sucked gently until she had drained every drop and I began to soften.

Her holding my dick and looking at it kept me semi-hard for about five minutes. Finally, my dong became flaccid.

She sort of milked it, then said, “Your foreskin really does cover the head of your prick, with a good-sized piece of suckable skin left over.” She sucked it and, surprisingly to me, my cock began to harden.

“I want to suck you some more,” she said. “I’m going to straddle your face and I hope you’ll suck me too.” 

“We’re insatiable, Terry, but we’ll have to hurry. Les and Ann will be home before long.”

Her warm mouth engulfed my prick as her engorged cunt descended to my eager mouth. Each of us started sucking like there was no tomorrow. Then each of us came. Not nearly as much as before, but enough to give us a wonderful taste of each other’s love juice.

With big grins on our faces, we hurriedly dressed.

“Will you come over tomorrow afternoon and fuck me? 

“I’ll be here. Do you have any condoms?”

“Les has some and I’ll take one. He’s not going to be making out with me nearly as much as he used to, so he won’t need them at home. He can go screw his bimbo. We’ll get some condoms and fuck at least once a week.”

“And suck at least one other time each week.”

“Ri-i-i-ght!” she growled as she put her arms around me. Then, before I headed for home, our tongues slobbered the insides of our mouths in another fabulous French kiss. Heaven? You bet!