 I lost my virginity at the age of twenty-two to a lady of seventy-two which if I'm totally honest was not a pleasurable experience.

This very pleasurable part of my life happened completely unexpectedly six weeks after I lost my cherry.

My thanks again go to my anonymous volunteer editor. 

-o-o-

I was a maintenance engineer for a nationwide company, well more precisely my title was technician and my work often involved working closely with contractors when they installed new equipment. One such contract was in progress and, experimentally, I was removed from all other duties and worked with the contractors exclusively even to the point that I took my tea breaks with them. This was frowned upon by my colleagues but it did seem to oil the cogs and make the work go more smoothly than on other contracts.

Also unusually there were a high proportion of females this time. The manager was Lizzy, a large lady in every respect. She was about fifty, stood well over six feet tall and I guess at least twenty-five stone (350lbs) even her hair was a massive dark brown curly perm with white roots. Lizzy was an excellent manager and kept everyone on their toes, they were all a little bit unnerved by her which was the way she liked it. In reality she would do anything for anyone and was good at letting people off for doctor's appointments etc, as long as they didn't take the micky. 

The supervisor was Alison, looked gorgeous and she knew it, mid twenties blue-eyed, short blonde bob style hair, about five foot three with a slim figure, never wore makeup on her naturally pretty face, big breasts and never a bra. A popular summer style at the time was vest tops with one shoulder strap, she carried this well which she usually wore with tiny shorts and the regulation protective boots. 

She was very conscientious and was usually the last one out, checking on the day's work and making sure everything was switched off and safe. This was one of my duties really so we were often together at this time. It was also easier for us to prepare things for the following day when the others had gone.

The contractors finished at midday on Friday. There was always overtime available in the afternoon, but Lizzy would be standing at the door and sending them home if they returned from the pub worse for drink.

One such Friday Lizzy had turned them all away and was in the office so I thought I was in the equipment room on my own tidying and switching off lights etc.

"Oi what are you doing?"

"Who's that?"

"Put the lights back on."

"Where are you?"

"Up on the wiring grid, put the yellow transformer back on... Thanks."

"I thought everyone had gone home, where are you, what are you doing?"

"Can you come up and give a hand please, over by the hole to the next room." I climbed up the ladder and crawled over the cables, the normal space above the equipment racks is about five feet and allowing for the metalwork and cables this came down to about three feet. In that corner the cables were particularly deep and the ceiling height was reduced a little too. Some of that day's new cables were a mess and Alison was trying to tidy them before the rest went in next week.

Alison was wedged in well under two feet of space kneeling on the cables with her back firmly against the ceiling, The view that greeted me was the top of her head, her blonde hair hanging down, her breasts hanging down, one encased in the blue shirt and the other almost hanging out and one knee. I helped her reposition the cables then helped pull her out of the space she had become wedged into and onto the area where the ceiling was full height. I was backing out of the space so I got a lovely view when her breast did escape which she had obviously not realised. "I think you may want to sort that out" and pointed.

"Oops, sorry." As she stuffed it back in...

"Don't be sorry"... she kissed me. "Oh what was that for?"

"Most blokes wouldn't have said anything and just ogled."

"I must confess I was tempted."

"Or make a grab for it."

Now to say I fancied Alison was a bit like saying water runs down hill. She was always up for a laugh but I had seen the way she repelled any attempt of chatting up, to the point of lesbian rumours. "I was tempted to do that too." Alison kissed me again. 

"But you're too much of a gent for that." I responded to the kiss by holding the sides of her jaw and cheeks and kissed, we went for tongues and in no time we were getting carried away. I did make a grab for her breast and whipped it back out of her shirt. Alison rolled onto her back and kneeling beside her, I took the nipple into my mouth. I was then able to play with the other nipple with one hand and caress all over with the other hand. It found its way in the leg of her short shorts and knickers and to her pussy, she giggled. "And there was me saying how much of a gent you are." We kissed some more while Alison opened my flies and extracted my hard willy. She was pumping it for all she was worth which was not easy due to the restricted space and the uncomfortable cables we were amongst. I moved round, slid my fingers in the top of her shorts and knickers and started tugging them down, she helped by lifting her bum. I pulled them right down and off her boots then moved toward her pussy. Big surprise, her heavily trimmed pussy hair matched the hair on her head, it had not occurred to me that her blonde was a natural colour. I moved in closer, sucked on her clit and licked her out. She tasted quite salty which was not much of a surprise as we had been putting in a lot of effort to moving the cables in a very warm confined space. Alison held my ears and pulled me back to her mouth and we kissed again "Mm salty, is that what I taste like?"

"Mm yes." While we kissed more I slipped my own shorts and pants down but could not get them over my boots so Alison pushed me over onto my back and vacated the comfortable spot. I slid into the space and she climbed on top, sitting on my lower belly and started slipping back and forth with my now very erect willy behind her. It kept finding itself nestled between her bum cheeks. She developed a lovely smile, went stiff & shook a little then relaxed. 

"Now your turn." and without any ceremony lifted herself up, positioned my willy against her pussy and dropped straight back down. I was so turned on by that time that I was coming by the time she got to the bottom and finished me off by slowly moving up and down on me for maybe a dozen times. 

"Well I wasn't expecting that." With a big smile on her face. "If I hadn't already come I would have been a bit upset over that."

I took in a big breath and huffed it back out, pulled her down to me and put my arms around her for a hug. I kissed the side of her head. "Thank you," almost in a whisper. "Sorry it wasn't so good for you." Still in a whisper.

"That's fine." In a jocular fashion trying to lift herself back up away from my hug.

"It wasn't supposed to be like that."

"What wasn't?" now sitting up again as I slipped out of her.

"The first time."

"First time... really?"

"First time with you," Alison laid back down on me and squeezed me tight.

The lights went out "Oi." We were in total darkness "put the lights back on." "Which lights?"

"Transformer on the windowsill."

"You ok up there?"

"Yeah we're just tidying today's cables, nearly done."

"We?"

"Terry is here."

"Ah that's ok then, I was sure I'd sent all the others home, see you Monday. Goodnight."

"Goodnight Lizzy."

"Goodnight Lizzy."

We waited to hear the door go then burst out laughing.

Alison continued: "I should not have not let that happen."

"Why not?"

"A quick bunk-up on top of the cable grid? If I'd caught any of the others doing it, they'd be sacked"

"Well if it's anything to go by, I enjoyed it but I do hope it gets better."

A big intake of breath and her tongue to her top front teeth "... Wh" and breathed out "... What do you mean gets better?"

I struggled to form the words "... er... Alison will you... er... go for a drink with me?"

"Ohh that's so sweet, I thought we knew each other quite well but you're shy to ask me out, even after what we have just been doing." She laid down on me again and we hugged.

I thought for a moment and struggling for anything else to say "Why don't we make that a meal?"

"Love to, who's cooking?"

"N, no I didn't mean that, is there somewhere you like to go?"

"I was teasing you, how about Harry's Café?"

"I was thinking about something a bit better than that."

"Oh ok, something quite nice then, ok."

"Where do you live that'll give a starting point." She told me her address "How about I pick you up at seven then head into town and find somewhere."

"Ok, see you at seven."

"I really think we need to move." Alison climbed off me, "Where are my clothes?"

"Just there," I gestured and looked, "Oh where are they?" I pulled my pants and shorts back up and turned over onto all four's. We both searched around and couldn't see them, "They must have fallen, wait here I'll have a look down below." I crawled over towards the ladder and climbed down.

"No you stay there, there may still be people next door," pointing toward the glass partition. I turned on some lights, found Alison's clothes and took them back up to her.

We kissed "Thanks, I said you are a gent."

"That was lucky I put the lights back on, the johny's torn on the second unit along"

"Really?"

At this point I should explain to the reader that the cable access holes in the new equipment were a short tube between two and five inches diameter sticking out from the large steel racks and we used condoms to temporarily seal them to stop dust getting in. We kept a box of 144 condoms in the office.

"Should I grab some for later?"

"Naaoo, silly, I wouldn't have shagged you if I wasn't on the pill."

We finished the lights and clearing up, signed off some bits of paper, mostly for the new health and safety regulations, locked up and headed for the car park, "See you at seven then. What's the parking like at yours?"

"Only on the road but it's usually ok. Can't wait I'm starving 'cos I skipped lunch."

"Me too, I get loads done while your lot are over the pub on a Friday. Do you want to make it earlier?"

"Nah no time now, see you at seven."

-o-o-

I parked my limeflower coloured Austin Maxi right outside her address, selected the doorbell with her name from the column of six and pressed. I looked up to follow the voice "Hello." Alison was hanging out of a window "Hi just a mo." I heard the sound of feet on bare wooden stairs and the door was opened by Alison wrapped in a large towel "Hi, you're early."

I checked my watch "only two minutes, unless this is wrong." We kissed a peck on the mouth and I followed her back upstairs "Still hungry?"

"Ravenous, I'll be ready by seven, hope you don't mind waiting in the kitchen while I dress... Help yourself to a wine from the fridge if you fancy one." Came from the other room.

"I'm fine thanks, any thoughts of where to eat?"

"No let's just do it."

Alison came to the kitchen in a multicoloured halter neck dress and a little makeup but still not wearing a bra. Her breasts wobbled as she brushed her hair, struck a pose with the brush held high over her head, "Will I do?"

"Will you do?" I gave half of a wolf whistle "Will you do? You look gorgeous; you could wear an old sack and still look good."

"SEE, I said you're a gent" glanced at the clock, "Taxi is late."

"Taxi? I was expecting to drive."

"Don't you drink?"

"Well yes."

"So the taxi is late" beep, beep, a glance to the window, "let's go." I had no time to think about getting home.

There was some sort of festival on so the taxi dropped us at the end of the high street. We walked slowly with Alison holding my arm, looking in various windows and menus "Thanks for helping me this afternoon."

"No thank you." I replied.

"Seriously, it would have been bloody hard on my own."

"Hey no work... deal?"

"Deal."

We watched some guys doing tricks with diablo's for a few minutes and dropped some coins in their charity box.

"Fancy Italian?"

"I've never eaten Italian apart from a tin of spaghetti hoops."

She laughed at my comment "There seems to be too much you haven't done. I'll talk you through it if you fancy; they have seats outside at the back."

"Sounds good to me."

We were seated by the side fence, overlooking a large stream and read through the menu together. There were three dishes I fancied. I ordered a chicken meal and Alison chose the other two and a bottle of Soave. The waiter left with a smile. "I know you said you're hungry but.... I usually go for a medium wine but I'll trust your judgement."

"I like all those you fancy and thought we'd like to share. The Chef won't like it but who cares?"

A different waiter brought the meals "I think there has been a mistake," as he started to turn.

"Excuse me, we've ordered three meals."

"Do I need to bring another chair?"

"No just us two."

He reluctantly left the three meals.

"And two more plates please." He returned with the two smaller plates and a big guy in an apron looking none too pleased, looking our way from the door.

During the two hours we were seated, we spoke incessantly about our families, Bjorn Borg & Virginia Wade who had just won Wimbledon and life's experiences generally including our sex lives.

We ate most of the food and turned down desserts, ordered Grappa and coffee. I tried the Grappa and flinched "Nooo" and put the glass towards Alison.

The waiter rushed over "Is there a problem with the drink sir."

"No, I'm sure it's fine, just not for me."

"Try some Limone Liqueur?" suggested Alison.

The waiter tried to take my discarded glass, Alison held it "No I'll have that."

He left and returned with a fresh glass and a bottle, poured a tiny amount for me to try, "Oo that's nice," he smiled and poured.

We chinked glasses "Salute," and I ordered another to go with Alison's second Grappa.

He didn't charge for the second Grappa so I left a decent tip while paying with promises to return sometime. It took thirty-seven years to return with my daughter.

We leisurely continued to the end of the street watching more of the displays, had our pictures drawn by a caricature artist and joined in with several lots of singing. When we reached the end of the festival events, we turned back walking a little bit quicker back through the thinning crowds towards the taxi rank. 

Throughout all this time we were arm in arm or holding hands and walking with Alison was making me feel very special including seeing the others looking at her.

Back in Alison's flat "More Soave or Blue Nun... or I may have a Heineken."

I was looking through her records "I'll stick with the Soave if that's ok, I have developed a taste for it."

She returned to the room with two small tumblers "Good choice. I opened it earlier, hope you don't mind the glasses, I always seem to break stem glasses so stick with these," I took one "Cheers."

"Salute, see anything you'd like to listen to?"

"Salute" I said corrected "How about this?" 'Helen Reddy, No way to treat a lady' was in my hand.

"Oh you're a cool one, I thought you would have gone for something rocky."

"In that case I'll select 'Rocky mountain high' to follow."

"Mmn cool"

Alison gestured to the only black leatherette armchair "Sit" while putting the record on the stereo.

"And you?" as I sat.

"Just here," as she sat on my right leg and against my right shoulder. "Ok?"

My right arm naturally found her waist to settle on with my fingers playing the piano introduction on her, "This is cosy," a hug and quick kiss. "I guess it was yourself..." I started singing, "Oh side two..."

"brush your hair to the rhythm of the music playing on the radio" we quietly sang together.

I brushed her hair with my right hand and turned her face towards me, we kissed tenderly with tongues and much slurping. I brought my left hand to her right breast and caressed, she started running her left hand over my groin and her right hand behind my head as the kiss got harder.

I still don't know how but the bow of her dress behind her neck came undone and as the pressure released her breasts dropped. I lowered the right side of her dress and caressed her breast again. The nipple was quite chunky on a large areola and struggling I managed to reach it to suck on it. She sat up higher, the other cup of her dress dropped and I took her left nipple to my mouth, caressing the wet right one with my right hand from behind.

When I put my left hand under her dress I found that her little knickers had a very wet patch, as before I worked my fingers through the leg hole into her pussy. Almost before I realised it there were three fingers deeply imbedded with my thumb rubbing her clit and little finger nestling on her bum hole. 

She twisted away from me a little so my hand was in a much better position. After what seemed ages to me she went stiff and just as before she had a little shudder then relaxed. As she turned back towards me for another kiss, my wrist got bent hard backwards, "Argh," then she lifted her right leg so I could remove my hand.

My fingers were very wet so I started sucking them "Mmm tasty."

Alison pulled my hand to her mouth and sucked a finger, "That tastes better than earlier." She finished sucking me clean, "now it's your turn." She stood with her hands held high above her head and the dress dropped straight down her body. She stepped out of it with one foot then lifted it with the other foot kicking it to one side. She held her hands forward and gestured for mine, I lifted my hands to hold hers and stood.

We kissed again while she started undoing my shirt but when I joined in: "No this is from me," so I stood feeling like a little boy being undressed by Mummy. My trousers and pants followed my shirt then socks. Another cushion was thrown into the chair and I was pushed back. Alison knelt in front of me, leant forward and took me in her mouth, licking all round my head and inside my foreskin.

"You're the reason that I live," I whispered to the Helen Reddy music and "I guess you know me well," thinking perhaps I didn't yet know Alison that well.

I was getting a bit near to coming and warned her, that only had the effect of speeding her up and I came in her mouth, and sort of sucking me clean I could feel rather than hear "Mmmmm."

When I softened Alison stood and returned to my lap with her legs well up on my chest.

"I tried to warn you, honest."

"Oh I wanted that to happen, when we make love I want to know you will be there with me to enjoy it," I marvelled at the way she had swallowed without even changing her stroke and enjoyed the nutty, salty flavoured kiss. I hugged her tighter with her head on my chest and kissed the top of her blonde hair, singing "I think I'll be a long time looking" to the music.

We hugged in silence apart from joining in with a few lines from the songs, "nothing good comes easy." We finished the record together. After a couple of minutes I sat forward and stood with Alison in my arms. "Where are you going?"

I placed her in the chair. "Turning the record over," 

"Oh, ok." She found her glass, emptied it, lifted it high "More wine vicar." I filled the glasses from the wine box in the fridge and returned them to the table, then in one swift action knelt on the floor turning her with a leg over each of my shoulders to plant a kiss on her pussy, "Oh" then moving her knickers to one side "Mmmnn," my tongue now as deep inside her as I could, sucking on her clit and caressing her breasts "Oh yes it fucking is."

Lifting my head away from her pussy "What is?"

Pushing my head back to her pussy: "That... h... definitely is... h... the way to treat a lady... h... I don't believe you Helen Reddy... No way,". This lasted 'til "Baby don't let it mess your mind, OH NO NO" as Alison went very stiff and shook gently again "NO, NO... always love life" as she relaxed. I licked her clean the best I could then climbed back in under her on the chair to snuggle and kiss again, "Mm tastes nice. Is that all me?" until "You don't need a reason... it's a natural natural thing," at the end of the record.
