 It was a slow Friday afternoon as I manned the desk at the St Paul Spa. I had just started at the beginning of the month, so was responsible for all the tasks no one else wanted to do. Debbie, my manager, walked into the front foyer and announced she was going home. My glance at the clock caused her to stop, "I know it is only 3pm, but it is so damn slow today, no one ever stops in late on Fridays. You can lock up whenever you want to leave. Just flip the "Closed" sign on the door." With that, she was gone.

She was right. St Paul Spa was never a busy place on Friday afternoons. The weekend tanning bed rush was done by the lunch hour and the massage rooms never were booked now as folks were more interested in getting ready for the weekend. I decided I would clean up the back rooms a bit and then head home myself.

As I was straightening out the large massage room, known as "King Tut's Rub", I heard a noise in the front. Debbie must have forgotten something, so I was glad I had not just bolted out the door. "Can I help..." I stopped in mid-sentence seeing the attractive blonde leaning against the counter. 

She hardly looked up at me when asking, "Can I get a 60-minute massage?" 

Now I wished Debbie was here! "Well.... I only....." I stammered. Then she placed a gold coupon on the counter. It was one of our 'FreeRub' passes, which I knew were given only to our best customers. "Damn", I thought, "Now we're in trouble. I've got to turn away a key client." 

As she straightened up a bit, she literally grimaced and reached for her back. "OUCH! I can't believe I pulled a muscle." She looked more closely at me. "You must be new here? I don't believe I've had the pleasure. I'm Cindy." 

As she extended her hand, her back must have tightened as she stumbled and arched her back. "I'm ~ whoa, hang on!" I just grabbed her around the waist before she tumbled to the ground. 

"Can you help me to the room, please?", she asked. We did a slow slide step into the King Tut room. She leaned against the massage table for support.

"Can you get yourself ready?" I asked. 

"Yes. I'll manage," Cindy muttered. 

"OK, I will check back with you in a minute then." I closed the door and ran to the phone. Maybe I could catch Debbie on her cell in time for her to get back here within 10 minutes. She can't have gone too far. 

Damn. No answer.

"OUCH!!" Came the cry from inside of King Tut. Well, I guess I'd better help out. I have no choice. A quick step to the door with a twist of the lock and a flip of the sign, the St Paul Spa is closed for the day.

As I step into the room, I am greeted by the sight of a nice ass bent over the massage table. Cindy is struggling with the pain in her back. She has removed her shoes, but not a lot else. "Are you okay?" I ask. 

"My god damn back. I get spasms of pain unexpectedly. Can you help me?"

I take a deep breath and move towards her. "Let me help you up on the table," I offer. With a little effort so as not to hurt her back, Cindy slides her nice ass up on to the table. It is now I see that she has her blouse half unbuttoned, revealing a bright red satin bra. I can resist no longer. 

"Would you like me to help?"

"Yes please. I am so embarrassed. I can't even undress myself. Thank God I am with a professional!"

My knees weaken a bit, but my hands are steady as they unbutton the rest of the blouse, pulling it out of her skirt. I grab a big towel and drape it over her shoulders for some privacy. She takes the lead and unhooks the front snap of her bra, allowing me to slip it off her shoulders and down her back. As she keeps the towel wrapped around her shoulders, I firmly rub her lower back bringing a guttural moan of appreciation. 

"Oh that does feel good. Right where it hurts." She gently slumps sideways onto the length of the table, bringing her feet up towards me. 

"Can you roll on your stomach?" I ask. 

"Yes, I think so." 

She scoots her ass up on the table. Damn it looks nice. I rearrange the towel so it covers the middle of her back and she stretches her arms above her head.

Ok, now what the hell do I do??!! I try to remember what I have seen Debbie do once or twice. I knead fingers and knuckles into the bare flesh of her lower back. The guttural sound returns. Well, that's a start!

"I'm not moving again, so you had better finish getting me set-up" Cindy says. Noting the zipper on the side of her skirt, I unzip it and begin to slide off her skirt. Oh god. A thong. A god damn thong. That ass I had admired is staring me straight in the face with just a thin piece of material in its crack! I grab another towel, placing it over her ass, and reach up to find the waistband of the thong. She lifts her hips slightly to allow me to pull the material along her thighs and down off of her feet. I am now in a struggle to hide the erection building in my shorts.

I step to the side table to retrieve some hot oil. Cindy looks at me, "I'm sorry, I don't believe I got your name?" 

"I'm Tom," I reply. I swear for a second I saw a flicker of a grin pass over her lips. I rub some hot oil in my hands and step to her feet.

As I begin to caress her feet, I hear her say, "Tom...." very gently. I quickly become lost in my effort. The oil is hot and slick on your skin. Up and down your calves. First the left. Then the right. Next across your knees and up your thighs. I push under the towel right up to the fold in your buttocks. Re-oil my hands and attack the sides of your thighs. On my second pass up your thighs, you spread your legs just slightly ~ polite, but a bit intrigued by my touch. I daringly push far enough up to where I am sure I will brush some pubic hair, but I do not. Shifting to your right leg, I repeat the motions pushing farther up your leg until I am sure both hands reach your ass under the towel. Man, she must be well trimmed as still no contact with your crotch.

Now I move to your back. Removing the towel, with your permission, my hands start from your shoulders, but quickly move to the pain in your lower back. Fingers on your sides with thumbs down your spine, I push onto the top of your ass. Again and again, massaging hot oil onto your sore back. 

"Oh god, that is nice Tom." Your voice just above a whisper. I am sure I can no longer hide the erection which now can only be a foot from your face. I push under the towel over your ass to the top of your thighs. No objection, so I repeat. This time lingering before pulling back up. Back down again, pushing open the crack of your ass with my thumbs, down to your thighs.

As I move back to your neck, shoulders and arms, you compliment me. "That was nice Tom. My back is feeling a bit better already." I don't respond, but push my thumbs into the back of your neck, rubbing. 

I replace the towel over your back and ask, "Are you able to turn over?"

"Yes, I think so." 

I help hold the towels in place as you carefully turn yourself over. Repositioning the towels, I move again to your feet and proceed on the front of your legs. This time I raise your leg and place it over my shoulder as I massage down towards your thigh. Your eyes are closed. Relaxed. Each thrust of mine taps at the towel across your groin, edging it lower. I finally get the nerve to slide your knee to my shoulder and push down to the top of your thigh. My knees buckle just a touch.

My God! The towel has slipped back to reveal just the edge of a completely shaved pussy. "I'm sorry" I say weakly, and reach to cover your nakedness. 

Your eyes open slightly, and with a smile, say "It's okay." 

After finishing your other leg, without an issue, I position myself back by your torso. 

"Is it okay if I remove this towel?" I ask. 

"Sure" you respond, without even opening your eyes.

Lifting the towel, I take time to fold it carefully and place it on the table. All the while, my eyes are strafing your exposed chest. Your breast rise gently with your relaxed breathing. Two pink nipples topping them nicely. As I turn to get more oil, I squirm to adjust my now rock hard cock. I just can't believe what I am about to do! It is I that held the golden ticket today! I fight the urge to rush towards the two bright nipples. So professionally, I begin at your neck, your shoulders, your arms. Finally, I have no where else to go. I caress down the sides of your chest and across your belly and back to your shoulders. On the next run, I move under each breast, pushing upwards slightly towards your neck. Finally, I drag my palms in circular motions over your breasts, starting on the outside with my hands meeting in the middle and back out again. Then from the top, lingering with pressure on each nipple. I notice a slight increase in your breathing as your chest is rising a bit higher, so I make one more run across your beautiful breasts.

"I've never had so much attention paid to my breasts before," you say. I feel myself turning red. Busted. 

"I am so sorry," I stammer, reaching for a towel. 

"No. It's okay. You can continue." 

Now I am confronted with a challenge. A dab more oil and I decide to focus solely on your breasts. Again and again I rub and knead ~ squeezing and circling. Your eyes stay closed. Your head tilted back just a bit. I move in for your nipples. Between my thumb and forefinger, I pinch and twirl and tweak. Now I know your breathing has become heavier, and I SWEAR I just saw your hips begin to sway. I lean into the motion, across each breast to your shoulder and back down. Suddenly, I feel your hand grip my hip. Back up towards your nipples, I press onward. Emboldened by your touch, my left hand works across both breasts and my right dips down across your belly. Stopping only briefly at your left hip, I ask, "Is this okay?" 

"Absolutely," you whisper.

With that, my hand slides the towel off of your groin, revealing the lovely sight I had only glimpsed before. I gently slide my hand over the naked mound of your groin and up each thigh, pulling firmly to spread your legs and position your feet closer to your ass. As my hand descends your right thigh, it moves between your legs towards the crack in your ass. A quick turn of my hand and my palm now rests over your clit as my fingers being to slip inside you. At the first touch of your wetness, your hand grabs my ass with a squeeze. I now have complete access to your exposed body. While my left hand unconsciously squeezes and tweaks your breast, my eyes are glued on the pink flesh which unfolds beneath the fingers of my right hand. I gently grind the heel of my palm while my fingers begin to explore inside you. 

Swiftly shifting my hand, I slip two fingers deep inside your pussy. With a sucking sound, you push your groin into my hand and arch slightly, allowing me even deeper penetration. In and out my fingers slide. Soon my thumb pushes at the top of your slit, searching for your clit. Your head turns towards me, your eyes open and staring up at me, and I know I have found the spot. As I continue with the "massage", your hand moves across my groin, finally engaging my swollen, entrapped cock. With a couple deft moves, I feel my zipper coming down and your skin touching mine.

I increase the motion on your pussy and around your clit, making sure to keep it engaged in the arousal. You yank at my shorts and underwear to free my penis and begin to stroke it. Reaching next to me with my left hand, I pick up the bottle of oil and apply some to your hand. You are quickly applying it to the length of my cock and reaching, backhanded, underneath to cup and tug on my balls.

I have lost track of who is pleasuring whom in this room. I alter my pace and pressure in your pussy and your begin to swivel and thrust. Bending over, I lean across your body and take your left nipple into my mouth. 

"Oh god, that is nice Tom!" 

I grin for a second, remembering I had heard that before in this session. Just then you encircle my cock with your hand and your thumb finds the opening at its tip and rubs gently. I rocket up straight with a moan. It takes me a second to recover as you continue that pleasant pressure. As I attend to your right nipple, I taste the mix of oil and sweat that now coats your body. Pulling upward with my fingers, I search for your G-spot and connect. Your legs flop open and your feet pull even farther towards your ass. Your hand starts to piston up and down on my cock.

For the first time, my mouth finds yours and our tongues thrust into each other's mouth. You moan into my mouth as my attention switches now to your clit. 

Your head rocks back and I kiss into your neck. "I'm going to cum," you say. "Make me cum, Tom!!" It is almost an order, said with such urgency. I return to kissing your nipples. Your hand releases my cock and holds the back of my head on to your chest, pulling my hair. My hand flies over your clit, occasionally dipping deep into you cunt. 

Three fingers thrusting inside your pussy, with my thumb circling your clit. I pull my head back to enjoy the look on your face as your approach your orgasm. You are pushing your hips up to meet my hand. (Your back now seems to be fine!) 

"Uh! yes, Uh. . .yes ~ make me cum. UH, UGH, UGH ... OH YES OH GOD!! I'm cuming. I'm cuming. UNNNGGHH! Oh yessss!!" 

Your back arches up and freezes. I can feel your pussy spasming around my fingers. I stop the pressure on your clit and more slowly work your pussy. Finally withdrawing as you collapse back on to the table. My hand massages the slick, wet mound of your groin and inside your thighs and up onto your belly. 

"I need another one of those damn gold coupons." Your eyes closed. A smile on your face. My cock is still hard, but I am pleased.