 Several years ago I was blessed with the good fortune of dating a woman who changed the way I feel about human relationships and sex. Tessa had contacted me on a dating website for middle class professionals. She was refreshingly upfront, explaining that she liked my profile but she was only in the country for a few months between overseas contracts. However, if I was okay with that situation, she was keen to meet me.

Her profile photo showed a slim, athletic lady of forty in jeans, sweater and casual jacket. She had a natural, wholesome appearance, no make up, just a warm, confident smile from an intelligent face fringed by tousled mousy hair. She was somewhat older than me but clearly fit and attractive in an unpretentious way, just my type. I had dated an older woman before and it had worked better than many other relationships, so I gladly agreed to meet.

She lived an hour or so from my home town, and I was working part-time night shifts between studying for a masters, so with one thing or another we had to postpone our first meeting. But the weeks passed quickly until one dark Winter's evening I stood on the bridge by the rail station looking out for her. Sure enough, a tall figure approached out of the dark, peering cautiously towards me, I waved and we smiled in recognition.

Tessa was beautiful in an under-stated way. Her casual, outdoor style belied her svelte physique and graceful body language. The evening went well, just low-key, chatting over a few drinks and a meal, but we very quickly relaxed in each other's company and it felt like we had potential to connect more closely. Tessa's light blue grey eyes regarded me with a steady gaze as the conversation flowed. She spoke clearly and concisely with a soft, low, neutral accent, and her words were few but well chosen. She communicated almost more through her subtle facial expressions, and I felt myself being charmed by her as I answered her questions and she listened attentively.

She had arranged to stay with friends on the other side of town and I was delighted when she accepted my offer to walk her there. We were both about the same height so we easily fell into step, and our arms quickly found their way around each other's waists. I was enjoying the feel of her denim clad hip swaying and lilting under my hand and it seemed a shame to reach her friends' street so soon.

"I would invite you in, but unfortunately it's not my house," she murmured apologetically. "And I don't really know you that well ... yet." She smiled quizzically as she turned to face me.

"I hope we can rectify that soon, I must say I have really enjoyed this evening."

She nodded and even as I was speaking we moved comfortably into each other's arms and our lips joined in a soft, lingering kiss. Our embrace continued and we kissed again, pressing our lips more firmly, and then as our embrace tightened our mouths opened and our tongues entwined over and over. We stood necking passionately for several minutes, our bodies pressed together, and I felt her pubic bone pressing insistently against my thigh as my hands traced her flanks. Neither wanted to end, but eventually we parted, agreeing to meet again at the earliest opportunity.

 ***

The following week I stepped off the train and looked around the crowded platform. The crowds subsided and Tessa stepped forward and took my hand with a brief formal kiss on the cheek. She seemed slightly preoccupied and led me briskly to the short stay car park.

"It's nearly rush hour so I'm keen to get going," she explained.

The short drive was a blur of lights and torrential rain. Leaving the main road, we pulled up on a steep, terraced street and rushed for the door. Inside the kitchen was small and quaint in a slightly dingy way as if it had not been lived in for a while. She opened a beer for me and I sat while she made some food.

"Before you mention the décor, I can assure you it's not my choice. I'm house-sitting this place with a friend for a few months, so everything you see is the owners' stuff."

"Is your friend here now?" I asked, wondering if that might be why she seemed kind of self-conscious.

"No she's out for the night, so we can chill out without being disturbed."

"Ah, that's good," I smiled. "Erm, is everything okay? Do you want me to help with anything?"

"No I made the food already, it just needs warming up. You can open this." She plonked a bottle of wine on the table, took a deep breath, sighed and looked at me properly.

"Actually, I am really, REALLY nervous," her voice was calm but her eyes were pleading.

"So am I!" We both laughed, and I embraced her gently.

"You see I've just brought a complete stranger back with me and I'm not sure what I'm doing." Her face relaxed into a smile and she nuzzled into my embrace as I rocked her like a child.

"It's okay. Let's just enjoy the meal and a glass of wine. I've been working nights so I'm probably going to fall asleep imminently. In any case, I am very well behaved and I don't like to rush things."

She nodded and listened with great seriousness before we both burst out laughing.

"OMG we're so fucking formal!" I giggled and she grinned at me.

"You are a nice guy." She kissed me. "Okay, let's eat and watch telly or something. How's that?"

"Great" I replied.

Tessa was a keen chef and the meal was delicious. We retired with the rest of the wine to cosy up on the sofa in the tiny sitting room with a nature video. A cheerless gas fire sputtered feebly in the fire place while rain pelted the windows.

"I hope you don't mind me saying, but this house is absolutely freezing."

"I know, it's damp. We can snuggle up with this if you like."

She pulled a blanket from the armchair and we cuddled together under it. In the shared warmth, our hands reached out and tentatively explored, tracing elbows, wrists, fingers entwining as our breathing slowed and deepened. Our faces turned from the screen to each other, and our mouths met softly at first, then firmly as we embraced fully laid out on the sofa. She pulled back slightly and we gazed deeply into each others' eyes.

"I don't feel nervous now," she said quietly.

"Me neither"

"I think we'd be more comfortable in bed."

"Sounds good to me."

We rose, quickly switching everything off and she led me upstairs to a small cupboard-like door on the landing. Behind this a tiny, steeper set of steps led up to a rather nice converted attic. She lit scented candles to reveal a large sturdy wooden double bed, a neat stack of boxes and suitcases in one corner and a pc on a small desk. The walls and ceiling were all panelled in pine planks, and the overall feeling was clean and spacious. She switched on a small heater, powered up the pc and selected an ambient ethnic play list which I recognised, then stood in front of me, took both of my hands and drew me into an embrace.

"This is much nicer than downstairs," I said.

"Yeah, it's warmer too. That's why I bagged it." She smiled and kissed me. "Make yourself comfortable while I pop to the loo."

I shuffled off my jeans, socks and sweater and gratefully got under the voluminous duvet. It was soft and very puffy and I quickly warmed up. A few minutes later I heard the click of the single electric light going off and Tessa's steady progress up the steps. I politely tried not to watch as she paced towards the bed, but I saw in my peripheral vision to the left a large black tee shirt above long slim legs. I moved over and lay on my left side to make space for her.

"I've warmed it up for you."

"Mmmm," she purred as she slipped into the warmth and immediately pressed herself close against me, her silky smooth legs entwining with mine. Her trembling toothpaste scented breath slowed and we embraced and kissed long and leisurely while the raindrops and quiet music mingled in the flickering candlelight.

Tessa's hands moved over my shoulders, back and torso, gently stroking, probing and pressing my flesh like a surgeon planning an incision. I had noted already that Tessa's hands were in keeping with the rest of her physique, with long, graceful fingers, and it was wonderful to feel them on my body. Single men are often starved of affectionate human touch, and I was longing to be naked and feel her against my bare skin, but there was no hurry. I also felt my cock stirring and realised that my boxer shorts front was sodden with precum.

I swept my hands over her body, tracing every nuance of her spine, the nape of her neck, shoulder blades, the lean curve of her hip and the perfect silky smoothness of her exposed thigh. I knew she had been a keen athlete throughout her younger life, and she still had the body but with the feminine softness of maturity.

She hooked her left leg over my hip and I instinctively moved my right thigh into her crotch as her pubic bone pressed against against my hip. She cradled my head in her hands as if she was drinking kisses out of me. I traced delicate lines from her armpit down to her hip, the length of her endless smooth thigh and up again over her flat stomach. She gasped as I lightly brushed a single hard nipple through the soft fabric. My cock strained against the confines of my underwear. Her tee shirt hem was starting to ride up as she began to grind herself against me. My thigh was slick with her juices as she grabbed my arse. Unable to resist, I took hold of her now bare left buttock and grasped her tightly to me, matching her grinding motion.

Her bottom felt firm but soft and round and I stroked seamlessly up the bare cheek to her sacrum and the arch of her back under her tee shirt. I brushed the cleft between the top of her buttocks and realised with a gasp that she was not wearing knickers at all. I had assumed that she wore a small brief or thong, but clearly she had come to bed in her tee shirt and nothing else. I pulled my tee shirt over my head and she helped me wriggle out of my boxer shorts.

The duvet fell aside, she lay back with her left knee raised and I rapidly kissed and nuzzled my way down to her sopping wet crotch. She tasted wonderful and I lapped up her cunt juice like a man quenching his thirst. She moaned and grasped my head, slender fingers finding purchase on curls of hair and the folds of my ears, pressing me harder against her grinding cunt.

My cock was rock hard and aching. I rose up onto my knees like a page boy waiting to be knighted. She immediately sat up and took my cock in her mouth, swirling her lips and tongue lavishly around my glans as she massaged my shaft and balls with an assured touch. I pulled back so as not to come too soon.

We lay back again face to face on our sides, staring into each others' eyes with feverish breaths. Our crotches pressed together with my cock below her pubic bone sliding back and forth into the soft folds of her labia. In an instant she moved up slightly, hooked her leg over me and I entered her at last. Our frantic movements slowed now as we embraced, kissing and gazing eye to eye, savouring the warm, wet intimacy of our first coital moment.

My cock was throbbing against her soft tissues and we began grinding again, more slowly this time, my cock sliding in and out in time with our bodies' gyrations. Sensing my growing urgency, she gripped my ass and pulled me over onto her so that we could fuck harder and faster. She urged me on, grasping and kneading my butt cheeks to push me further into her. I was at my pinnacle and she knew it. I came like an explosion, flooding juice into her already saturated cunt as she continued to gaze at me with a subtle smile of satisfaction.

I collapsed onto her full length, panting, sweating, satiated.

 ***

As my breathing slowed we kissed and embraced. The raindrops and gentle music continued in the candlelight. Feeling my goose bumps, she pulled the duvet back over us and cuddled me as I began to shiver.

"So anyway. You were saying earlier, you don't like to rush things," she gave me her quizzical smile again, raising one eye brow in mock curiosity. "Hmm?"

We laughed, and settled into a more comfortable position.

"I usually find the first time with someone is a bit haphazard. I certainly improve with practice."

"Ah, that's good," she nodded eagerly. "You'll be glad to hear, we've got plenty of time to practice." She gave me a sweet little kiss on the lips and whispered, "I like practising sexy things."

"Me too," I replied, and kissed her fully open-mouthed.

"You must be shattered by now. How much sleep have you actually had?"

"Well I finished work at 7.30 this morning, slept about three hours, got up in time to shower and catch the train here. I always get up early after my last shift to try to get back to normal. What time is it?"

"Getting on for eleven."

"I should brush my teeth," I said.

"Off you go then," she lay back smiling, and as I rose she reached over and gave my bum a sharp slap. "Nice arse!"

"Likewise." I grinned, and headed for the stairs.

In the bathroom I had a piss, washed my hands and looked at my cock. The skin and my pubic hair felt unusually soft and had a pleasant slightly sweet scent from Tessa's cunt juice. I heard movement on the landing and went to close the door in case it was her house mate.

"Only me," Tessa brushed past me and sat casually on the loo. "I need a pee, you don't mind do you?"

"Nope," I smiled and brushed my teeth while the rain and piddling noise blended. She looked cute in her tee shirt with her slim bare legs and barely concealed bottom. I stroked her hair as she squeezed out the last spurts.

Back in the bedroom the music was still playing and the candles were in their last stages.

"Shall I turn the music off or not?" she asked when she came up.

"I don't mind."

"Okay," she clicked on the pc mouse a few times. "It'll play for another hour then switch itself off."

She lay next to me face down with her head resting sideways on her folded arms. I turned onto my side to face her and placed my hand on the small of her back.

"Sleepy?"

"So so," I murmured. "The trouble with nights is you're kinda sleepy ALL the time, but you often can't actually get to sleep." Without thinking I began stroking her back in long slow sweeps down her spine.

"I know, one of my mates used to work nights and she felt absolutely dreadful."

"I feel fine right now. In fact, I feel very content indeed." We kissed.

"Good. Me too." She smiled as my hand stroked her bottom.

"It's been a lovely evening."

"Mmm," She purred as my hand slowly swept up her bottom and under her tee shirt. "I should invite strange men back more often." I traced slow circles around her sacrum and the tops of her buttocks, just lightly touching the waxy smooth skin in the cleft over her coccyx. She shivered slightly each time, so I continued repeating the movement between stroking up and down her spine.

"Mmm that's nice," she whispered.

I stroked up to her shoulder blades and just reached the nape of her neck. Her tee shirt was up to her armpits now.

"Can I ask, do you always wear a tee shirt to bed?"

"D'you mean, do I always wear a tee shirt to get fucked?" she joked.

"Well, I was kinda wondering."

She raised herself on her elbows so I could pull the whole shirt over her head.

"Thank you," she smiled and turned to face me. She pulled the duvet down. "What d'ya reckon?"

In the last glow of the candles she bared her sweet, graceful breasts to me. They were perfectly in keeping with her lean, athletic build, two gentle curves of firm flesh with small pink nipples standing extremely erect.

I gently brushed my hand up her torso and around each one in turn, just skirting the nipples, and looked her in the eye.

"Very, very beautiful indeed."

"I love my tits," she grinned. "They used to call me fried eggs when I was a teenager, but now half of my mates are flopping and sagging all over the place, so I've got the last laugh."

"Hmm," I nodded. "Could be the bosom of a sweet young virgin."

I gently kissed each nipple in turn, over and over and stroked up and down the whole back of her naked body. She sighed.

"Glad you like them. I'm a bit shy cos some guys are only interested in big tits but you and I seem to be getting along reasonably well."

She looked meaningfully into my eyes. I returned her gaze and nodded.

"Yes, very much so. I like your arse as well - in fact I like your whole body! You are a very beautiful woman." She smiled and put her finger over my lips.

"You're not bad yourself, flatterer," she rolled back, stretched herself full length and yawned.

"This is really, really, really nice. I love the way you touch me. However, it is now way past midnight and you need to get some sleep boy. I want you wide awake tomorrow so we can do some serious practice."

I settled down on my back to give her some space.

"I'll give you one last good night kiss to help you sleep, okay?"

I closed my eyes and nodded.

She leaned over me and brushed her lips on mine. I tried to kiss her and she pulled back.

"Ah-ah, you just keep still and let me do this," she whispered, and delicately touched my lips again, her nose brushing lightly against mine.

Her mouth moved to my ear, with a warm, breathy touch, then down my neck, my adam's apple, then lingered in turn on each of my nipples, teasing slightly with her teeth. I felt completely at peace and willing to submit to her completely.

She rested her hand on my thigh, guiding me to raise my knees slightly, then caressed my balls while her lips left my nipples and brushed over my torso to my groin. I felt her warm breath on my pubic hair and she inhaled deeply on the scent of our mixed fluids and gently nuzzled the shaft of my cock.

Her hand ventured below my balls, tracing exploratory lines over my perineum. I was in heaven, and my cock was standing rigidly proud of my body and tensing involuntarily. Her fingertips roamed in circles over and over from my balls downwards, edging ever closer to my most private erogenous zones. I raised my knees further to expose myself more.

"Mmm, that's it," she lifted her head and murmured encouragement. She lifted my left knee and raised it to my shoulder, all the time tracing circles around the undersides of my buttocks. Precum was dripping from my cock now and I whimpered as she carefully licked it up from around my navel.

I was longing for release, but her mouth was replaced by her hand gently stroking my cock with a gossamer touch. Her lips joined with mine and she let the precious juice dribble down into my mouth as our tongues entwined.

"Mmm, that nice?" she whispered silently into my ear, brushing her tongue against the inside. I gasped.

My nipples were hard as bullets as she brushed over them and her mouth was suddenly on the shaft of my cock, warm lips gently sliding slowly up, taste testing. I bucked involuntarily, pressing my cock against her face.

"Hmm, that's it, good boy." She brushed her tongue over the front of my cock to my glans and back, slurping in my juice as her fingers continued to tease my ass, delicately tracing between my cheeks. She sensed my body reflexes taking over, and in one motion took my cock fully into her warm, soft mouth and traced a definite line down the centre of my perineum to my anus.

I wailed and convulsed as I felt my semen blissfully flooding through my penis as her tongue swirled round and round my glans, all the time her finger tip pressed firmly against my anus. My climax continued in waves, until I lay spent, dazed, ecstatic, restful and profoundly moved all at once.

My breathing normalised and I slowly opened my eyes. Tessa was kneeling between my legs, watching me with her half smiling gaze. I felt a tear rolling sideways from my eye onto the pillow. Very gently, she pushed her finger slightly into my anus, just a centimetre or so, and watched. I gazed back at her, bathing in the glowing aftermath.
