 It had been a week since I'd finished the updates on our bathroom. Besides the fresh grout, new medicine cabinet, lighting, new faucets, exhaust fan and paint job, I'd added a handheld shower massager and a spray strip that mounts on the wall that my wife had found in some specialty store. This strip was two feet long with a nozzle every inch. Each nozzle shot a direct and powerful jet that formed a direct line up your body. It could also be detached from the wall for handheld use.

I of course realized the potential erotic applications immediately and made some comment about it, but my ever practical woman informed me that it was for my back. You know, for therapeutic purposes. But I could tell by the gleam in her eye and the excited tone of her voice that she was of the same mind. I of course thanked her for this and suggested we try it (and the massager, of course) out together. After some kissing and fondling she agreed and the rest of the day and the next morning we flirted and groped each other every chance we got waiting for the job to be finished so we could take our new shower for a test run.

Finishing the job was way more difficult than it should have been, as my mind was wrapped up in erotic fantasies of what I wanted to do with her in the very shower I was trying to complete. By the time I was done, my mind was in such a flux that I couldn't wait for her to get home and join me! I rationalized that it would be better for us if I was already familiar with the settings and water temps, etc. Then I could concentrate on her. Plus, as the installer it was my job to ensure the fixtures worked properly!

As it turned out, she couldn't wait either and blew off some errands to come home early to have some fun in the shower as we'd planned. And what did she find? Me in the shower alone, working on my fully hard cock with the massager and my fist. She showed restraint by not jumping right in with me. Instead she stripped off and teased me a while first. As if I needed that!

Eventually I couldn't take it anymore and drug her in with me. We had a hot and passionate session and I made sure to bring her off before I lost it, but we never really got around to playing with the various shower options! Go figure. Afterwards we promised each other we'd have to try again later!

I had kept up the flirting all week. Reminding her every chance I got that we still needed to complete our "tests"

Coming back from a job I'd been on I was thinking about a few different things. I was filthy and needed a shower, my woman's car was out front and our daughter was babysitting tonight and wouldn't be home till late. Hmm?

I always come in by the back door into the basement which is where I have my shop and office. My wife knows this. She also knows that when I come in the back door I walk right past the hot water tank with all the water lines to the bathroom almost directly overhead. On top of that she knows that as long as I've been working on houses that my ears pick up water running automatically and that I can tell by listening whether it's the kitchen or bath and even by whether the hot water tank kicks on or not, which fixture is in use.

So when I walked in the door and heard water running it caught my attention. I knew she was in the bathroom. I hurried into my shop to drop off my tool bag and ran back out to my truck for the rest of my tools. As I came back in the hot water tank kicked on and I knew it was the shower as the sink wouldn't use enough water to have done that already. That plus the amount of water coming down the drain from upstairs confirmed it. A smile spread across my face and I felt my dick twitch in my work pants. I ran my tool box to my office and dropped it unceremoniously on my desk and started up the steps at a run. I paused at the top of the flight long enough to look by the living room door to verify there was no teenagers tennis shoes in sight. Seeing none I started up the next flight two steps at a time while pulling off my shirt.

By the time I got to the bathroom door my shirt and socks were off and I was undoing my pants. The door was slightly ajar and I could hear the water and exhaust fan running. I forced myself to stop and take off my pants and underwear in the hall before entering.

When I finally did go in I was greeted by the sight I'd been dreaming of all week. The love of my life standing in the shower with her feet apart and the shower massager set on pulse and aimed at her sweet pussy! My eyes traveled up her wet body to her face and our eyes met as we smiled at each other. "Hi baby, what are you doing?" I asked her as my hand went to my cock.

"Well I knew you'd need a shower when you got home so I thought I'd get the water temperature adjusted for you" She replied ever so sweetly. I fought the urge to jump in there and just jump her bones. I remembered how she had made me wait last time when I was in there and she was out here. So I did exactly what she had done. I leaned back against the wall and started to stroke myself.

"So how does it feel?" I asked, smiling at the double entendre.

"Mm, it feels good. Hot and wet." She answered weakly. As she said this she used her free hand to pull back the hood from her aroused clitoris and I saw her shudder as the hot water pulsed against it.

"I'll bet it is." I replied, smiling at her word play.

"I figured you'd be in her by now, I know your dirty." She commented.

"Oh I am, but if I get in there with you then we both might get dirty." I said, teasing her, still stroking myself. I then pulled back my foreskin as far as it would go till my head was bulging out and I started to rub it with my other hand.

"Well, you see, if we both get dirty then we have to stay in here longer 'til we get clean again." She explained. As she said this she changed the setting on the massager to the fine mist and, leaning back against the wall began to run the spray all over her body."Besides, your hands are too dirty and rough for what you're doing there. You really should get in here!" She lifted one leg as she said this and ran the mist from her foot, slowly up her shapely calf and on up the inside of her firm thigh. She let out a slight gasp as the fine, hot mist brushed her aroused lips as she paused there, pushing her hips forward into the mist before lifting her other leg and starting the process over.

"You're right about my hands." I said as I brought one to my mouth and wet my palm liberally with my spit. Pulling back my foreskin again I began polishing my swollen head. Round and round. Occasionally running it down my length and back up to circle my head again. "My spit works but I bet you've got better stuff in there, huh? Like soap and shampoo and stuff"

"Yep, and I have some new body wash I picked up today that's menthol! It's supposed to feel really good!" With that she put the wand back in its holder and grabbed a green squeeze tube. "Its mint scented." She informed me as she squeezed just a dab on her finger and held it up to her nose "Mmm, smells really nice." She said as she rubbed it down her throat and between her breasts. Her eyes lit up and she exclaimed" Ooh, it tingles! You should come try this!" She put another dab on her first two fingers and ran it up her leg from the inside of her knee to the hollow spot where her leg meets her torso, right next to her luscious hole. That spot I love to lick when I'm teasing her. She sucked in her breath between her teeth when she got there and I swear I saw her aroused lips wink at me!

By now I could tell by the look in her eyes and the way her pussy lips were engorged that she was highly aroused. I also knew I was very aroused also from watching her and putting on a show of my own. I didn't want to build up too much excitement and not be able to last for her. I'd been waiting for this all week and the anticipation, while thrilling, could have an adverse effect on my stamina. Besides, I had tests to run!

She started to reach for the massager again but stopped, and a smile lit up her face as I took a step forward and pulled the curtain aside to step in."Go ahead babe, grab it. We have some stuff to try!" I told her as I stepped in and turned her away from me so I could take her in my arms from behind.

She pulled the shower massager out of its holder with one hand and grabbed my wrist with the other saying "No, you're the dirty one, you get up here first." With that she pulled me around in front of her and stepped around behind me, holding the sprayer high and pointed down onto my chest.

"Oh, that feels good" I told her as the hot water ran down the front of my body and she pushed her wet body against mine from behind.

She had changed the setting again, and now it was on full spray. The hot water felt great as she worked it over me with one hand while running her other hand over my body at the same time. She sprayed my chest and rubbed the water through my chest hair, teasing and pinching my nipples in the process. I reached behind her and grabbed her hips to pull her harder against me as she ran the hot water down my belly, following it with her other hand. Switching now from using the palm of her hand and the pads of her fingers, she lightly dragged her fingernails down my belly and around to my ribs, then down to my pelvis causing me to shudder. She knows I'm ticklish and often does this to tease me. She knows all I want is for her to grab my raging hard-on but she makes me wait! I gasp as she rakes her nails through my pubes and follows them with the hot water spraying my cock in the process. The tickling and near painful scratching is always a turn on for me but with the addition of the hot wet spray soothing my skin before that feeling subsides is exquisite.

She continues to tickle and scratch, alternating between barely touching to nearly drawing blood, then soothing the area with the water. From my pubic hair she travels over to my hip bone and upper thigh before traveling back to the other side and doing that hip too. She knows this is a most sensitive spot. I'm going crazy fighting the urge to stop her, to just turn around and take control. Just take her! I have to let her have her fun. I know it's worth the wait because eventually I'll get my turn! 

"Oh baby your driving me nuts!" I exclaim as she tortures my other hip. By now I'm digging my fingers into her ass and pulling her harder into my back, relishing in the feel of her tits against my back and her soft trimmed bush occasionally brushing my leg.

"What's that? Do you're nuts?" She asks happily as she drags her nails up under my scrotum and sprays the hot water into the sensitive area below. This causes me to gasp and do some crazy ballerina move as I go up onto my toes while trying to spread my knees at the same time."Wow, you like that, huh?" She laughs.

"Oh Baby, that's intense!" I exclaim as I try to spread my legs farther for her, leaning back against her for support. I can't take it anymore and pull one hand from her cute ass and grab her free one to guide it to my throbbing shaft. She strokes me briefly and I groan before she moves away again to tickle my nipple. "Oh, you brat! I can't take that anymore!" I shout in frustration. She giggles in reply, enjoying the effect she's having on me. 

I realize then that she's going to tease me awhile and decide I've waited too long for this. I want to play with her now. Just as I'm about to switch places with her she reach's up and puts the massager back in its holder. Dragging her lovely breasts up my back in the process. 

"Ok, I'll quit for now. We've got to get you clean!" She declares. With that she pushes my head forward under the hot water and runs her fingers through it, wetting it completely. As I indulge in the hot water and start to relax, she grabs some shampoo and starts to massage my scalp. I tell her how good that feels and she replies "I'm glad. Now turn around so I can get the rest of your hair." With that she guides me around by the shoulders till my back is against the smooth tile wall. Pouring more shampoo into her hand she starts at my beard and moustache before working her way down my chest. 

As she does my chest I get a hand full of shampoo as well and start to work it into her hair which is already wet from before. As I work the lather into her hair she works it into my chest hair, paying extra attention to the hair around my nipples. We look into each other's eyes as she starts to follow my trail of hair down to my stomach. "I love you, Baby Doll." I tell her as she wash's my belly.

"I love you too." She replies before sticking a finger in my belly button with a grin and wiggling it around. 

"Why are you such a brat?" I ask her as I pull her against me.

"No!" She exclaims "I'm no brat! I'm just washing you." She say's as I pull her in for a kiss. As we kiss, gently at first, then hotter as we go, I can taste the shampoo from my mustache and know she can too. I break our kiss to rinse my face so we can continue and laugh when I look at her.

"Honey, you've got a mustache now too!" I tell her.

"I can feel it." And I've got it in my mouth too! Now who's the brat?!" She exclaims before moving her face into the spray of the water. She had put the hand held device back in its holder and now as she turned partly away from me I seized the opportunity to feel her up. Taking her nearest breast in one hand I grabbed her ass with the other.

"I thought you liked stuff in your mouth, baby?" I tease as I pull her hip tight against my hard on. She replies by pushing me back to the wall again and bending over, taking my full erection almost to the hilt! "Ahh, Baby!" I exclaim "I wasn't expecting that!" I should have been though: it's one of the oldest tricks in her repertoire. 

She had let her mouth fill with hot water while she rinsed the suds off her face. Her blowjobs are always warm and wet and frankly, wonderful. But when she does this stunt it's just mind blowing. The way the hot water rushes down over my shaft and balls at the same time that she applies suction to my shaft is exquisite.

"You mean like that?" she asked with a knowing smile, standing back up to face me.

"Yeah baby, just like that."

"Just like that, huh?"She asks smiling as she reaches for the massager while still stroking me with her other hand.

I kiss her again and tell her softly "Just like that."

She points the massager at my cock and changes the setting to a hard double stream and I flinch. "Not like that?" she asks, already knowing the answer, already changing the setting.

"Uh, no. Not like that!

The next setting is a combination of the jets and the normal spray with the jets being half as strong.

"What about like that?" she asks looking down at the water rushing over me.

"That's ok." I tell her as I touch her chin and gently turn her to face me. I kiss her as she strokes me under the spray and tell her, "But it'll never feel as good as your mouth."

"Oh." she says as she leans down again. She directs the water into her face and fills her mouth before sucking me in again. This time though, she sprays my balls as she does it and I exhale forcefully. I hadn't even realized I was holding my breath. 

She bobs her head a few times while working the spray over my balls. When all the hot water had drained from her mouth she pauses to ask, "How about like that?"

"That's incredible, babe." I reply as I watch her fill her mouth with water again. I watch, and feel, as she repeats this process several times until I decide that I want to play too!

As she pauses her sucking to refill her mouth for the fifth or sixth time I gently grasp her chin and pull her up to kiss me. As we kiss I pull her close with one arm while I take her hand holding the sprayer and turn it on her. She gasps into my mouth and spreads her legs as I work the wand in between her thighs, pointing up into her hot snatch. I wiggle it side to side adding to her stimulation, as my other hand slides down her back to her ass. Kissing her neck now, I grasp one cheek and pull it aside to expose her sphincter to the hot surging water. She lets out a little yelp as she goes up on her toes, pushing her tits against my chest

I continue to work the water over her from below while kissing and nibbling her neck and throat. Occasionally I slide a finger lower to tease her clit, her lips, her anus, as she grabs my throbbing dick and strokes me. In her excitement her hand squeezes me hard and works me vigorously. Our passion increases as we both work each other over.      

I don't want her to get me off this way and know I have to break this rhythm. She seems as close to climax as I am and I want to bring her off first. And I want to taste it before I join her. Stepping around behind her I grab her hip and pull her against me, forcing her to let go of me and we both groan with her loss of grip on my throbbing cock.

Once behind her I reach around from both sides and keep the spray on her aroused sex. With the other hand I adjust the spray to the pulsing massage and I ask her with a whisper in her ear if it's ok. She manages a nod and a strained "Uh huh."

With that I pull back the hood from her excited clit, exposing it to the hot pulsing water and ask her again, "How about that, Babe?"

She gasps "UH, YEAH!" and her legs quiver as her hands go to the tile wall for support.

I continue to hold her open with one hand, occasionally strumming her with my fingers while working her over with the sprayer. My dick is now rubbing against the small of her back and the upper part of her ass as she writhes to the stimulation. I work my feet around to the outside of hers and flex my knee's to lower my cock till it nestles into the crack of her ass and she grinds back against me. She moans and reaches between her legs trying to grasp me again. I know she wants to pull me down to where she can take me inside but I straighten my legs so she can't reach it. 

She whimpers but I don't know if it's from not being able to grab me or what I'm doing to her. As her hand returns to the wall I again bend my knees returning to my warm nest. She arch's her back as she rubs her ass against me again and I can't help but squat lower until the swollen head of my cock rubs against her rear entrance. "I've never had your ass in the shower,have I Babe?" 

Arching her back again, she pushes back against me and manages a weak "Uh, No." Bump, grind. "I don't think." 

Still working the pulsing spray over her sex I lock her hip with my wrist as I bring my other hand up to the nape of her neck and ever so gently begin to bend her over. This manages to push her sweet ass harder yet against me and I roll my hips, working my hardness back and forth against her.

She can only bend so far before her face is against the tile wall and I keep her there a few moments, still grinding against her. She continues to arch her back trying to get me inside her, and at this point I don't think she knows or cares where. I must admit I'm not sure where I want to be either. I had a plan of action but this new possibility is very tempting! We're both panting with excitement and anticipation. Wanting to take this farther with neither of us sure where.

She reaches back to grab me again and I let her this time. She fondles by balls and the solid base of my shaft, pulling me harder still against her. I make my decision and start to side step while pulling her around too. "Turn with me, Babe" I instruct her as I position us lengthwise in the tub to afford her more room to bend over. She does and I ask her to take control of the sprayer. As she takes it from my hand I tell her to "Keep it on us!" She can only grunt in reply and shake her head.

I bend and flex my knees while holding onto her hips. I keep running the full length of my straining cock along her extended clit, lips and puckered asshole, as she keeps up the stimulating spray. 
