 I am in the house doing laundry when you come in from working outside smelling of your sweat (I love that smell). You come up behind me to give me a hug, kiss the back of my neck and slide your hands inside the waistband of my jeans and press the palm of your hand against my pussy. 

I lean back against you enjoying in the feel of your hands and lips on my body, allowing you better access to my neck as I tilt my head to one side. You slide your tongue along the length of my neck as you move your hands along my stomach and up to cup my breasts in your hands, pinching and teasing my nipples. I reach back and run my hands up and down along your sides, sighing in contentment, as I feel your arms tighten around me. 

I turn my face around to you for a kiss, my tongue searching for yours. You turn me around as we kiss and press my body against yours. You ask if I would like to go up to the bedroom, I respond by taking your hand and leading the way upstairs. 

Once upstairs you stop me and pull me close for a kiss as you start to unbutton my shirt. As you undo each button you lick the spot that is exposed. After all the buttons are open, you grab each side of my shirt and hold it open and drink in the sight of me with your eyes. Ever so slowly you reach your hands out to my shoulders and push my shirt off to the floor. 

You pull me close and kiss my mouth, my nose, my eyes and finally my forehead as you reach behind me to unclasp my bra. You lean back and pull the bra down the length of my arms and drop it next to the shirt. I close my eyes enjoying the feeling of your hands and your mouth as they find my breasts. Mmmmmmmmmmmmm so good. As you tongue licks and teases my nipples, your hands make their way down to the waistband of my jeans and undo the button and unzip the zipper. 

You squat down so you are eye level with my zipper, you take a deep breath through your nose smelling how hot I am for you already. Your hands slip inside my jeans and around to my ass as you slide my jeans to the floor. I place my hands on your shoulders as you take each of my feet one at a time into your hands to help me step out of my clothes and rid me of my socks. 

Once that is done you lay me back on the bed and run your hands along my legs and up to my pussy which you spend a few minutes rubbing and licking through my panties, driving me wild with desire to feel you inside me. You chuckle as you like to see me squirm with this desire. You stand back from the bed and remove your clothing as I watch with fire in my eyes. 

This looks drives you wild as you come back to the bed and kiss me hot and hard, pulling my panties off. You sit on the edge of the bed and reach over and start to finger my pussy, spreading my lips for your tongue. You lean over and run your tongue up and down and all over my lips and you tease my clit with your hot tongue. I grab the back of your head and grind my pussy in your face, smearing my juices all over your face. You pull back long enough to slide a finger inside of my pussy and then continue licking and sucking and just plain driving me wild. Finally I cum in a gush all over your hand and face. 

You bring your hand up to my lips and run your fingers across them and slipping your fingers in my mouth so I can taste myself on them. Then you kiss me and take away the last traces of my juices from my lips. You move your body over mine using the head of your cock to tease my pussy, making me wild with desire. I am bucking against you wanting your cock inside of me, finally you give me my hearts' desire and enter me in one smooth thrust, mmmmmmmmm yes, yes that's good! Deeper, stuff me full with your cock. 

Feel my pussy grip your cock as you move inside of me faster and harder. Feel my pussy get tighter as I start to anticipate my orgasm, feeling it build, wanting to cum for you. Feel my pussy pulsate around your cock as my juices flow all over your cock, making me wetter and hotter for you. You stop yourself before you cum, turn me over onto my knees. 

You take me from behind pounding my pussy deep and fast and hard. Yes fuck me baby make me feel that cock deep. Fuck me faster and harder, fuck me deep until you explode and empty your load in my pussy, let my pussy empty you of every last drop. You reach forward and rub my back as you begin to calm down, letting yourself enjoy the sensation of my now relaxed pussy wrapped around your cock. 

We lay down on the bed to cuddle. Gently fondling each other simply because we aren't ready to let all the sensations stop, wanting the afternoon delight to last just a little while longer.