 Love in the afternoon

He picked up the phone, "Hello."

"Hi sweetie, how's your day going?" Her soft voice immediately picked him up. The day was going horribly.

"Fine," he lied. "Why?" 

"I was thinking maybe you could come home early. I'm lonely…and horny," she whispered seductively. "I want to feel your body next to mine, your lips kissing my breasts, your hands massaging my ass, my lips encircling your…."

"Okay, I'm on my way." Her words had stirred his manhood and nothing would help erase the crappy day he was having more than an afternoon tryst.

She heard the click of the phone and smiled at her reflection in the vanity mirror. Her heavy breasts strained against the blue silk gown she wore, the thin straps barely containing her overflowing mounds. As she finished putting on her make up, thinking of him ravishing her, her nipples pushed out the silky fabric of her gown and she could feel her pussy getting wet as she put on her lipstick. She imagined his hard cock smearing it across her lips as she slid up and down his shaft. 

She closed her eyes as thoughts of him touching her raced through her mind. Her hand slid up her long smooth leg, pushing the silk of her gown out of the way as her fingers skimmed the inside of her thighs and rested on her moistening pussy lips. 

She imagined the hands were his as she moved to her breasts, rolling her nipples in the silk. As one hand toyed with her bosom, the other moved in slow circles around her clitoris. Waves of pleasure built up as she became wetter and slipperier. Maybe a little appetizer is in order, she thought as she reached down into the bottom drawer of the vanity and pulled out her new dildo. 

The rubbery realistic looking cock felt cool in her hand, but she knew how to warm it up. She rubbed the tip on her nipples through the sheer fabric then pushed the shaft into her cleavage as she pushed her ample bosom around it. The tip nudged her chin and she grew more excited as the shaft rubbed against her cheeks. With her eyes closed, she imagined him taking her head and pushing her mouth down on the fake cock. Her lipstick left rings around the shaft as it went in and out of her mouth. She leaned back in the chair, pulled the dildo back down her cleavage, around her sensitive nipple, and finally rubbed the tip along her pussy lips, opening them as her juices lubricated the head.

Teasingly she fed the long shaft into her moist snatch until it filled her. With equal slowness, she pulled it out, and then slid it back in, her fingers stimulating her clit as she methodically fucked herself with the rubber cock. The dildo almost disappeared into her dripping pussy as she probed deep inside. After several minutes of slow fucking, she got up from the vanity and walked to the bedroom, her hand still massaging her chest, the dildo rubbing the walls of her pussy, sticking lewdly from her between her legs as she walked. 

She lay on the chaise lounge at the foot of the bed, and pulled the shaft out of her. Quickly, the tip of the dildo was on her clit, rubbing back and forth, as her juices flowed. Slowly she slid it along her labia, and bending her leg, she pushed the head back inside her, biting her lip as the rubber shaft filled her again. She lay there unhurriedly plunging the shaft in and out, her teeth gnawing on her lower lip as the pleasure emanated from her core. 

She didn't hear him walk in the house and make his way to the bedroom door. His penis hardened as he stood in the doorway, watching her pleasure herself with the surrogate cock. She lay on her side, the blue silk gown bunched up around her waist, one knee in the air to give better access to thick rubber cock sliding in and out of her. Her large breasts strained against the top of her gown, the thin spaghetti straps barely containing her heaving chest.

Instinctively his hand went to his crotch, stroking his swelling manhood. He became rock hard in moments, the image of this beautiful woman pleasuring herself burned into his brain. Quietly, he stripped down to his boxers, tiptoed up to her and kneeling next to her whispered in her ear, "Couldn't wait for me, could you?"

Startled, she opened her eyes, "sorry."

His hand replaced hers on the dildo, "Don't apologize," he said taking up the in and out motion, "watching you fuck yourself made me horny," he said kissing her deeply. Their tongues intertwined as he pushed the vibrator deep inside her, eliciting a moan of desire. 

She put a hand on the back of his head and guided his kisses to her cleavage. He breathed in her perfume and kissed his way from the top of her breast to her rock hard nipple. He greedily sucked it into his mouth, flicking the tip with his tongue, as she squirmed with pleasure beneath him. 

He felt her hands on his cock, rubbing it through his boxers. Quickly, she freed his stiff prick and took it in her hands, gently massaging it. Feeling filled by the vibrator and holding the hard penis in her hand fueled the flames of her passion. She stroked his rigid tool at the same pace that he moved the dildo in and out of her soaked love muffin.

She pulled him to his feet as she sat up on the chaise. Her tongue flicked the head of his swollen cock; she felt his hands on her head guiding her mouth onto his penis. His stiff member filled her mouth while the dildo remained stuffed in her wet pussy. The feeling of fullness was incredible. She reached down and grabbed the dildo, stroking it in and out in rhythm of her bobbing head. The tip of his cock tickled the back of her throat as he she took his entire length in her mouth, saliva dripping from the corner of her mouth as she slurped his tool.

After several minutes of this position, he laid her back on the chaise, and straddling her chest continued feeding her his pulsing member. Her hands wrapped her silk covered breasts around him as he slid his cock into her mouth. He thrust his stiff rod through the smooth tits and into her wet willing mouth. She reached up and fondled his heavy balls, caressing them as his hands went to her clitoris. He rubbed her swollen love button as she sucked him, the dildo still filling her.

Her legs began trembling as the orgasm started; her pussy contracting around the rubber shaft between her legs as she sucked him harder and harder. His stiff cock muffled her cries of pleasure as she spasmed with desire. As she finished she pulled his cock from her mouth and kissed its length, stopping at his balls to lick them and suck them into her mouth. He reached back to pull the dildo from her glazed pussy, but she stopped him. "Leave it," she said. "I love the way it feels. Besides I'm not ready to put you there yet."

She sat him on the chaise and lay on her stomach in front of him. Her head went right back between his legs, licking his tool like a lollipop, sucking on the head, tonguing his scrotum. His hands went to her head as her lips encircled him and sucked him into her mouth. He moved his hands to her back and then her ass, massaging her cheeks as she worked over his engorged manhood.

Leaning forward, he grabbed the dildo and began slowly pulling it out until the tip almost popped out then slid it back in as she moaned with delight. Again he slowly pulled it out then slammed it back in. 

"Don't stop," she whimpered, "fuck me harder." Egged on by her dirty talk he kept up the cycle of slow outs and hard fast ins. As he thrust it in and out of her, she continued sucking his rod and fondling his tightening nut sack. She must have sensed he was close and picked up the pace of her sucking, her cheeks hollowing out as she coaxed the milky liquid from his shaft. With a gasp, he shot the sticky load into her mouth; it leaked from her lips as she milked every last drop from him. He continued moving the dildo in an out of her as she kept sucking on his shaft, enticing his cock to grow once more. Slowly she felt him filling her mouth again. Pulling him from between her ruby lips, she licked his shaft clean and gazing up at him huskily said; "now it's time for you to fuck me." 

"Where do you want me?" He asked sliding off the chaise and standing in front of her. She stood up and wrapped her arms around him, the dildo still lewdly sticking out her. She pulled it out of her and let it drop to the floor. "I want you anywhere you want, and I think we both know where that is."

As she turned away from him, she slid the spaghetti straps off her shoulders letting the gown fall in a pile on the floor. She knelt on the chaise and shook her ass seductively at him. "Come on over here and do me."

He was behind her in an instant, burying his penis deep in her with one swift thrust. She was wet and tight as he pumped her from behind, her breasts swinging with each push of his tool. His hand slid around to her clitoris, massaging it as he pushed in and out of her.

The warmth of his cock filled her in a way the rubber one couldn't, and his fingers dancing over her love button felt incredible. She shoved her ass back to meet his thrusts, his penis pounding deep inside her. She felt his hands on her hips pulling her to him as he railed away at her, his rock-hard cock probing deep within her. The muscles of her pussy contracted around him as warm waves of pleasure washed over her. She screamed his name as she came repeatedly, finally collapsing, exhausted from his fucking.

He wasn't finished yet and moved her on to her back. Throwing her legs over his shoulders, he continued plunging deep inside her. With each thrust, her breasts bounced wildly as she continued moaning with pleasure. He pumped her moist hole, shoving his hard cock deep inside her. He could feel her pussy contracting around him as he filled her. He pulled out and once again slid up her body his slick cock slithering between her tits again. He mashed them around his cock and thrust through their softness. She lay there spent from her orgasm as he tit fucked her until finally milking warm jets of sticky liquid spewed from his cock onto her chest. He used to the tip of his cock to rub it into her breasts. As she recovered from her orgasm, she took him into her mouth, licking the last bit of jism from him. Grabbing his slick cock she led him to the shower, "Let's get cleaned up, I have lot more planned for tonight."