 How had things got this far? How had I lost my mind in all of this? I scrolled through the text messages from Jacob.

The first had been very innocent; just a simple question about work deadlines. The last had lost all of it's innocence; asking for a picture of me, naked.

My face flushed crimson at the idea of sending such a picture, yet I felt a burning between my thighs. The same burning I felt every time I opened a text message from Jacob.

A flurry of thoughts flashed through my mind. Should I send a picture? Should I even text back? Before I knew it my mind had run away with me and I was thinking about how I should pose and what I should wear.

I text back, 'you would like to see a photo wouldn't you.'

My heart raced as I waited for a reply. Why was I so nervous? Jacob was just a guy from work. I had worked with him for over a year.

He had never caught my attention before, and didn't seem like the kind of guy who would say such explicit things to a woman.

I wanted to send a picture but I was scared. What if he passed it around work? I could never live that down.

I was busy undressing, ready to change into my gym clothes, when my phone buzzed on my dressing table.

I gingerly walked over, anxious of what the next text message would say. I picked up my phone and clicked open the message.

'Show me yours and I will show you mine. That's how much I want to see a picture,' it read.

Oh god, I wanted to send a picture, just so I could receive a picture from him.

"Oh what do I do?" I said out loud.

I had pictures I could send already, or should I take another one. I looked down at myself, I was only wearing my underwear. My jade green matching lace bra and knickers.

"I can't believe I am doing this," I said as I unhooked my bra.

I brought up the camera on my phone and stood in front of my full length mirror. Using my arms to push my breasts together I smiled as my cleavage looked great.

I pouted as I clicked the camera into action. My bedroom window was open, letting in the cool October breeze. My nipples started to get hard. I couldn't decide whether it was because of the breeze or because I was getting turned on at the thought of sending the pictures to Jacob.

Getting brave I pulled my knickers down, noticing the wet patch on the crotch. Maybe I was more turned on that I had thought.

I propped my phone on my dressing table, pointing it towards the bed, and set the timer. I knew I only had 10 seconds before the camera started taking pictures.

I rushed into position, putting my arms above my head, my legs slightly apart and standing on my tip-toes. I did my best pout and I could hear the camera clicking each time it took a picture. I changed position at every click, ending with my hands flat on my bed and my ass in full view of the camera.

The burning between my legs intensified as I flicked through the pictures. I had to admit, I looked hot.

My heart pounded in my chest as I sent each picture. I had never done anything like this yet I was excited. All I could think was if Jacob didn't like the pictures I didn't have to see him till Monday. Thank god it was only Friday.

I had decided against going to the gym; I wouldn't be able to text Jacob if I went.

After waiting for five minutes for Jacob to text back, I started to become anxious again. 

To take my mind off things I decided to go for a shower, maybe that would cool me down as well. 

I turned on the shower and waited for it to warm up. I shook my hair loose of its pony tail, letting it fall around my shoulders.

I stepped inside the shower and tested the water with my hand, the warmth made my arm tingle. Goosebumps appeared all over my body.

I slid the shower door shut and closed my eyes ass the powerful jets of water cascaded over my naked body.

I grabbed my body wash from the shower rack and squirted it all over my chest and legs. I instantly imagined Jacob's juices running down my body. 

My hands instinctively dropped to my heaving breasts. I lathered up the body wash, my slender fingers slid over my nipples. I let out a moan. It had been a long time since I had felt this way; wanted. I pulled the shower head from the stand and washed the suds off my body.

I lowered the shower head, to wash between my legs. I let the water pummel my clit a little longer than I normally would. 

My nipples hardened involuntarily. The shower had meant to cool me down, instead it had me ravenous for the release my body so badly craved.

Washing away the last of the body wash, I replaced the shower head and turned off the water. I stepped out of the shower cubicle and wrapped the soft white towel around myself and dabbed away most of the moisture.

Realising what I had been waiting for I rushed back to the bedroom, over to my phone. I lit up the screen and my heart almost stopped beating. I had only been in the shower for 10 minutes and I had two text messages from Jacob. 

'Wow, your body is so beautiful. I would love to get my hands on those gorgeous tits,' read the first.

I blushed at the thought of him fondling my breasts.

The next text message made me hot between the legs again. 

'I can't help it! I have to release this raging hard on. I have my cock in my hand, thinking of you.'

Was he really masturbating over me? My mind was all over the place, and I hadn't noticed but so were my hands.

I was rubbing my clit. I could smell my sweet scent hanging in the air. My nipples felt harder than ever before.

I sat on the edge of my bed, opening my legs wider so that I had better access to my clit. My fingers slipped down to my wet entrance. I bit my bottom lip to stop myself moaning. The window was still open and I didn't want my neighbours to hear me. 

My phone vibrated in my other hand. It startled me but didn't stop me pushing my two fingers deep inside my wet pussy.

As I opened the message I started to finger-fuck myself faster. My question had been answered, Jacob was masturbating over me. 

The picture message was proof. There he was, just as he had said, with his cock in his hand. I couldn't work out whether it was the angle of the picture or whether his cock really was as big as it looked. His fingers barely met as they wrapped around his manhood.

I couldn't resist it anymore. I jumped off my bed and almost ran over to my dressing table. Pulling open the bottom drawer I grabbed my favourite toy; my clit stick.

I made my way back to my bed, lay down and thrust my two fingers back into my pussy. Working up a rhythm I switched my clit stick on. The low hum of the vibrating got me more excited than usual.

I quickly flicked the stick over my clit. I jumped as a wave of pleasure washed over me. I could feel my juices flowing over my fingers. I had never been so turned on while masturbating. I rubbed the stick over my clit again, harder this time. My mind wandered to thinking of Jacob's manhood. I thought of him pumping his member in his hand while looking at pictures of me.

My hips thrust up to my fingers at the same time as grinding my hips against the clit stick. I felt my skin tingle, I knew I was close to cumming. My pace quickened, my pussy walls tightened around my fingers and I moaned out loud as my orgasm crashed over me.

My body shuddered as I pulled my fingers from my spent opening. My juices glistened on. I glanced at my phone and in the spur of the moment I parted my lips and ran my tongue over my finger tips.

It tasted sweet, but strong. Nothing like I imagined. I got carried away and tongued at my fingers, like I was starved, until they were clean. It was like they had never been buried deep in my pussy only minutes ago.

I switched off my clit stick and placed it back in the drawer. I had a feeling I would be using it a little more often. 

I picked up my phone, surprised to see another text message from Jacob.

This one read, 'I have to see you. I want to feel those tits in my hands. I want to bury my cock deep in your pussy. Can we meet?'

I was shocked at his request but found myself replying 'Yes come to my apartment.'

Realising my mistake, I quickly sent another text message with my address. In my haste to get him over to my apartment I had forgotten he didn't know where I lived.

Jacob text me back almost immediately, explaining he would be over in about an hour.

That would give me just enough time to get ready I thought. I walked over to my underwear drawer and picked out my favourite red bra with matching red thong. Placing it on the bed I went back into the bathroom. Picking up the damp flannel from the sink, I washed between my thighs making sure I got rid of the 'evidence' from the fun earlier.

Feeling refreshed I got my floor length silk night-dress from the wardrobe. Putting it next to my underwear, the clash in colour looked sexy.

I needed to put some make-up on at least before Jacob arrived. I powdered my face and applied mascara and a coat of my best lip gloss. I brushed my long red hair and decided to leave it down. I loved it when it was down because it went curly.

Time seemed to fly by. I knew I was going to have to hurry if I wanted to open a bottle of wine too. I got dressed, putting on my thong first. I checked to see if my behind looked as good as it had in the pictures I sent to Jacob. Checking the time I quickly put on my bra and night-dress. I loved the innocence of my white night-dress and the devilishness of my red underwear. I felt ready for anything.

I rearranged the bed, getting rid of the creases I had made writhing around in pleasure. 

Making my way to the kitchen I took two wine glasses out and placed them on the granite work surface. I bent down, feeling my night-dress pull tight on my ass, to get a bottle of wine from the rack.

I opened the bottle, at first struggling to get the cork out. My thoughts drifted to my pussy being wrapped that tightly around Jacob's manhood. I snapped back to reality as the buzzer sounded. Within second I felt more nervous than I had ever been. Pressing the button to open the door I took a deep breath, this was it there was no going back now.

I put a smile on my face as I opened the door. Jacob was stood there already, smiling back.

"Hi Maxine," he said. His voice deep and masculine.

"Hey Jacob," I replied. My voice sounded sexier than I had intended.

"Please come in," I motioned towards the sofa. 

Jacob, without being asked, removed his shoes before making his way to the living area. I briskly walked to the kitchen and started pouring the wine.

"I hope red is ok," I asked. I knew I was making small talk.

"I don't mind. We both know I am not here for the wine," replied Jacob.

I blushed, I didn't think he would be so honest. I didn't really know what I had expected.

"Oh yes, sorry I didn't think," I apologised.

"Don't apologise. Come here," Jacob pulled me down on the sofa next to him.

He looked me in the eye and cupped my face with his big manly hands.

"I am here because those pictures you sent me made me hornier than I have ever been," Jacob said. "I came here to see if you looked as hot naked as you did in those pictures, because when I see you at work I never imagined that amazing body."

My cheeks flushed red again. Not as embarrassment of what Jacob was saying but at my noticeably hardening nipples.

I closed my eyes as Jacob lowered his lips to mine. His soft lips brushed against mine. I moaned in my throat, my lips parting slightly. Taking his time Jacob ran his tongue across the crack in my lips, forcing them apart even more. His tongue filled my mouth, it tasted sweet but bitter at the same time.

My own tongue started to dance around his. I hadn't been kissed like this in such a long time, I had almost forgotten what it felt like.

I felt so good to feel a man hold me and kiss me with such a passion I almost came right at that moment.

"Jacob I want you to fuck me," I found myself saying.

I don't know who was more shocked; Jacob or me. I had never used profanities in front of him before but I wanted him inside me more than anything and I wanted him inside me now.

Jacob pulled me back in, this time kissing me harder and more ferociously. I pushed my tongue back against his, licking and sucking on it too. I pressed my body into him, I could feel my hard nipples pushing into his chest. It had the effect I wanted when Jacob's hand slid from my cheek to my left breast.

He rolled my nipple, through my night-dress and my bra, between his thumb and forefinger. My pussy started to throb, I knew my thong would have a wet patch on the crotch.

Jacob broke the kiss, I gasped but then smiled when I realised he was making his way down my body. He slid off the sofa, onto the floor and knelt in front of me.

He pushed my night-dress up around my waist and looked down at my red thong.

"You sexy little minx," he rasped. 

His masculine voice sent a chill down my spine. He pushed my thong to the side and put his face into my pussy. He took a deep breath, taking in my scent. Then without warning he plunged his tongue into my wet opening.

I moaned out loud as his tongue pulled in and out of me. He was lapping up all of my juices and still tweaking my nipples. I could feel myself losing control.

"Yes, baby lick my pussy. Don't stop!" I moaned.

Digging his tongue deeper inside me, Jacob had his nose pressed against my clit. He stopped rubbing my nipple and slid his hand down my body. I barely noticed that Jacob had replaced his tongue with two of his fingers, until he flicked my clit with his soft tongue.

It shocked me so much I jumped off the sofa, forcing my clit into Jacob's mouth. He pulled it in, sucking and nibbling. He pumped his fingers into my dripping opening.

My entire body began to shudder, my pussy tightened around Jacob's fingers

"Oh god, I'm Cumming," I almost screamed.

An orgasm ripped through my body, but Jacob didn't stop licking my clit. Only once I had finished shaking did he stop.

He slipped his fingers out of my pussy and climbed onto the sofa, straddling me.

He dipped his face towards mine, kissing me hard. I could smell my juices on his face and taste myself on his lips. 

I was surprised when he slipped the two fingers, he had buried inside me, between our dancing tongues. The taste was a lot stronger than it had been on his lips. 

Even though it was almost over-powering, I found myself taking both of Jacob's fingers into my mouth and sucking them clean.

It was the second time this evening I had sucked fingers clean of my pussy juices.

"That is so kinky," groaned Jacob.

"That's nothing baby," I said sexily.

Jacob clambered off me and stood in front of me. I grabbed his waistband, pulling him towards me. His crotch was just in front of my face.

I slowly unbuckled his belt and unzipped his jeans, not realising how baby they were as they fell to the floor.

Jacob's tight boxer shorts show cased his manhood perfectly. I could see a perfect outline of his stiff member, proving it was as big as it had looked in the picture message he had sent me.

I hooked my fingers in the waist of his boxers and pushed them down to his ankles. His throbbing cock was finally free and I was struggling to control myself as it twitched, just inches away from my face.

I took his cock in my hand, and stoked it gently like it would break if I was rough with it.

I bent my head and took his cock in my mouth. I had to open my mouth wider than I had expected to take his head in. I certainly didn't think a man could be blessed with both length and girth in the trouser department.

I could already taste his pre-cum as his cock forced its way down my throat. I was used to deep throating but I felt like I couldn't swallow another inch.

I was getting more turned on as Jacob's cock hit the back of my throat. He moaned each time I brought my head back up.

"Maxine, you are so good at this," he said.

He grabbed the back of my head, pushing my mouth further down his shaft. My nose brushed against his wiry pubic hair. I felt like I was going to choke but I was getting wetter each time he rammed his cock into my mouth.

I was working up a rhythm with my tongue as Jacob fucked my face harder.

"Baby stop!" He said. "I'm going to cum if you carry on."

He pulled his 8 inch cock out of my mouth, I flicked his bulbous head with my tongue making him jerk backwards.

Grabbing my arms, he pulled me to my feet. Before he kissed me again he stepped out of his jeans and boxer shorts.

He kicked them to one side and picked me up, like I weighed nothing, I wrapped my legs around his waist. My night-dress was still hitched up past my thighs.

I kissed him again, passionately. I wanted him to know I was ready for him. The kiss had the desired effect because Jacob started walking towards my open bedroom door.

I couldn't wait any longer, I needed Jacob inside me. I had waited all evening for this and I was looking forward to it.

He practically dropped me onto the bed and took his t-shirt off before I had a chance to recover. He leaned over me and pushed my night-dress further up my body until it slipped over my head revealing my bra and thong, which was still pushed to the side.

He pulled my thong down to my ankles so quickly they almost ripped. He was a s eager as I was. Crawling up the bed her threw my legs apart and climbed in between them.

Taking his cock in his hand he rubbed it across my wet slit before he plunged into my hot entrance.

I gasped at the sheer size of him as Jacob stretched my walls to accommodate his cock. I don't know whether it was because it was slightly painful but the pleasure was nothing like I had ever felt. I was on the brink of cumming already and he was only half way in.

He worked a slow rhythm, moving in and out of me, pushing a little deeper each time he trust into me. It didn't take him long to work all 8 inches of him inside me and now that I was used to his size I didn't want him to take it easy.

I pulled him towards me and whispered in his ear, "fuck me baby. Fuck me hard and deep." Grabbing my ankles he leaned back and put my legs on his shoulders. He pumped faster and faster, thrusting deeper each time until my head was almost banging against the wall.

I reached back and unhooked my bra, releasing my 36DD breasts. They bounced in time with Jacob thrusting into me.

Still keeping his rhythm Jacob fondled my breast with one hand and lowered the other to my clit. He began to rub my clit with his thumb.

I felt myself cumming, my moans became louder until I was almost screaming when my orgasm crashed over me like a wave.

I knew Jacob must be close, I could feel that his cock was as hard as steel.

Jacob pulled out of me and flipped me over so that my ass was in the air. Yes, I thought, he was going to fuck me doggy style. It was my favourite position and I loved it rough.

Jacob pulled me toward him, his hands on my hips. He pushed my legs apart with his knee and then guided his pulsing cock into my pussy. 

The position made my pussy tighten around his cock. I could feel ever vein as he pulled in and out of me. 

"Yes Jacob fuck me. Fuck me like the little bitch I am," I said.

My dirty talk must have turned him on even more because he grabbed a handful of my hair and used it to pull me back onto his cock. 

He was thrusting into me hard and fast, his balls slapping against my clit.

"Spank me baby!" I shouted.

Jacob brought his free hand down on my ass cheek over and over, making me squeal each time. Jacob started to grunt, I knew he was on the verge of cumming.

I reached between my legs and rubbed vigorously at my clit. It was too much for me to handle as Jacob spanked my ass again.

"Yes, I'M CUMMING!" I screamed into the bed.

My body shook, I pushed back onto Jacob's cock and I heard him moan my name over and over as we rode the orgasm together.
