 Sitting at her desk at the back of the classroom, Sherrie was in her own little world. Trying to hide the fact that she was texting in class. She held the book up in front of her.

"I'm glad you like the way I suck your cock." she quickly texted her boyfriend.

"You sure did make me cum good last night." he texted back as he sat in Science class. He quickly sent her another message.

"I could suck your cock all day, I love when you cum in my..." suddenly Sherrie's phone was in the hand of her English teacher. He had walked up on her and taken the phone from her.

"Mr. Stevens, that's my phone." she protested as he slipped the phone into his pants pocket. "Damn, he can read all of my messages." she realized.

"You know my rule, no cell phones in my class." he told her, looking down at her. "You're 18 years old you'd think you'd know how to follow the rules."

"I know, I'm sorry. Can I have my phone back now?" she asked looking up at him.

"You can come back after school and get it." he said noticing her nipples through her tight tee-shirt.

"After school! That's five hours from now." she said, she sure didn't want anyone reading her messages to and from her boyfriend. This didn't need to get back to her parents, they would ground her for the rest of her life.

"After school." he told her as he turned and walked back to the front of the classroom.

Sherrie noticed everyone was looking at her, she ignored them and started reading about William Shakespeare.

It was going to be a long day, she thought to herself, worrying Mr. Stevens would read those messages. There weren't just messages to her boyfriend but also to other boy's she had sex with. She liked sex and her boyfriend just couldn't give her enough. As far as she was concerned, what he didn't know wouldn't hurt her.

The bell rang and she got up and walked past Mr. Stevens desk, praying he didn't check out her phone.

"Hey!" Tina called to Sherrie as they both walked out of class, "Bet you can't wait to get your phone back?"

"Yeah, they're things in my phone I don't want anyone to see." Sherrie confessed as they entered the girls restroom.

"Mr. Stevens is a pretty nice guy, I'm sure he won't read those messages."

"If I were a teacher I would." Sherrie said as she brushed her long hair in the mirror.

Mr. Stevens sat back at his desk and scrolled through the messages on Sherrie's phone.

No wonder she was so popular, she loved to suck and fuck. From everything he had read she liked boys and girls. Thankfully he had free time this period, glancing at his watch he knew he had at least 45 minutes to himself.

"What are you gonna do if he won't give you your phone back?"

"I'm screwed in more ways than one." she told Tina, they had been best friends since the second grade. Tina was her favorite person they were as close as two girls could be. If you saw one you usually saw the other. They were always together. "You wanna spend the night with me on Friday night?"

"Sure." Tina said really wanting to eat Sherrie's pussy. They had started having sex a couple of years ago. Tina's parents would die if they knew she had sex, and especially sex with another girl. They didn't believe in sex before marriage or gay sex.

"Crap! I gotta run I'll be late for Mrs. Dunbar's math class. Tina said "She'll write me up if I'm late again."

"Okay I need to run too." Sherrie grabbed her books and they both went to their next classes.

Mr. Stevens got up and walked over and locked the classroom door, he unbuckled his pants as he walked back over to his desk. Damn his cock was hard already. He always seemed to get an erection anytime he was around Sherrie. He pulled his hard cock out and sat back at his desk. He stroked his cock wondering what it would feel like to have little Miss Sherrie sucking on his dick.

There had been many times he had sat back and watched her, thinking of her being down on her knees in front of him. Licking and sucking his cock, stroking his balls as she gave him a blow job.

"Yeah." he said as he stroked his cock, loving how it felt in his hand. He would rather have Sherrie sucking him off. He has been married for 28 years and he didn't get any kind of sex at home.

It had been years since he and his wife had fucked, he had to jack off when he could get the chance.

He leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes as he continued to stroke his dick. He could almost see Sherrie down on her knees in front of him. "Suck it..." he tells her in his fantasy.

"Wonder what else she has on this phone." he said as he checked it out. "She's got some video's." he said as he started to scroll through them.

"Damn!" he said as he found one of her sucking a black guy off. She looked like she enjoyed giving head, he watched as she fucked that black cock with her mouth. Licking and sucking, letting spit run down all over it. Just watching her made him stroke his cock faster and harder. "Do it little girl, suck that dick." he moaned as he thought of her sucking him after school. He had her right where he wanted her, she would be in so much trouble if her parents saw everything on her phone. He would get all the sex he wanted now. He would keep her secrets as long as she gave him what he wanted.

Scrolling through the video's he recognized a few of his students, "She eats pussy too." he said as he noticed a video of Sherrie eating Tina's sweet looking pussy. Feeling pre-cum dribbling down his shaft he rubbed it all over his cock. "Yeah, do it take my cock, deep throat me." he said as he stroked his hard cock and reached for his balls. "I can get her and Tina at the same time." he said realizing he could have them both. Watching that video of her sucking black cock got him close to cumming. He watched it again, loved to see her take that cock as deep down her throat as she could. She was good. Grabbing her by her head the black guy fucked her mouth, deep and fast.

"Suck it, suck that black cock make him cum." Mr. Stevens whispered as he watched her bobbing her head up and down on that dick. She sure did seem to love it. He wanted to try and cum at the same time the black guy did. Getting a closer look he knew he was looking at the football coach. "My,my,my." he said as he gripped his cock tighter. He had always wanted to have that coach suck him off. Now maybe he had a chance, he continued to watch and stroke his cock.

"You're going to be one busy young lady." Mr. Stevens said as he could feel himself getting close.

"Do it, yeah, take my cock." he said as he spit on his cock, making it slick. After today he would be getting all of the pussy he could handle.

Damn! His cock was so hard he needed to cum. He could just imagine her lying on her back on his desk as he fucked her sweet looking pussy. Hearing her begging him to fuck her. 

"Yes, yes, please FUCK me Mr. Stevens." feeling her tight pussy surround his cock.

"I'm gonna fuck you good." he imagined himself telling her as he pounded into her.

He continued to stroke his cock, "Fuck yeah, take it." he moaned thinking of how it would feel as she sucked him off. "Take it you naughty little girl." he had made up his mind he would make her his own personal little slut.

If she wanted good grades she would have to obey him. Suck and fuck him when ever he wanted her too. He was feeling so good, he needed to cum soon.

Stroking harder and faster he was almost at the point of no return, he could feel the cum rising in his balls. "Suck it! Suck it!" he moaned loudly as he imagined her taking his dick all the way. She was licking and sucking and slurping his cock, spit pouring from her lips.

"Now yeah now!!" he moaned as his cock exploded in his hand. Spurt after spurt of cum shot out the head of his dick. "Take it Sherrie, take my cum you slut!"

After giving himself several minutes to calm down he went to the men's room and cleaned up.

"There all done." Mr. Stevens said when he had finished saving everything from Sherrie's phone to the extra cell phone he kept in his desk at school. He did this so his wife wouldn't find it.

Anything he didn't want her to know or see was on this phone. "There is no way Sherrie, won't do as I say." he said with a smile as he put the phone into a desk drawer and locked it.

"Hey! Why did you stop texting me?" Ronnie asked Sherrie as he walked up to the lunch table and put his tray down.

"I couldn't help it." she said as she took a bite of her hamburger. "Mr. Stevens saw me texting and he took my phone away from me."

"Fuck!" Ronnie said realizing the teacher had all of their messages.

"He said I can get it back after school."

"Oh good, and make sure you erase everything on there." Ronnie said, not wanting those videos and pictures and messages getting out.

"Oh believe me I will." she said, wishing school was over so she could get her phone back.

"I forgot to tell you I've got football practice after school." he told her.

"Oh okay, I've got to go home and study anyway." she said looking her watch, three more hours and she would have her phone back. She would go home and then save everything to a flash drive and then delete it off of her phone. She would have to find a really good hiding place for that flash drive, couldn't take a chance of her folks finding it.

Sherrie sat in her last class of the day and watched the clock on the wall. A few more minutes she thought, just a few more minutes and she could go and get her phone. 

She wasn't even paying any attention to her teacher giving out the home work assignment, it just sounded like the teacher from the Peanuts cartoon.

"Blah,blah, blah,blah,blah."

Finally the bell rang, she grabbed her books and went to her locker. 

"Are you riding the bus home?" Tina asked her as she ran up to her locker.

"I'll probably walk, I hate riding the bus." Sherrie said as she sorted through her books and grabbed her math book. She had a big test on Friday and she hadn't even started to study for it.

"Okay good luck getting your phone back, I'll call you later." Tina said as she slammed her locker shut.

"Okay talk to you later." Sherrie said as Tina walked away. 

Sherrie stood out side of Mr. Stevens classroom almost afraid to go in.

She took a deep breath and walked in. He was seated at his desk grading papers.

"Come on in." he told her looking up from the pile of papers on his desk.

"Close the door." he instructed her.

She did as she was told, she stood there waiting for him to say or do something. "Geeze, give me my phone back already." she thought as she watched him.

"Sit down." he told her motioning her to a seat in front of his desk. 

He stood and walked around to where she sat, he leaned against the desk. He looked at her, taking in the fact he could still see those sweet nipples through her skimpy bra and tight tee-shirt. "Do you think you deserve to get your phone back?"

he asked her looking at her intently. "You've known my rule about cell phones in class, you've known this since day one." he said.

"Yes, I promise I won't do it again." she said just wanting to get her phone and get out of there. She was getting a funny feeling in the pit of her stomach.

"Can I have my phone back please?" She asked feeling very uncomfortable.

"In due time young lady." he told her as he went over and opened the door and glanced out in the hall. It was deserted already, the janitor wouldn't be around to his classroom for a couple of hours. "We need to have a talk Sherrie." he told her as he closed the door and locked it.

"Mr. Stevens you locked the door." she said feeling nervous.

"Yes, I did." he said as he reached up and loosened his tie, taking it off and tossing it on his desk. "I saw all those messages and video's and pictures you had on your phone." he said as he looked right at her.

"Oh crap!" Sherrie said realizing her worst fears had come true. "What are you gonna do?" she asked as he walked over to where she sat.

"Well, Miss Sherrie, it's more like what are you going to do for me." he told her as he unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. "I'll keep quiet as long as you do what ever I ask you to do."

"Fuck!" She whispered to herself knowing there was no way out of this. "So you want me to give you a blow job?"

"Oh more than that." He said as he reached down and took her by her arm and stood her up and led her to his chair behind his desk. "Sit down." he instructed her.

Sherrie did as he told her to do, he picked up his tie and walked behind her.

He quickly tied her hands to the back of the chair. She wouldn't be able to move.

"Now, this is how it is going to be." He said as he stood back in front of her stroking his cock. "You will do what ever I say."

Sherrie felt the color drain out of her face, she was really screwed big time.

"And if I don't?" she asked feeling more brave than she was.

"I have everything you had on your phone." he said letting that statement sink in. "Those messages and videos and pictures can destroy a lot of lives."

Sherrie knew he had her right where he wanted her. She would have to do what ever he told her to do. "Al-alright I'll do what ever you say." she said trying to loosen the tie around her wrists.

"Good girl." he said as he stood in front of her, he stroked his cock. "You're going to suck me for starters." he said as he grabbed the back of her head and pulled her mouth towards his cock.

Sherrie, had no choice, she leaned as close to him as she could. She took it, feeling that dick slide into her mouth. She did like to suck cock, there was no doubt about that. She had no choice if she didn't want her folks finding out about the video's and messages and pictures on her phone.

"Open your mouth and suck my dick." he told her as he felt his cock starting to get hard, she sucked him fast and deep. "Slow down." he ordered her as he reached down with one hand and grabbed her right tit.

"Hm-mm." she moaned around his cock, he grabbed her tit a bit rough. She knew she had to suck him off and get this over with as soon as possible.

"You are going to be my personal slut, my whore." he said as he pulled her tee-shirt up and reached into her bra. She had perfect little tits. He was going to love sucking and biting them, twisting them. He wanted to hear her moaning.

Sherrie slowed down and sucked him slower just the way he wanted her to. She had to admit she did like the taste of his cock. His cock was getting bigger and harder in her mouth. She wasn't used to having her arms behind her back. 

"I'm gonna fuck your mouth, make you take my cum." he said as he held her head tighter and fucked her mouth. 

Sherrie, pulled back on his cock a bit and flicked her tongue across the head of his cock. She knew most guys loved this. She squirmed in her seat, her panties were starting to get wet. 

"You are such a tease in class." he said as he started to fuck her mouth. "Wearing those short tight skirts." he said remembering how she looked the other day as she bent over in front of him. He could see her sheer panties and the outline of her pussy lips.

His cock was feeling so good in her mouth, tasting some pre-cum already.

"Mm-mm." she moaned around his cock as she bobbed her head up and down on his cock.

That's what he wanted to hear, her moaning around his cock in her mouth.

If he even mentioned sex to his wife she just gave him a look of disgust. To her sex was for one thing only and that was to have children. In her eyes she had fulfilled her duty and gave him a son.

"You like my cock? Hm-mm?" he asked her as he pushed his dick a little deeper into her mouth, she started to gag so he pulled back a bit. "You will learn to love my cock, even beg me for it." he said gripping her head tighter as the feelings got better for him.

Sherrie, spread her legs open, her pussy was so wet. She wished she could touch herself. She was starting to get horny. If his cock felt this good in her mouth how good would it feel pounding into her tight pussy.

Sherrie wished that she could rub her pussy, or better yet have Mr. Stevens finger her while she sucked him. He was sexy and she was beginning to like his dick in her mouth. She wouldn't mind being bent over his desk while he pounded her with his cock.

Grabbing her by the back of her head he pushed his cock deeper into her mouth.

She sucked dick just as good as he had imagined she did. She was a natural.

"You are good, I have to give you credit for that." he told her as he held the back of her head as he fucked her hot mouth. "Take it, take it slut." he said as he forced more of his cock into her mouth.

Sherrie's eyes were watering, it was hard for her to breathe. She couldn't move, not the way he had her hands tied. She was just going to have to try and finish him off. 

She did love to suck cock and swallow but she didn't like being tied up this way.

With all her strength she pulled away from him, his cock slipped out of her mouth.

"Fuck!" he said and grabbed the back of her head trying to force her back onto his dick.

"You've got to let me breathe, I'll pass out." she said as she gasped for air.

He couldn't afford for that to happen, he stroked his cock as she tried to take some air into her lungs. "We don't have much time." he said hoping the janitor took his time before coming to his room to clean.

He walked around behind her and untied her arms, "Stand up and take those panties off." he told her. It might be quicker if he just fucked her, he wanted to see how tight she was.

"But..." she started to say, realizing she just needed to do what ever he asked. She pulled her skirt up and pulled her lacy panties down her legs, she dropped them to the floor.

"Lie back on the desk." he ordered her, she did as she was told. He took a good look at her, she had a nice shaved pussy. Looked nice and tight. 

"Mm-mm, nice and wet." he said as he rubbed her pussy lips. "Let's see how tight this pussy is, shall we?" he said as he spread her pussy lips open revealing her sweet pink pussy. 

Sherrie felt him teasing the opening to her pussy as he started to slip his middle finger inside of her. "Hm-mm." she moaned, she did love to get finger fucked. Just something about fingers deep inside of her made her so hot.

"Sss-hhh, not a sound." he said as he started to finger fuck her. He wanted to make sure she was nice and wet when he gave her his cock. "Do you like to fuck?" he asked her as he rubbed his thumb across her clit.

"Yes." she answered liking the way he was touching her. Maybe being his slut was going to be okay after all. 

"Good, because I'm going to fuck you." he told her as he took his hand away and he bent down and licked her pussy.

Sherrie gasped at the feel of his tongue on her pussy lips. "Yes." she said as she felt him sucking on her pussy. She raised her hips wanting him to continue.

"You have to be quiet." he told her as he stood and stroked his cock, he was going to enjoy fucking her. He moved in and rubbed the head of his cock on her wet pussy. "Next time we might get some one else to join us." he told her as he pushed the head of his cock just inside of her slit.

Shit! Sherrie thought he had everything that she had on her phone. He could use it against a lot of people. She was hoping he wouldn't do that, but she had a feeling he would. She did like the thought of getting fucked doggy and having the football coach in front of her fucking her mouth, while Mr. Stevens fucked her doggy. 

"Fuck! I hear the janitor down at the other end of the hall." he said as he suddenly rammed his cock all the way inside of her. 

Sherrie started to cry out when he put his hand over her mouth, he started to pound into her. In and out he fucked her with his big cock. She was trying to be quiet. It was feeling so good. Taking his hand away he leaned over her on the desk and fucked her fast and hard. "Yes, oh yes!" she moaned as he gave her his dick.
