 The sunlight slanting through the glass bathing me in the warm glow. I watch the driveway anticipating your arrival, my hands unconsciously sliding over my silk encased hips. A slight squeak is all the I hear before a pair of warm strong arms slide around my waist, warm breath caressing the side of my neck as you press your cheek into my hair. I part my lips to say something, but no words come out as your finger presses against them. I understand then that no words will be spoken. Your hands are warm pressed as they are against my silk covered skin. Your fingers slip easily over my breasts finding my nipples already hard poking against the fabric, you close your fingers around them rolling my nipples gently.

Your hands guide my dress off letting it pool at my feet. Your hands press against me, but this time directly against my flesh. You trail your fingertips over my skin, barely touching, goosebumps forming. Your mouth mimics your fingers, I moan softly and you stop, I start to beg you to continue and you step away from me, my body losing the warmth of yours. I stand still, biting my lip. This time when you touch me your hands are no longer so gentle, they grip my bare ass cheeks, squeezing them, one hand dipping into my wet heat from behind. I fall forward slightly bracing myself against the window, your hands on my thighs, parting them. I hear the rustle of clothes falling to the floor, and then just before I feel the fire from a strike of your belt I hear the whistle and know what's coming. My breath fogging the window as you bring your belt down against the taut flesh of my ass marking it, making it burn, my teeth firmly biting my lip now. And yet the smell of my arousal is still filling the room and my juices sticky on my thighs. 

I hear your belt drop to the floor, silently thinking it is over and you are going to press your hard cock into my dripping hot pussy. But it is not to be, as your hand presses firmly against my pussy cupping it, a small whimper escapes me, but either you didn't hear or you don't care. You hand moves away from me, and you open my thighs further drawing my hips back causing me to bend at the waist. The air of the room chilly against my heated flesh. I hear you move away but my eyes never leave the glass. 

I jump as your hand closes around one of my breasts, so caught up in the feeling in me that I never noticed your approach. Your fingers grip my nipple and twist and pull on it, causing my hips to buck, making me moan. This time you do hear and you chuckle. I begin to wonder what you are going to do, when there is a burning sensation on my nipple, I look down and you have attached a clamp. I whimper from the pleasure/pain response, my pussy leaking more juice. You chuckle again, and again I feel the burning sensation, I don't need to look to know you attached a clamp to the other nipple. 

As I begin to get used to the tightness and the pain turns to a dull throb you tighten the clamps and tug a little on the chain the connects them, making me moan and whimper. You walk away from me again, and I am nothing but a bundle of pleasure and pain. I then feel you easily slip 2 fingers deep into my wet pussy, I let out a low moan and you remove them causing a whimper, this happens again and again. 

Just as I think the heat being generated by my pussy will overwhelm you, you surprise me and slide an ice cold dildo into me causing me to buck my hips and moan loudly. You pump it in and out slowly, I try to push my hips back to keep it in me but you always make sure I never can.

My entire body is on fire with need. I'm begging you to fuck me, to let me cum. I feel your hands leave the dildo slowly slipping out of me, the thump when it hits the floor so loud in the silence of the room. I feel you move behind me, gripping my hips hard enough to leave marks, and you plunge your hard thick cock deep into me stretching me out. You lean over my back...one hand curling into the dangling chain tugging at it the other stroking my clit. My body aching with the swelling of my orgasm and I cum convulsively on your cock, my pussy spasming around your invading cock. You keep tugging on the chain, lancing my core with pain and the pleasure of the stimulation of my clit driving me insane. All the while you pump your cock in and out, playing my body like a finely tuned instrument. 

As I feel you cum deep in me, each spurt of your seed scalding me, I cum again and again, screaming and moaning in complete abandon. And as I come down, through the orgasmic fog clouding my brain, I feel the removal of the clamps and You cradle me against your broad hard chest. Your hands soft as they stroke my sweat covered skin, letting me know without words that you love me.