 Tonight you're going out with your girlfriends after work for dinner and drinks. I had planned a nice slow evening just hanging out with the dog and relaxing with my favorite drink and a movie I'd watched 1000 times already. So after I got home from work, took the dog for a walk and worked out, I settled down to making dinner and turning on my stupid movie. 

Around 8 o'clock, I'd cleaned up dinner, and settled down with a glass of bourbon and my phone started buzzing. I figured it was you calling telling me that you were on your way home, but instead it was a text saying you were going to a bar after dinner and would be a little late. I texted back "I love you, have fun!" and went back to my movie. I wasn't paying attention to my phone, but when I got up to refresh my drink I noticed I'd missed a text from you. The text had no words, just a picture of your cleavage, which was apparently on display as your blouse was unbuttoned and extra button or so. I sent back a smiley face, but my head was already spinning with the thought of taking your blouse off. I decided I'd start paying better attention to my phone...

A while later another text came through, this time a picture of your skirt hiked up a little higher on your legs than normal... If I'd been facing you, I'd have sworn I could tell what color panties you were wearing. I decided not to text back for fear of getting way too excited and bombarding you with a ton of dirty text messages while out with your friends. 

About a half hour later, you became too much for me to handle. Your next text was from the bathroom, and was a picture of your panties in your hand and the words "These are staying off the rest of the night". I almost texted back "GET HOME NOW!" but was able to control myself and texted back "Can't wait, have fun!"

Now came the hard part of the night... After a drink and a half I had a little buzz going and was feeling great. The only thing that would make it better would be if I could cum right now. In a moment of weakness I grabbed my computer, and pulled up some of the pictures we'd taken in so long ago. 

I got harder and harder looking at you in that pink lingerie, and me inside you, and you guiding my cock into you. It took every ounce of my will power to not start stroking myself right then and there, I could almost feel your warm, wet pussy on my cock and your soft lips on mine. I could feel my hands on your breasts as I slid in and out of you while you laid on your back, your head tilted back with your eyes closed...

I decided I needed some water, with lots and lots of ice. I walked to the fridge, and poured myself a big glass and pounded the water, letting the ice cool water calm my pulsing nerves. After my little cool down, I went back to the couch and tried to calm my nerves.

I was successful until around 9:30 when your next text came. Again, it was just a picture, but your skirt was hiked up ridiculously high and your left hand was covering between your legs. Your wedding ring was sparkling right in the middle of your thighs. Two minutes later, you sent me another text "Are you hard? Are you ready to fuck me when I get home? Are you touching yourself?"

All I could respond back with was "Yes, yes, YES." I went back to get another glass of water. My head was spinning, you never text me like this and it was driving me insane. All I wanted was for you to walk in the door and let me take you, right in the doorway.

You stopped texting after that, until about 10:30 when you sent "cumming home. Touching myself. So fucking wet." All the blood in my body headed below my waist and I got dizzy as I stood up to go sit by the door.

I sat by the door like a lost puppy watching the second hand on my watch ticking away so slowly as I waited for the garage door to open. The twenty-minute drive you had must have taken 90 minutes in my head, but as soon as I heard the garage door start to move, I stood up like a rocket. I heard your music going in the car as you put it in park, and your door open. You must have grabbed your purse or your coat as it seemed like an eternity before I heard your hand on the doorknob.

The second you pushed the door open, I reached out and swung it open even harder. I reached out, knocked your purse out of your hand, threw your coat on the floor and grabbed you by the waist, lifting you off the ground and kissed you hard and deep. I didn't give you a second to say a word, I simply carried you from the door to the dining room table, where I sat you on the edge of it and removed your shirt as quickly as I could, throwing it to the floor. 

I roughly reached behind you and undid your bra, and threw it aside, pressing you back on the table so that I could suck on each or your already hard nipples. With one hand on your breast, my other hand reached down to your skirt and pushed it up as quickly as I could. 

As soon as your skirt was up around your waist, I reached down and dropped my shorts as quickly as I could and guided my shaft into your dripping wet pussy. I pushed into you as far as I could, then grabbed the base of my cock and pulled it out of you. You were so wet, the light shone off of my cock before I slid it back into you. After that, I didn't hold back. 

I fucked you like I was a dying man, grabbing your hips and pushing them on to me, pressing your back into the cool tabletop. You started to arch your back and said "Fuck me, fuck me until you cum! Do not stop for one second!" I did everything you asked and within minutes was near cumming. I looked down at your hips, saw my hands holding onto your sides, and saw your fingers furiously rubbing your clit, and soon you started to scream out "I'm cumming! Harder, harder, harder!" 

I felt my head explode as I pumped into you as fast and as hard as I could, and as I felt your insides squeeze the head of my shaft so hard, I started to cum inside you, still pumping as hard as I could into you. Slowly, my brain started to come back into reality and I looked down at your beautiful face and slowly kissed your lips. You reached behind my head, and grabbed my hair and pulled me even closer to you, kissing me hard and deep. Slowly, you backed your lips away from mine and said "Take me upstairs. I need to clean up before I make you cum again."

With that, I lifted you off the table and carried you in my arms up the stairs. I let you to your feet at the top of the stairs and admired the view as you walked into our bedroom, skirt still around your waist, naked everywhere else and headed to the bathroom.

Five minutes later, you walked out of the bathroom, completely naked. I'd decided to go clean up in a different bathroom, and had pulled the covers back on the bed, and was lying on my side of the bed waiting for you. For some unknown reason I'd put my trunks back on while I was lying on the bed. You slowly walked over to me, leaned over the bed and kissed me. Then you stepped back and said, "I think its time that you made me cum. I need to cum again, badly..." With that, you walked to your side of the bed, and reached into your dresser and pulled out Mr. Silver and a bottle of lube. You didn't say a word the entire time you did this, you simply tossed the toy and lube on the bed, threw your pillows off the bed, and laid down.

"OK... Make me cum. Do whatever you want, but you're going to make me cum before I'm even going to think about touching you. I'm all yours."

Slowly, and a little nervously, I got up to my knees and slid you to the middle of the bed. You were on your back, and you pulled my pillows behind your head. I crawled up slowly, between your legs, drawing my tongue and lips from your hips, to your stomach and between your breasts, and finally up to your neck where I started kissing from your collarbone to each earlobe. Finally I slipped over and kissed your lips lightly, then began kissing my way down to your chest where I spent a few minutes sucking and caressing every inch of each or your breasts. 

After giving enough attention to our breasts, I kissed my way down your stomach, then kissed from each hip to the inside of each thigh, never once touching between your gorgeous toned legs. From there, I kissed my way down your left thigh, lifting your leg up so that I could kiss the back of your leg, and then down to your ankle. I traced a line up your leg to your inner thigh, then jumped over your beautiful pussy lips and slowly kissed my way down your right leg. As I started to kiss my way up your right leg, I let my fingers slip across your lips and press down near your ass. I kissed my way around your entire vagina before lightly flicking my tongue across the top of your lips, where I finally heard a little gasp from you.

Slowly, I pressed my fingers into the space between your thighs, not entering you, but pressing against the outside. My tongue started to trace lines around your lips, above your clitoris, and down the other side. I kept doing this for a few minutes, tracing circles, and pressing against you with my fingers. Slowly, my fingers began to work their way into the bottom of your beautiful slit, feeling the wetness coming from you already. 

You started to move your hips slightly, tilting yourself towards me, opening yourself up to me. As you did this, I slid my finger inside of you and started licking directly on your clit in slow circles. I stayed like this for a few minutes, slowly licking every bit of you I could, sliding my fingers in and out of you. Your hips started to rise and fall with my motions, and I could hear your breathing pick up the more I licked and pressed.

After a minute of this, I reached to your side and grabbed Mr. Silver and the lube. I also grabbed my last pillow and slid it under your hips. While slowly licking you, I started to slide Mr. Silver inside of you, but didn't turn him on. Once he was fully inside you, I popped the top off the lube and dribbled some onto my fingers and slid a few drops onto your ass.

I started to slowly circle my finger around your ass, while still licking on your clit. I kept doing this, my circles getting smaller and smaller until just the slightest bit of pressure pushed the tip of my finger inside your ass. I heard your breathing catch and looked up at you looking down on me. As our eyes met, I used my other hand to turn on the vibrator just a little bit, causing you to roll your head back and let out a moan. I kept one hand on the vibrator making sure it stayed inside you, then started to push my finger deeper into your ass. I could feel you tightening around my finger, and on the tip of my finger I could feel the vibrations inside of you. Slowly, I started to move the vibrator in and out in very small movements while keeping my other finger inside of you completely still. 

As the vibrator slid in and out of you I could feel you whole body tense as the vibrator worked its magic. Soon, your hips were rising and falling with the motion of the vibrator, getting deeper inside of you with each push, along with my finger in your ass, each little bit it pushed deeper feeling you tighten and relax around it. I adjusted myself slightly so that I had a better position and started to thrust both my finger and the vibrator into you more quickly. 

Each time my finger and the vibrator pushed farther into you your hips rose and fell and your whole body tightened and relaxed. In a minute you started to moan louder and said "harder, harder, don't stop I'm going to cum!" I did exactly what you asked and started pushing harder with both hands. Just as I looked up to see your face, I felt your body grip my finger so tight and your hips bucked upward as you started to cum. You let out three long "OH! OH! Oh!" screams and then your body contracted into a ball forcing both my finger and the vibrator out of you.

I reached down and turned the vibrator off, and slid up next to you and started to kiss your lips. After a minute of kissing I pulled back, looked right in your eyes and told you "Now, its my turn... I want to feel your mouth on me. I want you to make me so hard right now."

In a flash, you'd jumped onto your knees and roughly pushed me back onto the bed. You grabbed at the waistband of my trunks and pulled them down and threw them to the side of the bed, positioning yourself between my legs. Slowly you kissed across my stomach, and down my thighs, then slid back and kissed right where my thighs meet in the middle. With one hand, you grabbed the shaft of my penis and pulled up and started to lick between my legs. You traced small circles around the base of my shaft, and even licked lower down. You took your other hand and started to press against the base of my shaft while the other hand started to stroke my growing cock. 

The harder you stroked and pressed, the harder I got. Just when I thought I couldn't take it any more, you slid your lips onto my tip and swallowed as much of me as you could. I couldn't believe how deep you'd taken me in your mouth, but just as you got to where I thought you'd stop, you pressed more, and then applied even more pressure to the base of my shaft with your thumb. Quickly, you slipped me out of your mouth and traced a line down my cock to the base of my shaft where you started tracing small circles with your tongue, all the while still pressing hard against me with your thumb. You licked lower and lower until your thumb and tongue were fighting for the same space. 

As you did this, you kept stroking my shaft, pulling my foreskin down as far as it could go, exposing my super sensitive tip. You stayed like this for a few seconds, stroking, licking, probing until you finally traced one last line up my shaft and took me back into your mouth. You started sucking hard, moving your head and hand in unison, sucking the tip of me as hard as you could when it was exposed, then sliding off as your hand rose again. You did this three more times, and right as I thought I was going to lose control, you slid forward and mounted me.

Your knees were bent at my sides and I could see your still wet pussy just at the tip of my shaft. You put one hand between your legs and grabbed ahold of me, rubbing me against the outside of your glistening, wet pussy. Slowly, you lowered yourself onto me, letting me watch my swollen shaft slide into your tight little hole. It felt so amazing, every nerve in my shaft was focused on how tight you were as I slid in, so slowly. Once I was all the way in, you put your hands behind your head, sticking your chest out at me and ground your hips against me. I laid there, captivated with your gorgeous body and the feeling of being inside of you.

As you pressed harder against me, I asked you to get off and lay beside me. Slowly, you lifted yourself off of me, and laid down next to me. I slipped an arm under your body and cupped your breast next to me, and stated to slowly play with your nipple, while kissing the side of your neck. I started to press my hips against your ass, sliding my cock right under your pussy. 

With a little change of your hips, I slid back into you and started pumping into you as hard as I could. I started fucking you like there was no tomorrow, as hard and as fast as I could. Right when I thought I'd cum, I stopped, pulled out of you and got behind you. I lifted you up by your hips, with your face still against the bed and grabbed the sides of your hips. You reached behind you and slid my shaft into you. 

As I slid in, you started to grip my shaft tighter, exposing the head of my cock as it entered you. I lost all control at this point, and grabbed your hips pulling them back towards me as I thrust into you as fast and as hard as I could. Within what seemed like no time, I started to scream out "I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" I grabbed your hips tight to me, and came inside of you. Each spurt from my cock felt so amazing as I unloaded myself inside of you for the second time that night. 

As I started to catch my breath, I collapsed beside you, my cock still in you, feeling you flex yourself around my shaft, each little tightening of your muscles sending shivers through my body. After a few minutes, you slid me out of you, and walked into the bathroom, returning after a few minutes to lie by my side. I wrapped my arms around you, and kissed your neck and slowly started to drift off to sleep. Before I fell completely asleep, I pulled up the sheet, and kissed your neck on last time before finally drifting off.