 Tez is in her bedroom, lying down on her bed, wearing a skimpy, spaghetti string nightie. Her lover and friend, Tom is in the shower, washing off a days worth of stress and getting his body clean for the encounter that he is about to have with Tez.

The water shuts of from the shower. Tez sits up from the bed. She is thinking of what is about to happen and she becomes slightly aroused. The nipples of her beautiful breasts are rising and hardening in anticipation. She thinks back and remembers how she loves the way that Tom gently takes her nipples in his mouth and gently surrounds them with his tongue, applying the slight sucking pressure that she loves so much. 

Tom is drying himself off, and his cock is getting aroused at the thought of making love to Tez. The way she attends to his desires can only be matched by the way he feels for her. He smiles slightly at his good fortune for having a relationship with this wonderful woman. A perfect combination of sophisticated lady in public, an attentive mother to her kids, an understanding friend to Tom, and a completely uninhibited lover in bed. His cock twitches again slightly at the mere thought of her.

Tez sees the light go off in the bathroom and she adjusts herself slightly on the edge of the bed. She thinks to herself, “where do I want to start?” knowing that Tom is an attentive lover. He is always willing to do what she wants to make her come again and again. Tez feels the lips of her pussy slip slightly, as her arousal builds. 

The candles in the room give off a comforting glow, outlining her silhouette. A pleasant aroma of fragrance fills the room. Tom slowly walks in and approaches Tez. She throws caution to the wind and pulls her lover Tom closer to her, taking his slightly aroused manhood into her mouth. 

She begins to suck ever so gently, feeling him grow and harden even more in her mouth. Tez feels his hands reaching for her breasts, cupping them gently as he applies a light pressure to her ever-hardening nipples. She releases him from her mouth, and slowly lowers herself onto the bed.

Feeling aggressive, Tez tells Tom that she wants him to make love to her, to make her come. Tom smiles to himself and thinks that there is plenty of time for that. He lowers his head and licks and sucks at her excited breasts. Tez's breath becomes shorter and shallower. She knows what he is going to do, and releases herself to the pleasure as Tom begins trailing kisses from her breasts, down her stomach, to her now slightly parted and moistened pussy lips.

Tez almost jumps out of her skin at the first caressing glance of Toms’ tongue across her swollen clitoris. She closes her eyes and allows the sensation to build as Tom slowly starts to probe her insides. He inserts first one, then two fingers into her, pressing slightly upwards, to locate her tender spot.

Tom circles her swollen clit completely with his tongue, essentially giving Tez a blowjob. The sensation is incredible, and Tez succumbs to the body-consuming climax. 

It shakes her from within, as she thinks to herself how much she loves this man. Her tongue involuntarily escapes from her mouth, and the rasping of her breath makes Tom even more excited. He withdraws from her, and quickly Tez pulls him close, rotating him under her. She quickly inserts his engorged cock into her, filling her in one full stroke. 

She feels the heat emanating from him. Tez closes her eyes as they begin to match a rhythm that will bring them both to orgasm. This is her favorite position. She can control how much or how little of Tom penetrates her with each movement of her body. The pressure of his body pressing against hers heightens her arousal.  

Toms' hands are caressing her breasts again. He tells her how much he loves her, that she is the woman of his dreams and desires. Nobody, he thinks to himself, could make love to him, to make him feel this loved, like she can. Tez closes her eyes again, rhythmically grinding herself onto Tom. 

She knows in her heart that this was the man that was meant to be with her. This is man who she can be herself with. There is no fear of embarrassment or ridicule. He accepts her lust energetically, and gives as much in return. 

Tom's body starts to shake as he begins to thrust himself into her a little harder. Tom pulls Tez closer to him, and begins now tonguing the nape of her neck as he whispers, "I love you Baby". 

With those words, Tez reaches climax, her whole body shaking with release as Tom joins her, pulling her even closer to his body. She presses her lips to his; wanting to taste his soul and forever make him a part of her. "I love you too", she whispers.