 "Come back here," she said. "I've got something to show you."

He flipped the lock on the front door and put the "Back in a Minute" sign up. His heart was racing as he headed toward the back room. 'Something to show me?' he thought.

She wasn't in the hallway when he opened the door to the back room. There was a light coming from under the bathroom door, so he went forward, pulling the door closed behind him..

"What have you got to show me?" he asked with a smile on his face.

Light spilled out as the door opened and she stepped into the hallway.

"This," she said with a smiled and opened her blue shirt, showing him what was, or barely was, underneath.

His breath caught in his throat and the blood rushed to his lower region. She was wearing a white corset complete with white stockings and garters. Her panties were a white thong that left very little to the imagination. Little bows decorated the tops of the garters and her heavy breasts overflowed the underwired cups.

Shaking his head, he reached out and pulled her close. His lips found hers and he kissed her deeply. She returned his kiss and with her hands, reached up to touch his shoulders and the back of his head. Her lips were soft and her breath hot as he pressed his lips to hers. She broke the kiss and stepped backwards, out of his grip.

Smiling at him, she stepped back into the bathroom and spun around. He followed, with a stupid grin on his face and amazement in his eyes. She laughed at the look on his face and moved close to him. Reaching down, he pulled her close and into another kiss. His hands roamed down her body, feeling the silkiness of the corset and the smoothness of her skin underneath. She could feel his hardness pressed up against her belly as she held onto him.

"What if someone comes in," she asked with a sly look on her face.

"Don't worry," he grinned back. "The doors locked and the sign's up."

"So... what's on your mind?" she asked, turning her back to him and dropping her shirt to the floor.

Dropping to his knees, he placed his lips on the top curve of her butt cheeks and started kissing his way up. The feel of her skin beneath his lips and tongue was heavenly. When he reached the top of her corset, he started to undo the little snaps holding it closed. She made tiny little jumps each time another snap came open. Her lovely freckled skin slowly came into view. The curve of her back was beautiful to his eyes. Finally, the last snap was opened. He traced his tongue up her spine and onto her neck. She started to shiver, and not from the cold.

As his tongue traced little circles on her neck, his hands were lowering the shoulder straps down. She groaned as his hands found her breasts and pulled on her nipples. He stepped back and lowered the corset, pulling it slowly from her body.

Before he could react, she reached down and unclipped the garters from her stockings. "Fuck this slow shit!" she snapped. "Come here, lover boy!"

She pushed him roughly against the wall, and grabbed his top pants button. With a tug, the button came loose and she jerked his zipper down. Grabbing the top of his jeans, she pulled straight down, causing his boxers to come off with them. His long, hard cock sprang out like a snake striking.

Smiling up at him, she lowered her mouth and swallowed his stiff shaft down. She moved her head back and forth, sucking hard and then releasing. Her vacuuming ability was incredible! He placed both hands on the back of her head and pulled gently on her hair. She sucked harder. This went on for a few more minutes, then he started to groan. 

"Not yet," he said pulling her mouth off of his prick and then upright. 

Reaching down, he grabbed her thong and jerked it off of her, shredding the material. She gasped and lunged against him. 

He placed his hands on her ass and easily picked her up. She threw her arms up and placed her hands around the back of her neck. He lifted her sopping pussy to his aching cock and slammed up inside of her. 

She threw her head back and moaned loudly, "Oooooooooohhhhhhhhh!" Jerking forward, she then locked her ankles behind the small of his back.

Using her thighs and his arms, they started a rocking motion. The squishing sounds of his pistoning cock driving in and out of her tight cunt filled the room. He was growling and she was moaning loudly. In, out, in, out, up, down, up, down. A hard as steel shaft wrapped in a vise tight slippery velvet sheath. Her juices covered their thighs each time his balls slapped into the crack of her ass.

"Uuuuugggghhhhh..." she moaned. "I'm cumming.....OOOOOOHHHHHH GGOOODD!"

Her body tensed up and her pussy spasmed over his cock. Her tightening set him off and he jerked backwards, pulling her crotch tightly onto his. He could feel his burning jism start up and explode forth into her tight, hot snatch. "Uggggghhhhhh....!" he groaned.

He, deep within her, her, locked around him, their bodies flowing into one another. She trembled with another orgasm and he shook as she drained him completely. They stayed locked together for a few more minutes, each afraid to move and lose the feeling from their passion. 

Finally, she looked into his eyes and said, "I just wanted to show you my outfit and see what happened?"

Looking into her sparkling eyes, he started to laugh. After a second, so did she.