 This series details my recent trip to Thailand, a land so far removed from my native US that it shifted my moral compass as well as my body. I gave in to sin and experienced new sensations. While not accurate to the word, these upcoming chapters nevertheless reflect my experiences, my erotic encounters and my unfulfilled fantasies. Some of the sexual content I would not have indulged in back home. As a straight young man with conventional tastes, I pushed the boundaries simply because I could. So please, be open minded, and remember that so far out of our comfort zones, we all do things we'd consider unorthodox.

***

'Hi there, my name's Megan!'

In front of me bounced a buxom brunette, brightly introducing herself with a big smile and bigger chest. Judging by her accent, she was an Aussie. I introduced myself and she beamed.

'Have you been here long?'

'No,' I responded. 'Just landed today actually.'

'Oh wow! Exciting!'

'Yep, my first time in this part of the world. What about you? Been in Thailand long?'

'I've been here about two weeks. I was in Cambodia before this, and Laos.'

'Oh cool, so quite a long trip.'

'Yeah, about six months overall. I'm heading to Vietnam next and then maybe Borneo.'

I'd just come from the States for a month. I was staying in a hostel in Bangkok, looking for fun, adventure, relaxation, booze... whatever came my way. My trip was due to take me to a few cities in the country but for now I was content to sample Bangkok.

'Yeah, seems a pretty mad place so far, although I've barely seen it yet. It's just so different to the States. Man, that traffic!'

'Yeah, haha, you're so right! Compared to Melbourne, which is where I'm from, just crossing the road was insane. But you get used to it.'

I'd landed a few hours earlier. A taxi from the airport had been dirt cheap and I'd just checked in. Coming up to my 8 person dorm, I saw that 3 of the other beds were taken. I flung my bag on the ground -- I'd unpack later. I took my place on a bottom bunk, kicked off my shoes, and relaxed.

'So what's the best aspect of staying here?'

'Well, the food is insanely good. The culture is just so authentic, you know? Like, people eating on the side of the road, literally no giving a shit. The nightlife here is pretty wild I'll tell you that. We had a so many nights out absolutely wasted... aw, mate, you've never seen a city at night like Bangkok. Everything goes, man, it's wild.'

'I guess it's pretty cheap too, huh?'

'Oh, a beer is less than a dollar in most bars, but obviously you get a lot of deals and stuff. I'm not used to waking up so fucking hungover and seeing my purse is still full!'

I'd dozed on arrival for maybe half an hour or so when the door had opened and in walked this curvaceous Aussie. She was wearing denim cutoffs, flip flops, and a short top which showed her belly and breasts. From her pierced belly button and stories of wild nights I could tell she was a fun traveler. She might see a few temples when she was here and go on an elephant ride, but Megan was the classic hosteler who'll just drink and fuck her way through half a year of 'travelling'.

'I'm just heading out for some food, you wanna join?'

'Oh, that's kind, but I've just eaten actually. I'm gonna nap now and try and beat this jetlag. Another time though for sure.'

'OK, cool. Well I'll be hitting the bar later for drinks if you're awake then.'

'Yeah I will be, definitely!'

With a broad smile she bounced out of the room and left me alone again. Her ass was round and ripe. Mmm. I fantasized about bending her over in just a thong and drifted off...

At some point I woke up. It was now dark, so I estimated I'd been out for a couple hours. I didn't open my eyes just yet, content to wake up naturally. I heard some movement though, so lifted one eyelid just a tad. In front of me was Megan. She'd taken her top off, and her shorts. I realized with a slight start that this buxom, curvy Aussie was standing in nothing more than a thong. She will have known I was there, but just not registered that I was now awake. I stayed still, and observed.

Her ass was big and round, every bit as enviable as I'd imagined. I so wanted to grab a handful, spank her and fuck her from behind. Her thighs were thick and muscular and sexy. She had a few small tattoos, the sign of a fun loving girl. She bent over, right over, and picked up a bra. When she put it on she turned to the side, briefly exposing her giant boobs for me. Her nipples were small and dark and delicious. Her tits were way bigger than I'd imagined.

When she turned around I closed my eyes and pretended to be asleep. I judged her to have climbed up to her bed and I waited about five minutes. Then I got up myself. She was slightly hidden from view on the ground, but I'd no doubt in my mind that she was looking down at me.

I thought to myself, let's have a little fun. I stood up, feigning ignorance at her presence. I took off my t shirt, shorts and, feeling bold, my underwear. I knew she was looking. Briefly my ass was exposed and I got a thrill doing so. I walked into the bathroom and showered. She hadn't said anything... I hadn't heard her turn over... Maybe she was interested?

***

'Man, you sleep with a woman there and you have like 24 hours to get the hell out! I'm not even joking! Those guys are so fucking strict and religious that you fuck a local and they WILL come after you.' The group groaned in mock horror at the terrible state of affairs in that country.

I was in the hostel bar. Chatting to a group of Western men from the US, Britain, Ireland, Australia and Canada we were swapping stories. As it was new to me, I was mostly just listening.

'When I was in Vietnam a mate o' mine got chatting to some local woman at a bar,' piped up one of the Irishmen. 'He got chatting and she was obviously up for it, so they went back home together. She was a little bit older but he was drunk and horny and it was dark. Anyway, chicks round here barely age so no big deal right? Wrong! He woke up the next morning and in the harsh light of day realized this woman was like fifty something, no word of a lie. He slips downstairs and sees a fucking kid! To cut a long story short, he'd gone home with a grandma! A fucking grandma, like! She was looking after her grandson and the whole family were around.'

The story went on for a while and the guys were all engrossed. But I stopped listening at this point because I'd seen the other side of the bar the entrance of Megan. She was there in the same denim cutoffs, but a nice top and a push up bra. Not that she needed it, man she was well endowed, but it just put things to the next level. She was also nicely met up and looking stunning. I could see all the guys, and some girls too, checking her out.

I walked over.

'Hey there!'

'Hey Megan, how's it going?'

'Good, you? Having fun?'

'Yeah, not bad. You coming on the bar crawl?'

'Probably not, but I'll join the pre drinks. Are you?'

'Sure, first night in Bangkok, why not I guess.'

'Good, shall we get a drink?'

We headed over to the bar. I ordered us a couple of beers. We chatted and I noticed she was being quite flirtatious... touching me, eye contact, giggles, that kinda thing. I decided then I'd try and seduce her.

'OK you motherfuckers!!!' shouted some idiot of a hostel employee who was running the bar crawl. They always employ a jackass to do these things. 'Time for body shots!' he shouted. The bar cheered. I'm not surprised, it was a chance to licked a woman's body and when you were as dirty and unhealthy as these travelers that'd be a nice advantage.

It wasn't to be quite that easy, though. To spare the women, the bar crawl organizer got men to do other men. It was pretty funny watching these sweaty guys have to lick salt and lime off each other when they thought they were gonna be doing it off chicks.

At some point, though, the women did join in. Megan asked me if I wanted to do one off her. Did I?! I jumped at the opportunity. She lay down on one of the bar benches and lifted her top. Putting salt and lime on her sexy stomach, I downed a shot then slowly licked them off. God she tasted good. There was a definite tension in the air after and we smiled at each other before someone came up and joined us.

The rest of the night got more and more drunk. By the time we left I was wasted, and in no fit state to fuck even if I did get lucky. Megan said goodnight at some point and I hoped she was staying another couple nights. I stumbled back to my room at 3 am, having forgotten about Megan.

***

I got up and took a large swig of water. I stood up in my boxers and organized my stuff. I didn't feel great, but I wasn't too hungover. 

'Morning!' I looked around and saw Megan. 

'Morning, how's it going,' I responded. We were alone. She got up and put a T shirt on as I stood around in my boxers. I could see her giant breasts were out of a bra, and her nipples were pressed into the material. Her t shirt only came to her belly button, so the flare of her hips was visible. She was wearing a thong... her muscular thighs were in the open. She walked to the bathroom and I followed lace panty covered (barely covered) ass sway. Oh god, she was so almost naked in front of me! 

'So, last night was fun huh?' she said as she returned into the room.

'Yeah, man, my head kills!'

'Oh, well you drank so much... like you looked proper fucked by the end, mate!'

'I was man I was. Shit's just so cheap here I felt like I had to. Last I saw of you, you weren't looking so sober yourself!'

'Yeah haha I did get a little tipsy I'll admit. Did you see that guy from Canada though, the really tall one? He was puking by midnight. Surprisingly low tolerance for such a big guy.'

'Yeah. Well. I do remember those body shots!' I teased.

'My pleasure,' she chuckled. I guess she knew it was my pleasure.

'I might go get a massage or something. My head is splitting.'

'Aw is it that bad?'

'Yep, really fucking kills man.'

'Here, let me put some pressure on your neck. I know a great move, I can get the exact points and it'll ease up the head for you, champ.'

She stood behind me and squeezed a couple of pressure points in my neck.

'Oh god, already that's helping. Ahh! I feel lightheaded man!'

'Ha, that's just the reaction I was after. Just stay with it and you'll feel a ton of difference.'

We stood in silence while she squeezed me. I was still in my boxers, her in her panties and t shirt.

'OK, turn round.' I did as she instructed and she started doing the same thing but from the front.

'You really know your stuff.'

'Yeah I do a lot of sport back home and had a period of neck trouble. So the sports massage guy at my gym gave a look and showed me how just a couple of simple points can alleviate so much pressure.'

'Yeah, no kidding, you'll have to show me properly when I'm in a more fit state.'

Silence. I realised suddenly that we were in a fairly intimate position. I looked up and caught her eyes. I averted my gaze just as she smiled. She slowed her hand movements down. I looked up again. Our eyes locked and at that point I knew it was on.

Our faces moved in, silently, and our lips met. We kissed softly, our tongues finding each other and dancing an erotic dance together. She tasted of toothpaste but with the faint aroma of alcohol lingering. Then, suddenly, we hungrily started to devour each other. Passionately, sexually we kissed, the sound of our wet mouths slopping together the only thing heard above the whir of the aircon.

I put my hands round the back of her and finally got to feel that thick ass. I squeezed hard and her mouth closed around my tongue, showing her appreciation. I pulled her in, her arms going around her neck and those giant tits squeezing into my chest. Her nipples were rock solid, unlike the plump softness of her tits in general.

The lace of her underwear was sexy, but not nearly as sexy as the actual ass. I reached under them and felt her crack, running my fingers all over her vast backside.

We broke our kiss and looked lustily into each other's eyes. We both knew it was going down.

I pushed her onto my bunk. She lay on her back and opened her legs. Assuming my position between them I dove back into her mouth. I felt her strong thighs, her soft stomach and then her big boobs. They were amazing!

'Take your top off, I need to see those huge tits.'

'Mmm, I thought you liked them! Most men do.'

She whipped the t shirt off and her vast mammaries stared up at me. I dived straight in, squeezing and sucking and biting. She purred loudly at that, so I made a mental note that this girl liked it rough. Simultaneously, I noticed her nails digging into my flesh.

Pushing her legs apart, I got between them and went down. I kissed her thighs. They were thick and muscular and really hot. I kissed up and around the lace. I could smell her delicious aroma, and feel the heat coming out. She was horny no doubt. 

I reached to her waist and pulled them down. One of the most erotic sites know to man is a woman whose panties have just been removed. They lie there so exposed, horny and lustful, yet slightly bashful at having shown themselves in such an intimate and vulnerable fashion.

My head went straight back down and I heard Megan gasp as I hungrily licked her pussy. My tongue went up and down the lips, all around the smooth, shaved skin, then licked the swollen click with reckless abandon.

'Oh fuck, it's been so long since someone did this! Lick that pussy baby, lick that sweet Aussie pussy!' Australians have filthy mouths.

'That's it baby, fuck, I'm gonna cum!' she announced. I was pleased with myself. It had only been a couple of minutes. She must have been really horny. So I doubled my speed, adding a finger to her soaking hole and thrashing her clit with my tongue. With my spare hand I pinched her nipples. Then, before I could register what was happening, my face was soaking wet. She'd cum hard!

'Fuck that was good, man!'

'Glad to be of service.'

'Now, you wanna fuck my wet little pussy or what?'

It sound good. I positioned myself to enter her. I pushed my hard cock all the way into her now soaking slit. It felt incredible. She clearly felt the same way, judging by the loud cry.

I looked at the scene in front of me. Her thick legs were raised up, her feet by my head. Her giant breasts were heaving up and down, and I grabbed them every so often. The nipples were obviously sensitive, and so hard by now. Her stomach was muscular yet curvy at the same time, if you can picture that. My penis was going all the way into her, then almost all the way out, resulting in a beautiful sensation for both of us.

'Babe, you're gonna finish me again! Oh fuck!!' I could feel her tighten on my cock and she wailed unbelievably loudly. How no one could hear us I'll never guess. As her orgasm subsided I slowed a little, not wanting to finish myself too soon. I was enjoying this voluptuous little Aussie slut.

'Turn around!' I ordered. She did, pushing her big round ass up for me I pumped her for a good ten minutes, praying to God no one came in. She was making quite a racket, moaning in a high pitched, feminine way, but aggressively. Every so often she'd bark instructions like 'fuck me harder baby!' or talk dirty, things like 'you enjoy my tight pussy don't you?'. 

'Put your hands behind you!' I ordered. She did and I grabbed her wrists. Pulling her arms back, I was restraining her.

'Yeah baby, dominate me! Make me your slut!' I spanked her and pushed down on her back, ensuring she was completely submissive. We both seemed to enjoy this rough, power related fucking. In the heat of the day we were sweating buckets. I was literally dripping as I pounded her.

'Megan, I'm gonna cum!'

'Cum for me then baby!'

'Where?'

'I'm on the pill and I'm clean.'

'So am I, but I wanna come on you.' It was an extra precaution of course, but I was wanting to dominate this sexy, curvy Aussie in one last way. So I slipped out just in time and sprayed all over her big round ass. I couldn't believe how much there was!

***

That evening I was sat in the hostel bar. Megan and I had gone our separate ways for dinner. It was a little boring, talking to some guys from Germany who were frankly dull. I was making up for it by drinking a lot. They all went out on the bar crawl but I wasn't in the mood. I thought I'd stay, have another couple beers, enjoy the silence, then hit the hay early. After all, last night had been late and my day had been tiring.

The bar was on a rooftop. It overlooked central Bangkok and was quite a view, especially all lit up at night. There was also a small hot tub, although it was filled with cold water as that's what Western travelers preferred in the humid climate.

'You know earlier I came twice.'

'Yeah, I remember.'

'Well, you only came once.' There was a pause. 'I guess I owe you one.' I liked the sound of it.

'Why not remedy that?'

'I think we should. It's only fair,' she added playfully.

'What do you say we go downstairs and see if there room's empty?'

'It's not, I checked.'

'Oh, that's a shame. What should we do then?'

'I was thinking... why not take advantage of this empty pool?' she said mischievously. God this girl was kinky! 

'What are you thinking exactly?'

She said nothing, but dropped to her knees. I watched as my shorts and underwear were pulled down and she engulfed my cock in her mouth. Fuck, was she a good cocksucker. Even when hard the whole thing disappeared down her throat. Her tongue sloppily lashed every inch. Her lips were tight as her head bobbed up and down. She went fast then slow. All the while her hands deftly massaged my balls.

Surveying the scene in front of me, I realized how incredible this was. I was the other side of the world, on the 7th story of a building, overlooking a brightly lit metropolis as a hot Aussie girl sucked my cock expertly. I was in paradise!

'Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum!'

'Hold on to the side.' I shuffled to the edge and held onto the railings. I was overlooking the entire city. She moved her mouth to my balls and sucked them while her hands moved to my cock and she pumped. I realized what she was aiming for... for me to cum over the edge!

I let go when I couldn't hold on any more. Looking out at the city, and with this gorgeous girl pumping and licking me, I saw the jets of cum shoot out over my cock and over the edge of the 7 story building. I cried out in pleasure, the insanely naughty scene giving me an incredible orgasm.

After that we sat in the pool and kissed passionately for ten minutes. I fingered her in there to orgasm. I mentally noted that she owed me again, as we made our way down to bed.

***

I woke up the next day and it was hot. The air con was switched off during the day, and a check of my phone revealed it to be 11. I wasn't sure who in our 6 person room was still there, but a cursory scan of the bunk next to me revealed two empty spaces. I was in my boxers and was sweating. I could hear the noise of the infernal city outside. Bangkok never shuts up, and the horns of the motorbikes were the audio accompaniment to the physical sensation of oppressive humidity.

I could see from the lump in bed that she was in it and asleep. I got up and walked to the bathroom in my boxers. I noticed when I walked past and saw the thin sheet pulled down slightly that Megan was not wearing much, if anything. Her bare back demonstrated her toplessness certainly, but what was she wearing on the bottom half? Was that tight pussy and big round ass totally uncovered under the sheet? I considered whipping it off on the way back.

As it turns out, there was no need. I'd evidently woken her with my movements. She was looking up at me with a wicked grin. She'd pushed down the sheet so an inch of her ass was on display, and all of her back. Propped up on her elbows, her massive breasts oozed between, the nipples tantalizingly hidden. 
