 Welcome back. In the first chapter of the series, I described hooking up with a young woman in my hostel. She'd moved on, and I had a couple of days still in Bangkok, enjoying what might come my way. While she was my first non-American, and I discovered a latent flair for public sex and the danger associated, I was still pretty much on the same sexual plane as ever. In this chapter, things got a little unexpected. I hope you enjoy.

*****

I hadn't had the greatest night's sleep in the hostel bed. Coupled with the plane ride, I was feeling a little tense. Luckily, massage places here were a dime a dozen. If you spent ten or twenty bucks you could have an hour of some little Thai lady walking across your spine. Not for the faint hearted but I'd had a couple Thai massages back Stateside and they left me feeling great. So, when in Rome, right?

Now, I knew that there was a certain reputation to some of these massage parlors. The happy endings, their being basically a brothel, all that jazz. However, I made sure I had a legit establishment. As much as I love sex (which guy doesn't, right?) I still felt uncomfortable about this kinda thing. After all, it was essentially prostitution.

So I did a Google search and found a highly rated, reputable place with plenty of women leaving reviews. Professional standards and all that. This place was nearby, so I got dressed and headed straight out.

I entered a small, empty shop. It was decked out in 'traditional' style, with the cool air con making it already a more convivial environment. There were scented candles, Thai music... all that kinda stuff. You get the picture. A cute little Thai chick was stood behind the counter. She smiled at me. I returned the gesture. When I'd reached the desk, she'd opened a little menu of sorts, with the prices and types of massage. Boy, this was real cheap. I opted for one that was a deep tissue, standard Thai massage, sixty minutes.

'OK,' she smiled. 'You take a seat,' she offered, gesturing to the comfy looking chairs in the reception area. No sooner had my ass hit the cushion another woman, dressed in the same Thai costume with loose fitting skirt, kneeled down and gave me some house flip flops, taking my own and storing them away. Another popped up and put some tea in my hand. This bunch were all smiles. Good customer service, huh. Well, they lived off tips I reckoned.

In a couple of moments my masseuse came out, said hello and gestured for me to follow her. She led me to through to the massage room, down a very dark corridor and into a candlelit room. She was a little older, probably mid-forties, when most of them were young, in their 20s. I wasn't there for anything other than a professional massage so it wasn't a concern what she looked like. Having said that, she was quite attractive. She had shortish hair, a pretty face and a nice body. Being a little older and presumably a mother her body was a little rounder and plumper, which was nice, because the women here are so thin. She remained small but with a bit of an ass on her, I thought, as I walked behind.

'You undress and put these on,' she stated quietly when we were in the room. She smiled warmly and left the room for a minute to allow me to get ready.

When she walked out I undressed. I put on the unisex, white boxers that were on the bed. They were designed to house the most corpulent middle aged patron so there was plenty of room. Despite their loose fitting nature, they were actually incredibly short. I assumed it was because the masseuse had to access as much skin as possible. This garment was really just about providing the illusion of modesty.

I stripped and put it on. My stuff went under the table as I went on, lying with my face in the hole. After half a minute I heard my masseuse enter. She put the towel on me, adjusted my position and then, I guessed from the sounds, applied oil to her palms.

I felt them on my back. The hands were warm, soft and slick. It was instantly relaxing as they went up and down my back, de-stressing the muscles and caressing the neck. She went up and down a few times, then did the same to my legs. She was just warming me up and preparing my body for the more intense incisions into the flesh that were to follow.

Now, your glutes are big muscles. They also sit at the top of your legs, which you obviously use a lot, especially if you're out and about and travelling. So naturally a massage will include them. There's nothing sexual about it when a professional does it properly, and properly kneads your ass. The application of immense pressure is not particularly arousing. Generally speaking, I found it Thailand then would lower your underwear and / or towel so they could reach the top of your glutes. The bottom of them would be done when they do your legs and the middle would be done over the underwear / towel so as not to expose your, ahem, crack.

This time, however, I got a little shock.

After the warm up of my muscles, the lady pulled down my towel to the bottom of my legs. OK, nothing unusual here. Now she would pull the waistband down a few inches, or so I thought. Instead, she put her fingers in the band, and whipped them clean off my ass. And not just down to the bottom of my buttocks. I mean she stripped me. My underwear was down at my ankles with the towel and I was effectively lying completely exposed to her. My ass was in full view of this woman.

Well, I was a little shocked. But once I got used to it, I have to say I was kinda turned on. It didn't feel quite proper. This was a venue to have your nearly naked body rubbed in oil by a woman, sure, but they are always careful to keep your modesty preserved. Suddenly my bare cheeks were being stared at by this random chick. Hell, it was turning me on! I realized that I was starting to grow hard. Her hands were on my ass constantly as she continued the rub, feeling and fondling me. I wondered if she was doing this on purpose. I'm no male model, but compared to the fat guys, the old people and the women she was touching, a young, fit guy must have been a rarity.

'Is this good, sir?'

'Mmm! Yes!' I mumbled through the hole in the bed.

Well, the massage continued for a while. Soon my erection subsided and I settled into the relaxation. I did notice that when she moved to my legs and back she still kept the boxers on my ankles. Every so often she was return to the ass for a quick squeeze. She even went slightly inside my crack.

Half an hour later, I felt her lift my boxers back up. As she did so, though, her fingers moved right between my cheeks and her pinkie brushed my puckered asshole.

'Turn around, please, sir,' she whispered. I did as she asked and lay on my back as the towel was placed over my body. She put a face mask on my- well... my face. I was blind in effect. I could hear her walking around, putting more oil on her palms, rubbing them together, and generally getting ready.

I felt the towel lowered to my waist. She rubbed my torso, taking care of the neck from this new position. Then she covered my torso and lifted the towel off my legs. Her hands lifted the underwear up so she could access all of my leg. She surprised me, again, by going up so far that she grazed my balls. She did the same to the other leg and again grazed my balls. I felt them tingle with excitement. Where is this going? I wondered.

Her hand gripped my ankle and slowly snaked its way up my leg. Her strong fingers gripped my thigh as it reached the top. Then, to my delight, I felt a finger stroke my testicle. Oh god it felt good! It wasn't just the sensation, which was pleasant of course, but it was the basic fact that she was doing it. It was such a thrill.

She went up and down my right leg, every time she brushed by balls. Then after a good five minutes of this, my penis getting a little stiff in the process, she lifted my right knee out to the side. This allowed her to reach my inner thigh better. I was effectively blind, but I would have been willing to bet that in this new position my right testicle was on display. This was getting fun... and I was really starting to suspect that the masseuse was doing it on purpose to stare at my parts. Well, she could have a ball, so to speak, I didn't mind.

Her hands now moved about my upper thigh slowly and sensually. I was getting hard and was sweating it trying to stay flaccid. Well, her fingers went right into the joint between leg and torso and her finger was practically resting on my junk. What would this be like on the other side, where my cock was resting?!

Slowly her warm fingers were circling my intimate area, and I took every opportunity to open my leg a little more, exposing myself inch by inch to her. If she was doing this on purpose, getting a look at a young guy's package for a turn on, then I was certainly giving her a show.

Then, she finished with that leg. A shame, but it meant that she was surely going to the other side. Indeed, she adjusted the towel and moved round to the other side. The underwear was lifted up and I wondered if my cock was showing. I couldn't believe it wouldn't be as it was so loose and pulled up so much.

Well, she was starting on my left leg now. Here we go, I thought, the moment of truth. I fingers went onto my skin and slowly, very slowly, worked their way up to the top of the leg. Over the knee, up the thighs... Then she brushed my balls like she had on the other side. Time seemed to be going so slowly. And I felt it. Her hand made full contact with the side of my dick. Her pinkie actually went over my little head. It felt even better than the ball rub!

Her hand went down and she repeated the process a few times. I wasn't hard but I could feel myself stiffening a little. Much more of this and it would get erect.

The masseuse then bent the knee and pushed the leg out. I was sure, since I could feel the material on my cock, that at least half my bits were out of the underwear and staring the woman in the face. Well, she must have been enjoying it.

I realised my heart was beating and I was getting excited. My cock was starting to swell. She was all over my legs, brushing against my cock and balls. I knew most of me was now exposed, peeking out of the underwear.

Then, an hour was up.

I couldn't believe it was over. I was slightly disappointed, but I hadn't come in expecting anything, and it was such a thrill. I knew I would have to go to my room and jerk off immediately. Although, I though, there was time for one last bit of fun.

She got me to climb off the table. I asked her if I should change and she nodded and smiled. She didn't move out of the room immediately though, rather went slowly. Before she had reached the door I whipped off the shorts as if innocently getting changed. Out of the corner of my eye I could see her looking straight at my semi erect cock, in full view for the first time.

As I left, my elder masseuse was by the door. I tipped generously and she thanked me, looking me straight in the eye with a twinkle in hers. She had enjoyed herself a lot, I was sure of it.

I rushed back to my hostel and went into a shower. It was a series of cubicles separated by a smallish partition. Although they were private, they were by no means fully isolated. I could hear a couple of others in the surrounding cubicles and it gave me a thrill to beat off. Was I becoming an exhibitionist? I came buckets thinking about that older Thai masseuse fiddling with my junk. Was she giving herself relief right now? As I tried to bring my unbelievable sexual desire under control, I vowed to go back. I wanted to see if she really was perving on me. This time, though I would allow my erection to pop up, I'd allow my hard cock to sway in front of her... I'd put the ball in her court and see what happened.

So the next afternoon I went back. I was already horny in anticipation. Walking into the now familiar setting, I took off my sunglasses, adjusted to the darkness and looked around. I saw the same masseuse as yesterday, slightly sticking out as she did amongst the row of younger looking employees. I smiled and she rose, smiling back, somewhat cheekily I thought, and approached me.

'Hello sir. You want another? Same as yesterday?'

'Yes please.' We went down the same corridor and into the room we were in previously. It was a rush to remember the familiar feelings.

'You change now.'

'Do you want me to just go naked this time? Might be easier?'

'OK, yes, you can.'

I looked her in the eye and she didn't make a move. I undressed. There was a spark in the room, an atmosphere, as she stood there in front of me in the darkness and I stripped. I paused as I got down to my boxers. Then I pushed them down and stood before her completely naked.

Climbing onto the bed, I lay down, exposed, like last time. However, this time there wasn't even the pretense of a covering.

She went about the same routine but it was all somehow a little different. It was just a sensation. We all knew the score. She was getting a thrill out of seeing and touching my naked body, my ass, my cock... I was getting a thrill out of exposing myself to a random woman and having her touch my most erogenous zones.

She started up my legs, taking time on my back, covering my neck. But we both knew what we wanted, and we wanted the same thing. After five or ten minutes of perfunctory covering of these areas, she indulged in some as play. Plenty of oil went over and she slid all across those firm, slick buttocks. She was soft and firm in equal measure. She squeezed, she fondled, she played quite a bit.

More oil was going on, and soon enough her slippery fingers started to make their way into my crack. Now I'm not so into butt stuff, but she had relaxed me so much, and it all felt so good, so I let her get on with what she was doing.

Incidentally, I realized that my legs were spread slightly apart and I was now semi hard. Probably three quarters. My cock must have been poking out from beneath me and she could definitely see it. Then, she confirmed my suspicions. Her hands worked their way sensuously down the inside of my legs and brushed my penis. The feeling was amazing. For several minutes she went from my inner thigh, over my cock, across my balls and up into the crack of my ass. She'd work her way over the top of my buttocks and start again. By now, as you can imagine, my cock was pulsating. This went on for a good ten minutes but truth be told I was lost in time, enjoying the sensations and giving myself over to pleasure.

Her fingers went in more and more, gradually they worked their way to my puckered hole. When they made contact I did start slightly, but her fingers were so soft, so warm, and so oily I soon relaxed. She took that as a sign and I felt her index finger slip in.

Oh my god! I never knew it would feel this good. She was working my hole and giving me the most amazing feeling of pleasure. She eased her digit in, but quite soon she was properly fingering me. There was no pain due to the slender nature of her finger and the copious buckets of oil that had been lathered onto my bare bottom.

Then, her other hand reached to the head of my pulsating cock. This was the first time she had openly massaged it. Until now, it had just been the thrilling sensation of her 'accidentally' brushing me. Now, her oiled fingers were slowly rubbing circles on my cockhead as her other hand steadily fingered my asshole.

'You turn over now,' she whispered. I did as she asked. This time, however, there was no doubt as to what she could see. She was looking at my fully erect member. I was throbbing, and my cock was lifting itself off of my stomach, that's how turned on I was.

Again, she made some pretense to massage my legs and chest. But after a few minutes she went back to the thighs. Her circling hands went nearer and nearer. Again she was brushing my bits. The tingling feeling came back as her fingers made contact with my balls. Then she put her palms full on them. She used both hands to lightly squeeze, playing with them and giving me the warmest, most satisfying and also sexually arousing sensation I'd felt in a long time. Her expert hands were just the right level of firm to feel fantastic without being too much.

Then she freed up one of her hands to grip my penis. Finally, I was in her soft, fleshy palm. The oily fingers slid up and down with barely any effort. I was in ecstasy at this point. Up and down my cock with one hand, the other still fondling my balls. I could smell the scent of the candles, the room was still dark, and in front of my stood a gorgeous older Thai woman massaging me to orgasm.

I reached over and put my hand on her legs. The flesh was soft and warm. She was slim but there was still plenty on the thigh. Slipping between the slit in her skirt, I worked my way up to her ass. It was still firm, although not the same as a young woman. Somehow, that turned me on. She was clearly wearing a thong, so I had a big fistful of ass to play with.

I lay my head down on the pillow and enjoyed the sensations. I knew I wouldn't last long. I knew I would last even less long when I felt the familiar sensation of a chick's mouth going over my cock. Oh my god, could she suck cock. Her hand was still jerking me, her other on my balls, but her lips were tight around my head and the foreskin was being pushed up and down. She then went really deep and I could feel my penis disappear down her throat.

I had the unmistakable feeling of pressure building. It was building fast. I could tell this was one I couldn't hold onto. My hand squeezed her ass as my cock exploded in her mouth. She didn't splutter, but she swallowed down the endless spurts greedily. I guess she liked the taste. The orgasm went on for ages, but subsided eventually. My cock slipped out of her mouth and I lay with my eyes closed, panting heavily, enjoying the post coital ecstasy.

The masseuse exited and I was content to lie there. She came back and rubbed me down with hot towels, cleaning up where I had spilled out of her mouth. She then generously finished the massage, taking good care of me as I drifted off to sleep...

The tip this time was even bigger. I would certainly be back.

***

Well, I felt pretty good after, needless to say. Relaxed in every way. I hadn't planned on returning. Then again, I hadn't planned on it all in the first place. I'd had fun with Megan and fun with this masseuse. That was fine for me for Bangkok, I'm not a greedy man. Well, a couple days later I found myself about to leave the capital. I was heading to Chang Mai in the morning and taking the final day to relax and have some time alone. I was a little bored of the hostel scene, so thought I'd take the night to myself. As I sat eating my noodles in a street food cafe, I thought of how to spend my time. Well, the massage parlor popped into my head. It had been fun. I reckoned the masseuse would probably not be the same again, but I'd at least have a relaxing massage. So I paid up and headed back.

When I entered the now familiar parlor I asked for the same as before, and went through the same routine. My heart jumped a little as I saw my masseuse pop through the curtains. She smiled politely as if we hadn't met before, and took my hand, leading me through to the back before any of her colleagues could snap me up.

We held hands until we reached the room. When in, we didn't say anything, just stood looking at each other in the darkness. I slipped off my t shirt and shorts. She stayed where she was. I put my hand in my waistband and pushed my boxers down. My semi hard cock popped up. I stood completely naked, hardening quickly, as the older Thai woman stared at my junk. 

Leaning in, I kissed her small, delicate mouth. Her kisses were so much softer than American girls, her little tongue probing gently. I put my hands behind and squeezed that plump ass. We shared this erotic moment for a few minutes before breaking away, her lusty smile signalling she was up for more than just massaging.
