 I'm an unusual person in that I grew up in an orphanage. It was a Catholic institution run by a bunch of Nuns. It wasn't a terrible way to grow up but I'm pretty sure I missed out on a lot of things. I lived there until just a few months ago because I was never adopted. I left because I turned 18 and I have gone off to college. Because I was in a Catholic orphanage my schooling was done at Catholic schools at which I excelled in all of my classes. I graduated from my High School as the valedictorian.

Because of my high academic achievements and my lack of money I was able to secure scholarships and grants to several of the Universities that I had applied for, basically earning full rides. I opted to go to a mid sized University in Chicago because it had a highly regarded International studies program. Despite never leaving the state in which the orphanage was located I had a very international upbringing because the Nuns were from countries around the world. I, also, have a knack for learning different languages as I speak French, Italian, Hindi and Mandarin, again all thanks to the Nuns who raised me!

Because I'm a freshman I have a number of required courses I have to take before I can delve into the serious courses of my major. When I was deciding what electives to choose I opted for a literature class as one of them. One of the Nuns had told me that she took a lit class every term despite being a chemistry major. Her rationale was that it gave her an excuse to read enjoyable books in addition to her textbooks. Since I love to read I thought that this was a great idea, so I enrolled in a lit class that focused on writers of the European continent.

On the first day of my lit class I ended up sitting next to a real cute blond girl. As she took her seat she managed to drop several books and a notebook. I bent over to help her recover her items and then handed them to her. She smiled, thanked me and then thrust out her right hand and introduced herself as Jane Robinson. I stood, took her hand and told her my name was Tony Smith. I sat back down thinking to myself that Jane was very lovely. She had mid length blond hair, dazzling blue eyes, an enchanting smile and the softest hands I had ever felt. I was, in a word, enamored!

Since the lit class was two hours long we got a ten-minute break in the middle. During the break Jane turned to me and asked, "So, are you a lit major too?"

I replied, "No, I'm an International Studies student. I'm taking this course towards my required humanities electives." I proceeded to tell Jane about the Nuns theory about taking lit classes and that I thought it was a good idea. I then asked Jane, "Are you a lit major?" She replied that she was and was really looking forward to this class.

At about this time the other students returned to the classroom for the remainder of the class. When class got out I asked Jane if she would like to get a cup of coffee at the Union and she agreed. We walked together and talked. I discovered that she didn't live in the dorms but lived at home a few miles north in the village of Winnetka.

As we walked and stood in line for our coffee I couldn't help but notice Jane's body. She seemed to have a rather large chest and a largish ass. She wasn't fat but she wasn't skinny either. The overall effect on me was very pleasing. Additionally she was very bright and had a lovely laugh.

As the weeks progressed we became great friends and we spent every hour after lit class together from then on. As the term progressed Jane asked what I would be doing for Thanksgiving. I told her that I would stay in the dorms and go to the dining hall as usual. She said, "Well, that won't do! I'll check with my parents and see if you can stay with us for the long weekend."

I replied, "That would be nice but I don't want to be a problem."

Jane stated, "It won't be a problem. We have plenty of room and as long as I give my parents enough time to plan for the meal it should be OK."

True to her word Jane told her parents about inviting me for the weekend and they agreed that it would be nice to have someone new to dinner. So on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving and after our last classes I rode to Winnetka with Jane to her families home. As we drove through the village I couldn't believe the size of some of the houses. Many of them were larger than the orphanage I grew up in! Finally, we turned into the driveway of one of the biggest houses I had seen.

"Well, here we are! Home sweet home!" Jane declared. I stared in disbelief, as the place was palatial! We grabbed my luggage and headed for a side door. As we entered Jane's mother greeted us with a hug for Jane and an introductory handshake for me.

"Welcome Tony. We are so happy you could be with us for Thanksgiving. My name is Bettina. Please make yourself at home while you are here!" I thanked her for her hospitality and handed her a bottle of wine that I had asked an older student in my dorm to get for me, as a thank you gift. Bettina beamed while looking at the label and thanked me for such a lovely gift.

Bettina then told Jane that she should take me to the "coral room". We grabbed our belongings and headed upstairs to our rooms. We passed Jane's room first so she dropped off her stuff. I smiled as I looked into her room. It reflected Jane's personality perfectly. Instead of posters of bands and movies she had prints of classic art that were tastefully framed. She also had a huge bookshelf crammed with books. I said, "That's quite a collection of books you have there!" She then told me that it contained every book she had ever received as a gift or purchased.

We then went a bit further down the hall to the "coral room", so called because of the color of the walls. The room was tastefully done with a nice large dresser, a couple of easy chairs and the largest bed I had ever seen. Jane asked, "Will this be okay?"

I replied, "It's more than okay! I've never stayed in a room this large or a bed this big in my life! I think I'll be able to make the adjustment!" Jane laughed then told me to stow my gear and then meet her downstairs.

I did as I was told, though I didn't have that much, and then headed back downstairs in search of Jane. When I found her she took me on a tour of the house. We went into the cellar where there was a wine room, a sauna and a home gym with weights, a treadmill and a stationary bike. Back up to the main floor there was the kitchen dining room, living room, study and recreation room with a giant TV, a bar and a pool table. We then headed upstairs where Jane pointed out the various bedrooms (there were five) and several bathrooms.

Jane and I returned downstairs where we found her mother in the living room sitting on the sofa. Jane joined her mother on the sofa and I sat in a chair across from them and watched them talk. I was struck by how different they looked. Jane had a light complexion while her mother was dark with dark hair. Jane was more full figured while her mother was quite slim. They did share one thing though; they both had bright blue eyes that looked very alive.

Bettina asked me if I would like something to drink but I told her no thanks, I was fine. At about that time Jane's father got home. Jane squealed and ran into her father's arms and gave him a big hug and kiss on the cheek. I could now see whom Jane took after. Her father had a light complexion and blond hair with grey eyes. After their hug Jane's father walked towards me with his hand out in greeting. I stood and took his hand as he said, "Tony, welcome to our home. We've heard a lot about you and look forward to spending the holiday together. My name is Stan." We shook hands and I, again, thanked he and his wife for being so generous for allowing me to spend the holiday with them.

After the introductions were done Stan walked over to his wife, gave her a hug and kissed her. They then turned towards Jane and I and said that we were going out to dinner. During dinner I learned that Stan was the CEO of an agricultural company and that Bettina was the head of the hematology department at the local hospital. They asked about me and empathized about my youth in an orphanage. I told them that it wasn't bad, that the Nuns were very kind and took good care of us all. They then asked what I hoped to do in the future and I told them about my dream to work in international relations in some form.

When we returned to the house after dinner Jane's parents said their goodnights and headed off to bed. Jane and I went into the living room and talked for a while. I told her, "Your parents are very nice. I really like them."

Jane replied, "They like you too. I never dated that much while in high school and the few boys I brought home either one or the other of my parents wouldn't like them. It's nice to know they like you!" This statement caused me to blush a bit. Jane took my hand and said, "There's nothing to be embarrassed about."

I replied, "I know. It's just that this sort of stuff is all new to me. I have never even had a date before, unless you count the times we went to coffee after lit. I've never had a girlfriend. Those are the types of things you miss out on as an orphan. No parents to hug and kiss you and tuck you into bed. I like seeing that with you and your parents...it's all so normal and happy."

Jane leaned over with tears in her eyes and gave me a bone-crushing hug and told me, "You will have those things someday. Someone will love you and care for you. It may not be a parent but you will find the love and happiness that you crave." She then turned her head and kissed me on the lips briefly. She then got up and said, "I'm going to bed. I have an early start in the morning to get Thanksgiving dinner ready. Sweet dreams! Help your self to anything you need." And with that Jane headed upstairs to her bedroom.

I remained downstairs bemused by the events of the last 10 minutes. My stomach felt all fluttery and my lips tingled where Jane had kissed me. I could still smell her scent, like lemons and vanilla. Also, my penis was stirring a bit as I thought about Jane. I stood and wandered up to the "coral room" to go to bed. As I brushed my teeth I looked at myself in the mirror trying to figure out what was going on. I had been attracted to girls while in high school but was really never able to act on the attraction, as I had no money or car. I climbed into bed and quickly fell asleep and dreamt about Jane hugging and kissing me.

In the morning I headed downstairs after dressing. Jane and her parents were in the kitchen and all turned to greet me. The coffee was still brewing so I hadn't slept too much longer than anyone else. We had a nice breakfast and then Bettina and Jane decided it was time to get down to preparing the dinner. I offered to help but was told that they had everything under control. Stan laughed and said that our job would be getting the table ready.

I asked how many were going to be there for dinner and Stan said that it would be just the four of us. As we set the table Stan asked how Jane and I had met and what classes I was taking. I asked him about his job as I was curious just what a CEO did. He explained his job to me as we finished up the table. It really looked wonderful...much nicer than what we had at the orphanage. Stan asked if I liked football, as there were a couple of games on. One of the games featured his alma mater so we retired to the recreation room to watch. There was a small icebox behind a bar and he grabbed a couple of beers for us. His team was winning by a large amount when Jane came into the room and announced that dinner was ready.

When we returned to the dining room I couldn't believe how much food there was for just four people! It all looked delicious, like in a Norman Rockwell print. We all sat down and Stan then turned to me and said that they weren't religious but if I wanted to say grace it was fine. I demurred saying that I wasn't particularly religious either despite growing up in a Catholic orphanage and going to catholic school. Stan chuckled and then said that we could all say what Thanksgiving meant to each of us.

We each briefly said our piece and then tucked into the food. It was all so good. I had never had turkey that was actually moist before. I was also enlightened to the joys of butternut squash, risotto and, best of all, sweet potato pie! When we were finished my pants felt exceptionally tight! I insisted that I should help with the clean up and dishes so Jane and I tackled that. Other than our plates and the serving dishes there wasn't much to wash as Bettina seemed to be quite organized and washed pots as they were finished.

Jane and I wandered up to her room and talked as I laid on the floor and she on her bed. She had some music playing in the background. I noticed that it had started snowing so we both went to the window to watch. After a while Jane and I drifted back downstairs to hangout with her parents until bedtime. We all talked and laughed for several hours before we drifted upstairs to our various bedrooms saying goodnight to each other.

I had been reading for about an hour and then decided to turn off my light to go to sleep. After a couple of minutes I heard my door open and saw Jane's silhouette in the doorway. I could see the outline of her body under her nightgown as she whispered, "Are you asleep?"

I replied that I wasn't so she closed the door quietly and came into the room. She climbed onto the bed and under the covers with me. She asked, "Do you mind if I lie here with you for a while?"

I said, "No, I don't mind." With that she cuddled up against me saying, "Good!" Jane felt so warm next to me as I draped my right arm over her torso with my hand on her back. As my eyes adjusted to the darkness there was enough light to make out her smile. Jane had her arm over me and then pulled me closer to her and then kissed me. As her tongue entered my mouth I pressed mine into hers enjoying the sensation of my first sensual kiss...It was Nirvana! After a while Jane ran her hand under the t-shirt I wore to bed and began to rub my bare back and chest. Her hand was so soft and warm and she pulled me into her intensifying the kiss.

I could feel Jane's breasts press into my chest as we continued kissing. As I rubbed Jane's back I could feel that her nightgown was riding up and after a while I could feel Jane's skin. When I first touched her skin Jane let out a low moan into my mouth. Her skin felt like satin to my hand, so soft and creamy. After a while I let my hand drift down to Jane's wonderful derrière to discover she had no panties on! When my hand drifted to her fanny Jane let out another moan and pressed her lower body into mine. The sensations were incredible.

I then ran my hand up Jane's side and discovered that she didn't have a bra on either. My hand brushed the side of her breast causing another moan from Jane. She then relinquished the tightness of our hug just enough to turn slightly allowing me full access to her left breast. It was large and soft and felt wonderful. I found her nipple was very hard and stuck out about a half inch. As I touched her nipple Jane moaned, "Pinch it, roll it between your thumb and finger." I did as she said and Jane moaned even louder.

By this time I had the biggest erection I had ever had! I was afraid that Jane would be upset if she felt it but as I rolled her nipple between my thumb and finger she pressed her groin into mine rubbing herself against my penis. I thought I was going to erupt at any minute but Jane then sat up and said, "Lets get these clothes off!" She then grabbed the hem of her nightgown and pulled it up over her head. By the dim light from the street I could make out both of her breasts swaying gently as she disrobed. Overcome by the vision, I took one of her nipples into my mouth to lick and suck it. Jane again let out a low moan and pressed my head against her chest.

After a while she pushed me back gently and then pulled my t-shirt over my head. She pushed me down on my back and then turned and began pushing my boxers down my legs. As my erection popped free Jane let out a gasp of surprise and then continued pulling my boxers off my legs. She then swung her right leg over my head and ground her vagina onto my mouth! As I licked her I noticed that she didn't have any pubic hair. Her pussy was warm, smooth and very wet and I began licking her hoping that I didn't come off as the total amateur that I was.

Then all of a sudden Jane took my cock into her mouth and rolled her tongue around the head. I had never felt anything as good as that and groaned long and low. She would bob her head up and down while swirling her tongue around my shaft. She would then take her mouth off me and lick my dick from top to bottom on all sides and then plunge her mouth down again until she would gag. It was heavenly!

A couple of times while licking Jane's pussy I made contact with her clitoris. Every time I did this Jane would moan and press herself harder on my face. Deducing that she really liked this I began concentrating on her clit. This got Jane moaning constantly. She then lifted her head and told me to stick a finger in her pussy. I reached up and pushed my index finger into her warm moist hole and worked it in and out rubbing the inner walls of Jane's vagina. She began rolling her hips as I pushed in and out of her. After a while I inserted my middle finger along with the index finger while I began sucking on the nub that was Jane's clit.

This really got Jane going and all of a sudden she lifted her head and whispered. "Oh my god!!! I'm going to cccuuuummmmm!!!! And with that her vagina clenched on my fingers, she pressed her clit hard against my mouth and let out a gush of fluid onto my face. She then took my penis back into her mouth and began sucking for all she was worth, as she bobbed her head up down my length. After just a few seconds of that I announced that I was going to ejaculate and then my dick exploded pumping stream after stream of semen into Jane's mouth. My eyes rolled up into my head as I experienced the first orgasm of my life!

The feelings were so intense I couldn't believe it. I had read about orgasms but had never even masturbated as I always lived in a dorm with twenty other boys. Jane did yeoman's work swallowing every last drop of my ejaculate. We laid there for a couple of minutes savoring what had just happened with Jane lying on top of me her pussy still in my face. I licked at her slit and enjoyed her taste and smell.

Finally Jane pushed herself up and turned around and then fell into my arms kissing me long and deep. I could taste myself on her tongue and I'm pretty sure she could taste herself. After a few moments Jane broke the kiss, smiled brightly and said, "That was wonderful! I can't wait to do that again!"

I smiled and said, "That was the first time I had ever done this. I'm sorry now that I missed out on it for so long! Thank you!" Jane then laughed and kissed me even harder. We laid in my bed cuddling for a while running our hands up and down each others bodies until Jane said that she should probably get back to bed. She put her nightgown back on kissed me one more time and then left. I fell asleep with the taste of Jane on my lips...I slept with a smile!

The next morning I took a shower, dressed and then headed downstairs. When I went into the kitchen only Jane was sitting there. She got up, came over to me and then hugged and kissed me deeply. I pulled her to me kissing her back reliving in my mind the events of last night. Eventually we broke the kiss and Jane smiled and said, "Good morning! There's coffee ready." I poured myself a cup and then refilled Jane's nearly empty cup and then sat down across from Jane at the table.

"So, how did you sleep?" Jane asked. I looked around furtively afraid that her parents might be near by. Jane laughed and said, "They aren't here! They had to go into work and won't be back until three or four this afternoon. Besides, they are very open and supportive of my choices. They recognize that people our age have sex and they are confident I will make the right choices for myself."
