 It's another lovely day here in Pismo Beach. I'm Rob Anthony, retired and enjoying every day to the fullest. The holidays are upon us and the weather is cooler. With daylight savings time ending, our days are shorter, and nights are longer. I don't have plans for Thanksgiving. My steady lady, Catherine, is in Southern California with her daughter. I reached out to my other lady friends and each of them have plans in place. It may be another holiday with my Fleshlight and me.

I reached out to my friend, Lynette. She is the Assistant Manager at Diamond Adult World and a sexy lady. Unfortunately, she'll be working all week, handling the Black Friday deals on vibrators, lube and crotchless panties.

As I contemplate a quiet celebration next Thursday, my cell phone chirps. I look at the text and recognize Karen's cell number. I imagined she was going to be in Chicago with her daughter and granddaughter, so I did not reach out to her.

Karen and I first met on an Amtrak train. I was heading to Denver and she was destined for Chicago. A chance meeting led us to dinner and an incredible night of passion in her sleeper car. She lives in Santa Clara and when she returned from an extended trip in Chicago, I invited her to spend a week in Big Sur where we camped and made love on the beach several times.

The text read: Hi Rob, wondering if you have plans for Thanksgiving. I'm not going to Chicago and don't want to spend the time alone. Hoping you are free to come to Santa Clara.

With a simple text, my holiday just got a lot more interesting. I immediately dialed her number and we enjoyed an extended conversation, catching up with our lives over the past couple of months. I gladly accepted her invitation to spend Thanksgiving together. We didn't discuss specifics other than me driving up to her house Thursday morning.

The drive from Pismo Beach to her place takes about three hours, so I'll wake early and be on the road by 6:00 AM. Karen told me to bring my running shoes as we will participate in the Silicon Valley Turkey Trot 5K and 10K run for charity. We'll figure out dinner plans later.

I can't wait for Thanksgiving to get here to be with Karen again. She is a lovely lady with auburn locks. She has a beautiful smile and sparkling blue eyes. Karen is very kissable with full, pouty lips. I love her big boobs and narrow waist that flows into wide hips and long, willowy legs. She is definitely well endowed. I love her very large and very round boobs. They sag just a bit but sit high up on her chest. Her nipples are deep red and erect, centered within large round areole.

On Thanksgiving morning, I rise early and get on the road. I arrive at Karen's by 9:00AM. Her new canary yellow Mini-Cooper with the black top is parked in the driveway. She took delivery of her vehicle the day before we met in Big Sur. She let me test drive it around the RV Park and it was fun.

Before I can knock on the door, Karen opens it and jumps into my arms. She is wearing a black spandex body suit with bright green running shorts and matching tennis shoes.

"Oh, my gawd Rob, it's so nice to see you again. I've been looking forward to this weekend. How was the drive? Are you ready for the Turkey Trot? I'm so happy you're here."

Karen's enthusiastic greeting rekindles the fire we shared on the train and camping at Big Sur. She is a sexual dynamo. We hug tight and I immediately feel her huge breasts press against me. The black spandex does little to mask her hard nipples. The material molds around her tits creating an alluring picture. I wonder if Karen plans to walk dressed like this. She will certainly raise some eyebrows. Our extended kiss turns from warm greeting to passionate interlude with plenty of tongue play. Her full pouty lips are so soft, I can't move away. She takes my breath away with her greeting and by the time we break apart my cock is growing and pressing against her pussy. Karen reaches down and strokes my length with an open palm.

"I hope you brought your overnight bag because I plan on keeping you like this all weekend. I've missed our lovemaking so much."

I take a moment to clear my throat before I can squeak out, "It's in the truck."

Karen grabs my hand and pulls me through the door.

"Come in, come in. Let me show you around before we head off to the Turkey Trot. I just got back from Chicago, so excuse the mess."

Karen owns a mid-century ranch style home not far from Santa Clara University. From the look of the kitchen to the hard wood floors, it's apparent she has done some extensive remodeling. By the time we make it to the master bedroom and bath, I am thoroughly impressed. As we walk into the bedroom, the first thing I notice is the ceiling mirror above the four-poster king size bed. Her light purple satin nightgown with the lace bodice that leaves little to the imagination is on the bed. My mind flashes back to that night on the train when we first made love.

I'm about to comment when Karen whispers, "I like to watch myself masturbate. I won't need to tonight, unless you would like to watch too?"

My cock is getting harder by the minute and I suggest that there is no time like the present. Unfortunately, Karen really wants to do the Turkey Trot and she has already paid for us to participate. I tell her that I should just throw her on the bed and remove those bright green shorts.

"I promise once we get back home this afternoon, I'll let you do just that. Right now, we have a fun run to get to. I'll even let you drive my Mini-Cooper."

Karen grabs an oversized grey sweatshirt from the hall closet and puts it on. She says she can't let all those old men watch her boobs bounce and nips stick out. They might keel over during the race. I let her know my heart is strong enough to take that chance. Karen laughs as she throws me the keys to her car.

We drive over to Guadalupe Park and find a parking spot close to the course. The first wave a serious runners have already left the starting line. We join the mass of people walking the 5K route and head down West Santa Clara Street. Karen holds my hand as we pick up the pace and commence a power walk. All my time with my walking club back in Pismo Beach has prepared me for this type of walking.

Throngs of people surround us, talking and laughing as we all move in unison down the road. This is a festive crowd enjoying a healthy start to Thanksgiving Day. A lot of people have dressed up for the occasion. Some walkers are wearing turkey hats, others have donned the traditional pilgrim's hat. We see a few adventurous souls in full turkey costumes.

"Hey Rob, what would you say if I dressed in one of those costumes? Would I make a sexy turkey?"

I let her know that she would, especially if she were to expose her breasts and thighs. I would surely feast on her. She just shakes her head and pulls me along the route. The morning temperature is warming up and I suggest that she remove her sweatshirt. 

"Oh, you would like that, wouldn't you? And should I also remove my green running shorts as well? A few people might be a bit surprised or shocked if I do that. You just have to cool your jets until we get home."

Well that just sparked my curiosity. I wonder what surprise she has under those shorts. Fortunately, I see the finish line in the distance and know we'll be back home soon. Karen thanks me for being a good sport and joining her this morning. She lets me know my reward is not far away.

At the finish line we are treated to fresh fruit and energy bars. There is a band playing in the park and I ask Karen if she would like to stay and listen. She informs me that we should go back home and make our own music. I'm up for that, literally. My cock throbs in anticipation.

We make our way back to the parking lot, leaving the rest of our fellow walkers to enjoy their own music. Karen's bright yellow Mini-Cooper is easy to spot. She takes off her sweatshirt as I open the car door for her. She shakes her boobs as she climbs in.

"Are these what you were looking for?"

My only answer is to get into the driver's seat and high-tail it back to Karen's house. Being the gentleman, I walk around to the passenger side, open the door and assist Karen getting out of the car. We embrace, and I hug her tight, squishing her firm boobs. My hand cups her left breast and I feel her nipple respond through the thin Lycra material.

I whisper, "May I feast on your breasts and thighs now that we're home?"

Karen grabs my hand and pulls me through the front door where we kick off our tennis shoes. She suggests a shower as she drags me to her bedroom.

"Unzip me Rob."

I stand behind Karen and pull the zipper down, revealing the soft, warm skin of her shoulders and back. I nuzzle her neck and lick her earlobe sending shivers up and down her spine. I help Karen push her leotard down to her waist, freeing her wonderful mounds and hard nipples. I continue to kiss her neck and shoulders as I wrap my hands around her torso and massage her full breasts. I caress the crimson buds that poke out a half inch. Karen covers my hands as I gently twist her nipples. 

"What did you mean when you said people would be surprised or shocked if you removed your shorts?"

"Well Rob, why don't you do take them off and see for yourself."

I grab the waist band of her green running shorts and push them down her thighs. I lose all self restraint when I see exactly what Karen is referring to. Her black spandex body suit is crotchless and her full, newly-waxed pussy lips are staring right back at me. The puffy folds of her sweet labia call out to me. Her thin landing strip of curly grey pubic hair adorns her Mound of Venus. I push Karen down onto her king size bed.

Karen spreads her legs and whispers, "Care for a taste?"

Before she can finish her sentence, I am on the bed and between her thighs. I stick my tongue out and lick the length of her pink slit. Her sweet fragrance has my mouth watering. Karen's pink inner labia is moist with dew. I drill up into her sweet pussy; I press my lips together and suck on her clit. The hard nub emerges from beneath its fleshy hood, ready for my oral assault. I flick the pink pearl with my tongue and Karen grinds her cunt up into my face.

She lays on the bed with her legs spread and lets me take the lead. Our shower can wait until after I begin my Thanksgiving feast. Karen massages her tits while she watches me devour her pussy in the mirror above her bed.

I lick the smooth soft skin of her outer lips and then dart my tongue between the puffy folds deep into her core. Karen's pink inner labia hang down from within her folds. I love sucking them between my lips. I grab her ass cheeks and press her cunt tight against my lips. I trace up and down her rosy inner labia licking up as much cum as I can. Karen's pussy gets wetter with each swipe of my tongue.

"Oh, gawd Rob, you're going to make me cum. I'm so wet, make me cum now."

I know what to do. I insert two fingers between Karen's pink labia and curl them up to find her magic ridge. I stroke her G-Spot with my finger tips. Karen's pussy gets so wet as I rub harder and faster. I dip my head down and suck her clit again. My fingers and tongue send Karen over the edge. She bucks her hips and flails her legs as the climax rushes through her body. I hang on and continue to rub and suck her sensitive cunt.

"I'm cuming, I'm cummiiinngg. You are magic, you are so good. Eat my pussy baby."

The erotic pleasure centered in her vagina spreads like wild fire throughout her whole body. This is what I wanted, to eat her pussy and to make her cum hard. Karen's body spasms as I hold her in place on the bed. She continues to breathe hard while her climax ebbs, leaving her body flushed and my face covered in cum.

As her orgasm wanes, I withdraw my fingers from between her puffy lips and suck them in to my mouth. I clean my digits before returning to Karen's pussy. I lap up all the cum from her thighs. I lick the puffy lips that are now pink from her arousal. I lick her wet labia that still pulsates. I lick her soft inner thighs and then slide up to share a kiss and the cum on my lips. We kiss passionately as Karen tastes herself on my mouth and tongue.

"Rob this was so unexpected and so good. I didn't realize my crotchless body suit would affect you like this. I'm glad it did. What do you say to that shower now? I need to have your cock buried in my cunt. Help me get this body suit off."

I slide back down, kissing and licking Karen's body as I go. I pause to suckle her gorgeous boobs and taste her crimson nipples which remain erect from her orgasm. Karen lifts her hips, so I can help her remove the rest of her garment. I pull her crotchless tights down her thighs and she removes one leg at a time. Karen kisses me one last time, jumps off the bed and dashes into the bathroom.

"Take your clothes off and meet me in the shower."

I move to the side of the bed and undress as I hear the shower door open. My cock is rock hard as I walk into the bathroom and hear running water. I see Karen naked with the water cascading down her skin and join her. Smiling and holding a bar of soap, she asks me to scrub her back. Her breasts sway back and forth, capped by erect nipples. Water drips down her stomach to her pussy lips. Her outer labia are smooth and full, nestled between her sweet thighs.

The shower stall fills with steam. Our lips meet, and we share a passionate kiss. I hold her right breast in my hand and pinch her hard nipple. My hand moves down her body and I stroke her pussy. I glide my fingers up and down her slit, playing with the soft pink petals of her inner labia. While I explore her lower region, our lips continue to mash together, and our tongues intertwine.

We break our kiss and I move behind her. Karen hands me the soap and washcloth. She faces the shower head as the hot water washes over the two of us. I soap up the washcloth while Karen reaches back and grabs my shaft. She strokes me as I lather up her back and move down to her ass cheeks.

I move my hands around to her front and soap up her tits. I lift and massage each full mound with the cloth, paying close attention to her nipples. My hands drift down to her tummy and pussy. Karen spreads her legs and lets me clean her outer lips. Her thin landing strip foams up while I finger her inner labia making sure she is squeaky clean.

Karen lets the water wash away all the suds before we change sides; I stand facing the shower head. She washes my back and ass. She slides her soapy fingers between my ass cheeks. I feel her fingers run along my sphincter and it feels good. Karen reaches around me, and grabs hold of my erect cock. She presses her breasts into my back as she cleans my shaft and balls. I love her touch as she makes sure I am clean. I turn, and we embrace under the hot water. We share a long kiss of satisfaction. I am faced with a beautiful pair of large tits with crimson red nipples. I grab the undersides of her boobs and bend down to suck her squeaky-clean nipples. I suck her left nipple between my lips and pinch her right. Karen holds my head close while I suck and lick her tits. I stand straight. My cock is hard and presses against her pussy. Karen grabs my cock and squeezes my balls.

"I want to suck your cock, I want to taste your cum; your sweet and salty cum"

Karen kneels on one knee. My hard shaft is ready for the taking. With the shower spray on my back and my cock in front of Karen, she grabs me and opens her mouth. She wraps her left hand around my thick shaft and strokes several times. Her right hand cups my sack; she rolls my balls around and squeezes.

"I love your shaved balls; I just want to devour you."

Karen leans forward and sucks one of my balls into her mouth as she jerks on my shaft. She moves her tongue around and around before releasing me and sucking on the other. After releasing them she licks my cock from bottom to top. Karen pulls down on my shaft and swallows me up, sucking on my glans and several inches. She jacks me off while sucking on the tip.

"I just can't get enough of this cock. You're going to cum for me."

Karen moves her hand to the base of my shaft as she licks up and down. She opens her mouth and sucks four inches into her mouth. Her lips move up while she continues to suck which feels so good and keeps my orgasm building. She releases the tip of my cock with a pop.

"Mmm, you taste good."

Karen is determined to make me cum. She grips my shaft and her hand moves quickly up and down, twisting and squeezing which takes me over the edge. She has her lips glued around my glans as she masturbates me to climax. I press into her and pump three solid ropes of cum into her mouth. Karen gulps down my load. She bathes the sensitive tip while her hand continues to pump, drawing a few more dribbles of jizz. When she is satisfied that I have no more cum, she releases my cock. I help her stand and our lips lock together. She shares the remaining cum as she drives her tongue into my mouth. We hold each other tight under the constant spray.

"I'm not done with you yet. I told you I want you buried in my cunt. I hope you can stay hard long enough to satisfy me."

I gulp when I hear Karen's demand. If anyone can keep me erect, it's Karen and her mature body. Unbelievably, my cock remains hard. My glans is purple with desire and my balls hang low from the hot water. I stroke my length several times squeezing the hard-soapy shaft while Karen turns around and places her hands on the tile wall. She bends slightly and spreads her legs. I grab Karen's ass cheeks and spread them wide. With one step forward, I press the tip of my cock into her swollen hole. With a second step, I push my entire length deep into her pussy. My hips press into her fleshy, mature buns. Karen grunts.

"Geez, your cock is so big. You fill me up, my pussy is so full. Rob, pound my cunt, I want it hard."

I slide in and out easily assisted by the sudsy lather. I increase my thrusts. It's been quite a day for us already. One hand grips her left hip while I slide the bar of soap along her anal crease and over her tight ring.

She turns her head to look at me, "That feels so good, now use your finger. I want your finger in my ass."

I rub my digit back and forth over her starfish as I fuck her from behind. I push my index finger against the soapy rim. My finger slides past the first tight ring and I bury it deep in her backdoor. Karen flexes her ass and traps my finger. Her fleshy ass cheeks surround my hand. I resume pumping my cock in and out of her pink labia and can feel the shaft through the thin membrane separating her holes. I rotate my finger in her backside, twisting and pulling as my cock lunges in and out at a steady pace. Karen's anal ring loosens as she gets used to the pressure.

The double stimulation drives us both closer to orgasm. Her girl juices lubricate my cock and drip down her thighs, mixing with the hot water. I easily slide within her tight folds. I keep my finger buried deep in her backdoor as I increase my thrusts. Karen braces for another climax. She keeps her feet planted on the tile floor.

"Rob, I'm coming again. Oh, gawd so soon, I can feel your cock, I can feel your finger. Geez, fuck me baby. Fuck your shower wench. Arrrgggghhhh. Feels so good."

Karen's legs shake, and I pull my finger from her ass to hold her hips with both hands. She rides out another orgasm and I slow my strokes. Her legs are jelly. I keep her upright with my shaft buried in her cunt. Her pussy muscles throb around my cock as her second orgasm winds down.

It's time for me to see if I can cum again. My cock twitches and my balls tighten; a sure sign I'm about to climax. It builds quickly, and Karen grinds her ass into my groin attempting to send me over the edge. I need just a few more thrusts to erupt. I feel my jizz race through my shaft heading for Karen's cunt. With each spasm, semen fills Karen's inner walls. This orgasm is much more sublime
