 Many stories were told around the table at Thanksgiving this year, but there was one big story that wouldn't make it out into the open. At the table was Bob, 55, his daughters Marie, 28, and Melanie, 25, Melanie's husband Ryan, 29, and Marie's "roommate" Tanya, 28. Everybody at the table had their share of secrets. One of them was Tanya, who, though openly gay, kept her relationship with Marie a secret per Marie's request. The girls had an open relationship, but Marie didn't want her dad to know she was bi and that she was living with a lesbian. But on Bob's last visit to see his daughter, he had discovered this on his own. Marie didn't know. Tanya didn't even know he knew.

Maybe if Tanya had known about his being informed, it would've been easier to deal with what had happened just the other day...

Tanya had picked up Bob the other night at the Vegas airport and showed him around the strip while Marie finished up a late night at work. But there had been an incident thanks to some dancing and a little too much drink that caused a very difficult moment. The pumping and grinding had led to Bob cumming on Tanya's back when she went too far in trying to help him enjoy himself on the dance floor.

It marked the first time Tanya had ever felt a man's cum--an experience she'd never been interested in before, but now couldn't get out of her mind. The two of them had done very well in forgetting about the incident and acting as though it'd had never happened, but only so far as the public was concerned. Inside, Bob couldn't stop thinking about other things he'd like to introduce the beautiful lesbian to, and Tanya couldn't stop thinking about how erotic that cum felt as it slid down her back and the crack of her ass.

All through dinner, the two kept thinking about their moment. They had been seated next to each other by coincidence, so it was hard to forget. They said very little as the dinner went on.

Afterward, they avoided each other during the clean-up and the lazy, post-Thanksgiving dinner lounging around. They even were of the same mind when they sat down in the living room; they sat on opposite ends of the couch so they wouldn't have to look at each other, and they had Marie sitting between them.

Hours went by as the group talked and drank wine and watched TV, until finally Ryan was the first of the five to go off to bed. Neither Bob nor Tanya would remember how long after that it was that they fell asleep, but when they woke up, the TV played some infomercial, the clock on the DVD player read 2am, and they were the only ones that hadn't gone off to bed. Still on opposite ends of the couch, both were still drowsy from their naps, and both pretended to be still asleep.

Each had their reasons for not simply getting up and going to their bed. For Bob, he was in a position that allowed his eyes to wander over Tanya's body. He peeked at her and admired her form in the rather tight t-shirt and snug sweat pants. Tanya was not fat but was big, standing tall and having great curves all around. Her C-cups pressed against the thin material of the t-shirt. She was Asian American, with a very exotic, beautiful face and impossibly dark hair.

Tanya stayed for a much more interesting reason. Though she had always thought Bob was attractive, men not being her thing meant it was always an innocent observation. Even now she knew she wasn't really attracted to him. But she was very interested in him nonetheless. She couldn't stop thinking about that moment when she felt his cum spraying on her, and her body tingled in desire for it to happen again. Though she couldn't believe it, Tanya was feeling tempted by a real dick for the first time in her life. She wanted to stay here, alone with him on this couch, because as long as they were both there, it gave a possibility that something would happen.

Tanya had no intention of doing anything. She just loved how her chest tightened at the feeling of being so close. She wanted to try things she'd never considered before, but she knew only the fantasy would be possible. There was just no way of making it look like an accident.

Minutes went by, with neither of them moving. The TV volume was low enough that they could hear each other breathing, but couldn't tell if the other was awake or not.

The fire between Tanya's legs and her own curiosity got the better of her though, and she decided to make a bold but relatively tame move. Pretending to be asleep just in case Bob was awake, Tanya shifted on the couch and lay down on her side, bringing her head to lie right next to Bob's thigh. Even bolder, however, was her left hand which fell limply but intentionally on the top of Bob's thigh, just inches from his crotch.

Fear and misjudging distance with her eyes closed had kept the move from being a success. Tanya had wanted to have her hand rest on Bob's crotch. Now that she had made the big move, she'd have to make another small move to reach her target, which would make her intentions more obvious if Bob was wake to notice. But she had gone this far, and even though she didn't know what she hoped to gain by feeling him, Tanya waited a long minute before moving her hand again, sliding up until she felt his dick beneath his jeans...his hard dick.

The surprise caught her so off guard that she opened her eyes and looked up to see if he was awake before even thinking about that if he was, he would see that she was, too. To her horror, Bob was awake, and in his own surprise he had looked down at her face. They locked disbelieving eyes for a second before quickly looking away. They closed their eyes again, each pretending to be asleep again even though they knew that part of this charade was over.

Minutes went by and neither moved. Except Bob's cock got harder under Tanya's limp hand, and Tanya felt herself growing wetting between her own legs, and she could feel her nipples pressing against the fabric of her tight t-shirt.

When nothing had happened for several minutes, Bob decided that Tanya was staying because she still wanted to pretend that they weren't playing this game, and that it was his turn. So he moved his hand as if it were an inadvertent shift mid-sleep until it rested on Tanya's chest, his palm feeling her hard nipple. When Tanya didn't make a move to respond to this right away, Bob knew he had done the right thing, especially when the nipple seemed to grow harder.

Tanya was fast talking herself into this game. Obviously Bob was awake, and he wanted to continue. If she had been honest with Bob and hadn't been pretending to be straight all these years for Marie, this would have been impossible. But--because she didn't know Bob knew she was gay--Tanya figured that, from his point of view, this could just be construed as two somewhat alcohol-impaired heterosexuals getting friendly. 

But Bob knew Tanya was gay. He knew this was a big deal, and he desperately wanted to be a part of it.

He slipped his hand down the neck of her t-shirt and cupper her breast directly.

Bob's daring advance caught Tanya completely off-guard. Her body went tense and yet it boiled with excitement. She inadvertently pushed her chest up against his hand to feel its power and warmth. It wasn't a blatant move, but she knew Bob felt it. He felt so good against her hot skin, and Tanya let out a soft gasp in spite of herself.

She also began to gently rub Bob's erection with her formerly limp hand.

Tanya couldn't believe it even as she made up her mind to do it. Off all the guys to be her first, here she was with her lover's father!

The pretending was out the window at this point, but neither Tanya nor Bob felt comfortable facing each other yet. Tanya took the next step by turning her face and kissing Bob's arm as he slowly, softly, began to knead her hot tit. Each kiss sent jolts of electricity through Bob's body, and his erection wasn't merely growing, it was throbbing. Tanya eventually used her kisses to direct Bob's hand back out of her shirt until she was sucking on his fingers one at time, her eyes still closed as if she was unaware of what she was doing.

The absence of Bob's hand on her breast made Tanya even hotter than when it had been there because she wanted to feel him again so terribly. Eyes staying closed, she grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt and pulled it up and over her breasts, giving him his first ever look (though she didn't know if he had his eyes open to see this), then brought both of her hands to Bob's lap and began fumbling with his zipper.

Bob's eyes were open, and the only thing that could have drawn them from the mouth-watering mounds of bronze flesh was Tanya's feminine fingers--fingers that had never really touched a man before--reaching into his jeans and pulling out his raging hard cock.

Tanya quivered when she grabbed Bob with both hands and felt his stiffness and heat. Wanting more, she scooted up and tilted her head back until she had her head beside him. Because she was on her back, Tanya met Bob's cock with her face turned upside-down, which again only made her hotter because it was a position that only made touching him harder. Bob took his wet fingers from her mouth and grabbed one of her tits again. This freed her to open her mouth and she gasped, reaching for the cock with her lips while pulling it towards herself with her hands. There was no way she could suck him in this position, but she didn't want to. She just wanted to feel him against her face. And so Tanya held the hard dick to her, panting from the excitement of it. She rubbed it back and forth across her forehead and nose and even her lips, which she hadn't had the mindset to think of wetting yet.

Bob put both hands on Tanya's tits and massaged them with a strong yet sensual touch. They were spectacular breasts, and he couldn't remember ever handling a pair so soft and full. But as seconds went by and Tanya continued to writhe at his crotch, he didn't consider that she was teasing herself with him. Bob figured she wanted him, and so he ran his hands down past her chest, across her taut tummy, and then grabbed her by the waist and lifted and pulled her up to him, turning her on her side so that she was now face to face with his aching erection.

Tanya was surprised when Bob moved her, but she was also intensely aroused. Now she could take his cock into her mouth. But for a while she just held it and stared at it. She had fucked dildos before, but never sucked on one. The thought never excited her. But now, with a real, pulsing cock just an inch from her lips, Tanya was so hungry should couldn't contain herself, and yet she was terrified to take the next step. And then she remembered her charade--she was supposed to be, in Bob's eyes--a straight woman. So if she continued to hesitate, he would think something was wrong. So Tanya finally just went for it.

She took his cock head between her lips and sucked on it, repositioning her body without even realizing it until she was on her knees beside him. Tanya took Bobs cock in one hand and cupped his balls with the other as she sucked on just his tip, swirling her tongue around him there but not bobbing down. She heard Bob fight to catch his breath, and it excited her. She felt her heart about to beat right out of her chest. It didn't feel right, what she was doing. It felt alien to her to have this penis in her mouth, but Tanya couldn't deny how hot it was making her, and how she had no desire to take it out.

At her other end, Bob tugged at Tanya's sweatpants until they slipped down over her luscious ass, revealing black panties framing her two delicious orbs. Bob grabbed onto her ass, sending a spark through her, and suddenly Tanya plopped her lips off his dick and slid up to kiss Bob full and hard on the mouth. She pushed her breasts against his chest, held the back of his head with one hand while slipping her other hand down her panties to touch herself. But even that self-stimulation didn't satisfy her as much as feeling Bob's strong cock in her fingers, and Tanya quickly grabbed hold of him again at the base, pumping him strong but slowly.

Tanya's kiss was very wet, laced with pre-cum, and filled with passion.

"I want to taste you," she said in a needful, hushed voice. Then, forgetting or not caring that she was supposed to be an expert, she said, "Tell me what to do".

Bob directed her off only so he could get up and remove his clothes. Taking the cue, Tanya did the same at first, fully removing her t-shirt and sweats, but too cock-obsessed to take the time to remove her panties. She had nuzzled her head back into Bob's crotch, feeling him against her face, just as he was removing the last of his clothing.

Bob wanted to talk her through this, and he knew that she had asked for it, but he was enjoying feeling the beautiful young lesbian explore him. He said nothing and let Tanya decide what to do next as he sat back down on the couch. He sat with his back to the armrest and his legs stretched out over the cushions, one on either side of Tanya who still kneeled before him. Like a holy offering, his cock sat long and hard before her, and she dipped down to lick it's full length. For minutes she continued this, lapping at him without sucking, until finally she had worked herself up enough to take him in her mouth once again.

This time she didn't just tongue him, but actually sucked, moving up and down. She was definitely new, Bob thought, and he stiffened each time he felt her teeth gently scrape against him, but the tension it created made it even hotter. He held her head in his hands to help guide her, though she was doing most of the work herself. Soon she was really moving on him, and Bob knew he couldn't have nor did he want to slow her down. He reached under her, grabbed her huge, swinging tits, supported their weight in his hands, and just held on for the ride.

It wasn't long and he was moaning. Even the rookie cocksucker could sense what was coming.

"I want to swallow you," she said, though she didn't sound convincing. Sucking a cock was easy enough; actually swallowing a load of semen was a whole new ball game.

Still, hearing those words gave all the inspiration Bob needed, and suddenly he was shooting his seed and grunting, trying to keep as quiet as possible so as not to awake the others. He filled Tanya's mouth, who kept sucking him the whole time he came, but he could tell she wasn't swallowing. Her cheeks puffed out as he flooded her, and when she finally pulled off his cock and stood up before him on her knees, Tanya kept her lips tightly shut. A thick sheen of white goo clung to both lips. Her eyes were wide with fear of what to do next. Apparently she didn't want to swallow her first load of cum after all, but she didn't know what to do with it.

"You can spit it out," Bob said, but he was interrupted by Tanya shaking her head. Then she made a move like she was trying to fight her body and swallow the cum, but Tanya gagged and had no choice but to open her mouth. The whole load spilled out and cascaded down her body, on and between her tits, across her stomach and down over the fabric of her panties. She grabbed at it with her hands to try and catch some, but all she succeeded in was further spreading and smearing the mess.

The sight was just too much for Bob to take. He was still so hot that he couldn't help himself, and he sat up and pulled Tanya into his arms, grabbing her and pushing her back while positioning himself to stuff his miraculously still hard cock inside of her. Their bodies rubbed together, squishing and smearing the thick trail of cum, creating an awful mess of slick sperm, but neither cared, and in fact it just riled them up more to know how uninhibited they were being.

Bob pulled aside Tanya's cum-soaked panties and rubbed his slippery head against her pussy only briefly before pushing into her. She took him with ease, as she was used to having dildos fuck her, but no piece of rubber or plastic had ever excited her as much as this real, cum-coated flesh. If all felt so alive and energetic. Tanya clamped her pussy so tight around Bob that it was all he could do to stifle his scream. Their bodies lubricated in hot cum, the two fucked up a fast, hard rhythm right away. Bob couldn't believe his luck, being a 55 year old widower who was spending Thanksgiving fucking the cum out of a gorgeous lesbian that was half his age. He pounded and pounded her, and she pulled him to her, her hands, wet with cum, rubbing and sliding everywhere. She spread her legs and clamped them around his back.

Amongst their muted moaning and panting, Tanya looked into Bob's eyes to talk to him again.

"I still want to taste you."

He kissed her, tasting himself. And then he backed up off her just enough to free his hand from having to support him. Still fucking her, Bob dipped his fingers into the mess of jizz on her tummy and tits, then brought the sticky goo up to Tanya's lips and fed it to her. While the full load had apparently been too much, eating Bob's cum a little at a time seemed to be the perfect scenario for Tanya. She slurped and gulped the jizz down, licking his fingers clean each time he brought them back up to her with a new, dripping load.

Bob was getting close to cumming again, but he wanted to make sure Tanya got off before then, so he pulled out of her and rubbed his soaking cock back and forth over her clit, giving what he hoped was a sensation similar to what she might get in the lesbian world. The clit stimulation worked, because Tanya was soon squirming and shaking, and then an orgasm hit her like a bolt of lightening. She thrashed beneath Bob and kissed him hard on the mouth, then begged him to fuck her again in a voice she had to struggle to whisper.

Bob fucked her during the latter half of Tanya's orgasm, and her pussy squeezed him so intensely that he was instantly cumming again. He shot into her, filling the virgin pussy with a second load of cum before Tanya, feeling it, pulled him out for a second try at taking it down her throat. She directed him up as he shot his white wad, sending streams of cum across her belly, tits, neck, and face before finally she put him in her mouth. He fed her only a couple spurts of sperm before he was done, but Tanya gulped it all, and when she was done, she placed his dick so she could feel it against her face as she smeared the cum on her body deeper into her skin with her hands.

Bob hovered over her face like that for several minutes, loving the feeling of his sticky cock softening against Tanya's pretty face. He even moved a little to rub his balls over her nose and eyes a few times. But then his legs started to cramp up, and he had to get up.

Tanya stayed on the couch, her whole body glistening from cum. The couch beneath her was a mess, but she didn't seem to care. He was ready to get dressed again and try to conceal what had happened--starting by cleaning the couch--but Tanya had other plans. She spread her legs and looked at him, waiting. Her panties were still pushed to the side, so her naked pussy was in full view, covered with his cum.

Bob wasn't sure he really wanted to taste that much of himself by going down on her, but he moved onto his knees beside her anyway, wanting to please her so she wouldn't have to reconsider on whether on not to do this again. He grabbed her thighs, opened his mouth--

"You still out here?" It was Marie's voice, groggy from sleep.

Tanya and Bob froze. Marie had come from behind the couch, walked past the back of it and into the kitchen. She hadn't been able to see Bob from her route, but she would've seen Tanya's head resting on the couch armrest.

"I'll be in in a minute," Tanya said, obviously disappointed she was going to have to take a rain check.

Bob grabbed his clothes and rushed into his guestroom while Marie was getting a glass of water in the kitchen. Tanya hurriedly dressed and tried her best to hide the cum on the couch, flipping over cushions and throw pillows.
