 That 69's Show

Episode 04a

While Jackie Waits Eric Meets Mrs. Macy

By DDDDave

"Big Tits, Big Dicks and Fantasy Fucking!"

( . )( . ) ( . )( . ) ( . )( . ) ( . )( . ) ( . )( . ) ( . )( . )

This chapter occurs during Episode 4, while Jackie is waiting and watching outside the Macy's house.

"Young lady, go to your room! I'll be up to talk to you in a few minutes!" She watched her naked daughter, boobs bouncing and shaking, scamper out of the room and up the stairs.

Turning to the young man on the couch she was surprised to see that he had not moved to cover his nakedness. He was lounging on the sofa, propped up on one elbow gazing at her in open appreciation.

"I can see where Pam gets her good looks," Eric remarked as he looked her up and down. From the short fashionable hair cut to the three inch heels, Mrs. Macy was a good looking woman. And, he suspected from the way her jacket hung from her, that she was just the kind of woman he liked best. Stacked!

"Never mind that," she retorted angrily. "What do you think you were doing here with my daughter?"

"Doing? What did it look like we were doing? Why don't you sit down here and we can discuss it?" He shifted to make room for her on the sofa. 

Without thought she sat down in the space just cleared. "I demand to know why I caught you with my daughter, young man!" 

"Well, you caught us because Pam didn't think that you would be home for hours. And it had been a long time since we had had a chance to get together. So..." his voice trailed off.

"So? So? My daughter is way too young and innocent to be... to be doing... well, what she was doing with you!"

"Pam's eighteen, Mrs. Macy. She's old enough. And while she may not be very experienced, but she is REALLY enthusiastic! And Pam loves sex!" He smirked at the look of shock that flashed across Mrs. Macy's face.

"She's eighteen." he continued. "That's legal. So am I for that matter. Eighteen years old I mean! And if you were so upset you could have stepped in a while back. I saw you watching, peeking around the doorway! Eric grinned up at Mrs. Macy as her face turned red. "You watched Pam climb on top of my rock hard dick. You watched your daughter ride it to at least two climaxes! You only came in after she had taken all that she could and needed to take a rest!" His voice was confident and challenging.

"That's, no, that's not..." her voice faded away.

"Oh, come ON, Mrs. Macy! If you weren't so interested why did you wait so long to walk in on us? And why are you holding my big fat dick?"

"What!" she shrieked. "I'm doing nothing of the sort!"

He just looked down his well muscled body to his groin. She followed his gaze and found that, indeed, her left hand was wrapped around as much of his shaft as she could reach. With out realizing it she had started to fondle his immense dick while they had been talking!

"Oh, God, oh, God!" she moaned. She didn't let go. She couldn't let go! She watched as if she had no control as her hand slowly slid up to his dick head. "I can't believe..." she moaned as her hand began the long descent to his enormous ball sack. "So thick, so big." She was moaning and panting, watching what her hand was doing.

"Go ahead, Mrs. Macy, use both hands!" he encouraged her. "You need to use both hands to handle my foot long cock!" he bragged. "Get me hard, get a good look at that big hard cock, you'll love it, I know!"

"This is impossible," she gasped as she continued to stroke his hardening dick shaft. "I never imagined..." Her hand slid up and down again and again. She stared as if it was someone else's hand. 

"So thick!" She was gasping for air as she worked harder and faster, almost in a trance from fondling his enormously long shaft.

Slightly shifting his weight, Eric moved a little closer to the lust struck woman who was now using both hands to pull and push up and down his enormous, now almost rock hard fuck stick. His hand landed on her thigh as she continued to work.

"See what you've done, Mrs. Macy," he remarked while she smoothed the precum that was seeping from his dick. Both her hands were wet with the combination of pre-cum and the mingled juices of this young stud's dick and her daughter's pussy. She pulled and pushed with a twisting motion, up and down, again and again. Her eyes were locked on what she was doing. Her tongue flashed out to wet her lips and remained locked in the corner of her mouth before she bit her lower lip. His hand gently stroked her inner thigh. She didn't seem to notice. 

"You like that, don't you, Mrs. Macy? You like that big hard dick, don't you, Mrs. Macy?" He was teasing her. They both knew the answer.

"I can't believe it! So long! So hard! So fucking thick!" Her use of foul language was the first hint at the level of excitement that she was feeling. Never in her life had she seen such a big dick. She had never imagined that she would meet someone with a dick that was a foot long! Her ex-husband had been almost eight inches long. Once in college she had dated a guy that was over 9 inches long. This young man was longer, thicker, harder than anything she had ever encountered. He almost looked photo manipulated, the contrast between his slender muscular body and his giant prick! 

As she continued to work over his enormous cock Mrs. Macy licked her dry lips. Her mouth and lips ached for the feel and taste of this massive thick tube. She had never had the chance to experience anything like this! She didn't, she couldn't admit, even to herself, that she was about to fulfill a dream of hers from the time that she became sexually aware.

Mrs. Macy had an oral fixation that bordered on the insatiable. In college she had preferred sucking cock to anything else. Her first blow job had unleashed something inside of her. She knew from conversations with her sorority sisters that her reaction was unusual. Fucking, she felt, was fun. But oral sex? That was something else! The feeling of a man's dick in her hands! Driving her mouth down a stiff hard on! Having the power to drive her lover to the brink, only to delay his release until SHE decided it was time. And then to bring him to climax when she was ready to drain his balls and drink down all that he could offer! She loved that feeling of power!

She had found that she could experience an orgasm just from the excitement of providing oral gratification for the panting, gasping, moaning man that was the enthralled object of her cock sucking ability! 

She let her men fuck her. But only with the understanding that she was going to suck him dry when he was ready to explode. She developed a reputation, of course. She didn't care. It was too much fun. It was too exciting. She was a true Cum Queen! Big or small she loved them all. Size was of no consequence. If she had a dick between her lips, if she was stroking a penis to quivering ecstasy, she was happy.

She had thought that she was over that after her marriage had fallen apart. She had been focusing on raising her child.

But the feel of Eric's horse-sized hard on was bringing it all back, and stronger than ever!

With a moan of surrender Mrs. Macy leaned over and grafted her lips to his cock head. Slurping and licking hungrily she powered up all the pre-cum and other liquids that had accumulated on his shaft and balls. Her eyes closed in pleasure as she started to work. It had been so long! And this cock was so amazingly long! It was thicker, longer, than any other she had had in her hands and between her lips!

Eric pulled a pillow behind his head as he settled back against the sofa to watch the mother of his most recent conquest deal with his over-sized cock.

Mrs. Macy used both hands to stroke and caress his giant dick. Her lips pursed on the tip of his dick head. With a noisy sucking sound she vacuumed up all the pre-cum that leaked out. From time to time she would allow her lips to part enough to take his dick head into her mouth. When she did she found that it filled her mouth completely! Feeling it pulse and throb in her mouth was exciting! But she loved stroking his dick even more! Yanking her hands up and down his stiffness, feeling him grow harder, longer, thicker as she slowly built up the pleasure. Pulling his skin up and down, his blood pulsing under her ministrations! God, she loved cock sucking!

After a couple of minutes of devotional homage she was ready to take his out pouring. Gazing into his eyes she rested his erection on her lower lip. She knew that he was on the verge of an epic explosion. 

"Cum for me, stud! Empty your balls, I want to drink it all down, Honey!"

Her expert manipulation continued as Eric groaned deep in his chest and began to spurt wad after wad of ejaculate into her eager mouth. She kept her eyes locked on his as he came and came! She never missed a drop. Every particle of the precious white liquid was tasted, savored and swallowed! 

As he finished Mrs. Macy picked up right where she had left off. Without pausing, not allowing his shaft to weaken in the slightest she returned to her first love and obsession, cock sucking. Now she added some short trips to manipulate his ball sack and run her tongue and lips over his balls. She thought she could feel it as he refilled his gonads! 

Mrs. Macy slipped out of her jacket as she worked. Her blouse was stretched over her imposing bust. The buttons strained to contain her as she worked. Gaps appeared and disappeared as she bent over Eric's groin.

Moaning in excitement as she worked, Mrs. Macy pulled a second load from Eric less than 10 minutes later! As large as the first, she drank it down with out hesitation. She loved cum! 

"You have a real talent for cock sucking, Mrs. Macy," Eric remarked as he stroked the side of her face. She was still focused on making sure she didn't miss a drop of his second load of cum.

"Yeah, I love sucking dick." she admitted. Glancing up at him she posed the most important question on her mind. "Can you cum again? I haven't had a dick to suck on in a long time and yours is so big and you have such huge balls, I bet you can cum more than one or two times, can't you, stud?" She realized that she didn't even know the name of the young man whose balls she had just emptied twice in a row. And she found that she didn't really care! She just craved what he had to give her. Cum.

"Oh, yeah! Pam didn't have a chance to get me to spurt before you interrupted. And you are doing a better job than she was. Why don't you slip out of your clothes and climb onto my big cock?"

"Maybe later, stud. Right now I really want to pull another load from these big balls of yours!" Her fingers were caressing his ball sack as she spoke. Her soft touch was soothing, encouraging him to reload for her insatiable desire for more, always more.

Her lips were pursed and she returned to kissing and sucking up all the fluids that coated his shaft and balls. Her hands were steadily stroking him. He was back to full strength quickly. She stopped momentarily to smile up at him. Her lips were glazed with his precum. Her tongue languidly caressed her lower and upper lip, bringing that bounty into her mouth where it was slowly swallowed down. His precum was delicious, she thought before she returned to trying to get him to provide more of his cum to add to what she had already ingested.

Her liquid sounds of pleasure attested to her enjoyment of what she was doing. Moaning and whimpering in excitement she made sure that Eric knew how much she was rejoicing in harvesting his output.

"Oh, honey, you are a cum fountain, aren't you! I love pulling more and more cum from your balls. Are you ready to give me another load, stud?"

"Yuh," he responded. His hips were churning under her two handed ministration to his foot long dick. "It feels so good! I can't believer you're going to get another mouthful so soon!"

With that he arched his back and began to blow another wad into her open mouth. She allowed it all to pool in her mouth. When he was finished she was full to the brim. Cum lapped at her lower lip. Her mouth was full with out room for another drop of cum. She loved it!

She allowed Eric to see how much she had corralled. She closed her mouth and swallowed the load. It took more than one swallow to empty her mouth. Her tongue slithered out again to make sure that she hadn't left anything on her lips. She hadn't.

"Gosh, I've never met anyone so dedicated to sucking cock. I've had some girls that like to suck my cock, but nothing like you, Mrs. Macy!"

"Can't help it," she admitted as she watched her hands playing with his almost soft dick shaft. "I've loved cock sucking since I was in college. It's my favorite thing to do. And your's is the biggest, thickest dick I've ever gotten to play with!" Her hands were working to increase his heft. She wasn't near done with this stud!

"But here," she continued, "this may help you stay interested." She quickly unbuttoned her blouse and tossed it into the corner. Her bra was struggling to contain her tits. They surged up with her breath, quivering above the cups. The catch was in front, between the large mounds. She released it and slipped out of the harness. Her firm melons barely jiggled as they dropped into a thrusting, perky position high on her chest.

"Grab hold, stud," she instructed while pulling his hands to her breasts.

"Geeze, Mrs. Macy, these are amazing! So big and firm and sexy! I just love these big, sexy tits!" 

"Well, I guess I've been lucky, stud. Oh, and my name is Melissa. Or Mel." Her hands still using a slow, easy stroking from base to cock head and back. 

"I'm Eric. Eric Foreskin."

"Little Eric Foreskin?" She replied. "Well, I guess not so little after all, right, stud?" Her hand sped up while Eric continued to squeeze and fondle her impressive chest ornaments. "You're hung like a horse, and I love the size and stiffness of your cock!"

She bent back to her cock worshipping. While Eric continued to fondle her amazing boobs. 

As his thumbs strummed her nipples to full strength her lips were caressing the very tip of his cock head. Her tongue joined in, lashing against his dick head, encouraging even more precum to leak from his urethra. Sucking it up with loud slurping sounds, her hands twisted and churned faster and faster until he could hold back no more. 

With a groan, Eric unleashed another load of cum that was joyfully received, savored and ingested by the horny MILF while Eric kept pressing her tits together and then, forcing them against her rib cage, watching as they spread out to the sides under the pressure.

"So good! So much still" she gasped as she drew back from the leaking dick that both hands were still holding.

"I think it's time I tried this big pole!" Her skirt fell to the floor as she stood up next to the sofa. Quickly she doffed her panties and straddled his hips. Her pussy mashed against his dick as she gleefully rocked back and forth on top of his rapidly stiffening cock. 

Her boobs bounced and shivered. They shook from side to side, wobbled and jiggled as she moved faster and faster. Her clitoris was rubbing up and down the underside of his dick driving her excitement higher and higher!

"Now it's my turn!" she announced gleefully. "Let me see how much of this horse cock I can take into my tiny little pussy." She leaned forward, crushing her boobs against him and gave Eric a scorching kiss. He returned the kiss while he felt her rise up and position herself to drive down his shaft.

"But remember," she panted, "I need to drink down your cum! So let me know when you're ready to blow! It's mine to drink!"

With a hiss of pleasure mixed with a dash of pain she pressed her self firmly against his now completely rigid dick. His cock head dug in, pressing her pussy lips far apart. Slowly she managed to force more and more of his almost apple sized cock head into her quivering cunt.

"Oh, God," she moaned as she felt him start to drive into her cunt. It was the thickest dick she had ever encountered. The hardest too she discovered as she tried to force it further and further into her weeping cunt.

Several minutes later Mrs. Macy felt her self begin to quiver and shake as her body reacted to feeling him force her cunt walls to accept his overly massive dick! 

"FUCK! What a cock! You're too much! Too long, too hard, too thick! I love it, keep fucking me, stud! You're driving me crazy! Oh, God, I'm cumming again! So fast! I've never cum so quickly! What a dick, what an amazing pole! I want more, but I don't think I can take it any deeper!" 

In response, Eric started to drive his hips upward. Trying to force himself deeper and deeper into the cumming, spasming, busty cock sucker who was riding him and clutching his head to her opulent bosom.

"Mmmph! Omphefehmuuff!" Eric gasped, trying to speak around the nipple that Mrs. Macy had driven deep into his mouth. "Mrrfphla, howmfer!"

"Oh! You're cumming!" Mrs. Macy gasped. Pulling herself off Eric's dick she slid off the couch and, clutching his spurting dick with both hands she started to drink the fountain of cum, 

"You bastard!" She exclaimed after she had drawn out all of his remaining cum. "I told you I wanted to drink it all! You wasted some of it! I told you!"

"Jeeze, Mel, I tried to tell you! But you had your tit stuffed into my mouth! I tried to tell you!"

"I don't care! You owe me one! You still owe me another load of cum! This one doesn't count!" Her tongue darted out to scoop up the cum that had landed on his chest and stomach before she had managed to stuff her mouth with his cock. 

"I don't know," Eric complained. "You've pulled four loads from me in less than an hour. I'm hardly a machine you know."

"Oh, don't worry! You think I'm going to have trouble with this next one? I don't think so. I'll bet I can have you cumming in two minutes flat!" she bragged.

Kneeling on the floor she bent over Eric's groin. Both hands wrapped around his dick. He wasn't hard. In fact, for the first time since she had walked in on her daughter and this, this, STUD his dick was limp. It flopped over her hands as she squeezed and caressed his shaft. Mrs. Macy applied her lips and tongue. Licking and fondling she brought him back to full strength in less than a minute. Whimpering and moaning in excitement she nibbled on the tip of his dick while using long, foot long, strokes to bring him to erection.

She glanced into his eyes. Her left eye lid slowly closed and reopened in a sexy wink before she concentrated all of her efforts to wanking him faster and faster. Her grip varied from soft to hard and back again before she adopted her lightest possible touch.

Again she began to use her lips and tongue on just the tip of his dick. He was at full extension now. Hard as a rock and pulsing with the beat of his heart.

Knowing that she was almost in reach of her goal, Mrs. Macy sped up even faster.

"Guh, guh, God Damn!" Exclaimed Eric as he came for the fifth time in less than two hours. This woman was amazing! And truly gifted as a cock sucker!

"Schlurp!"

"So good," she moaned as she ran her tongue around her lips to catch any drippings that she might have missed. "I just love the taste and feel of cum as I swallow it down my throat! And you have so much of it! So very, very much!" She slowly squeezed his dick from root to tip, allowing the cum to pool in her open mouth. His dick was limp as a rope when she let it go to lick off her fingers.

His penis sagged across his groin as she proceeded to clean up after herself.

"You are amazing, Eric! Just amazing," she told him as she nestled up to him. He was breathing hard. As if he had just run a marathon. Gasping for breath he pulled her closer to him with one arm while he proceeded to feel up her tits with the other hand. 
