 It was a week before his wedding when Richard met Lisa. She had come from overseas to be a bridesmaid, having known his bride-to-be, Josie, since childhood. Her arrival seemed to cheer Josie up - she had been a little off for the past few weeks, and Richard hoped it was just wedding jitters.

The girls had an ecstatic reunion, all squeals of delight, while Richard tried to hide his own physical delight at the stunning young woman he was being introduced to. Josie was a beautiful woman, and Richard was lucky to have her, but Lisa exuded something more powerful than just beauty. Richard could hardly keep his eyes off her throughout the pre-wedding dinner. Her raven black hair ran loose over her shoulders, guiding eyes down to her ample cleavage. As she spoke, Richard couldn't help but be entranced by her deep brown eyes. She laughed at all his jokes, her laugh lighting up the room. As they talked she was not shy with the body contact, touching his arm tenderly or nudging him playfully with her elbow. He wondered if she felt the same surge of electricity when they touched as he did. Richard hoped that Josie didn't notice their seemingly irresistible urge to flirt - but she was just pleased to see him getting along so well with Lisa.

Richard was home alone for the rest of the week leading up to the big day. Josie had suggested she move back home for a week apart, to make their wedding, and wedding night, all the more special. Richard agreed, although he became intensely frustrated. Every night he would find himself jerking off, and while he tried to think of Josie his mind kept drifting to Lisa. He imagined her full, pouty lips slipping over his hard dick and after some furious yanking he would shoot his creamy load into the air.

Two nights before the wedding Richard was out with his best mates, having a few drinks at a club, trying to relax. But after several beers he was considering going home. There were a lot of attractive women at the club, and Richard was getting sick of hearing his friends' jokes about how he couldn't have any of them and how he was signing his sex-life death warrant by getting hitched. As the alcohol flowed the girls became easier and his mates quickly paired off with two women. Richard was reaching for his coat when he spied a goddess with black hair entering the club. Instantly she attracted attention, men practically falling over themselves offering to buy her a drink. She moved through the club and closer to Richard, and as the lights hit her face he realised it was Lisa. His cock twitched in his jeans as he took in her long bare legs, leading up to a pert ass barely covered by a red tartan mini. Her deep green, off-the-shoulder lycra top accentuated her large tits and her small waist. As Richard tried to tear his gaze away, Lisa noticed him. She smiled slightly but didn't come over, ignoring him in favour of her admirers.

With several men surrounding her, Lisa gladly accepted the drinks they bought her, downing one after another. As time passed and Lisa loosened up, the men got friendlier, some pushing themselves against her body, brushing her ass with their hands. Lisa didn't seem to mind, perhaps even inviting the physical attention. Richard found himself getting jealous, but was confused as to why. Maybe it was because it seemed the way she had acted with him at the dinner wasn't exclusively reserved for him. He distracted himself from the sound of her giggling with another drink, and when he next looked Lisa was gone. He scanned the room and found her on the dance floor, still surrounded by adoring fans. 

She moved sensuously to the music, using the men around her as props, holding onto them and sliding over their bodies. Every now and then she would catch Richard's eye, staring deep into him, almost daring him to come over and join in her little party. The dancing got dirtier as Lisa and two men in particular ground their bodies against one another in rhythm to the music. One man stood behind her, his hands high up on her body, cupping her breasts in front, his crotch as close as possible to her ass. The second man stood in front, his hands lower on her waist, intoxicated by the big tits threatening to burst from her top. Lisa closed her eyes and threw her head back to rest on the first man's shoulder. She let her body relax into to the two men, her weight held up by the pressure of their bodies on hers.

After several minutes of dry humping passing as dancing, one of the men leant into Lisa's ear and whispered something. Richard tried to gather what he was saying but couldn't. Whatever it was, it pleased Lisa as she smiled and put her arms back around the man's neck and pulled his lips to hers. They kissed passionately for a while before the second man got jealous and put his hand on Lisa's face, turning it to him for his share of her lips. 

Richard had had enough. He went to find his friends on the other side of the bar, and told them he was taking off. They didn't mind, seeing as they were busy with their newly acquired dates. Richard was about to leave when he decided he should visit the bathroom first, as it was a long trip back to his apartment.

He wound his way through the crowd and was surprised when he couldn't see Lisa anymore. He assumed she must have left with the two guys. Trying to be disgusted with the sluttish behaviour of his wife's best friend, Richard found himself mostly jealous that it wasn't him going home with her. As he pushed open the bathroom door he was confronted with a man's back, evidently the back of the long line waiting to get in. Richard sighed with frustration and was deciding whether to wait, when he heard the men in the line let out a small cheer. It was then he noticed the guys immediately in front of him were grinning and straining their necks over the men in front of them. The line wasn't single file, but more like a gathering of men in the hallway of the bathroom. Richard did the same as the men in front and stood on his toes to get a better look. He could hear some grunting inside, but couldn't tell yet where it was coming from.

A naked man's ass came into view, trousers hanging around the knees. His ass was moving back and forth and Richard recognised the action. The man's hands were holding something in front of him. Fortunately for the group watching, the man maneuvered sideways a little, giving them a better view of the woman on her knees in front of him, sucking frantically on his cock. The man held her head, picking up the rhythm of his thrusting. Richard only saw black hair at first, but he knew soon enough who it was. Lisa really was a dirtier slut than he had first thought. 

One of the men in front of Richard decided to leave, giving him more room to move up closer to Lisa. He could see she was receiving attention from the rear too, the second man from the dance floor positioning himself on his knees behind her, pants down, cock standing to attention. The man took hold of her small skirt and pushed it up to gather at her waist. The thin panties she was wearing were pushed to the side as the man inserted his finger between her pussy lips and drew them out, soaking wet with her juices. Another cheer came from the assembled crowd as the man held them up in their shiny glory. Lisa groaned happily as she continued to suck the first cock deep into her mouth. She put her hands on her ass cheeks and spread them apart, inviting the man behind her to enter. He greedily accepted. 

In one fluid movement he forced himself inside her, making Lisa cry out and take the cock from her mouth. 

"Fuck!" she squealed, and pulled her green top down, exposing her tits and gripping them in her hands. She pushed back onto her fucker, letting the cock go deep in her pussy. "Fuck me hard!" She cried, half-muffled as the cock in front of her was pushed back down her throat. Both men now pounded themselves into Lisa as her body was jostled between them. Richard found himself getting aroused. Most of the time Lisa was focused on her two playmates, but for one moment she looked up and caught Richard's eye. She grinned wickedly with the fat dick still filling her mouth and winked at him. Her eyes closed again in pleasure as the man behind her gripped her hips tightly and pushed his cock as far inside her as he could. After a few more desperate thrusts he cried out to the ceiling, pulling his cock out of her cunt and resting it across her back. He jerked it with his hand frantically and he quickly came, shooting hot semen across her smooth skin. Richard tried to control his own erection growing beneath his jeans. Lisa moaning in pleasure was almost too much for him, and when the man in front of her began to tremble in the familiar way of a man about to cum, Richard decided enough was enough. He turned to leave just as the man shot his own semen into Lisa's mouth, so much that is started to drip down her chin and onto her bare chest. 

Richard walked quickly out of the club, the cheers of the men in the bathroom still ringing in his ears, his stiff cock still struggling in the confines of his pants.

Two days later Richard found himself in the groom's dressing room of the hotel where he was marrying Josie, trying to straighten his tie in the mirror. His two groomsmen had gone to get a pre-wedding drink at the bar and Richard was alone. His mind was spinning. He should have been filled with emotion at marrying the love of his life in less than an hour, but all he could think of was Lisa. He hadn't stopped thinking about her since the night at the club. How could a man forget a display like that? 

Richard shook his head as if to clear his mind and focused on the tie. He was getting frustrated when he heard the door open slowly.

"You need help with that?" A voice behind him asked.

Richard turned to see Lisa, looking ravishing in her bridesmaid's gown. The electric blue, halter-neck dress had long splits up the sides, revealing her long legs once again. Her large tits were barely restrained beneath the satin material. The thick black hair was loose and long over her bare shoulders. Richard was almost lost for words.

"Umm..." was all he managed.

"Here, let me do it." Lisa closed the door behind her. Richard thought he heard the lock latch into place. Lisa walked over to him and turned him towards the mirror. Standing behind him she put her arms over his shoulders and adjusted his tie while watching in the mirror. Richard could smell her, but was unsure whether it was perfume or just her natural sweet scent. He was glad she wasn't standing in front of him so close, or she would have felt his cock twitch at the thoughts he tried to banish from his mind.

"There..."Lisa finished the adjustment. "Perfect. You look drop dead handsome."

Richard laughed awkwardly. "You too...I mean beautiful, you look beautiful." 

Lisa laughed with him. "Thank you." Although she was finished with the tie she kept her arms over Richard's shoulders, and slowly began to brush his chest with her hands. Richard was unsure what to do, so stayed still and let her massage him gently. 

"I never knew Josie had such good taste in men. I didn't expect to come here and find her groom so...manly" She pressed into his body from behind and rubbed his chest harder with her hands. Richard could feel her hot breath on his neck. "You left so quickly, the other night."

Richard was silent, surprised she had brought up the subject of the other night.

"I could have shown you so much more." Lisa whispered, close to his ear. He tried to control his breathing. He knew he should have moved away from her, but he found his body wasn't obeying the moral part of his mind.

"Did you like watching me, Richard?" she asked, looking into his eyes in the mirror.

"Of course." he managed to say. She smiled.

"I thought you did. Men always like watching me. But you know what's more fun than watching, Richard?" Her hands slipped down his body and rested on his crotch. "Doing it." Her hands squeezed gently through the fabric and found his hardening cock.

"Shit!" Richard cried when she touched him. He stepped away from her and out of her grip. "What are you doing?"

Lisa grinned. "I think you know what I'm doing." She moved toward him again, but he took a step backward.

"It's my wedding day!" he exclaimed.

"You're not married yet. This might be your last chance." Lisa kept smiling sweetly.

"I love Josie." Richard said. He was running out of excuses to turn down the horny goddess before him.

"I know. But fucking isn't love." Lisa stepped forward again, and this time Richard let her get close. "And I know you want to fuck me." Her radiant smile beckoned him to kiss her. She moved even closer to him.

"The other night when I saw you were there, when I saw you watching me, I've never been so turned on in my life. Man after man put their cocks in me that night, Richard, but what I really wanted was yours." Lisa was so close to him now she put her hands on his crotch again, running her finger up and down the zipper.

"Really?" Richard asked.

"Mmmm, yeah. All I could think of was you, how hard you'd fuck me if you got the chance..."Her hand moved faster, rubbing him in circles through the fabric. "Richard, your chance is right now." Lisa leant forward and kissed him.

He accepted the kiss greedily, all his excuses disappearing from his mind. His hands were in her hair, holding her head tightly, her tongue playing with his as it darted around her mouth. She moaned into the kiss and pressed her body against his. Her hands were still between them, and Richard felt her undo his zipper and reach into his underwear. Her warm hands felt so good on his cock as it hardened even more to her touch. She pulled out his cock and he felt relief as it escaped from the fabric confines of his trousers.

Richard kissed down her neck as she stroked his cock with her hands.

"Oh God..." He mumbled into her skin. He felt her pull away from him and tried to pull her back until he realised she wanted to kneel in front of him. She hitched up her dress, then knelt bare-kneed before his stiff cock.

"Mmmmm, looks so tasty." She said, grinning wickedly, before sliding her tongue up the shaft till her nose hit his belly. She continued to lick down the shaft and back up several times. Giving it a small tug Lisa flicked her tongue out to catch the drop of pre-cum forming at the head. She moaned again in pleasure and licked her lips. Forming a fist over his cock with her hand she gripped tightly and slid it back and forth along the shaft. While she jerked him off with her hands, her mouth went down to his balls and played with them, sucking and licking till they shone with her saliva.

"Suck my dick, please!" Richard groaned.

Lisa obeyed, holding the base of his cock and moving her mouth over its head. She opened her lips wide and took in his cock till it hit the back of her throat. She gagged a little as she tried to take it further, and the noise turned Richard on. He put his hands on the back of her head and helped her take it all. When it was in as far as it could be without suffocating her, she smacked her lips shut and began to suck like a hungry baby at a bottle. Richard began to move his hips, drawing his cock out of her mouth a little before forcing it back in and making Lisa gasp. A mix of pre-cum and her spittle began to drip out of her mouth and down her chin. She arched her body back away from his moistened cock, so that none of their juices would drip on her dress.

"God, you're so fucking good at this." Richard whispered, looking down at Lisa as his cock slid in and out of her mouth. She moaned in reply as she pulled the fabric of her dress to either side of her tits, letting them squeeze free over the neckline. Her fingers immediately went to her nipples, pinching them as she massaged her big tits. Richard watched her tits jiggle as she bounced her head over his dick. He groaned with her. 

Lisa pulled her mouth off his dick and pushed her tits toward him, letting the cock slip between them. It was a tight squeeze as his wet cock made her tits glisten with moisture.

"Mmmm, I knew I'd love this cock." Lisa said, pushing her chest back and forth, letting Richard's dick slip in and out of her cleavage. "My pussy is so fucking wet, Richard. It needs this cock so bad." 

Richard slipped his cock from between her tits and pulled her to her feet. They kissed briefly before Richard forced her around to sit on the dressing table. She gathered her dress up around her waist, spread her legs and exposed the black g-string stretched over her pussy mound. The panties were obviously wet from her juices. Richard pulled them aside and let two of his fingers slide up easily into her soaking pussy. It was shining at him like a glowing pink target.

"Oooh, yes, can you feel how fucking wet I am?" Lisa moaned, tossing her head back. Richard fucked her cunt with his fingers, getting them covered in her moisture. 

"Let me taste myself, baby..." Lisa leant forward and Richard offered his fingers to her. She suckled greedily at them. "Oh, fuck me now, Richard! I'm so ready for you."

Richard agreed, let his pants drop to the floor and held his cock up to her pussy lips. He ran his shaft up and down the lips, getting it coated in her juice. Lisa moaned in anticipation and her ass twitched forward, inviting him in. He pushed his own hips forward and slipped effortlessly into her cunt. She groaned deeply, closed her eyes and bit her lip, a look of intense pleasure on her face. 

Richard pushed himself further inside her, amazed when she took his entire length and his balls pressed against her skin. Her hands gripped the table edge tightly and her body tensed. 

"Fuck me, please, fuck me hard..." She said, almost whispering. Richard began to pump his hips, withdrawing his cock half-way out before plunging it all the way back in. He felt it was the tightest, hottest pussy he had ever experienced as he began fucking her harder and faster. She wrapped her legs tightly around his naked ass, urging him deeper. His hands held onto her hips as she joined him in the rhythm - back and forth, in and out. His speed increased and Lisa began grunting like an animal, her tits shaking in front of him. He sucked on her nipples for a moment. One of her hands moved between her legs, found her clit and rubbed it furiously. Richard watched her hand stroking herself above his cock wildly fucking her.

"You like fucking that cunt, Richard?" Lisa said, in between groans. "My cunt wants to cum on your big dick. God, I want to cum so hard!" 

Their bodies were slamming against each other at each thrust, both of them breathing heavily with the frantic movement. Richard felt Lisa's body tense even more and her nails practically dug into the wood of the table as her orgasm hit.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck!" Lisa squealed, her body going into little convulsions as her juices flowed. She tossed her head back against the wall and closed her eyes in ecstasy.

"Ahh, Jesus!" cried Richard, the sight of this fantastic woman cumming on his cock almost too much. He could feel his balls ready to burst.

"Wait." Lisa said, her orgasm subsiding. "I want to taste it." She pulled herself off his cock with a slurping sound and jumped off the table. She slid down to her knees, her dress still hitched up and one hand still rubbing her clit. Richard jerked his cock desperately over her open, waiting mouth.

"Cum in my fucking whore mouth, Richard." Lisa said naughtily.

"Shit!" He gasped, as his own orgasm hit and his hot semen began to spurt from his cock. Lisa grinned widely as she tried to catch as much in her mouth as she could. The cream hit her chin and cheeks, but she licked it greedily up. When the last drop had shot out, she gripped his cock trying to milk it for more, sucking on the head hungrily. 
