 Koshka sat back comfortably as she savored a spoonful of the mint-and-Oreo gelato he'd bought for her. She glanced over to her left, seeing him enjoy his own treat. They'd gone to a museum opening, which ended up being drier than either of them had anticipated, so they'd left early and gone for a walk before deciding to pick up a cool treat on this surprisingly warm night. The heat wasn't even on despite the weather that could be expected at this time of the year, and she slid her feet out of her shoes before stretching her legs across the dashboard of Malcolm's car.

As she expected, her lover did not hide his admiration, and she saw a faint smile on his face as his gaze moved to her toes clad in thin black silk. His eyes made a slow journey along her ankles and shapely calves and past her knee to reveal the top of the stocking, black lace peeking from under a skirt that Koshka let slide down her leg as she shifted around on her seat.

He slowly raised his spoon to his mouth as his gaze moved back up her leg. She continued eating as if there was nothing out of the ordinary, seeing the reflection of the moon and the streetlights across the river in the water. They'd chosen a parking spot in one of the lots along the river, a bit of keep-away magic cast by her guaranteed to keep away any nosy humans who might wander too close, suddenly reminding the mundane folk that they had something to do at another location, urgently.

The car was filled with quiet music for several minutes as they finished off their gelato, Malcolm more focused on her legs than the eddying water in front of them. She set her empty container in the paper bag that the food had come in, and slid her hand to his knee, still staring out at the water. He took another spoonful of his dessert as she slid her hand up his leg by several inches. There was a slight flex of muscle, but Malcolm showed no other reaction as he finished off his treat.

Only after he discarded his container did he let her meet his gaze, and to no surprise, they were glazed over with desire. Malcolm might take pride in being a refined man, collected in his body language, but all Koshka had to do was look into his eyes to see his passion for her. She felt his hand rest on top of her own. The radio continued crooning soft classical music as they stared into one another's eyes.

Her hand slid further up his leg, now massaging his thigh, and she studied his facial expression to gauge his reaction. Would he be too stiff to be receptive anywhere besides the privacy of their homes? Malcolm had proven himself an excellent lover, but his rigidity, especially in public areas, led to a restraint she had rarely seen in any other male - mundane or magical alike. She'd hinted at trying other places outside the confines of their apartments, but he seemed reticent to the idea. Hopefully she could help him get over that...

"You're going to get me going," he spoke softly. "Maybe we should head back. I can't guarantee that I'll be able to drive safely if I'm all hot and bothered."

"Well, we're alone right now. We have all the privacy we need." She gave his thigh another squeeze before her hand slid up a bit more, now only inches from his groin. "A bed is nice, but you know what they say, variety is the spice of life." There was a touch of hopefulness in her tone.

The handsome blonde looked around the car, a hint of nervousness creasing his brow. He throbbed beneath his slacks, unable to keep that in check with her attention, not that she expected him to. "Not the most comfortable place for it. There are some hotels not too far from here. I'm sure we could find a nice one." She could almost swear she saw a glint of amusement in his eyes before he looked off thoughtfully.

"Have you ever examined a hotel room with a blue light? All the disgusting stains you find..." She gave out a shudder." I'd be much more comfortable in our own beds than in one that countless strangers have slept in. Besides, what's wrong with this car? It's a very nice car, and the backseat has plenty of room..." Her hand slid up further, now barely a centimeter away from his groin, the weight of her hand pressing the slacks around the tip of his manhood.

"It's..." he considered this for a moment, "just not what I'm accustomed to. Limited room. Risk of getting caught. I believe they write tickets for this kind of thing. Public indecency or the like." For all his talk, his desire was all too apparent.

"If a police officer comes upon us, I'll take full responsibility, mmkay?" Koshka asked with a grin, her hand now sliding over his manhood and rubbing it firmly, feeling it twitch and harden further in his pants. She moved closer, leaning against him and nibbling along his ear and neck, inhaling the scent of his cologne.

o0o

Well. It'd been over a month now since Koshka had pulled him into her bed. Puck had been careful to maintain the identity he'd created as Malcolm, lovingly fabricating, and solidifying quirks for his human persona, but it could be difficult being so dry or stiff at times. He figured he had put up enough objection as Malcolm, and decided to let a bit of his true self slip through. He would fuck Koshka on the hood of the car, or even the roof while the car was being driven at breakneck speed by a blind person, if it came down to that. Frankly, he didn't care about the where, he just wanted the feisty demon, and it could be damned difficult to rein in his enthusiasm at times.

"Well.. you do put up a good argument. I suppose it is time we mixed things up a bit?" he replied in a display of concession. "What would you suggest then, kitten?"

She smirked at him as she continued to massage his groin, and he inhaled slowly as the hand groped him through his slacks. He shifted around in his seat, head lolling back as he looked down at her hand. She certainly knew how to use her hands... and other parts, and he let out a contented moan as she rubbed along his length. Already he felt a drop of precum welling at the tip of his cock before it was absorbed by his underwear.

"If you keep doing that, I think I might tear through my pants," he scolded lightly before she leaned over, nibbling along his jaw before her nimble fingers loosened his belt.

It did not take long for her to free him of the confines of his clothing, his manhood springing free and standing proud amidst the loose folds of fine dark wool and the snug cotton of his boxer briefs. He barely registered the sight of his own swollen organ before her head obscured the view, and he felt her lips wrap around him.

A soft gasp of delight burst from his throat as he felt her tongue massage him, hungrily swiping and swirling around the sensitive tip of his aching need. Her fingers slid down to his balls, and he lifted his hand to rest it on her hair. She lifted her head up, staring up at him as she peppered the swollen crown with kisses, and he felt an ache in his core that seemed to sear through his entire body. A month had passed, and he'd sated his lust a good amount of times, but his passion showed no signs of abating. Whatever Koshka did simply fueled his desire, and she was skilled at what she did.

A slow, shuddering breath made its way past his teeth as he felt her slowly lick up the underside of his shaft. Oh, kitten. He ached for that tongue, and even simply her breath had his flesh pulsing fiercely.

"Mmm, that's it," he urged, his fingers weaving into her hair as she started to bob up and down. His breath came in short gasps and before long, he rocked his hips along with her skillful movements. "You're incredible," he murmured, his head pressing back against the seat. When he felt himself approaching climax, he hissed a warning, but she continued on, and he came into her mouth, moaning out her name as he felt her suck him off hungrily.

She looked up at him and kissed the tip of his manhood before reaching into the pocket of her skirt, the gold wrapper of the Magnum condom recognizable in the limited light. He took it before she wiggled between the two seats to the back, stretching out on the backseat. He watched, his cock throbbing afresh as she lifted the hem of her skirt to reveal the lacy garter belt that held up her tights, and a matching pair of black silk panties.

He wasted no tine in slipping on the condom, and though it took a bit of doing with his larger frame, he fit between the seats and positioned himself between her legs, pushing his pants and underwear down to his knees.

Pushing aside the cool self-control he imposed on himself as Malcolm, Puck soon found himself lost in the rhythm of making love to his feisty demon girlfriend. Rough gasps and pants burst from his chest as he pushed into her, his hips snapping up and down as Koshka braced herself against the doors and thrust back at him.

He felt her hands slide under his shirt, clawing at his chest and back, before going down to his ass and doing the same. She cried out his name several times, pressing him into herself. Once he was spent, she kept her legs around him, so he couldn't pull out.

"I'm tempted to keep you here forever," she teased. Not a bad idea at all, mused Puck as he laid against her, giving her breast gentle squeezes.

"Mmm," he moaned deeply, "This was certainly amazing."

She smiled at that and kissed his cheek. "I know you're a very stiff and reserved man. But if you're too reserved, you miss out on new experiences, if you refuse to step out of your comfort zone." She nibbled his ear as she gave his butt another squeeze. Preaching to the choir, kitten, Puck thought, though he remained silent, attentive while he kissed along her jaw and ear.

"I will certainly try to be better about that," he nodded thoughtfully, wiggling against her. It was tough pretending to be such a white-bread stick in the mud sometimes.

"Don't worry. Any time I ask you to step out of your comfort zone, I'll make it worth your while," she promised, with another heated nibble. "And besides, no one can see us now." She gestured towards the car windows, which had fogged up.

He let out a deep chuckle, nuzzling against her firmly as a contented murmur rumbled from his chest. Her hands stroked his thick, short hair and the bare nape of his neck as he relaxed into her embrace.

"You know, I do believe that I've worked past any issues about having sex in the car," he whispered, feeling the ache between his legs stir afresh.

"Is that so?" she breathed into his ear. He gently grabbed her wrist, leading her hand to his groin. She acknowledged his response with a heated nibble along his ear.

"Kosh..." he groaned softly. Gods, the feisty woman knew just how to exploit his weakness to ear-nibbling... Not that he was about to complain...

o0o

It'd been one hell of a night, Koshka mused with contentment as she sat in her parked car, casually glancing at the wooded park that was a block away from the McDonald's that she had just purchased her late lunch from. She'd been to a couple of estate sales, and now was the owner of several boxes in the backseat filled with items she'd found at said sales. Some she would sell in her shop, others were for her personal hoard. Her store was closed for the day, so she simply relaxed, dipping a fry into her Shamrock smoothie.

She picked up her phone and looked at the picture she'd taken with Malcolm last night at the museum, with a display they both particularly liked behind them. Normally, she wasn't for selfies, but it was a beautiful picture that showed an happy couple in front of an interesting piece, and she decided to send him a text.

'I know it's only been half a day, but I miss you fiercely. <3 <3 <3 Can't wait to see you again!' She looked down at the message before hitting Send. Last night and this morning had been glorious. She was falling for Malcolm, hard. No, she had already fallen for him. She'd had various lovers through the centuries, human and demon alike, and there really was no one like Malcolm.

Idly, she took another sip of her smoothie as she stared at the picture again, before a long-familiar voice shattered her reverie. She glared across the passenger seat to see Puck peering at her through the partially-open window. He was clad in human clothing, his ears glamored to look normal.

"So... what are you doing?" He grinned at her, looking a handsome sight in a comfortable linen shirt, a brown jacket with several patches of eclectic fabrics - including a square of deep red satin - and close-fitting dark gray jeans. The clothing was tailored to his lean frame, the pants lightly hugging his shapely thighs and hinting at what lay between his legs...

Ah, damnit, Koshka fumed. She pulled her attention away from the imp.

"Sending me a text admitting how much you want me?" he commented flippantly as he regarded her scowl.

She quickly put her phone down and glared at him. "Somehow, I doubt you have a smartphone. What brings you here?" she asked dryly, taking a sip of her shake.

"Like I couldn't get a phone," he scoffed, testing the door, and finding it unlocked, slipped into the vehicle, planting his rear end against the deep red velvet. "Seriously though, what you doing? Not texting another man are you?" Puck sniffled, offering his best puppy-dog eyes. "I thought we had something special." He placed his hands under his chin in a theatrical gesture.

She narrowed her eyes at the imp before giving out a long-suffering sigh. "You're an intelligent if... immature creature, Puck. Surely you're not that deluded, are you? I've said no to you a thousand times, and I will say it a thousand and one times more if need be."

"Playing hard to get," he nodded thoughtfully, quickly shucking his forlorn expression and taking on a mien of professionalism, as if making a diagnosis. "I've seen it a million times before. And I was joking," he lowered his voice to a teasing whisper. "You do know what a joke is, right? Though I do think this is pretty special," he gestured to the two of them ensconced in the relative comfort and privacy of her car, his nod becoming more eager.

"We have differing senses or humor. You do not amuse me," Koshka replied dryly, tapping her chin as she took a moment to ponder her next comment, "If you're so hungry for attention, there's several gay bars in this city I'm sure you'd be very welcome in. You have that twink look working for you, the men there will be swarming all over you."

"I'm not in the mood for a man," he shrugged. "You know what I want. But you know, I am starting to think that, just maaaybeee, the feeling isn't mutual. So you think I'm immature. You probably have a type, huh? Prim and proper? Suit and tie? A real stick in the mud sort? Yeah, I can see you going for one of that type." He slumped into the seat, his head lolling against the bottom of the headrest.

Koshka paused, trying to not let a bit of shock show. He couldn't know, could he? She'd cast a spell around Malcolm to protect him. "And what if that is my type?" she asked with a deliberately casual tone. "Excuse me for liking the mature, adult type. Responsibility is good for you, you know," she said in a lecturing tone.

"Hey, I've been responsible for millions of perfectly executed pranks, you know. I can be responsible. You just like 'em boring," he crossed his arms in mock frustration. "I can see the conversation now. I see that you like money. I like money too. And adulting. And more money." he said in a mock deep, gruff yet carefully-pronounced tone.

"And what's wrong with someone having the same hobbies as you?" she quipped, biting back a laugh... his comment had been clever. But then, his wit was one of the things that enabled her to tolerate him, at least at times.

"Money's not a hobby. Spending money's a hobby. Earning money is work."

"Treasure-collecting is a hobby for me, you know. It's a perfectly legitimate activity that one can have fun with." she said, wagging her finger before taking the last few fries.

"We could go treasure collecting sometime," he suggested, grinning. "Like pirates. What do you say? Let me plunder some booty?" He giggled at his own quip, leaning back against the seat, kicking his legs.

She bit her lip to hide a smile, something Puck did not miss. "If you mean a serious expedition... I might be willing to consider it. As for booty... my answer remains ever the same. No."

"You're no fun," he went back to pouting, crossing his arms and sticking out his lower lip. "Not yet anyway. But I'll wear you down even if it takes another thousand years. Date your boring, business-suit types for now. Eventually, you're going to get sick of them and want me. Who knows? Maybe we'll even do it in the car," Puck grinned, rocking back and forth, now hugging his knees to his chest and wiggling his eyebrows at her.

At that, the demon knew for certain that Pick knew. Her shock and rage caused the smoothie to explode out of the cup, splattering a good amount of the car, and the two of them, in a pale but bright-green chemical-color that contrasted sharply with the burgundy velvet of the interior. She blinked and stared for several seconds, her hand shaking and crushing the cup, causing more smoothie to drip down her arm, which did nothing to improve her disposition. Her eyes glowed blue for a moment before turning red. 

"Whoa, whoa!" Puck put his hands up, shrinking into the corner, against the door. "You don't wanna do it in the car. Fine. No need to go all demon-crazy." Despite his apparent concern, Puck reached a hand over, a finger dipping into the spilled smoothie on her arm then slipping between his lips. "That's pretty good. You should cheer up before you spill more."

"You... look what you did. You made a mess of my car." Koshka said with a deep growl. "Mark my words, Goodfellow, if you so much as lay one finger on him, or harm or humiliate him in any way, misery and pain will hound you to the end of your days."

"Him? Who? What?" he gasped, covering his mouth, "you do have a boring, white-bread boyfriend. I knew it! What's his name? Something dull like Bob or John or Tim? Does he always have that serious look on his face like you get?" Puck gestured to her face. "Yeah, that's the one."

"What makes you think I'm answering anything about him?" the redheaded demon growled. "My affairs are of my own, and I will not tolerate any meddling! This is no way to try to get into my good graces!" With that, she reached out and poured what remained of her smoothie on his head, watching the green milk slide down his hair. Immature, yes, but it gave her a tiny amount of satisfaction. Her lips started to quirk into a grin but she bit it back.

"Gah!" Puck cried out at the smoothie, though his focus quickly turned back to the matter at hand. He sighed. "I'm not going to bother him. I like you. I don't try to piss you off. It just..." his voice got a bit smaller, "happens anyway."

The ancient but powerful fae snapped his fingers and the mess disappeared from the vehicle. The trickster soon followed, quickly returning with a heart-shaped box of minty chocolates. "Here. Peace offering. I'm sorry," he murmured the last couple words, a rare phrase from the trickster and not easily said. He looked sufficiently chastened, his eyes locked in a downward gaze, his head bowed in a penitent manner.

Her eyes turned back to normal, and she stared at him for several moments, surprise overriding anger. She was quiet for a couple of seconds while she noted the cleanliness of the car and her person, before nodding. "Promise me you won't bother him," Koshka pressed, though her voice was softer and more reasonable than before, but no less firm. Puck was infamous for finding all sorts of loopholes.

"I promise," he nodded. "No bothering, no harming. He won't have any reason to worry about me, you have my word. But can I be his friend?" he asked, grin returning. "That could be fun, huh? You, me, and Mr. Stick-in-the-Mud hanging out together. Imagine the possibilities." He raised his eyebrows suggestively, his grin growing wider.
