 (This is all based on true events which happened just after I graduated high school. The names and places have been changed.)

*

I saw him around The Java Hut a lot before we actually talked. I couldn't help but notice him. He was gorgeous. I really didn't think he'd notice me, you know? Sure, I was at the top of the downtown social scene. I was getting invited to all the best parties, meeting the best people. But he seemed somehow...above all that. He dressed in bold colors: deep purples and reds and greens. He had lovely angled green eyes that I wanted so badly to look my way. He was tall and slender and graceful. His longish dark wavy hair was straight out of a movie. I'd see him walk through the door—and right past me. Escaping like a wonderful dream that you can't quite remember when you wake up. It was so obvious that he wasn't, and never could be, for me.

At the time I was dating TJ, a lovely hunk of a guy. He could have walked right out of an Abercrombie and Fitch catalogue and into my bedroom. The sex was great, and I relished the envious glares I received when he and I went out in public together. And no boyfriend had ever been sweeter; TJ would bring me flowers at work, and cook me dinner. He worked masonry jobs, and somewhere out there a sidewalk has my name written in it with a heart around it. The problem, however, was that the boy had been born with an extra thick skull. Some of my friends used the cliché, "Dumb as a box of rocks." It did fit. No matter what the perks were to this relationship, it wasn't going to work for me.

One afternoon, I lay naked in my sun-drenched bedroom with TJ hard at work between my legs. My god, it was glorious. The tongue that couldn't articulate its way out of a ninth-grade English class made up for its short comings by giving amazing head. I moaned and gripped my pillow for dear life. He pulled back to wet two of his fingers with his mouth, and then plunged them into my already wet pussy. He used his other hand to spread my quivering lips apart so that he could nibble and lick at my clit.

"Oh god, oh god, TJ!" I breathed. "Just like that! Don't stop!"

He didn't stop. He flicked and swirled his tongue until I was practically begging to cum. He pumped his fingers in and out of me, making me soak the sheets with my juices. My legs quivered and stiffened, and I stuffed my fingers in my mouth to keep from screaming as the orgasm washed over me. TJ licked the juices from my pussy as my body relaxed. Just then, I heard a vibrating sound from my beside table. It was my phone. I dove for it, and answered the call before any pillow talk could ensue. It was my buddy Fitz.

"Hey Melodie, are you busy right now?" he asked me.

"No, not really. Why?"

"I have to tell you all about my date last night! He was amazing!" Fitz was gay, and a better girlfriend than any girlfriend I'd ever had. "Meet me at Café Othello for lunch?"

"Sure," I said. "Give me about half an hour." I looked at TJ. He was lying there looking at me with a raging hard-on. He was no quitter. "Actually, I just remembered a couple things I have to take care of around the house," I told Fitz. "Give me an hour an a half." I hung up the phone.

"Who was that," TJ wanted to know.

"Oh, just Fitz. He wants to have lunch. 'Oh, Melodie I have to tell you all about this new guy I'm humping,'" I said in my mock impression of my best friend.

"Your name is Melodie?" TJ asked.

I looked at him blankly, not really believing what I'd just heard. "Yeah. What did you think it was?"

"Well, I've always called you Mel. I've never heard anyone call you anything else."

I shook my head. "TJ, just fuck me right now." I didn't have to tell him twice. He flipped me on my back, and buried his hard massive cock in my pussy.

----------------------

An hour and a half later, sexed and satisfied, I met Fitz at the café. He was positively glowing, and looked great. He'd definitely gotten laid.

"So, what did you have to do?" he asked me.

"TJ," I told him, moving my eyebrows up and down, smiling suggestively.

Fitz rolled his eyes. "I should have known. Now, let's talk about something I care about, like...uh...me."

For nearly an hour, Fitz told me about this new guy Raymond who took him out for sushi and tossed salad. I was halfway through my caprese panini before he finished the play-by-play of his night. "So, what's been up with you?" he asked.

"I think I'm tired of TJ," I said. "He just doesn't stimulate me intellectually, you know?"

"Well, he stimulates you very well in other ways," Fitz said, winking at me.

It was my turn to roll my eyes. "That's not enough, though. I need someone who can actually read a newspaper. Actually, I was hoping you could tell me who my possibilities are. I know you're a gossip whore."

He narrowed his eyes at me. "A gossip slut, darling. Watch who you're calling a whore." He contemplated his sautéed mushroom Caesar for a moment. "You know, Nate has a thing for you."

"Who?"

"Nate. Skinny goth-looking guy? Goes to Java Hut all the time? Gorgeous beyond all belief?"

"Oh, him. We've never spoken a word to each other. I didn't even know his name. How could he like me?"

Fitz pressed his palms on the table and looked hard at me. "Mel, you're a social princess around here. How could anyone not notice you?" He sat back. "He's definitely seen you around, heard you talking with other people. He definitely likes you."

I smiled and looked down at the crumbs on my plate. "Well, we'll just have to see about this," I said.

--------------------

Over the next couple weeks, I paid extra attention to Nate. I did notice that he would check me out when he thought I wasn't looking. And I noticed that he often stayed within earshot when I was chatting with people. I made an effort to make eye contact with him whenever possible. Finally, he approached me.

"Melodie, right?" he asked.

"Actually, it's Melodie Singh," I said, my feeble attempt to be funny.

"Melodie Singh? That's your real name?" he asked. I nodded. "Wow, that's cool," he said. "You know, I'm a musician. With a name like that, you could be my muse." I blushed. He asked if I wanted to go on a walk with him, and I said yes.

We walked around the city for nearly two hours, getting to know each other. He told me about his music career. He had a studio that he'd built in his backyard. He was currently finishing up an album, most of which was about his ex-fiancé who had left him at the beginning of the year. He looked at me with his gorgeous green eyes. I felt like I could talk to him about anything. I told him about my relationship with TJ, and how I wanted to get out of it. We discussed people we knew at The Java Hut. It turned out we had a lot of mutual friends. I let my eyes wander over his body, which was even more perfect close up. I wondered what it would feel like to have it thrusting and straining on top of me, and my nipples hardened under my t-shirt.

I felt my phone vibrating in my pocket. I asked Nate to excuse me for a second, and I answered it. It was none other than Fitz.

"Hey, I know a great party we can go to tonite. Where are you?"

"Downtown. Just walking around," I told him. "Well, get back to the Java Hut, and you can ride with me. Don't worry, TJ is nowhere to be found."

I hung up. "Nate, want to come to a party?" I asked. He said sure. We walked back to The Java Hut. Nate took my hand as if it were the most natural thing in the world, and not as if we'd only first spoken a couple hours ago. I wanted that hand to touch other places on my body. I wanted it to rip off my clothes and feel me up. But I didn't want to rush things.

Nate saw us coming, and he grinned at our hand-holding. "Sure, he can come, too," he shouted.

We got into the backseat. Fitz climbed behind the wheel, and Brett, another friend of ours, got in the passenger seat. There was no talking, because Fitz liked his music very loud. Nate crawled across the seat and lay down with his head in my lap. I stroked his beautiful dark hair, and he gave me a contented smile. I wanted that mouth to suck on my aching tits, to ravage my needy pussy. Just being near him and touching him was making me wet. I had to remind myself that I hardly knew this guy. I wanted so badly to lean down and kiss him...but I promised myself right then that I wouldn't kiss him tonight.

When we reached the party, we saw cop cars out in front of the house. Uh oh, this wasn't good. Fitz told us to stay in the car while he went to see what was up. Nate sat up and looked around. "Hey, that's Danny!" he said. He got out of the car and jogged over to a guy standing in the yard, watching the cops load someone else into the back of a cruiser. He talked with the guy for a couple minutes. I saw him nodding. He came back to the car.

"Hey, I'm going to get a ride home with Danny, okay love?" he said to me. I said okay. "Oh, wait, give me your arm," he said. I obliged. He took a marker out of his pocket and wrote his phone number on my skin. "Call me tomorrow, okay?" He turned and went back to his friend.

I was a little hurt, but exhilarated. He'd given me his phone number! Just then, Fitz got back in the car. "Yeah, party's over," he said looking back at me. "Hey, where'd Nate go?"

"He ran into a friend," I said.

"So, do you like him?" Fitz asked. I just grinned at him.

---------------------

I climbed into my car back at the Java Hut. All I could think of was how horny I was. I looked at the clock on the dash. 11:54. TJ would still be up.

I got to his apartment, and knocked on the door. He answered it, looking surprised to see me, but not unhappy.

"Hey, what's going on honey?" he asked.

"I just really wanted to be with you tonight," I said. I stepped inside, and he closed the door behind me. I walked down the hall to his room, and he followed. I sat on his bed, kicking my shoes off and beginning to strip off my shirt. TJ was looking at me, a little confused. I went over to him and kissed him tenderly with my eyes closed. I imagined I was kissing Nate. "I want you to make love to me, baby," I said.

Always wanting to please me, TJ didn't protest. He grabbed me around my waist and kissed me deeply, pausing to remove his shirt. I let my hands wander over his body. When I came to his crotch, I felt that his cock was already rock hard and straining to get out. Still kissing him, I undid his pants. He kicked his way out of them, and I pulled his cock out through the slit in his boxers. I sunk to my knees, and lightly swirled my tongue around the velvety warm head. He groaned and twined his fingers into my hair. I took him farther into my mouth, filling my throat with his rigid manhood. Still bobbing my head back and forth on his cock, I removed my bra and began playing with my nipples. I used one hand to cradle his balls and grab the base of his dick. My saliva coated him now. I tasted his precum, and moaned as I swallowed it. The vibrations of my voice on him made him shiver and tighten his grip on my hair. I let my free hand wander down my tummy, and lightly touched the lips of my pussy. I imagined that it was Nate's cock in my mouth, and his fingers pulling on my hair. I imagined it was him moaning in pleasure as I licked the full length of his member. I plunged my fingers into my slit, which was already wet. TJ moaned louder, and I could tell he was about to cum. I moved my wet mouth over him faster and faster. We moaned together as he came. I felt the warm cum hit the back of my throat. Nate's cum. I swallowed it greedily, and sucked every drop out of TJ's cock.

"God, baby, that was so good!" he said. I could tell he was still a little confused, but he definitely wasn't complaining.

"We're not done yet," I purred. I climbed onto his bed, and spread my legs. He clumsily wiggled out of his boxers, and scrambled onto the bed. I didn't need to tell him what to do. He spread the lips of my pussy, and started eating me out. I imagined it was Nate's tongue down there, and moaned loudly. I didn't let him eat me out for long. "Fuck me, baby. Right now," I said. "I need it so bad." His cock was already hard again. He moved his body over me, and slid his cock into my waiting, wet pussy. Slowly and gently. I still imagined that he was Nate. But I didn't think that Nate was the type of person who liked gentle sex. "Fuck me hard baby," I moaned. "I want you to bruise me." TJ raised his eyebrows in question, but didn't say anything as he slammed his hard dick into me. His hips met mine. It hurt, but in a delicious way. I didn't want it to stop. I screamed in ecstasy. TJ seemed to be getting the idea. He pulled his cock out of me, and flipped me over.

"You want it hard, I'll give it to you hard," he whispered into my ear. He got on his knees and pulled my ass up, and started fucking me from behind. Doggy style, he could go harder and faster. The friction in my pussy was mounting into sublime pleasure, and I screamed louder. I wanted to cum so bad. I reached between my legs and started rubbing my pussy as TJ continued to fuck me. My tits bounced and the bed squealed as I rubbed myself, the need to cum becoming more and more urgent. Finally, the mounting pressure let go, and a shrieked in orgasm, the muscles of my pussy contracting around TJ's cock. The tightening of my pussy made him moan loudly, and I felt his hot load shoot into me.

"Oh god, Nate," I moaned softly before I could stop myself.

"What?" TJ asked.

"Oh, I said 'Oh god, it was so great.'"

"I know, baby," TJ whispered, cuddling up to me. "I know it was."