 Ryan was trembling as he packed. To his wife and kids, he was just packing for another few days of business in Detroit. New clients had been found and Ryan, as CEO, was spending a lot of time making sure the first project went smooth. Unknown to his family, more than business had been going on the past two months. Ryan had met Summer, and a romance and affair had grown. He had seen Summer at least once every time he had been in Detroit that past 8 weeks. Sometimes more than that. Dinners, breakfast in bed, and nights spent fucking and talking instead of sleeping. They talked about their fantasies and desires. And it was just a week ago that Summer had finally told Ryan her truly private thoughts. She was a vice president, in charge of marketing. She was confident, successful, and powerful. But deep down, she wanted to give up that control. She wanted to relinquish that power. She wanted to be taken. 

Before Ryan found Summer on Ashely Madison, she used erotic stories to satisfy her imagination. Since her last affair. Literotica.com/stories was her go to site on the web. Stories about naughty massages and affairs always got her interest. But the ones she really loved to read were in the BDSM category. She didn't like the hardcore stuff. This wasn't about being whipped and made to bark like a dog. But the idea of a man, controlling her, tying her up, and ravaging her without ability to stop and direct him turned her on. She wanted a man to make give her direction. To challenge her. To push her. For the first time since discovering these feelings, she found a man she was willing to explore with. 

After a great dinner and ninety minutes of passionate sex, they recovered on the bed curled up. This was the time they were most intimate. She loved laying her head on his chest. Naked and sweaty, she could hear and feel is heart racing. And this is when she told him what she wanted to try. She stumbled as she tried to explain it. She could tell he was interested and humored. Explaining what was going through her head, he asked questions. She blushed and told him she wanted to feel powerless. She wanted to not be the one solving all the problems. Ryan smiled and pulled her close.

As he left for New York City, they exchanged a few stories that were along the lines of what turned her on. Ryan was careful to figure out what she didn't want to do, but also began to build a picture of her desires. He began to make a plan. He wanted to fulfill Summer's fantasies, but he also wanted take it slow. He crafted a plan for their evening together the following week. He stopped at a few stores in NYC and got the items he needed. He shipped the items to his hotel in Detroit - his wife would not understand.

As Ryan got to the hotel before he was meeting Summer for dinner, he picked up his package and headed to the room. He had some setup to do. He surveyed the room and was pleased his instructions were followed. This room, unlike most hotel rooms, had a 4 poster bed. Out of the box came some candles that he set up across the room. A bag of rose pedals were spread across the bed. He emptied the rest of the box and organized stuff in the top dresser drawer. He smiled and closed the drawer.

He sat down and wrote three notes. He sealed each in an envelope and put the numbers 1, 2, and 3 on the outside. He slipped those into his jacket inside pocket. A quick brush of the teeth and mouthwash, and he was ready for dinner. Ryan reminded himself that this was about pleasure, exploration, and discovery. Don't go too far. Play this right and this will pay off in the long run. 

Ryan arrived at the restaurant only to see Summer at the bar waiting for him. Dressed in a dress and killer heels, he lost his breath again. And then he reminded himself. Time to get to work. He walked up to her, put his hand on her lower back, and said hello. She turned and smiled. A gave her a hug and a kiss on the cheek. They had a firm no PDA rule - this was her hometown. They ordered two classes of champagne - their tradition to start the evening. And then he took out the first envelope. And he gave it to her. As he smiled he told her 'I took some liberties with this evening. This is the first of three envelopes. If you complete each task written inside, you will get the next envelope. At any time you want to stop, stop. Open and read please.' 

Summer realized that his tone was different. This was Ryan, the man she was falling for, but he had upped the confidence level. This wasn't a question, but a directive. She blinked and decided she would read the envelope before sassing him back. The card inside read:

We last spoke about indulging your fantasies. Tonight is the first step in making them come true. As your first time, we will go slow. Task #1 - Go to the restroom. Take off your panties. Put them in your purse. Come back. 

Summer was shocked. She knew that Ryan would do something with the fantasies she shared, but not this soon. Not this direct. But she felt it deep down. His boldness turned her on. She wanted to know what tasks two and three were. She looked at him. His eyes were alive with energy. But also a bit of wonder. He wasn't 100% sure - she could see him waiting for a response. She smiled and asked to be excused. Ryan grinned, stood up, and helped her out of her seat.

Ryan was relieved. That was the moment of truth. Now he waited for her to return. Just a few minutes later, she did. As he stood up to greet her, the hostess let them know their table was ready. Summer gave Ryan a quick hug, and he realized she subtlety slide something into the pocket inside his jacket. He realized he now had her underwear. Summer might have completed the task, but she was showing her sass. She didn't follow directions well. 

As they enjoyed their meal, the tension built. Out in public, this was two good friends having dinner. But to them, this was their time to tease and entice. Dinner was wonderful and it was time to leave. Ryan handed her the second envelope and told her - don't read this until you get into your car. Everything you need for the next step is there. At that moment, like magic, Ryan's car was at the valet. And for the first time, he didn't wait for her car to appear. 

A few minutes later, as she drove away from the valet stand, she pulled over into a parking spot. She couldn't wait to read the note. It read:

Task #2. Included is my room key. It's the same room as our first night. I will be in the same place. The difference is that when you enter the room, you will disrobe. Everything. And then present yourself for further direction.

She read it. She reread it. Holy shit she whispered. This was real. He was going to take her down the first steps of her darker thoughts and fantasies. She questioned herself for a second. Was she ready for this? And then she remembered who this was. Ryan was not going to hurt her. No whips or chains. This was about him helping her find new pleasure. Summer trusted Ryan. She squirmed in her seat - taking off her panties had set her on fire. As she put the car back onto the road, she promised herself to play along.

Ryan waited. Same place on the couch. Facing the suites double doors. Jacket hung up, tie loosened, top button undone. A glass of scotch in his hand. And he didn't have long to wait. The door open, and Summer walked in. She grinned at him and closed the door. Purse put aside. Dress shimmied to the floor. Bra released. 'Everything?' she asked. 'Everything' as she took off her shoes. And she waited. Ryan let her wait for a few seconds. "Your last envelope is on the bed" Ryan said.

What he didn't say is that it was on top of an orange box with a ribbon. Hermes. She took the envelope and opened it.

Task #3 is simple. The gift inside the box is for your eyes. Before you ask me to help you, go to the dresser. Open the top drawer. Make your choice. Put your selection on the bed. And prepare to give yourself to me.

She looked at Ryan and he realized that the real decision point of the night was about to come. She opened the box and loved the scarf - one of the new Maxi Twillys. Oblong and over 7 feet long. Now she realized this was her blindfold for the evening. But the top drawer of dresser was far more interesting. Three piles. The first a bundle of rope. The second a pair of handcuffs. And the third a stack of folded silk scarves. Then she understood. Ryan was making her decide which of the three he would use to bind her. She had mentioned all three in her fantasies. He wanted to see how far she was willing to go, and how fast. 

Knowing that this was the first of many adventures, she picked up the stack of scarves. She put them on the bed. He smiled and kissed her - a full embrace. She loved that he held nothing back. She could feel every muscle move when he kissed her. Their affair was much more than sex. And it was about to go to the next step.

He stopped the kiss and grabbed the new scarf. He looked into her eyes and said 'I won't hurt you. If you want to stop, say Green Apple' and moved behind her. He double looped the blindfold and tied it snug. He helped her to the bed. First the right foot. A loop tied to the ankle, and then to the bedpost. He moved and kissed her. Then the left foot. Another kiss and a caress of the breast. Then the left hand. A deeper kiss and his hand slide down her body until it just teased her. He asked 'are you ready for the last?' and she barely whispered a yes. The right hand tied. She was now his. 

Ryan spent the next hour teasing her. Touching her. She felt another piece of silk on her nipples. The cold of ice along her body. He brought her to the verge of an orgasm with his hands and tongue more than once. Just as she could not take it much more, she felt his finger slide inside her rear. This set her off - and she bucked against the scarves in complete ecstasy. She felt herself release and gush. He continue to lick up her cum ... and then suddenly slide his cock deep inside her. Ryan fucked Summer. Hard and fast. He wanted the orgasm to build into another. He wanted Summer to feel the complete loss of control. That was her fantasy. To have her walls broken down and to be at the mercy of someone else. As Ryan worked up to his own orgasm, he heard Summer scream his name. His goal reached, he let go and came deep inside her.

Quickly, Ryan untied her four limbs. Then the blindfold. He held her close and looked into her eyes. They were on fire. There was no fear. Just excitement. Her first fantasy fulfilled, she was ready for more. Ryan was not surprised when she was holding the scarves and said 'Now, my turn.'