 When I walked into the room I couldn't help but notice her. She stood like a dancer – standing straight, her feet slightly out, and her shoulders back. Her small breasts rode proudly on her chest. Her short brown hair cropped close made her look a little like a pixie. When she turned to look my way I was stunned by her beauty. Aquiline features, large brown eyes and a mouth with a slight smile to it. She starred at me briefly, smiled, and turned back to her conversation. I knew then that I needed to meet her and more. Then I looked at the rest of her. She was wearing a plain dark blue business suit and blouse and in modest heals. Her legs were shapely and well toned. Stunning woman. 

Clearly I was not the only one that noticed. She was entirely surrounded by every horn dog in the organization.

My name is John Taylor and I was the new guy. I had been associated with this service club for several years, having garnered enough respect from my fellow club members to make me first the treasurer and then president of our club. In those roles I mixed with the district wigs and thus when the opportunity opened for district treasurer, I was nominated. Politics being what they are in service clubs, I ran unopposed. This was my first full board meeting since the election. 

The gong rang and the meeting was called to order with the president calling for everyone to get settled in the chairs. I went up to the dais and found my chair – it was easy – my name was on a placard that also read District Treasurer. I felt a movement behind me and the stunning woman excused herself and then settled in next to me. I looked at her placard – Sue Alt – District Recording Secretary. She turned to me smiled and said "hello – I'm Sue" with a voice that sent shivers directly to my crotch. I responded in kind and the meeting started.

It lasted all day with coffee and lunch breaks. I didn't have much time to speak to her except brief comments back and forth about the topic at hand. As hard as I tried to sit next to her during lunch she sat at a full table. My turn came after lunch and I made the presentation on budget and finance. When I sat down she leaned over and commented "very good for your first time with this bunch" and smiled. I thanked her. She smiled back.

The president suspended the meeting until the next day and we each packed up the papers in front of us. I asked Sue if she had plans for dinner as we were on our own. She said no, but she felt obligated to go to the hospitality suite and mingle.

"Meet me there and we can discuss it then." And she turned and left.

I went to my room and dropped off the papers and changed into something more casual. There was a connecting door to the next room, closed and locked of course. 

I went down to the suite and there were all the district officers each with a drink in their hand. A couple of minutes later Sue walked in. She stopped everyone. She had on a red plaid workman's shirt, untucked and tied at her midriff, a pair of tight jeans and sneakers. 

"Can I get you something to drink?" I asked.

"Sure – rum and coke! Thanks"

I brought her the drink and participated in a nonsense conversation about people in the district I hadn't met as yet. I was beginning to feel like a fifth wheel.

"You don't really know about these people do you?" she asked suddenly.

"Sadly or happily, remains to be seen, no I don't. Should I?"

She laughed and her whole face lit up. It was throaty and deep.

"No you don't need to. Listen John, I would love to go to dinner, lets see if we can arrange for a table full and you can get to know this group. They really are nice and worth the effort. Besides, how do I know you're not an axe murderer or something?" She had this twinkle in her eye.

"I never went that far" I retorted, "and they let me out for good behavior!"

That got another one of those throaty laughs and a smile. She was looking into my eyes and I could tell she was changing her mind.

"Let's make it just you and me instead." She grabbed my hand and said goodnight to everyone indicating she was going to take me to dinner and tell me all the dirty secrets about district without interruption from the likes of them. All had a good chuckle as we left.

We decided that the hotel fair was good enough and settled into a booth. I learned she worked for a bank in Lowell, MA as a branch administrator (she called it chief cook and bottle washer). She had joined the service club because of her employer's wish to have their key employees give back to the community and had gotten deeply involved. She said one of the things she was most proud of was becoming a district officer.

As we talked I couldn't help but notice her. Her facial expressions, her hands as she spoke, her smile and laugh at my wry sense of humor. As we were having desert she surprised me.

"You married John? You re way too nice to be single."

"I sort of am. We are separated for about a year now and I have asked my lawyer to push forward with a divorce. So, legally yes, practically no. And are you?"

"Funny, nobody ever asked me. I have had a couple of longer term relationships but nothing stuck long enough to go down the isle."

I was staring at her and she was staring back. A signal passed between us.

"Look, don't take this the wrong way, but I have a nice mini-bar in my room – want a nightcap?"

"And how should I take it?" she quipped back.

"I am offering a new friend a drink and that is all."

"You don't lie very well, do you?"

"I don't lie at all."

"Well then, you have told me you're not an axe murderer and that you know how to behave well enough for them to let you out, and you don't lie. So I guess I could accept!"

We both laughed and it felt wonderful. She was not only charming and beautiful, but had a spicy independence to her that I have always loved in a woman. And when she laughed everything around her seemed to be happy.

I settled for dinner and we strolled to the elevator. 

"Floor please!" she intoned in elevator as we entered.

"Six please" I responded.

"Hah, me too. I'm going to make a stop beforehand. These jeans are a little too tight. And don't grin at me like that – I am telling you the truth – they are too tight!"

"Uh – huh" was all I said and kept the grin on my face.

The door opened on the sixth floor and we both went down the hall in the same direction. 

"What room are you in?" she asked.

"624"

"Hah – I'm in 623, right next door! Now that's a coincidence!"

Her room was first and she let herself in telling me she would knock first.

I entered my room and noticed that the connecting door was to her room. Now that's nice I thought.

A couple of minutes later I heard a knock and went to the door. There was nobody there. She knocked again and I realized it was the connecting door. I unlocked it and opened to reveal her standing there. She was still in the work shirt and jeans. I just stood there and stared, no ogled at her. She looked right back into my eyes and she had a small smile on her lips. 

"Hey – can a girl get a drink in here?" she laughed to break the ice.

"Sure – what's your poison?"

"You sure do have a short memory or you weren't paying attention. Rum and coke please."

"Well let's just say that I was shocked and stunned by your entrance and had a lapse! I thought the jeans were too tight." I handed her the drink and poured one for myself.

"A lady has to keep on her armor lest the knight get the wrong impression!"

"OK, so what is the right impression?"

"Are you really that dense or am I getting the wrong idea here?"

"Oh no, you are getting the signals I'm sending. You are beautiful, charming, sensual as hell and I am compelled to say that I am very attracted to you. I had two thoughts when I first saw you. Clear enough?"

"Thank you for the straightening that out for me. And what were the two thoughts."

"I wanted to get to know you."

"That's only one. And the second?"

"Um, let's say I wanted to get to know you very well!"

"Nice! Well I had a couple of thoughts also!"

"And they were?"

"Who is the tall, dark and handsome eye candy – must be the new treasurer."

"And the second?"

"I'm not telling. I am not sure I want you to know right now. John I hardly know you. This is nice, you really do flirt well, you're smart as was evidenced by your presentation, you handle yourself in a crowd and have good manners. You can carry on a conversation of depth and make your points clear, and you're not bad to look at. And, especially after this lovely dinner and drink, I find you very attractive." 

She had rested back on the dresser top with her legs crossed and the drink in her hand. 

"Sounds like a resume. I can take a hint" I said "and I understand the word no. I may not like it, but I get it!"

"Look – don't take it wrong. I'm not sure what I'm doing right now. I do know I am having a little difficulty breathing and no, I am not sick. I haven't felt like this in years. Truthfully you make me very nervous!"

"I make you nervous? About what? What have I done to make you feel that way? I really have tried to do the opposite!"

"You have succeeded beyond your dreams." She put her drink down and walked over to me. Taking my head in her hands she reached up and kissed me lightly and tenderly. I wrapped my arm around her and pulled her to me. With my other I pressed her head into another kiss. This one was passionate and long. 

"Shit you kiss good" she said and pulled me in for another and then another. This time our mouths were open and our tongues were exploring each other. I could feel her body trembling as it leaned harder against me. She had to know I was excited because my very hard dick was between us and she was crushing her pelvis against it.

Our hands started to explore the rest of us as we continued our passionate kiss. I finally broke for air and kissed her neck and ear. 

"Ohhhhhh that's nice" she groaned. I turned her around and pulled her to me. I continued to nibble at her ear and neck. My hands came around and cupped her breasts gently squeezing and rubbing them. I could tell she was braless. She responded by rubbing her ass against my bulge.

"Ohhhhhhh mmmmyyyyyyy" continued as her hands came above her head and around my neck giving me more access to her body. I slowly untied the shirt and unbuttoned it exposing her pert tits to me. I played with her nipples getting an increasing number of moans and more pressure on my dick. She released one of her arms and reached between us gripping my dick. As I continued to massage her tits and nipples, she stroked me up and down the full length.

"You seem to have a problem here" she whispered between moans. She turned around and I helped her from her shirt leaving her bare to the waist. She smiled up at me and began to unbutton mine. With the release of each new button she would sneak her hand inside and caress my chest or pinch my nipples sending shocks to my groin and pleasure to my head. She pulled out the tails and, just as I had done moments before, rolled it off my shoulders and on to the floor. 

She didn't stop there. She undid my belt, opened my pants clip and unzipped me.

"Let's give this big boy some breathing room" she said as she pushed my pants and briefs to the floor with her hands and feet leaving my dick sticking up at attention. 

"Oh what a nice cock you have" and she wrapped her small hand around as far as she could go. Now I am not what one would call large, but I am about 9 inches in length and about 4 or 5 around. She wet her other hand with her tongue and added that to my dick as well. I leaned in and began to kiss her again using my tongue to tickle her throat.

I reached down and unhooked her jeans and, with some difficulty pushed them and her panties over her hips. I bent over so as not to have her lose her grip on my cock and helped her step out of them and managed mine as well. There we were, in the middle of my room, naked. We where in a passionate embrace, she was stroking me and I had begun to find her passion buttons. When I got to her clit and pressed, she gripped my dick and shivered. She had a small orgasm and I could feel her wetness seep from the folds of her pussy. I pressed a finger in to open her and release more of her juices. 

"Ohhhh God don't stop. Please don't stop. I have never wanted anyone like this! Just make love to me!"

I gently guided her to the bed and she fell backwards landing flat on her back with her legs wide open. She was the most sensual, wanton woman I had ever seen and I could not control my own desire any longer. I bent down between her legs and kissed my way up the inside of her thighs to her pussy. I gently used my tongue to clean away her cum and licked and sucked on each of her labia. The heat coming from her was intense and she worked her hands into my hair and pulled me deeper. I spread her open and slipped my tongue as deep as I could. 

"Uuuugggggghhhhhhhhhhhh" She shuddered and came again. This time I was already there and sucked and licked it all from her. She pulled me up onto the bed and rotated herself and straddled my head so we both had genitals to look at. I once again began to eat, lick and suck her labia and her clit, tongue fucking her. She began to lick me as well. First the tip and then down the shaft and then my balls. When she finally came back to the tip and took me into her mouth she maintained constant pressure as she bobbed up and down driving me deeper and deeper until I was all the way down her throat. When she released after holding me there she had another orgasm, this one bigger than the others combined and covered my face. She immediately pressed me back into her throat. I couldn't hold out any longer. "I'm going to come" I moaned. "I want you to come in my mouth" she moaned back. She backed off so my tip was surrounded by her lips and, as I ejaculated, she swallowed as fast as she could.

"Hmmmmmm you taste good" she muttered after I had finally stopped spurting. But she didn't let up. She played with my balls and continued one of the best blowjobs in history until I was hard as a rock. She lifted up and rotated again this time straddling my thighs. My dick was resting at her entrance.

"This was my second thought" she said and pressed down driving me deep into her pussy in one stroke. She moaned in pleasure and stopped as she adjusted to my size. 

"You really know how to fill a girl. You feel just perfect!" She began with a slow rhythmic up and down using her pussy lips to stroke the full length of my dick. I could feel the soft inside of her pussy all around my dick, caressing it gently, coaxing it to deliver. When I was most of the way deep inside her my tip could feel the opening to her cervix. With a little lift of my hips I pushed it gently in. She was shaking now. Her legs moving of their own will and her breathing ragged.

I lifted my hips and rolled her onto her back. Now in control, I grabbed her ankles and pushed them as far apart as she could. She rocked her hips upward so her pussy opened even wider. I plunged in all the way penetrating deep into her. She came almost immediately. This time I didn't stop. I kept it up right through the orgasm. As I continued faster and harder she went from one orgasm to another in quick succession never coming down. Her head was thrashing left and right and her hands were digging into my shoulders.

"Please hurry. I can't take much more of this. Ohhhhhh fuck. " she screamed as we both approached an incredible place – the small death of orgasm that only comes with total abandon and ultimate passion. I pushed in as deep as I could, all the way into her cervix and came. I don't think I have ever produced so much cum. I filled every crevice of her. She exploded in her final orgasm soaking her pussy and my cock with so much fluid that it leaked along the side and out onto the sheets.

We collapsed from sheer sexual exhaustion. When I rolled over and my cock come from inside her, the combined cum poured from her enlarged opening leaving a large wet spot. We rested for a short time.

"You couldn't possibly sleep in this mess – come to my room." she said. It wasn't a question or an order, just a great idea. Slowly we made our way through the connecting doors and into her bed. She curled up next to me with her arm over my chest and her head on my shoulder. She was asleep almost instantly. I was right behind her.

To be continued...