 All characters in all of my stories are 18.


*****

Shannon wasn't even a boy's name, but that was his name. I don't know what kind of parents thought naming a boy Shannon was a good idea, but he seemed to handle it well. I don't know what made me notice him that first day, but he seemed to be the only person at Orange Grove High School that wasn't fake. In the heart of Florida, there weren't too many genuine people, especially kids our age. We were seniors that year and I was pissed off that my parents had pulled me out of school and moved me across the country to this humid climate.

I was horny all the time and as I looked around the classroom I wondered how many of the other students were feeling the same way that I was. I could feel my pussy twitching as I anticipated what it would feel like to have someone really touch it. I'd had sex a few times back home before I was forced to move to Florida. I watched Shannon as he lifted up the book he was reading. I could see the book that he had placed behind his textbook to make it look like he was reading the text. The book behind the textbook looked like some kind of comic book. Shannon was a total nerd, buried in a comic book, completely oblivious to the fact that my pussy was dripping.

I watched him for the first week I was there, observing his strange behaviors. He seemed to do all of the schoolwork quickly and then turned his attention to his comic books. The teachers seemed to leave him alone, and the students did too. He seemed like the loneliest person in the whole school. My pussy ached for him. I looked at his thick glasses, his skinny body, and I wondered what he looked like naked. I don't know why I thought he was so sexy, but there was just something about him that I liked. I wanted him but he was so out of touch with the world that he hardly noticed the way I looked at him. He barely noticed I existed.

By the end of my first week, I was friends with the popular crowd. I was a fairly energetic girl who made friends easily. At my old school, I had been popular and on the cheer squad. Here, I made friends easily and I knew that dating Shannon would mean social destruction for me. These kids were shallow. Nerdy, reclusive guys weren't exactly the hottest thing in the world. Except, every night when I fucked myself I thought of Shannon, the way he pushed his glasses up onto his nose, the way his mouth pulled to one side when he read his comics, the way his eyes stared through my soul when he actually looked at me. I wanted his nerdy cock and I was going to get it. I didn't care about the other kids or being popular. My pussy wanted what it wanted and I was going to get it.

I caught him coming out of the locker room one day. I walked beside him and he gave me a sideways glance, not sure what it was that I wanted. He seemed untrusting, like every kid who had ever talked to him had fucked with his head.

"Hi there, I know we haven't officially met, but I'm Hanna. I moved here from Colorado a few weeks ago. I think you're really sexy," I told him, hoping he would get my hint that I liked him.

"Hi, Hanna. I'm Shannon. Look, I'm not really the kind of person that talks with popular kids, you know?"

"I'm not popular. I just got to this school and I think you are the most interesting person in it. I think you're sexy. I want to hang out...you know, and get to know you better." I smiled a nasty smile, hoping he would get that I wanted to fuck him. I wasn't sure if he did, but he did crack a bit of a smile that gave me hope.

"You want to hang out?" he asked, surprised.

"Yeah. Maybe we can mess around too. Make out and stuff. Sound fun?"

"You want to make out with me?" he asked.

"Yes!" I turned to him and kissed him, right there in the hallway where everyone could see me doing it. I instantly heard the shit-talking. I heard people whispering as our kiss lingered on.

"Wow," he said when I pulled away. "Let's hang out right now."

"Where should we go?" I asked.

"I know a private spot," he grabbed my hand and led me through a maze of hallways. I was still new to the school and I have no idea where we ended up, but it was an empty room with a door that closed. He pulled me inside and shut the door. He pushed me up against one of the concrete walls and his mouth covered mine. I kissed him back, finally getting what I wanted. My hand moved to his crotch and I cupped his cock with my hand around his slim-cut jeans. 

"Oh, Hanna!" he moaned as I tried to unbutton his pants and pull his cock out. He assisted me until I had his bare cock in my hand. My mouth dropped open in shock. Nerdy, reclusive Shannon had the biggest cock I had ever seen in my entire life. I dropped to my knees and tried to wrap my mouth around it. I'd sucked a few cocks before but this was a challenge. I had never tried to suck on a cock so thick before. I could barely get it in my mouth but I tried my best to force it down my throat.

I don't know why I loved sucking his cock so much but it was the best cock sucking experience of my life. I enjoyed the way that his cock worked in and out of my throat. I enjoyed the way that I choked on it and I felt like such a slut serving a nerdy cock like his the way the I was.

"You look so good sucking me like this," his voice was breathy and I knew I was making him feel good. I wondered if I should just keep it to a blowjob but I worried that this might be my only chance to fuck him and I wanted to make it count. I stood up and pulled down my panties and lifted my skirt. I turned around in front of him and bent over.

"Oh my God! Your ass is gorgeous," he told me. "Can I fuck you?"

"Please! Fuck me! Please, Shannon!"

"Okay!" he agreed and he tried his hardest to push that thick cock into my tight, little pussy. I had never had a cock that big up inside of me, but I pushed back, willing his cock to find its way in. I needed this big cock inside of me. I needed his nerdy cock. Something inside of me was throbbing with lust, pushing me to take that cock. I grabbed my ass cheeks and pulled them apart for him, opening my hole up further for him. His cock slipped inside of me, pushing past the darkness and into the depths of my cunt.

I let out a wild noise, the kind that only big cocks make girls make. He went slowly at first, and every movement of his thick dick made me feel things I had never felt. I had never known it was possible to feel the way I was feeling with a nerdy guy like Shannon. Now I understood what it was about him that had drawn me to him. Somehow I had known that he was packing a huge cock in those boxer briefs. He was moving faster now, fucking deeper and harder until my body was trembling. I held onto my ankles, trying to keep my balance and trying not to scream.

I lost that battle as I finally came, my pussy is spasms as my legs buckled beneath me. He was holding me up by my pussy, his cock stabbing me and lifting me up with every thrust. I was screaming wildly, pulling at my own hair and scratching my own body with my fake nails. I was cumming harder than I had ever cum before but Shannon didn't seem like he was going to stop.

I could hear him grunting with every thrust and I wondered how he had gotten so good at fucking. I wondered how many girls had been fucked by his perfect cock and how they had survived it. I had cum so much that I was completely drained. I felt like I was going to die and yet he was still pounding me, still using my pussy with his thick, nerd dick.

"I'm going to cum Hanna. Where do you want it?"

"In my pussy!" I screamed. I knew that I wanted a creampie to remember Shannon by, just in case this was our one and only adventure. I couldn't assume that I would get this perfect cock again and so I took his cum up inside of me, listening to Shannon's groans of pleasure as he emptied his balls. It felt so good to get used by his nerdy cock. When he was finished, he pulled out of me. Instantly, cum began to drip down my legs. I felt like such a slut when I stuck a finger in the cum stream and then lifted it to my lips for a taste.

"Your cum tastes good. I should have taken it in my mouth," I said regretfully.

"Well, I'm sure I have another load I can put in your mouth if you want. But I think we should get out of here for now, maybe go to my place after school," Shannon suggested.

"Your place?"

"Yeah, my mom works late so I have the whole house to myself. You free, Hanna?"

"Yes, I'm free."

"Hanna, please don't tell anyone that we are fucking, okay? I don't want to ruin my reputation."

"Your reputation?" I laughed. He had to know he was a nerd, right?

"Yeah, everyone thinks I'm that weird kid that doesn't talk to anyone."

"You are that weird kid that never talks to anyone, though," I laughed nervously.

"Yes, I know. I want to keep it that way. That way I can get away with fucking the hottest girl in school without anyone ever finding out."

"What if I want people to know?" I asked.

"Please, Hanna. If you want this nerdy dick, you're going to have to play by my rules."

"Which are?"

"No telling anyone we are fucking. I want this to be a secret."

"Okay. I won't tell anyone."

"Awesome. Perfect, Hanna. Let me give you my address. I'll see you today after school. We can't walk together or people will know so just come alone, okay?"

"Okay..." He was dressed and he opened the door and left without even saying good-bye. He was so weird but with a cock like that I wasn't going to rock the boat. I would keep our affair a secret and I would get to keep fucking his cock. It was worth it. My reputation would still be intact and I would get that perfect, nerdy cock too. Not a bad first week at my new school.