 I am not so stupid that I believed Stan. He was saying sweet things and saying all the right words just so he could get in my pants. I had known for a long time Stan wanted to get some of my ass. I don't know why. I am not pretty, I am a little over weight and my tits are not as firm as they once were. So why did Stan want to screw me. Hell I don't know but I did not care either. My husband had not wanted me for a long time so I let Stan think he was getting to me with his sweet words. But, hell on this one warm summer day I would have fucked a dog. I was horny, I was thinking of days gone by when I got screwed every day and twice on Sunday. Oh, yes there had been a day when my husband had wanted me all the time and I gave it to him whenever he wanted it day or night anytime. I also gave him what ever he wanted, I would suck him off when ever he wanted. I let him screw me in my ass when he wanted that too. I was so happy back then I would have done anything for him and I did. However, that was more than a few years ago. So here I was on a hot summer day, letting my husbands best friend walk me toward the bedroom. Stan had come over and some how things got started and I let him go on. I did not care. Stan had slipped his hand up my dress and found I was not wearing panties. He then said, He wanted to lick my pussy, so I let him get between my legs and lick me to a climax right there on the living room sofa. Then when he stood in front of me and showed me his hard-on I was happy to suck it for him. He was a nice guy and he had a nice cock. It was hard enough and that was all I cared about today. He will think he is some kind of lover when this is over but he had little to do with it. He just happen to be here on the day I decided to get laid. Stan had his hand around me and up under my dress. He had a good strong grip on my ass. I wondered it Stan knew how I would enjoy the feel of his cock in my ass. Oh, well we will see how good he is after he gets some of my pussy.

I quickly removed my dress and bra. I was naked on the bed by the time Stan got his pants off. He came up along side of me taking my tits in his mouth. I thought, Christ, Stan just fuck me the hell with the foreplay. I took hold of his cock, it was hard but not a extra large if you know what I mean. I think Stan got the idea in a hurry about then. He rolled over on top of me. I spread my legs wide open for him and he drove it all the way home on the first try. I was wet from his licking me to a climax and I was ready. I was bucking up to meet him on every down ward push. He was not too bad in the saddle. Then I noticed he was getting larger I started to feel him more. Some times a good hard cock is better than a large soft one. Stan was getting really hard. He hooked my left leg with his right arm and pulled my ass up higher. He was pounding me fast and deep I felt like I was full of cock. He was growing as he worked faster. I had never known a guy like this. He cock was growing and it was going deeper and deeper. It was almost too big now, I started to feel a bit uncomfortable. I screamed Stan, take it easy your getting too big, don't hurt me. Stan slowed down and held himself up off me so he would not go in so deep. I said, " God, all mighty Stan you got a hell of a cock." He smiled and there came a little laugh. But he did slow down and was now just letting the head pop in and out of my slippery wet cunt. This teasing was getting to me and I moaned as I cum again. It did not start down and work it way up like most of the time.

This climax was there all of a sudden, I jerked and felt him once again drive a little deeper and that felt so good, I started to cum all over again. I was having two climaxes back to back. I was wiggling and jerking uncontrollable under him Then I felt his body stiffen and he laid flat on me sinking that huge cock to the bottom of my soul. What a flood of hot cum it filled me up till it run out of my pussy.

I had never felt a man cum like that before. Stan came to a stop and rolled off me. I could not wait to look at his cock. Oh, my god, it was thick now, and longer. I had never seen nor felt a cock grow like that and Stan knew just how to control it to make me climax. He was one hell of a lover. Now I was thinking Oh, Stan were your words just words or would like to come by and fuck me every chance you get.

Later as we stepped out of the shower I dropped to my knees and started to suck his now much smaller cock. ""Peggy, you're a wonder fuck and I love the way you suck cock, but I have to go. But Peggy, I want to see you again, can I do that?"

I stood still wanting to hold his cock in my mouth. But I said, "Stan you can call me any time you know when Tom works, come by or I'll meet you at your place if you want."

"Sure Peggy, your great and I will see you soon."

Stan left me with a kiss and a promise to call me the next afternoon. Well that was over two weeks ago and I am still waiting. I still dream of Stan and that cock that grows like none other I had ever seen. But even if he never comes back I still have a memory of one hell of an afternoon.