 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

Note: If you haven't already, read the previous chapters of That New Guy, which are prequels to this story. 

*

Meg had no idea that Deb was out fucking Jake that evening since she'd never managed to share the news that she had fucked him that afternoon. Thinking that she had the upper hand, she got an idea of how to retain the advantage that she was assuming she still had. It ended up being a perfect evening for it since her roommate had plans and was going to be gone for a few hours. This gave Meg reign of the condo rather than requiring her to hole up in her bedroom and, ultimately, having her roommate asking what the heck she was up to in there. As she was waiting for her roommate to take off, she was going through her closet and her dresser drawers looking for what she considered to be the perfect outfits to display her figure and show off her breasts. She then made sure the batteries in her digital camera had sufficient juice left in them and that the memory card was nowhere close to full. She figured it would be easier to download photos from the camera and the quality would be better than if she used her phone or the camera built into her laptop.

She'd decided that, if she could get to Jake early the following day, share some sexy photos with him and leave them with him, she would then be two up on Deb. Once her roommate was gone, she stripped naked, checked herself in the mirror for any imperfections and, finding none, slipped into the first outfit for him. Over the next couple of hours, she'd pull on a very sexy outfit then photograph herself as she slowly stripped it off. She did this with a black cocktail dress with black bra and thong panties under it, her sexiest bikini under a sarong and a bustier with garters holding up a pair of stockings over which she was wearing a matching g-string. By the time she took the last photo, she was so worked up that she just lay naked in the middle of her bed, humping her fingers and stroking her clit. After a minute or two, she grabbed her camera and took a few shots of that, as well.

Once she'd cum and recovered from the intensity of her orgasm, she connected her camera to her laptop, transferred all of the photos, then decided which ones were keepers. As she went through all of them, she found herself getting worked up again, not just thinking about sharing them with Jake, but also just by looking at the photos of herself. She figured if she could get herself aroused looking at her own naked and semi-naked body, the photos would have a tremendous effect when she showed them to Jake the next day. She found very few that she didn't think were worthy of sharing and copied the rest to a flash drive. As they were transferring, she got up and grabbed her vibrator from its hiding spot. To confirm that the transfer was completely successful, she went through all of the photos on the flash drive while caressing her clit with her vibrator and pumping it in and out of her dripping pussy. She made herself cum several times before she got through all of the photos again and, not only felt certain that they'd have the intended effect, but had a good idea of how much time she'd need to go through them with him. When she went to bed later that night, she felt supremely satisfied, both sexually and with how her plan was going to unfold the next morning.

She was dressed relatively conservatively as she headed toward his cubicle with her flash drive in hand. Given what she was about to reveal to him, there was no reason to try to show him anything in person.

"Hi, have you got a few minutes," she asked brightly as she entered his cubicle. She'd given some thought to positioning herself so that no one could see his screen but the two of them so she assumed what she had determined to be the best position as she handed him the flash drive, "Plug this in. I want to show you something."

She assumed control of his mouse and found the folder she wanted, then started a slide show. Even though her flesh and blood tits were just inches from his face, sufficiently covered of course, his attention was 100% on his computer monitor. As image after image of Meg in various states of dress and undress flashed by, his cock was stiffening within his khakis and Meg did not fail to notice it. She reached down, at first just caressing it through his slacks, but soon felt safe enough to extract it and start stroking it right there in his cubicle. Feeling his stiff cock in her hand and watching the images of herself on his monitor, she could feel herself getting wet but hadn't considered that she'd need some relief when she'd developed her plan. Of course, she hadn't planned on providing him any relief, either, but she couldn't resist once she'd noticed his bulging slacks. She figured a stop in the ladies' room would be in order once they were finished and not just to wash her hands.

She could feel his cock growing thicker the longer she pumped it and the longer they viewed her photos. She was feeling a strong urge to just bend over and wrap her lips around it but she knew there was no way to do that safely and the thought of trying to go somewhere to do it just didn't seem feasible. When he reached for a couple of coffee shop napkins that were sitting nearby on his desk, she assumed that he was close to cumming. She maintained her gentle stroking right up to the point when he softly gasped and she felt warm fluid on her fingers. She glanced down to see the last few weak spurts into the napkins he was holding near his cock and felt like she was nearly on the verge of cumming herself. As his cock began to soften once he was fully spent, she released it but didn't wipe off her hand.

"That flash drive is yours," she told him, "but I trust that you realize that, if I find out you're sharing those photos, you won't be seeing the real thing ever again."

"Of course," he replied, still staring at the screen.

"And don't view them full-screen here where anyone can walk up behind you and see them," she suggested, clicking his mouse so that the slide show went away.

Realizing that she was about to walk away, he quickly cleaned himself up and tucked his spent cock away.

"Thank you," he said softly, staring openly at her tits. She wondered if he had any idea what color her eyes were, then realized that she didn't care. She walked away, heading directly for the ladies' room and was pleased to find it unoccupied. She slipped into a stall and quickly had her skirt up and her panties down. She spread her legs and both hands delved down between them, a finger from one slipping right into her pussy and several from the other starting to massage her clit. She sucked in her breath, glad that no one was there to hear it, then just focused on the pleasure that was surging through her. She had no desire to draw this out and, because she'd gotten good and worked up in Jake's cubicle, there wasn't much chance of doing that, anyway. She just tried to keep any noises she was making under control in case anyone walked in while she was in the middle of doing herself. Not that she really cared if someone knew that one of her coworkers was taking care of herself in a stall as long as that someone didn't figure out that it was her.

She could feel herself tensing up as the level of pleasure continued to build up higher and higher. When she finally went over the edge, there was a bit of a gasp, but still no one there to hear it. She managed not to moan as her orgasm coursed through her and her body shook and twitched. It wasn't as long and intense as her orgasms the previous night, but it was still highly satisfying and a welcome relief. She sat there for another moment once she'd finished cumming, just catching her breath and recovering. When she finally exited the stall and was washing her hands, somebody else finally entered the room and she was relieved that it wasn't somebody she knew well enough to chitchat with. She just wanted to get back to her desk and revel in the status of being two up on Deb.