 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

Note: If you haven't already, read the previous chapters of That New Guy, which are prequels to this story. 

*

By the time Meg arrived at work the next morning, she had new plan to wrest any power she'd lost back from Deb. She'd planned and rethought her outfit for the day several times as she'd been working on the plan so that she had something that was acceptable from H.R.'s standpoint yet flexible enough that she could use it to her advantage. To that end, she'd worn a sexy bra that revealed a substantial amount of her ample cleavage, not unlike the one Deb had been wearing the previous day, though she was not aware of that. Over the sexy bra she wore a very conservative, short-sleeved sweater that buttoned up the front. She'd debated wearing stockings with a garter belt but figured that, given how warm the weather was, it would look too suspicious and she didn't want to hide out from Deb all day. The panties were not all that important since, at the key moments, she didn't plan to have them on. Given that part of the plan, she selected a pair that would be easy to slip off and slip back on.

Once she was at the office, she probably spent more time than was necessary arranging a stack of papers so that she could drop them with maximum effect after she'd spent the entire drive to work practicing quickly unbuttoning the top buttons of her sweater. Her entire plan was well choreographed so she headed for Jake's desk to put it in motion.

"Good morning," she said, holding the stack of papers over her ample chest.

"Good morning," he replied, his eyes darting quickly back and forth from her face to the stack of papers she was clutching.

"Listen, I was just wondering..." she started before executing a smooth, accidental-looking distribution of her papers all over the floor of his cubicle.

As his attention dropped to the mess on the floor, she quickly unbuttoned several of the top buttons of her sweater, then squatted down to start picking up her papers. Even if he wasn't that bright, at least he was helpful, dropping immediately to his knees to assist her. When he finally looked up to hand her some of the papers she'd dropped, he almost dropped them again when he got a look at her exposed cleavage. She took the papers from him and leaned forward to pick up more, ensuring that he got the absolute best view possible of her tits and the sexy bra barely encasing them. As she'd expected, she ended up picking up almost all of the papers because he refused to look down toward the floor again once he'd had a look into her sweater. Little did he know that she had one more thing to show him.

"Did any of them go under your desk?" she asked and he forced his gaze from her tits, ducking his head lower to take a look. As he was doing that, she changed her position so that, still squatting, her legs were spread apart. When he turned back, head still down, he was staring right at her dark brown landing strip. She gave him a moment to stare, then clamped her legs together and stood up, quickly buttoning her sweater back up, too.

"Uh, no, uh, none under there," he finally said as he got up off the floor.

"Thanks, anyway," she replied, "So, as I was saying, I was wondering if you were free for lunch today. I can drive, since you're familiar with my car...and the things that can happen in it. I'll meet you out front at noon."

She walked away without giving him an opportunity to respond. He stared at her ass until it was out of sight, then noticed he was pitching a tent in his trousers, so he sat down quickly and rolled under his desk. She definitely ended up aroused by the encounter, as well, but even as she was putting her panties back on, she didn't touch her aching clit. She did carefully go over everything she planned to do once she had him alone. She didn't want to leave him any room to try to take the reins; she was planning to assure that the power still remained firmly in her hands. She went over the route and the location, a secluded place where several guys had tried to get their hands on her tits and not all of them had been successful. Jake was going to be more successful than he was aware of, though.

When noon arrived, she found him already waiting in front of the building and beckoned for him to follow her to her car. He wisely did not try anything during the drive but knew based on her actions that, if he accepted that she intended to take the lead, she'd lead him someplace that would make him very happy. He was neither incorrect nor disappointed when, upon arriving at a secluded spot that he was not unfamiliar with, she asked him to recline his seat. She immediately undid his belt and opened his pants, then started to slide them down as he lifted his ass to allow her to do so. She briefly pumped his cock and, as he was thinking she might lower her head to wrap her lips around it, she instead climbed over to straddle him. She hiked her skirt up to her waist, revealing that she'd removed her panties again, and guided his tool toward the narrow strip of dark brown fur that surrounded her pussy. As she lowered herself onto his cock and it was engulfed in her hot, slippery pussy, they both moaned. She started to slowly ride him as he reached up to caress her boobs through her sweater.

Feeling the sexy bra beneath her sweater and remembering how hot it had looked that morning, he started to unbutton her sweater to expose it. When he reached the last button, he held the sweater open and watched as her tits bounced each time she came down on his cock. He was transfixed briefly before he remembered that he could release her tits from her bra and watch them bounce freely, as well as caress the soft, smooth flesh again. He reached back to unfasten her bra, then raised it up over her tits, his gaze fixed on the bouncing flesh and her large areolas and hard nipples. He just watched for a moment while enjoying the feel of her hot, slippery pussy sliding up and down his throbbing tool. She dropped a hand down to stroke her clit as she was riding him, not worrying about hiding her pussy from his view behind her hand because she knew his attention would be fully on her tits.

She was savoring having a cock inside her and could feel an orgasm building pretty quickly, though the anticipation was almost as responsible for that as the cock was. When he finally stopped watching her tits and put his hands on them, feeling his palms brushing over her hard nipples helped push her closer to cumming, as well. He could feel her pussy becoming even wetter and more engorged than it had been when he'd slipped into her and it felt so outstanding that he didn't think it would be long before he ended up cumming. He wasn't sure if it would be okay to cum inside her but he was afraid to open his mouth to ask. Fortunately, it didn't end up being an issue in the end.

She was riding him harder and faster while moaning even louder as he alternated between caressing her tits and watching them bounce. When she finally slammed herself down and just sat there on his cock, he could feel her entire body trembling as she was cumming. He continued to gently caress her hard nipples while she rode out what appeared to be a long and intense orgasm while his own orgasm tapered off a little bit. When she finished cumming, he had a brief moment of panic when she climbed off of him and back onto her own seat. He was sure that she was going to leave him high and dry to teach him a lesson or something but, instead, she reclined her seat while slipping out of her sweater and bra.

"Well, do you want to fuck my tits, or not?" she asked, turning to see why he wasn't moving. He breathed a sigh of relief, then realized that he needed to slip out of his shoes and pants in order to straddle her. He clumsily managed to free himself and was soon laying his stiff, throbbing cock between her succulent tits. She squeezed them together, completely engulfing his tool, and he started to slowly slide it between them. Her pussy had felt absolutely outstanding, there was no question about that, but fucking her tits was unquestionably incredible, as well. Both definitely surpassed the handjob a couple of nights prior but, combined with feeling up her sumptuous tits, it wasn't something he'd turn down if she offered it again. He tried to maintain a slow pace so that he could savor the feeling of the soft, smooth flesh rubbing against his shaft but, the more pleasure he was feeling and the closer his orgasm was getting, the faster he was fucking them.

It wasn't like he was fucking them so hard that he was bouncing them up toward her face or anything like that; it was still a fairly slow pace but he'd picked it up enough that his orgasm was building up faster than he wanted it to, and yet he could not slow himself down. His cock was becoming even thicker the closer he got to cumming and he realized that he no longer had to worry about where it was okay to spew. He had not slipped his cock into Meg's mouth as he had Deb's but he couldn't bear to stop what he was doing to attempt it. He was sure she'd be okay with it but he was just so close that there was no way to stop himself at that point. Meg's attention was on the head of his cock, which was about the only thing that was appearing from her cleavage as he continued to fuck her tits.

Because her chin was essentially resting on her chest as she was watching, when he finally started to spew, the first shot almost went into her mouth. Had it been open, she probably would have received a good part of that first shot between her lips rather than across them. She was caught a bit by surprise but couldn't help sticking her tongue out to taste the jizz on her lips which just reminded her that Deb had sucked his cock but she hadn't yet. She would definitely remedy that soon, but she also knew that she had fucked him and Deb had not, which made it a little better. The rest of his spew landed on her sternum and he continued to fuck her tits even after he was spent, clearly not wanting to be done.

"You realize this won't be your only opportunity to fuck my tits, don't you?" Meg asked him, since it seemed like he was trying to get the most out of the opportunity at hand, "It's obvious that you enjoyed it; I did, too. You can just let me know whenever you feel like a fucking a nice set of tits and I'll make sure I'm available."

Meg didn't know that he had fucked Deb's tits but she figured that, if Deb had given him a blowjob as she'd implied, she'd probably had him titfuck her, as well. It was what she would have done. Jake, on the other hand, was wondering whether they were discussing what each had done with him. It was obvious that there was some sort of competition going on but it seemed like they each wanted him to choose just one of them rather than continue competing. He was at least wise enough not only to avoid choosing one over the other but he was starting to think that he might be able to use the competitiveness to his advantage. He climbed off of Meg and laid in the passenger seat, which was still reclined, reaching over to caress her tits as she cleaned up his cum with her fingers, feeding it into her mouth.

Too soon, in his opinion, they had to pull their clothes back on and head back to the office since their lunch hour was winding down.