 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

*

Debbie was standing in front of the mirror frowning at her reflection. Since she was wearing my favorite dress, this didn't make sense to me, as I thought she looked amazing. I thought she looked amazing most of the time, anyway, but when she put on this particular black dress with white polka dots, I couldn't keep my eyes, or my hands, off of her. I had a feeling about what was causing that frown, especially given that she was looking at herself in the mirror. There were occasions when, despite my protests, she got it into her head that she needed to be smaller. I was a big fan of Debbie's curves, and not just because her tits were so sumptuous, but I knew that she didn't necessarily fit society's definition of sexy, especially according to all of those women's magazines. I also knew that I could tell her until I was blue in the face that she epitomized sexy but she'd always be getting contradictory opinions from society as a whole. I was never shy about showing her how sexy I felt she was and knew that now would be a good time for another demonstration. I stepped up behind her and wrapped my arms around her.

"I saw that frown," I said, "and I know it's because you're concerned that you'll never look as hot as that chick in the mirror."

She laughed and smiled as I lowered my head to kiss her neck, which I knew she loved. I brought my hands up to cup her breasts and could feel her hard nipples, a typical response to me kissing her neck. My cock was stiffening as it pressed against her ass, which was also a typical response not only to fondling her tits but to being around her in general. The dress tied behind her neck so, as long as I was in that area, I pulled one end of the bow with my teeth. As the bow came undone, I brought my hands up above her tits to take the straps and pull them down. I glanced up at her reflection as I pulled the top of her dress down and exposed her tits more and more. She hadn't put on a bra so my cock just grew harder and harder as more of her freckled flesh was revealed. When her large areolas and thick nipples were exposed, I thought my cock might burst from my jeans.

I got the top of her dress down to her waist, fully exposing her luscious tits, which we were both staring at in the mirror. I brought both hands up under them since, despite their size, they were still sitting up quite firmly. I caressed the soft, smooth flesh before sliding my hands up higher to brush over her hard nipples, causing her to suck in her breath. I kissed her neck a bit more as I caressed her nipples, which I knew would be making her pussy incredibly wet. She whimpered softly as I stimulated her, so I knew she appreciated my touch, but I wanted to raise the level of pleasure she was feeling. Raising my head so I could watch in the mirror again, I dropped my hands to her hips and started to slip my fingertips under the dress along her abdomen. When I encountered her trim bush, rather than continuing down to caress her pussy, I brought my hands back up and pushed her dress over her hips. As it dropped to her ankles, leaving her naked, I was admiring her curvy figure in the mirror as I caressed her hips and abdomen.

I was happy that she was not averting her eyes from her naked body because it truly was a thing of beauty. I could have run my hands over every square inch but elected to focus one on her tits and drop the other to her pussy. As I alternately caressed each of her tits, I was also running my finger between her nether lips and over her clit. She was moaning softly and started to rotate her hips, though I wasn't sure if it was to push against my finger or against my hard cock, which was pressing against her ass. I probably could have stood there stroking her pussy until she came but, the longer my finger was exploring it, the wetter it was becoming. I knew that, not only was her juicy pussy going to feel fantastic to slip into, but lapping up those secretions was going to be a treat, as well.

I dropped to the floor, briefly caressing her bare ass before turning to sit with my back to the mirror while pushing my head between her thighs. She spread her feet farther apart and I was quickly face-to-face with her pussy. I admired it momentarily before diving in and lapping up her copious juices. She moaned even louder, one hand dropping to the back of my head while the other reached out to brace against the wall beside the mirror. As I slurped up her nectar, she was humping against my face. I had a hand on each of her ass cheeks when I started, but soon brought one down so that I could slip a finger in and out of her while licking and sucking her clit. I loved eating Debbie's pussy, though it wasn't often that I was doing it in this position. We're both very spontaneous sexually, so this certainly wasn't that unusual compared to some other times I'd had my face buried in her trim bush.

Her pussy, already very hot and slippery, continued to become even more so the longer I ate her. I could also feel it becoming more engorged around my pumping finger and knew that it wouldn't take much more before she was cumming. That was another great thing about Debbie; she was so tuned-in sexually that she could cum pretty quickly in just about any situation. It had made for a lot of fun and daring sexual exploits. She moaned louder and longer and humped my face harder the closer she got to cumming but I just kept up what I was doing, knowing that it was going to get her there and that her orgasm would be typically intense. When she froze, holding my face against her pussy, I knew she was right there and, after a brief pause, her entire body started to shake.

She released my head and braced both hands against the wall adjacent to the mirror while riding out a long and clearly very intense orgasm while I continued to devour her pussy. It was kind of funny because she seemed to be just fine while she was cumming but, once she'd finished and was recovering, and I'd pulled my face from her pussy just far enough that I could admire it, her knees about gave out. I reached up and grabbed her by the waist but she seemed to catch herself, too, before she landed on my face.

"I'm sorry," she exclaimed, clearly surprised and a little distressed.

"No, don't worry," I reassured her as I slipped out from under her, "Here, take it easy. Kneel right here."

She dropped to her knees, still facing the mirror, and I was right behind her, reaching around to cup her breasts again while kissing her neck some more. I knew her pussy was absolutely saturated with lubrication and my cock was threatening to burst from my jeans so I ended up releasing her tits and reaching down to open my jeans and extract my throbbing cock. We looked at each other in the mirror as I rubbed it against her pussy before slipping into her from behind. Rather than doggie-style, I was more sitting on my heels while she was sort of sitting on my lap. When she started bouncing up and down on my tool, I was nearly hypnotized by her bouncing boobs in the mirror. I ran my hands up to fondle them as she rode me while she dropped a hand down to massage her clit as my cock slid in and out of her.

She started out slowly, moving up and down the full length of my shaft as I caressed the smooth flesh of her titties and gently toyed with her hard nipples. I was watching in the mirror over her shoulder, happy to see a smile on her face. Of course, I had a smile on my face too but it would have been difficult not to with my cock buried in such a hot, slippery pussy and my hands on a pair of succulent tits. The fact that I was also crazy about her didn't hurt my demeanor, either. As she continued to ride my cock and stroke her clit, I was pushing up into her each time she came down and her slow pace was gradually increasing. I could tell when she was getting close to cumming again by how her pussy felt and by the noises she was making, so I ended up slipping my hands down to her waist so I could pull her down harder on my cock while pushing it up deeper into her. Since I was no longer holding them, I watched her titties bouncing in the mirror.

When she started to shake, I let her take control and she just sat down hard on my tool while her orgasm overtook her. As I stared at her tits in the mirror, I was glad that she was having another orgasm because I had an idea of what I wanted to do once she'd finished cumming. Her orgasm was long and intense, as they typically were, and she seemed pretty drained when she finally finished cumming.

"I'll tell you what," I said, slipping my cock out of her, "why don't you lay down here?"

She lay on the floor with her head near the mirror and I moved up to straddle her, laying my cock between her tits. She squeezed them together around my tool as I braced myself against the wall over her head, with one hand on either side of the mirror. As I started to slowly slide my cock between her tits, I noticed that I could either look down directly as I did or look at the reflection in the mirror. I liked having another perspective. The soft, smooth flesh of her freckled tits felt outstanding against my cock and my orgasm was quickly building. I savored the pleasurable sensation as well as the visual of her naked tits, large areolas and hard nipples while Debbie's focus was on my cockhead as it disappeared and reappeared.

I couldn't help but gradually increase my pace as the pleasure continued to build but I did manage to stop short of fucking her tits hard. My cock was swelling even more as I got closer to cumming and I was debating whether to cum on her chest or in her mouth. When she stuck her tongue out as though to try to lick my cockhead, it helped me make the decision. I slipped my cock from between her tits once I was right on the verge of blowing my load and she released her tits as I moved forward, guiding my cock toward her mouth.

"I was hoping you'd do that," she said just before engulfing my tool in her mouth. She held onto my ass as she slid her lips up and down my shaft, my orgasm continuing to quickly build. Once again I was relishing the pleasure I was feeling and the visual of my cock repeatedly sliding into her mouth, both directly below me and in the mirror. It didn't take long before I was spewing down her throat. She swallowed my load without hesitation and continued sucking my cock until I was completely spent. I slipped my cock from her mouth and lay beside her on the floor.

"I liked that," she said, "doing it in front of the mirror."

"I'm glad you don't feel like the mirror is your enemy," I replied, "Sometimes it seems like you do."

"You continue to help me change that," she told me, "although this might have been the most convincing and fun way."

"Does that mean we can put a mirror on the ceiling over our bed?" I asked.

"Maybe," she said, with a smile.