 The memory of that sound she made is enough to make my cock stir... Lots of guys out there daydream about supermodels, actresses and porn stars but I only need to think about one person....my hot wife Ellie. I've only heard her make that sound twice to date and both times just hearing it almost made me cum on the spot.

First a little background - my biggest turn-on is seeing my wife have the wildest orgasm humanly possible. The trembling of her muscles, the arching of her back, and most of all the HOT noises she makes when she's getting off - witnessing that whether it be by my hand, my cock, her hand, a girlfriend's hand, my tongue, or any combination of them - gets me hornier than anything I can possibly think of.

The first time I heard that sound was the week of our "stay"cation. We travelled as much as possible throughout our wonderful 15 year marriage to spend time together because thankfully she's still my best friend as well as my devoted wife and the most incredible lover. But, we got to thinking - where do we want to go? Somewhere with cocktails, a hot tub, pool, nice king bed....hey, we know a place just like that! And we pay a mortgage on it every month! Only problem is our kids are there - as much as we adore them, they're NOT conducive to a wild, passionate night together.

By some miracle, my wife pleaded our case to my dear mother-in-law who took pity on us and offered to take our son for a few nights. Our daughter got shipped off to her girlfriend's house leaving us with our beautiful home ALL TO OURSELVES!!

Ellie always gets apprehensive about how loud she can get especially when the kids are around, so having the house empty really allowed her to drop her inhibitions when it came to cumming really hard and loud.

We went out to our local bar to see some friends, have a few cocktails, and tease each other secretly in public a bit. I could tell that knowing we had an empty house to go home to all to ourselves was making her a little bit horny and in turn I got antsy to get home.

We bid goodbyes to our friends who after having heard of our kid-free home, knew full well where we were off to! Ahhh...finally an empty house. Get more drinks poured, enjoy the rare opportunity for porn on the big screen, and revel in our own "resort". Ellie snuck upstairs and put on a hot little black outfit complete with sexy black heels, then we sat relaxing together watching the two hot girls finger each other on the big screen.

Ellie for some reason was never really big at receiving oral sex (of course she MORE than made up for it in other ways) but a while back we'd tried something a little different where she was on top straddling over my tongue and holding on to the headboard. She said it felt TOTALLY different than on her back, so I was anxious to explore it further. First, I made sure her "buddy", a 6 inch long zebra vibrator, was close by as was good 'ol KY. I had an idea in mind....

Another area we hadn't ventured into was anal sex barring one or two quickie drunken "oops" exceptions. What she had enjoyed lately was my finger gently rubbing on her ass but not pressing in. That was my exact intention, but given the fact that the setting was so condusive to a bit of wildness, I wanted to be prepared in case it went a bit further.

Ellie was already quite excited and I heard her soft little moans as I rubbed my hands gently over her growing nipples. Those little moans never fail to get my cock stirring and this was no exception. I moved into the corner of the L-shaped couch and asked her come over and straddle me so I could get a taste of that hot delicious pussy. She spread her sexy, endlessly-long legs over me, heels dangling from her blue-painted toes. I was so dying for a taste I pushed my tongue as far out as I could and brushed up and down her slit. She cautiously lowered herself a tiny bit and now my tongue was able to part those luscious pussy lips and taste the hot moisture building beneath. She let out a slight moan as I pressed a little deeper, straining my tongue out past where I ever thought it would reach. My cock was throbbing between my legs knowing she was going to be soaking wet in a very short time.

I paused and stuck my index finger into my mouth to get it nice and wet, then traced it up and down her pussy lips. She started to slightly move her hips forward and back which got me even hotter because it was almost involuntary on her part...her pussy was taking over her entire body and I was in the driver's seat! I pressed my finger into the spot just above her opening and felt it quickly swell beneath my gentle motion. Now her moans were deliberate so I did my duty to help out by reaching up and brushing my fingertips over her exposed nipple causing her to shudder and press further down onto my tongue. God I couldn't wait until I could ram my rock hard cock into this amazing pussy until it was my turn to explode in her!!!

Now my finger was halfway inside her with a 2nd finger circling close by ready to fill that tight, hot space the second it was ready for me. My tongue continued to slide up and down her slit, tickling her clit then sliding down to press on that swollen spot below. She was bucking into me at a good solid pace now and I could hear her breathing get deeper.

I had conveniently placed the KY by my side and while she was busy enjoying every brush and stroke of my mouth and hand I managed to get a drop on my other index finger. I rubbed it a bit between my fingers to warm it up and prevent any kind of shock when I touched her....relaxation was the key as patience and I had plenty of that. I very gently brushed my finger around her asshole and felt a slight tremor in the hot body rocking back and forth above me. It was almost surreal to be able to see her hot pussy sliding back and forth on my tongue while my fingers slid ever deeper, looking for those magical spots we'd discovered over our wonderful sex life together. I kept gently rubbing on her ass while I worked her whole pussy every way I knew how. Her moans confirmed that she was getting REALLY horny now and obviously enjoying the combination of stimulations.

I reached down to my side and found her zebra buddy, took a bit more KY and rubbed it around the top 1/4 or so, warming it up as before so as not to shock my sexy lover in any way. I turned it on low and ever so gently pressed the tip on her now glistening ass. At first I don't think she quite realized what I was doing as she was so engrossed in her pussy and clit getting their workout but it didn't take long before she was pushing gently back against it, obviously enjoying the new sensation.

My cock was throbbing thinking of her body frantically processing all the erogenous zones I was teasing and the thought made me close my eyes and subconsciously press my fingers even deeper into her dripping hot pussy. She gasped and slammed her body down onto my fingers and tongue but in the process (and much to my disbelief), the KY-coated vibrator slid right up into her gleaming ass about 1/2 way in!

When we spoke about it later, she truly didn't even realize exactly what was happening at that point as she was so totally engulfed in the sensations of the moment. Unconsciously she began to slowly grind her ass down onto the vibrator and in no time it was buried to the hilt into her steaming hot ass. The KY along with her legs being so widely spread around me made it effortless for her to slowly slide it halfway out and then slowly back in to the hilt. My cock was streaming with precum at this incredulous scene...my wife was actually slowly and deliberately FUCKING the vibrator in her ASS!!

My tongue lapped at her pussy faster and harder than ever and my fingers strained to visit every single nerve ending inside her as she more forcefully slid her ass up and down on her buddy. Her moans were feverish now and I was delirious with desire hearing her with no inhibitions and not having to bite the pillow as was the norm in a house with young kids.

I thought I heard her raggedly spit out that she was going to cum so I dug even deeper and summoned every inch my tongue and fingers could deliver. It was then that I first heard...no more like FELT it. THAT sound.

It came from deep inside her and was almost guttural...the pure, unabashed, uninhibited passionate fruition of her life's lover straining to push every possible hot button there was to push...doing everything he could and more than ever before to bring her to the brink of delirium with what would hopefully be her wildest orgasm yet.

She squeezed her legs tight on my head almost blocking out any sound...but I still felt it, that unbridled sound that was getting louder by the second. It was almost as if she suddenly realized at that moment that our beloved kids were MILES away sleeping soundly because her volume must have tripled. She was slamming her pussy into my tongue and fingers, pounding her ass up and down on the vibrator, grabbing at the couch with all her might - and then she shuddered with the deepest moan I have EVER heard a woman make in my entire life. I could swear there were bolts of electricity streaming between our bodies as I brought her to the loudest, wildest, most uninhibited orgasm I'd ever seen.

I think I may have cum just experiencing this but I'm not sure. Quite frankly, I spent a few days struggling to confirm that it wasn't a dream. After basking in the incredible afterglow, we talked about it some and Ellie couldn't believe that her semi-virgin ass took that buddy with such ease and pleasure.

I only wish that my wonderful life with this incredible woman could last forever as it seems lately we discover new heights almost every week. But I know for 100% certain that I could never possibly forget the first time she made that sound....in fact on those nights where I need to take care of myself, just the memories can bring me to the brink of cumming in no time....