 I was asked if my stories are in any kind of chronological order. The answer is yes, pretty much. I encourage you to follow along and read these stories in this order as a prelude to this next one in the series:

I Hire Monica The Maid

Monica's First Day as My Maid

Monica the Maid's Three Hole Day

I Partner with Linda, A Salon Owner

I Massage Monica the Maid

Hot and Sexy Business Opportunities

I Become a Therapeutic Instructor

The Affair Continues in Las Vegas

I Rub an Asian MILF the Right Way

Going Where No Man Has Gone Before

Cumming Where No Man Has Cum Before

That Was The Weekend That Was

I'm Rewarded for a Job Well Done

Fun in Las Vegas with my MILFs

That Was The Week That Was (this story)

For background, let me share the main characters in my stories:

I became a widower unexpectedly in January. I was very lonely and made an offer my maid Monica could not refuse. She stayed on as my maid and became my part time sexual playmate. (I Hire Monica the Maid; Monica's First Day as My Maid; Monica the Maid's Three Hole Day, I Massage Monica the Maid).

I decided to learn how to give massages and I met Susan, a bathing suit model, who was my massage instructor, and we became friends. Between Susan and Monica I came up with some new business ideas (Hot and Sexy Business Opportunities).

I met Lisa, a divorcee, who was a student of Susan's when I was a substitute instructor. We became lovers. (I Become a Therapeutic Instructor).

Lisa and I went to Las Vegas. (The Affair Continues in Las Vegas). I hired two ladies, Diana and Dana, to keep Lisa company at the adult pool. Lisa arranged for my first threesome when we included her friend Michelle. (My Great Night in Vegas -- not written as of this date).

After I met Lisa, and while I was casually dating her, I seduced Akiko, the lady who owned a local dry cleaners when I invited her over for a massage (I Rub an Asian MILF the Right Way). We traveled to Las Vegas (Going Where No Man Has Gone Before) where we met with Marie and Carmen.

The next day in Las Vegas (Cumming Where No Man Has Cum Before) I took Susan's virginity and enjoyed sex with Dana. On Sunday and Monday in Las Vegas (Fun in Las Vegas with My MILFs) I had sex with Dana and Sandy (a hotel food and beverage employee).

I enjoyed my second threesome in LA with Eva. She was a manager at one of my client companies. (I'm Rewarded for a Job Well Done).

Does Lisa know I am sleeping with others? She has never asked. She never brought it up. Neither did I.

So this is kind of a case of don't ask don't tell situation. If I were a betting man I would say she is sleeping only with me.

Lisa did encourage Dana to sleep with me (and I did the next morning and on subsequent trips to Las Vegas); didn't say anything about me not sleeping with Diana (so I did, repeatedly) and she offered up her friend Michelle so I could experience my first threesome. Which I did.

Does Akiko know that I am sleeping with others? Yes. She has encouraged me to do so and is looking for women for me to sleep with. As an example, she pushed Susan into the bedroom our first morning in Las Vegas, seduced Sandy and together they learned about lesbianism and then encouraged Sandy to sleep with me.

Akiko got interested in women when I arranged for Dana to serve as her official hands on applier of sun tan lotion at the adult pool in Las Vegas.

Akiko also knows that Marie and Carmen have an interest in me. As does Dana. And now Sandy.

Now, with this story, I layout the very busy week I had following my first threesome with Lisa and Michelle in Las Vegas.

This week leads up to the photo shoot for the new swimsuit line (CYN Suits) a week later on Monday morning in Las Vegas.

++++

To recap, I was in Las Vegas with Lisa and got up early and drove Lisa back to LA on Sunday morning (That Was The Weekend That Was) and spent the week working and fucking in Los Angeles, then returned to Las Vegas on Friday.

Susan had suggested that I speak to Kathy the salon owner about being her partner in the Las Vegas market research trip. You remember her from my story "I Become a Therapeutic Instructor" which I encourage you to read.

I had met Kathy three times. The first time was the night I met Lisa, the second time was when I went back and had Kathy teach me how to shampoo a woman's hair and the third time was Lisa's second lesson, a week after the first.

I found her very attractive; in her mid 30's, so about my age. Kathy was about 5'6", shoulder length auburn hair and dark green eyes. She was buxom but thin; she probably weighed about 115 pounds.

The three times I met her she was well dressed, had a nice pearl necklace and matching earrings.

I called Kathy at her salon from Las Vegas (I was poolside with Lisa and Michelle) on Saturday afternoon and asked her if she could meet me for a quick cup of coffee at the Starbucks nearest her salon, or home, her choice.

Like me she was an early riser and we agreed to meet on Monday morning.

Diane and Dana were the two coeds from UNLV I hired to be "friends" with Lisa. They were stacked, had great bodies, young, fresh and firm, outstanding areoles and very prominent nipples and both were very friendly and adventurous. Great eye candy. Just my type. You'll read more about them in this and in future stories.

Diana and I had met in the hotel bar on Friday at 7:30pm (she left Lisa and Dana nude and alone in the room to play) and I hired her after a phone conversation on Saturday (the next day) while I was in the cabana.

Diana had sent me over some of her projects from college on web marketing and I liked what I saw.

I arranged for her drive to LA on Sunday to work with me and some of my clients. starting on Monday morning.

I took Lisa's anal cherry on Friday night and then we had dinner in the suite, Lisa's first real meal in days. She was trying hard not to have her first anal experience be a messy, smelly one. It wasn't. It was somewhat painful for her but very pleasurable for me.

Then we got back to it after dinner. My second anal penetration got Lisa going. She had an anal orgasm. She shook, the bed shook, the walls shook and her scream could have been heard down the hall.

I lived through the Northridge Earthquake of January 1994. One of the best jokes from that natural disaster was when someone said "My bed hadn't moved that much since my wedding night."

Well that was how I felt that first night in Las Vegas fucking Lisa's virgin ass.

She snuggled next to me all night long. She loved it when we stayed in hotels, just the two of us.

Lisa encouraged me to wake her even if she was sleeping to make love to her.

Saturday morning after depositing another load in her pussy I told Lisa I was going to go work out but instead paid an early morning visit to Dana's hotel room and banged her for a bit before heading back to my suite.

I didn't like to lie to Lisa and this was the only time I did but I wanted to find out if Lisa and Dana exchanged oral favors with each other. I was just being a curious man who wants to know what his girlfriend's limits or boundaries were. I found out what I needed to know. Lisa licks. And she does it well, according to Dana.

I had plans for Dana. More on that later. More on her later.

Back in the suite, thanks to Viagra, I took Lisa again in her ass. Even though I used lube, and preceded my erectile invasion with first two, then three fingers, suitably coated, her rosebud was as tight as the first time. She gripped the sheets and screamed into the pillow as I plowed into her hole, going balls deep in a single, steady, firm thrust.

Even though I warned her, she sobbed as her tight ring pulsated around my big intrusion. But she never asked me to pull it out. After a few minutes she lifted her head, tears still streaming down her face and smiled at me, a tight smile.

"I'm your whore Jack."

With that I slapped her ass and started pumping. Hard, steady.

In just a few strokes she started pushing back and then her hands reached up to start rubbing her wet bare pussy.

Because I had just dumped two loads into Dana downstairs, I had plenty of time before I could spurt into Lisa.

I let her cum once, on her fingers; then I pulled out and told Lisa, "Go get a warm washcloth and clean me." Now, remember, she said she was going to be my whore that weekend.

She did, very relieved my baseball bat was no longer in her ass.

Lisa smiled and washed me off very nicely and then I simply said "Suck until I'm hard again."

If she tasted her own shit on my cock, it didn't register on her face.

Lisa got me hard again -- she had that very special ability -- and I kissed her to show her I wasn't a pussy and told her "Back on your knees for me. And spread your cheeks."

She looked up and smiled and held her ass cheeks apart for me as I speared her again.

One stroke, balls deep and Lisa groaned loudly in pain and pleasure; I'm sure housekeeping heard her on the next floor.

I said to her, "I need to cum so we can go down to the pool. I want you in a smaller suit today."

Lisa helped me along by reaching back past her pussy and started ticking my balls with her manicured nails and in no time I was splattering my baby batter in her bat cave.

I collapsed on her back and I laid there, panting, until I heard Lisa ask, "Was it good for you baby?"

I laughed, rolled off of her and said, "You have no idea how good it feels to be inside of you. Its the best."

Lisa smiled and kissed me and said, "Does this new tiny suit you want me to wear have a string that will cover the four inch wide hole you've drilled into my crack this morning?"

She wasn't serious, but I had to check it out. After I stopped laughing.

I slapped her on the ass and said, "It's tight as a duck's ass Lisa and you'll be fine out there."

I said, "Please go show me the suits we picked out and I'll let you know if there is an issue with your ass. Believe me, I'll cover your ass!"

Before we left the suite Lisa said to me "I hope you had enough sex to last you until dinner time because as much as I love you, and love having sex with you, I need a little break."

I needed a break too. Plus I needed to workout and get my brain clear from the booze and the sex. Well, from the booze and lack of sleep.

Saturday was pool time and playtime with Lisa and Michelle.

That was a mind blowing experience. My first threesome, a gift from Lisa. I had a few more in Vegas after that. And in LA too. Just keep reading and I'll get those chronicles done as time allows.

I was able to secure the rights to Michelle's homemade bikini design in exchange for a royalty agreement with CYN Suits, my new Nevada corporation.

++++

Sunday, driving to LA and in LA

Lisa and I drove back on Sunday morning from Las Vegas.

It's another story but I spent late Sunday afternoon with Diana at the Dodgers game with some of my clients (another set of stories) and we spent Sunday night together at nearby hotel in LA.

As tired as I was on Sunday night the idea of fresh, hot, young and tight pussy kept me awake. Well, sort of.

I spent a lot of time between Diana's thighs on Sunday evening after we got back from the baseball game. She appreciated the attention and shared with me that no one ate her pussy the way I did. Or as much as I did. Or as good as I did.

While I was going to town on her pussy, my fingers found her rosebud and I had a finger up there, fucking her tiny hole.

Diana lifted her ass with both her hands to improve my access.

Diana really enjoyed it and she asked me if I planned to fuck her ass.

"Do you want me to, sweetie?" I replied between big wet licks from her rosebud to clit.

Each lick generated a groan.

Diana was getting very wet; soon her river would flow. Again.

"Yes, Jack" she sighed, as she ran her fingers through my hair. "That's new territory for me but I know you want my ass because you couldn't keep your eyes off it last Friday at the pool."

"You're right Diana, I visually fucked your ass at least a dozen times on Friday alone."

"And ...?"

"It was tight and hot and I loved putting my cock into you one inch at a time. You were screaming in pain and pleasure as I drilled into new territory. But when it was all said and done, you loved it and begged me to do it again. And we did. Many times."

So after licking her to three orgasms, I had her squat on top of me and ride me to her fourth orgasm.

She leaned over me and kissed me, our juices combining.

She had a great set of tits; she swung them down so I could suckle and nip at them.

She loved it when I pulled at her nipples with my teeth and I asked "Have you ever worn nipple clamps?" and she said she hadn't.

I said "Diana, you will be wearing them for me later" and she nodded as she groaned and kissed me.

Diana laughed when I said I was going to cover her breasts with love bites and hickies but when I did it she didn't mind. She rather enjoyed it.

Diana rolled off of me, and started rimming me and paying extra special care to my balls.

She licked me back to rocket status and then I pounded her missionary until I came deep in her pussy.

I fucked her every two hours after that all night long. As hot as she was she told me she'd never been fucked like the way I fucked her that night.

She was affectionate and grateful for everything I had done for her and was doing for her.

++++

Monday in LA

At about 5:30am, I left one last load of swimmers in Diana before I got out of bed to meet with Kathy at Starbucks.

When I finished my meeting with Kathy I was going to pick up Diana at the hotel so we could go visit one of my clients and get her going on a project. I knew I was burning the candle at both ends but I couldn't help it.

It had been a hectic, sex filled four days and nights (Thursday through Sunday). I can remember coming into four willing pussies (Lisa, Dana, Michelle and Diana) and three very tight assholes (Lisa, Michelle and Dana). I was going to fuck Diana's ass later this week.

Kathy and I met at 7am.

I had literally just thrown some clothes on after using the bathroom and brushing my teeth.

I hoped she wouldn't notice the burned out look I was displaying.

I was tired but not too tired to notice that she wasn't wearing her wedding ring.

I didn't say anything about that.

She was more casually dressed, telling me "Today is my day off and I am going to run some errands when we finish.

I wasn't expecting a little black dress at this early hour but what she had on impressed me; a tight tee shirt that accented her full breasts and a pair of jeans. Her hair was nicely done but I expected that from the owner of a hair salon.

She opened by teasing me. "Have you washed Lisa's hair yet?"

Kathy knew that there was a spark between the two of us.

I laughed and said "Not yet, but hopefully soon."

Kathy asked, "Are you behind all the packages that Susan is receiving?"

I said "Yes, I am arranging for Susan to buy some stuff. It's a project I have her working on."

I continued, "Kathy, is Susan current with you? Does she owe you anything?"

Kathy replied "Susan did get behind on her rent but we worked that out in trade and as of today she is current. Actually Jack, she paid me her rent for the next three months in advance."

Kathy reached out and touched my hand. "Are you the one I should thank for that?"

I nodded.

Kathy told me, "Working that out in trade with Susan wasn't a bad thing. I always prefer cash but Susan does do a great massage and the waxing is painful but she does it efficiently so I can't complain."

As tired as I was, I couldn't help but visualize Kathy nude on Susan's massage table.

I was also curious whether or not Kathy's rosebud had been bleached.

I interrupted my own dirty thoughts by asking "Kathy, are you interested in a little buying spree of your own?"

"What do you mean," Kathy replied.

I shared with Kathy my plans for the Vegas market research trip, and that I needed someone, hopefully Kathy, to go with Susan to scope out the opportunity.

I said, "I don't know if you want to go with Susan or maybe someone else but I want to get this thing going quickly."

I ended by saying that the trip would mean going undercover at the topless hotel pools in Vegas, and that I would buy Kathy sexy swim suits if she was interested in being part of the project. And, I would buy suits for anyone Kathy brought along.

Kathy had listened to me intently as I laid everything out. Not once did she interrupt or ask a question.

She leaned over the table, and put her hand on my hand and said to me in a low voice, "I'm in."

A true businesswoman I thought, no bull shit just give me the facts and I'll decide.

I said "That's great, when can you go?"

She said "I could leave anytime I need to, I just kicked my husband out and I have no one to come home to."

Then she smiled and said, "Well, I have someone staying with me, she might be interested in going."

I asked, "Who is she, what does she look like, and what does she do?"

Kathy said "It's a young lady, Sonia, who just turned 21. Sonia is my housekeeper but she cleans my salon too. She came from Mexico and is a nice looking, actually, she is a very attractive young lady who is trying to make ends meet."

"Does she speak English?"

Kathy said "Somewhat and if not, I can translate."

I asked Kathy, "Do you speak Spanish?" and she nodded, "I'm from Mexico too."

"Would Sonia enjoy a trip to Las Vegas?"

Kathy smiled and said, "Yes, she would, and if you could pay her something for her time that would be nice too Jack."

I asked Kathy, "Would Sonia would mind wearing skimpy sexy bathing suits, being topless; maybe nude around a pool?"

Kathy replied, "That won't be a problem Jack, Sonia udoes whatever I tell her to do."

Kathy did say that Sonia's areoles and nipples were large, meaning larger than the typical female and would that be a problem?

I replied, "No. But will she be self conscious about them?"

I was thinking she would be the center of attention at the pool but I kept my opinion to myself.

Kathy said, "She can be shy but if she has a drink, maybe two, her jitters will disappear and she'll be fine."

Kathy said "You let me know when and where and Sonia and I will be there."

I asked, "Do you prefer to drive or fly to Vegas from here?"

Kathy said, "Sonia's immigration status is a bit unclear so we should probably drive up and back, I don't want her having to show ID to anyone."

Meaning, Sonia was here illegally. Along with millions of others who came for a job to take care of their loved ones who stayed behind.

I inquired about buying and wearing risqué bathing suits and Kathy interrupted me by whispering to me, "I'll go topless for you, Jack."

She smiled and said "I'd go nude for you too!"

There was a pause as she searched my face.

Kathy broke into a big smile and offered, "Maybe you and I should go by ourselves to Vegas?"

I didn't reply directly to her request. Don't get me wrong, spending time with her anywhere would be a hoot. But my dance card was sort of filling up and staying on top of things (women) was becoming challenging.

Now, if she wanted something like I had with Michelle, you know, two days together and see you down the road, then ... possibly.

So I smiled and asked, "Would you be okay with me being there when you and Sonia were doing your market research?"

Kathy said, "Are you going with us, supervising us or what?"
