 Danielle Drake had never really thought about her friend Marc in that way. No that he was in any way unattractive - on the contrary, the majority of women would consider him to be a pretty decent looking guy. At 5'8" and a fit 175 pounds, the 30-year-old looked to be in fine shape and he kept himself looking good most of the time. His brown hair and eyes were dark and suggested something a little mysterious under his calm and cool demeanour. Still, she had never really thought about him in that way -- until now.

She had always had a boyfriend. Not one in particular, but rather a constant flow of handsome beaus who wined and dined her until she was ready to move on to the next one. Maybe that was why Danielle had never thought about him in that way -- there was simply never an appropriate time for it.

But now things were different. She was in the midst of something she had not experienced in years. She was actually single. Things ended with her latest suitor after he stood her up one Friday night, and she had yet to land herself a new paramour. Still, she had not begun to think of Marc in that way.

Not that Danielle thought she would have any difficulties in finding herself a new man -- she had never had any problems in that department in the past, after all she was by most accounts a complete knockout. A slim and toned 5'2" and 110 pounds, she kept herself in amazing shape and owned a rock-hard body. At 27-years-old, she still could pass for a college student with her youthful beauty and fun-loving and free-spirited personality. Her curly chestnut hair was streaked with blonde and fell in long, sexy S-shaped waves cascading to her mid-back. Topping off her total package, her impressive bosom boasted an eye-catching 36D measurement -- something she took no shame in exploiting with low-cut and tight fitting tops at every opportunity.

After several weeks of wallowing in the lowly existence of a single woman, she had decided to join her friend Marc at a mutual acquaintance's party, in the hope that she might meet some new eligible bachelors along the way.

Dressed to impress -- and pick-up, Danielle wore a sexy sleeveless black corset-style blouse that buttoned in the front, with lace-up details in the back. The shirt's plunging v-neck cut in the front and tight fit nicely showcased her ample cleavage. She paired that with a skinny pair of snug fitting blue jeans that left very little to the imagination. Her long layers of soft, loose curls fell down her back impeccably, and her near flawless face was touched with just the right amount of makeup to enhance her natural beauty to a level of near perfection.

Unfortunately for her, the party turned out to be quite a bust for her intended mission. The guests at the gathering numbered mostly couples, or guys she would not be caught dead with in a million years. With no reasonable targets in sight, she spent the majority of the event talking with Marc and enjoying a copious amount of apple martinis.

Half in the bag, the two left the disappointing get-together and took a taxi back to Danielle's place. Once there, he helped his stumbling friend into her condo amid her drunken ramblings of needing to find a man. After getting her inside and struggling to remove her heels, Marc finally managed to escort her back to her bedroom and situate her onto the bed. Still mumbling about how she needed to find herself a new boyfriend, she barely even took notice when he kissed her on the forehead and wished her a good night before slipping into the hallway to let her sleep off her martini-fuelled drunk.

As he walked away from Danielle's bedroom, listening to the incoherent babbling and sounds of lumbering movement coming from behind him, Marc could not help but let his mind wander a bit. His thoughts turned to that of long-hidden desires and fantasies, and the possibility of turning them into a reality. He had always lusted after this young woman, but had never had the opportunity -- or the courage, to act on his wanton desires towards her. He was torn. He knew she was pretty inebriated, but he also knew that a chance like this might never present itself again. He squeezed his eyes shut in a vain attempt to clear his head, but his mind's eye could only focus on one image -- that of the gorgeous woman in the next room lying on the bed. In an almost trance-like state, his eyes popped open, and then he turned around and headed straight for the bedroom door.

As he entered the room, he was pleasantly surprised to see that the sounds of clumsy movement he had overheard had been Danielle undressing herself to go to bed. Gone were her shirt and jeans, leaving only a black lace push-up bra and matching thong covering her fine body's most private areas. She now lay on her side on the bed, her right arm folded up under her head and eyelids fluttering as she sought sleep. Slowly, he moved in.

He approached the bed cautiously and reached out with his right hand, gently stroking her shoulder first, then her cheek with the back of his hand. Danielle's eyes flickered open gradually with the familiar touch of her friend. She looked up at him through an alcoholic haze in the dim light as his fingers embraced her chin. Smiling at his tender touch, she rose slowly as he pulled his hand away, keeping the warm contact with his skin intact. Almost instinctively, when she sat up and came face to face with Marc, her hands reached out and took hold of the sides of his face. Flashing an inebriated smile on her beautiful face, she slowly leaned in and touched her lips to his.

Electricity shot through his body as their mouths met one another. Their tongues danced with each other as they gingerly pressed their lips together with increasing energy. Pulling back briefly, he looked into her eyes, and seeing no hesitation whatsoever on her part, her eagerly returned to the lip-lock, hungrily ramming his tongue deep into her mouth as she slid her hands down to grab the collar of his shirt and pull his face even tighter against hers. Dropping her head back in bliss, Danielle broke their amorous kiss and wrapped her arms around his shoulders. Sliding his mouth downwards, Marc turned his oral attentions to her neck, running his lips and tongue over the soft skin of her throat and collarbone as his hands began exploring her shoulders and tops of her bra-covered breasts.

Moaning in pleasure, she offered no resistance as his fingers effortlessly slid the straps of her bra from her shoulders and eased the undergarment down below her extraordinary bosom. Slowly, the couple moved backwards onto the bed as their lips reconnected and he eased her down with a series of deep kisses gentle strokes of his hands. Softly, he slid down and placed his lips on her right tit, sucking in her hardening nipple ever so briefly, and then moving over to do the same with the left. Danielle's breathing quickened as she watched his tongue moved across her breast, flicking at her hard nipple and sensitive areola. 

Gradually, he moved his trail of kisses downwards onto her tight stomach, her back arching in response to the attention, and her hands grabbing at her own tits to add to her increasing level of stimulation. Her body writhed as she pinched her nipples and groaned in approval of his mouth's movements. Sensing that he was not going to face any opposition at all in this seduction, Marc slowly backed off and stood. Staring at the beautiful woman lying before him, massaging her breasts and moaning in anticipation of his next action, he quickly peeled off his shirt and pulled off his pants and boxers.

She let out an incredible shriek of ecstasy as he swiftly moved down in between her legs, pulled the thin strip of material away from her pussy and dragged his tongue across her engorged cunt lips. Her eyes squeezed shut and she clutched at her tits as he swirled his tongue around her clit before suctioning his lips around her snatch and sucking as hard as he could. His tongue darted in and out of her pussy at a rapid pace as she moaned with each wet movement in between her legs. He moved a hand in place of his mouth and gently rubbed his fingers across her cunt several times before he stopped altogether to finally pull her panties off her quivering body.

Repositioning themselves, Danielle know found herself on top, enthusiastically jamming her tongue into his mouth as his hand reached around her and unfastened her bra. She pulled back and sat up on his lap as she felt the straps release. She slowly pulled off her bra and presented her amazing rack to Marc. Reaching up, he grabbed hold of her fabulous globes and squeezed them forcefully, eliciting a deep groan as his fingers pinched her now rock hard nipples. Relenting on the pressure from his vice-like grip on her breasts, he eased her downwards towards his throbbing manhood.

She went down on him immediately. Her hungry mouth sucking in his erect cock as her skilled hands went to work stroking him relentlessly. Her tongue swirled around the head of his dick and her hand slid back and forth around the shaft. He moaned in appreciation as she pulled his meat out of her mouth completely and slapped his cock against her tongue repeatedly, then spit on his unit and returned to her vigorous combination of sucking and stroking. He stared down at her and mumbled near incoherent words of encouragement as she slid her mouth down and sucked at his swelling balls, all the while continuing to slide her hand up and down the shaft of his pulsating dick. His right hand found its way to the back of her head, clutching a mitt-full of her curls and pulling her mouth back onto his cock. He quickened her pace as he began to thrust his hips forward in time with her sucking. After several deep face-fucks, he pulled back on the handful of brown hair he gripped and manoeuvred her onto her back.

Danielle spread her legs eagerly as he quickly moved into position. His dick slid into her wet pussy with ease and he began pumping into her with earnest. She cried out in ecstasy and once again clutched at her tits as he drove his manhood in and out of her hungry cunt. Her right hand slid down and began to feverishly rub her clit as her new lover continued to pound into her horny snatch.

"Fuck me," she cried out. "Oh yeah, fuck me."

Marc was in heaven. He still did not even know if she was totally aware of who exactly was making love to her, but honestly -- he did not care, she was clearly enjoying it as much as he was.

"Oh, Danielle," he groaned as he ploughed his throbbing manhood deep into her. "Tell me you wanted this as bad as I did."

"Fuck me," she moaned, still seemingly lost in her alcoholic haze. "Fuck me, baby."

Taking her muddled response as close enough to confirmation, he pulled out of her and hastily worked to relocate the two of them. Pulling her up into a seated position, he swiftly lay down on the bed and grabbed her by the hips, guiding her back over top of his crotch. Her back to him, her slick pussy hovered above his stiff cock momentarily, before sliding down onto his manhood in one fluid motion.

Marc groaned in approval as she immediately began bouncing up and down on him with great enthusiasm and speed. She moaned deeply as her tits danced wildly about her chest in time to her fucking rhythm. Once again one of her hands made its way down to her cherry red clit and rubbed vigorously as her breathing quickened and her pace increased.

Flailing her head from side to side in the throes of passion, Danielle's shortened breaths soon turned into sharp shrieks of delight with each plunge down onto her lover's prick. Her eyes tightly squeezed shut, she threw her head of curls back in a mad frenzy, letting out a deep, guttural groan in the process.

Gradually, his hands moved to her hips and he gently, he eased her down onto her side, still managing to remain inside of her fiery cunt as he repositioned himself behind her. She grabbed at her flailing breasts as he began relentlessly stabbing his hard dick into her from behind.

"Yes, yes, yes," she cried out in time to his thrusts.

Suddenly her entire body began to shake uncontrollably as a powerful orgasm washed over her. His hips pistoned back and forth as fast as they could move as she screamed out in complete rapture.

"Oh Marc," she moaned as her explosion came to an end.

Finally hearing her speak his name in the afterglow of her epic release was just enough to send him over the edge. He quickly pulled out of her dripping pussy and manoeuvred himself up onto his knees and over her moaning mouth. Stroking his pulsating cock madly he watched her eyes grow big and her mouth open in anticipation.

"Oh my God," he groaned as the first streams of his hot white cum shot out of his manhood and onto her waiting lips. Her tongue darted out to catch the next explosion of his fuck juice as his hand pumped furiously, trying to squeeze out every last drop.

Exhausted, he collapsed down beside her with a sigh. And finally, Danielle thought about him in a different way.