 Hockey parents are a special breed - especially the parents on travel hockey teams. They are willing to make insane sacrifices to support their children in the sport, such as by spending thousands of dollars a year on ice fees, tournament fees, expensive equipment that needs to be replaced on an annual basis due to growth spurts, gas, hotels, and meals on the road. Not to mention the sacrifices on their time, often waking up at 5am on the weekends to travel up to 3 hours in blizzard-like conditions just so their kids can play hockey for an hour and fifteen minutes, before turning around to drive another 3 hours back home. 

So it should come as no surprise that people willing to make some crazy sacrifices for their kids are also prone to wild behavior themselves - whether that means fighting with other parents, cheering on their kids when they've just checked another kid into the boards, hurling obscenities and insults at referees, parents, and children, or partying a little too hard back at the hotel on tournament weekends. Hotels can't afford to turn these large groups away, but they are also familiar with the reputation that hockey teams have for letting the children run wild while the parents stay up until the wee hours of the morning partying and drinking heavily in the hallways.

This year's Squirt hockey tournament in Connecticut was no different. After a particularly frustrating loss, the families headed back to the hotel where the kids could eat pizza, go swimming, play knee hockey, and play video games, while the parents could drown their sorrows in Labatt Blue Light and various cocktails.

The parents on the team were a friendly group that got along well and often exchanged teasing, flirty banter. It was all innocent, of course, but it kept them bonded and all the joking helped to relieve the stress that travel hockey often puts on families. It also guaranteed that at the end of a tournament weekend, the parents would be going home with at least a few good stories that would live on in their memories for years to come.

As the children headed off to bed that night, about a dozen parents stayed in the hallway to party. The usual crazy antics happened - a drunken Karla absentmindedly began to fellate her beer bottle while every Dad in the hallway found himself with a hard-on, lusting after her. Matt pretended to wrestle Krista so he could "innocently" cop a feel of her tits without her realizing his real motive or noticing where he hands were. 

And then there was Kipp and Darla, who were on the quieter side but enjoyed watching and laughing at all the antics. They were both married to other people - Kipp's wife always traveled to tournaments with him, but Darla's husband was rarely able to join her on these trips due to his work schedule. Kipp and Darla happened to be sitting side-by-side that night in the hallway, close enough to feel each other's body heat, and there was something in the combination of close proximity, their body heat, and all the alcohol that caused a spark. 

Every so often their gazes would meet and linger just a little bit too long. And when their gazes would meet, a devilish smirk would usually flash across one of their faces before they averted their eyes back to the hallway conversations. The sexual tension in the air was palpable - even without a spoken word or a touch, they each knew that the other was having similar naughty thoughts for the other.

As the night wore on, parents were slowly leaving the party to retire to their rooms for the night. Finally at 2am, hotel security had given them their last warning to go into their rooms or they'd be kicked out of the hotel, so the last 5 hallway hockey parents decided to turn in for the night. 

The layout of this hotel was strange - every room had an inner door that connected it to the next room. Normally these doors were kept locked unless a family had requested two adjoining rooms, but since the kids had all been playing together and running from room to room earlier in the evening, most of the adjoining doors had been unlocked and opened during the day. Kipp and his family happened to be in the room adjacent to the one where Darla was staying with her son, and while both families had closed the adjoining door when the kids were put to bed, in their tipsiness they had forgotten to lock either door.

Darla was so turned on from the surprising sexual tension that had developed between her and Kipp that night, that she decided to take a hot shower before getting ready for bed. The water felt wonderful running down her body, and she caressed her tits with one soapy hand while fondling herself with the other. There's no way I'll be able to get to sleep without some relief, she thought to herself. She squeezed her pussy lips, slid her fingers inside her slippery folds, and rubbed her swollen clit while fantasizing about Kipp. Her nipples had hardened to gorgeous brown marbles on her enormous breasts, and she could feel her muscles tensing as her orgasm began building. It never took her long to cum when she'd been drinking, and tonight was no exception - especially with all the dirty thoughts of Kipp that had been running through her head all night. In just minutes she brought herself over the edge in wave after wave of delicious orgasm.

Relaxed and sleepy, Darla rinsed the rest of the soap off her body, then toweled off, brushed her teeth, and slid into the tank top and satiny pajama pants that she always slept in. She was so tired and relieved from the orgasm and lingering effects of the alcohol that Darla fell asleep almost instantly when her head hit the pillow.

Drunken dreams were often strange and bizarre dreams for Darla. As she slept, she began to dream that something warm was pressing on her lips. Then she felt something smooth, wet, and warm slip into her mouth, and she opened her eyes to see Kipp standing beside her bed, kissing her passionately as she slept. "Is this really happening, or is this a dream?" she wondered. Regardless, it felt wonderful - they were the most sensual, passionate, and arousing kisses she had ever exchanged, and she didn't want it to stop. "This is a dream," she silently reassured herself in her head, "so I can just let it go and enjoy the ride guilt-free."

After just a few more kisses, Kipp reached out for her hand and gave a gentle tug to indicate that he wanted her to get out of bed. In the silent darkness, without exchanging a word, Kipp led Darla to the dark bathroom, where he sat on the closed toilet lid and pulled her towards him, sitting her in his lap while she faced him. 

The kissing resumed - soft and sweet at first, then becoming more urgent and hungry. Still fully clothed, she was grinding herself against his crotch, feeling his hardness beneath her. Darla was so wet for Kipp that she could hear her juices squishing around as she dry-humped him.

They knew they didn't have much time - Darla's son was asleep on the bed and Kipp's wife an children were asleep just on the other side of the adjoining door. They needed to stay completely silent - without even a whisper - to avoid getting caught. Kipp pushed Darla into a standing position and yanked her pants and lace panties down to the ground, while quickly hiking his boxer shorts down his hips and sitting back down. Guiding her back onto his lap, she eagerly impaled herself on his thick, stiff cock and began riding it wildly. He bucked beneath her to drive himself deeper and harder into her. Kipp put his left arm around her, with his hand on the small of her back to steady her, while using his right thumb to tickle her clit. It was a struggle for him to hold back, as her soft, sweet, hot, wet pussy was so welcoming to his hard cock, but he wanted to make sure he held off long enough to get her off first, because nothing excited him more than watching a woman cum from his cock and expert hands.

Kipp moved his left hand up to the back of her head, threading his fingers into her still-damp hair and forcing her mouth to his as he plunged his tongue back into her mouth. Darla had to fight every bit of temptation to not moan and groan at Kipp's expert ministrations, as she felt like she was turning into a wild animal in the arms of this man. While continuing to ride up and down on his pole, she also grinded against his thumb to provide that delicious stimulation to her stiffening clit.

Kipp continued to kiss her deeply and passionately, but he had a better idea for that left hand than just holding the back of her head. Sensing that he wouldn't be able to hold back much longer himself, he knew he needed to get her over the edge soon, so he quickly reached behind her and slid one thick, rough finger into her ass, which was slippery from her pussy juices. She involuntarily gasped at the delight and he pressed his mouth against hers even harder, with his tongue buried deep in her mouth, to dampen the sound. 

Darla began panting in short, shallow breaths as her orgasm approached. She tipped her head back as the first wave hit her and he thrusted himself up and into her, fucking her so hard that he had to use the palm of that left hand to hold her ass and steady her. Still with the middle finger of his left hand in her ass, his right thumb rubbing her magic button, and his hard cock buried deep within her hot pussy, he began unloading blast after blast of his hot, sticky cum inside her. That combination pushed Darla to an even higher level, as she began squirting female cum all over his lap. Kipp could feel the contractions of her orgasming pussy squeezing and tightening around his dick as the last few drops of his cum oozed out, and he felt like he'd just had a once-in-a-lifetime erotic encounter, as he had never been with a woman who was capable of squirting, much less having one squirt all over him - but it was the hottest thing he'd ever experienced!

Silently, they got up and dried themselves off, then put their clothes back on. Kipp gave Darla one last deep kiss before going back into his room and closing the door.

* * *

Darla woke up the next morning and couldn't believe the wild dream she had that night about Kipp. "It was so hot, it seemed almost realistic!" she marveled to herself before heading down to the breakfast buffet for a cup of coffee.

Walking back with her coffee, she passed Kipp in the hall and smiled at him. "Wow, Kipp, I had the wildest dream last night - and you were in it!"

Inquisitively, he looked at Darla and chuckled, "Really? That's weird! I had a dream about you, too!"

"You did? What happened in your dream?" she asked curiously.

"It's kind of embarrassing, but let's just say that in my dream I ended up in your room."

Darla's face turned beet red and her eyes widened in surprise, "But that's what happened in MY dream, too!" 

Awkwardly, Kipp asked, "Ummm.. did we end up doing it in your bathroom in your dream?"

Darla's eyes took on that familiar devilish twinkle as she suddenly realized that it wasn't a dream after all. She and Kipp had actually had that wild encounter for real. "Yes, as a matter of fact, we did. And you, my dear, were amazing!" she said with a wink.

As the realization suddenly dawned on him, too, he grinned, leaned forward and whispered softly in her ear "So were you, baby, so were you," before brushing past her to go get his own cup of coffee.

She stood there for a moment in stunned silence, before laughing and shaking her head, "Yep, hockey parents are a special breed!"