 *** Note: This is the fifth and final installment of a story originally submitted for the Winter Holidays 2012 contest. I hope you've enjoyed the series, and I hope you like the conclusion; please take a minute to leave a comment to tell me what you liked or what you didn't. ***



On the 11th day of Christmas, Wendy woke me up by caressing my balls, and she kept up while we talked about the previous evening.

"What did you think of last night, Col?"

"It was fantastic!" I said.

"No regrets?"

"No regrets," I assured her. "You?"

"Not really. I guess maybe a little part of me was hoping you'd be insanely jealous at seeing me go down on somebody else. But that feels like kinda the old me, y'know? That part of me is kinda shocked that I actually did that. But DAMN it was hot, watching you watch me suck him and stroke him. And when you licked his cum off my chest? I thought I was gonna turn inside out, I came so hard."

"If you ever went down on somebody else without me, I WOULD be insanely jealous," I said. 

She slid half-way on top of me. "I would never, never do that," she said sincerely, and kissed me. 

"I know," I said as we slowly moved our hips against each other's sex. "And that's a big part of why last night was such an incredible turn-on for me. Watching you suck him and knowing you were mine? I kinda didn't want you to stop, to be honest."

"Really? You'd be OK with me giving somebody the full treatment?"

"I'm not sure yet if I'd be OK with somebody else coming in your mouth, but short of that, yeah: I'd love to watch you give somebody what you give me."

"I think that could be arranged," she said, smiling impishly. Then she kissed me again and said, "We'd better cut this out, or you'll get today's present early." She started to roll off of me, but I held her tightly.

"You say that as if it's a bad thing," I said, smiling back and squeezing her breast.

"Hmmmm," she said. "I do have big plans for you tomorrow night, and an early present would let you rest up a little longer ..."

She slid up and over a little, then slid down, guiding me into her. She rode me while I sucked her breasts, then turned around into a reverse cowgirl and rode me some more while I played with her clit. When she could tell I was getting close, she climbed off and rolled onto her back, pulling me on top of her. The change of position renewed my stamina, and we did it missionary style for a while. When she got close herself, she pulled her knees up to her chest, our favorite position, and I drove into her with long thrusts until we came together. 

After a while, we showered together. I started to get hard again while she was washing my crotch, but she gave me a swat on the butt and said, "Save that for tomorrow night, you insatiable slut!" 

After breakfast, Wendy went to pick up our daughter from her sleepover while I checked some job listings. The three of us went sledding on a hill outside of town just after lunch, then went to a free family movie and played some board games together. It was a very nice day together, and I realized only later that one of the nicest things about it was that I hadn't thought about how different it was for us; things had started getting better less than two weeks ago, but our relationship had improved so much so fast that it already felt normal to have a happy marriage. There were still some important unresolved issues, and we'd need to have some painful conversations in the weeks ahead, but I felt much calmer and more hopeful about those issues, and I hoped it would last.

When we woke the next morning, Wendy said, "You know, today is the 12th day of Christmas."

With an exaggerated sigh, I said, "Yeah, I know."

"Well, I want you to know two things. First of all, my parents are coming over tonight to babysit, and we are going to end this string of presents with some fireworks. And second of all, don't be planning on much rest just because the 12 days of Christmas are over. We might take a day off here and there, but we are going to keep fucking like bunnies for a long time."

"Excellent!" I said, smiling broadly.

"Now go shower and get dressed," she said. "Don't forget we're going bowling this morning."

It was a birthday party for a friend of our daughter's, and the parents weren't actually expected to bowl. We sat and watched our daughter have a blast with her friends, and had a good time talking with the other parents. We all kinda did our own things that afternoon, and Wendy served an early dinner. Her parents arrived just as we finished cleaning up in the kitchen. 

"Ready, Col?" Wendy asked.

"Am I dressed OK?" I asked. I was in chinos and a button-down shirt with an open collar, and I had no idea where we were going.

"You're fine," Wendy said. Then she gave our daughter a hug and kiss. "Have fun with grandma and grandpa!" she said. "We'll see you in the morning."

"OK, mom, I will," our daughter said. I hugged and kissed her, too, even as Wendy was tugging on my sleeve. "Come on, Col, we don't want to be late." To her parents, she said, "Don't wait up."

With Wendy giving me directions, I drove to a town about 50 miles away. My puzzlement grew by the mile, since I didn't think we knew anybody out that way and the town itself didn't have much to recommend it. Wendy directed me into a suburban neighborhood with big homes set far apart, and told me to stop at one that already had 15 or 20 cars parked in front. I found a spot a little ways down the street and parked, and we walked to the door holding hands. She still hadn't given me even a hint of what was happening.

We rang the bell and were greeted warmly by a middle-aged woman who seemed very friendly but unremarkable, except for the fact that she answered the door in a lacy red chemise with a neckline that plunged below her navel and red fishnet stockings. It was a sluttier look than I really like in lingerie, but she had the body for it, and she smiled when she noticed my stunned look. 

Wendy introduced us – first names only, I noticed – and the woman told us her name was Nicky and said, "Oh yes, the new couple. I'm glad you decided to come." To Wendy, she continued, "Have you told him yet?" When Wendy shook her head, Nicky looked at me and said, "We usually insist on talking to both members of a new couple before inviting them, but your wife was very convincing, and we agreed to let her surprise you. Well, surprise! You're at a swinger's club."

I must have looked even more stunned as I turned to Wendy. Even with all the new things we'd tried in the last 11 days, I couldn't have imagined this. Before I could say anything, she said, "Don't get TOO excited. This is about watching and being watched, that's it. Can you live with that?"

I nodded, and Nicky said, "Good. That's the first thing we insist on: Couples have to agree on what's in bounds and what's out of bounds. Just a few other rules, and then I'll give you a quick tour. Rule number one: No means no. Anyone not respecting this rule will be asked to leave immediately. No drugs, no smoking anything anywhere in or around the house. Leave your smartphones and any other cameras in the lockers. Food and drinks only in the kitchen and dining room. Clean up after yourselves, and sit on a towel if you sit on anything other than a bed. And if you happen to meet anyone you know, never mention it except when you're here, and you can trust that they'll do the same." She said all this with a smile and with the practiced air of someone who's given the same speech over and over.

"Most everyone who's coming is already here, but things haven't really heated up yet. Folks are mingling in the great room. Let me give you a quick tour, and then I'll introduce you."

She showed us around the house. The main floor was quite normal; a nice house, well furnished and tastefully decorated, with one very spacious bedroom, which Nicky said was off limits to guests. Upstairs there were three mid-sized bedrooms with king beds; Nicky called these the "private rooms", explaining that people who wanted to swap partners or have same-room sex would close the doors if they wanted privacy or leave them open if they didn't mind an audience, but we weren't to join in unless we were invited. There was also one huge room with the floor almost completely covered by mattresses; this was the "party room." "You can watch in here without joining if you want, but if you get naked in this room, anything goes. You can still say no to people, or to things you don't want to do, and no means no – but you might have to say it, because people will assume you're up for anything in here."

She showed us three bathrooms and said we were welcome to use them for anything, except that water sports were allowed only in the green bathroom. "Don't worry about that, not our thing at all," Wendy said. One corner of my brain registered surprise that Wendy knew what water sports were, and relief that she wasn't interested.

"Well, that's our humble club," Nicky said. "We're thinking about putting a dungeon in the basement – some hooks on the walls and floors for handcuffs, maybe a cage, a sex swing, that sort of thing – but there hasn't been much demand for it from our members, so it's a pretty simple place."

"You have a beautiful home, and it's exactly what I was hoping for for tonight," Wendy said.

"Why don't we head back downstairs and I'll introduce you to ... Oh, here's a couple I want you to meet right now," said Nicky as a couple who looked to be in their mid-30s reached the top of the stairs. "Colin, Wendy, meet Paul and Stacy. They're regulars here, and they love to have an audience." Turning to them, she continued, "Colin and Wendy are virgins, and tonight they just want to watch and maybe be watched."

Handshakes and hellos all around, and Stacy said, "OK, look, I know we just met, but you seem like nice people, and Paul's been out of town this week and I can't wait to jump his bones. If you want to watch, you're more than welcome; we'll be in that first room on the left."

It was an easy call for me; Stacy was very pretty, with shoulder-length brown hair, brown eyes, and dimples in her cheeks when she smiled. Her short skirt showed off her runner's legs, and although her blouse was loose it hinted at the kind of perky, not-too-big breasts I love. I thought Paul had kind of a dumb jock look, and the body to go with it: 6-3 and maybe 220, hair in a buzz cut, no neck – not really Wendy's type. But as soon as they passed us in the hall, Wendy caught my glance and rubbed her eye, a code we used to use to say "Yes" to something without letting anyone else know. 

I said to the backs of Paul and Stacy, "We're right behind you, thanks." Wendy took my hand and we followed them into the first bedroom on the left.

They kissed each other hungrily, like a pair of teenagers who'd finally found some time away from their parents. They broke the kiss long enough for Paul to pull Stacy's blouse over her head, then resumed while he unzipped her skirt and let it drop to the floor. Stacy stepped out of it and kicked it aside, then knelt and started working at Paul's belt and pants. Paul took a moment to turn to us and say, "Please forgive us, we do love having an audience but we don't tend to interact with them much. Feel free to move around, get whatever views you want, and if you want to get busy with each other be our guests. Just don't expect a conversation with us, sorry."

By this time, Stacy was pulling his shorts down, and she took him straight into her mouth. He bent over and unhooked her bra, and she shrugged it off, exposing the perfect breasts I'd expected: probably 34B, beautifully round, with pert little nipples sticking straight out. She pulled off of him, but only long enough to push him down to sit on the edge of the bed, giving Wendy and me the first real look at his cock. (Yes, I admit it again, I looked. I dare you to be in my situation and not look.) I guessed it was a little shorter than mine but fatter, at least 2 inches across and maybe a little more. Glancing at Wendy, I saw her eyes were wide. Then the top half of his cock disappeared inside Stacy's mouth again. She didn't go all the way down, and I noticed that the muscles in her throat weren't moving, meaning she wasn't using her tongue much. Still, Paul was obviously enjoying himself.

Wendy crawled up onto the bed and lay on her stomach, propped up on her elbows with her head a foot or so away from the action. I lay on my side next to her and propped my head on one hand to watch from about the same angle, caressing her back through her blouse. Stacy looked up at us and smiled with her eyes, pulled off and licked his shaft from balls to tip, then started bobbing up and down on him again. Paul unbuttoned his shirt, and this must've been a signal between them because as soon as he undid the last button, she stopped sucking him, stood up long enough to wriggle out of her panties, and started kissing her way up his chest. When she was up far enough, he held his cock with one hand and she eased down onto him. I thought to myself that he's as lucky as I am, to have a wife who gets wet from sucking him, but she didn't get down very far; she raised back up, rubbed her clit a little, then stuck a finger inside herself and slid it in and out a few times. Then she pulled the finger out and rubbed her lips with it, then eased down onto him again. This time she took him all, and they both moaned.

Wendy climbed over me to move closer to Paul's head for the view she wanted; I got off the bed and knelt a few feet behind Stacy, where I could see his fat cock sliding in and out of her glistening pussy. In just a few minutes, I saw his balls tighten, and he grabbed Stacy's hips and thrust into her harder a few times; then his butt cheeks clenched and he drove in all the way and stayed there, his hips bucking with his orgasm. She kissed him and climbed off, grabbed a handful of tissues from the box on the nightstand, scooped up her clothes, and almost shyly excused herself. He wiped himself off with a tissue, put his pants back on, and said, "Thanks for watching. I hope you liked it."

We both thanked him politely as he left, and then turned to each other, speechless for a moment. Finally I said, "Didn't seem like much of a show to me."

"I know, right?" Wendy said. "It started off pretty hot, but then he hardly even touched her, and I don't think she came at all. How can a guy get naked with a woman who looks like that and not do any better than that?"

"I agree. And I don't think her blowjob was very good, either. He seemed to like it, but maybe he's just never had better."

"They seem happy enough together, so I guess we shouldn't judge," Wendy said. "And I saw enough to know I want to see a better show than that. Let's go find one."

The door to the bedroom across the hall was closed; we heard enthusiastic sex going on in there, but we remembered we weren't supposed to open a closed door, so we moved down the hall. There we found two couples naked on the bed beside each other. One man and one woman were half sitting, half lying on some pillows, and the other man and woman were going down on them. They all looked to be about our age, mid-40s; they weren't athletes and they weren't gorgeous, but they took care of themselves and were pleasant looking. The woman who was sitting up saw us, smiled, and beckoned us in. To her partners, she said, "We have company." To us, she said, "Hi! Make yourselves comfortable; we're just getting started."

It was a king bed, and they were close together in the middle. Wendy sat on the bed next to the woman, and I went around to sit on the other side next to the man; this gave us each almost point-of-view on some slow, patient oral sex that obviously was pleasing to both the receivers and the givers. The givers made brief eye contact with each of us, and the man picked his head up long enough to smile and say "Welcome" and then went back to his task. After five minutes or so, the man sitting next to me asked the room in general, "Time to switch?" There were murmurs of assent, and we got off the bed to give them room. Only the men switched places; the two women stayed where they were. I hadn't figured out who was married to whom here, and they didn't seem to care so I decided I didn't either. The oral sex resumed, the same leisurely licking and sucking proving the givers enjoyed giving as much as the receivers enjoyed receiving. "These are my kind of people," I thought. I caught Wendy's eye and could tell she felt the same.

Another five minutes or so, and someone asked again whether it was time to switch. More murmurs of assent, and this time the two women switched places. And about five minutes later, the men switched places again. They had this down to a science: Everybody had given to and received from everybody else of the opposite gender. I found myself wondering what would happen in another five minutes. This time it was more of a rearrangement than a switch. The man who'd been getting his cock sucked stood up over the woman who'd been getting eaten, and she started to suck him. Meanwhile, the woman who had been sucking cock before moved over, got her knees under her hips, and started licking the other woman's clit while the other guy moved behind her to take her doggy style. Then they went through the whole routine again: The men switched places; then the women switched; and then the men switched again. Wendy and I were kind of awestruck; the freedom and openness these two couples shared, and the obvious enjoyment they all found in every arrangement, were incredibly erotic – not to mention my first live view of women going down on each other. "There's one fantasy fulfilled," I said, thinking it was every bit as hot as I'd imagined it would be.

Their next rearrangement had them coupled off, having sex. One couple was in the missionary position, man on top; the other couple did a cowgirl. That woman came first; it wasn't loud or thrashing, but even just watching I could tell it was deep and satisfying. As she came down from the crest, she began rolling her hips on her partner, slowly at first and then faster; soon he grabbed her hips and arched his back, and after a few seconds I could see some of his cum leak out of her slippery pussy and slide down his cock. I can't be sure, but I think she came again just as he finished. The other couple weren't far behind, and timed themselves to come together, clutching each other tightly. They all collapsed in kind of a heap, arms and legs entwined and caressing wherever their hands fell. 

We thanked them for letting us watch and told them how much we enjoyed it. "The best part was seeing how much each of you enjoyed everybody else," Wendy said. One of the women said, "We've been doing this together for a long time, and we all really do love each other. If you're ever lucky enough to find another couple you click with as much as we do, hang on and don't let go."

We thanked them again and left them to recover – or maybe to restart, I didn't know. As soon as we were in the hallway, Wendy pushed me up against the wall, grabbed my crotch through my pants and said, "I've got to have you. Now."

A small part of me realized we hadn't seen the party room in action yet, but one of the other bedroom doors was open and I was not prepared to resist as Wendy tugged me in there. We almost didn't notice the naked couple cuddling on the bed enjoying some afterplay. "Oh, excuse us!" Wendy said when she saw them. 

"Quite all right," the man said. "Carry on, if you like."

We did. We almost tore each other's clothes off, and Wendy pushed me down on the bed and was on top of me in no time. She was dripping wet, and I slid all the way in her quickly; she moaned deeply and held me in for a bit, then began rocking. I'd been turned on for so long I was nearly ready to explode, but she stopped just in time and said, "Oh no, not yet." She quickly moved down and began licking and sucking my balls and my perineum, which she knows drives me wild but won't make me come. After a few minutes she got up off the bed, pulled me over to the edge, and knelt in front of me. "My neck was getting sore," she said apologetically. No apology was needed, especially after she took my cock in her mouth and began licking and sucking and making me feel incredible.
