 This is part two of "The 2nd Sexual Revolution". If you haven't already done so I suggest you read part one first.

"John, the other night when we were talking you said you played some with your ass. I know this may seem really silly but I would like to watch you do it."

"Joyce, that goes way back to my high school days. I'd rather not."

"I have something to show you," as she giggled and opened a box that contained two dildos. "The small one is for you and the bigger one for me. I want to watch you fuck yourself while I use the other one."

"Joyce, you have been drinking. This isn't like you, even with AB-3."

She giggled and admitted that she and a girlfriend from school had stopped after work. "I just had one wine. Well, maybe two. You need to catch up. Let me get you a drink."

"This is going to be fun," Joyce promised as I sipped my rum and Coke. "This will work faster than wine. And I want to show you something."

Joyce took off her clothes and paraded in front of me. "Like what you see? My friend shaved my pussy. Do you like it? Come on, get naked."

She slid a finger between her newly bare pussy lips. "I think I look good. And you complained about stray hairs when you eat me. Here, put your hand on my pussy. Feels good, doesn't it? A lot of women are going bare. I hope I like it."

She looked so good. I took a couple of big swallows of my drink as she sat on my lap, sliding my cock into her pussy.

"Mmm, so good. I just love your big cock; it goes in so deep. I'd like to try it in my ass but it might be too big."

I leisurely thrust into her in the doggy position. That was my favorite since I could watch my cock go in and out. Joyce said I went deeper that way. Before we got real close she pulled off me, leaving my cock hard as a rock. Sitting opposite she spread some hand lotion on the bigger of the two dildos. She then rubbed it up and down her slit and then pushed it inside.

"Oh, John, this cock is almost as big as yours. Just imagine some guy pushing his cock into me, just like this. Wouldn't that be exciting? Maybe we could do that again some time."

She pulled the dildo out of her pussy and set it aside. "Now your turn. Get on your hands and knees. Come on, John. Don't be a spoil sport. Let's play."

Normally this entire episode would not be happening. But AB-3 and alcohol made resistance impossible.

Joyce put a glob of lotion on the smaller dildo and tried to push it into my anus. Nothing happened. She pressed harder and the tip penetrated a little. Gradually she worked all six inches into me. I had to admit it felt good as she stroked in and out.

"OK, now you continue while I fuck myself with the other dildo. God, this is so bad. It's like a guy is fucking me and another guy is fucking you. Wow."

I starting jerking my cock in tempo with the dildo I was thrusting into my butt. Joyce's pussy was getting red and engorged and she looked ready to come.

"Oh, damn, Oh fuck. Oh. Oooh," she exclaimed as she shoved the dildo deep and held it there.

Seeing her climax, I rapidly thrust my dildo in and out. The friction against my prostate quickly brought me over the top. My cock pulsed and squirted into my hand. I went to the bathroom to wipe off the lotion. Returning to bed I snuggled up behind her.

"I'm so bad, John. I don't know why I wanted to do that. Don't be mad at me. But it was really exciting watching. Did you like watching me fuck myself?"

"Yes. Would you really like another guy's cock in you again?" "Don't be mad, but yes."

*****

Another week on AB-3 went by. The MRI scans looked very good.

After class I stopped at the lab to pick up Joyce. She and Robert were bubbling with excitement. "We are ready for our FDA first submissions!" Robert exclaimed. "This is great!"

They told me that this was a very significant step in getting AB-3 approved. Robert opened a bottle of champagne and poured three glasses.

The celebration continued with a second bottle.

Joyce snuggled up to me on the chair. "This is really big, John. It could be worth millions. And part of it is mine," she gushed. "Robert is so smart."

She put her mouth to my ear. "Honey, I want to celebrate, really celebrate. I want you both."

"Both?"

"I want you and Robert to fuck me. I told you he used to be my lover. I want to share my pussy with him tonight. Can I do that? Please."

I was taken completely by surprise and didn't respond. She took that as approval and jumped up and kissed Robert. She rubbed his crotch and said she wanted him to fuck her. He looked at me. I nodded my head.

Joyce removed her clothing and stood before us. Her sexy 24-year old body glistened with sexual desire. "Notice anything different?" she asked Robert, pointing to her newly bare pussy. "You were my first. I want you to fuck me now. Then John," as she pulled him into the back room to a small bed. "You remember, Robert, this is where you took me that first time. Now take me again."

Robert quickly shed his clothes. I stood in the doorway, astounded at Joyce's sexual heat. But I did have one small satisfaction: Robert's cock was noticeably smaller than mine.

"Come over here and watch," Joyce told me. "Watch his cock go into me."

Robert wasted no time in penetrating my girl. He set up a steady rhythm and Joyce's pussy was leaking juices. He fucked her for several minutes before filling her pussy. He withdrew from her engorged pussy but she hadn't cum yet.

"Now, honey, your turn. I want you to eat my pussy. Bring me to climax."

"Your pussy's full of Robert's cum!"

'Yes, I know. I want you to suck out all of it. You're my boyfriend, make my pussy yours again. Please. I really want you to do it."

Somehow I was persuaded to scoot between her legs and lap up the leaking fluids.

"Can you taste him? Here, let me push some more out. I want only your cum in me. Get it all."

As soon as Joyce came I pushed my cock into her well-lubricated channel. She felt really good and I didn't last long. I hoped Robert got a good view of my big cock stretching her pussy.

Back home, Joyce and I couldn't decide if AB-3 plus alcohol was good or bad. In an uncontrolled situation it easily would result in sexual experimentation. Maybe that was ok. I had been put off some when Joyce first told me Robert had been her lover. Now I had allowed him to fuck her. And even ate his cum from her pussy!

*****

The next day Robert apologized. "I had no right to intrude into your personal relationship with Joyce. If I have an excuse it's that I also started taking AB-3 several days ago. Last night was the first time I drank alcohol with it. I wasn't ready for the dramatic reduction of inhibitions. You both told me but actually experiencing it was unbelievable."

"Robert, I could have taken Joyce home, but I didn't. I could have told her no, but I didn't. I could have stopped things, but I didn't. And, unbelievably, I even ate her pussy after you fucked."

"I have to tell you, that was the most erotic thing I have ever witnessed," Robert remarked.

"I think Joyce would like to do it again. Sometime."

"Me too."

A few days later we did an encore. This time I fucked Joyce first. Then she made Robert eat her pussy. That seemed only fair. And then she sucked me back to hardness while he fucked her. We took a break and then Joyce wanted to try us both. She got on top of me and shoved my cock into her pussy. Robert's smaller cock had no trouble sliding into her ass from behind.

With much laughing and giggling, Robert and I finally got a rhythm going. Joyce was thrashing around so much it was hard for Robert to stay inside. The third time it slipped out he missed her ass. At that moment my cock was mostly out of her pussy and his cock slipped in from behind. Then when I pushed, my cock slid in next to his. "Oh, what happen? Ow, that hurts," Joyce yelled. "Are you both in my pussy? It's too tight."

I backed my cock out until just the head was in, pressing against his cock. Then I slowly pushed in just a bit and then went a bit deeper with each thrust. Robert held steady. Her pussy slowly expanded and I was able to keep going further. And then I was in. And so was Robert. My cock was mashed up against his.

Joyce was moaning as both cocks filled her. Robert, having the smaller cock, started stroking back and forth. His cock was rubbing along mine, in effect masturbating us.

"God, that's so tight. I can't believe we're both in you, Joyce," he said with wonder.

His position was hard to maintain and after a few more strokes he withdrew and reinserted into her ass. We were able to resume a rhythm until he slammed his cock into her and came.

"Oh, I can feel your cock pulsing. And now I feel your hot cum in my ass. Try to stay inside me a little longer."

I was just a few seconds behind. Joyce pushed down hard, forcing my cock deep as we both had awesome climaxes.

We disentangled, dressed, and went home. Joyce said her ass felt fine but her pussy was sore. I hoped it would not be permanently stretched.

*****

We celebrated the end of the test period by announcing our engagement. Joyce and I were made for each other, with or without AB-3.

The project was proceeding well. Robert met with the corporate attorney to confirm the business arrangement. Robert retained 2/3 share of AB-3 ownership and Joyce owned the remaining 1/3.

He met with several major pharmaceutical firms to explore licensing of AB-3. There was definite interest but also reluctance to commit major corporate resources for advertising. Without public awareness AB-3 was financially very risky. And acceptable methods of extolling its features were uncertain.

A contract was eventually signed. If AB-3 achieved its potential Robert might be worth over a billion dollars and Joyce half that. But potential and actual were two very different things.

Joyce and I were married two months after the contract was executed.

And then something out of the blue caused interest in AB-3 to explode.

The lab was burglarized. People looking for drugs, the police said. The only drugs in finished form were AB-3 50mg dosages. Several hundred pills were taken.

A few days later some unusual events were breathlessly reported by the news channels. It seemed that people were suddenly participating in orgies. In broad daylight. In the park. One couple fucked on a park bench. Two other couples, plus several guys waiting, fucked on the teeter-totter. That must have been a sight! Arrests were made and most were released on their own recognizance. Many were again rearrested for illicit activities the next day.

At the university there was a sudden burst of sexual activity. Girls seduced guys in classrooms. Guys and girls ran nude through dorms. Local sororities and fraternities held raucous parties that spilled out into the front yards. Local make-out spots were busy. Pick-up bars reported an increase in business.

The chaos continued for several days and attracted huge national attention.

TV news featured numerous overt public displays of copulating, blurring out the details, of course. Authorities were at a loss to explain the causes. Some decried the total loss of common decency. Other blamed various illegal drugs. It was all a big mystery.

Until Robert stepped forth. With his attorney by his side he held a press conference.

"One week ago the laboratories of ConTacto were burglarized. Several hundred tablets of an experimental drug were stolen. We believe these tablets have been distributed and are causing the unusual reactions."

Amidst a barrage of reporter questions Robert went on to explain. "This drug, called AB-3, is a synthetic alternative to alcohol and, like alcohol, will reduce inhibitions. It was developed as a sexual aid. It obviously works! But like all drugs, the dosage is important. We believe some of the more extreme activities are the result of excessive dosages. AB-3 is extremely safe and can dramatically enhance sexual activity." He added with a laugh, "you could say we have seen 'an explosion of erections!'"

Now that really attracted news media attention.

Robert explained that a noted pharmaceutical firm has been licensed to produce and distribute the drug. "Testing on humans has already been conducted and results are being reviewed by the FDA. Approval is expected."

*****

The rest is history. A year later Robert and Julia sold their interest in AB-3. Robert retreated to his lab to explore some additional ideas.

Julia, now worth some $830 million (before taxes), and I embarked on a world cruise before considering new opportunities. Naturally we used AB-3 and on occasion even added alcohol for excitement. Throughout the extended cruise we partied with other couples.

"John, you know what I want to do?"

"Alter all we've done I can't imagine," I said with a laugh.

"I would like to have two guys play with us. You remember when we got together with Robert? And the time when you both had your cocks in me? My pussy was sore but it was so exciting. I'd like to do it again. I think there are lots of guys here that would love to fuck me."

"Of that I'm sure. You have a bubbly personality and a super sexy body. I see guys check you out."

"Actually I was thinking two guys to fuck me while you watch. Two guys with big cocks. Maybe I could get both cocks in my pussy. Or at least one in my pussy and one in my ass. Doesn't that sound like fun?"

"Not two cocks in your pussy, OK? That time with Robert stretched your pussy and I could feel the difference for a couple of days. And he isn't all that big. And your ass might have trouble with a bigger cock. Otherwise, I'm game. Do you anyone in mind?"

The next day we sat around the pool as Joyce searched for likely candidates. Per plan we both sipped margaritas (plus, of course, the AB-3) to reduce our inhibitions to a minimum. Joyce brought two guys over to me. Black guys.

"John, this is Eric and this is Joe. I just told them what we wanted to do. I don't think they quite believe me. Tell them."

OK, here goes. "We like to play with others. My wife, Joyce, would like to bring two guys to our bed. She wants to be fucked while I watch. Later I might join in. You can see she is a very sexy girl and I promise you will have a good time. Are you interested?"

"You're kidding, right? You want us to fuck your woman?" "Yep." "Baby, you want our big black cocks in your tight little pussy? You sure? We will stretch you out."

"Yeah, you know what they say, 'once you go black you never go back'," the other guy added with a big laugh.

"Baby, you sure are fine," the first one added. "My hose is already getting hard. You know, we don't like rubbers. So your pussy will be pumped full of our baby-making fluid. If that's not ok, better say so now." We invited them to our cabin suite in an hour.

"John, this is going to be so much fun. Thanks for letting me do this. Just go with the flow, will you?"

"Why two black guys?" "Well, I've never been fucked by a black guy, for one thing. And I figured they probably have big cocks. And I want to put on a big show for you. Just imagine both black cocks stretching my little white pussy!"

"Just one at a time. I like your pussy nice and tight. Some black guys have some really big cocks."

Regardless, an hour later two virtual strangers were nude in our bed. Joyce fondled two exceedingly large cocks and explained what she wanted to do. She started by sucking one cock while the other guy pushed his cock into her pussy. They set up a nice rhythm. I took out my phone and took a video of the action. Their cocks were really black and contrasted dramatically with Joyce.

After several minutes Joyce asked them to switch. The cock from her pussy glistened with her juices as she licked and sucked. "John, can you believe this. God, two great cocks filling me up. These guys know how to fuck!"

The guy in her pussy suddenly increased his tempo as his climax was near. "Baby, get ready. I'm going to fill you up. Fuck, you have a great pussy." "Oh, John, he's squirting inside me. I can feel it. Oh. I'm coming!"

He was bigger than me. Her pussy gaped open as he pulled out, his black cock shiny with their juices. I watched with fascination as her pussy continued to spasm. She momentarily stopped sucking on Eric's cock.

"You are a great fuck, Joe. Your cock is the biggest I have ever had. It really made my pussy tingle. Now, John, I want your cock in my ass. I'm so horny that I want to try to get it in. Now is the time.

"And Eric, since you haven't cum, stick your cock back into my pussy. Here, let me get on top. Yes, put it in. Now, John, straddle me and line up with my anus."

Getting my cock head past her sphincter took effort. Once the head was in I carefully and slowly pushed deeper. Joyce was holding her breath as my cock stretched her out. Finally, I was in.

"It feels like a baseball bat is shoved up my ass. John, don't move. Let me get used to it. Eric, go ahead and fuck me."

I felt the pressure of the guy's cock in her pussy. After some experimenting we started coordinating our movements. We eventually held steady while Joyce rotated and tilted her butt. Our cocks gently stroked in and out until he was near climax. His thrusts became deep and her movements caused my cock to slip out.

I got a good view of him ejaculating a really big load. Cum seeped between her lips and dripped down from her gaping hole. Her pussy throbbed and pulsed as she climaxed. I reinserted myself and came several minutes later.

"That was mind-bending. How could I be so lucky to have three studs in my bed. John, you are the best husband any girl could possibly want. Thanks for sharing!"

"Yeah, man. Your woman is a great piece of ass. Thanks for sharing."

Joe had a new erection. Joyce reached over and stroked its length and fondled his balls. Then she took my hand and placed it on his cock. "Feel how big it is, John. Can you imagine all of that went into my little pussy?"

She continued to use her hand and mine to stroke the guy's cock. Then she moved over and licked the head while our hands were still on it.

"That's it baby, suck my big black cock. Take it all the way."

She suddenly stopped sucking and turned around, putting her ass up against his cock. "Now that my husband has stretched my ass maybe I can fit you back there. Go real slow. Stop if I tell you.

"Wait, let me put some lotion on your cock."

He placed the tip at her anus and pushed without effect. He continued to push until part of the head disappeared into her ass.

"Keep going. So far it's ok. But stop if I say so"

Another minute and his cock head was almost inside. He fucked her with just the head. "Oh, you're so big. Thank god John already stretched me with his cock. That helps."

On the next stroke Eric shoved and penetrated half way. Joyce let out a scream of pain. "Oh, get it out. It's too much. It hurts!" He backed out, leaving just the head in. Ignoring her attempts to disengage, he shoved it in again, this time even deeper. She whimpered with each stroke.

He held onto her hips and thrust repeatedly into her ass. "Here it comes, baby." He pulled out of her gaping asshole and shot creamy cum on her ass crack.

"I think I got your woman properly broke in," he said with a laugh. "Look at her gaping hole."

The guys quickly gathered up their stuff and left. Joyce stumbled into the bathroom and took a shower. "Are you ok?" I asked as she returned to our bed. "Yeah, my butt's really sore. Not surprising. Once he got it started, though, the rest wasn't too bad. God, he had a big cock. Did you see?"

"I saw everything. I wanted to stop him when you screamed but then you settled down. I should have taken pictures of his big black cock in your white ass. But I totally forgot. I still can't believe he got it in. And your anus was gaping wide open when he pulled out."
