 It all started with an invitation to lecture at the national conference offered annually for earth science teachers. This year it was on the topic of hominoid biogeography and was being hosted by the University of California in Berkeley.  As a professor emeritus my enthusiasm was minimal at best as I felt that this would be just another typical boring meeting. I weighed the pros and cons and I hoped there would be some interesting extracurricular activities, e.g. scientific displays or demonstrations. I did notice that a major part of the agenda listed activities aboard a small cruise ship ported in San Francisco Bay and since the conference organizers offered to pay all my expenses, including travel, I agreed to go.  

Thus without further self debate I packed and took the next flight out to the west coast. A taxi whisked me to the port and in what seemed only a few moments I was entering the opening ceremonies in the main banquet room. It was during the welcome dinner I sat across from a lovely lady slightly younger than myself. She had an innocent but seductive expression and lovely green eyes, long soft brown hair, beautifully rounded hips, and stunning breasts. This composite caused a total fixation of my concentration on this first evening and the physical urges were fortunately concealed under the table. Emera was not only gorgeous; she was intelligent, witty and displayed a soft and gentle manner. She explained that her land grant university had awarded her a graduate teaching grant that provided moneys to attend this conference. 

We hit it off immediately, perhaps in part because my graduate work was at an adjoining state university but most likely due to the sexual chemistry that needed no explanation. It even seemed after careful chat that we both enjoyed a break from our regular occupations by writing erotic stories and poems. When fully disclosed we both chuckled and of course realized this fact would not be shared with any colleagues. In reflecting back it was during that first day Emera seemed to gaze my direction just slightly longer than normal. By the end of the second day we had developed a warm comfortable association. We had several conversations ranging from specific scientific matters connected with the conference to personal topics.  It was interesting that no matter what the topic we both seemed to fully enjoy the interchange. However, it was obvious that as the topics turned more and more to sexual matters the pleasure for both was greatly increased.

At the deck pool that second evening I saw her in a skimpy, tight bathing suit, which hardened more than just my resolve. Those magnificent breasts and the gentle curve of the pubic area just above the pussy were really distracting and my attention wandered far from the intended purpose of this conference.  How can one concentrate on such matters as continental drift or hominid evolution when the mind is occupied by what that lovely pussy would look and feel like.

On the third morning as Emera left the lecture room and moved past me she deliberately rubbed her breasts across my arm and with a smile she glanced up raising her eyebrows slightly. It was on this third day that she just about ruined my professional reputation while I was delivering my prepared talk on the topic; ‘Science and the Kansas Board of Education’.  To this day I can’t understand why she had to take a seat in the front row directly in front of the lecture podium.  Emera was wearing a very short skirt that as she knew revealed her thong panties to anyone in front and that would be me, the speaker. She displayed that smirk like smile and as she let her legs part the panties embedded themselves into the vaginal groove with the pussy lips puffing invitingly out each side. Yikkkes! And I’m trying to deliver a serious talk. Thank heaven or the stage crew for using a podium with a solid front. I recall also the gentleman next to her that kept dropping his pencil and looking up at her and hers as he retrieved it. And that smile.  Emera was a nut!  I loved it and why else would I conclude, I think that Kansas was right to side with whomever. I forgot whom. It was a bit embarrassing when I had to leave the security of the podium with my notes closely clutched across my groin, or as close as possible. 

It seemed, the host university graciously had arranged a boat cruise after dinner the third night. The group had enjoyed a good wine with dinner, which was later complemented by a few rum punches. On the boat, more punch was available, along with soft jazz and a beautiful summer maritime breeze. The music was hypnotic. She looked absolutely smashing in a tight wraparound dress of a silky slippery material that clung to every outline of her body.

After conferring with a couple of other researchers I looked for her but she was not in the main ballroom. As I wandered past the stairway, which leads to the upper deck, I saw her standing near the railing. As I moved to her side she gently reached out and grasped my hand. Without saying a word she then led me down a very narrow passage which passed through a storage area and led to a small open part of the starboard deck. This area was completely out of sight of the others on board but their voices and music were still audible. Her eyes contacted mine as she started sensuously dancing to the music.

It was at this time that Emera gave me the most pleasant shock of my life. She reached up and unsnapped her dress then slowly unzipped it. She had no undergarments beneath her dress and except for the high heels she was stark naked. She tossed her dress on the bench by the wall, leaned forward and started to gently and passionately kiss me. I remember her tongue and lips were moist and warm. She began by massaging her own breasts, which excited me immensely, and then she replaced her hands with mine. She slid her fingers over her own clit and into the pussy while still moving sexily to the music. I quickly removed my clothes and we continued the wild tongue kissing.

She took my cock in both hands, slid it tightly against the outside of her pussy, and started moving back and forth which brought a high point of frenzy and excitement to both of us.  At that point all I could do was whisper hoarsely “Oh Emera!" Her fingers continued to massage her clitoris and she started a prolonged and shuddering orgasm. When finished she used her fingers to transfer the wetness from her pussy to my cock and balls.

Smiling she next knelt down by the railing and engulfed my cock in her warm, sensuous mouth, and proceeded to use the tongue and lips to thoroughly give every sensation possible. She licked her own wetness off my shaft while she slid three of her fingers back into the pussy to make them slippery again. Then just as I started to cum, she moved her mouth back a little and ran that great tongue back and forth underneath the head of my uncircumcised cock. At the same time she slid one hand around my balls and squeezed in a very sensuous way. I looked down and found her eyes looking into mine and smiling lovingly. It was time and she never took her eyes off mines as my cum shot across her tongue and into her open mouth. Then she carefully and slowly squeezed the remaining cum from my cock and let it drip into her mouth.

We held each other in the cool breeze and reveled in the beautiful exchange we had just experienced. I expected at this point she would put on the dress and we would rejoin the party.  Emera was proving again she was full of surprises as she started to slowly kiss my somewhat limp cock. The sensation was explosive. I couldn't believe that she was getting me hard again so soon after I had ejaculated that much cum.

“Oh God, Emera!!” I gasped as she smiled up at me while licking and caressing my thighs. I knew it was now my turn to assist her to what she obviously wanted. I held her breasts while guiding her to the bench. I started licking her pussy being sure to tease a bit as well. For the next thirty minutes my tongue probed, licked, and circles her labial area making her wetter with each passing minute. My lips tugged on her pussy lips while my face enjoyed the wonderful texture of the pubic hair. My tongue played with her clitoris as it flicked and twirled it around. My fingers continue to explore those beautiful breasts and nipples. Her juices were flowing and I tried at first to suck it up but could not keep up.

Just about the time I thought my jaw would lock or fall off I felt her first spasm that was accompanied by an arousing moan. I was instantly renewed and to encourage the completion of the orgasm I continued to suck her hard erect clit. When she came, I slipped one finger in her pussy and the other up her well lubricated anus and was rewarded when I could feel her increase the intensity. She was so sensitive, that each small movement of my tongue made her renew the thrusting and would cum again. However, like all wonderful things it was past the climax and we finally sat together and while breathing hard we both smile and then kiss.  I could not resist as I placed my hand on Emera’s warm soggy pussy.

Hardly a minute passes before Emera moves over, pulls the bench away from the wall and motioned me over. She had me lie down on my back with legs drooped over either side. After making sure I was fully hard by using the magic of her mouth she straddled the bench and lowered her pussy onto my cock. She was wonderfully warm and tight and provided for me a great sensual contrast to the cool evening breeze.

At first she moved up and down thus letting my cock almost slip out before sliding tightly back down over it. I could see her beautifully rounded breasts in the moonlight and being transfixed by them and the wonderful emotion from the action of her pussy I started massaging both in a slow circular motion as her nipples slowly stiffened. She leaned over and starts tongue kissing me again. This forward movement resulted in her clit rubbing tightly against me with my cock totally buried inside. Instead of letting her continue moving up and down, I grabbed her warm firm buttocks and with one hand on each was able to tighten the contact between her clitoris and my pelvis. I moved my pubic region back and forth and she came again. It was so wild and good as she moaned then kissed me with such passion that I could hardly breathe.

Of course this had me on the verge of erupting but she had a different strategy. Just as I felt I was going to cum she used her hand to grip the base of my prick, which calmed my excitement for a moment. Then after a few minutes she again tightened her pussy around me. She repeats this a couple of times and it drives me wild. She told me later I just kept saying “Emera, Emera, Oh Emera.” What a vocabulary I demonstrated.

The combination of her soft, supple breasts, passionate kissing, and tightening pussy overwhelmed me. I came inside of her in a tremendous orgasm without moving my cock at all. We held each other closely for another ten minutes, and then got dressed. When we rejoined the party, two hours later, the boat was returning to the dock. This magnificent evening was the start of a long friendship. 

I have to add this footnote ... We even made the last lecture session the next day but only after a special review conference in my stateroom to go over data for the upcoming talk. Well, that is what we started out doing. We would meet again later in the summer. We decided to travel by RV across various parts of the west .. but that would have to be another story. 

Finis