 Patti walked into the playroom and saw Ted watching something on the laptop. "Are you lookin' at porn again???" she asked teasing him. 

"Who me!? Never!" he said as she went and sat down next to him on the sofa. There on the screen were two men and a woman. The woman was sucking one cock and the guy getting sucked was sucking the other guy off. "Doesn't this look so hot honey?" Ted asked her. All three people were moaning, the woman was sucking the guy's cock and she was rubbing her wet slit.

"Oh yes, very hot." she said hoping Ted was in the mood. Patti was in the mood, his job had kept him so busy the last few weeks they hadn't had much time for love making.

"It sure would be fun to have a someone who was Bi around for some fun baby." he said as he reached over and took her hand. "I've been thinking." He noticed she was wearing a bathrobe and her hair was still damp from her shower.

"Uh-oh! You've been thinking." she said teasing him. "What have you been thinking?"

"Well remember how we were talking about renting out the spare room to a college student." he said as they continued to watch the video. 

"Yes." she said liking that idea. 

"I was thinking maybe it's time to put an ad on Craigslist, and see what happens." he said as he reached over and slid his hand inside of her bathrobe. "Mmmm nothing under I like that." he said as he leaned over and kissed her neck.

"Are you serious honey?" she asked as she felt his fingers on her skin.

"Oh yes, very." he whispered in her ear as he reached for her right tit. "Mmmm." he thought as he felt her nipple already hard. "Hello Girls." he said as he untied her robe and let it fall open. "Daddy has missed you." he said caressing her tit.

"Hello Daddy." she said as he bent down and took her right nipple into his mouth gently sucking on it. "Yeah Daddy." she moaned as she put her hands in his hair and held him close to her. She liked the way he flicked his tongue all over her nipple, as he reached for the other one. "I think Daddy is horny."

Ted didn't answer her he just continued to suck her nipple, going from one to the other. He did love to play with "The Girls".

He pulled away from her and kissed her deeply. "Let's do it baby, put an ad on Craigslist and see what happens." he suggested.

"Alright, then can we play some more, you got the girls all excited." she said as she pulled her robe around her.

"Baby you put this ad on Craigslist and I'll give you anything you want." he said signing off of Pornhub.

"Okay we're on Craigslist where I can place an ad." Patti sat for a few minutes and thought. "How does this sound honey, 'Are you a young college student in need of an inexpensive place to live? We have a spare bedroom, we will supply room and board in exchange for help around the house. Are you Bi-curious and would like to learn, we will teach. Wife is Bi- and Husband is Bi-Curious. We do love to play and have fun.

Must be drug free and very clean. You can contact us through the following email ****60@yahoo.com. Please send a picture of yourself dressed and undressed and the wife will do the same."

"Sounds good to me, do you think we'll get any answers." Ted asked as Patti put the ad in and waited for the confirmation email that it had been posted. Setting the laptop on the coffee table she made sure her robe came open.

"Oh I'm sure we will." She said as he reached for her tits again.

"This has got me hot baby, thinking of a bi-student living under our roof." Ted replied as he began at her shoulder kissing and licking her neck, working his way down to her right breast, teasing her nipple with the tip of his tongue.

"Mmmm." she moaned, she loved when he licked and sucked her tits.

Ted took her by the hand and helped her up and then led her to one of the Queen sized beds. "Undress me." he told her as she stood in front of him.

Patti pulled his sweat shirt up slowly, kissing her way down his chest as she did. She took one of his nipples into her mouth and gently flicked her wet tongue across it. 

Ted gasped as he felt her flicking her tongue across his nipple. "So good baby, yeah." he moaned as put his arms around her pulling her closer to him. "Awww fuck baby that feels good." He pulled his sweatshirt off and put his hands in her hair.

He loved the feeling of her body next to his, he didn't care that over the years she had gained some weight he loved her no matter what.

"Mmmm." she moaned as she sucked his nipple into her mouth, she felt him hold her tighter in his arms. "Like that baby?" She said pulling away and looking up at him.

"Oh yes, I love it baby girl." he said as he undid the hair clip holding her hair up. Her long hair fell down her back.

Patti went back to sucking his nipples, gently biting one. 

Throwing his head back a little Ted loved the sensations she was giving him. He tangled his hands in her hair as she licked and sucked his nipples going from one to the other. "Awww do it baby suck my tits." he groaned as she continued to suck his nipples. Reaching down she grabbed the waistband of his sweat pants and undies. Ted bent down and softly licks her neck. "I love you baby." he whispers to her as she pulls his sweats and undies down. Kissing her way down his chest she tugs his sweats and undies down, he steps out of them.

Pulling away from him she looks up at him and not saying a word she reaches for his hardening cock. Stroking him, she sits down on the bed. He continues to run his hands through her hair. He knows how hot this makes her. Patti reaches down with one hand and gently strokes his balls. 

Patti takes him by the hand and pulls him onto the bed with her. Ted gets comfortable and lies back on the bed. God she knows how to make him feel so good. She makes sure he is comfortable, he spreads his legs and she crawls down between them. Looking up at him she bends her head and she licks his balls, gently. Sucking them into her mouth one at a time. Still stroking his cock, he loves the way she makes him feel. "Yes." he moans as she sucks them one after the other.

Ted closes his eyes and just enjoys the sensations, one thing he does know is she does know how to give head. He loves the feeling of her hot,wet mouth on his cock and balls. 

Patti moans as she sucks his balls, she loves the feeling of them in her mouth.

Making them so wet with her spit, this makes her so hot. He pulls her up slightly, she knows what he wants. She loves that she can make him hard.

"Suck me." he tells her looking down at her, gripping her hair a little tighter.

"Take my cock, suck it now baby." He tells her as she licks her way to the head of his cock. She takes the head of his cock into her mouth as he moans, "Mmmm make love to my cock."

She goes back and forth sucking and then nibbling his cock, pulling away and flicking her tongue over the head of his cock. 

"Ummm, you know just how to please me." he tells her as he holds each side of her head and he gently thrust his hips to give her more of his dick. Opening her mouth wider she takes his cock a bit deeper. "Take it." he tells her.

Patti reaches down with one hand and strokes his balls at the same time. All she can think is "Give me your cock baby." She loves how it feels in her mouth.

Damn, he is loving the way she is stroking his balls and sucking his cock at the same time. " Mother fucker." he moans as she suddenly deep throats him, taking his cock as deep as she can. "Suck it baby lick that cock."

She sucks him a bit faster, in and out of her mouth. Pulling her hair a bit harder he fucks her mouth. "Mmmm." she moans tasting his pre-cum. Pulling away from him she looks up at him.

"I'm your slut." she tells him as she goes back to sucking his cock.

"Yes you are, Daddy's slut." he tells her as he thrusts at her and holds her hair tight. Watching her giving him head makes him so hot. 

"Take Daddy's pre-cum." he moans as she sucks him harder. " Nibble on my cock head." he tells her as she sucks him faster and deeper. "Fuck Patti, do it." he suddenly pulls her closer forcing his cock down her throat. He knows it won't take him long to cum this time. He had been so busy at work and so exhausted when he gets home he usually just had time to shower, eat dinner and fall into bed. He had been planning to make it up to her, he finally got an entire weekend off and was going to enjoy it. The way she was making him feel he knew he wouldn't last long this first time.

Patti takes his cock as deep as she can, feeling him holding her down, thrusting into her mouth. In and out he fucks her mouth, he is loving this. Holding her down as long as he can he pulls out, then rams it back down her throat. "Take it my whore, take my cock all the way." he looks down at her and watches as she takes him all the way. She is such a slut and he loves it. "Mmmmm oh yeah, gonna cum soon." he tells her as she sucks his cock harder. "Suck harder baby, that's it." he moans as she sucks as hard as she can. She can feel his cock getting harder she knows he's going to cum soon. She wants to feel and taste him filling her mouth with his cum.

Faster and deeper he fucks her mouth, damn she can suck dick. He holds her down on his cock.

"Awwwww fuck! Cumming baby do it suck my man juice out of my dick!" he says as his cock explodes in her mouth. "Yeah baby cumming." he holds her head tight as she takes spurt after spurt of his cum. Swallowing the last of his cum, he lets her go. "Omg! That was so good baby girl." he tells her as she licks and cleans his cock.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it baby." she said as she crawls up on the bed next to him. 

Pulling her to him he kisses her deeply tasting his cum on her mouth. 

"I'm sorry I didn't last long enough to make love to you, guess I just needed to cum."

"It's okay honey really, you can please me in other ways." she says with a wicked smile. 

"And how would you like me to please you? Hmmmm?" he asked knowing what he wanted to do for her.

"Anything you wish, I'm yours." she said as he slowly removed her robe.

"Mmmm yeah I do love to taste that sweet pussy of yours." he said kissing the side of her neck, she gasped this made her so hot and horny just the way he did it. "My sweet baby girl." he whispered as he continued to kiss his way down her neck, licking her "I love you." he said as he licked lower. 

"I love you too, I've missed you so much." she tells him.

Patti had her eyes closed enjoying the feelings he was giving her. It had been over two weeks since they had made love. But she understood his job was very important. When she had needed release she would play with her assortment of toys. It helped but wasn't as good as having Ted making love to her.

He slowly and steadily made his way lower, caressing her left tit while he teased her right nipple with his tongue. "Yummy...nipple." he said as he gently bit her nipple.

"Ooohhh." she gasped and look at him. "I like that." she moaned as he sucked on it and he pinched her other nipple. Flicking his tongue over her nipple was driving her wild, she loved it. "More." she said not wanting these feelings to stop. Ted squeezed her tit as he looked at her.

"Oh I'm going to give you more." he promised as he licked and nibbled his way lower. "I'm going to give you anything your heart desires." he whispered to her, looking at her he could see the lust in her eyes. 

"I want you." she said, needing him so very much. 

"You will have me." he said as he continued to lick and kiss his way down her belly. He kissed her panty covered pussy, she smelled so good after a shower. She smelled like Strawberries as he kissed her between her legs. He could feel the wetness of her panties.

Grasping the waistband of her panties he started to take them off of her. She lifted her hips and he pulled them all the way off of her. 

He kissed his way down one leg and back up the other, driving her wild. He avoided her pussy for the time being. She wanted him to touch her there so bad. He laid between her spread legs and licked and nibbled the insides of her thighs.

"Please." she moaned needing to cum.

"Not yet." he said as he looked up at her from between her spread legs. 

Ted spread her pussy. Opening her up he bent down and softly licked her. 

"Ummm." she gasped as she felt his tongue on her pussy. She reached down and grasped his hair, trying to pull his mouth deeper into her. 

She thrust her hips up at him, hoping he would give her what she needed. He wrapped his arms under her legs and he reached for her tits. He could hear her shallow breathing . Glancing up he saw she had her eyes closed enjoying his touch.

Teasing her with his tongue Ted sucked her lips into his mouth, gently sucking on them. She tasted so good, he could never understand why other men in her life didn't like to eat her sweet pussy. He loved it.

"Yeeesss." she hissed as he started to tongue her hole, God she loved the feel of his mouth on her. It made her so hot. She spread her legs as wide as she could, opening herself up to him. 

In and out he tongue fucked her, holding her open. She was squirming on the bed, not able to lie still. Pulling away from her he licked her pussy lips, avoiding her clit. He could see her hard little clit, he was going to make her wait for a bit longer.

"Baby please." she begged him, wanting to cum so bad.

"You want to cum don't you?" he asked as he looked up at her, he knew she needed to cum. He knew she had her toys but it wasn't the same thing as them making love.

Yes." she whispered, "Please?" she asked watching him as he licked two fingers and slowly pushed them into her wet hole. "Mmmmm." she groaned as she felt his fingers inside of her. "Do it." she said looking at him. "Fuck me."

"Oh I will." he told her as he went back to licking her. Her pussy was so tight around his fingers, in and out he fingered her listening to her moaning with every in and out motion of his fingers.

She did love the feel of his mouth on her slit. Raising her hips she wanted more of him.

Ted looked up at her and he watched her reactions as he licked her. Putting her legs on his shoulders he got as close to her as he could. "I'm going to make you cum." he told her. Before she could react he pushed another finger as deep inside of her as he could.

"Fuck yes." she moaned as he bent down and finally licked her clit. He kept up his steady pace of licking and sucking on her clit and fingering her tight pussy.

Moving away from her pussy he looks at her. "Cum for me." he tells her as he finger fucks her as deep and as fast as he can. She is so wet, thrusting her pussy wanting more.

She loved how he was making her feel. Reaching up to her chest he could feel how hard her heart was beating. She was panting and not able to lie still on the bed.

"Come on, cum for your lover man." he tells her wanting to taste her when she climaxes. He is pounding into her pussy with his fingers as hard as he can.

Patti is moaning and grunting feeling her climax getting closer and closer.

"Don't stop oh please don't stop." she begs him as she grabs her tits and pinches her nipples as hard as she can. Fuck, Ted was making her feel so good. 

He could tell she was on the edge of cumming and he took her hard clit back into his mouth, sucking on it, flicking his tongue all over it. 

Patti let out a loud moan as she started to cum . "Cuuummmiiinngg." she said as her climax hit her. "Fuck yes!" she cried out as he still fingered her deep and hard. "Fuck your slutty wife baby."

Ted felt her pussy walls contract around his fingers, tasted her pussy juice as she came. He held her to him tightly as she climaxed, she finally relaxed and her legs fell from his shoulders. He sat up trying to catch his breath, looking up at her she was doing the same. He crawled up next to her and took her into his arms.

"I think some little girl came." he said as he kissed her.

"Oh yes." she said as she snuggled next to him. "I love you." she told him as he held her tight.