 I have been trying to get into acting for along time. This play was my first big play and I knew if I got good reviews it could help my career.

One of the scenes called for a nude lovemakeing scene with myself and Jeff, a good looking black man. After weeks of practice Jeff suggested we start practicing seriously for the nude scene. As much as I tried I was still too nervous. I finally agreed he was right but asked if we could keep our underwear on, at least for now. It would let me keep some measure of descency and I thought it would help eas myself into the part. He said fine, what ever would help. This went on for a few days. Jeff would try to caress me or touch me intimetly and I would pull away. We did begin to kiss and touch each other more than before. I was beginning to loosen up but it was a slow process. One day Jeff wore this leopard print g string pouch that could barely contain him. He had no problem walking around the stage in it, I was still using a robe to cover myself when I was outside the bed covers.

This day I could feel his hard cock, and he made every effort to rub himself all over me. After the third re-do I felt something, Jeff had released his cock and it was poking into my belly. I made a face at him but he said that he was so big and hard the thong was hurting him. All I could think was how would I ever explain this to my husband. Jeff eased his hand down the front of my panties just petting me lightly. He said, "see it's not so bad". He moved a little and slid his hard cock down the front of my panties as he pulled his hand out. He grabbed both cheeks of my ass and just rubbed himself up and down over my little tuft of blonde hair. There were several others around the stage but no one knew had a clue what was really going on under the covers. There he said, "it's just pretend, just a little rubbing to get you in the mood", it will help. It was helping as far a that goes but... I wispered to him to please stop. Just then the director yelled out, last run through. When it came our time Jeff held my head and kissed me hotly and deeply. I was on top of him at the beginning and I could feel his cock sliding down the inside of my panties over my pussy. I was definitly turned on. I felt Jeff's hands moving all over my thinly covered ass.

Without notice he grabbed my panties on both sides and pulled down at the same time rolling me over on to my back. In one swift motion Jeff's cockhead was poised and touching my wet pussy lips, then it was pushing it's way into me. I'm a slight woman, 5'3', 105 pounds and he met more than a little resistance getting himself inside me, I struggled attempting to pull up and away to no aval. I wispered to him "please Jeff, no, I'm not taking birth control" but not wanting everyone to know what was happening I continued kissing him and doing the scene. He kissed me hard and pushed his cock even deeper into my pussy. We just layed there tongue kissing for a minute as I adjusted to his girth and size. He streached me to a new limit that day touching me where no man ever had before. He seemed to be taking out the weeks of frustration as he would pull part way out of me and then thrust deeply back into my tight pussy. He repeated this just three more times, growing bigger it seemed with each thrust, I let out some inadvertant sighs and then it happened. Jeff made a few grunts and some strange noises of his own and then his cock began to beat inside me like it had a heart beat of it's own. I knew then it was too late to do anything as Jeff thrusted himself one last time and his flood gates opened and I suddenly felt his hot black seed rushing into the depths of my pussy, blast after blast splashing the back of my womb. The force of his cum was unlike anything I had ever felt with my husband or the one other lover I'd had in highschool. Jeff continued to pump his hot juice into me for another 30 seconds, my pussy now involuntarily cleching his black meat, milking his every drop, all the time he continued kissing me and acting the scene. I think Jeff had most literally filled me up that day as I could feel his hot cum flowing out of my pussy with no where to go, running down my crotch. As the focus moved to some others on the stage I just layed there thinking to myself, what had I let happen. Jeff layed there, his cock still hard and still imbedded deeply in my pussy. This was all just supposed to be pretend and I had just had the fuck of my life. Jeff wispered to me "that was the best" and said it should definitly help put me at eas so I could play the part comfortably. At that moment I could have easily fucked him again but then everyone would have known for sure. Instead Jeff rolled off of me, I quickly pulled up my panties, climbed out of bed, put on my robe and walked to the dressing room. It certainly did put me at eas, I had no trouble after that with that scene or any nude scene.