 The sun was just beginning to rise on this clear summer day. I had planned an overnight camping trip to mountains with my family, but at the last minute, my wife couldn't go due to an emergency at work. My daughter still wanted to go, and asked if she could bring her friend. The wife thought it was a good idea, so off to the mountains we went. I was looking forward to getting away from the busy city. The mountains would be refreshing.

When I was in college, I enjoyed exploring the back roads of the mountains. Some were really just firebreaks. It was great fun to head into the wilderness, unsure of what one might find. I recalled exploring a particular road that lead to a beautiful lake, and I was sure my four-wheel drive Jeep would get us there if the road still existed. One thing for sure, if I did find the lake, we would be the only ones there. We had driven about 2 hours when I saw the overgrown entrance to road. No one had been on it for years. It looked passable; so I turned onto the road. We were looking for an adventure. What we got was so much more than we could have ever guessed.

The road was in terrible shape. We had to move a small fallen tree that blocked our path. The going was rough and slow, and I was hoping we would find the clearing I remembered. I didn't want to drive the jeep backwards for miles to get out of there since the road was too narrow to turn around. We came over a rise and there it was. The clearing afforded a view of a very beautiful lake. It was just as I remembered it years ago. The girls in the back seat, as if in tune with each other just said, "Wow!" I had to laugh. I found a nice place to set up camp and stopped the Jeep. 

My daughter Char was the first one out. She is an eighteen-year-old blonde with brown eyes. She took after her mother with good-sized breasts, a well shaped body, topped off with a beautiful smile. Her friend, Lori, is a redhead with piercing deep green eyes. I have to admit, I've had a few very hot fantasies about her while making love to my wife. As I shot my load deep into my wife, I imagined it was Lori's fertile unprotected womb I was filling with my seed. I could almost feel her wrapping her teenage legs around me crying out, "Fill me with your hot seed, I love to feel you cum inside of me...." If my wife had even suspected such fantasies, I would have been sleeping with the dog.

The girls put on their bikinis and found a place to get some sun. I couldn't help notice they both had turned into very sexy young ladies. Lori's milky white breasts practically flowed over the top of her tiny bikini, which was a breathtaking sight. Rather than embarrass myself with the hard-on I was sporting, I decided to explore the lake shore. I made plans to enjoy some of the best fishing I'd had in years. I walked along the shoreline, kicking a pebble here and there, and stared down at the water looking for signs of life. I was about hundred feet away from the girls when I looked up and saw him.

It was a teenage boy. I guessed he was hunting; he carried an old rifle. But what caught my attention were his two companions. Walking with him where two of the largest rabbits I had ever seen. They had long light brown hair and stood two and half feet tall. They followed him like two trained dogs. I had never seen anything like this. By now, the girls had also noticed him and came running up to me, their full breasts bouncing in their small bikini tops. They called to him and he started our way, rabbits following. As he got closer, I saw he had blonde hair, blue eyes, and stood about 5 foot 9 inches tall. He was an extremely good-looking kid. This was something that had not escaped the girl's attention. They were whispering and giggling as he approached.

Everything about him seemed out of place. First, he was here at what should have been a deserted lake. And then there were his oversized rabbits that acted more like dogs! His hair looked uncut, and his clothes where clean, but definitely looked homemade and very old fashioned. One might guess the styling was straight out of the early 1900s. As he approached, it was obvious he was staring at the girls. I couldn't blame him; they stood there almost naked in their thin bikinis. Both girls had turned a bright shade of red, looking as if they wished for a way to cover up. But there was none.

He stopped right in front on me, reached out his hand and said, "Matthew... Matthew Worthy. Glad to meet you." He just looked me in the eye waiting for my reply. 

"I'm Bill, and this is my daughter Char and her friend Lori. We came up here to camp over night. I am very surprised to find anyone else up here."

Matthew looked at the girls and gave them a big smile. He said, "I was born out here. We have a village up that there valley a ways. Maybe twenty-five families. You're the first outsiders I have ever seen. My father was an outsider; he came here in the 30s. At least that is what he says. Would you like to visit our village? You would be more than welcome." 

I liked this kid. He just seemed so open and friendly. Nothing like the city kids. Without thinking I said, "Sure we would love to visit your town, but the girls need to change clothes". 

Matthew said, "They are the prettiest girls I have ever seen, but it is embarrassing seeing so much of them at once". 

I laughed but the girls turned red and just ran to the Jeep to change clothes. I couldn't help but stare at those oversized rabbits. 

Matthew said, "I bet they are the biggest you ever seen... lots of things grow big in the valley."

 About that time, the girl's came back wearing tight blue jeans and tees shirts. They looked very hot. I turned to the girls and said, "We came up here for an adventure; looks like we found one!" 

Matthew lead the way up the valley, with the girls staying right next to him. It was the girls and the rabbits fighting to see who could get closer to Matthew. He led us over a small hill and soon we were on a trail that appeared better worn the further we walked. After about an hour, we broke into a lovely valley with a stream running down the middle and cabins spread out on the hillsides. Most were log cabins but some were constructed of stone. It looked untouched, like a picture from the early 1800's. Matthew led us to one of the cabins and called out, "Father, we have visitors, outsiders".

A blond-headed man, looking to be in his late thirties, came outside. Matthew said, "This is my father, Henry Worthy". 

Henry looked us over and said, "Sit down; you must be tired from your walk. Let me get you some water." At that, he disappeared into the cabin and returned with three large cups of cold water. He said, "I must warn you about our water. It is the best tasting water I have ever had, it is one of the reasons I decided to stay here some 60 years ago. It just makes you feel so good to be alive. Go head take a taste and see if I am right." 

(60 years ago? I must have misheard him. He didn't look a day over thirty.)

I took a sip. It was wonderful... so clean, pure, it actually tingled on the way down. I felt so refreshed. I just had to have more so I downed the whole cup. It was a rush, I thought my toes where going to curl up like during wild sex. Speaking of sex, my cock had turned hard as a rock. I thought, "I'm going to have to take some of this home and give my wife a big surprise". I turned to the girls, their faces were flushed, they were breathing hard, and rubbing they legs together. They both had a far away look in their eyes. "That is some powerful water I thought, no wonder he moved here...." 

Henry invited us inside. He said, "I made vegetable soup, and it is hot from the stove. Come and eat. You're my guests." After lunch, Henry invited us to stay the night. I was a little hesitant but the girls were excited by the idea. Henry said, "Bill, please stay. My friends will want to celebrate your visit. There will be music, dancing, and lots of good home-cooked food. There is plenty of room in the cabin. Matthew will help you return to your camp tomorrow." 

The girls sensed my reluctance. "Please dad, just for the night. It's safe here and it will be fun." I gave in.

That night there was a big party. Everyone came. There were many wonderful dishes of home cooking. I ate until I couldn't. Everyone was so friendly, and then the music started. Banjo, guitar, and pans for drums. I never liked dancing, but I loved this. It was very simple. More jumping and spinning around, changing partners, just fun. The music stopped and I sat down to catch my breath. A cute blonde girl came over and introduced herself. Her name was Lisa. She looked to be about 18 with blue-green eyes. An angel couldn't have looked better. She seemed so innocent and pure. I liked her right away, or was it lusted for her, I 'm not sure.... She did cause a large lump in my pants. 

Lisa said, "You're sweating". She took some water and began to cool my forehead. Then my face, hands, and arms. I have never cheated on my wife, but I was fast losing control. As she wiped me, I could see down her blouse. Her white tits looked so soft and full and I could see her pink little nipples sticking out hard as a rock.... They were begging to be sucked. I was drunk with lust for her. She then gave me a drink of cold water. She was supposed to be cooling me down, but I was boiling. Next, she washed her face and breasts and, with the same water washed my face and lips, letting the water run into my month. I saw fireworks! I couldn't catch my breath, my cock was trying to rip its way out of my pants, and my balls were full, waiting for release. All I could think about was Lisa. 

Lisa took my hand and led me away from the party. I went like a puppy on a leash, but the rope was tied around the head on my dick. As soon as we were alone, she turned to me and said the must wonderful words I have heard in a long time, "I want you." Then she kissed me on the lips. It was a long, soft romantic kiss, one that said, "I love you, I want you, make love to me". I got the message loud and clear.

She pulled me through the dark to a little cabin. Inside a few candles were flickering. She took off her clothes. I was surprised to see no panties, just a teenager's hard body. She was so hot. It was all I could do to keep from cuming. She began to remove my clothes. There I stood with the hottest 18-year-old girl I had ever seen, naked, with a 7-inch hard-on wet with pre-cum. This was far beyond any fantasies I have ever had. She took some water and washed down my body, paying special attention to my dick and balls.

She lay down on her bed and invited me on top of her. I kissed her soft lips; she opened her mouth to me, but seemed uncertain what to do next. I licked her lips and sucked gently on her tongue which caused a loud moan. She was breathing hard as I worked my way down to her full tits and began to suck on her nipples. After just a few minutes of playing with her teenage nipples she began to pant, laboring to take a breath with her mouth open, her body tensed, she moaned out my name. She was having one hell of a climax just from having her nipples sucked. She grabbed my head, pushing me into her tits as her body heaved beneath me. This was one hot girl.

I start moving down her body, but she stopped me. She wanted me inside her and right now. I moved my cock up and down her pussy, picking up some lubrication and there was plenty of it. I positioned my large dick head at her opening, and started to separate her tight lips as I pushed my way into her. She was so tight I was having trouble getting into her. 

She said, "Please be gentle, I have never done this before". I looked at her in disbelief. How could a virgin be so hot?

"DON'T STOP, I WANT YOU TO FILL ME WITH YOUR DICK - I want to feel you deep inside of me, to feel every inch of you, to feel you're seed flow into my womb." 

I pushed again, and hit resistance. She was a virgin! I said, "Are you sure you want me to do this?" She didn't say a word. Suddenly she pushed herself up, a high-pitched cry of pain escaped her lips and my dick slid past her cherry. The deed was done. I continued to slowly push my way into to her until I felt my full balls against her ass. She was so tight, warm, and sloppy wet.... Her teenage muscles were milking my cock. Her eyes were rolled back in her head and she was breathing hard.

I began to move in and out, slowly at first and then faster. Her nails began to claw at my back; she started to cum, her juices running past my dick and down my balls. She was begging me to cum in her, to give her my baby. This was like a wet dream only better. I could not hold it any longer. I pushed in as far as I could go. I hit her cervix. She screamed in pain and pleasure and I exploded. The head of my dick was almost into her womb. I just exploded losing all control. I must have shot seven or eight times. I never knew I could give so much cum to any woman.

I felt as though I had died and gone to heaven. I couldn't move. I could hardly breathe. I collapsed, my head buried in her heaving breasts, drool running from my mouth, a lake of Saliva forming between her bountiful mounds. The head of my dick was mashed against her womb. I felt like we had grown together, connected at my dick head and her womb. My dick was still hard like a rock. I wasn't going anywhere. We lay there together for about an hour. I have never felt so close to anyone before. I continued to have little climaxes, leaking more and more cum into her womb. Finally I began to loose my erection. I popped out of her, followed by a river of semen.

She hugged me tight and said she loved me, "I just know you planted your baby in me tonight. I will be yours anytime you want me; I've been saving myself for a man like you. I want to have many children with you. I will never let anyone else ever touch me when I am fertile. I have given myself totally to you."

I was so drained I fell asleep with her words running through my mind. Later, she awakened me, wanting more. I made love to her two more times that night. Each time was as good as the first. She was so tight; it was as if she still was a virgin, so tight and hard to penetrate. She even cried out in pain each time I entered her. I pumped her so full of my seed she probably did get pregnant. I knew later I might regret that, but at the moment I just didn't care. It was the best sex I had ever had and I wasn't going to ruin it with unwanted details.

While I was preoccupied with Lisa, Matthew and Lori had left the party too. Matthew took her to his half finished cabin. The walls were up, but there was no roof. The only thing in the cabin was a bed. The only light was the stars and the moon. 

Lori said, "Oh Matthew, this is so romantic". She hugged and kissed him passionately. "I wanted you from the first moment I saw you. I have been saving myself for a husband, but I want you to be my first and only lover." 

Matthew began to rub her body with water. He started by washing her face, then her neck... she was getting so hot. Lori couldn't stand the clothes; she almost tore them off. With her naked, Matthew continued slowly washing her body from head to foot. He took a long time washing her breasts. Lori was beside herself. She felt so warm inside, so feminine. He washed his cock and balls and finally took the water and poured it into her hot juicy pussy. She convulsed as the water entered her hot pussy.

Lori pulled Matthew onto her and reaches down to seize his cock. It was huge, so big she was not sure she could get it into her tiny hole. She was scared but too hot to stop now. He kissed her, a long romantic kiss while rubbing her breasts concentrating affection on her bright pink nipples, rolling them between his fingers. Lori began to jerk in pleasure each time he pinched them. The harder he pinched her nipples, the hotter she got. She was begging him to fuck her.

Matthew put the big knob head against her virgin opening and slowing pushed. The head popped in and Lori cried at the pain and pleasure, as she had her first climax from a man's dick. She was having a hard time breathing, but all she cared about now was getting that dick all the way into her. She started pushing her hips up trying to get him in. He was so big. 

Matthew began to move in and out in slow short strokes until he hit something that would not allow him to go any deeper. He didn't want to hurt her, looking deep into her eyes as he stopped moving. She was not going to be denied. She spread her leg as wide as she could and grabbed his butt. She started to push him into her. His large Dick was not going anywhere. 

She started crying, tears running down her face. "Please take me, I want you so bad, do what ever it takes, but don't stop until I am yours. DON'T STOP!" 

Matthew couldn't stop if he wanted to. He continued to slowly massage her opening, feeling her open more and more as he pushed ever so gently. Finally, his patience was rewarded. It was not easy, her opening gave way, allowing his very large manhood to fill her completely.

She moaned with pain but then such pleasure... the most wonderful feeling filled her. She was so full. There was a small twinge of pain, but the pleasure was incredible. She could feel juices running down her butt crack. She was no longer a virgin. Matthew kissed her. He loved her deeper than he thought possible. He began to make slow passionate love to her. The pressure began to build in his big balls. He had to have release.

He picked up his pace, driving harder and harder into her. Lori was humping him, the pain turning to pleasure as wave after wave of mind blowing climaxes washed across her body. Lori yelled out for Matthew to go deeper, to cum in her. She wanted to feel his cum in her. Matthew's balls pulled up tight and he pumped the first of many streams of sperm into his fertile woman. His dick was so tight in her that his cum was sealed in her. She felt she might be pregnant, but she just didn't care. Matthew was still hard as a rock and kept pumping into her. He came five more time that night before he went soft. Lori was in orgasmic bliss. She passed out several times from shear pleasure.  

They awoke to the rising sun, his cock still deep in her. In the light of day the mess could be seen. There is cum mixed with her blood everywhere. She started to get up, but was so sore she could hardly move. Matthew got the water and started to carefully wash her clean. That water felt wonderful. Her pain started to ease. She felt so complete, so loved. Lori never wanted it to stop. It was like a dream. Her prince had come for her. 

Lori took the water and began washing the blood off Matthew. She was amazed at the size of his dick. How did she get that thing into her? She only knew she wanted it in her again and again. But not right now. She was just too sore. 

Matthew hugged her tight and told her he loved and wanted to marry her. He explained that by the law of the valley, it meant only he can be the father of her children. This was just fine with her. She hoped he already was. 

About an hour later they found their way into Henry's cabin having big grins on their faces and a loving sparkle in their eyes. Henry and Char were busy cooking a hot breakfast. Bill came in fifteen minutes later. He looked totally drained (which he was). Lisa showed up with her younger twin sisters who were just as hot as the food they were serving. Bill was amazed how difficult it was telling the twins apart. Everyone felt refreshed and ready for the new day. 
