 Welcome to Germany

Leaving home at 18, after several months of learning the ropes from my mom about how to make love to a woman, making sure it is just as enjoyable for her as it is for me, I found myself at the Army Recruiting Office. 

The recruiter seemed like a nice guy and after talking for a while he decided I was fairly intelligent and I looked like I could take care of myself, so he suggested I should ask for assignment as a military policeman. I was sent to Fort Campbell, KY for Basic Combat Training and then to Fort Gordon, GA for Military Police School. Those sixteen weeks total really got me in shape. We ran 2 miles every morning and then did 45 minutes of physical training before breakfast. 

I had volunteered for Jump School to become a paratrooper, so I was surprised when I was sent to Germany. When I got there, I discovered I had been assigned to an Airborne unit and would be attending Jump School the following week in Germany instead of Ft. Benning, GA. That was three more weeks of hard physical training. 

My job as an Airborne MP consisted of breaking up bar fights in the NCO club and helping the German police keep the peace in town. Some of the soldiers liked going to the club on post and others liked the civilian bars in town the best. 

Of course, it wasn't all hard work and no play for me. I was off at least two nights a week and I soon learned the bars in town had more women than the on-post club. This was in the mid-60's so there were a lot of soldiers sent to Vietnam for a one-year tour of duty. That meant that besides the very good-looking German girls in the bars, there were a fair amount of lonely military housewives whose husbands were serving in Vietnam. They preferred the civilian bars because there was less chance of someone they knew seeing them and telling their husband.

One night I was in a nice bar that I had been in with the German Police the week before when I noticed a young lady sitting at a table alone. She didn't appear to be much older than me. She was wearing a simple summer dress with no sleeves and I couldn't help but notice she had both feet flat on the floor and her knees pressed together. She had short, light brown hair that curled up at the bottom, just shy of touching her shoulders. The club didn't have a live band, but they had a good sound system playing popular music. Now, I'm not what you would call experienced when it came to sex. In fact, the only woman I had ever been with was my mother. 

I was still 18, and I had spent 19 weeks in military training courses and a month in Germany working as a military policeman, so it had been almost six months since I had been with a woman. After watching this young lady sitting by herself and nursing a beer, I finally got up enough nerve to approach her. 

I walked over to her and said, "Hi, would you like to dance?" 

She looked surprised, but then she smiled and said, "I better not, but thank you for asking." 

I smiled back and held out my hand and said, "My name is John. I'm new in town and I really don't know anyone here. I hate sitting alone feeling sorry for myself. Would you mind if I sit here with you?" 

She looked around nervously, and answered, "I guess that would be okay." 

I sat down across from her and asked, "Can I buy you another drink?" 

She put her hand over her glass and said, "Oh, no. I'm fine with this one." 

She appeared to be very shy and I tried to put her at ease with my most dazzling smile. I said, "I didn't get your name." 

She answered, "I'm sorry. My name is Lisa." 

We talked for a while and I found she was 22 years old, although she didn't look any older than me. She was from Kentucky and she had married her boyfriend right after graduating High School. He had joined the Army and shortly after they had arrived in Germany, he was sent to Vietnam for a year. She had a choice of going back home or staying in the enlisted quarters on post. She said she didn't really have anything to go home to since she had grown up poor, so she decided to stay in Germany. 

Her husband had only been gone for 2 months and she said she was tired of sitting around the house alone. Her hands were clasped together so I put my hand over hers and said, "I love this song. Are you sure I can't convince you to dance with me?" 

She smiled and said, "I love this song too. I guess one dance wouldn't hurt." I stood and helped her out to the dance floor, and we danced to a Ray Price song. Since it was a slow dance, we started out tentatively with me holding her right hand in my left hand and my right hand around her waist. There was about a foot of space between us. As the dance progressed, I slowly brought her closer until our bodies were touching, and her head was resting on my shoulder. I was breathing in her intoxicating perfume and I started to get an erection. If she could feel it, she didn't react. 

When the song ended, I took her back to the table and held her chair for her. When she sat down, she smiled and said, "You're a real gentleman, aren't you?" 

I smiled back and answered, "I always try to treat beautiful women with respect." 

She seemed to lose some of her shyness and her face lit up as she smiled again and asked, "Do you really think I'm beautiful?" 

Now, I'm not going to lie. She was not what you would call 'beautiful'. I mean, you wouldn't find her face on the cover of a magazine, but she was cute. So, since I hadn't had sex in almost six months, and she was definitely fuckable, I answered, "Of course I think you're beautiful. You can't tell me you haven't heard that before." 

Her hand was resting on the table, so I took her hand in mine and squeezed it. She didn't pull it away, so I continued to hold it while we talked a while longer. I finally said, "Can I give you a ride home?" 

I had an old VW Bug that I bought for $200 from a guy in my unit who was transferred back to the states. If you didn't have a car, the only way to get from the Army post to town was a shuttle bus at the gate that took people to the center of town and then took them back to the Post. The bus was not allowed on the military installation, so the passengers had to walk from the gate to wherever they needed to go on Post. 

You could also walk out the gate and walk about a half mile to the tram, called an S-Bahn. I just assumed that she took the bus. She seemed deep in thought, but finally, she sighed and said, "If it's not too much trouble, I would appreciate a ride home."  

We left the bar and I opened the car door for her. When she got in the passenger seat, her dress rode up and I got a good look at quite a bit of luscious thigh. We rode in silence until we arrived at the gate. Since I was an MP, the MP on the gate knew me and gave me a knowing smile as he waved me through. I drove to the housing area and she pointed out her unit. Each unit had a parking spot and there were two spots open for visitors. 

I pulled into one of the visitor spots, got out, and went to the passenger side to open her door and help her out. I looked around and didn't see any lights on in any of the housing units, so when I walked her to her door I whispered in her ear, "I don't think anyone saw us because all the lights were out, and I didn't see anyone peeking out a window. I think your reputation is intact." I then said, "I had a nice time tonight and enjoyed talking with you. I would really like to kiss you goodnight, but I think we should step inside for that." 

She looked really surprised but she only hesitated for a second before she unlocked her door and let me follow her inside. Once inside I put my arms around her and gently pulled her into my chest. I leaned down and kissed her on the lips. She didn't resist the kiss, but she didn't help either. I was probing her mouth with my tongue when she finally opened her mouth and allowed me to French kiss her. She was actually kissing me back. I looked down at her face and noticed her eyes were open wide and looking at me. 

I broke the kiss and said, "I'm sorry. I don't want you to do something you don't want to do." 

She said, "No, it's okay. It's just that I have never done anything like this before. My husband is the only man I have ever been with. I don't want you to think I do this all the time." 

I noticed a sofa a few feet away and asked, "Do you think we could sit down for a few minutes?" She led me to the sofa and when we sat down, I put my arm around her, and she laid her head on my shoulder. I said, "I know you have never done this before. I could tell by how nervous you were in the bar. Believe me, I have never done anything like this either. I have only been in Germany for a couple of months and tonight was the first time I have been out to a bar. I was'nt looking for a date, but I was lonely and when I saw you sitting there, I thought it would be really nice to have someone as beautiful as you to talk to." 

I leaned down and kissed her neck just below her ear. She shivered and started breathing a little faster, so I put my hand under her chin and turned her face toward mine. I then leaned in and kissed her again. This time she readily opened her mouth and let me push my tongue in. We kissed like a couple of high school teens in the back seat of a car. 

I then said, "If you can make sure to wake me up at 5:30 in the morning, I will make sure to sneak out of here before your neighbors see me. I don't want to cause you any problems." 

She stared at me with her mouth open for a few seconds before she seemed to think about her options. She surprised me by kissing me again and saying, "Okay. I'll set the alarm." 

She took my hand and led me into her bedroom and stood there while I lifted her dress over her head. I then unclasped her bra and noticed her firm 36C breasts and hard nipples. I leaned over and took one in my mouth and gently sucked on it and then flicked it with my tongue. I pulled my Polo shirt over my head and dropped it on the floor. I then led her to the edge of the bed and helped her sit down. I gently pushed her back and I dropped to my knees as I pulled her panties off. I pushed her knees apart and put my mouth on her hair covered pussy and began licking her pink opening. 

I heard her gasp and say, "Oh my god. What are you doing?" 

I answered, "I'm going to eat your pretty little pussy and then I'm going to make love to you." 

She was breathing hard, moaning, and bucking her hips. I could feel her getting wet, so I stuck my index finger in her slit and started moving it in and out. I realized she had an orgasm when I felt her liquid pouring down my chin and I heard a muffled scream. I looked up to see her biting on a pillow. I got up on the edge of the bed and took off my shoes, socks, pants and underwear. I noticed her face was flushed and she had tears in her eyes. 

I moved next to her and whispered, "Are you okay?" 

She looked at me with wide eyes and said, "No one has ever done that to me before. I can't believe how great it felt." 

I asked, "You mean you have never had anyone lick your pussy?" 

She answered, "No. My husband never did that. When we have sex, he gets on top and sticks his thing in and when he is through, he rolls over and goes to sleep." I felt like an artist with a clean canvas that could paint anything he wanted to. 

I said, "Lisa, there's so much more to sex than that. I don't want to just have sex with you. I want to make love to you and treat you the way a beautiful girl like you should be treated. I want you to feel pleasure. Will you let me do that?" 

She looked at me with those beautiful brown eyes and slowly shook her head yes. I pulled her up to the center of the bed and I started sucking on one nipple and then the other. When they were hard as marbles, I started to run my tongue around them slowly. I saw the little bumps pop out around them and knew she was aroused. I then started kissing down her body to her belly button, and then down to her thighs. Rather than diving back in her pussy, I continued licking the inside of her thighs. 

I put my hand over her pussy and started rubbing the top with my thumb, searching for her clitoris. When I felt it, I rubbed with a little more pressure. I felt her shiver several times and she started moaning. When I felt moisture, I slid up and licked her clit several times and started licking between the lips and sticking my tongue in and out. She started bucking and I felt more moisture and assumed she had another orgasm. 

I pulled myself up until my knees were between her legs and I was looking down at her face. I grabbed my dick and started rubbing it up and down her pussy lips and I asked, "Are you ready for this?" 

She shook her head yes and snaked one hand behind my head and pulled me down to kiss me. This really surprised me. She had been so shy all night and this was the first time she had initiated anything. I kissed her softly, letting my tongue search inside her mouth and she kissed me back passionately. I placed the tip of my dick inside of her and pushed slowly in. When I had a couple of inches in, I pulled back and thrust back in. I pumped in and out several times until I could tell she was adequately lubed and then started taking longer strokes, but not fast. 

This was a slow, easy fuck. I noticed she had her eyes closed for a couple of minutes and then she opened them, looked at me and smiled, and then pulled me down for another kiss. 

I gradually increased both the length and the speed of the thrusts. She still had her hand on the back of my head, and I felt her grip me hard, arch her back, and let out a loud moan. I could feel her vagina grip my cock and I knew she just had another orgasm. I brought her off at least once more before I felt I was getting close. 

I whispered that I was going to cum and asked her if she wanted me to shoot on her stomach. She gave me a strange look and I explained that I didn't want to get her pregnant. She freaked out. Apparently, she hadn't thought about that. I calmed her down and told her not to worry, that I wouldn't cum inside her. When I couldn't hold it anymore, I pulled out and shot a stream on her stomach. I am sure nobody had ever done that before since her husband was the only man she had ever been with and I'm sure he never worried about pulling out. 

I told her to stay still, that I would be right back. I went into the bathroom, found a wash cloth and ran some warm water. I then went back and cleaned her off and gave her another kiss. 

She said, "I have never had sex with anyone but my husband, and I was feeling so good, I never even thought that I could get pregnant. Thank you for thinking about that." I just smiled at her and pulled her back and ass to me and spooned as we drifted off to sleep. 

The alarm went off at 5:30 and when I woke up, I still had my arm around her with her back to me. She rolled her head over, smiled at me and said, "Good morning." 

I gave her a quick peck on the lips before answering, "Good morning." I said, "I'd better get out of here before anyone sees me." 

She surprised me by saying, "I told you last night I have never been with anyone else. I can't believe how good you made me feel. I didn't realize it could make me feel like that. Do you think you could make love to me again before you go?" 

I smiled at her and said, I'm glad you liked it, but I usually like to take my time, so I don't think we have enough time. It might not be as good as you would like, and I want you to feel as good as you did last night." 

She got a very disappointed look on her face and said, "I liked what you did to me so much, I don't care if it has to be fast. I think even if you are faster than you would normally like to be, it would still be better than what my husband does." 

I told her, "O.K. If you're sure." 

I pulled her onto her back and dipped a couple of fingers in her warm, pink opening, and wiggled them a few times and then started pushing them in and out. It didn't take long for her to get really wet. I got between her legs and rubbed my now hard dick up and down her lips and then slowly pushed inside. When I was sure she was sufficiently lubed, I started taking long strokes back and forth. She was moving her ass around on the mattress and before long she started bucking up and down and making squealing sounds. 

When I was sure she had reached an orgasm, I kissed her and pulled out, saying, "Now I have to get out of here." 

She said, "Do you think you could meet me again next week?" 

I gave her a big smile and said, "I think I can do that." With that, I got dressed and went outside, looking up and down the street before running to my car. I made it back to my barracks in time to get a shave and shower, change clothes, and make it to formation before our morning run and PT.

I did, in fact, meet her the next week and the week after that. We had great sex that satisfied my needs and, I believe, I satisfied hers.

Several weeks later, after eating breakfast, my Sergeant told me I needed to go with him on a detail. On the way there in his car I asked, "What are we going to be doing today Sarge?" 

He said our commanding officer was being transferred back to the U.S., so we were helping his wife pack some boxes for the movers. When we got to the quarters, the sergeant told me to put tape on several open boxes that were scattered around the living room and stack them in a corner. He said he would be back in a few minutes and he went upstairs. I got busy and closed the boxes that were full, put tape on all the seams and then stacked them in the corner. 

Just as I was getting finished with that, my Sergeant walked over to me, put his arm around my shoulder, and whispered, "How would you like to get some pussy?" 

I guess I had a shocked look on my face because he chuckled and said, "I have been banging the CO's wife for over two years. She's horny as hell and a really good fuck. When I went upstairs, I got a blowjob, but she's not satisfied. I told her you were a really nice guy and knew how to keep your mouth shut. You do, don't you?" I just stood there with my mouth open while I nodded. 

I went upstairs and found her in a bedroom bent over and putting things in a box on the floor. She was wearing a blue sleeveless shirt and white shorts, which at the moment were tightly stretched over a perfect ass. When she turned around, I almost wet my pants. She was stunning to say the least with long blond hair and blue eyes and breasts that were straining against her blouse. They were at least 38C or D and it didn't appear she was wearing a bra. 

She looked at me and smiled and said, "So, you're the stud who thinks he can handle me, huh?" I was still standing in the door just drinking in her beauty. All I could think was, "My God, she could be a Playboy centerfold!" 

She said, "I don't have all day, so come over here." When I was standing in front of her, she put a hand on my chest and then ran it down my arm to my bicep. She then ran her other hand across my shoulders and back before saying, "You are a stud, aren't you? You want to fuck me?" 

She didn't wait for an answer, which was a good thing because I still couldn't speak. She took my hand and pulled me toward the bed where she pulled her top over her head, confirming that she was braless, and then dropped her shorts to the floor. I confirmed she was a real blond by the fluffy blond bush between her legs. 

I couldn't move. I just stood there staring at her with my mouth open. She said, "Don't just stand there, get undressed!" 

I shed my uniform in record time and quickly moved between her legs. I put my face in that beautiful bush and started licking. She was getting wet and moaning, but she grabbed my head and said, "That feels really good and I can tell you're really good at eating pussy, but I need you to fuck me NOW!" 
