 Erica wasn't sure this was a good idea. Yes, she liked him, but actually meeting like this? Probably not a wise move. He was married - and so was she, for crying out loud! Yet, here she was, sitting in a coffee shop, waiting for him. Hell, it's not as if she even drank coffee, she reflected wryly, sipping on a soda. Still, it wasn't like her to back out, and she had to admit that part of her was looking forward to meeting him.

She didn't have to wait long. Gabriel was punctual - a few minutes early actually - which she always appreciated. She felt it rude to make people wait, and expected the same courtesy in return. He looked around the cafe for her, and when he saw her he beamed at her. She'd seen him smile at her before, of course - every time he saw her on camera, really - but somehow the impact was stronger in person. It was a nice smile: friendly, honest, and genuinely happy to see her.

He sat down opposite her, still smiling. "I hope you weren't waiting long" he said, leaning over to kiss her on the cheek. She shook her head, and indicated her still-full glass. He nodded, saying: "Yeah, sorry for meeting in a coffee shop, but it is a little early for alcohol. Even for a part-Irishman." He flagged down a waitress, and placed an order of black coffee. "So, tell me. What's the plan for the afternoon?"

"I thought we could go for a walk in the park, just to chat for a bit. I know you said you have no expectations, but either way it would be nice to enjoy the beautiful weather. And there is also a nice secluded little place to sit near the river." He nodded thoughtfully.

"That sounds good," he replied, "you know the place better than I do, so I'll defer to your wisdom. As you say, it's beautiful out. And it will give me plenty of time to admire that dress! Speaking of which - I know you don't wear them often. I appreciate that you went to the trouble of getting dressed up for me!"

As a matter of fact, she had. It was a light sun-dress, grey, short, with a loose skirt. He had already discreetly admired her legs, which were shown off to great effect in it. He had seen just about every part of her body before, in pictures - a fact which made her a little self-conscious now that he was there in person. On the other hand, she had also seen all of him before, so it's not like he had the advantage.

He, too, had gotten dressed up, insofar as it is possible to get dressed up in this kind of weather. He wore light slacks, brown leather oxfords, and a dress shirt, neatly tucked in. In recognition of the heat, the top two buttons were undone.

They talked a bit while they finished their drinks, and he paid, waving away her offer to get the check with a smile. They got up, and he followed her out of the coffee shop. "Is it far?" he asked.

"No, it's just around the next corner. Besides, we just started walking. Don't tell me you're already tired!" she teased him. 

He grinned and said: "Not at all. I'm just impatient to get you alone." He pulled a very demonstrative leer at her. She laughed and swatted his side playfully.

"Pervert!" she exclaimed.

"Hi! Have you talked to me at all over the last few years?" he laughed. "I mean, it's not like this is a surprise to anyone!"

"True." she conceded.

Chatting and walking, they enjoyed each other's company. While there were silences, somehow they weren't awkward. The weather was, indeed, beautiful, and soon they were at the spot Erica had mentioned earlier. A tiny dirt path led between some dense bushes and trees, almost invisible from the main path. Following it, they came to a clearing right next to the river. Nobody walking along the main path could see it, and it was quiet, with the sound of the city muted by the foliage. The river babbled and murmured along the banks, some squirrels were chasing each other, and birds were chirping in the trees. Gabriel produced a blanket from a bag, and ceremoniously shook it out, spreading it on the floor. He gallantly indicated that she should take a seat, and smiling she complied. He sat down next to her, leaning back, his eyes travelling up and down her body. "Have I told you how incredible you are, recently?" He asked.

"No, not in the last few hours, at least!" she mock-pouted.

"How unchivalrous of me. I pray for your forgiveness as I endeavor to correct my most heinous error! You are beyond compare, oh my lady! The beauty of this secluded glade pales in comparison to the beauty that now occupies it!" He grinned. "And you know I'm only being partly facetious. You really do look stunning. That dress highlights all your beautiful curves perfectly, and - also importantly - allows your legs to be shown off in all their toned glory."

Erica smiled. She knew how he felt about her, of course - he made it abundantly clear, almost every time they talked. Still, it was nice to hear it. She had to admit, he looked good too. While he was usually self-effacing, he was far from unattractive, and she unconsciously shifted her legs so that her dress rode up her thighs slightly.

The movement did not go unnoticed, and he deliberately let his gaze travel up and down her legs appreciatively. "Hmmm. Yes, definitely perfect." he breathed. Erica grinned, enjoying the effect she was having on him, and shifted her legs again. This time her dress rode up, revealing - just barely - her panties. Gabriel raised an eyebrow and leaned sideways, making it quite obvious that he was trying to get a better look. Erica smacked him playfully, but didn't move her dress back down. She looked at him daringly, and noticed that he was becoming aroused. Noticing her look, he grinned sheepishly at her. "You know you have that effect on me. Looking at your pictures quite frequently does this to me, but in person you turn me on even more. All I can think about is how much I want my face to be right between those spectacular legs."

The thought of that sent an involuntary thrill through her body, and for a moment she considered whether she wanted to take this next step. She knew he would never do anything she didn't want him to, but at the same time, this was a public place, sort of. The fact that he wanted to do it right here and right now added to the thrill, but it was risky. She bit her bottom lip and nodded at him, having made her decision with surprising speed.

Not wasting any time, he moved between her legs, parting them gently, but firmly. She thought he was going to take off her panties, but instead he started kissing her inner thighs gently. His beard tickled slightly, but she was soon distracted by the feeling of him moving over the fabric of her panties, nuzzling and kissing at her soft pussy, outlined nicely by the satin fabric. She closed her eyes, her breath catching as she could feel his on her sex - alternately warm and cold as he inhaled and exhaled. 

"God, you smell just as good as I have imagined all these times." Gabriel said. He started softly licking her through her panties, the fabric becoming slightly damp from her pussy on one side, his mouth on the other. Goosebumps appeared on her arms, and she sighed in pleasure. After a minute or so, he stopped, looking up at her with a mixture of desire, amusement, and an unspoken question. Did she want him to go on?

Erica nodded again, her pussy missing the attention already. He smiled up at her, then quickly when back to what he was doing. This time he pulled her panties aside, and began by licking around her pussy, not quite touching it. He slowly spiraled inward, and eventually pushed his tongue between her outer lips - eagerly tasting her, and eliciting a gasp. He paused for a moment, then began licking her in earnest - his tongue traveling up from her ass to her clit and back again. Once more he stopped, this time to tug her panties down, then off. "Sorry." He said. "These were cramping my style!" He grinned at her, then swiftly moved back to her waiting pussy. He started flicking his tongue over her clit, sucking lightly at it while he pushed his tongue against it over and over. She moaned softly, and he took that as an encouragement to increase both the pressure and the speed with which he licked.

While he was licking her, Erica looked around the glade to make sure nobody else was around, then lay down completely, closing her eyes and giving herself over to the pleasure Gabriel was causing her. She felt one of his hands move over her thigh, then slowly rubbing against her pussy while his tongue focused on her clit. Before long, he pushed one finger slowly into her, then a second. Feeling her sex being penetrated like this Erica moaned again, and Gabriel started to slowly push his fingers in and out of her. He corkscrewed them around so that the fingertips were rubbing against the front wall of her pussy, his tongue never stopping its assault on her clit.

The pleasure kept building inside her, her breathing growing ragged, her body tensing up. Sensing her orgasm, Gabriel redoubled his efforts. Erica put her hands in his hair, pushing him down harder against her pussy. She let out a loud moan as she felt a liquid heat building inside her, radiating out through her nerves, making her skin tingle and her nipples harden even more. Her pussy clamped down on his fingers as she came, panting and moaning, her back arching up off the ground.

Eventually, she relaxed, sighing, and Gabriel slowly withdrew his fingers, deliberately licking them clean while looking at her with a smile in his eyes. "I take it that was to my lady's satisfaction?" he inquired with mock chivalry. She grinned back at him.

"Indeed it was." she replied. Looking him up and down, she couldn't help but notice how hard he still was. Her pussy spasmed slightly at the thought of taking him inside her - clearly just coming had done nothing to decrease her arousal.

"Why don't you lie down and relax for a moment?" She suggested. He complied while she sat up, not putting her panties back on, but making sure her dress covered everything. 

"What did you have in mind?" He asked.

"You'll see!" she grinned back at him. First she leaned over and kissed his neck, sucking lightly. She didn't want to leave a mark - at least, not yet. She moved to sit astride him, leaning down to kiss his lips, tasting herself on him. She started moving her hips back and forth, her pussy rubbing over his cock through the fabric of his pants. He moaned softly into her mouth, clearly enjoying what she was doing. She could clearly feel the outline of his cock - he was very hard, and very warm, even though his pants.

She lifted herself up and slide down a little, sitting on his thighs, while she quickly undid the button and zip on his pants. Obligingly, he lifted his ass up a little while she pulled his pants and underwear down in one move, exposing his cock.

This wasn't the first time she had seen it, of course. He had played for her on cam once or twice, and she had certainly seen plenty of pictures. Still, seeing it in person was much better, of course. It was very hard, throbbing slightly, with some precum already leaking from him. Clearly making her cum had aroused him deeply. It was in character for him; he was always quite solicitous of her pleasure and well-being.

The sight made her mouth water a little, and she leaned over to suck just the head into her mouth, her tongue flicking over the tip, tasting his precum. He moaned louder, his eyes closing and his head leaning back in pleasure. She kissed the tip and then sat up. His eyes opened, the disappointment in them making her laugh. "Don't worry, I'm not going to leave you hanging like that!" she said. "I just have other plans for it right now. My pussy still hasn't been filled, and I want it inside me."

His cock jumped slightly at her words, and he nodded speechlessly. She raised up again, moved forward slightly, and putting her hand under her dress she guided the head of his cock up against the entrance to her pussy. It felt really good - warm, hard, but at the same time smooth and soft. Clearly Gabriel also felt the same pleasure, his breath coming a little faster and his eyes once more closing to allow him to focus exclusively on the sensation of her touch.

Erica very slowly lowered herself, feeling her pussy lips part, then feeling herself open wider and wider until the head of his cock was barely inside her. It felt amazing to be stretched open by his cock, and she slowly lowered herself more, taking every inch of him inside her. Gabriel placed his hands on her hips, his eyes now opening to look up at her. She could see the pleasure in his eyes - as well as a deep affection. This might have to be explored later, but for now she focused on the physical sensation.

She relaxed completely, feeling his balls against her ass, the tip of his cock grazing her cervix. Her pussy felt pleasantly full, and she just sat there, enjoying the sensation of being filled by him. He was still looking at her with that same expression, and they smiled together. He moved one hand up her side, then up towards one of her breasts, caressing it over the fabric of her dress. She smiled and covered his hand with hers, then took it away. She slipped the straps of her dress down her arms, exposing her breasts - she wasn't wearing a bra, being lucky enough to be naturally pert in that area. He moaned again and cupped one of her breasts with his hand, playing with the nipple, pinching it, making it hurt slightly, but sending waves of electric pleasure through her body. It caused her pussy to tighten around him, and his eyes widened, clearly enjoying the effect this had on both of them.

Gabriel say up slightly, causing him to both push into her deeper, and bringing her breasts within reach of his mouth. One of her nipples was quickly engulfed in heat and wetness, causing both her nipples to stiffen even more than they already were. She put her hands in his hair and slowly started to move up and down, pulling him out until the head was only just inside her, then plunging down and taking him back in.

They quickly reached a rhythm, Erica riding his cock, Gabriel alternately sucking on her nipples, placing kisses on every part of her he could reach, and just lying back and gazing at her. They were both breathing faster now, not so much from the exertion, but from the pleasure and intensity of the sensations they were both experiencing. They both got lost in the sensation of being together, enjoying each other's bodies, enjoying the intimacy and pleasure. An undetermined amount of time passed like this, when Erica felt her pussy beginning to clench. That same hot sensation started inside her pussy, and she softly moaned his name. "God, Gabriel, I'm going to cum again!"

He growled softly, and she felt him harden inside her even more. Then, suddenly, he moaned louder, and called out: "Oh, Erica, I'm cumming too!" His cock jumped inside her, and she felt the first wave of his cum shoot into her, hot and thick. The sensation sent her over the edge and she clamped down hard on him, barely moving now except for the repeating clenching of her pussy around his shaft. He gasped and moaned, his face flushed, his eyes closed as his cock sent wave after wave of cum into her, filling her, keeping her own orgasm rolling through her.

After what felt like a lot longer than it probably was, she slowly relaxed on him, lying down with him still inside her. She rested her head on his chest, and his arms wrapped around her, holding her to him. He stroked her hair, inhaling the scent of it, and said: "Erica, that was incredibly. I had no doubt that the sex would be great, but this was beyond anything I could even have imagined."

"Yes, that was pretty spectacular." she concurred. "I'm looking forward to doing more with you."

"How could I say no to that?" he laughed.

"You couldn't. I'm amazing." she replied modestly. "You said so yourself."

"Yes I did. And I wasn't even a little bit wrong!" They both laughed, and both had the same thought: this was going to be a fun, fulfilling, if somewhat complicated relationship.