 The Officers Wife Club 

I had fucked my commanding officer's wife before they had left Germany to go back to the U.S. I guess I had done a good job because she said she was going to talk to some of her friends, other officer's wives, who had apparently complained about not being satisfied in the bedroom. She had gotten an envelope to me with names, addresses and telephone numbers for five women. Keep in mind, this was in the 60's, long before anyone had cell phones, so I had to be extremely careful about making a call to someone's house. There was always a chance their husband would answer.

I had only been in the Army for seven months and had just turned 19 when I got the list of five cock hungry women who were looking to be satisfied. What a birthday present! I looked the list over and, not knowing anything about these women, I decided to just start at the top and go down the list. I called the first one and held my breath as it rang several times. 

When a woman answered I let out a breath and said, "Is this Karen?" She said it was, so I explained that I had gotten her name and number from her friend Cindi. My old CO's wife was named Cynthia, but she said everyone called her Cindi. 

I heard her let out a little gasp before she asked, "Is this John?" 

I answered in the affirmative and said, "Cindi said there might be something I could help you with, so I wanted to let you know I was available." 

There was only a short delay before she asked, "Would you be available tomorrow around noon?" 

I told her I would, and she asked me if I had the address. I told her I did and said I would see her the next day.

I had been wearing my fatigue uniform complete with jump boots when I had fucked Cindi and I remembered how much time it had taken to get undressed and then dressed again, so I wore slacks and a polo shirt before going to Karen's house. I noticed the sign that said "Captain Johnson" above the door before I knocked. When the door opened, I was pleased to see a short, about 5'3", black haired beauty. She was wearing loose fitting khaki shorts and a T-shirt that did nothing to hide her perky breasts. She was barefoot, and she took a quick peek outside the door before grabbing my arm and pulling me inside. 

I gave her a big smile and said, "Hi. I'm John." 

She returned the smile and said, "Pleased to meet you John, I'm Karen." 

She then explained quickly that she was nervous and that she had never done anything like this before. She said she enjoyed sex, and while her husband tried to please her, he worked all the time and was usually tired when they went to bed. She said she didn't want me to think she was a slut, but she had needs and felt that those needs weren't being satisfied. She said that her husband never came home during the day and he usually didn't come home until after 6:00 pm, so we had plenty of time. 

She led me back to a bedroom where she took her T-shirt off, revealing her 34B breasts, and then she dropped her shorts, and since she wasn't wearing any panties, I got a look at her hairy black bush. 

I took that to mean she wasn't interested in small talk but just wanted to get down to business, so I quickly stripped and took her in my arms. I leaned down to give her a kiss, and she immediately stuck her tongue in my mouth where I quickly accepted it. I found it hard to pull my mouth away from her hungry lips, but I wanted to concentrate on her now hard nipples. I dipped my head down and sucked on her right breast and then started licking my tongue around the nipple. 

She was moaning and holding the back of my head as I moved over to her left breast and repeated my sucking and licking on her other nipple. I gently pushed her backwards until her legs hit the edge of the bed and then assisted her with lying on the bed. 

I dropped to my knees and put my face between her wide-open legs. I used my thumbs to spread her pussy lips apart and then started licking up and down, slowly seeking out her clit. When I found it, I gently licked it and then put it between my teeth and pulled on it. I felt her shudder and could feel her wetness on my tongue and lips. She was lifting her ass off the bed and pushing her pussy in my face while moaning something unintelligible. After several minutes my face was soaking wet with her sweet nectar. 

She said, "Please, no more. I need you to fuck me." 

I moved up until we were face to face, and I gave her a deep kiss. I knew she could taste herself on my lips. I reached down to grab my dick and rubbed it up and down her pussy lips before putting the head in. She was moving her head around left and right on her pillow and was lifting her ass trying to get me deeper. 

She was breathing heavily as she said, "Please. No more teasing. I want you to fuck me." 

I could feel her juices on my cock so I thrust it in as far as I could and then pulled back again. I thought she was going to rip my back to shreds with her fingernails, but I thought that was a small price to pay for what was becoming an excellent fuck. I moved in and out and wiggled side to side for a while before she was begging me to fuck her harder and faster. I felt her cum several times before I felt my own release coming, and being the gentleman that I was, I told her I was going to cum and asked her where she wanted it. 

She practically screamed "In my pussy! Cum in my pussy!" I shot load after load into her now gushing pussy, and I continued to pump in and out of her. 

When we were both out of breath, I rolled off of her and laid back on the bed. After several minutes, she said, "My god. I have never cum that much in my life. Cindi said she only fucked you once but could tell that not only were you a skilled lover and pussy eater, but you were also very concerned about pleasing your partner. She was right." She then put her hand on my cock and gave it a squeeze before asking, "Do you think we could do that again?" I told her that shouldn't be a problem. 

She moved down the bed and positioned her face over my cock. She licked the tip and then slowly licked around the head a couple of times before taking it in her mouth. She moved her head up and down a few times before my cock was fully hard again. She popped it out of her mouth and looked up at me with her beautiful brown eyes and said, "I love to suck cock. Would you like to cum in my mouth?" Before I could answer, she put it back in her mouth and started bobbing her head up and down. 

I finally said, "I would love to cum in your mouth, but I don't want you to feel like I'm here to use you. Cindi said some of her friends had confessed that they were not being satisfied in the bedroom and she thought I might be willing to help. I'm here to help you feel satisfied, not just to get my rocks off." 

She stopped her head bobbing and looked up at me again and said, "Where the hell did you come from? I'm going to be 30 years old next month and have never met anyone like you. Hell, I didn't realize there was anyone like you. I love sex and was very active in college. None of those guys even tried to please me like you did. When I got married, we were pretty active for a while, until my husband got his commission. He loves the Army and devotes most of his time to his job. Don't get me wrong. I love my husband and try to support him, but he just can't seem to please me anymore. I have come more today than I have in the past six months! Were you sent by the sex fairy or something because I know you can't be real!" 

She was looking at me with an astonished look on her face and it seemed that she was expecting an answer, so I told her. "Look, I was taught by an older woman about sex and how to please a woman. She taught me to focus on my partner to make her happy before thinking about myself. As a horny, frustrated teenager, that was hard for me to do at first, but she was a good teacher. As I realized how happy my partner looked as I gave her pleasure, it made me feel good. I'm not happy having a quick fuck just to have an orgasm. I can masturbate if that's all I want." 

She still had that astonished look on her face when she said, "Amazing!" Then she went back to sucking my cock. She looked up once and smiled at me. She said, "I appreciate your concern for my feelings, but I don't feel like I'm being used. Now, sit back and enjoy this blow job because you deserve it." And I did just that.

After a wonderful blow job that ended with me cumming in her mouth, we relaxed for a bit before she got me hard again with her mouth and we had a nice relaxed fuck that resulted in several more orgasms for her. Later, she was slowly stroking my cock when she asked, "Can I ask you something?" I said sure, so she asked, "When Cindi gave you my name, did she give you any other names?" 

I told her she had, so she asked, "Can I ask who else she told you about?" 

I smiled at her and said, "Sorry, but I don't kiss and tell." 

She said, "You're sweet. I was just curious because I would be willing to talk to some of my friends about you if you were interested." 

I told her I had a couple of other names that I was considering calling, but I wasn't interested in servicing the entire Officer's Wife Club. I said, "Let's just keep this our little secret." 

She smiled at me and let go of my dick so she could move back up to kiss me deeply. She asked, "Can I ask you another question?" When I nodded she said, "Today is Tuesday. Do you think you could come visit me every Tuesday?" 

I smiled at her and said, "I would love to make love to you every day of the week, let alone every Tuesday, but I do have a job. I will try to come see you every week, but if I can't make it because of work, I will call to let you know." 

She said, "You wore me out. As much as I like sex, I don't think I could take this every day either, but you would make me a very happy woman if you could come see me once a week." 

I gave her another deep kiss and then got dressed. We had a wonderful afternoon since we didn't have to rush things. I think I left her totally satisfied. I know I was.

The next day I called the next name on my list. It was late morning, so she asked if I could come right away. When I showed up at her quarters, I noticed it belonged to another Captain. I knocked and was greeted by a 5'6", 130-pound woman with brown hair and luscious red lips. 

She gave me a dazzling smile and said, "Hi. You must be John. I'm Betsy. Please come in." 

She was wearing a black frilly blouse with the top two buttons undone, a short black skirt, and a pair of black heels that had a strap across the ankle and one across the toes. I couldn't help but think, "That's what you call Fuck Me shoes!" 

She asked me if I would like something to drink. I thanked her and told her no. She gave me another dazzling smile and said, "I guess you just want to get down to business, so come with me." She took me back to her bedroom where she looked into my eyes while she slowly unbuttoned her blouse, revealing a pair of 36 C Cup breasts, barely restrained in a black lacey bra. She then unzipped the back of her skirt and dropped it to the floor. She was wearing panties that matched the bra. She never took her eyes off of mine as she reached back to unhook her bra and then pulled down her panties so I could get a look at her exquisite hair covered pussy. 

She said in a sexy, breathless voice, "I have always liked stripping for a man. Now you've seen mine, let's see yours." 

She didn't have to ask twice. I quickly took my clothes off and moved toward her. She held out her arms while moving back towards the bed. She had one knee on the bed with her other foot on the floor. I reached out to her and wrapped my arms around her while she did the same to me. We kissed deeply while I helped her lie back on the bed. I reluctantly disengaged from her wet kiss so I could kiss her neck, shoulders, collar bone, and then both breasts. 

After spending ample time kissing, sucking and licking around both nipples and receiving several soft moans from her, I continued down her stomach to kiss and lick her navel, down across her pelvis, and finally pressing my mouth on her pussy.

Her hips bucked up and she let out a loud moan as I licked up and down her pussy lips. I stuck my tongue in her pussy and started pushing it in and out, fucking her with my tongue. It didn't take long before she stifled a scream as she came on my tongue. I concentrated on her clit for a minute before she cried out and I could feel her cumming again. I lifted my head so I could see her face and asked, "Did you like that?" 

She grabbed my head and pulled me up as she said, "Get up here you marvelous bastard and fuck me." 

I started to kiss her again, but I realized my face was slick with her juices, so I started to wipe my mouth. 

She grabbed my hand and said, "Leave it. I love the taste of pussy juice, even my own." 

With that, I pressed my lips to her and pushed my tongue in her mouth. As was my habit, I grabbed my raging hard cock and rubbed it up and down her pussy lips a couple of times before pushing it in about half way before I started pumping in and out, slow and steady. 

She was breathing hard when she said, "Faster. Fuck me faster. I need to feel that dick filling me up." 

I started pumping faster and deeper and she started gulping air. I think she thought I had been giving her my full length before, but I had learned that if I only pumped half in at a slow pace, the women would eventually start begging for more, and when I gave them the full length, I would be rewarded with a massive orgasm, which was what was happening at that very minute. 

As she was coming down from her orgasm, I slowed my pace again, but this time I continued pushing my whole length in with every stroke. I had also discovered that if I moved my hips back and forth, side to side, and stroked at a downward angle from time to time, I could apparently reach all of the erogenous zones located inside the pussy. I felt her cum at least two more times before I felt that familiar tingling in my balls that told me I was about to cum. 

When I told her and asked where she wanted it, she said, "In my mouth." 

With that, she pushed me off and scrambled down to put those delicious red lips around my cock. I fucked her face for several strokes until I unloaded in her mouth. Much to my surprise, she swallowed every drop and kept bobbing her head up and down for a minute after I was completely empty. She licked her lips and smiled before she moved back up to lay beside me. 

She said, "Cindi said you were good. I was skeptical, but I have needed a good fuck for so long, I thought I would take a chance. Young man, you were more than good. I think that was the best fuck I have ever had." 

She stared at me for a few minutes before she asked, "If you don't mind me asking, how old are you?" I told her I had just turned 19. 

She gave me that same look of amazement Karen had the day before, and then said, "Shit. That is unbelievable. I'm ten years older than you. My husband is 31 and he has never fucked me like that." She laid her head back on the pillow, and I think I heard her mumble 'unbelievable' again. 

Then she asked, "So, was this a one-time deal, or do you think we can do this again?" 

I answered, "Do you mean now, or again as in another day?" 

She looked at the clock on her bedside table and said, "My husband won't be home for at least five more hours, so there's no way you're getting out of here without fucking me again. As for another day, I mean, how would that work? Do I just call you when I need a good fuck, or what?" 

I thought about the deal I had just made with Karen for Tuesdays, so I answered, "Today is Wednesday. Are you usually free on Wednesdays at about this same time?" 

She thought about it for a minute, told me she would be free every Wednesday, and I explained the same thing to her as I did to Karen about having to work sometimes, but I would call her to let her know beforehand. She looked like a kid on Christmas morning as she just realized I had taken care of her sexual frustration. She then went down on me again, got me hard as a rock, and we fucked each other silly for the next 45 minutes.

On Thursday morning I called the next name on my list. She knew who I was right away and asked me to come over. When I got to her door, I noticed the quarters belonged to a Major. Interesting. Cindi, Karen, and Betsy had all been married to Captains and were in their late 20's. I assumed a Major's wife would be in her mid to late 30's. Oh well, only one way to find out. 

I knocked and a very attractive woman came to the door. She was very statuesque with 38 D cup breasts, not a slim waist, but not fat either and wide hips. She had medium brown hair that reached her shoulders before flipping up on the ends. She was wearing a simple cotton house dress and open-toe sandals that I had noticed were popular with the local German girls. 

I was very pleased with what I saw standing before me, but apparently, she wasn't too pleased with me. She looked at me up and down before saying, "You have got to be kidding me! Is this some sort of a joke?" 

I was confused, but I answered, "I'm not sure what you mean. Cindi asked me if I could come meet you and maybe help you with a little problem." 

She said, "Cindi had a talk with me, and I'm sure with some other friends of ours, and she said you were the best lover she had ever had. But this has to be a joke. How old are you?" 

I told her I had just turned 19 and she laughed out loud. She said, "How can you be such a great lover when you're still a kid?" 

I said, "Listen Susan. I came here to help you, and you told Cindi you were interested. If you have changed your mind and want me to leave, then no problem. I'm sorry I wasted your time." 

She thought about that for a minute before saying in a much less confrontational tone, "I'm twice as old as you. Surely you don't want to have sex with an old lady, do you?" 

I took her hand and answered, "First, you're not an old lady. You are not only beautiful, but you are very sensual. Second, I don't want to have sex with you, I want to make love to you. Any man in his right mind would want to." 

I noticed her eyes soften and then she smiled and asked, "So, how does this work?" 

I told her if she could take me to her bed, I would show her. Although she still seemed hesitant, she led me back to her bedroom. When we got there, I told her to get undressed. She lifted her dress over her head allowing me to see she definitely wasn't wearing old lady underwear. She wasn't wearing a bra and her large, luscious tits were standing out with no hint of sagging. She was wearing very sexy black lacy panties which she removed as she was sitting on the side of the bed. 

I quickly removed my clothes and sat down next to her. I leaned her back on the bed and whispered, "Relax. Let me take care of you." 

I got down on my knees and put my face between her legs and began running my tongue up and down her thighs before blowing hot breath on her pussy. 

I felt her shiver and take a deep breath in before she asked, "You're not really going to eat me, are you?" 

I answered, "Of course I am. Don't you want me to?" 

She said, "I haven't had anyone eat my pussy in 20 years. I'm just embarrassed. I'm an old lady. I don't want you to do anything that you might find unpleasant." 

I again assured her she wasn't old, and it wasn't unpleasant to me. I told her again to relax and told her if she didn't like what I was doing, she could tell me to stop. I then proceeded to give her the best pussy licking I could. Apparently, she didn't find any reason to stop me until she had several orgasms. My face was covered in her juices as were both of her thighs. 

She finally asked me to stop because she couldn't take anymore. When I pulled myself up onto the bed, she was breathing hard with her mouth open and her eyes closed. 
