 Erica reached across the breakfast table for some juice. "Remind me, why are we up so early?"

"I don't know. I was perfectly content staying in bed, feeling your ass against my stomach. You're the one insisting we get up and go do something." Gabriel grumbled, sipping his coffee as if it were the only thing keeping him alive.

"Oh yes, that's right. We have things to do! You're not here long, and I'm not having you waste time in bed that we could spend seeing the sights."

"I was quite enjoying the sights, thank you very much." He responded with a grimace. She playfully swatted him with a paper.

"You know what I mean!"

"Yes, I guess I do." Gabriel groaned theatrically - deftly avoiding the paper without spilling a single drop of the life-giving elixir in his cup. "I still maintain we would have had just as much fun in the hotel room."

"Nah, being outside is much more exciting!" Erica grinned impishly at him.

"What, you mean you didn't have enough yesterday?" Gabriel replied with mock incredulity.

Yesterday had been a good day. After meeting for the first time, they quickly ended up making love in a secluded area of the local park. After they had relaxed together for a few minutes, they both got up, covered themselves up (though Erica didn't put her panties back on - instead she ostentatiously put them in her purse, much to Gabriel' delight), and followed the little dirt road back to the main path.

"Where to next?" Gabriel asked.

Erica took his hand to guide him on, and they were both surprised at how natural and casual the gesture felt. Gabriel squeezed it once and then she led him deeper into the park.

After a few minutes walk, they came across a little square with some park benches. Erica told Gabriel with a sly smile: "Why don't you sit down there? You still look a little flustered from earlier."

Gabriel was about to protest when he noticed her grin, and responded: "Why yes, now that you mention it, I do still feel a little weak at the knees. More than usual when I see you, I mean." Putting deed to word, he sat down, looking up at her with an quizzical expression on his face. Without saying anything, she turned her back to him, and then slowly, teasingly, bent over forward, her ass very close to his face. She pulled the dress up slowly, revealing her still-puffy pussy and ass to him. She heard him gasp softly behind her, and felt his hot breath on her skin. Before long she felt him lick her again, and she closed her eyes in pleasure. His tongue was so hot, so soft against her pussy, and her ass. She could have enjoyed the moment for longer, but this square was much more public than the glade they were in earlier, and she didn't feel quite so comfortable as she did earlier.

Instead, she straightened up, hearing him mutter in disappointment. She looked back at him over her shoulder, grinning, then stepped back and sat on his lap. He made a surprised sound, but she soon felt his arms around her, holding her close to him. While pleasant, this was not what she hand in mind, and she quickly brought her legs back, moving to sit astride him. He kissed her on the back of her neck, raising goosebumps along her neck and arms, and she closed her eyes again momentarily. Then she started grinding her pussy against his cock through his pants. She was surprised to find him rock hard, since it had really not been more than a few minutes since he came inside her. Nevertheless, he seemed eager for her, and she was beginning to feel like she needed more too.

"Did you just want to do it here, or did you have somewhere more private in mind?" He whispered in her ear.

"Tempting, but this might be just a little too exposed. Getting arrested is not what we came here to do. Not only would it be really hard to explain to our spouses, but worse still, it would cut into what little time we do have together."

"Yes, that's true." he agreed. "I plan on enjoying every moment with you, and I doubt they'd let us share a jail cell."

Slowly, and not a little regretfully, Erica stood up. As she did so, Gabriel quickly leaned forward and got one more lick in.

"What?" he said in response to the half exasperated, half amused look she gave him. "I like how you taste. I can't help being greedy when it comes to you!"

"Uh huh. Just get up and let's find somewhere a little more private. You're not the only greedy one."

"Yes ma'am!" he said, and gave her a mock salute.

"Hmmm. We might have to explore that a little further. I like the idea of being your commander." She considered the idea for a moment, then looked around to get her bearings. "I know a great little restaurant around here. Think you could eat? No, not that, you perv!" The latter in response to the leer that appeared on his face at the mention of the word 'eat'.

"I guess, I could eat some food, if I had to." He said, looking disappointed.

"Don't worry, you'll get more of that later, too. We have the entire night together, and it's barely evening yet."

They walked, again hand in hand, to the restaurant. They didn't talk much, but they didn't have to. They enjoyed each other's company tremendously, and were comfortable in the silence. The restaurant was a small place, and not busy yet at this time. It was darker than expected, a fact that Gabriel noticed with some satisfaction. He wasn't sure if she had planned it that way, but he knew he would be taking advantage of it. The maître d' approached them, and Gabriel asked for a booth, somewhere in the back. She nodded and led them to a quiet spot, and there were seated.

Gabriel looked Erica up and down. He could never get enough of her. She was really stunningly beautiful. Dark, lively eyes, a smile that literally made him weak at the knees on more than one occasion, Curly, full-bodied dark hair, and a body that would have made Bernini weep.

She noticed him staring, and looked down, suddenly feeling a little self-conscious. "I'm sorry, I don't mean to embarrass you." Gabriel said. "It's just that I've been looking at your pictures and your cam for so long now, it just feels a little surreal being with you in the flesh. While I never doubted that you would be as ravishing in real life as you are online, I did not expect the impact to be quite so, well, visceral. I'm having a hard time not looking at you."

Erica smiled again. She knew how he felt - he had never hid it from her. It took a little getting used to being the center of quite that intense attention, but it was far from unpleasant. And while they did meet online - "A hive of scum and villainy" as Gabriel would no doubt have put it, nerd that he was - he was definitely one of the good guys. She felt completely safe with him, otherwise she would never have agreed to meet with him in the first place.

"You're sweet." She said. "And I feel the same way. It's a lot more intense than I was expecting. And you're a good looking guy, too. Don't put yourself down!"

Gabriel grinned. She knew from experience that he was always quite self-effacing, but it was true. He was tall, with a pleasantly handsome face. Nothing extraordinary, to be sure, but far from unattractive. He had a ready smile, and intense eyes that were mostly bright blue, but could shift to grey depending on the light - and his mood. In the dim restaurant they appeared to be darker blue than usual, but they were focused on her with his usual acuteness.

Their mutual admiration was interrupted by the server, who asked them if they were ready. Not having even looked at the menu yet, they asked for a few more minutes, and he retreated. Gabriel noticed with amusement that the waiter was so busy looking at Erica that he almost tripped on his way back.

As he left, Erica dropped her fork on the floor, quite deliberately. Instinctively, Gabriel reacted by going down under the table for it, before she could even ask him. Either way, that was the outcome she was looking for, because as he looked in her direction he saw her legs spread, her pussy clearly still wet. It looked very inviting, and he could not resist moving his head between her legs under the skirt of her dress. She gasped as she felt his hot tongue touch her pussy, sending electric shocks through her body.

Gabriel was hidden from view completely by the tablecloth, and he took full advantage of this fact to start licking Erica's gorgeous pussy in earnest. Erica, for her part, was enjoying his attention a great deal when the waiter came back.

"Oh, I see your partner has gone to the restroom." He said when he noticed Gabriel wasn't in his seat. "I'll come back in a few minutes to check again." He walked away again, though looked back over his shoulder quizzically when Erica gasped audibly - Gabriel had just sucked her clit between his lips and was flicking his tongue over it furiously. She covered it with a cough and smiled at the waiter until he was out of sight.

"That was close!" She whispered just loud enough for Gabriel to hear. He grinned to himself under the table and resumed licking her. She felt his tongue assault her clit over and over, sometimes mixing it up by moving down a little and pushing into her very hot, very wet sex.He seemed to be lapping at her, trying to taste as much of her wetness as he could before going back to licking her clit. Every stroke of his tongue sent little jolts through her, and she knew it wouldn't be long before she came. Her nipples were visibly hard through the fabric of her dress. Unconsciously she started playing with one, then the other, as Gabriel continued pleasuring her. Her breath started growing ragged, and she could feel the force inside her building to a crescendo as Gabriel intensified his efforts. Suddenly, the dam broke and her orgasm coursed through her, and she let out an involuntary moan. Gabriel kept licking until he sensed her relax, then licked her all clean and got up from under the table, just as the waiter came back. "Um, she uh, dropped her fork." Gabriel explained. The waiter just nodded, though he looked slightly suspicious. Erica was just glad that the dim lighting hid how flushed her cheeks were.

Eventually, they ordered their food, and enjoyed an excellent meal. They chatted and laughed, and at times just sat quietly enjoying each other's company. For dessert they decided on sharing a cake - though Erica made him fight her for every bite. More laughing, a final coffee, and then it was time to head back to the hotel.

They took the elevator up to their room on the top floor. Gabriel went to press the button, but Erica beat him to it, again flashing her trademark grin at him. "I had a lot of fun today, Gabriel." She said once the doors closed and they started moving. "Thank you."

"It's been amazing. I have had a great time." he smiled back at her.

Erica's eyes suddenly glinted mischievously and she stroked his crotch suggestively. "I think it's been more fun for me than for you!"

"Eh, who's counting?" Gabriel laughed. "Besides, we're not done yet. We have tonight and tomorrow. I fully intend to have my way with you repeatedly in that time period."

"Good. I fully intend to have you have your way with me repeatedly, too." Erica reached up and kissed him. "I'm glad we decided to do this. I really had reservations, but it's been great."

"Agreed. But then, I never doubted that it would be. Apparently I have more faith than you do." he teased.

Once in the hotel room they quickly made themselves comfortable. Gabriel sat down on the bed, checking his laptop, while Erica went to check the bathroom. After a few minutes, he heard water running, and assumed that she was getting a bath ready. Sure enough, a few minutes later she called him into the bathroom, and he saw that she was already in the tub - modestly covered in bubbles.

"Get out of those clothes before the urge to splash you becomes too strong, and I soak your clothes!" she told him. Gabriel wasted no time at all complying with her order. Moments later, his clothes were on the floor, and he stood in front of the tub, naked, already fully hard. He slipped into the water, sitting back and allowing the warmth to envelop him. This was wonderful - a hot bath which smelled of lavender, and the most beautiful woman in the world right in front of him. He couldn't believe his luck.

Erica, in the meantime, had been eyeing his cock, enjoying the way the veins encircled it, and noticing the way it throbbed. She felt like she needed it inside her again. "Ok, I'm going to turn around and lean against you." she announced.Nodding, Gabriel leaned back against the side of the tub, and within moments Erica was nestled against him, head against his shoulder, her ass rubbing against his cock. He gasped softly, and Erica grinned. "Oh, you like that, do you?" she asked.

"Um. Yes." he responded before he let out another gasp. Encouraged, Erica reached behind her, taking his shaft into her hand and pushing it down flat so she could move back and sit with it nestled between her ass cheeks, and her inner thighs. Gabriel had closed his eyes in the meantime, loving the feeling of her body against his, and even more the feeling of her ass and pussy against his cock. She started to rock back and forth on him, each movement sending little shocks through his body that she felt as his muscles twitched slightly. His breathing was shallow now, his eyes still closed in pleasure. Gabriel could feel every inch where their bodies touched, and it was electric. His cock had become so sensitive that it was almost painful - a combination of his arousal and the hot water, not to mention what Erica was doing to him.

Erica, for her part, was enjoying this, but she still wanted him inside her. Moving back further, she lifted herself up a little, and in one smooth movement lowered herself onto his cock until she bottomed out. She let out a moan of pleasure - going from having nothing inside her to being completely filled in one smooth, quick movement was amazing. Gabriel gasped too, his body now rigid against hers. "Fuck, Erica." he breathed. "That feels so good!"

"Uh huh" She responded, too busy focusing on the feeling of him inside her to pay attention to her reply. Her eyes were closed, too, now, and she felt her pussy slowly stretching to accommodate him. Once she relaxed a bit, she started to rock back and forth again, making waves that splashed against the bathtub sides. Gabriel put his hands on her hips, leaning back and pushing up slightly to go as deep as possible. The feeling was at once deeply erotic, very relaxing, and yet also sensual enough to make him feel like he couldn't last too long like this. The angle with which the head of his cock rubbed against the inner wall of her pussy, combined with the overwhelming sensation of the water and her body, had him moaning and gasping as he felt his orgasm approaching like a freight train. "Erica, I'm going to cum!" he gasped, and she squeezed her pussy around him tighter in encouragement. Moments later his body went rigid again, and his cock jumped inside her. She actually felt his cum splash against her pussy wall, then deeper inside as she bottomed out again. He moaned her name, and shot wave after wave into her. Eventually he relaxed, though his cock was still hard, still throbbing inside her.

"Wow. That was... intense. I don't think I have ever cum that hard." He said, still breathing slightly faster.

"Hmmm. I could feel it. It was intense!" She continued rocking slightly, though not nearly as vigorously as before. Really, she only wanted to feel him inside her, and the slight movement ensured that she felt as much of him as possible. He stroked her skin all over, his hands roaming her sides, her tummy, her breasts. One hand went down and started to rub her clit gently, which caused goosebumps to raise on her arms and neck. She felt his mouth descend on the back of her neck, and he kissed and nibbled her while she moaned softly, her pussy clenching around him.

"I think it's time we got out. This water is getting cold, and we need to shower anyway." Gabriel suggested. With a little pout, Erica nodded and slowly got off him. She reached down and gave his cock a squeeze. Pointing at it, she said: "Mine".

Gabriel laughed and nodded. Then he pointed at himself, and said: "Yours. Has been for a long time now." With a satisfied smile, Erica stood up in front of him, enjoying the admiring gaze that took in her face, neck, breasts, tummy, pussy and legs. "Erica, you are a work of art. Truly." Gabriel breathed with wonder in his voice.

She gave him a pleased smile, then offered her hand. Taking it, he stood up with her help. She couldn't help but notice that he was still hard. "You don't give up easily, do you?"

He smiled sheepishly. "Well, normally it would be more work to keep this hard for this long, but yeah, you do have this effect on me." He got out of the tub and walked to the separate shower, helping her out and holding her hand while he turned on the hot water for the shower. When the temperature was just right he stepped in and pulled her in after him. She almost fell over with a yelp, but he caught her, grinning, and pulled her close, kissing her lips, before getting the shampoo from the shower caddy. "Ready to be washed from top to bottom?" he asked. "I have to get you clean so I can get you dirty again!" Erica smiled and motioned for him to get started.

Wasting no time, Gabriel poured shampoo into the palm of his hand, and started washing her hair. Taking his time, he massaged her scalp and cleaned her now wet and bedraggled hair. Erica tilted her head back and enjoyed the sensation of someone taking care of her like that. When done, he rinsed her hair and worked in the conditioner. Leaving it in, he poured some shower gel onto his hand and started washing her body - starting at the shoulders, working his way down her arms, making her spread her arms so he could wash her sides. He took the bottle of shower gel and squeezed it over her breasts, then started rubbing it in, squeezing them and playing with the nipples as he went. "God, I could play with these forever. They are spectacular." He said. Her nipples reacted immediately, growing hard again. Rinsing off the soap, he took one in his mouth and sucked on it, gently at first, then harder and more urgently. At the same time, he took one soapy hand and slid it between her legs, rubbing her pussy up and down.

Almost regretfully he stopped, and Erica made a disappointed sound. "Patience, oh my goddess," he smiled. "You'll get your turn in just a moment!" He quickly soaped her back, then knelt beside her, thoroughly cleaning - and groping - her ass. "Can't be too clean!" he said brightly.

"Sure," she said sardonically. "You're just lucky I am enjoying what you're doing!".

"Yes I am!" he agreed happily. He continued cleaning her ass, then rinsed it off. He spread her cheeks, admiring the puckered hole, then stuck his tongue out and licked it. He heard Erica gasp, and stiffened his tongue, probing her ass with it. Erica reached behind and spread her cheeks, and leaned forward slightly.

Gabriel continued this a minute or so, then stopped. Again, Erica made a disappointed noise. Gabriel moved sideways and used a soapy hand to quickly clean her inner thighs, her pussy, and her legs, then stood up. He wrapped his arms around her waist and leaned forward to kiss her. Instinctively, Erica put her arms around his neck, and as soon as she did he easily lifted her up. She yelped and wrapped her legs around him - bringing her pussy into contact with his still-hard cock. Gabriel grinned and said: "That's exactly what I had in mind"

Erica purred and moved around in such a way that his cock was right at the entrance to her pussy. She then squeezed her legs, slowly letting him inside her, as he lowered her onto his shaft. Down and down she went until he was completely inside her, thick, throbbing, and very, very hot. He could feel her muscular legs gripping him, pulling him into her, and he suddenly kissed her hard. He started thrusting up and down, using his arms to lift and lower her with every thrust. Erica felt the heat, too, and started biting his neck, scratching his back and squeezing his cock inside her. Moaning and panting, she felt his cock penetrate her deeply, each thrust bringing the head of his cock deeply into her until she felt it brushing against her cervix.
