 Jake and Jade glanced at each other. Nervous, they stripped away what little clothes remained and put them in the washing machine. As their clothes dampened and mixed with the rest of their laundry, there was no turning back.

Jake glanced around first. Heart racing, he feared someone would walk into the laundry room. A glimpse of Jade's succulent breasts tantalized him, making him forget the predicament.

Jade's stomach turned in knots. If caught, what could the repercussions be? Kicked out of the apartments? Arrested? Would she lose her job? Catching sight of Jake's hard body, and seeing him aroused sent her mind into frenzy.

Jake grabbed the back of her neck and drew her head closer. They kissed deeply. His lips danced across her neck while her fingernails raked down the backside of his shoulders. Jake's tongue found her earlobe. After licking it, he softly blew, then whispered. "You are like a goddess to be worshipped." His hands moved to her breasts, caressing her nipples and tracing them.

Jade lost a breath. The sensation euphoric, she lost consciousness to everything except her pleasure. The sound of the washing machines faded. Unable to hear their noises echo in the laundry room, Jade focused only on the indescribable feeling within.

Jade opened her eyes then rubbed his rock-like chest. Leaning forward, Jade placed her lips over his left nipple and lightly inhaled while touching it with her tongue. "If you had milk in there," she whispered, "... I would sssssssuck both chambers dry."

Fully aroused, Jake's jaw quivered. He shook when Jade slithered up his body, pulling her soft breasts against his hard muscle. 

Jake hopped atop the washing machine. Rolling dryers echoed strangely, reminding both of the danger. It sounded as if the washing machine changed cycles. It added to the excitement. Jade mounted Jake's stiff rod. Facing each other, she pulled his head into her breasts. Jake kissed them, focusing on the nipples, returning the excitement she gave him.

Jake thrust as Jade gyrated her hips—trying to create more tension and arousal.

Jake felt a tingling in his rod and balls. It grew, spreading slowly like a fire, but exponentially creating heat.

Jade felt the tickling deep inside. The sensation swelled, then faded—like waves rolling into a shoreline. Flushed, Jade felt her skin warm. Waves of erotic pleasure rendered her dizzy.

The washing machine entered the spin cycle. The added dimension of shaking rattled both. It added to the sexual tension that increased with every motion. Their breaths came in short bursts, out of sync and step like a strange cacophony. Still, the dissonant sounds in each others ears turned into music. Knowing they approached their goal made Jake and Jade work harder.

"Oh my God!"

Jade opened her eyes. Two girls had entered the laundry room. One dropped a basket of dirty clothes while the other cupped her mouth. They both ran. A boy, probably 16 or 17 walked in. Jaw dropped, the boy stared at the couple on the washing machine.

Knowing the boy, Jade waved at him.

Jake looked up at Jade. "What is ...?"

Jade pulled his head back into her breasts. "It’s just Cody. Keep going, I'm very close."

They continued to thrust at each other. The sensation within grew. Jake did his best to hold out, but knew it would release soon.

Jade, lost in her pleasure, felt the waves of pleasure break higher and faster. Overtaken, the surge broke in every muscle, every inch of skin. Arching her back, she screamed, moaned, then let the sexual energy sedate her mood. 

Jake exploded a split second before Jade's voice resonated loudly. Moving from his groin, the electricity shot into Jade. Jake held her tight, pressing his head into her chest. Opening his eyes, Jake stared at Jade’s heaving, aroused breasts.

Their breaths returned to normal. Calm, collected, both moved off the washing machine.

Jake, seeing the boy, covered his semi-erect rod and rushed out the door. Darkness and shadows covered his nudity as he scampered back to the apartment.

Jade, on the other hand, felt cavalier. Satisfied for the moment, she strode out with confidence—but not without stopping in front of the boy and touching his jaw. "Cody, you can blink now," she said coyly.

Cody, smiled, then stepped back, obviously embarrassed by a bulge in his pants. Alone, he looked around, making sure no one watched. Dropping his pants, Cody grabbed his dick and went to work.

# # #

Jake escorted Jade to the stacks. Quiet, rows and rows of books stretched forever. Old, dusty, most people considered the books outdated. Still, serious researchers might come to use them. Not well lit, it served as the perfect place.

Jake and Jade moved to a corner. Red brick surrounded them on one side. A tattered window did its best to hold the cool air. Outside, a busy downtown street started its lunch hour. On the other side of Jade and Jake were the rows of ancient books. Unlike the laundry room, it was quiet and calm. A holy aura of stillness rendered both silent.

Jake started, kissing Jade’s neck and shoulders. Lifting her head, Jade relished the affection. Her skin savored the dampened pressure of Jake’s lips. Moving down her tight-fitting dress, he kissed her chest and buried his head in her breasts. He licked her nipples, then gently sucked on them, actually craving sustenance. The flesh of her breasts tasted the sweetest.

Reciprocating, Jade reached inside his buttoned up shirt and pulled her fingernails across Jake’s hardened chest. Rubbing his shoulders, she then removed Jake’s shirt. His strong hands twisted her nipples, traced them, and then stirred her tits into each other. Jade gasped, but still had frame of mind to reach down and rub his stomach, then unbutton his fly. Reaching inside, she gently massaged his balls, then his dick. Her hands moved back to his stomach.

As Jake’s pants fell, he dropped to his knees, pulling her dress down. Staring at her legs, Jake moved up, kissing every inch of her inner thighs. His hands outlined her legs, then massaged her splendid, muscular buttocks. Jake kissed her stomach, then slowly pulled her thong off her hips and to the floor.

Jade moved back, and sat on the windowsill. With her back against the window, she lifted her legs and wrapped them around his neck. Using her legs, Jade pulled Jake closer. Masculine lips danced on Jade’s pussy. Placing his nose against her clit, Jake hummed a few seconds. Lost in the crashing pleasure, Jade started massaging her breasts.

Jake stroked his tongue across her clit. Pressing hard, he drew out the motion, hoping to extend her pleasure. Jake’s tongue slithered up her pink pedal. Flicking it a few times, she gasped. Jade’s inner thighs wrapped tightly around his ears. Sensing her euphoria, Jake’s tongue entered his pussy. In and out, up and down, side to side.

Jade still massaged her breasts. Amazingly, every inch of her skin tingled with fire. Hot, flushed, and excited, Jade perspired. Gasping, huffing, she could not explain, understand, or decipher the euphoria within her soul. The power in her crotch spread to her breasts, skin, nose, and ears. Rising, the energy ruptured through her entire body, spreading to every muscle and limb. Immediately, Jade covered her mouth, to muffle her grunts.

After huffing and holding her chest a few seconds, Jade opened her eyes to behold Jake full naked. She kissed him, swirling her tongue around his mouth, then entered. Their tongues twirled for a second, and then she pulled away, biting his lower lip. Pushing Jake into the red brick corner, totally absorbed in frenzied lust, Jade kissed his chest. Feminine lips descended his hard chest and stomach—but not before stopping to flick his nipples with her tongue. Tracing his perineum with her tongue, Jade descended to his dick. Straight and hard, it seemed to reach for her.

Jade first massaged the warm rod between her soft breasts—forcing Jake to moan. Kisses descended his shaft to his shaven testicles. Licking them a few times, Jade could tell she needed to take his fullness soon. Lightly, she dragged a fingernail across his dick, almost sending Jake into convulsions.

Ready, Jade kissed the head. Placing her mouth over his extension, she twirled her tongue around the head, then the shaft. Pulling her head away, she sucked hard, sealing her lips on the head before pulling away. Swallowing the manly flesh again, she repeated the action. Then, she moved up and down the shaft with lips pressed hard.

A seething heat grew in Jake’s balls. It expanded. Contracting his insides, he flexed his manhood a few times, hoping to draw it out. No. Jade moved too fast. The swells grew, faster and faster—moving up his shaft. 

Books dropped. “What the hell?”

Jake opened his eyes, seeing an assistant librarian drop some books and stand shocked. Although embarrassed, Jake’s growing pleasure took high precedence. Clenching his eyelids, contorting his face, Jake tried to apologize—but could only grunt and breathe heavy.

The woman threw up her arms and left. Right behind her, young Cody appeared. The boy dropped his backpack and stared at both Jake and Jade. Somewhat cognizant, Jake held his finger vertically across his lips and shh’d Cody. Then, it seemed something ruptured. Buttocks, thighs, and crotch all convulse on their own, shooting his semen two … three times. It seemed his breaths followed every spray that left his dick.

The warm, milky substance hit Jade’s tongue and throat. Salty, she gulped it down hard. Keeping her mouth over his dick, she felt it soften, but still shoot a few last streams. Jade pulled away, noticing some more semen on the shaft and on the tip of his dick. Slowly, she licked Jake clean, then stood.

Jake and Jade’s eyes both widened, recognizing the young man. “Cody?”

Cody merely nodded, never blinking his eyes. As the couple dressed, the boy stepped back, wanting to hide the bulge in his pants.

“They’re up here!” yelled a distant voice.

Jake and Jade, half-dressed darted down one aisle and bolted out the exit door. Outside, still half-naked, they blushed in front of a mixed crowd. A bus stopped in front of them. Jake, having his wallet out, bolted on the bus and put in the money. Jade followed. They both found a seat and finished dressing as strangers gazed at their flesh.

Up in the library, Cody, seeing the woman and security guard give chase to his friends. Looking around, Cody knew he had to do something. Unzipping his pants, the boy reached inside and started.

Jake's stomach seemed to drop. His chest shrank. How could she talk him into this?

Jade grabbed his hand and pulled. "Okay, come on."

They moved quickly through the department store. Women glanced at clothes, linens, and decorative items. Men examined tools and entertainment systems.

Jade and Jake made their way through the maze of clothing racks and bolted into the change room. No one around, they both darted into one changing stall. The wooden door did not seem to provide enough shielding.

Jake took lead, unbuttoning Jade's blouse. His hands worked fast, massaging her breasts and rubbing her skin. Jade reached underneath and unzipped his fly. Reaching inside, she massaged his semi-erect penis. Her fingers danced across Jake’s waist as she slithered up, covering his abs and chest with kisses.

Someone walked in. Both froze as the door closed on their corner. Quiet and still, they saw an attendant search for any clothes near the bench. The woman reached down to grab a pair of khaki pants and some jeans. She left and closed the door.

Jake continued reaching around and removing Jade’s bra. Burying his head in her breasts, Jake licked, kissed, and gently sucked the nipples. Jade, kissed his head, then his ears, gently blowing. Hands rubbed his shoulders and chest. Sharp fingernails raked his back with her fingernails. Excited, Jake let his pants drop.

A customer started opening the door. Scared, Jake slammed it shut. "Occupied," he said.

"Sorry," said the man.

Their breaths in short bursts, fully aroused, both were ready. Jade jumped up and wrapped her legs around Jake's waist. Carefully, he entered. He thrust wildly.

Jade bit her bottom lip, desperately wanting to make noise that reflected the feeling inside.

The door started to open. Jade used her foot and pushed it shut. "Occupied," she said, her voice quivering.

"Ma'am," said the masculine voice, "this is the men's change room."

"Sorry," she almost yelped, but somehow contained her euphoria.

"Ma'am? Are you okay?"

"Never better," she whispered.

Jade felt it. The rising electricity inside swelled higher. Gaining momentum, she knew it would explode soon.

Jake felt the tingling in his dick. Everything rushed forward. And impending urge forced him to thrust wilder, faster, and stronger.

"Yeah!" moaned Jade. She quickly bit her lip to keep her voice low.

Both grunted and breathed heavier. Suddenly, their love released simultaneously, becoming one gigantic force. Jake's legs and ass shook and convulse on their own. Jade felt the rush jiggle her breasts and legs. Calmed, both stared in each other eyes and kissed again.

Jake took lead and gathered his clothes and put them on. Jade grabbed his chin. "Wanna do it again?"

Jake stared at her marvelous breasts and fantastic skin. It still smelled like lemon and cinnamon. "How about," he whispered, "The mall bathroom?"

"Good idea," she said.

The door opened. Cody, perplexed stood aside for Jade and Jake. The couple stood erect and straightened their clothes. "Excuse us, Cody," said Jade.

“All yours buddy,” said Jake.

Jade and Jake left Cody confused, customer.

The Cody stared at them, then at the change room. He wondered what they were doing together in the room—until he noticed Jade’s bra and thong. What is it with those two? he thought, if they can fuck in here, then I can whack off. Smiling, Cody closed the door and unzipped his pants.