 John The Horny Instructor ©

I arrived at Fort Gordon, GA, in January of 1972. After attending a two-week instructor course, I was assigned to the Military Police School as an Interview and Interrogation and Criminal Law instructor. I taught classes for new military policemen, military police investigators, and new CID agents. Since I had ignored my physical fitness regime while in Vietnam, I started every morning by participating in physical fitness and the two-mile run with one of the training units, and I volunteered to assist the unarmed defense instructor with his classes. I missed my martial arts training and the instructor taught me a lot of moves, especially take-downs and compliance techniques. Soon I was back in pretty good shape.

Teaching was new to me, but I found that I really liked it. It was rewarding to pass on knowledge and skills that teach young law enforcement officers how to perform their jobs in a way that will give them confidence while safeguarding people's rights. 

After every hour-long lecture, the class took a ten-minute break. Most of the students would hang around outside the classroom and talk. I was in the hallway one day, drinking a cup of coffee, when I heard a couple of guys complaining about being horny because they were away from their wives. Everyone had a good laugh, except my lone female student. She said, "You guys make me sick! You think only guys get horny? I'm away from my husband, so I get horny, too!" 

Again, everyone had a good laugh. A couple of the guys looked embarrassed and stared at their feet. I just shook my head. I was thinking, "You stupid assholes. That very attractive young lady just told you she was horny, and all you could do was laugh. If I was a student, I would have hit on her in a flash!"

I stood in the hallway on the next few breaks and the subject of being horny never came up again. I had previously given the class a written assignment, so at the end of the day I was holding their papers in my hand when I said, "Sergeant Andrews, could I see you for a minute?"

When everyone had left, and she was standing by my desk, I told her to have a seat. She sat down in one of the front row seats and I sat down next to her. "Sergeant Andrews", I began, "I wanted to tell you that I was very impressed with your paper. I can tell you put a lot of thought into it, and I appreciate the time and effort you devoted to the assignment."

"Thank you, sir."

"If you have another minute, I would like to talk to you about something else."

"Yes sir, I have nothing else to do."

"Sergeant, I don't want you to take this the wrong way, but I heard what you said during this morning's break, you know, ah..., about being away from your husband and all."

"I'm sorry you heard that," she replied. "I didn't mean to go off on those guys, but they act like little children, always talking about sex. I just had enough of it, and sort of blurted that out before I thought about what I was saying."

"Again, don't take this the wrong way, and don't think that as your instructor I am trying to pressure you, but, ah..., I was wondering if you might like to go to dinner and maybe have a few drinks?"

I have said before that I sometimes, okay, usually, let my little head do my thinking for me, and very rarely use my big head to over rule it with rational thoughts. I was thinking she would either lose her temper and go straight to my boss to get me fired, or she would just go off on me like she did those guys this morning and tell me to go fuck myself. There was about a 00.1% chance that she would actually say yes. So, I was not expecting her response.

She looked at me for a long time, long enough to make me feel uncomfortable, while, I assumed, she was trying to think of the appropriate way to tell me to go fuck myself. She finally said, "So, you heard what I told those guys this morning? The part where I said I was horny? I assume that's why you are asking me out?"

"Look, I just thought that since you were away from your husband, and I'm single and not seeing anyone, and we both have to eat, that you might enjoy going out to dinner. Like I said, I didn't want you to take it the wrong way."

"So, me being horny didn't have anything to do with it, huh?"

"Uh, well, I mean..."

She asked, "Do you live off post?"

I told her I had an apartment about a mile outside the gate. She asked me if I had anything to drink there. I told her I had beer, gin, because I liked Gin and Tonic, and I had a bottle of Bourbon. 

She said, "How about we skip dinner, go grab a cheeseburger at a drive-through, and then go to your place, for drinks and whatever."

That sounded good to me, especially the 'whatever', so the only thing I could think to say was, "Do you want to ride with me, or do you have a car?"

She said we could take my car if I could make sure she got back to class on time in the morning. I guess she really was horny! She just indicated she would be staying with me overnight! We went through the drive through to get our food and took it back to my apartment to eat. When we had finished our food, I took the sack and threw it in the trash can. I asked, "What would you like to drink?"

"Beer's fine for now."

I got a beer for both of us and sat back down at the kitchen table. We drank the beers while making small talk. When the beer was gone, she said, "Thanks for the excellent dinner, but enough small talk. Are you going to fuck me, or what?"

We were both wearing Class A uniforms, mine with slacks, her's with a skirt. We had already removed our coats when we first walked in, so we removed our shoes and shirts, and then my pants and her skirt. That left me standing nude, since I still chose not to wear underwear, and she was wearing a bra and panties. She pointed down the hall and asked, "Bedroom?" I told her yes and we both padded down the hall barefooted with her in the lead. 

She entered the bedroom and stood by my bed as she removed her bra and panties. I usually like to do that myself, but I was in no position to argue. When she was completely nude, she laid back on the pillows and spread her legs.

I asked, "Are you in a hurry? Someplace you have to be?"

She replied, "Yeah, it's called fucksville. Now all aboard or this train is going to leave without you."

"Slow down. I don't like fast fucks. I like to take my time and enjoy myself. More importantly, I want you to enjoy it. Is that alright with you?"

She didn't answer, so I climbed between her legs and began to rub her breasts. She had very nice 36 C cups, with dark pink areola and darker nipples that were hard and getting harder. I then leaned down and started licking around her nipples, and occasionally sucking them. She let out a soft moan which I took to mean I was doing a good job. After making sure both nipples had equal attention, I slowly began to lick down her body and across her stomach. I bypassed her fur coated mound and dropped down to lick the inside of her thighs and then back up until I got to her pussy. I could smell her arousal. I licked in between her labia, from bottom to top, before sticking my tongue inside of her and letting my tongue fuck her several times. I found her clitoris and flicked it with the tip of my tongue, softly at first and then a little harder. She let out a little yelp of pleasure, so I began to lick all around her clit, flicking my tongue back and forth across the top of her hood, causing her to buck her hips up off the bed.

She screamed, "Oh God! You're going to make me cum!" I was thinking, "Yeah, that's the idea."

I could taste her sweet nectar as she came, but I wasn't finished yet. I continued to wiggle my tongue in her pussy, moving it in and out as deep as I could. She was bucking her hips, trying to fuck my tongue, while whimpering and softly moaning. When I started sucking on her clit, she had another massive orgasm. She started screaming "Oh fuck. Oh shit, FUCK! I'm Cummminngg!"

I sat up, my face coated in her juices, and said, "See. Good things come to those who wait. I don't know why you were in such a hurry, but we have all night to enjoy ourselves."

"I just assumed you were like every other man I have ever met who only cares about getting his rocks off and going to sleep. Shit, I'm still leaking, and you didn't even cum in me!" I guess she just realized what I had said because she commented, "All night! I'm not sure I can take that again at all, much less all night."

I pulled myself up between her legs and pointed my very hard cock at her dripping snatch. She reached down to guide the head of my cock into her slit. As I entered her, I could feel her muscles contracting to pull my cock deeper inside. I proceeded slowly at first with only part of my cock sliding into her. I could hear her softly sighing with satisfaction. I continued with short strokes for a minute, and then changing to hard, deep thrusts. She started to moan more loudly, and I could sense her pending orgasm.

"Oh fuck! I'm cumming!" 

Her body stiffened and she gasped. I could feel her fluids coating my cock. I started pounding her pussy hard, letting her feel my entire length. My balls were slapping against her ass. I couldn't hold on a moment longer.

"I'm gonna cum!"

She yelled, "Yes! Give it to me."

That was all it took for me to let loose an explosion of cum in her sopping wet pussy.

I rolled off of her and we lay there for a minute trying to catch our breath. I think we were both spent. I know I was.

When she caught her breath, she said, "Damn! Now that was an amazing fuck. Shit!"

"I take it you liked it?"

She laughed and then rolled over to me, throwing one leg over mine. She gave me a quick kiss, and then said, "Like it? That was the best fuck I can ever remember having!" She lay there for another minute, still breathing heavily. I was enjoying watching her massive breasts rising and falling.

"Remember when I said I was horny, and missed my husband? Well, I'm still sorta horny, but you just made me forget my husband. I'm thinking about leaving him and marrying you!" Of course, she was kidding ... or at least I hoped she was. She continued, "Do you think we can do that again?"

"I think I have another fuck in me. After all, the night is young, but I might need a little stimulation."

She reached down to grab my cock and started stroking it. As it started to respond, she leaned down, slowly engulfed the head, and started licking it with her tongue. She spent the next few minutes gently sucking and nibbling on the head of my dick, combined with bobbing up and down, happily slurping the shaft.

As great as her blowjob felt, I knew it wouldn't be long before I started spewing my semen down her throat, so I reached down to lift her head off my cock.

"I thought you wanted to fuck again. If you keep that up, I'm going to shoot my wad, and we're going to have to start all over again."

She made a cute little pouty thing with her mouth and said, "I guess you're right, although I was really enjoying sucking your cock." With that, she rolled over to lay flat on the bed. I scrambled to get between her legs again and we proceeded to fuck for another hour until we were both totally exhausted.

I took her back to post the next morning and dropped her off behind the mess hall so no one would see us. She only had one other class with me, and we never acknowledged what had happened. She graduated at the end of the week, and I never heard from her again.

* * * * * * * * *

I had a habit of stopping by the mess hall every morning to have a cup of coffee, or more precisely, several cups of coffee. It was easier than making a pot at home. Sometimes I would have breakfast, but not often.

One morning as I was having a cup of coffee, my boss came in and sat down across from me. It was the first time I had ever seen him in the mess hall. He said, "I thought I would find you here."

Being a trained investigator, I surmised that he wasn't just having a cup of coffee, for some reason he had been looking for me. I was trying to think of what I might have done. It had been over a month since I had stupidly fucked one of my students, even though it had been a very enjoyable wild night of fucking, so I didn't think that's why he was looking for me. I tried to look innocent as I asked, "What's up?"

He told me I had been selected for temporary duty with the Secret Service at the 'conventions'. I just stared at him for a second before asking, "What conventions?"

"The National Conventions, you dumb ass!"

To prove him right, about me being a dumb ass, I asked another incredibly stupid question. "What the fuck is a national convention?"

After again telling me I was a dumb ass, or he might have said dumb shit, I can't remember, he went on to explain the Republican and Democrat National Conventions were being held in Miami Beach, Florida, and the Secret Service was asking for manpower help. I was told to go to the finance office to get advance pay for temporary duty. When I arrived, they gave me money for food, travel, and hotel, plus they gave me what I considered a lot of money for civilian clothes. Since I already had an ample selection of suits, shirts, and ties, I was able to pocket that money.

The Democrat convention was held the second week of July 1972. We had to arrive two weeks prior, where we were briefed by the Secret Service on our duties. We were issued credentials and given a tour of the convention center. We were told that if anyone asked us what our job was, we could tell them anything we wanted as long as we didn't tell them we were in the Army or with the Secret Service. I was assigned to supervise a team of twelve military policemen. We decided to tell anyone who asked that we were NBC cameramen. 

I had my team working twelve-hour shifts. We would meet at the convention center each morning where the Secret Service would give us our assignments. There wasn't much to do the first two weeks. The convention hall was wide open while construction workers were busy building the stage, mounting cameras and lights, and decorating the hall per the Democrat National Committee's specifications. Two days before the convention, we finally got serious about security. My guys were given several posts where they would check credentials before allowing people access to the convention. Since I had previous protective service experience, I was assigned to supplement the protective detail for Governor George Wallace of Alabama, who was running for President. He had been shot several months before, so he was in a wheel chair. My job was basically walking ahead of his detail to open the door so they could wheel him through.

When the Democrat convention ended, we had a whole month before the Republican convention started. I couldn't believe they tore down the entire stage and then built a new one for the Republican Convention. Of course, all the decorations had to come down and be replaced with new ones. 

Since we had a one month break, I was basically on paid vacation until the next convention started. I was living in a hotel right on the beach. It had beach access as well as a swimming pool. Since I don't like getting sand in my ass, I usually laid out by the pool every day, working on my tan.

One afternoon as I was baking in the sun, I got up to get a gin and tonic from the bar. I noticed a very attractive young lady sitting on a lounge chair in the shade. She was wearing a skimpy yellow bikini which accentuated her model quality body. She was what I would describe as voluptuous. She had curves in all the right places with a pair of 38 C or D cup breasts spilling out the top, and long tanned, toned legs. She had light brown hair that she wore in a pony tail, green eyes, and a bright white smile. Did I say she was attractive? No, that doesn't do her justice; she was gorgeous! The only problem was, she was sitting next to an older gentleman. I was thinking, "Lucky son-of-a-bitch! He has himself a very young piece of ass!"

Since I had been lying in the sun for several hours, I decided to take a break and sit in the shade for a while. There was an empty chair next to her, so I asked her, while pointing to the chair, "Do you mind?"

She flashed that bright smile at me and answered, "Not at all."

I sat down and took a sip of my drink, then sat it on the small table next to my chair. I was trying to think of what I could say that would dazzle her, while not making a fool of myself, and to get a conversation started. Before I could come up with something witty, she solved the problem by saying, "That looks refreshing. What is it?"

When I realized she was asking about my drink, I told her it was a gin and tonic. I then asked, "Can I get you one?"

"That would be nice. Thank you."

I noticed that her older companion wasn't staring daggers at me, so I assumed he wasn't upset that I was talking to his girlfriend. I decided to push my luck.

"Sir, could I get you anything?"

He smiled and said, "No thank you, son. I'm fine."

When I brought the drink back to her, she thanked me, held her hand out for me to shake, and said, "I'm Jeannie and this is my dad, Roger." I told her my name.

She had to lean forward to shake my hand and when she did, I thought those luscious tits were going to fall out of her top. I could see the deep cleavage and just the tops of her brown areola. The first thing that popped into my head was, 'I would really like to suck on those things.' The second thing I thought was, 'Jesus, I hope I don't get a hard-on. I don't want to embarrass myself.' The third thing I thought was, "Dad? Did she just say that was her Dad? Does that mean he's not banging her?', and the last thing I thought was, 'I wonder if he would mind if I asked her out?'

Before I could form a cohesive sentence, her dad asked, "Son, if you don't mind my asking, are you in the military?"

I had been instructed to not admit that I was with the Army or with the Secret Service, so I answered, "What made you think I'm in the military?"

"Well, first, you always address me as sir. That's more like something a military man would do than a college student. Second, while your hair is a little longer than regulation, it's still short. And third, you just seem to have a military bearing about you."

"Can I assume you were in the military, sir?"

"Yes, you can. I'm a retired Army Colonel."

I didn't think it would hurt to break the rules, so I said, "Yes sir. I'm an Army Warrant Officer. I'm on temporary duty down here until the end of August."

We chatted for a while with his daughter sitting there with her head going back and forth between us. When I realized that I was being rude and I might be blowing a chance to get in her pants, I apologized, and said, "I'm sorry Jeannie. I didn't mean to ignore you. I know you're not interested in listening to us discussing the Army."

She just flashed me that smile again and said, "That's O.K. Believe me, I'm used to it."

I figured it was now or never, and since I didn't have anything to lose, I looked at Roger and said, "Sir, I hope I'm not being too presumptuous, but would you give me permission to ask your daughter out? I mean, if she's even interested, of course. I can assure you I will be a perfect gentleman."

He chuckled and said, "I think I can trust you with my daughter."

I looked at her, took her hands, and asked, "Jeannie, would you do me the honor of letting me take you to dinner?"

Her only response was, "When and where?"

Later that night, I picked her up at her room and took her to a great little steak house just off Collins Avenue. We had a wonderful meal accompanied by several glasses of white wine, where we had a very stimulating conversation, interspersed with a lot of laughter. I learned that she was 22, only two years younger than me, she was a couple of months away from graduating from the University of Alabama, and she would be starting law school in the fall. She looked stunning in a short, tight, black dress. Although her eyes were mesmerizing, I still had trouble keeping my eyes off of her ample breasts. It was still early, and I didn't want the night to end, so I asked her if she wanted to go dancing. She blew me away with her answer.
