 Life Back in the U.S. ©

In another six months, the 82nd was recalled to Fort Bragg, NC. I had spent the previous five months working as an apprentice criminal investigator, so when I got back to Fort Bragg, I was assigned to the Criminal Investigation Division. The first thing I did was to go to the local Ford dealer where I paid cash for a new 1970 Mustang. Since my new job required that I wear a suit and tie instead of a uniform, I went to the local Sears store and bought several suits, shirts and ties and a pair of black shoes and a pair of brown shoes.

It took me about a month to settle into the groove and understand what was expected of me. I heard on more than one occasion, some of the agents talking about "the kid." Eventually they saw that I was actually a pretty good investigator and they gave me some slack. One thing that helped was one of the CID Agents I had worked with in Vietnam got assigned to my unit. He was able to vouch for me since we had solved several major cases in Vietnam, including murders, narcotics, and fraud cases.

One day I was working on a case and I needed some information from a soldier's personnel records. I went to the personnel office and told the girl at the front desk what I needed. 

She was joking when she said, "What's in it for me?" 

Since she was cute as hell, I answered, "How about if you get me the information I need, I will take you to lunch." 

She got a big smile on her face and said, "Deal!" 

I took her to the NCO Club which served very good food. During lunch we chatted. I learned that her name was Janet, she was 27, and unmarried. Since I was still fairly naïve, I said, "I thought all the civilian employees on post were married to soldiers." 

She explained that most were, but several were not. She told me she was from the area, went to college and got a degree in business administration, and when she saw a job opening, she applied and got the job. After lunch I drove her back to her office, and as she was getting out of the car, she told me she got off at five. 

I asked, "Is that a hint?" 

She answered, "I'm just saying I enjoyed having lunch with you and wouldn't mind seeing you again." I got her phone number and address and told her I would call her.

Two days later I decided I needed some female companionship, so I called Janet at work and asked if she was busy that night. She said she had no plans, so I invited her to dinner. I told her I would meet her outside her office at five.

When I arrived, she was standing outside by the door. I was driving my new Mustang, so I jumped out, went around to the passenger side and opened the door for her. As she sat down, I got a good look at a creamy smooth, athletic thigh. I'm sure she knew her dress was exposing her thigh, but she didn't try to pull her dress back down. I asked, "Is the NCO Club O.K., or would you like to go somewhere else?" She said the club would be fine.

After dinner I asked, "Can I drive you home?" She said her car was still at her office, so I told her we could leave it there and I would bring her to work in the morning. Of course, that would imply I was planning on spending the night. She only hesitated for a few seconds before giving me a big smile and saying, "Okay." 

When we got to her house, she unlocked the door and walked inside holding my hand. She asked, "Would you like something to drink?" 

When I told her I was fine, she led me to the sofa and sat down beside me. She took my hand and said, "Thank you for dinner." She then leaned over and gave me a wet, open mouth kiss. 

I kissed her back, letting my tongue explore hers. After what seemed like at least a minute, I broke the kiss and said, "Dinner was nice, but I'm looking forward to dessert."

She leaned forward and rested her head on my shoulder. 

"John, I don't want you to think I do this sort of thing all the time. In fact, I haven't even been on a date in months. You are the first man I have brought to my house in over a year. Will you be gentle with me?"

"Janet, I will always be gentle with you and treat you with the respect you deserve. I want to make love to you, but if you are ever uncomfortable, just tell me to stop."

After a deep sigh, she kissed me again and stood up, pulling me up with her. She took me to her bedroom, leaned in to give me another soft kiss, and then whispered in my ear, "Undress me." 

Her breath was hot on my ear and I could feel myself getting rock hard. Her dress had three buttons at the top and elastic at the waist, so I easily pulled it up and over her head. She had lifted her arms up, so when the dress came over her head, she grabbed it and threw in on a chair in the corner. I then reached around behind her and unsnapped her bra, releasing her firm, gorgeous 38D breasts. She now stood before me, breathing heavily, while only in her white lace panties.

I quickly got undressed and let my clothes fall to the floor. I took the two small steps to her again and gently pushed her back on the bed. The bed was still made, but we didn't take the time to take the covers off. As soon as her back hit the bed, I moved between her legs, put my thumbs inside the elastic waistband of her panties, and pulled them down and off. I put my head between her legs and licked the moist slit of her hairy mound. 

Her plump ass pushed up, and a low groan escaped her lips as I drove my tongue in her pussy. When I fucked her with my tongue, she quickly started to climax. I opened her pink lips with my thumbs to expose her clit. As I started licking it, she let out a loud moan and started to buck her hips up and down. She loudly moaned, "God, yesss! That feels so good! Keep doing that! Please, yes!"

I licked her through another orgasm before moving up until my head was next to hers. I whispered in her ear, "Did you like it when I licked your pussy?"

She moaned back, "Yes. God yes. That felt so good. I can't remember the last time I had an orgasm."

I reached out and cupped one of her breasts, rubbing her hard nipple with my thumb. I could feel her body shiver as I asked, "Are you ready for me to fuck you, Janet?"

She practically screamed when she answered, "Oh Fuck Yesss! Fuck me!"

I pushed my cock against her wet opening and rubbed the head up and down a few times before plunging in about half way and then pulling back. I looked down at her beautiful face. She was biting her lip, her eyes shut, tossing her head from side to side. I could feel her pussy walls clenching my throbbing cock as if she were trying to pull it in farther. 

Her ass was lifting up and back, and a low groan escaped her lips each time I pushed back. I was pushing in and out, giving her the full length of my shaft. 

"Uh! Uhhhhh! Yesss!" she screamed. "Faster! Harder! Fuck my pussy, harder!" Her eyes opened wide as she started to climax again.

I stopped for a minute, not moving, just holding my cock in her sopping wet pussy. When I felt her pussy relax and release the tight grip she had on my cock, I started to move in and out with slow and steady strokes. 

I leaned over and took a nipple in my mouth, sucking it deep while running my tongue around it. I smiled, feeling her body shiver from head to toe as I fucked her. And I could tell from her little moans she was thoroughly enjoying what I was doing. I kissed her and she responded by hungrily sucking on my lips. I whispered in her ear, "Do you like the feel of my cock filling your pussy?"

She said, "Oh, yes. I can't remember when I felt anything like this. Oh, John, please fuck me more."

I fucked her for another few minutes before I started pushing in harder, faster, all the way in to the hilt. I felt that old familiar tingle in my balls, so I said, "I'm close. I'm gonna cum!" She wrapped her legs around me, and crossed her feet, pulling me into her as deep as I could go. 

"Cum, John. Cum in my pussy."

It was only a few more thrusts until I groaned loudly and emptied my load in her. I felt her tense up and I could feel her juices mixing with mine, so I assumed she had another orgasm.

When I looked at her, she had her eyes closed and a contented smile on her face. When she opened her eyes, I said, "God, Janet. That was so good. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did." 

"I enjoyed it very much. I have never in my life cum that many times. You really know how to show a girl a good time!"

We laughed and then shortly fell asleep in each other's arms.

I awoke the next morning to a very pleasant feeling. When I looked down, Janet had my cock in her mouth. She ran her tongue up and down my hard shaft for a few seconds. 

"That feels good," I moaned while the tip of her tongue licked the tip of my cock.

She started sucking on the head of my cock. Her mouth felt so fucking good and she was really talented at sucking dick. After a few minutes of her sucking on the head of my cock, she took my entire length in her mouth. She bobbed her head up and down for a few minutes, pausing occasionally to swirl her tongue around the head. I can usually last quite a while before cumming, but I felt my balls tighten and knew I couldn't last another minute.

"Janet, I'm gonna cum!"

"Yeah, baby. Let me have it. Cum in my mouth."

I shot my load down her throat, and she did her best to swallow all of it, but some dripped out the edge of her mouth. She quickly licked it back in her mouth, and then she licked my dick until all traces of cum were gone.

I said, "Shit! What a way to wake a guy up!"

She giggled and said, "Just wanted to pay you back for last night. I haven't felt so good in years. Thank you."

She then moved up and gave me a deep kiss. I looked at my watch and said, "We both have to get to work."

We took a quick shower together and got dressed. I dropped her off at her office and then stopped by my apartment to shave and change clothes before going to the office.

I was the junior man in the CID office and I only had a High School education. They were pushing for everyone to become a Warrant Officer, and that required a two-year college degree. My boss suggested I go to the Education Center and ask about taking some college classes. 

I walked in the front door of the Education Center and you could have knocked me down with a feather. Standing there behind the desk was Gina, the nympho from Germany I had fucked together with my sergeant. Remember the one wearing the University of Tennessee shirt? 

Anyway, she recognized me right away and said, "John! What the hell are you doing here?" I told her I needed a two-year degree in the shortest amount of time possible. 

Gina explained that the Army worked with the University of New York to provide Associate Degrees and they were very liberal about awarding credits. She arranged for me to take several tests and told me if I passed the tests, I would get the credits without having to take the course. Since I was an MP, she suggested I take several tests involving Criminal Justice. I took them, passed, and before I knew it, I had the equivalent of one year of college. I was required to have credits in Math, Science and English, so I took another series of tests and passed them all. They also gave me credits for some of the military courses I had completed. In less than four months I had an Associate Degree in Liberal Arts. 

But I'm getting ahead of myself. After some small talk with Gina, catching up, she took me back to her office and got me a cup of coffee. She asked if I was going to be at Fort Bragg for a while, and I told her I had just arrived a short time ago. 

She got a big smile on her face and a twinkle in her eye when she asked, "Do you think we can get together sometime?" 

She explained that she only worked Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Nothing had changed with her husband. He still worked long hours and was frequently gone on Field Training Exercises for three to five days at a time. She said nothing had changed with her either. She was still a horny officer's wife. 

She said, "You know, I really enjoyed that time I spent with you, and I was really disappointed that we didn't get together again after that. I hope we can make up for that soon." 

I gave her one of my business cards and she gave me her address and phone number. 

Being a CID Agent had its advantages. I was always working on open cases and there were always witnesses to interview and leads to follow up on. I could come in to work, check out an unmarked car, and head out. As long as I was producing paperwork, no one asked any questions. 

The following Tuesday I called Gina in the morning and asked if she had some time during the day. She told me to come over, so I drove to her house. As soon as I was in the door, she had her arms around my neck and was giving me a very hot, deep, cock arousing kiss. She forced her tongue into my mouth as I pushed back deeply into hers. 

"Wow! I'm glad to see you, too!"

She laughed and said, "I hope you're horny, because I know I am."

She led me back to her bedroom where she quickly lifted her T-Shirt over her head to reveal her beautiful tits, unencumbered by a bra. She then dropped her shorts so I could see she wasn't wearing panties either.

I was wearing a suit, so she said, "You're a little overdressed, aren't you?" 

"Give me ten seconds." I then broke the world record for getting out of a suit, tie, and shoes.

Gina fell back on the bed with her arms and legs spread wide open. I dropped to my knees between her legs and started sucking on her big, firm tits. Her nipples were erect, and they tasted better than candy. She loudly moaned and said she loved having her nipples sucked. After a few minutes of me suckling like a baby, she pushed my head away from her tits and said, "Eat my pussy!"

As much as I love eating pussy, she didn't have to tell me again. I scooted down the bed and put my mouth over her hairy mound. I ran my tongue all around her lips which caused her to moan loudly. I quickly found her erect clit and started sucking and pulling on it. "That's it," she moaned louder, "Right there."

I sucked on her clit for a few seconds and she couldn't hold back any longer. She cried out, "I'M CUMMMINNG!" She grabbed my head and pushed my mouth harder into her pussy. I could feel her body shake when she had an orgasm. I continued to suck on her clit, feeling her juices coat my tongue.

I looked up and asked, "Did you like that?"

"Oh, god, yes," she said with a moan, "I can't believe how fucking good you eat pussy."

Her body relaxed a little after her orgasm subsided. I ran my tongue all around her pussy. She moaned. I stuck my tongue into her pussy opening. She moaned even more.

After a few more minutes of me sucking on her clit and tongue fucking her, resulting in two more orgasms, I was ready for something else. I got up on my knees and told her to turn around. When she turned around, I put my arm around her waist and pulled her up on her knees. She knew what I wanted, so she bent over allowing me access to her wet pussy from the rear. I placed my cock against her dripping wet slit and teased her for a few minutes before shoving deep into her sweet cunt. She was so wet, I sank to the hilt, in one thrust!

I started stroking my cock in and out at a slow steady rhythm. "Fuck, you feel so damn good," I murmured, as I reached up and grabbed her luscious tits. Cupping their fullness in my hands I tugged at her swollen nipples as I plowed into her deeper and harder with every flex of my hips. Sinking my cock just as deep as it could possibly go, we fucked like that for about ten minutes before I felt her start to climax. She moaned loudly, as we both reached one of the most intense orgasms, that I believe, either of us had probably ever had. She fell face down and I moved up next to her with my arm around her. We laid there for several minutes while trying to catch our breath.

She said, "Wow! I missed that. Do you think we could do that on a regular basis?"

I told her I would love to. Since I was still on duty, I got dressed and left.

I went to talk to a guy who had reported his car stolen. I got some paperwork from him and even managed to get a photo of him standing next to the car, so I knew exactly what the car looked like. I then drove back to the office so the boss would not think I had been out 'fucking off', so to speak. I looked over the case file, sent copies of the photo to all of the local law enforcement agencies, and then called the county dispatch to make sure a BOLO (Be on the Look Out) had been issued. 

A week later, the car was found abandoned near the county landfill. I went out and processed it for evidence, including prints, and got lucky. We found a good fingerprint of one of our known drug dealers. I arrested him and he was convicted. Since I had recovered the stolen car and arrested the person responsible, my bosses started looking at me as a capable criminal investigator instead of "the new kid."

After I had been at Fort Bragg for about 6 months, I was sent to Fort Gordon, GA, to attend the eight- week Criminal Investigation Course. Two months after I got back, I was promoted to Warrant Officer.

I was sitting at my desk one day when my boss walked in and dropped a report on my desk. He said, "This lady has a complaint about some lewd phone calls. She needs to be interviewed, but she doesn't get home until 6:00. You didn't have any plans for tonight, did you?"

I told him I didn't have any plans, so I drove to her house and arrived a little after 6:00. I knocked on the door and when she answered I said, "Charlotte Miller?"

She affirmed that was her name, so I showed her my credentials and said, "I'm special agent Law with Army CID. I understand you have a problem with crank callers?" 

She invited me in, asked if I wanted something to drink, and when I told her no, she invited to sit on the sofa. She sat across from me on an over-stuffed chair. She looked to be in her mid-twenties, about 5'6", and maybe 125 pounds. She was very pretty and was wearing a yellow print dress that ended just above the knees. She was barefoot, so I assumed she had kicked her shoes off as soon as she got home.

I had a copy of the report she had made and my notebook in my hand. I asked, "Mrs. Miller, When did you receive this call?"

She answered, "Please call me Charlie. Everyone does." She continued, "The first call was a little over a week ago."

"The first call? How many have you had?"

She said she had received three more calls since the first one. I asked, "Mrs. ...uh, Charlie, can you tell me exactly what he said to you?"

She looked down and her cheeks got a little red as she answered, "He said he knew my husband was in Vietnam and that I was home alone. Then he said...Do I have to say exactly what he said?"

I told her it was important that I knew exactly what he said, so in a very low whisper she continued, "He said he thought I was sexy and he...he said he wanted to fuck me."

I noticed that while she was telling me that, she was opening and closing her knees. I couldn't help but think, "Damn! This woman is getting turned on by telling me what he said!"

I was going to ask another question, but before I could, she continued, "I told him I wasn't interested and I was going to hang up, but before I could, he told me he had a big dick and he knew I would like it."

I asked several more questions about what he sounded like, and if she recognized the voice, but she didn't really have any more useful information. Before I even realized it was out of my mouth, I remarked, "Well, I really can't blame the guy. I agree, you are a very sexy woman."

When I realized I had actually said something that stupid, I looked at her with every intention of apologizing and begging her not to get me fired, but instead of looking at an angry face, she was actually smiling. I said, "I'm sorry. I really shouldn't have said that."
