 John the Single Retired Cop ©

A year after Melody and Jenna came to live with me, Jenna asked me if I thought she would make a good Cop. I told her I thought she could do anything she wanted to do. She said she was thinking about getting an Associate Degree in Criminal Justice from the local community college. Part of the program included the 400-hour police academy which would provide her with a Texas Peace Officer Commission. She said she would find a job to pay for the tuition, but I wouldn't have it. I took her to the community college where I got her enrolled and I paid for her tuition. I also bought her a good used pickup truck. She paid me back in spades even though I told her she didn't owe me anything.

Over the past year, Melody had talked about getting a job to help with groceries and utilities, but I told her I didn't want her working in town where her ex-husband or one of his friends might see her. I told her I made enough money to pay for the household expenses and she was paying her share by cleaning the house and cooking. Both Melody and Jenna were paying me plenty with all the sex I could ever want.

One day Jenna asked if it would be O.K. for a friend to come over on a Saturday for dinner and to help her study. I told her it would be O.K. as long as it wasn't a BOY Friend! Jenna laughed and said, "No, I can assure you she is 100% Grade A woman."

On Saturday she introduced me to her friend Lenora, who preferred to be called Lynn. She was a couple of inches taller than Jenna, maybe 5'7" and about 125 pounds. She had a very nice body and her breasts were a little bit larger than Jenna's.

That afternoon, I saw them in the front yard. They were practicing some simple unarmed defense moves designed to take control of a subject and place him under arrest. They were terrible. Too slow and too tentative. I showed them how to place the hold quickly and with no hesitation. In less than an hour they could confidently place the hold on me and make me comply so they could place me in handcuffs. 

We took a break to eat and drink a beer. They asked me some questions about being a cop and I told them some war stories. In a while, Jenna asked to talk to me alone. She told me she needed my help with a delicate matter. It seems Lynn was very inexperienced with sex and had only been with one boy, but she was anxious to learn. Jenna said, "John, I don't know anyone who likes sex as much as you, and I don't know anyone who is better at teaching a woman about the pleasures of sex. Will you teach her?" How could I say no? I told Jenna to take Lynn to her room and I would join them in a minute.

When I got to Jenna's room, they were sitting on the bed. Both were wearing shorts and T-shirts. I walked over and sat on the edge of the bed and asked Lynn, "Are you sure you want me to help you learn about sex?"

She started to say something, but instead she just nodded her head. I then asked Jenna, "Have you and Lynn played around with each other?"

Jenna smiled and replied, "You know me, John. I like pussy almost as much as I like a hard dick. When she told me she had tried sex and didn't like it, I showed her how we could please each other. I know she likes having her pussy licked, but she said she would eventually like to find a boyfriend and wants to know what she is supposed to do."

I told her I understood and then said, "Lynn, why don't you get undressed. Jenna, you should get undressed, too, just so we are all comfortable with each other."

I asked Lynn if she was using birth control and she said she was. After we were all undressed, I told Lynn, "Although we are starting out nude, I want to act like we are on a date making out. If we both feel comfortable with that and want to go further, then obviously we would start removing our clothes. We're just going to skip that step. If you feel uncomfortable with anything we are doing, just let me know and I'll stop. I will never force you to do anything, O.K.?"

She nodded her head again so I moved up next to her and put my arm around her and pulled her in close so I could kiss her. After just a slight hesitation, she started kissing me back. After a minute of kissing, I slowly brought one hand up to cup her breast and gave it a squeeze. When I flicked my thumb over her nipple, it got rock-hard and she gasped. After playing with her breast for a couple of minutes, I lowered my head and started licking her nipples, first one and then the other. She was moaning and running her fingers through my hair while pulling my head closer. She obviously enjoyed having her tits sucked.

"Lynn, I would normally lay you back and lick your pussy, but if you want me to skip that step, just let me know."

"Oh, please lick my pussy. Jenna said you were very good at that and I want to know how it feels. Jenna makes me feel really good with her mouth and fingers, but I want to know what it's like to have a man do it."

I pushed her back on the bed and kneeled between her legs. I kissed my way up the inside of her thighs, going slowly, and then, after parting her outer lips, I licked up and down her pussy. She started moaning and breathing heavier as I continued licking her pussy and fucking her with my tongue. When my tongue pressed against her clit, I felt her fluids coat my tongue and flow out onto my chin as she had an orgasm.

"Oh fuck, yes," she screamed as her ass bucked up to push her pussy against my face. "Oh fuck. That was amazing," she said as her body gently shook.

I guess she thought I was finished, but I was far from it. I continued licking her sweet pussy and sucking on her clit until she had two more orgasms. When she collapsed on the bed, breathing heavily, I looked up at her and asked, "Would you like me to fuck you now?"

It took her a minute to catch her breath before she could answer. "Yes, please fuck me. But please take it easy. I've only done this once before and it hurt."

"Don't worry, Lynn. I won't hurt you. I promise."

I penetrated her very slowly. Lynn was tighter than Jenna and I was very careful to be sure it wouldn't be painful for her. It helped that she was very wet from the orgasms she had just had. I eased in and paused so she could get used to feeling my dick in her. Lynn helped me ease in by lifting with her butt, pushing a little, letting me know it was alright. I made my way all the way in her and paused again.

"Oh fuck! That feels so good," she moaned. I slowly pulled back leaving only the head of my cock in her before I pushed back in. Slowly I increased the pace as Lynn continued moaning and her breathing started becoming more rapid. It didn't take much effort to start sliding my dick in and out of her, slowly at first, and then a little faster and deeper. She began to respond to my movements and was soon moaning softly, "Yes, yes, yes. Fuck me. Please fuck me."

Her pussy felt so good and she was so tight, but thankfully, well lubricated. I was doing my best to make sure she was enjoying the ride, and was concentrating on bringing her to an orgasm, but I knew I wasn't going to last much longer. Thankfully, after a few deep strokes, she had an earth-shattering orgasm.

As she reached her climax, I gave her a few more deep strokes and sprayed the inside of her cunt with my hot creamy cum. We embraced and kissed passionately, holding each other tight until we both collapsed on the bed.

"Fuck! That was hot!"

I looked down at the end of the bed where Jenna was sitting with her eyes wide and her fingers buried deep in her cunt. When she saw me looking at her, we both started laughing.

"Glad you enjoyed the show." I then asked Lynn, "Did you enjoy that? Are you O.K.?"

"Fuck, yes! I never knew sex could feel so good. I was beginning to think I was a lesbian, but now I know I love to feel a hard cock in me, too. Do you think we could do that again?"

"I would love to fuck you again, but you're gonna have to give me a few minutes. I'm not as young as I used to be, so it will take a while to get ready again."

Jenna said, "Here, let me help." She grabbed my cock with both hands and began licking around the head before slowly sliding her lips over it and then started bobbing her head up and down. I moaned "Oh, fuck, yeah," as she expertly sucked my cock. I was now fully erect. Jenna pulled her mouth away as she seemed to have a realization. 

"Lynn, have you ever given a blowjob?"

When she said she hadn't, Jenna directed her to take my cock in her hand and pull it toward her mouth. "It's so hard!" she said as she put my cock in her mouth. She started swirling her tongue around the head, treating my dick like an ice cream cone, before she started slurping and then sucking, taking me deeper in her mouth. It was hard to believe she had never sucked a dick before. She was definitely a fast learner.

"O.K., that's enough. As much as I am enjoying that, if you keep it up, I'm gonna cum. You did say you wanted me to fuck you again, didn't you?"

She reluctantly took my dick out of her mouth and moved back up on the bed where she spread her legs, eager to get fucked again. I fucked her slowly, trying to give her as much pleasure as possible, before she started screaming for me to fuck her faster and harder. After she had several orgasms and I blew my load in her, I fell back on the bed. In a few minutes, I felt a hand stroking my dick, and when I looked down, Jenna had a big smile on her face as she said, "My turn!"

It took several minutes and a very skillful blowjob for Jenna to get me up again, but I eventually managed to fuck her to an orgasm.

I was fucking Jenna and her mother at least twice a week, and fucking Cindi at least once a month. Now Jenna had brought another very sexy cock hungry woman into the fold. These girls were going to be the death of me! 

* * * * *

My old partner Cindi had married a local lawyer. For some reason she never got pregnant and never had a baby. She said the guy was nice enough, treated her well, and made enough money to provide for them, but he couldn't satisfy her in bed. She would find a way to come see me about once a month and we would fuck like rabbits.

Cindi and I had worked for a local police department. When we both retired, we didn't have any unsolved homicides. Cindi stopped by my house one day and told me the county sheriff's department was forming a cold case squad and she asked me if I was interested in helping out. Besides the sheriff's department, there were ten smaller city police departments who would participate. I didn't have anything better to do, so Cindi and I offered our services.

As I was going through the case files, I found a nine-year-old murder from one of the smaller departments. A woman had been found raped and murdered in her home. The local cops had looked at the husband, but he had an alibi. Apparently, he had been working at the time of the murder. I went over the entire case file and found it lacking in its thoroughness and professionalism. I went to the factory where the husband had worked and spoke to the guy who said he had seen him at work that night. After talking to him for about five minutes, he admitted he wasn't sure he had seen him, he just assumed that he had. I went to the manager and asked if there was any chance they still had the time cards from back then. She told me they were probably in storage. She took me to a storage room and we found the time cards. I looked at the ones from the date of the murder, and found the husband had not clocked in that night. I put the time card in an evidence bag and gave the manager a receipt. I had introduced myself to her as Detective Law when I had first met her. She now asked me, "You're John Law, aren't you?"

"Yes. Didn't I say that?"

"No, you said you were Detective Law, so I just assumed you were John Law. I've heard of you."

As she said that, she was smiling, and her knees were nervously opening and closing. She was in her late 30's, very attractive, and from what I could tell, she had a pretty good body. 

"How have you heard of me?"

"Oh, just from some friends of mine. You have quite the reputation."

Since she seemed receptive, I asked her if she would like to go to dinner. She asked me what kind of food I liked, and when I told her, she suggested she would make dinner and I should come to her house. We made arrangements, she turned out to be an excellent cook, and after having a glass of wine while sitting together on her sofa, I put my arm around her, pulled her to me, and we started making out like teenagers. Eventually, I unbuttoned her blouse and started playing with her ample breasts. She started breathing hard and she said, "Not here. Let's go to the bedroom."

We both quickly undressed and sat on the bed. She had a smoking hot body. I pushed her back and licked her to several orgasms before she said, "No more! I can't take any more! Come up here and fuck me. I want to feel that beautiful cock inside me."

She seemed to like it hard and fast, so I fucked her for about forty minutes, first on her back and then doggie style. When we were both spent, she said, "Fuck! That was great! My friends were right about you. You really know how to fuck. Any time you want to fuck me again, just call me."

When I got back to the office, I placed the time card in the evidence box. I found a rape kit in the evidence, and the husband's DNA swab, but I noticed it had never been tested. I contacted the original case detective and asked him why he had not submitted the rape kit and DNA for testing and he said it was a waste of time. Since the husband was married to the victim, the fact that she had his semen in her wouldn't prove anything. No wonder this case had never been solved. The detective was an idiot.

To make a long story short, I had the DNA compared and it was a match. Since it had been nine years and no one had been arrested, I felt the suspect was pretty confident he had gotten away with the murder. I requested a search warrant and I found the murder weapon in the husband's bedroom. I arrested him, charged him with murder, and he was convicted.

The small-town detective was pissed because I made him look like an idiot. Too bad. Over the next couple of years, Cindi and I had solved about half of the cold cases.

* * * * *

I rode my horse every day. Jenna was a big help with giving him food and water and grooming him. I went to the barn one day and I could tell he wasn't feeling too good, and I could hear him wheeze when he breathed. I had been using Doc Gillette for my Vet for years, so I called and told him what was going on. He told me he was sending his new Vet who was a horse specialist. About an hour later a young lady wearing jeans and cowboy boots showed up. She introduced herself as Doctor Elliott. I told her, "Doc, I know you are a Doctor of Veterinary Medicine. I know you worked hard for that title and I'm impressed. But we tend to be sorta informal out here in the country, so if you don't mind, my name's John. What's yours?"

She told me her name was Daisy. She took a look at my horse and listened to his chest with a stethoscope and told me he had fluid in his lungs. She explained that she needed to drain the fluid and put him on some antibiotics. While she worked, we talked. I asked her what her story was, and she said she was born and raised in the area, had gone to Texas A&M for a degree in Animal Science and then had obtained a Doctor of Veterinary Medicine. She had worked in Houston for four years where she specialized in Equine Medicine and had been certified as an Equine Surgeon. She had wanted to move back to the area and Doc Gillette had recently hired her.

She used a very large needle to drain the fluids, then she gave him a massive dose of antibiotics and gave him an I.V. She explained that she would have to change the I.V. when the first bag was empty. Daisy said, "It looks like it going to be a long night. I better call the office and let them know I will be staying here all night."

"Daisy, why don't you go up to the house and get something to eat. Melody usually makes a really good meal, but if you don't see anything you want, feel free to look around the kitchen and make anything you want. You can sleep in my bed tonight and use my bathroom to take a shower if you want to. I'm staying with my horse tonight, so there's no sense in both of us staying up all night."

When I bought my property, one of the first things I did was to add a bathroom in the barn. That way I didn't have to go to the house to piss, and if I was dirty, I could take a shower out there instead of dragging my dirty ass in the house.

My horse, Ranger, was lying down in his stall, so I threw a horse blanket down and laid down next to him. The I.V. still had a lot of fluid in it so it wouldn't have to be changed for over an hour. As I laid there, I saw Daisy walk in carrying two mugs of hot coffee. I thanked her and patted the horse blanket and asked her to sit next to me. She sat down, and as we made small talk, we drank our coffee. 

"Daisy, you look tired. Come a little closer and I will give you a massage."

She looked at me like I had told her I wanted to fuck her. I did, but that's not what I was suggesting. I just wanted her to relax and relieve some tension. Since she didn't move, I moved up behind her. She said, "Look John, you seem like a nice guy, but I just met you a couple of hours ago. There's no way I'm going to let you ... JEEZ LOUISE THAT FEELS GOOD!"

While she was protesting, I had moved up close enough to reach her shoulders and was now giving her a shoulder and neck massage. I could feel the tension leaving her as I gave her a deep tissue massage. According to her reaction, she was enjoying it. Her shoulders were sagging and her head was down with her chin resting on her chest.

"Where did you learn to do that? My god, that feels so good."

I continued to massage her shoulders and neck while moving down to her upper back and shoulder blades. I could feel her melting right in front of me. I could also feel her bra straps. I said, "Daisy, I don't want you to take this the wrong way, but I would like for you to go to the bathroom and take your bra off. You can hang it on the shower door. Put your shirt back on and come back here. I promise, no hanky-panky, I just want you to feel comfortable while I continue with the massage."

"John, I was talking to your wife earlier and she couldn't stop talking about what a nice guy you are, and I'm sure she's right, but there's no way I'm taking my bra off in front of you."

I was laughing and she was looking confused when she asked, "What's so funny?"

"You said you were talking to my wife. Melody is not my wife. I'm not married. She's sorta like a live-in housekeeper and cook. But to get back to your bra. I'm not gonna see anything and I'm not gonna feel anything. I just think it will allow you to relax while I continue the massage. While I've never worn one myself, I understand those things can be uncomfortable."

She thought about it for a few minutes before making a decision. She stood up, went to the bathroom, and when she came back in a few minutes, I could tell she wasn't wearing her bra. I continued to massage her back and then moved down her upper arms and biceps. I would have liked to have her lie face down so I could straddle her back, but I knew that would freak her out.

"Listen, as much as I am enjoying this, I think I'm gonna have to put a stop to it. I've never had a client like you before. I mean, I've had to stay all night a few times and I have had to sleep in a barn to keep an eye on my patient, but I've never had a client tell me I could sleep in his bed, use his shower, rummage around in his kitchen to find something to eat, and I've certainly never had anyone suggest I take off my bra to get more comfortable."

As I lifted my hands from her shoulders I said, "O.K., I don't want to make you feel uncomfortable. I didn't mean to upset you." 
