 John Goes to Europe ©

All good things must come to an end. For the past several years, there was never a time that I thought, "Man I'm horny. I sure wish I had some pussy." I pretty much had my choice of sex partners anytime I wanted them. But, alas, in 1987, as the terrorist threat was increasing all over the world, I was selected to head up an eight-man protective service detail for a NATO four-star General. Military Intelligence had determined he was under threat from at least three terrorist organizations, and his predecessor, General Haig, had been the target of an assassination attempt just a couple of years earlier. So, after four weeks of intensive training, I found myself in Mons, Belgium with a new team of seven enlisted men and one female. All were E-6 or E-7. I was the only Warrant Officer. They had learned during our training that I was one of the people who had developed the original Army protective service course, so I had gained instant respect. They didn't view their new team leader as a neophyte. 

The General we were assigned to protect was a nice guy. He travelled a lot, but he had his own plane assigned to him, so we didn't have to worry about going through airport security or baggage claim, he was often greeted with a red carpet, he stayed in five-star hotels, and when we drove from place to place, we rode in a fully armored Mercedes 600 sedan. 

We traveled to every NATO country at least once during the next three years. The events I describe here are not in chronological order, just fond memories that I recall.

We would attend a monthly commanders meeting at a different place each month. Sometimes we would hold the meeting in Belgium, but there was a four-star in Heidelberg, Germany and Stuttgart, Germany, and an Air Force General in Ramstein, Germany, as well as a Navy four-star in Naples, Italy, and they rotated as hosts for the monthly meetings.

The General liked visiting the Admiral because he had a yacht. We would fly down and go out on his yacht to visit all sorts of places, from Naples Bay, up the Amalfi Coast, and several beautiful sites in the Mediterranean. I liked going out on the yacht because a member of the crew was a cute little Italian girl. The crew wore short white shorts, white pull-over shirts, white socks and white sneakers. Every time the female crew member would bend over, those tight white shorts would ride up and mold to her round ass, and I would get a hard-on. I was constantly trying to get in her pants, but she would always shoot me down. At least she was nice about it. She would never get mad and would laugh and smile while telling me no. I think she actually liked the attention.

One weekend, we took the yacht up the Amalfi coast where the General and Admiral attended a wedding in a beautiful villa. While they spent the night in the villa, the yacht crew slept on the yacht, and I stayed in a hotel. I asked the Italian girl to have dinner with me that night, and much to my surprise, she accepted. We had a nice dinner, drank some wine, and I invited her back to my room. This time, I wasn't just surprised, I was floored that she actually agreed.

When we got to my room, I took her shoulders and pulled her to me to give her a kiss. When my lips met hers, she immediately responded by opening her mouth and pushing her tongue in my mouth. We kissed for several minutes before I pulled my head back to look at her. I asked, "Why now?"

"What do you mean?", she responded.

"I have been trying to take you out for months, and you always tell me no. So why now?"

"Oh, I can't go out with you when we are at home. I don't want the guys to think I'm easy. We are out of town now, so I can do what I want. I just told the guys I was going out to dinner with a friend."

That made sense, so I gave her another deep kiss before leading her to the bed. We got undressed and as she sat on the edge of the bed, I did what had become my normal practice. I pushed her back, kneeled between her legs, and put my face in her hairy snatch. I parted her lips and pushed my tongue between them, probing her sweet pussy. Obviously she enjoyed having her pussy licked because she was moaning and wiggling her little ass back and forth on the bed. As I started tongue fucking her, I could feel her pulling me closer with her feet and I could feel her getting very wet. When I licked her clit, her body stiffened, and she let out a very loud moan as she had an orgasm. 

"Wow! You are very good at eating my pussy. Maybe I should have gone out with you sooner. Now, come fuck me. I want to feel your hard cock in me."

I moved up between her legs and rubbed my dick over her very wet pussy lips before easing the head in. When I began a slow rhythmic back and forth stroking, she drew in a sharp breath and said, "Yes! Just like that. God, that feels so good."

Her pussy felt so good, and I had been anticipating this for so long that I was afraid I was going to cum before I could make her climax. I was happy to hear she liked a slow fucking. But after just a couple of minutes, she was begging, "Please, fuck me harder! Fuck me faster."

I started pounding her hard, fast and deep, causing her to scream out through two massive orgasms. I tried to hold on longer and make her cum at least one more time, but I couldn't do it. I finally couldn't hold back any longer and I filled her pussy up with my hot cum.

She didn't seem to be disappointed as she said, "That was amazing. I love the way you fucked me. I could fuck you all night long."

"Well, I would be perfectly happy fucking you all night long, but I need a short break to get my strength back."

"Unfortunately, I need to get back to the boat, so I can't stay all night, but I would like to have one more round of great fucking if you wouldn't mind."

She didn't wait for an answer, but instead she took my cock in her mouth and gave me a very nice blowjob. Once she had me hard again, we fucked for at least forty-five minutes. She had been a fantasy of mine for a long time, and she proved to be the great fuck I had imagined she would be.

* * * * *

A senator came to visit one time and every night I would take him to his hotel and make sure he was safe in his room before leaving. I was standing in the lobby of the hotel with an earpiece in my ear, waiting on the senator to come downstairs, when a young lady walked over to me and asked me if I was familiar with the area. I told her I was and asked what she was looking for. She asked if I could recommend a good restaurant. I gave her directions to a couple near the hotel and she thanked me. She told me she was a flight attendant and would be there for three more days. She looked at my earpiece and said, "I guess it's obvious what you do for a living." I told her I was waiting on my boss and would have to leave soon, but I would be back later. I told her I might see her in the bar later that night. She smiled really big, and about that time, the senator appeared, and we walked out the door.

Later that night, after we had secured the senator in his room for the night, I walked into the hotel bar and saw the flight attendant sitting at a table drinking a glass of wine. I walked over and she gave me a big smile when she saw me. She said, "I thought you just blew me off this morning. I wasn't sure you would actually show up. I'm glad I waited a while."

She introduced herself and asked if I would like to go to her room. When we got there she said, "I don't want to be too forward, and I hope I don't scare you off, but when I am away from home, especially on these overseas trips, I get horny as hell. As soon as I saw you this morning, I was attracted to you. Would you like to fuck me?"

"I didn't come up her to play a quick game of monopoly, so why else would I be here?"

She grinned and pulled my tie, tugging me to her. She gave me a tender kiss, and then with no other discussion, she started getting undressed. I did the same. I'm not sure why, maybe it was because I didn't know anything about her, but I decided not to eat her. Instead, we got on the bed, I moved between her legs, and started rubbing my cock up and down her pussy lips. When I felt she was sufficiently lubed, I pushed about halfway in. She let out a gasp and said, "Oh fuck, you feel good."

I started thrusting in and out at a moderate pace, not too slow and not too fast. When she started moaning and gripping my shoulders, I thrust in as far as I could, and she had a shuddering orgasm. I eased back and continued fucking her at the moderate pace until she started panting and shouted, "Harder! Fuck me harder!"

I started fucking her harder and faster and she soon had another orgasm. "Shit! I knew you would be good."

When she didn't tell me not to, I filled her cunt up with my hot sperm and collapsed next to her. She was a good fuck. After a while and without any warning or any discussion, she turned around and put my cock in her mouth and gave me a nice blowjob. After I filled her mouth up with cum, I told her I had to go as I had to be up early the next morning. I told her I wouldn't mind spending the night and fucking a few more times, but I couldn't show up for work wearing the same clothes. She said she understood, and I left. The next morning, I took the senator to the airport and I was off for the rest of the day, but I decided to go back to the office to review our upcoming travel schedule and catch up on some paperwork. I never saw the flight attendant again.

* * * * *

We went to Ramstein, Germany for the monthly commander's meeting. As the boss, I had my choice of assignments. I normally acted as the team leader and would be the person closest to the boss, but if I wanted to, I could drive the armored car or the chase car, or I could conduct the advance. When I was with the boss, we would fly in, get off the plane, get directly into the car, and then drive to wherever we were going. When the trip was over, we would drive back to the airfield, get on the plane and fly home. However, if I worked on the advance team, we would fly in three days early, drive the routes to all the venues we would be visiting, and ensure the security at all the locations. I got to play tourist and could have leisurely meals while visiting all the tourist sites. I decided to go with the advance team this time, and before I left, one of the guys told me to make sure to hook up with George Gentry. I asked who that was, and he looked surprised. "You don't know George Gentry?"

When I said I had no idea who that was, he explained that George was a member of the Air Force protective service detail at Ramstein. He told me George had a beautiful, sexy German wife, and he liked to watch another man have sex with her. I told him he was full of shit, but he assured me he was telling the truth. So, as soon as I got to Ramstein, I contacted George and told him I was interested in meeting his wife. Late that afternoon he took me to his house where I met his blond, sexy, big-busted wife. She was very friendly with a great smile, and not at all shy. She was very outgoing. She made a typical German dinner, which was delicious, and after the meal, we went directly to the bedroom. I had never been in a situation like this, so I asked what he expected of me. George told me to just do what I normally did when I had sex with a beautiful woman, and to pretend that he wasn't even there. When his wife, Inga, saw that I was a little hesitant, she started getting undressed. When I saw that, I lost all my inhibitions, and I quickly stripped.

As she lay on the bed, I noticed she had a nice blond bush, and I could see her pink opening winking at me. I didn't need any more encouragement. I dropped to my knees and started licking her pussy. She responded right away by pushing my head tighter in her snatch and loudly moaning. I sucked and nibbled on her outer lips before spreading them apart and giving equal treatment to her inner lips. When I licked and then sucked on her clit, she pushed her hips up to meet my tongue, and then shouted, "Oh Schatz, fuck me with your tongue. That feels really good."

I continued to lick and lap until she bucked her hips hard and shouted, "OH MEIN GOT! I'M CUMMINGGG!", and she exploded with a massive orgasm, coating my face with a flood of her juices.

Satisfied that I had done a good job, I lifted my now wet, sticky face, and moved up to lie between her legs. She reached down to grab my hard cock and guided it into her wet cunt. I easily slid in and started a slow in and out rhythm, giving her a little more than half my length with each stroke. She had her hands on the back of my shoulders and I felt them slide down to grab my ass checks. She was squeezing and pulling me into her with each of my thrusts. She started squealing and said, "Yes! Yes! Fuck me! Fuck my pussy! Give it to me!"

I had all but forgotten I was putting on a show for her husband, until she shouted, "Oh fuck, George. He is so good! Thank you, baby. He is fucking me so good!"

She continued, her words aimed at me now, "Fuck me, baby. Cum with me. I need to cum. Fill my cunt with your cum." I hated to disappoint her, but I wasn't ready to cum. She was hot and a really good fuck, but I was working to get her off, not me. I knew I could last a while. I speeded up a little and then thrust in really deep and hard, and she screamed, "YES! YES! I'M CUMMING! OH, FUCK YES."

I felt her body shaking as she had another massive orgasm. I slowed down my strokes and let her get over her climax, before returning to my slow in and out. She was so wet I could hear her pussy squishing as my dick moved back and forth. She commented, "I can't believe you didn't cum with me. Are you going to fuck my poor pussy some more?"

She wrapped her legs around my ass and said, "That's it, baby. Fuck me some more. Fuck me all night if you want to. I love how you fuck me."

Then she said, "God, George. He's fucking me so good. His cock is so deep in my pussy. I love the way he is fucking me. Do you like how he's fucking me, George?"

I glanced over my shoulder and her husband was sitting in an easy chair, his pants and underwear around his ankles, furiously stroking his not very impressive cock. I could only guess that he couldn't please her, so to keep her from having affairs behind his back, he allowed her to fuck guys in their bedroom while he watched. I didn't really give a fuck. I was just enjoying fucking his very pretty, sexy wife with a very hot pussy. When I looked down at her I realized I hadn't been paying any attention to her massive tits, so I leaned down and took a nipple in my mouth. As I did, I shifted my hips a bit and ended up hitting her clit with each in stroke. She gasped when she felt my cock rubbing her clit, and after a few strokes, she had another orgasm. 

After sucking both nipples for a few minutes, I started fucking her faster, harder, and deeper. She was panting loudly now, and I felt my balls tighten. When I announced I was about to cum, she started screaming, "Yes! Cum in me. Fill my cunt with your cum. Let me feel it baby."

I let loose with a massive load of cum, and she grabbed my ass, squeezed hard and pulled me to her like she was trying to get me deeper. She kept screaming, "Let me have it! Fuck! I can feel you filling me up with your cum. Oh, shit! I love it!" I think she actually had another small orgasm.

When I had emptied everything I had, I rolled off her and laid there breathing hard. She rolled over, throwing one leg over my body, and started kissing me with about as much passion as I have ever felt. She was pushing her tongue in my mouth, swirling it around, and mashing her lips to mine. She then pulled away and said, "Thank you! Thank you so much! That was the best fuck I have ever had!"

I felt a little sorry for her husband who was now sitting in the chair with jizz all over his hand which was still holding his flaccid cock. I guess there was nothing to feel bad about because he had a silly grin on his face. I guess he enjoyed the show. About that time, his wife reached down and took my cock in her hand and started stroking it, slowly causing it to stiffen. She said, "I love your cock. I want to taste it." She then took my cock in her mouth and began to lick our combined juices off. When she was satisfied that she had cleaned it sufficiently, she proceeded to give me a mind-blowing blowjob. When she had swallowed every drop of my cum, she asked, "Can you fuck me again?"

We fucked several more times that night. That woman sure liked to fuck. Her husband never said a word, he just sat in his chair and watched. I didn't really care as long as I was getting to fuck his hot wife. When I got ready to leave, I asked George if I could fuck his wife again the next time I was in town. Before he could answer, his wife said, yes! I learned that the other guys he had brought over had fucked her once and left. She seemed to have enjoyed having someone fuck her all night. That was a strange situation, but I really enjoyed myself.

* * * * * 

We went to London every month for some NATO meetings and for the General and his wife to go to a play. Some of the meetings were held at a place called Northwoods. I won't describe it because it was, and probably still is, a secret, secure, underground facility. Every time we went there, I would see an American girl who worked for NATO and was assigned to a British military official. I thought she was hot, and I tried my best to hit on her, but she was very aloof and made it clear she would not go out with me. On one of our trips, I saw her at one of our meetings, and she was actually friendly for a change. She told me she had been offered a new job with another British military official and she no longer worked for NATO. I took a chance and asked, "Does that mean you might go out with me now?"

"If you ask me nice, I might be persuaded."

I asked her out to dinner, and we arranged to meet at a pub near the American Embassy. We had a couple of beers at the pub, and when I asked her if she was ready for dinner, she asked me where I wanted to go. "How about the Hard Rock Café?"

"Are you kidding me? That place is always packed and it's almost impossible to get a table."

I told her we would go and if we couldn't get in, we would go somewhere else. She reluctantly agreed.

When we got there, there was indeed a very long line, stretching down the sidewalk. After she reminded me that she had warned me, I told her to follow my lead. I walked up to the front of the line where a harried hostess was busy taking names. I told her we just wanted to go to the bar, and she told me that was fine. We went inside and had a beer, and in a few minutes, I told her to come with me. I found a waitress and very indignantly said, "Excuse me, miss. We have been waiting in the bar for a table for over an hour. How much longer do we have to wait?" 

She immediately apologized and said she would find us a table as soon as possible. In a few minutes, she told us to follow her. She sat us at a table and my date said, "You are unbelievable! I could never do something like that."

"What the hell. It worked, didn't it?"

She laughed and took my hands in hers. I noticed an older couple sitting at the next table, and the lady said, "You two look so nice together. Are you newlyweds?"

My date almost choked, but she had an even harder time keeping her cool when I replied, "Newlyweds? No mam, I don't even know her name. I just met her. I was driving over here, and I saw her waiting on a bus, so I pulled over and asked her if she wanted to have dinner with me. She got in my car and here we are." I then whispered, "I think she's a lady of loose morals."

The look on the woman's face was priceless, but when my date was laughing and punching me in the arm, she realized I was pulling her chain, and she started laughing, too. Her husband was smiling as he said, "You'll have to forgive her. She's quite gullible."
