 In early 1968, Vietnam was raging and here I was in Germany. I was safe, lived in a nice barracks that was warm in the winter and cool in the summer, eating good food, and fucking my brains out with five different, sexy, beautiful, cock hungry women. I'm not sure what came over me, but for some reason, I decided I wanted to go to Vietnam. My First Sergeant said I could submit a Request for Transfer, but there was no guarantee it would be approved. Several months went by before the First Sergeant called me in and said, "Well, you got your wish. You're going to Vietnam." 

My transfer date wasn't for another month, so I managed to pack all my belongings and ship them home to Arizona. I waited two weeks before telling "my girls" that I was being sent to Vietnam. For some reason I decided not to tell anyone I had volunteered. I was having an affair with five women who were all older than me and married, but when I told each of them, they had the same reaction. First, they were shocked, second, they started crying, and third, they ensured me they were going to give me the best sex I had ever had before I left. And they did. 

Beth was married to a Lieutenant Colonel and was the oldest of the women I was seeing. For some reason, she took it the hardest. When I told her, she started crying and led me over to the sofa. We held each other for a long time while she continued to cry. 

Finally, she looked at me with red, swollen eyes, and said, "John, you must think I'm a silly old woman for acting this way. I'm old enough to be your mother but you have always treated me like I was the only woman you cared about. You made me feel special and I love you for that. When you came into my life, I was a sexually frustrated woman. You took care of that, in spades! I love the way you made love to me, but it's not just the sex. I love you for who you are. You are the sweetest, kindest, most caring person I have ever met. I don't want you to leave me." 

Then she started crying again. I pulled her to me so she could cry on my shoulder as I softly kissed her forehead, cheek, chin, and then her trembling lips. She opened her mouth and gave me a deep, passionate kiss. When she broke the kiss, she looked at me and said, "I love you, John. I really do." 

I told her, "I love you too, Beth." We held each other for a while, and she started crying again. 

She said, "I don't want to lose you." 

"You're not going to lose me, Beth. You know the Army. When they tell you to go somewhere, you have to go." 

After a while of quiet sobbing, she looked at me and said, "Why don't you marry Katie? Then I know we could always be close to each other. I know she would let me share." 

Katie was her 19 year-old daughter who I had met and fucked several times a few months ago. I said, "Beth, think about what you are saying. You know that wouldn't be possible." 

"Why not? I know if you asked her, she would say yes. She talks about you all the time." 

I explained to her, "First, Katie is in college. Eventually, she will get a degree and start a career. She is a beautiful, sexy woman, so I know she will find someone she loves and eventually get married. Second, her father is a Lieutenant Colonel. There's no way he's going to let her marry an enlisted man. Third, how would you explain to him how I met Katie? It just would not work." 

She was silent for a while before she looked at me and asked, "Would you make love to me?" 

I answered, "You know I will. I can't resist you." 

We got up and walked back to the bedroom. When we had shed our clothes, she laid on the bed and said, "Come here." 

I laid down next to her and held her for a few minutes before reaching down to rub her pussy. I rubbed the lips a few times and then slid a finger inside. She was already wet. I got on top and rubbed my dick across the lips several times before putting the tip in and teasing her with short in and out motions. 

She hissed, "Put it in me damn it. I need your cock now!" I slid all the way in and pulled almost all the way out. When I slid all the way in again, she had her first of several orgasms.

When I left her that afternoon, she started crying again. She told me to write to her and let her know I was O.K. I told her I would love to stay in touch with her, but I was afraid her husband would find the letters. 

She said, "You let me worry about that." 

I assured her I would write to her and I reluctantly left. I was hoping she would pull herself together before her husband came home and found her crying.

I was given a 30 day leave back in the States. Mom and dad were surprised to see me and wondered why I was back home. Telling them I was going to Vietnam was the hardest thing I had ever done. I didn't look up any of my old buddies because I just didn't have anything in common with them anymore. I was bored sitting around the house, so I cut my leave short by 15 days and flew to Oakland, California, where I waited for three days to catch a flight to Vietnam. 

During this time, I had to turn in all of my uniforms, and in return I was given several sets of jungle fatigues and two pair of jungle boots. I almost had a fight with the supply clerk who insisted I had to turn in my jump boots. I pointed out I didn't have to turn them in because they were never issued to me. I bought them myself. Never try to take a paratrooper's jump boots! I was also given several vaccinations for numerous diseases that were prevalent in southeast Asia. 

I finally got a flight and after several hours, I arrived in Vietnam where I was assigned to the 101st Airborne Division at Binh Hoa. After six weeks of in-country training, I was told I was going "Up North" to Camp Eagle. I boarded a C-130 and flew to Phu Bai. When I arrived, I was met by two MP sergeants who told me to put my duffle bag in their jeep and get in back. On the way to what I assumed was Camp Eagle, I noticed they were both wearing the 82nd Airborne Division patch. I didn't think much of it at the time. 

We soon arrived at an area with several squad size tents with sand bags stacked in front and a single larger tent. There was also a sand bag bunker in the center of the compound and a POW enclosure at the back. When we got out of the jeep, the sergeants shook my hand and one of them said, "Welcome to the 82nd MP Company." 

They took me over to the large tent where I met the platoon leader. He explained that the 82nd was very short-handed, and when he had asked for some replacements, he was told I was on the way up from the 101st. Somehow, I managed to get transferred to the 82nd while I was in the air! I didn't mind. It turned out to be a great assignment with some really great guys. 

It only took a few hours for reality to set in. As opposed to the nice barracks I had been living in, I was now living in a squad tent with seven other guys and sleeping on a cot with no sheets or pillows. The temperature averaged 98 degrees with 90 percent humidity. I quickly learned from my squad mates that it was better to sleep in the nude. 

We had to walk across a dirt road to take a shower. The shower was a 55-gallon drum mounted on a wooden frame about 10 feet off the ground. There was a valve that allowed the water to come out the bottom. The water was heated by the sun. The mess hall was a large tent across from the showers where we got a breakfast of scrambled eggs made with powdered eggs, and a slice of spam. If we got lunch or dinner, it was usually C-Rations. I quickly learned to love hot sauce. It made everything taste better!

Our bathroom was an outhouse with a half of a 55-gallon drum underneath a hole. Every day we would drag the drum out, pour diesel fuel in, and set it on fire to burn the shit. Lovely. I was beginning to regret my decision to leave Germany. 

Our job mainly consisted of escorting convoys and processing and guarding POWs. When we provided escort for convoys, we would have a gun jeep in front, one in the middle, and one bringing up the rear. Since the roads weren't paved, I ate a lot of dust. We also provided security for the engineers who swept the road every morning for mines. 

My platoon leader somehow found out I had been the General's bodyguard in Germany. Anytime we were attacked, either with mortars, rockets, or actual Viet Cong with rifles trying to get through the perimeter, the general and his staff officers all met in a large bunker called the Tactical Operations Center, or TOC. I was told that any time there was an attack, I would have to go to the TOC to protect the general. I also escorted him numerous times when he visited the troops in forward areas. It was exciting to say the least.

Most of the infantry soldiers wore jungle fatigues with no unit patch or name tape. The MPs were combat soldiers, but they were still MPs, and MPs always looked sharp. Most of them had the 82nd unit patch on the left sleeve, a name tape over the right pocket and the U.S. Army tape across the left pocket with a set of jump wings above that. I had been in country for a couple of months and all my shirts still had the 101st patch on the sleeve. One day my squad leader told me to grab some of my clean shirts and come with him. We drove to a small village right outside the gate and he took me to a little hut that he said was a tailor shop. He took my shirts and told the girl there to put U.S. Army tapes over the left pocket, jump wings over that, name tape over the right pocket, and an 82nd patch on the left sleeve. He told me I had to look sharp. 

The tailor was a young Vietnamese female, and for some reason she was very unfriendly. I noted that she was like all Asians; short, thin, small breasts, black hair and brown almond shaped eyes. She had a small button nose. I'm not sure if it was because I was used to getting sex on a regular basis, and it had been a while since I had had any, but I found this young lady to be very attractive. The sergeant and I bought a warm Coke and drank it while the girl finished my shirts. I paid her, thanked her, and again I got the cold shoulder. 

Over the next several months I would stop by her shop and, even if I didn't have anything that needed sewing, I would sit and talk with her. I asked her one day why she was so unfriendly. She told me that Americans had made her country dirty. She said Vietnam had been beautiful but now it was dirty. She said Americans had brought war and villages had been destroyed, bombs had caused craters, and several other complaints. I pointed out that Vietnam had been at war for years before the Americans arrived, and that the French were there before us, so don't blame Americans. 

She eventually softened up some and at least I could get a smile from her. I later learned that she had been a young bride who married a Vietnamese Lieutenant, and he had been killed. For some reason she blamed the Americans. Even though she was friendlier and smiled when I showed up, I knew I didn't stand a chance in hell in getting in her pants. At least not right away.

After six months in country, soldiers were given an R&R, or a one-week vacation, to one of a number of places. I chose Taipei, Taiwan. When I arrived, I was taken to a very nice hotel. The bell boy took my bag to my room and opened my door. He put my bag in the room, I gave him a tip, and he asked, "Can I get you anything, sir?" 

I thought, what the hell. It doesn't hurt to ask, so I said, "How about a girl." He stepped halfway out the door and snapped his finger. A very voluptuous Asian girl walked in. She was not what I expected an Asian girl to look like. She was taller than most Asians, maybe 5'7", had curves in all the right places, and a nice set of tits." 

The bell boy asked, "Will she do?" I told him she would do very well.

When the bell boy left, she walked over to me and put one hand behind my neck, then leaned over until her mouth was grazing my ear. She whispered, "My name is Sophie. I am here to take care of all your needs. Just tell me what you want, and I will do it." Her warm breath on my ear as she spoke had me breathing hard and I could feel my cock getting hard. 

I answered, "I'm John. There's a lot I can think of that I would like you to do for me, but before I do anything, I want to take a nice hot bath to wash the Vietnam dirt off my skin." 

She said, "Ooh. I can take care of that. Just get undressed and I will fill the tub." I was surprised that she spoke fluent English with just a trace of an accent.

I got undressed and walked into the bathroom. The water was running, quickly filling the tub. I noticed the water had bubbles and there was a really nice scent wafting up from the tub. I guess she had put some bubble bath in the water. I also noticed that she was completely nude, and she was stunning. She turned around to look at me, and held her hand out, beckoning me nearer. I held my hand out to her and she guided me to the tub. As I held her hand, I stepped in the tub to discover the water was hot, but not so much as to burn my skin. I continued to hold her hand as I eased myself into the tub for the first time in nearly a year. Showers just don't compare to lying back in a hot tub. 

She asked, "Is the water O.K.?" 

I told her it was perfect. She kneeled down at the side of the tub and started to softly rub my shoulders, neck and back. I started to feel all the stress and tension of being in a combat zone slowly fade away. I was purring like a cat with an occasional moan thrown in for good measure. 

I had my eyes closed and when I opened them, I noticed she had a big smile on her face. She asked, "Good?" 

I answered, "Very good." 

She then asked, "Mind if I join you?" 

I told her that wouldn't be a problem. She stepped into the tub and slid down behind me and placed her legs over mine. She continued washing my back before reaching around to wash my chest and then lower to my stomach. She told me to close my eyes and I felt her fingers slip through my hair, gently massaging my head. She washed my hair and then rinsed it off. Since I could feel her breasts pressing against my back, I had a raging hard-on. When she reached around to my stomach again, her hand brushed against my cock. 

She said, "Ooh. It seems like you are enjoying your bath!" 

Without waiting for an answer, she started to slowly stroke my cock and balls. I was in heaven! We reluctantly got out of the bath and used a fluffy hotel towel to dry off. She then took my hand and led me to the bed. She pulled the covers off and gently pushed me back then followed me to lay back on the sheets. 

I was going to put my head between her legs as I usually do, but she stopped me. She said, "Maybe you can do that later. Right now I am here to please you." 

She then moved down between my legs and put my turgid cock in her mouth. She moved her tongue around the swollen head several times before licking up both sides of my shaft, and finally taking the whole thing in her mouth. She started sucking while bobbing her head up and down, quickly at first, and then slowing down to give me an earth shattering orgasm. She never jerked her head back, but just kept sucking until she had swallowed my entire load. 

I was thinking, "I have only been in Taipei for a couple of hours and have already had a sensuous bath with a gorgeous woman and now I've just unloaded my cum in her mouth. This is going to be a great R&R!"

As I was laying there recovering, it occurred to me that this woman was probably a prostitute. I had never been with a prostitute before and wasn't really sure how it worked. I mean, was I expected to pay her after every sex act? I got up on one elbow and rested my head on my hand while I looked at her. I asked, "I have never been with a professional before. That was great and I would love to spend the rest of the week doing that, but what's this going to cost me? I'm not sure I can afford this." 

She replied, "Do you have to stay in this hotel, or would you like to stay in my apartment? If you stay with me, you don't have to pay for the hotel. I will cook some of our meals and perhaps we can go out to a restaurant a couple of times. If you would like to see some tourist sites, I will be your tour guide. We can have sex as much as you want, whenever you want, however you want. At the end of the week I will take you back to the airport and you can pay me $100. How does that sound?" 

I told her that sounded very reasonable. We had sex for about 30 minutes, took a quick shower, and got dressed. Since I hadn't unpacked my bag yet, I grabbed it, went down to the front desk, payed my bill and checked out. We went outside, got in her car, and drove the short distance to her apartment. 

During the week, we woke up every morning and made love for at least 30 minutes. We would then go site-seeing. She proved to be a very good tour guide. We visited the Chiang Kai-shek Memorial, a beautiful Park, a traditional Taiwanese temple, and snake alley. In snake alley, she had me eat a bowl of cobra soup which she said would keep my cock hard as a rock all night. I told her I didn't think I would need it since she seemed to be doing that herself, without any help from soup! On Friday, we woke up and had a long, slow fuck session, and after we both had at least two orgasms, I gave her $130. I thought she deserved a tip, since I was very satisfied and relaxed. I had really enjoyed spending the week with her. She drove me back to the airport and soon I found myself back in Vietnam. 

A couple of months later, our unit moved down south, about 10 miles north of Saigon. Instead of tents, we had an actual two-story barracks, made of wood, with numerous windows covered with screen to provide ventilation. We had actual bunks, not cots, with sheets, pillows, and a blanket. We also had a locker to hang our uniforms in. But what was most surprising was the amenities on our new post. There was an officer's club, NCO club, barber shop, laundry & tailor shop, and a small PX. We also had a house girl who cleaned the barracks and made our beds. We still had an outhouse, but thankfully, a couple of Vietnamese guys had been hired to burn the shit every day. 

All of the employees were Vietnamese and they had already been through a background check by the local police and military intelligence. There was also an actual MP Station located right next to the tailor shop. After I had gotten settled into my new housing and established my duties with the MP Station, I checked out all of the shops. Much to my surprise, when I walked into the tailor shop, there was the girl from up north, who I now knew as Hoa. 

She greeted me with a big smile, and when I asked how she had gotten a job there, she said when we moved, she didn't have any more business, so she decided to follow us. She had family in Saigon, so our new location was convenient. She applied for the job and was hired. Over the next couple of months, I saw her every day and I continued to develop our relationship. The tailor shop was in the same building as the laundry and the girl there started calling us boyfriend and girlfriend. Surprisingly, she didn't seem to mind. 

Over the next month, I made it a habit to go to the tailor shop at closing time. Since we were alone and the door was locked, I convinced her to kiss me. After a week of kissing, I started feeling up her small tits, and eventually I started fingering her under her loose pajama pants. Since she seemed to enjoy that, I asked where we could get together to fuck. 

One day she asked if I could give her a ride home, and on the way there, she pointed out a small hotel. She asked if we could meet there on her day off. I agreed and we met the following week.

When I got to the hotel, I paid for the room and we went upstairs. Once in the room, I started to get undressed, but she seemed very shy about taking her clothes off. This surprised me because I had been finger fucking her for over a week. Once I was undressed, she finally took her blouse and bra off, and then she dropped her pants, leaving her panties on. 
