 John finds willing women from Korea to Tennessee and turns a young Italian beauty into a sex goddess.

When the MP School was moved to Ft. McClellan, Alabama, I was transferred to the CID Office at Camp Humphries, Korea. I soon learned that the only way I was going to be getting any sex was with a prostitute, but I really didn't want to deal with prostitutes. 

We worked a lot of Black Market cases involving soldiers trading products from the PX for sex, especially liquor, cigarettes and coffee. We would arrest the soldiers and our counterparts in the Korean CID would deal with the prostitutes. During our joint investigations, I discovered that the prostitutes worked for a Madam named Kim.

I met Kim and struck up a conversation with her. I learned that she spoke excellent English due to the fact she had married an American when she was very young and had lived in Texas for several years. She eventually divorced and moved back to Korea. I was surprised to learn she was 39 because she looked like 25. The more I got to know her the more I liked her. I told her that she was in danger of being arrested for criminal conspiracy. She countered that she hadn't done anything wrong. I explained that all of the girls who had been arrested for black marketing had been linked to her. Since she was known to be the head of the prostitution ring, it wouldn't be hard to make a case against her for being the head of the black marketing ring as well.

Kim invited me to her apartment which would have been considered luxurious for Korea at the time. She told me to make myself comfortable while she went to the bathroom. When she came back to the living room, she had washed off all of the heavy makeup she had been wearing and she had changed into what I guess you would call 'lounging pajamas'. They were made of silk and they accentuated her figure, especially her rather large breasts. She asked how we could resolve her potential legal problem. She offered me exclusive services to her 'best' girl, or girls, if that's what I wanted. I told her I wasn't interested in one of her prostitutes. She asked what I would be interested in, so I said, "How about you?"

She laughed and said she wasn't available because she wasn't a prostitute and she was too old. I told her I thought she looked great and I found her very desirable. I was eventually able to convince her to take me to her bedroom where she removed the pajamas. As I had already guessed, she wasn't wearing anything underneath. I quickly shed my clothes and crawled into bed with her. I got between her legs and leaned down to start feasting on her tits by licking and sucking on first one nipple and then the other. She responded by moaning, "Ohh, no one has sucked my tits in a long time. Feels good."

I pressed my cock against her pussy lips. I could feel moisture against the head, so I plunged in about half-way. I was surprised at how tight she was. As I started moving in and out, I could feel her becoming lubricated and she would make a little gasp every time I would push in. I started thrusting in and out with deep strokes and soon she climaxed. It wasn't long before I heard something like a deep growl escape my lips as I came deep inside her. After a few minutes she said, "I haven't been fucked like that in years!"

I arranged to come spend an afternoon with her once a week. She occasionally asked for coffee and whiskey from the PX. I told her I would buy it, but it was just for our consumption. I told her if I came over and the coffee and whiskey were gone, I would never buy anything else. She complied with my wishes and in return, my sexual needs were satisfied.

A few months after I arrived in Korea, and just as I was getting comfortable in my new job, I was told I was being transferred to a nuclear missile base located about sixty miles away in the middle of nowhere. Apparently, they had failed two inspections, morale was low, the commanding officer had been relieved of duty for incompetence, and five out of the ten sentry dog handlers had been arrested for smoking pot. I bitched and moaned because I didn't want anything to do with that assignment. My commanding officer said an MP Staff Sergeant had been in charge of the MP security force, but apparently, he couldn't handle it. It had been decided that since I was an MP Warrant Officer, I would take charge of security and prepare them for their next inspection. There was a Signal Corps Staff Sergeant who made a daily run between Camp Humphries and the missile site to pick up mail and transport classified information. He picked me up and gave me a ride to the site.

I was appalled by what I found. The MPs were sloppy, had a bad attitude, and none of them wanted to be there. I had a meeting with them and explained that they would either carry out their assigned duties or I would have them court-martialed for dereliction of duty. I told them I would inspect them every day and I wanted them in starched fatigues and spit-shined boots. I got my hands on some helmet liners and took them to town where a Korean guy spray painted them a shiney black, put a big white MP on the front, and the unit seal on the sides. I found that after they started looking good, they actually started taking pride in their assignment. I met with the dog handlers and had them teach me everything there was to know about sentry dogs. They were working double duty because half of the handlers had been arrested and taken to the stockade, so I made an emergency request for more dog handlers. I also discovered all of the security problems as listed on the last inspection and had them corrected, sometimes paying for materials out of my own pocket. But, it paid off, because we passed the next inspection.

As much as I hated going there, I ended up liking certain aspects. For instance, there was a Korean security unit assigned to the administration area. The Korean First Sergeant had his soldiers practice Tae-Kwon-Do every morning and he let me participate, since I was already very close to meeting the requirements for my Black Belt. The First Sergeant was a certified instructor, and before I left Korea, he took me to Seoul to the Kukikwon, the World Taekwondo Headquarters, where I passed my certification tests and was awarded my Black Belt.

* * * * *

In 1974, I was transferred to Fort Campbell, Kentucky, and once again assigned to a CID unit. It was a normal office where we worked a variety of cases, but it seems that we had an unusually high amount of drug cases. I noticed that the MPs would make a drug bust, lock up the soldier, and put the drugs in the evidence locker. End of Case. I went over to the MP unit and talked to some of the guys. I asked, "Did you ask this guy where he got the drugs?" The answer was always no. I explained to them that they should take the guy back to the MP Station, read him his rights, and if he was willing to talk, ask him where he got the drugs. That way we could identify the dealers who were supplying the drugs. Then we could make a bigger bust down the road. Pretty soon, we had developed a suspect. Most of the people the MPs busted named the same guy. I set up a controlled buy with the dealer, who turned out to be an Infantry Staff Sergeant, and we busted him. A search of his house resulted in the confiscation of a large quantity of marijuana and cash.

When I interviewed the dealer, he told me he was a career soldier, had served in Vietnam where he had been severely wounded, and he said he couldn't afford to be sent to prison. I told him I would work with him and the prosecutors if he would help me bust his dealer. He told me the guy was a civilian who lived in Nashville. I contacted the Nashville Police Narcotics unit and we set up a joint investigation. I went undercover, had the soldier dealer introduce me to his civilian dealer, and I arranged to buy a large quantity of narcotics. The DEA provided the money, I made the buy, we made the bust, and everybody was happy. 

I made friends with a couple of the Nashville Detectives who were really nice, if somewhat twisted, guys. Since I was usually off on the weekends, I started to hang out with them and actually participated in several drug busts, even though I wasn't supposed to. They also introduced me to several country singers, usually in a private back room of a bar. One night I found myself with a couple of them in one of the back rooms located across the alley from the Ryman Auditorium. Two very beautiful big busted girls, who appeared in a TV show, had just finished filming. As they were walking across the alley, they were accosted by a drunk bum, who was probably just begging for change, but they got scared and started screaming. They were right outside the back door, so I ran outside where they were screaming and pointing, telling me the guy had just assaulted them. I picked him up by the back of his shirt and the top of his pants and gave him the classic 'bum's rush' right into a dumpster. When we walked back inside, they were all over me, one on each side holding my arms and telling everyone I was their 'hero'. 

The backroom bar was very well appointed with big leather recliners, leather sofa, TV, and a nice bar that was fully stocked. No money was exchanged, so I'm not sure how the drinks were paid for, I just know I could drink what I wanted without paying. The two girls pulled me down with them on the sofa with me in between the two of them. As the night progressed, they were discussing how they could pay me back for 'saving their life', even though they were never in any danger. When I heard them say 'we' were going to reward me, I looked at them and said, "We?" They both had a big smile on their face and were nodding their heads when one of them said, "Oh yes. We always do everything together."

One of the cops laughed and said, "You're in trouble now, soldier boy!" Everyone laughed, but one of the girls exclaimed excitedly, "Soldier Boy! Are you a soldier? You really ARE my hero!"

I assumed they were just having fun with me with good natured teasing, so I was really shocked when they said they were leaving, then looked at me as one of them asked, "Are you coming?" That drew a lot of catcalls and whistles and laughter. I stood up on shaky legs and let them lead me out the door. When we got outside, one of them (I had learned they were called Candy and Mandy, but I have no idea which one was which) asked me, "Do you want to ride with us?" I told them that would be fine, and, since I was still in a daze, the next thing I knew we were entering their apartment.

These two girls could almost be twins, except for their faces which were very close, but still different. They were both the same height, weight, breast size and firm round ass size. One was blond and one had shiny coal black hair, but I doubt either was natural. I had a feeling both had a dye job, but who cares, right? Both were wearing white pullover shirts and black shorts. As soon as we were inside with the door closed, they started undressing. I was thinking I had died and gone to heaven. The blond looked at me, smiled and asked, "Aren't you going to join us?" It didn't take me but a half-minute to shed my clothes. 

The brunette turned around and a big smile appeared as she said, "Oh look, Candy, he doesn't wear underwear, and it looks like he's excited to be here!" O.K., now I knew the blond was named Candy, and as I looked down, I deduced the Brunette, Mandy, was referring to my now erect cock that was bobbing up and down in anticipation of what was to come (No pun intended). I followed those two perfect asses to the bedroom where I saw a King-Size bed that, I assumed, they shared. They both crawled up to the middle and Candy said, "We like to get warmed up first. Join in whenever you're ready." Shit, I was ready now, but I decided to watch what she meant by 'get warmed up first'.

First, they embraced and locked lips in a very passionate kiss. I noticed they were feeling each other's tits and rubbing the nipples. Mandy moved down until her face was over Candy's pussy and started working her tongue around her dark brown hair-covered pussy lips (Not a natural blond). She moved her tongue up and down the entire length of Candy's pussy, and then stuck her tongue deep inside to explore her clitoris. As Mandy was working on Candy's cunt, her own moist snatch was gaping wide open about two feet away from me as she lay face down. I decided I had enough of watching them 'get warmed up', and thought I should join in. I crawled up between Mandy's legs until I could smell her aroma. I put my mouth over her brown hair-covered snatch (Not a natural brunette) and started slowly licking up and down her lips several times before putting my tongue inside to swirl my tongue around her inner walls. When I discovered her swollen clit, I licked it, eliciting a loud moan and a little buck of her ass. I continued to lick and suck on her clit for a couple of minutes until I could feel her shiver and her juices started coating my chin. She lifted her head from Candy's cunt long enough to say, "Come fuck me. I want to feel your cock in my pussy."

I didn't need any more encouragement. Since she was face down, I reached under her thighs and lifted her ass, giving me a better angle of attack. I usually like to tease a little by sliding the head of my dick up and down the pussy lips, but I was so revved up by watching these two beautiful women, I couldn't wait any longer. I placed my dick at her waiting pussy, confirmed she was wet, and just plunged it right in. I have had great success at pleasing women by only going in halfway and stroking back and forth slowly before increasing depth and speed. I did that now, although I admit I was going a little faster than usual. Fuck, her pussy felt good! I guess she liked what I was doing because in less than a minute, her pussy clamped around my dick, she started to get wetter, and she groaned, "I'm comminggg!" 

I knew I couldn't hold back much longer, so I started pounding her harder, plunging in and out with everything I had. She was breathing hard and making incomprehensible sounds. Just when I thought I was going to blow my wad, she screamed out, "OH GOD! I'M COMMMIIINNGG! FUCK!" That did it, I let loose with one of the biggest loads I have ever felt.

My dick was still in her sopping wet cunt and I was lying on her back, trying to catch my breath, when Mandy said, "Jesus, Candy. You have got to feel this cock! This boy knows how to fuck!"

Candy rolled over and scooted down the bed to grab my cock and put it in her mouth. "Mmmmm, Mandy. I love the taste of your pussy on his cock." She sucked me until I was hard again while licking our combined juices off my dick. When I was about as hard as I could possibly get, she took her mouth away, pushed me flat on my back, and then straddled me, lowering her hot pussy on my rock hard cock. 

She started moving up and down, slowly at first, and then she started bouncing up and down, driving my full length all the way in with every stroke. As I looked up, I saw her lovely face, mouth open and her sparkling eyes open wide looking back. She smiled at me, then closed her eyes and threw her head back. That's when I noticed her big tits right in front of my face. It occurred to me that I had not played with either of their big, beautiful tits, so I leaned forward and took a hard nipple in my mouth to lick and suck.

I felt her pussy tighten on my dick and a flood of pussy juice dripping on my pelvis as she screamed, "Oh Fuck! I'm cummmiinnnggg!" 

Since I had just cum a few minutes before, I was able to last a little longer, but in just a couple of minutes, I had to empty my balls. I was surprised at the amount of cum I shot into her sweet pussy.

As I was lying there on my back, I heard the girls start to laugh. I had my eyes closed so I'm not sure which one it was who said, "Shit! This boy can fuck! Maybe we should keep him around for a while."

I lost count of how many times we fucked that night. I was glad it was Saturday night because we didn't fall asleep until about 4:30 AM. When we woke up around noon Sunday morning, we each took a shower, not together because their shower wasn't that big, got dressed, and they took me to a buffet that served breakfast all day. I tried to pay, but Mandy said, "No way lover boy. I told you we were going to reward you for saving us from that horrible man." I thanked her but told her she had more than rewarded me already.

After breakfast, they took me back to Broadway where I had left my car, and I drove back to Fort Campbell. I continued going to Nashville on the weekends and hooking up with my cop buddies. I saw Mandy and Candy occasionally, and they took me back to their apartment two more times where we again fucked all night. I'm actually glad it was only two times. I don't think I could take that kind of exhaustion on a regular basis. They wore me out!

* * * * *

I was in the same backroom bar one night when I was introduced to a very popular country singer of the time. I heard him asking a couple of the cops if they knew where he could get a good guard dog, preferably a German Shepherd. As luck would have it, I had a great German Shepherd that I needed to find a good home. I fell in love with the breed while I was in Korea working with sentry dogs. Impulsively, as soon as I got to Fort Campbell, I found a beautiful German Shepherd dog in the pound and adopted him. I trained him in obedience, and he was naturally protective. The problem was, the apartment complex where I was living didn't allow dogs. I had been sneaking him in and out for months, but I knew it couldn't last. Someone complained and I was told to get rid of the dog or be evicted. 

I don't like butting into other people's conversations, but I told the singer, "I have a well-trained German Shepherd that needs a good home."

We talked for a while and he explained that he had a sister who lived alone in the country. Nothing had happened, but she felt frightened being alone at home at night with no other houses around. He thought a guard dog would ease her fears. When I told him about my dog, he asked, "How much you want for him?" When I answered I would let him have him for free, he grinned and said, "Well, at least the price is right!" 

He gave me his sister's name, address and phone number and I arranged to deliver the dog and spend some time with her, teaching her the commands, showing her how to walk him on a leash, and going over his feeding requirements. He thanked me and left. When he was gone, one of the cops said, "John, let me tell you about his sister. I have been to her house and she will suck your dick like it's an all-day sucker!"

When I got to her house, I introduced my dog to her, and they hit it off right away. He was wagging his tail and she was petting him, giving him belly rubs, and letting him lick her face. She said, "Thank you so much! I don't know how I can ever thank you for this!" I was thinking I could think of a couple of ways. 

I taught her all the commands he knew and had her practice telling him to sit, down, stay, and come. It only took a few times before he realized he was supposed to listen to her and not me. We then went outside where I taught her how to walk him on a leash, giving the heel command. When we went back inside, she asked me if I wanted something to drink. I told her I would take a beer, and she got one for each of us.

As we were sitting on her sofa, occasionally sipping our beers, I looked at her as if seeing her for the first time. She was not what you would call beautiful, but she was cute. She had long brown hair and bright brown eyes. Her arms and legs were not muscular like a weightlifter, but they were firm and tanned. It looked like she worked outside in the sun a lot. She was what I would call a typical country girl. She was wearing a western shirt, with snaps instead of buttons, and the sleeves had been cut off. She was wearing cut-off jeans shorts and western boots. I looked at her face again and saw that she was staring at me. I guess she had caught me looking at her body, because she smiled and asked, "Like what you see?"
