 The text from Mr Smith read "Meet me at 6 in the bar of the hotel opposite our offices. I'd like to discuss the results of the interview."

Did that mean he was offering her the job? Surely the formal job offer would be in his office? She and two others had been interviewed for the job as Mr Smith's PA. One if them wasn't a strong candidate but the other, an ambitious young guy, was quite a threat. She had to play it cool. Not turn up gasping and breathless. If the job was hers then it was already decided and she couldn't do much about it. Better just to enjoy a drink and chat with an attractive man. 

He was already there when she arrived. He stood to greet her, and offered the seat opposite. 

"Drink? I'm buying. I'm having a cold beer, in case you're wondering."

"G&T please, with plenty of ice and lemon."

The drinks ordered, Mr Smith began by explaining the situation. 

"You interviewed very well...so did one of the other candidates. Both of you are perfectly capable of doing the job. I think that it comes down to attitude and commitment."

"Oh yes, I agree, Mr Smith. I'm happy to be judged on that."

"Do you have a family? Husband, boyfriend? I know it's not very PC but I want someone with no commitments who is absolutely dedicated to the job."

Hmm, sadly the answer was no, no boyfriend and no sex for quite a while either. 

"No, Mr Smith, no commitments. I would be completely committed to the job." Before she could stop herself, she had blurted out her feelings. "Mr Smith, I'd do anything to get the job, anything, and anything to keep it too." That wasn't very cool, she thought. 

He raised just one eyebrow. 

"Is that so? Anything? I have been wondering how keen you are on getting this job. Telling me here in this bar is one thing. Showing me in a hotel room upstairs is for real though. That might clinch the job for you."

Was this really happening? This was 2011 and she thought that times had moved on a little than this. And yet ... it had been months since she'd been properly fucked, he was a good looking guy and, well, it would be great to get a promotion. She would play along and see where it lead. 

"Mr Smith, do you have a room booked? If so, I think we need to continue this discussion in private", She smiled at him. "Shall we take our drinks with us?"

"Excellent! I think a bottle of something bubbly is in order."

----

They sipped their champagne and looked at each other. Miss Jones broke the silence first. 

"Now that we're in this bedroom alone, Mr Smith, and I wanted to make sure we're here for the same reason..."

"Oh, Miss Jones, I certainly hope so. You're keen on getting promoted. You're a very attractive woman who has recently told me she would be prepared to do anything to get the job. How could a man resist? Now if you are as good as your word, the job's yours. But be aware that I am a demanding boss and lover - you'll do whatever I ask, won't you?"

"Oh yes. anything!" she said, as she slipped off her business jacket. 

He sat on a chair facing her. 

"Stand up. Undo your blouse. slowly."

Each button was gently eased undone by her trembling fingers, even though she was trembling as she did so. I'm glad I wore the red silk lingerie today, she thought. Soon the blouse was off and thrown onto the bed behind her. He gazed admiringly at the shape of her breasts. A good size but not too big. Just right for a nice handful. There was already a swelling as her nipples began to stiffen. 

"Now slip that bra strap off your left shoulder." She did so. Now he reached up with his hand and stroked her breast flesh. He pulled her closer to him, and brushed her nipple with the back if his hand. It stiffened even more. He couldn't resist and touched her nipple with the tip of his tongue. They both tingled with pleasure. He licked all around her nipple and her knees began to tremble too. 

"Take your bra off completely, Miss Jones."

His formality seemed mis-placed given she was half naked before him, but somehow exciting too. Now he began to suck her nipple as he played with her other breast. Oh Christ, she was starting to get wet already. Her mind started to flood with obscene thoughts. She was completely in lust with him. For now she didn't care about the job, she just thought about his cock. What was he like? She knew she would be finding out soon. She needed him inside her. Her mouth or her pussy, preferably both. God she really did need to get fucked. Mr Smith seemed like too much if a gentleman to leave her unsatisfied, she hoped. 

Her nipples were getting really hard now. He switched from sucking one breast to the other, but always both received his attention. He dipped his fingers in the champagne to play with her other nipple. It was so nice to be pleasured this way, but it was making her so horny and she needed things to move along. 

He paused. 

"Mr Smith, that was amazing, lovely...."

"Good, that was just for starters. you did say you would do anything didn't you?"

She nodded. 

"Undress me completely, Miss Jones. Absolutely everything."

"Yes, Mr Smith."

He stood up. She started with his jacket and hung it neatly on the back of the chair. Then his tie. she unbuttoned his shirt, to reveal his chest. Firm, muscular, not too hairy. She stroked gently with her fingers as she dropped to her knees in front of him. First she undid his shoelaces, removed his shoes and socks. 

"This is the moment I've been waiting for", she thought. 

His trousers fell to the floor. Now he was down to his underwear. Dark pants, the shape of his balls filling them nicely. But that wasn't what caught her eye. It was the shape of his cock, the stiff shaft pointing to one side, with the tip just poking out the top of his pants. She couldn't resist and touched it with her finger. It was a little moist already with a little pre-cum. he's really turned on too, she thought. She eased his pants down and he stood before her, fully erect. His mouthwatering cock bobbing in front of her face and she licked her lips with anticipation. She loved the hardness of his cock; the way the veins stood out. His balls looked really full, too. 

"Mr Smith, it's beautiful!" she exclaimed. 

"Thank you, Miss Jones. I'm glad you like it. Miss Jones, it's no longer about IF you get the job. Now it's about what your salary is to be. I want you to give me the best cock sucking you've ever given. How good it is will determine your pay. As a bit of advice, the longer you can make it last the better, but I must warn you I am very turned on so take care."

This was her chance. A delicious, mouthwatering cock in front of her very eyes. She would have sucked it very, very willingly even if they'd just met in the bar, bit here she was getting the chance to determine her pay. She held the shaft in her fingers. It was warm and hard and the veins stood out. She eased back the foreskin to reveal a lovely red head, firm and tasty-looking. He was a nice size - big enough to fill her up, but not too big for her mouth or so big he would stretch her too much. 

She licked the tip and licked again, then licked round the other side using the underside of her tongue across the little string. He was obviously enjoying it already, but she was really enjoying it too and in no rush. She swirled her tongue slowly round and round the tip until it glistened with her saliva. She rubbed both sides of the head using her thumb and forefinger. 

"Mr Smith, you have a lovely cock. Shall I suck it for you now?"

He just nodded, not trusting himself to speak coherently. 

She dipped her head again and took his tip in her mouth. She very slowly slid her lips up and down the tip, but no further. As her saliva built up and trickled down the shaft she was able to slide her hand up and down slowly too at the same sort of speed and her other hand she used on his balls. Ah, his balls! How nice it was to squeeze them gently, to stroke them, tug at them one at a time, to juggle them in her hand like loose change in a pocket. 

She continued to suck him slowly, still just the tip, not increasing her speed for fear of making him come too soon. 

It was heavenly for her as it had been so long since she had been it such a delightful position. A lovely cock to suck, no hurry, just pleasure for them both. She had been on her knees for a little while now. Maybe they could make use of the bed?

"Mr Smith, why don't you lie down?"

He did so, slipping a pillow under his head for comfort. She slipped out of her business skirt, and was now down to just her hold ups, red silk panties and heels. 

She moved in beside him on the bed. She was going to enjoy the next part too but she had to be careful, as he seemed very close.

she leant across him, facing his toes and once more gave all her attention to his lovely cock. 

She took him back into her mouth and slowly took in as much as she could. she could feel his cock touching the back of her throat and she slowly slid her lips back up again. slowly she descended once more and back up. Without increasing the pace at all she treated him to a long long sequence of gentle sucks. He was enjoying it so much and doing his best to hold back but it wasn't easy. 

His hand started stroking her leg while she sucked. first her calves then thighs. He stroked and massaged her buttocks through her panties. His slow build was really getting her aroused and wet again. he moved his hand languidly round to the front and rubbed her panties gently against her. As he pressed a little lower and harder her panties became wet with her juices. It got even better when he slipped his hand into her panties and nudged against her clit. 

"Stand up on the bed, Miss Jones. Drop your panties; that's good. You have a very attractive pussy Miss Jones, absolutely delightful! Now lie back down next to me and finish me off."

She was very happy to obey and she lay down on her side, facing his toes. This time she was going to to suck him hard; no gentle stuff any more. She took him greedily back into her mouth and without sliding her lips up and down at all sucked his cock hard. then slowly at first she started to suck him off, like a steam train getting up speed. The first stroke slow and measured, the next one a little less slow and then a little faster.

She loved the feeling of his cock in her mouth. It was warm, hard too, but not hard like wood or metal, more a squishy, squidgy firmness that she just loved.

Meanwhile, his hand had meandered back up her thigh, between her legs, and was exactly where she wanted it to be. Was he a guy who liked the taste of pussy? Oh God please, she thought. I like his fingers there but a tongue would be just perfect. He had complimented her on her pretty pussy so she hoped so. Still, he was in charge so she would just have to take whatever she got, but for now it was pretty good! First he let his finger drift up and down her pussy lips, touching her clit for just a moment and then moving back down. She wanted so much to be penetrated by him, for him to slip a finger or two into her wet pussy. Oh please! Finger fuck me, she pleaded inwardly. If he read her mind then he was teasing her. He pressed harder with his fingers and worked his way between her pussy lips to touch her where she was most sensitive. Her pinkness and her clit were crying out for attention, for more pressure. She decided the only way to get it was to move things along. She was finding it so difficult to keep her lips closed round his cock when all she wanted to do was to moan with pleasure and writhe around. was this a subtle part of the job interview to see if she could multitask? She concentrated once more on his delicious cock. She was going to keep him in her mouth until he orgasmed, not matter how difficult. She sucked him with renewed vigour. She used her hand to pump his cock in the opposite direction to her mouth. It was a battle of wills. Who could give the other so much pleasure that they couldn't concentrate on what they were doing? She was going to win this one. she stepped up the pace even more, her head bobbing up and down on his cock. His hand fell back from her pussy and his moans increased. A few more sucks and he was there, spurting his salty white come into her mouth, the second and third splashing the roof of her mouth. She swallowed as much as she could but it was just too much and a little bit dribbled down her chin. she pushed it back into her mouth and sucked him clean. 

"Miss Jones, you were magnificent! Now just give me a moment to recover, and it'll be your turn to receive. Miss Jones, I enjoy eating pussy very much. I'm going to eat you out until I'm fully satisfied. You may well be satisfied before me, but if you want the job then you'll just have to take plenty of tongue. Of course if you want me to stop there is a way..."

"Yes, Mr Smith?" she interrupted, eagerly. 

"Maybe I'll tell you later", he smiled. "Make yourself comfortable and spread your legs wide."

She put a pillow under her head and another under her buttocks to really open herself out. She needed his tongue on her pussy so badly. She couldn't remember when she'd last had a damn good licking. A few one night stands, yes, but no one who had really brought her off. 

He knelt on the floor beside the bed and rested his arms on her thighs. The tip of his tongue just touched her pussy lips, just brushed them and went away. Then came back for a longer exploration. Only his tongue touched her pussy, nothing else. She wanted him to get on with it and make her come bit at the same time she didn't. He was going to pleasure her slowly whatever she did. 

After a while the single licks became continuous contact, his tongue meandering up and down her pussy lips apparently at random. It was lovely! She closed her eyes, put her arms above her head and smiled contentedly. Her dreams answered, lying back whilst Mr Smith licked her pussy. 

He took his hands off her thighs and used his thumbs to spread her lips. He gently rubbed each of her labia between his thumb and first finger, squeezing her a little but not too hard. It was very nice but nothing compared to the pleasure he gave her when he used his mouth instead. That truly was exquisite! He held her pussy lip between his teeth and brushed his tongue along the edge, flicking his tongue from side to side. He switched over and gave the other lip the same delightful treatment. She couldn't stop herself from moving her hands back - one to run her fingers through his thick dark hair and the other strayed unconsciously to her nipple which she rubbed and squeezed without even realising. 

"Oh Mr Smith, that's amazing! Oh please don't be offended if I use rude language will you? You won't sack me if I swear?"

He paused from eating her pussy. 

"Quite the contrary, Miss Jones, I will sack you if you don't swear. Please use the filthiest, most disgusting language you know, I insist."

Thank God for that, she thought, I don't think I could stop myself!

"Oh fuck that's good, I love having your fucking tongue on my pussy, oh for fuck's sake please don't stop, you're going to make me come!"

He loved hearing her talk dirty while he ate her out. If she was close to coming already, then they were both in for a good time. He'd barely started on her. He spread her pussy lips wide apart and exposed her lovely, enticing, pink pussy flesh in between. Now instead of exploring with the tip of his tongue, he used broad firm strokes to paint her pussy with saliva. He moved slowly up, carefully stopping just short of her clit, and using the underside of his tongue to lick her on the way down. One time he stayed down and began to explore the mouth of her vagina with his tongue. Stiffening it he pushed a little way in, and then further. He could not be more engaged with her pussy now. Whilst he tongue-fucked her, his nose rubbed her clit and his lips were in full contact with her pussy all the way round. He sucked and kissed at her as best he could. 

It was really having an effect now; she was starting to writhe around and was really losing control as her orgasm approached. She kept saying "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck!" over and over. Both her hands were on her nipples now, tweaking them. 

"Don't stop, please don't stop. oh fuck, yes, just please keep going. Oh, Mr Smith, you're going to make me come, yes, please just tongue fuck me, don't stop oh yes, oh yes, oh god that's it, yes! There, fuck, yes, oh, fuck, yes! ooh, yes, mmmmmmm."

He allowed himself to relax and pull back from her pussy. After a little while she was able to speak again. 

"Mf Smith, that was amazing, thank you so much!"

"Miss Jones, it was truly my pleasure."

"Mr Smith, since it's okay to talk dirty, can I ask you something?"

"Of course."

"Umm, I really want your cock inside me now. I'm really wet and I need a good hard fucking."

"Miss Jones, that's a very reasonable request, and may I say very well put. However you may have forgotten what I said earlier."

She gulped. What was it? Oh yes. he was going to lick her as much as he wanted, and stop when he had had enough. She gulped again. She really needed a hard cock and an even harder fucking. She wasn't sure she could take any more tongue. It was just too good. Was it possible to pass out from having too much pleasure? From too many orgasms? What a thought. 

"Miss Jones, much as the idea of fucking your brains out does have a considerable attraction, I'm afraid I haven't finished eating your pussy. Please prepare to receive my tongue for a little longer. Miss Jones, this isn't going to hurt - quite the opposite - but after a while you're going to be begging me to stop. I may stop then but you'll have to ask me in exactly the right way."

What did he mean, she wondered. She loved his tongue and couldn't imagine ever wanting him to stop so that made it doubly puzzling. 

Mr Smith settled down to eating pussy. He was hungry for her pussy; he wanted to eat her pussy and he was going to feast until he had had enough. 

He spread her lips nice and wide again and pushed his tongue in between. First just rubbing against her pussy but then the motion of his tongue became more regular as he licked her up and down. There wasn't much variety to it, he just licked her. Steady constant pussy licking. It was really getting her wet. Miss Jones felt so pleasured and sexed up. The constant contact with her pussy was already building her up to an orgasm. He didn't vary it too much, and just carried on licking her but it was enough to move her inexorably closer. She started to moan more loudly, cry out with pleasure. She thrashed around, her head rolling from side to side. 

He didn't let up; if anything he pressed harder with his tongue and finally he made her come for the second time. 

"Oh, oh, oooooh" she cried. "I'm coming, yes, don't stop, yes."

She relaxed back, expecting him to stop, but he didn't. 

He went straight back to licking her with even greater intensity than before, not giving her a chance to recover from her first orgasm but wanting her to come again. 

Now he played his trump card. He'd already made her come without even touching her clit but that was his focus, that little protrusion of her skin was just in the right place for him to nibble and suck on. It was exquisite for her - she had hardly dipped in the intensity of her feelings but this clit sucking was something else. She adored it and never wanted it to be over. Was she going to come again? Yes, yes yes!!! Oh God, she had reached such a plateau of pleasure that she was never going to come down from it. This wasn't as powerful as the first two orgasms but it was still pretty good. She was so wet now! The juices must be pouring out of her pussy. Mmm, juiciness! What that pussy needed was something hard and stiff inside. Something to just slide in and out of her sopping wet pussy. Surely he wanted to fuck her by now? What sort of a man was he? He must be stiff enough, but it dawned on her what he meant by wanting him to stop. She was loving it but she needed his cock now even more than his tongue.  
