 Hey all and welcome to the adventures of me, Zoe. Before I begin I guess I should tell you a little bit about myself. I'm a 19 year old college student that is in love. The first love being my boyfriend Tim. The second being sex. Yes, I love sex, in all its sweaty, sticky glory. Before I met Tim I guess you could say I was kind of a church mouse. I didn't smoke, drink, swear, disobey my parents, etc. Tim changed all that. He opened my eyes to the world that night we first slept together. Now we've been dating for a year and I couldn't be happier. 

Not a day goes by where I'm not at Tim's apartment. Some of the time he isn't even home, in which I just hang out by myself or with his roommate Eric. I don't mind it when the guys are gone as it gives me a chance to clean. Let me tell ya, cleaning up after two 22 year old college guys is a job in of itself. In fact, I really only go home to get new clothes or when I feel like getting scolded by my dad. Their apartment isn't much, just a dingy two bedroom two bath that desperately needed to be updated, but the nice thing about it is that it's close to the university. 

So on to the story.

It was a Wednesday night and I had just screwed up cooking dinner. This was nothing new and at least Tim gave me points for effort. Resorting to plan B I called and ordered us a pizza. While waiting I sat on the couch and watched Tim play video games, bored but content. When he finally took a break to smoke I followed him onto the balcony. We each lit a cigarette and he sat in his rusty metal chair next to a cardboard box that held the ashtray. I leaned onto the railing and looked down at the passersby. I liked being on the second floor as we got some good views of the surroundings. 

"I'm bored," I said blowing smoke into the air and turning to face Tim.

"So," he replied. "What do you want to do about it?"

"I don't know," I said whining. 

"You could get me a beer," he replied smiling at me.

"Oh how could I resist that smile," I joked then put out my cigarette and headed into the kitchen. I honestly couldn't resist him. Tim is very pleasing on the eyes: short blonde hair, tall, skinny but still toned, and deep blue eyes.

I guess I have good timing as the doorbell rang when I was in the kitchen. I answered it and sure enough it was the pizza delivery man. 

"Just a sec," I said and turned to find Tim's wallet. Scrambling around I managed to find it. Of course it was in his pants from yesterday that were crumpled up next to the television. I don't think Tim ever put anything away where it was supposed to go. 

I returned to pay the man when I fumbled and dropped Tim's wallet on the ground by his feet. When I leaned down to get it I could feel the man eyeing my chest. I smiled, feeling reassured about my looks as he stared at the cleavage my C cups breasts provide. 

"Here ya go," I said standing up and handing him the money. 

"Thank you," he said enthusiastically and left.

I set the pizza down on the table and walked back to the balcony to give Tim his beer. 

"Here sweetie," I said handing the beer to him.

"What's with the grin?" He asked.

"Oh nothing," I replied. I paused for a moment then said, "I know what we could do."

"Eat dinner?" Tim chuckled.

"No," I said as I moved and straddled myself over him. Sitting in his lap I leaned in and kissed him softly on the cheek. I kept kissing him as I said, "You could fuck me. Right here, right now."

"What? On the balcony?" Tim laughed.

I pulled away and sat straight up. I ran my hands over his chest and replied, "Yes. Right here. 

"I don't think so Zoe," Tim said nervously. I could tell he was thinking about it but wouldn't budge.

"Oh come on," I pouted. "You could show all those people passing by how to really fuck a girl."

Tim sat there silent, staring at me. 

"Okay," I said cheerfully. "How about I suck you off?"

"What's with you," he said lifting me off of him and standing up. "Why do you want to do it out here where everybody can see us?"

"I don't know," I said crossing my arms. "It would be something new, something you haven't done, and it would be exciting. You know, us knowing they could be watching us."

Without saying anything Tim walked back into the apartment. I quickly followed, trying to slap his butt as he moved into the kitchen.

"Damn someone's horny," Tim said and finally stopped next to the kitchen table. 

"I can't help it," I said leaning into him. The pizza guy staring at my chest got me going, but I wasn't going to tell him that. "I need it. I want it," I said. I moved my hands down his chest to his crotch. I could feel him grow within his jeans. "C'mon baby," I said seductively. "Give me that cock."

"Well what can I say to that," Tim replied.

I knew Tim liked it when I talked dirty, and it was a turn on for me as well. I didn't need anymore motivation as my hands unzipped his jeans. I grabbed a hold of them and his boxers and, as I knelt down, I pulled them with me. I helped him step out of them before looking up and seeing my prize, free from its cage.

Tim leaned against the table as I went to work. I eagerly grabbed his hardened shaft by the base and held it in front of me. I ran my tongue up and down the length of it, stopping breifly so I could flick my tongue at the head. I looked up at his eyes as I teased him. I was so turned on, knowing he was watching me pleasure him. I loved the control I had over him as I played with his cock. It was like a toy. My toy. I engulfed him into my mouth and proceeded to suck as hard as I could. His cock hit the back of my throat as I took him in and out. The saliva built within my mouth but I didn't want to stop. I let it seep out of me as I continued my work.

Tim ran his hands through my long and curly auburn hair. He gently grasped it as his hands carressed the back of my head. I wanted him to be more forceful and fuck my mouth like he does my pussy. Instead he leaned down and grabbed my arms, pulling me up. 

I breathed heavily as I caught my breath. Wiping the drool from my chin I looked at him and said, "Why stop?"

"Cause I want to fuck you before I explode," he replied.

Smiling up at him I said, "I think I can live with that."

Suddenly he grabbed my hips and picked my skinny body up and draped me over his shoulders. I gasped and, slapping his ass I said, "Giddy up." He carried me into the bedroom and flung me onto the bed. After regaining my composure I watched as he turned on the television and pressed play on the dvd player. 

I sat up and lifted my tee shirt over my head as the sounds of sex poured from the television speakers. Tim turned me on to pornography. Before I thought it was degrading to women and only perverts watched it, but now I love it. I fantasize about what it must be like to be those women. Sometimes I pretend that it's really other people in the room having sex right next to us. 

I undid my bra and tossed it aside as I looked on at the television, watching two women share a man's cock between their mouths. I know this was Tim's favorite. Tim threw off his shirt and jumped on the bed. Quickly he was at my neck, kissing it before moving to my chest. I continued to watch the screen as Tim ran his tongue along my breasts. His hands roamed along my body, unable to find a home. I moaned out when I felt his teeth clench down on my nipple. Tim knew I liked a little pain with my pleasure. 

I couldn't wait for him any longer and grabbed my jeans. After unclasping them I quickly pulled them down. Tim finished pulling them off of me and didn't waste time before taking off my thong. His hand finally found its way to my sopping pussy. I gasped as his fingers probed in and out of me. I loved this feeling of being ravaged, knowing he desperately wanted me. 

"Fuck me," I said impatiently.

He pulled his hands from me and leaned up saying, "Aren't we in a hurry."

I laughed at myself for being so impatient. I sat up and grabbed the hand that was probing inside me. Slowly I stuck one finger in, then another. I don't know what was better, tasting myself on him or knowing how much it turned him on. Either way I finished cleaning his fingers then said, "My pussy tastes like it needs to be fucked by something much bigger than your finger."

"Will this do?" He said kneeling with his back straight up, pointing his marvelous cock at me. 

"For now," I giggled lightly then got on my hands and knees facing the television. 

Tim knelt behind me and grabbed my hips. After getting into position he slapped my ass, causing me to moan. His hand spanked me again, a little harder this time, and again I moaned out.

"You like that don't you," he said as he continued to spank me, alternating cheek to cheek.

"Oh ya," I said as I watched the women on the screen massage each other as the man fucked them.

One final slap came down before I felt his cock at the tip of my pussy. I moaned as he slowly sank himself into me. Every muscle clenched against him as he fully buried himself. Once in, he began rocking back and forth, pulling my hips towards him. I bounced back and forth in sheer bliss as he fucked me. 

"God yes," I moaned out dropping my head into the sheets.

The sounds of our bodies slapping against each other combined with the moaning from the television was sending me over the edge. All I could think about was this wonderful sensation. His cock was hitting every right spot. His hand gripped my hips like he was clinging for his life. I moaned into the sheets, louder and louder as he pummeled me. For a moment we seemed in unison with people on the screen. Our combined moaning and grunting was overwhelming. I closed my eyes and let the sounds guide me to an orgasm.

The sounds of my screams must have tipped off Tim as he pulled out of me. I didn't want him to stop. I needed that cock inside me, one way or another. I quickly spun around and saw Tim's sweaty body panting. I grabbed his cock and verociously sunk my mouth around it. I thoroughly cleaned it of my juices before lifting my head up. I stroked his shaft and looked at him. Panting I said, "You're not giving up on me now are ya?"

Tim didn't say a word as he grabbed my shoulders and spun me back around. I returned to my place on all fours and waited impatiently for his cock to return and fill the void it left. 

"I want to try something new," Tim breathed out.

"Oh ya," I said getting excited, wondering what he had in mind.

Tim squirmed himself into position. I could feel the head of his cock press against my asshole. That was the obvious clue of what he was about to do. I guess I should of known when I looked at the screen and saw the man buried balls deep into the blonde's ass. 

"Don't clench," Tim said as his cock pressed against me. 

I couldn't help it. I was scared of having him in there but at the same time was excited. This was something new for the both of us. I knew Tim hadn't done this with another girl and that turned me on, knowing I would be his first like he was for me. I closed my eyes and clenched my teeth as his cock slowly penetrated my ass. At first I felt like I was imploding, but as I relaxed and allowed him in the feeling started to subside. I opened my eyes, realizing the fear was worse than the act. I watched the girls scream out in pleasure on the screen as Tim made his way deeper and deeper inside me. The pain started to combine with pleasure and before I knew it my body was pushing back against him.

"Oh my god that's amazing," Tim moaned out. 

"Good baby," I replied panting. "My body is for your pleasure."

"Oh ya it is," Tim continued to grunt. "God damn," he said as our boddies got into a rythm.

I couldn't think about anything other than that large cock invading my ass. I moaned as my hips were pulled repeatatly towards him. I concentrated on that cock splitting me open, and the pleasure it brought to Tim. 

"Fuck ya," Tim said breaking my concentration. "Just like them."

He must have meant the people on the screen. I looked up to see the girls on their knees, waiting for the guy to cum on them. If that's what Tim wants then I won't deny him. 

Tim sped up his pace as our bodies rocked back and forth. I went from feeling overly stuffed to feeling empty as he pulled himself out of me. He grabbed my body and awkwardly rolled me onto my back. My head bounced as it landed just off edge of the bed. I leaned up only to see Tim's balls in front of me. I quickly sucked on one, then the other as Tim mounted himself over my chest. I was in an awkward position and couldn't really move when Tim grabbed the back of my head, holding it in place. Quickly he shoved his cock passed my lips and into my mouth. The taste of bitterness quickly filled me as he rammed himself back and forth into me. 

"Fuck my mouth like my pussy," I thought to myself. Isn't that what I was thinking earlier? I got my wish as Tim continued to jab at the back of my throat. I couldn't suck, couldn't lick, nothing. Just take his cock in and try not to gag.

It didn't take long before Tim pulled out. I opened my eyes to see him jerking off, with his cock pointing directly at me. His grunting became loud and he closed his eyes. A second later a stream of his seed shot out and hit me on the bridge of my nose. In reaction I closed my eyes. I held tight as I felt a second wave hit my lips. 

Feeling it was safe I opened my eyes to see Tim squeezing any last drop of his semen onto my chest. Thoroughly spent he collapsed back onto the bed. I wiped him sperm from my lips and wiped it onto my breast before getting up. 

I couldn't think straight. I awkwardly rolled over and off the bed. My body couldn't stop shaking. My ass, pussy, and mouth all ached. My muscles felt worn. I felt sweaty and sticky. All I could think was how great that was. My mind was trapped there as I headed out of the room.

I grabbed a cigarette from the table and walked onto the balcony. I lit it up and breathed in. That's when reality came back to me. The cold brisk air snapped my mind back and I looked out, seeing the people walk the streets. That's when I realized I was not only completely naked, but covered in Tim's seed that seeped down my face and body.

For a second I was in shock, paralyzed, and frozen in place. That's when two college guys pointed up at me and yelled, "Hell ya!" I let out a smile and stood still as one reached for his phone and snapped a picture. Feeling cold I put out the cigarette and walked back inside. 

I walked back into the bedroom to find Tim composing himself. He didn't say anything as he started getting dressed.

"Have fun?" I asked.

"Just a bit," he laughed. 

I sat on the edge of the bed, staring at the television. My body ached but yet still yearned for more. I knew Tim was spent though. I watched on as a new scene unfolded. Two girls, a blonde and a brunette, were making out on their bed while a guy watched on.

"I wonder what it's like?" I said.

"Wonder what what's like? Tim responded.

"To kiss a girl."

I swear Tim froze in place when I said that. A devilish grin swept accross his face. I didn't say another word on the matter and leaned back, watching the scene unfold.

That story is for another time.