 Miss Jones had been working as Mr Smith's PA for 3 weeks and she absolutely loved it! The work was fine but the sex was out of this world. She'd never been so well fucked in her life. Every single day of her working life she was enjoying so much sex. She found the weekends rather dull in comparison and couldn't wait to get back to work on Monday morning. When she went out on Friday nights there was a glow about her that her friends commented on. And to them she appeared quite reticent and unwilling to be chatted up by any of the young men in the nightclub. 

At work, Miss Jones would bring Mr Smith a coffee first thing. in their undiscussed code, coffee meant cock sucking. Either she would bring him a coffee if she wanted to suck him off or he would ask her for a coffee. Sometimes he might have several cups of coffee before lunch. He was always hard, she sighed happily. She loved having his cock in her mouth and she loved the taste of his come. 

Every lunchtime he would eat his so called healthy lunch off her pussy. Usually he would fuck her afterwards, hard and fast. She loved lunchtimes too. 

In the afternoons he would drink tea. This was code for wanting to eat her out (again!). If he asked her for tea with biscuits then that meant he was going to eat her out and then fuck her afterwards. If he asked for tea and she brought biscuits then she wanted to be fucked. Biscuits were almost always enjoyed n the afternoon. The number of varieties of biscuits indicated the number of different sex positions he intended to employ. On one memorable Friday afternoon, Miss Jones brought in a box of assorted biscuits. Mr Smith had fucked her in every position he could think of, which happened to be equal to the number of different biscuits in the box. 

She'd never felt so good! She was sleeping well, feeling fit and looking great.

But, she thought wistfully, they never discussed their home lives. For all she knew, he might be married with kids and a house in the suburbs. 

One afternoon, in between tea breaks, she decided to organise a trip out. They were organising a weekend conference for early the following year. She had sorted out when and where and thought she might give Mr Smith approval before they went ahead and invited delegates. Why not, she thought. Show him the conference centre and show him the standard of bedroom where the delegates would stay... get him on his own for the afternoon and evening. Find out a bit more about him. She booked a date on the diary for Friday and she couldn't wait. 

Friday

The day at the office started as normal for Miss Jones, but she had already been preparing for a special day from the moment she woke up. She had put on her very favourite pair of stockings and her most sexy bra. No panties of course, that was a given. She rarely wore them to work any more and she just loved to hitch up her short skirt and have Mr Smith eat her out over lunch or during the afternoon. 

So today she gave him a lovely, long cock sucking, slower than usual. She really savoured the taste of his shaft and she loved to lick his tip while she held him between her lips and played with his balls. Taking her time meant that she got an extra specially large mouthful of come, which she swallowed greedily. 

For once they had a normal lunch hour without Mr Smith eating his lunch off her pussy. But they did set off after lunch for the hotel which was a couple of hours drive away at a countryside location. Mr Smith drove them in his company Mercedes, which was a real pleasure for her. Several times she contemplated leaning over and sucking him off while they travelled down the motorway, but she thought better of that too. She also wondered about asking him to fuck her brains out on the back seat, but her daydreaming stayed as such and they were going to be there soon.

Shortly before they arrived, he asked her what she had planned for the trip. 

"Well, since I've organised everything so far I wanted your approval for the venue and each of the facilities we're planning to use. Also, since it is a three day weekend conference, I wanted to check that the other facilities were okay too. So I'm going to give you a tour of the hotel, show you the main room and the smaller rooms we'll use for the workshops. I've booked us in to dinner at 6.30...."

Her voice tailed off. She wanted to say more but was too nervous. Had she been too presumptuous? 

He really put her on the spot with his next question. 

"When do you think we'll get back?"

"Umm, I'm not sure, er, it's really up to you."

They left that one hanging but she sensed he knew what she was planning and was deliberately leaving her nervous about it. 

The tour of the hotel went very well, she felt. He liked the facilities and approved of her planning and all the preparatory work she'd done. He said he'd put the conference schedule together, and price things up and they'd be on schedule. It was around 5.30 when they'd finished and he guided her towards the hotel bar. 

"I think it's important that we check out the bar and service quality, Miss Jones. We need to be sure they can cope with the quantity of business we'll be providing. Let's check out their wine list."

He ordered the best bottle of champagne before she could express any preference but she was very happy to drink with him. They sipped and chatted for a while and he asked her: "What are you enjoying most about working with me?"

"Oh, well, lots of things. I'm always glad to have your approval for my work, such as organising this conference, you know..."

"Miss Jones that's not what I meant, and you know it."

She leant forward and lowered her voice. 

"Okay Mr Smith, I'll talk more candidly with you. I love the taste of your cock. I love having you in my mouth. And you know I always swallow. I adore having my pussy eaten out. I love being licked, and when I think horny thoughts I think about having your tongue between my legs. But my favourite is lying back on your boardroom table after you've licked me for a while and having you fuck me hard. Feeling you ram that stiff cock in and out is the best. Knowing I've already sucked that cock twice already and swallowed your come and knowing that you're going to last for a little while feels fucking amazing. There, does that answer your question?"

"Miss Jones, that was a most eloquent answer and I'm delighted to know how much you're enjoying working for me."

"What about you, Mr Smith, are you happy with my, er, work for you so far? Is there anything you need me to improve on?"

"Miss Jones, I've been very impressed with you ever since I interviewed you and you have always been a most satisfactory employee. You've done a great job of organising this conference. But that's not what you really want feedback on, is it? Miss Jones, the way you suck my cock is amazing. I love it. I wake up at night fantasising about it. You are, I'm sure, fully aware of my liking for cunnilingus. And your pussy is absolutely delicious. Of all the aspects of your employment, I think eating lunch off your pussy and fucking you afterwards is, in my humble opinion, the best."

They went to the restaurant and ate a delicious meal. They tried different menu choices in order to check out possibilities for the conference menu. They enjoyed a couple of bottles of wine with the meal, too. 

When it came to dessert the 'Strawberries and Cream' caused a bit of a flutter as she smiled inwardly about their usual lunchtime activities. 

"Miss Jones, I'm afraid I've had too much to drink to drive back tonight, I hope that's okay. Let me order dessert while you go and sort some accommodation for us. Remember the company is paying for this so don't worry about the expense."

Had he planned this all along? He knew already that there was a question mark over how long they would stay, but it was as if he wanted to take the decision out of her hands. And yet he had still given her the chance to choose the room (or rooms). Right, she thought, he said don't worry about the cost, so I'll book the best room in the place. 

The reception clerk was very happy to tell her that the honeymoon suite was available and would she like the complementary champagne and oysters? Absolutely, and she arranged for them to be sent straight to the room. 

"Mr Smith, there's only one room left, I'm afraid we'll have to share. I hope that's all right...I'm going straight to the room. It's number 343."

She went straight up to the room and unlocked the door. What a fantastic room! There was a huge double bed, and a huge bathroom with a sunken bath. Maybe later, she thought. There by the bed was a champagne ice bucket, a fine bottle inside with two beautiful champagne flutes on the bedside table. And a separate table with a plateful of oysters. 

She went to the bathroom to freshen up. She took off her jacket and blouse and was down to a bra, short skirt with no panties, and stockings. There was no way he could resist her. Why was there even a question mark in her mind? They'd only just told each other how much they enjoyed sex together. It was going to be great. But this time she was going to be more in control. In his office, he was the boss, whereas here she could take command. 

She returned to the bedroom, poured herself some champagne, hitched up her skirt so she was almost showing everything and sat on the bed to await his arrival. She didn't have long to wait. 

He knocked and came into the room. 

"Wow, nice room!"

"You're looking at the room? With me sitting on the bed?"

She had a point, he thought. She was only wearing a thin blouse and her dark, erect nipples were showing through her blouse. Her skirt was so high up her thighs that he could almost see her pussy already. He was salivating at the thought of eating her out. She always tasted good, but tonight he was desperate to taste her, to lick her, to eat her out for hours. His wandering thoughts were suddenly interrupted. 

"Get undressed. Now!"

Her tone was sharp and not to be disagreed with. There was a shift if power, imperceptible at first, but the pendulum was certainly swinging. Okay, let's see where this goes. He undressed, slowly, looking her in the eye the whole time. She held his gaze, sipping her champagne. 

"Completely undressed. Not a thing."

There was no room for negotiation and he removed his pants and socks and then his watch too. He was very aroused, which was very obvious to Miss Jones. He stood facing her, awaiting his next instruction. 

"Pour yourself some champagne. But don't sit down, I like to see you standing up."

The balance of power had definitely swung her way. She was enjoying the control she had over him. 

"Play with your cock. Stroke it. Pull the foreskin back and forth while you drink that champagne. "

He did exactly as he was told. She loved watching him masturbate. She was already getting wet. 

"Move closer. Stand next to the bed."

He stepped in. His cock was so tempting. Mouth-watering. Irresistible. She sucked the tip while he continued stroking himself. She licked and swirled her tongue around the shiny hard tip of his cock. She took the tip into her mouth and sucked gently moving her mouth back and forth slowly. Her hand drifted unconsciously to her nipple and started playing with it and rubbing it between her fingers which made it even harder. Her other hand drifted down between her legs and she began to play with her pussy too. She was more turned on than she'd ever been with Mr Smith, but this she was going to get full satisfaction and get everything she wanted. She liked playing with herself but she wanted a tongue there even more. 

She took his cock out of her mouth. 

"Lie down on the bed. Face up. Put a pillow under your head and put your hands by your sides. You're going to be there for a while. Head near the edge of the bed, just where I'm sitting."

"Yes, Miss Jones," he replied obediently and lay down. She brought the champagne bucket nearer, and topped up her glass. She hitched up her skirt and then decided she was just going to abandon the skirt altogether and slipped out of it. 

She walked to the bed and knelt either side of his head, lowering her pussy down onto his face. 

"Lick me, make me come!" she commanded. 

He was very happy to oblige, and soon the tip of his tongue was exploring her pussy lips. Darting in and around, flicking her all over and giving her the intense pleasure she loved so much. 

"Lick me faster!" she demanded. 

Immediately his tongue moved quicker, twitching around her pussy and lapping rapidly back and forth. 

"Oh yes, don't stop, yes keep it up."

The sensations were amazing and very intense. It was so good. She sipped her champagne just to quench her thirst and then threw back the rest of her glass, draining it and then putting it to one side. She removed her blouse too so that she could squeeze both nipples at once. She was building up nicely to her orgasm as his tongue kept her up there and her nipple tweaking took her even closer. 

"Oh, oh, yes, yes, nearly there, don't stop, lick me, lick me, suck my clit, suck it, suck it, make me come, mmm, yes, yes, yessssss!!" 

Finally she was there and it was so good. Although she had enjoyed lots of satisfying sex with Mr Smith, she loved it when he made her come hard. Eventually she climbed off him and stood up. He lay still as instructed. 

"You can get up now but you'll be back there soon. By the way that was amazing; it felt so good! Let's try these oysters."

They shared the shellfish and sipped more champagne, looking into each others eyes but not talking. He was naked and she was all but. After a little while the oysters and champagne were gone and she decided to take command again. 

"Stand up! Get your cock hard again. I want to see it stand up by itself. Go on, play with it."

He held the base and used his hand to encourage it to grow and firm up. She was delighted to see him slowly inflate and stiffen. 

"Now lie down again on the bed and make yourself comfortable again. This time we're both going to come."

She sat down on his face again, but this time facing his feet. She wriggled her pussy around on his face smearing her juices on him and using his nose against her clit. Mmmm it felt so good to have a tongue down there again. She leant forward to play with his cock, opening out her pussy for him to eat her. He didn't need to be told what to do and sucked hungrily at her pussy lips. Chewing gently, nibbling and sucking at her started her juices flowing all over again. 

She took his cock right into her mouth again for the first time that evening. She sucked him hard and heard him gasp in response. 

"Don't stop licking until I tell you!", she told him, "Or I'll stop sucking your cock!"

That was too big a threat for him to disobey. He went back to lapping her pussy at a steady pace. 

"That's better. Now keep licking!"

She sucked his cock slowly. Enjoying having a stiff one in her mouth. She wanted to keep him there for a while, not make him come too soon. She liked him licking her like that. Nothing too clever or fancy, just licking to keep her horny. She went down deep on him and came back up for air. Then down again and back up a few more times. She returned to sucking the tip, her favourite part. The most sensitive part. She liked using her lips and tongue at the same time on him. At one point she wondered if this was for her pleasure or for his, she was loving it so much. He seemed nowhere near coming and he was doing such a nice job of licking her pussy, so she sucked him some more. Back in the office they never did this, never 69d and they never gave each other such prolonged oral sex. Her pussy was getting so wet now, dripping with her juices. His face must be soaked, she laughed to herself. She sucked home some more and decided she was going to make him come now. She built up her speed bobbing her head faster and faster on his cock and feeling it hard in her mouth. She used her hands too on the shaft in the opposite direction which took him there even quicker. He stopped licking her as his orgasm approached. He just couldn't concentrate any more. It was just too much for him and he finally came into her mouth giving her another big taste of come. 

"Oh, Miss Jones that was incredible! Thank you!"

"That was just for starters. Now go to the bathroom and clean those juices off your face. There's more for you to do yet."

When he returned from the bathroom, all cleaned up, she was sitting in the armchair. 

"Sit!" she commanded. 

He sat at her feet. Up to this point her legs had been closed. But now she slowly opened her legs. He had the perfect view as she had intended. She opened her legs even wider, and placed one leg over each arm of the chair. Her pussy was so inviting! 

"Eat me!" she told him. "Eat me out and make me come."

He moved in and touched her with just the tip of his tongue. He let his tongue meander up and down her pussy lips. She moaned softly. He licked her a little faster. she moved appreciatively. He pushed his tongue further in, parting her pussy lips. She really loved it! She put her hands on the back of his head and made sure he stayed right there. He moved his hands up between her legs and used his thumbs to part her pussy lips. This gave him even better access. He licked even more vigorously, hungrily, licking up her juices. It was really making her feel so hot. So horny, so aroused and alive. And it was moving her closer to orgasm too. She was really starting to writhe her body around. He went for the big prize and moved up a little to her enticing clit. He slipped it into his mouth and sucked. Gently at first but then a little harder. He tugged at it with his teeth. And then he held it there between his teeth and flicked at her clit with the tip of his tongue. That was the final step to make her come. 

"Oooooh, yes, that's it, yes. Oh God, yes!! Oh fuck that's good. Oh stop, stop I need a rest."

She released his head and sank back in the chair. 

"Mr Smith that was very, very good. But I need more. I need another orgasm. Lie down, Mr Smith, on the floor. Here's a pillow, put that under your head. I'm going to sit on your face until you make me come again. I want you to open your mouth and suck on my pussy. I want you to suck and chew on my pussy lips. I want you to EAT me out. Got that?"

He nodded. 

She knelt either side of his head and lowered her pussy onto his face. Both of them enjoyed that moment more than any previous moment that day. it was exquisite for her, to feel his whole mouth on her pussy. Being touched by his lips and tongue in so many places at once. So many varieties of pleasure for her that her arousal levels shot back up again immediately. She was back up on that plateau of pleasure and his tongue flicking up and down between her pussy lips felt amazing. Could she ever get enough of that tongue? She thought probably not! 

She used her hips to shimmy back and forth. She was using his face to pleasure herself. All he could do was stiffen his tongue and stick it straight up in the air for her to use as well as his nose and chin. His face was already really wet again with her juices. And he absolutely loved it! There was nowhere else he wanted to be at that moment. He used his as to hold her steady and tried to tongue-fuck her. It was okay but not what she wanted. 

"Just eat me! Make me come! Do it!"

She held his head steady and let him use his tongue again to pleasure her. Licking her pussy up and down, using the broad surface of his tongue to bring her ever closer to orgasm. She was getting closer and closer now. He licked her faster and faster as best he could, desperate to make her come again. And finally she was there, coming again and loving the pleasure of his tongue. 

"Fuck, fuck, fuck that's it yes! Fuck yes! Mmm, Mr Smith you've been a very fine pussy licker. Now just lie there for a moment while I tell you what's going to happen next."
