 It was another glorious day in Laguna Beach, nice warm breezes and smog free air. Natalia walked out onto the patio with her morning coffee in one hand and her laptop in the other. Her naked body loved the feel of the sun waking her senses.

It was five weeks since the pool company changed the schedule that brought Jose into her life. That tall, handsome pool man with the fantastic cock had charged her sex life and that of Pam's and Jill's as well. They had joined in the fun on the second encounter with Jose and had become addicted to him and his two sexy girlfriends.

Mmm, Natalia thought his girlfriends are so fucking hot. Her fingers slid between her puffy lips and she stroked absent-mindedly while thinking back to last Monday. Jose had called and asked if she would be interested in him bringing them over to help him clean the pool. She had agreed immediately. 

Pam and Jill had arrived about a half hour before Jose and quickly lost their clothes and any inhibitions they never had to begin with. Natalia told them that there was going to be some additional company coming but didn't tell them who. She liked surprising them.

Jose arrived with his girlfriends Donna and Cat. They both were hot as could be. 

Donna had jet-black hair, a lovely face with great eyes. She was about 5'4" with full 34C breasts and weighing somewhere around 125lbs. She looked simply scrumptious.

Cat was a tiny little thing who looked delicious as well. She stood just less than five foot tall with bright red hair. Her almost non-existent bikini revealed a hot as fuck body, full 32B cup. Cat had them surgically enhanced and they looked lovely.

Jose made the introduction to the three naked women.

"Jose, you son of a bitch. You said they were attractive. You didn't say anything about them being drop dead gorgeous and oh, so sexy. Cat, we are over dressed for this party," Donna said as she slapped his strong Latin arm.

With that, Donna and Cat had instantly become naked and headed for the girls. Jose dropped his bathing suit and walked into Natalia's waiting lips. 

Natalia opened her mouth as he approached. Her hand grabbed his hard cock and she guided it between her hot lips. He slid so easily between her lips. Her tongue guided him deep into her throat. She slid her face along his length and felt every ridge and vein on her tongue. He fucked her face so well. She loved the way he held her face as his cock explored her wet mouth. She knew she was becoming addicted to him. They all were. 

She thought back to the sight of Donna licking Pam and Cat crawling inside Jill. She knew why they were his girlfriends. They were as insatiable as she was. 

Her fingers continued playing with her clit as she re-lived those moments in her head. Her body moved, her hips began to grind on her hand and Natalia exploded in a terrific orgasm. She fell back on her chaise and gasped.

"Oh fuck, I'm going to be late for work," she said to no one in particular. She rushed to get dressed and hurried to work.

She parked near the door and ran into the spa. Jill was laughing when she flew through the front door. "You look like you slept in."

"No, I was up early but I lost track of time. I was kinda remembering Monday and..."

"Your fingers got wet and you forgot you had a job." Pam yelled from her office.

Jill doubled over in laughter.

"What are you laughing at Jill? I won the bet. Pay up bitch!" laughed Pam.

"Again, I just finished licking your pussy two minutes ago. If you want more, just say the word boss," she giggled.

"Yes, that is exactly what happened if you really must know. I poured a coffee, sat by the pool and kinda got lost in the moment. Tell me you haven't relived Monday yourself," Natalia said. "That goes for you're skinny ass too," she yelled at Jill who was still laughing.

"Actually, we were just discussing it before you arrived," Pam blushed. "We agreed it definitely was another hot Monday at your pool my dear."

"Oh, I get it. You verbally reminisced while Jill licked you to into many heavenly orgasms again. You came and so did she. You call me twisted, ha."

"Something resembling that," she smirked. "What's on your mind other than Jose?"

"I got a call from my lawyers and I have to meet with them this afternoon. It's important that I get these documents signed. The schedule is fairly light but I need to get out of here by two."

"It will cost you. You know it will," Pam said.

Natalia lifted her top and walked over to Pam. "You want payment? Lick my tits dear. That's it, suck them and get them hard for me. Your lips feel so good baby. How is that for payment?"

"Mmm It's a down payment sweetie. I'd need about three hours for payment in full," she laughed as she licked each nipple one last time.

"Damn that fucking Jose. That guy got me started this morning and I am so horny right now. Now I have work to do." Natalia picked up the appointment schedule and saw who was on the schedule for her first appointment. She smiled and left Pam's office. 

Frank was her first appointment and one of her special regular customers. As she approached the spa room, 'Thing' walked out of the room. 'Thing' was the masseuse from hell. Seeing her leave meant Frank was ready for Natalia's attention.

She opened the door and saw him lying on the table. A small towel covered his hips and the special treat she knew was under it. She locked the door and stripped immediately. Frank loved to fuck and she needed that right this very minute. Frank loved to have his cock sucked. He seriously enjoyed Natalia's hot mouth over most others. 

She simply adored his tongue. He could lick a pussy as well as anyone she ever knew. She walked over to the table and stood at the head of the table. Frank was lying on his back, eyes closed and relaxing from the vigorous massage he just had. Natalia took her long, perfectly manicured nails and began to scratch along his chest. 

"Hi Frank, I hope you are feeling horny after your massage," she purred as she leaned over his head. "I sure as fuck am. I woke up horny and you are going to get to scratch this itch for me." 

Her subtle breasts fell across his face as she reached for the rapidly rising towel. Franks hands caressed her breasts as they passed his face. Natalia needed his cock now. She climbed onto the table and dropped her pretty pink pussy onto Frank's hungry mouth. 

She reached for his delicious cock and felt his tongue glide between her gaping, wet lips. His hands caressed her legs while his tongue traversed the lovely valley of lust before his eyes. 

Natalia opened her red lips. His sweet cock stood tall and aching for her talents. As her face fell upon him, her tongue washed the tip of his cock. Her hands caressed his substantial balls as her mouth began to please this fine man. She took the head of his cock in her mouth and held it as his tongue slid along her sizzling twat. 

Natalia removed his cock from her mouth and held it tight against his stomach. She took long licks along the sweet, sensitive underside of his shaft. She knew that drove Frank wild. Her eyes gazed over at the length but more so, the width of this man's shaft. She adored the feeling she would soon know when it entered her tight pussy. He always stretched her so tight. 

Natalia dropped her face onto his shaft and gushed as his strong cock stretched her lips. Her wet mouth soaked his cock as she greedily sucked him all the way in. He invaded her throat, which she opened to welcome him. 

She knew she had an extra clit deep in her throat. Few men could hit it but Frank could. She was so glad that she had little, if any, gag reflex. She could take just about any size cock and milk it perfectly. Frank fucked her throat and Natalia began to cum flooding his face with her luscious flow. Her hips crushed his face and her explosion increased as his tongue slid deep into her hot twat. His long tongue wiggled inside her while her orgasms rapidly built in number and intensity.

She turned around and sank herself onto him. He held her breasts and licked her nipples as she began to ride him wildly. He stretched her so tight and she loved it. His lips brought her lovely nipples to life. Frank licked and sucked her sweet nipples crushing her ample breasts together to get both into his mouth at once. Her pussy screamed in orgasmic bliss as the itch she felt was cared for perfectly. 

"Your cock feels so wonderful Frank. Fuck me harder dear, Oh, that's it you sweet man. Fuck my cunt; make me cum harder dear. Yes! Harder my dear, fuck me deeper, deeper baby."

She clamped her pussy walls tight on her intruder and held on to him as best she could as his cock pounded her. She was cumming hard and he pistoned her through yet another strong climax.

Natalia lifted herself off his hard cock and positioned it at the opening to her tight, hot ass. She began to settle herself down on it. The size of his cock took her breath away but she would not be denied. It took her a moment but she slowly sank onto him and began to ride. Her ass bounced up and down and her pussy gushed. She was so full. His large cock stretched her ass to the breaking point and yet she rode. Her eyes teared up with joy as he began to thrust upwards into her. She loved this. She needed this and she was so happy.

Frank held her breasts in his hands and squeezed them softly as she attacked his shaft. 

"You're ass feels so good Natalia. Oh keep that up baby and I'll be flooding your hot ass with my cum. Fuck my cock girl; slide your butt all the way down. So hot, so very hot. I'm going to cum darlin, Oh I'm going to cum."

"Oh, Frank cum in my ass honey, cum for me. Spray your hot cum in my ass. I'm going to cum again too. Oh yes!"

The simultaneous eruptions lasted a long time and Natalia collapsed on Frank's chest. She kissed him and then kissed him again.

"Thank you baby, I needed that this morning," Natalia purred.

"You're always so wonderful Natalia. You have never disappointed me and I know you never will."

Natalia dressed quickly and kissed Frank once again. She left and hurried to fix her hair and makeup. She giggled as she looked in the mirror. Yes, she did have that freshly fucked look on her face. Life was good.

She finished her appointments and hurried to the lawyer's office. Natalia's uncle and aunt had died in an accident a couple of years ago. They had no children of their own and left everything to her. They were wealthy, having many investments and properties. Natalia was no stranger to money but managing it came with a substantial learning curve. Her lawyers were very good and they had been very helpful.

They were both very sexy too. David and Ali were best friends whose father's had founded the law firm many years ago. They had both graduated summa cum laude from Harvard. Every maneuver they made with her affairs proved they had earned that distinction.  

David and Ali grew up together and their relationship had led to all sorts of discoveries. They played from the time they could walk. They learned about everything from butterflies to romance. As their bodies changed, they explored the differences each of them was experiencing. The older they got they discovered each other in a more pleasurable ways. 

They had excelled scholastically. Upon their acceptance to Harvard, they had rented a stylish two-bedroom apartment. One bedroom sat empty most of the time. They studied, they fucked, they ate square pizza and they made love. 

They mastered their professions and their kinks as well. They were good with other 'affairs' as well. She laughed when she thought of their oral presentations. 

After parking her Mercedes in the parking garage, she slipped her panties off. They were only going to get in the way. A client had discovered her panties in the sofa in David's office after her last visit. Ali had called and told her she had them. She was laughing saying how embarrassed David was when it happened.

Natalia entered was and taken into Alison's office. The office decorated in soft pink and grey furniture made clients feel comfortable. A large glass desk sat at one end of the office offering Ali a beautiful view of the hills and skyline. It also offered select clients a spectacular view of her long legs as well. The other end of the office had a comfortable sofa and two matching chairs. The office definitely fit her personality.

Ali and David were in their early 30's. Ali was a striking brunette with long legs and slim model-like body. David was as handsome as Ali was gorgeous. He had the body of a swimmer, long and lean with a gorgeous six-pack set of the most delicious abs you ever saw. 

They were an impressive legal team, always stylishly dressed to impress. More impressive in her mind was the vision she saw when their clothes came off. Ali had perfect breasts with tiny round hard nipples and the sweetest pencil thin landing strip leading to her delicious pussy. David was a walking wet dream of a man, strong, virile and sporting a nice seven-inch cock that fit nicely everywhere he wanted to put it.

The business portion of the meeting lasted less than ten minutes. David handed Natalia a series of documents to read and sign. She took the packet to the sofa and sat enticingly on the center cushion. She read the documents with David on one side and Ali on the other. 

"Are you going to get me in trouble again Natalia?" David asked as his hand traveled up her thigh. "I think you did that on purpose."

"Would I do that to you?" Natalia smirked.

"Yes you would," Ali cooed as her hand lifted her skirt to reveal her wet and naked pussy. "Mmm David, perhaps we were wrong. It appears that we are in for a late lunch."

David's hands slipped between her legs and she shifted to allow him better access while Ali directed her where to sign. Once she was finished with the paperwork, it was time to get down to business.

David knelt between Natalia's legs and lifted her high heels resting them on the sofa. His tongue began to trace the inside of her thighs as he moved toward the slippery gash that he knew would taste so good. Ali lifted her spa tee shirt from her body and began to lick her tight, hard nipples. Natalia loved how they knew exactly what made her feel great. 

Ali held her ample breasts and her tongue gently circled her brown areola teasing and sucking each nipple in turn. She knew exactly how to bring Natalia's nipples to attention. As Ali sucked, her clothes came off revealing her sensuous, lithe body. 

Natalia turned Ali's face to hers and kissed her deeply. She held Ali and dropped her face onto her perfect breasts. Natalia's tongue teased and licked her spectacular body. She could have been a fashion model. She was perfect in every aspect. Natalia licked her breasts and then began to travel under them and onto her rock hard stomach. 

Ali climbed onto Natalia's face, the thin pointer directing Natalia's tongue exactly where she wanted it to go. Natalia loved pussy, she craved it and she had to have it everyday. Today Ali was her special treat and one that she always looked forward to. Her tongue circled her belly button and down onto her slender hips. She moved to run her tongue along the dark strip of fine hair towards her prize; Ali's puffy folds and the sweetest hypersensitive clit imaginable. Ali was sensuality personified. Her every movement oozed sexuality. Those who knew her intimately knew she was a tigress with an unquenchable passion. Her most intimate friends loved her responsive body. When lovingly licked, Ali's reaction always sent Natalia over the edge.

David was very engrossed in Natalia's pussy. His lips and tongue were bringing her every pleasant sensation he possibly could. Her long legs opened wide and she loved the sweet broad strokes of his tongue. David had removed his shirt, tie, and was struggling to remove his trousers while he licked. Natalia wanted to see his naked body as just one look at him could make her body gush. He was the perfect man; muscled and sculpted with abs she could lick for hours. 

Natalia's tongue dipped into Ali's valley of desire and began long, wet strokes along her bright pink creases. She purposefully left her clit alone. She didn't want to touch it until David had himself firmly planted into her own tight twat. Natalia soaked her face with Ali's sweet wetness and she teased her lawyer lovingly. She sank her tongue into Ali and licked her deeply. Ali rode her tongue wildly and then began to cum. Her tiny ass shivered and shook on Natalia's tongue as wave after wave of wonderful orgasmic bliss washed over her.

David grabbed her ankles pulling her ass to the edge of the sofa. His strong cock began to ride along Natalia's lovely valley. The large velvet head felt so good as it glided along and over her clit. He slapped his sturdy member onto her clit and she moaned onto Ali's fabulous pussy. 

Natalia knew he was teasing her and it just made her want him more. He placed himself at the entrance to her sweet, hot tunnel and began to sink into her. He felt simply divine as he entered. She shifted her hips upward to experience him fully as he began to fuck her so sweetly. She felt his balls as they brushed her asshole. Soon, she hoped, they would be banging her rosebud hard. 

This man could fuck and fuck hard but he was also a kind lover. David was a man who always insured his woman would enjoy whatever form of lovemaking that was going on.

He stroked her deeply and powerfully and Natalia began to clamp her talented walls onto his cock. She wanted to feel every inch of this fine man as he took her to heaven repeatedly. 

Natalia ran her tongue up inside Ali and closed her mouth over her wonderful clit. Ali's body began to vibrate as Natalia's upper lip closed over her sensitive clit. When she felt Natalia's tongue begin to softly stroke up under her clit, Ali's vibrations began to increase in intensity. Natalia kept stroking and Ali started shaking uncontrollably. She was shaking, cumming, and flooding her chin and her tits. It was a flow of massive proportions and Natalia wanted more. Ali began to grind her body hard onto her face. She felt Natalia's finger circle her tight asshole and Ali went ballistic. Her entire being belonged to Natalia and she would not quit cumming. 

David continued fucking Natalia extremely hard. She was enjoying so many rapid-fire orgasms. Her body grabbed him and held him as tightly as possible to receive as much pleasure from his lovely cock as possible. With every outstroke, Natalia felt her pussy walls extracting from her body. She was so proud of this ability and the time she spent everyday exercising sand strengthening her sweet pussy. It just made sex so much better. David's balls were slamming her ass as Ali's supersonic quivering crushed her lips. 

Natalia felt it building. No matter how many liaisons she had, none could create the feeling she was about to experience. Her skin flushed bright red. Her breathing became almost non-existent and her eyes rolled completely back into her skull. Her hands became uncontrollable as every muscle and tendon in her body convulsed into a total body orgasm that rocked her world completely. Her pussy bathed David in a torrent of cum that would not stop. Her ass was smoking on that sofa with the friction of her flesh against the subtle leather. 

Ali began to calm down and David kept stroking. He loved to fuck and he had his two favorite women in the entire world with him right now. Ali climbed off Natalia's face and turned to watch his cock as it slid into her sweet pussy. Ali leaned over and began to lick Natalia's hard, proud clit. She watched as David continued to stroke deeply into Natalia. Ali cupped his balls and guided him into her. Natalia watched as she was fucked and sucked simultaneously. She went off repeatedly yet again.
