 The sun was shining and the Laguna Beach air was clear. She saw that the thermometer read a nice 81 degrees. Natalia loved her days off. Sunday had been a fun day. She played online and then went to the beach with several friends. It was a normal day at the beach and she giggled to herself at the heads she turned. She did like that new bikini. She was a good looking girl, she knew that. What amazed her was the number of blatant stares and catcalls she got. She didn't see anyone who really caught her eye but she did like the attention. In her most exhibitionistic thoughts, she giggled.

Her job at the spa was not ideal but it was all she could get in this economy. The pay wasn't great but there were benefits. Some days there were additional benefits that never showed up on a pay stub. She had Sunday and Monday off. Today, she had very little to do. She padded into the kitchen and made a pot of coffee. She went back into the bedroom and looked at her young body in the mirror. At twenty-three, she was proud of her 5'6" frame. Her blonde hair fell over her shoulders and framed her pretty face. She looked critically at every feature and assessed it as a voyeur would. She loved attention and always made sure any lookers were satisfied with whatever view she gave them.

She assessed her lips. They were full and sexy. She was so proud of them. She knew that most men dreamed of sliding their hard cocks into these lips. She loved sucking cock and she was damned good at it too. Women were also drawn to her lips as they imagined her licking their sweet pussies. Natalia loved the taste and scent of a woman. She could lick a woman for hours. 

Her D cup breasts were firm, luscious and topped with the sweetest, sensitive, hard nipples. Damn, she loved to have them licked and sucked. Her flat stomach, adorned with a lovely bellybutton jewel led to her erotic hips. She had a lovely shape, not perfect but sexy. Her pubic hair, trimmed to a small, perfect arrow aimed directly over her luscious slit. Natalia laughed as she looked at that small pointer that just screamed -- 'Lick me, yes, lick me right here and don't stop'. Nothing on earth feels better than someone who really knows how to make her cum on their face. She lives for that.

She finished her assessment by slipping on her heels and looking at how they shape her long legs and her ass. She loved wearing her heels when she was naked. It made her feel so sexy. Her naked body looked so good. She was pleased. Natalia walked into the kitchen and poured a coffee. It was a gorgeous morning. She took her laptop and walked out to the pool. The sun felt good on her skin and she wanted to work on her tan. 

She logged onto her favorite video chat rooms looking to see which of her horny friends were online. This morning was slow and none of her friends were on. She did, however, find a new video and she started to watch. It was a hot video and Natalia started to play with herself as she watched. She laid down on the chaise and put her feet up. Her knees parted and her long manicured fingers began to caress her breasts and nipples. She watched intently and pulled her erect nipples wickedly. It felt so good and this movie kept getting hotter. She stroked her stomach then sank her hand between her legs. 

She ran her hands along her thighs and her pussy began to flow. It didn't take much to make this lovely lady wet. She knew it and she loved it. Her friends online also knew that she was a total sexual being. They loved her for that as well. The men adored her and the women craved her. All in all, life was good. This movie just kept getting hotter and her pussy was flowing like mad. She ran two fingers beside her long, sweet clit. It felt so good. She was blessed with a larger than average, sweetly hooded clit that just craved a hot tongue. She was usually disappointed as most guys, if they tried at all, only gave it a passing glance. The women were much more attentive and she had better orgasms with them. 

This movie, however, showed a guy licking a woman deliciously. Natalia wanted to be her. Her fingers began to stroke her own pussy wonderfully. Before long, she came with a crushing orgasm. She kept cumming as she wasn't finished stroking and pleasing herself. She loved being naked outside and when she could cum outside, it was always spectacular. She pinched her nipples and came again. Life was definitely good. 

She reached for her coffee and stopped dead when she saw him. A man was standing near the pool. He appeared to be Hispanic and he was fucking gorgeous. He stood about 6'2" and wore only a familiar bathing suit. Natalia recognized the suit as the ones the pool service guy wore. This wasn't Tuesday, it was Monday. Why was he here today? She knew he had seen everything. She knew it because he had one of the prettiest cocks she ever saw in his hand and he was stroking it. He appeared to be about twenty five or so and he had rock hard abs and terrific pecs. He was exactly what Natalia needed this morning.

It seemed that he was unaware that she had seen him until she called to him.

"Excuse me, why are you here today. You weren't supposed to be here until tomorrow?"

He slammed his hard cock into his bathing suit and began to stammer, "I am so sorry Miss. I really am. I had no idea that anyone would be home and I, uh I, I am so sorry senorita. Am I going to lose my job?"

"Why are you here today?"

"They changed all the schedules. I have this route now and I will be here on Mondays from now on, as long as I still have a job," he replied. 

"Come over here. Don't worry; you've seen me naked from a distance. I only get better the closer you are. What is your name?"

"My name is Jose."

"Jose, did you like what you saw? Obviously you did. I saw you stroking your cock. Has anyone told you that you have a very nice cock Jose?" she said as his bulge was becoming more apparent.

"Yes I did like what I saw. You are a very lovely woman. I really liked watching you." He replied.

"That is becoming more apparent. You have a nice cock Jose," She said as she reached into his trunks and wrapped her hand around his inflating organ. "Oh Jose, I want to see it up close. Can I Jose? Hmm can I?"

"Si."

Natalia pulled him from his suit and was surprised at not only its length but also its girth. This was a very decent cock attached to a very good looking man. She stroked his long cock and watched as he assessed her hot body too. She pulled him closer and kept stroking his very hard cock. She cupped his tight balls with one hand and stroked him with the other. 

"Jose, would you object if I put this between my hot, lips? I think I would really like to suck your cock, if you don't mind. Is that alright Jose?"

"Oh miss, yes, please."

Natalia licked the head of his cock and put the tip in her mouth. She held him there and looked up into his handsome face. She looked into his eyes and held her gaze as she took him in. The look on his face was one of complete joy. As his beautiful cock passed her sweet lips he began to swell. She teased him. Her tongue rode under his soft skin and began to lick him as she sucked him. Damn she was a talented girl. She held his balls as his cock hit the back of her mouth. Oh how she wanted all of his cock. She kept looking into his eyes as she opened her throat and took him inside. He watched as his cock disappeared and his balls rested on her lovely chin. 

She took her hands away and he began to fuck her face. Natalia began to rub her breasts. She tugged on her nipples as his cock deliciously invaded her lovely face. His strokes became stronger and she took him in sweetly. She loved the feel of this fine cock but she wanted more. 

She pulled him out of her mouth and bent him down to kiss her. He returned the kiss passionately. Jose's hand began to fondle her tits as their kiss lingered. Natalia's hand was stroking his hard shaft gently. Jose bent and kissed her right breast and then her left. His tongue felt so good on her taut nipples. He knew what he was doing and he was doing it very well. The thought that he had seen her masturbating had her so turned on. Now this hot Latin was sweetly kissing her flat tummy and she was so fucking horny. 

Jose's lips kissed down and onto her pussy. He licked and sucked her puffy lips. Natalia loved the feeling. She was pleased that Jose seemed to know what he was doing. His mouth covered the hood of Natalia's clit as he took her long clit in his mouth. His upper lip stroked the hood while his tongue caressed the sweet underside of her clit. Natalia went wild. This man was fantastic. He continued and she felt a large climax building. Natalia went wild. She felt his hands caressing her tits as he brought her to the brink. Her stomach tightened, her breath slowed and her legs began to quiver. Jose's mouth and tongue continued and she screamed as this massive orgasm overtook her. She rocked and rolled on his face and Jose kept the pace. She came again and again. He kept sucking and she kept cumming. Natalia squeezed her legs around him and came again. 

Jose took his lips from her clit and slid up to kiss her nipples. Natalia felt his cock glide along her luscious pink pussy. He positioned his cock at the entrance to her silky sleeve. He gazed into her eyes as his strong manhood entered her hot, greedy pussy. His cock felt so good. He began to move inside her and she simply adored the feel of this fine man. The tightness of her pussy and the strength of his thrusts had her cumming again and again. What she wanted, she got. His cock picked up speed and he gave her the fucking of her life. She wrapped her legs around his waist and rode him through many massive orgasms.

"Fuck my pussy baby, oh yes, that feels so good. I love your cock, fuck me baby. Oh, oh yes that feels so good. Oh yes, I love this, I can't stop cumming, fuck, oh fuck, oh yes, Fuck Me!"

Jose felt her massive orgasms and he was not yet finished. He pulled his hard shaft from her and dove back into her sweet pussy. He licked her and held her legs wide. His tongue slipped between her cheeks and he rimmed her tight sweet asshole. Natalia moaned ever so loudly when Jose flattened his tongue and brought it fully across her puckered tight hole. She felt him do it again and then his tongue began to poke into her.

"Oh dear me, Oh yes, I love your tongue. Oh that feels so good Jose, mmm, yes!"

He turned her over and brought her to her knees. His cock slid into her still twitching pussy and he stroked several times. He brought the head of his cock to her tight hole and pressed it in. He was gentle and he gave her the time to adjust. He caressed her clit with his fingers until she was ready. Jose pushed against her tight ring and she opened for him. Slowly he began to sink in. Natalia was moaning and shrieking wildly as his cock became buried deep inside her. She loved it. She relished it. She couldn't get enough of this man. 

Jose began to move as her tight ass gripped his hard shaft. He began to fuck Natalia's ass harder and she began to feel such a different feeling. This wasn't just her pussy cumming. Her entire body began to spasm. Natalia was shaking and cumming, cumming and shaking and it would not stop. His body filled her completely and he drove into her relentlessly. Natalia had never experienced an orgasm like this in her life. Jose knew he was going to explode soon. He pulled out of Natalia and he brought his cock to her lips. 

She attacked his cock hungrily and swallowed him fully. Jose fucked her face wildly and Natalia wanted more. He slammed into her lips repeatedly, deeply with lightning speed. He felt it begin and pulled out. Natalia opened her mouth and held his cock in her hands. She felt it swell and licked the head. The sensation she felt as the flood slid down his cock was amazing. Her eyes were fixed on the head of his cock. She watched the first glorious stream shoot from his fabulous dick. She felt every spurt, she saw it cumming at her. She tried to catch as much as she could in hungry mouth. He kept cumming, more than she had ever seen. Sticky, sweet, glorious cum dripped from Natalia's face, hair, tits and teeth. She was so happy. 

He picked her up and walked her to the edge of the pool. They dove in, hugged and kissed some more. He entered her and fucked her sweetly again. 

She was so glad they had changed the day that they cleaned the pool.

Tuesday morning came and Natalia dressed before heading to the spa. It was an upscale place with lots of very sexy customers. The money was terrible but the tips were excellent. She couldn't survive without them. She looked at her reflection in the mirror and smiled. She was hot and she knew it. The short white skirt looked good against her tanned legs. Her white heels made her ass look, shall we say, delicious. The company tee shirt hugged her breasts and accentuated her curves exactly. Her nipples popped as she thought back to yesterday. She was going to have to quit thinking about that or her nipples would be hard all day. That was not necessarily a bad thing. Hard nipples usually brought larger tips. She giggled at that thought. Fuck, she was horny and it wasn't going away.

As she drove to the spa, she wondered exactly how long it would be before her boss; Pam would see how horny she was. One night, while they were enjoying after dinner drinks at the bar next door, Pam and Natalia had become friends. Pam was a forty six year old divorcee who was tired of being alone. Natalia had told her that she was surprised to hear her say that. Pam was a striking redhead with a great body. She told Natalia that she had tried the bar scene but found that to be a disaster. The last thing she wanted was a bunch of cheating husbands hitting on her. She told her that she was online and had met a few men but that she got bored easily. She was more of a visual person. She admitted that she loved porn. It helped her satisfy her bisexual cravings. Natalia listened and they drank. By the end of the night, Pam knew that Natalia was highly bisexual and that she frequented a porn/chat website. She gave her the address and told her to meet her online. Pam enjoyed it. She could watch porn and chat with hot men and women. Ultimately, she and Natalia became occasional lovers. Yes, life was good for Natalia.

Natalia walked through the door and smiled at Jill, the receptionist. Jill had just turned twenty. She was a short honey blonde with a fantastic smile. When she smiled, she lit up a room. Natalia had learned that Jill took this job because she loved being around sexy people, even if she didn't feel sexy herself at all. Jill had small boobs and she felt guys only wanted big ones. Natalia tried to tell her she was wrong but it was a hard sell. Jill had confided that she really, really liked men but had had more experience with women. Natalia was trying to help her out on the men front.

"Good morning Natalia. How was your weekend?" Jill asked as she walked in the door.

"I had a great weekend thanks, you?" Natalia asked.

"Same old shit. It was boring as hell. Oh well, maybe someday it will change," she said as her smile faded.

"I know it will, Jill, I know it will."

Natalia walked into the spa and Pam motioned her into the office. "Hiya. Where were you on Monday? You were very late getting online. Did you get lucky on Sunday or what? I want details girl, all the delicious, wet, horny details."

"Why do you think I got lucky? I know you. You're just another horny redhead who wants to lick my pussy. Now you tell me exactly why you think I got lucky," Natalia smirked.

Pam got up and closed her office door. She turned and looked at Natalia wickedly. "How do I know, your sweet nipples preceded your entrance into my office a full minute before your ass did. Look at you. Fuck girl. Look at your nipples."

Natalia looked down and laughed, "I have tried to get them to go down but yesterday was pretty special."

"You sit your pretty ass down here on the sofa and tell me all about it," Pam said as she held Natalia and kissed her lovely lips. She rubbed her back and her ass. Pam's hands lifted her short skirt and gently pulled her panties down. Natalia kicked them aside and sat down. Pam knelt and began kissing her thighs. "Tell me; oh tell me all the details. I have been so horny all weekend and didn't have anything to lick or fuck."

"Ut oh, who were you chatting with? I bet I know. I've only seen him in action once and it was hot. Am I right?" Natalia laughed.

"Oh it's okay if you won't occupy his time, which leaves him free for the rest of us. Now, details," she said as her lips began to lick Natalia wonderfully. 

Natalia gave her all the wonderful sexy details of her chance encounter with Jose. It apparently turned Pam on greatly and she licked and sucked with abandon. When she told her about his perfectly carved cock, Pam went wild. She then told her that he was without a doubt the best pussy licking man she had ever encountered, Pam came right then and there. Natalia told her how he fucked her deliciously and she came hard on Pam's soft tongue. Pam licked her viciously as she learned that Jose had had broadly licked her ass and then tongue fucked her tight hole. The both of them were cumming wildly as Natalia described in minute detail how he fucked her tight asshole and the total body orgasm that brought her. Pam screamed into her pussy when Natalia told her that he had taken his cock from her ass and fucked her face then came in her mouth, on her hair, face and tits.

"You lucky bitch! I should bite your clit right off. I wish I could get that lucky," Pam said as she looked up, her face was soaked and her makeup definitely fucked up. "Damn, I am soaked myself."

"Here baby, let me help you with that," Natalia said as she licked her lips wickedly.

"No hon, you have an appointment in room seven. I'll take care of it myself." Pam laughed as she hit the intercom. "Jill can I see you for a moment please." Natalia laughed as she watched Pam sit down on the sofa and smile.

Jill came in with a bright smile as Natalia left to head to room seven. She looked at the schedule and laughed when she saw the name of who was inside. 

Natalia was not a masseuse. She didn't have the training. Even if she did want that, she sure didn't want to be like the one that worked here. The 'thing', most of us called her. She was the most asexual person any of them had ever seen. No one could pronounce her name. She was from Wales and there were so many letters in her name that it was just impossible. 

Natalia was responsible for aroma therapy and oil rubs and hot rock therapy basically. After the massage, clients would spend an hour soaking in beautiful sensations in total luxury.

Natalia flashed back to her first encounter with Tom. He had completed his massage and when she walked into the room, he was asleep on the table. This happens a lot after the 'thing' is finished with them. Natalia was quiet as she lit the various scents and began to warm the oil and the rocks. The rocks were her favorite as their warmth soothed and relaxed the muscles. 

She looked at Tom as he slept. He was in his late thirties and very nicely put together. He was on his back and covered with only a small thin towel. She couldn't take her eyes off the towel. Under that towel, right there, lying on his flat stomach was a long, lovely impression of a nice thick cock. Natalia couldn't resist. She had to sneak a peek. She gently lifted the towel and saw a glorious, long cock. Her mouth watered instantly. Her mind raced as she thought so many nasty thoughts of the wonderful things she would do with it, if only she had the chance. She carefully put the towel back in place and turned to check the oil.

"Did you like what you saw?" Tom asked.

Natalia was busted. This was going to cost her this job. There was only one thing to say, "Yes sir, I did. You have a very impressive piece of equipment there. Very, very nice." 
