 As I looked in the rear-view mirror to apply lip gloss, my stomach fluttered in anticipation. We had been talking about meeting in person since we met online over a year ago. It had taken this long for it to become a possibility. After I had moved from the city 6 months ago, I never thought it would happen. He was in my area for a business meeting and had asked if I wanted to meet for a late lunch. Initially I had jumped at the idea of getting to finally see the face that so many of my fantasies had been based on, but now my stomach was full of butterflies.

When I entered the nearly empty restaurant, I could see him smiling across the room in a dark corner. I couldn't help but return his grin with one of my own. Walking across the floor towards him, I looked in appreciation at the handsome man I was finally meeting. 

He stood from his chair and held his hand out in welcome as I came closer. My small hands were engulfed in his as he pulled me into a close hug. I held on tight as I took in the smell of his cologne. His hands stroked up and down my back and came to rest lightly at the top of my ass. His touch caused a sudden rush of warmth between my thighs as memories of all our sexual teasing came to mind.

I broke the hug before I could make a fool of myself by mauling him in public. My hormones hadn't been kicked into overdrive like this in a long time. I stepped away and sat in my chair as the waitress came over to take our drink order. 

After she left our table, I noticed that our two chairs had been moved so close together that our shoulders almost touched. My hands shook nervously as I tried to read the menu and not let him catch me sneaking glances at him out of the corner of my eye. 

"See anything that interests you? I can see you watching me."

With a small giggle, I let go of my nervousness and allowed my gaze to meet his straight on and lightly licked my lips. "I don't see anything tall, dark and handsome offered here."

His eyes darkened in response to my innuendo and a light laugh fell from his lips. "Maybe that's on the dessert menu."

After the waitress returned with our drinks and left to turn in our food order, we fell into easy conversation. We talked about work and our lives and past relationships. We made apologies for missed meeting and failed dates. At some time, the waitress had delivered our food but it lay untouched as we talked.

I noticed at some point his hand had come to rest on my leg and was drawing circles around and around on my thigh. With each circle, his fingers dipped further down between my closed thighs. 

I shifted in my chair so that my legs fell open to his wondering hands. His dark gaze held mine as he worked up the material of my skirt so that his warm skin lay upon mine. A quick glance around the restaurant showed that we were the only patrons left and the wait staff was busy chatting at the bar on the other side of the room.

He smiled in appreciation when his fingers found wetness without the barrier of panties. As he penetrated the folds of my pussy, I let out a low moan and slipped further down in my chair. 

He used his other hand to place mine on top of the hardness inside his pants. His fingers explored the wet warmth between my legs as I gently massaged his hard on. 

My eyes closed as he flicked my swollen clit back and forth. He fingers delved deeper and I could barely contain my gasp as they slipped inside my tight pussy. He pumped 2 fingers in and out as his thumb played with my aching clit. I began to squirm in my chair as struggled to maintain composure. OMG! I was going to cum in the middle of a restaurant!

A loud laugh from across the room broke our intimate moment. I quickly sat up and rearranged my skirt. My shaking hands reached for my drink. I was unable to hold onto the slippery glass as it crashed to the table, spilling water into my lap. Flustered, I excused myself to the restroom at the waitress appeared to clean up my mess.

Inside the bathroom, I barely recognized myself in the mirror. My cheeks were flushed and my eyes were glassy with desire. After ringing out as much of the water from my skirt as I could, I dampened a paper towel and washed my hot face. I leaned my forehead against the cool mirror as I drew in ragged breaths.

The sound of the opening door caused me to jump back. I saw the man who caused my current condition walk into the room and lean against the closed door. 

With no hesitation, I hungrily moved towards him. My lips found his as he pulled up my shirt and stared at my breasts covered in pink cotton. He scooped one breast out and suckled at the nipple as I reached for his belt with one hand and locked the door with the other. I dropped to my knees in front of him while pulling his pants and underwear down his legs. 

His cock popped free and bobbed in front of my face. I closed my lips around his shaft and held onto his ass as I began to worship his cock. He wrapped his hands in my hair, using them to set my tempo. I could feel his cock harden and his balls twitch. Before he could cum, he pulled me to my feet and pushed me towards the sink. 

He bent me over the sink as he pulled up my skirt. He rubbed his hands over my ass before gracing it with a stinging slap. I growled deep in my throat as I pushed my exposed pussy against his pulsing cock. He laughed at my impertinence. 

He pushed me back down low and slid deep inside of me. I glanced up into the mirror in front of me as he pounded into me. His eyes were closed and sweat was beading on his forehead but I had never seen anything sexier. 

My moans of pleasure urged him harder and deeper as I held on for dear life. I could feel my own orgasm coming when he dug his fingers into my hips and opened his eyes and met mine in the mirror.

"Please," I begged. "Don't stop."

He reached around and with a few quick flicks of his long fingers had me shooting over the edge. I could feel my muscles clenching around his cock, fueling his own release and milking him as his hot cum shot into me as I quivered in pleasure. 

He tightened his hold on me as we both tried to catch our breath. His now soft cock slipped out of my dripping pussy with a soft plop. I could feel our combined juices running down my leg and smiled in pleasure.

After pulling my skirt back down to cover me and straightening his own clothes, he leaned over me and whispered in my ear, "Thanks for dessert!"