 I had a pretty awesome group of friends when I was in my early 20s but Matt was by far my best friend. We were always together, chased girls together, hung out at the nudie bar. We always had each other's backs. We did some wild shit together. But one night I did something that I shouldn't have and I've been ashamed of myself ever since. I have never told anyone this story so hopefully this will help me get this off my chest.

It was his 21st birthday party. I had turned 21 the year before and Matt got me totally wasted then laid by a couple of MILFs that lived in his apartment complex. He had a way with women that I never had. They were drawn to him. I could never figure it out. At the time of his party he was dating Lara, a smoking hot 28 year old. Lara and I got along great and always flirted back and forth but she made it clear that there would be no freaky sex for Matt after his party. Our plan was to take him to our favorite bar and get him wasted then Matt and Lara would go home having their own version of freaky sex. I wasn't dating anyone at the time so I was hoping to hook up at the party.

I was stuck at work for a while so I got to the party late. It was just as well because I was going to limit my alcohol intake so I could make sure the party went off without a hitch. By the time I got there Matt was already pretty drunk which actually surprised me because it was so early. There was no way he would make it into the night at the rate he was going. And I was right because at one point we couldn't find him. We looked everywhere and eventually found him out behind the bar sitting in a pool of his own vomit. It wasn't pretty.

So you all know the routine, we called a cab and brought him home. I went with Matt and Lara to help her carry him in and get him into bed. Lara was also pretty toasted and I was quite buzzed but we managed to get him inside, stripped down and showered. I let Lara shower him and I stood outside the bathroom door just in case she needed me. We got him into some shorts then into bed.

It was still pretty early for us. We had planned to be out until the bar closed then party at a friend's house. Matt usually held his liquor pretty well but I think it was just too much too fast with everyone buying him shots and what not. In any case, he was home safe and I was going to call for a cab but Lara stopped me. She wanted me to hang in case Matt got sick again. I happily agreed. She was a great girl, better than the easy sluts we usually picked up. She was a little short but had an amazing body. Great shape, great legs, nice full tits, probably a large b cup. She worked out regularly and was well toned. Her face was stunning with piercing blue/green eyes and black shoulder length hair and full lips. Like I said, a far classier lady than we usually dated and a super sweet girl.

So we decided to order a pizza and just have our own little party. It wasn't the first time we had done this though it had never been just Lara and me. Usually Matt was around or whoever I was dating. But it wasn't unusual for us to party on. We did a few shots and drank a beer or two before the pizza guy even showed up. We had a little something to eat and drank some more. Lara went to the bathroom at one point and she came out wearing Matt's shirt, a blue button down dress shirt, and nothing else. Again, this wasn't unusual as I had seen her like this before. Lara could definitely hold her liquor and we had a blast drinking, and goofing off, even dancing a little. As the night went on we eventually ended up in front of the TV watching some bad movie. We were sitting next to each other on the couch and by this point I was down to my boxers and a t-shirt.

At some point we fell into a drunken slumber. I woke up when I felt something on my cock. I was now laying on my back on the couch with Lara on my side between me and the back of the couch. Her head was on my chest and her hand was down my shorts slowly my stroking my cock! For the first few minutes I didn't know where I was or even that it was Lara laying on me and I really didn't care as I felt my cock getting harder in her hand. By the time I figured out what was happening she had pushed my boxers down and was licking the head of my cock.

I know I should have done something, stopped her and put an end to this but I was frozen as I debated my next move, all the while she took more and more of my cock in her mouth. Her tongue was fantastic as she twisted her head around my shaft driving my crazy with her velvety mouth. She pushed my shorts down past my knees and was now rubbing my balls as she blew me. I wanted to stop her but I couldn't. I just laid there and allowed her to suck me.

Before long she crawled up and straddled me, her back facing me. She didn't put my cock in her pussy right away. She was just gliding her slit along my cock and her hand rubbing my balls. She was so wet and it felt so incredibly good. She rose up and took my cock in her hand then slowly lowered herself on it. She was so hot and wet and super tight. I could hear her breathing getting louder and she slowly got more of me inside her. It was like she was moving in slow motion as she finally bottomed out. She peeled off the shirt and tossed it onto the floor.

"Mmmnnnnn" I heard her moan. She began riding me, slowly at first but picking up the pace as she went. I finally reached out and put my hands on her hips to guide her. She looked back at me over her left shoulder but never stops riding me. She did me like this for a few minutes before she spun around so she was facing me.

She took my hands and put them on her tits. They were so firm and her nipples were amazingly hard. She had her eyes closed and her lips parted slightly as she rode me. "Ohhhh Matt...mmmm" she said. "Oh shit", I thought. She thinks she's fucking Matt. I thought for sure as soon as she opened her eyes she'd freak out but I'm not sure she ever did. Her pace quickened, of course, and eventually she fell on top of me burying her face in my neck. I grabbed that tight ass of hers and started fucking her from the bottom as hard as I could. I knew she was close to cumming and sure enough her body tensed up and she buried her face in my neck as she screamed in orgasm.

Her body slowed and eventually she was just laying on me, panting, her hot breath drove me nuts as it went across my neck. My cock still inside her, I couldn't take it anymore! I flipped her over and began fucking her. Looking down at her as I fucked her I was amazed at her body, her flat stomach, her shaved pussy, and her beautiful bouncing tits. As I thrust in her she would grunt, "Ung, ung, ung". Her pussy felt so good, so hot and slippery. I was fucking her as hard as I could when I noticed she had her hands on my ass and was fucking me from the bottom! I looked at her face and realized she was looking right at me! That few seconds of eye contact pushed me over the edge and I came, my eyes rolled back and my body tensed up as I gave her one last thrust and buried my cock to the hilt inside her, filling her with my load. "Fuck me baby, yeah, mmnnnn, ung, ung, ung" she said.

I collapsed onto the couch, to her right between her and the back of the couch. I looked at her. She was sweaty and her eyes were closed as she fell asleep. Her body glowed with our sweat. I dozed off soon after.

A few hours later I got up to take a leak. Most of the alcohol had worn off and I realized what I did. I couldn't believe it. For sure I just lost my best friend. I covered Lara with the blue shirt and then covered her with a blanket. I found my shorts and went to the bathroom to take a piss. I grabbed a blanket and crashed on the love seat across from the couch Lara was sleeping on.

Morning came. I knew from the bright sun shining in my face as I tried to sleep off my hangover. Lara was up, cheerful as usual, making breakfast in the blue shirt. The house was filled with the heavenly scent of french toast and coffee. I got up and made myself a cup of coffee. I wished Lara a good morning.

"Good morning", she answered cheerfully. "Did you sleep well?"

"Not bad", I replied. "Can't complain." She didn't say a word about the night before. She acted just like she always had when I slept over. I sipped my coffee and though "she had to know something happened when she woke up naked". But she didn't say a word. Nothing.

"Ohhhhh. My head is killing me. What the fuck?" Matt was up. Lara sat him down at the table and got him a glass of water and some coffee. He looked like shit. I waited for the ball to drop but she didn't say anything. Maybe she really thought she was fucking Matt last night.

And that was it. She never said a word to me about it and if she told Matt, he never mentioned it to me. They dated for maybe another 6 months before breaking up, which was one of Matt's longest relationships. I ran into Lara a few times after that and we talked on the phone a few times, I even considered asking her out- I even had Matt's blessing! But I never did and she never mentioned that night. Matt and I remained best friends for years and picked up many girls after the Lara era. In fact we still get together from time to time. I've just never felt right about the whole thing. I've never told anyone about this and kept it bottled up inside for the past 20 years. I feel better now that I have gotten it off my chest.