 There was no doubt in Maggie's mind now. She needed to do it. As much as she knew it would ruin her marriage if her husband ever found out, there was a burning inside her now for Randal that could only be quinshed by the forbidden. 

Maggie never thought of herself as a seductress, But there was something about Randal that was bringing out the worst (or the best, depending on how you look at it) in her. He had all ready inspired her to masturbate on the side of a busy highway, God knows what else he would inspire her to do if she didn't go for it.

She had been making plans on how she could get him alone. But one summer day, Mother nature took of that for her.

"Does anyone know if it's going to rain all day?", Maggie asked her co workers. She had just walked into the room, and had no idea Randal was around the corner.

"I think it is", Pete responded from the desk. 

"Damn, I forgot my umbrella out in my car

"Where are you headed?", Randal asked from around the corner. Maggie felt her heart skip a beat on the sound of his voice.

"To lunch.", she repled. He stepped out holding his umbrella by his side.

"It just so happens I am headed out that way too. Want a little shelter?", he joked, opening his umbrella up.

"Well thank you, kind sir. I would love to, I mean that sounds nice", she flashed an embarrased smile as he nodded. They left the room together.

It was raining in buckets. Maggie and Randal quickly avoided puddles as they made their way to the cafeteria. Maggie wasn't sure if it was planned or not, but they kept bumping into each other. She wasn't complaining. Between being under a close area with him and contact with him, the ground from the rain wasn't the only area becoming wet. As they walked, they talked a little. Maggie could definitely tell he was flirting with her. She liked it. With every joke he told, she smiled or laughed.

"Definitely looks like it's raining harder now, don't you think?", Maggie said.

"Oh yeah. I agree", he smiled at her. Maggie wasn't sure if it was the close proximity to him, or the dampness of the rain that was making her nipples hard. She figured it was both.

"You go on to lunch. I'll meet you there. I'm going to run to my car to get my umbrella." She said.

"And leave you to get wet? I don't think so. I'm not that hungry anyway". Maggie laughed at that, seeing how Randal had no idea just how wet she all ready was.

"Are you sure? I don't mind if you want to get a bite to eat?", she wasn't expecting that reaction from him. She was just planning on going to her car, getting her umbrella, and dropping her panties to the floor to take care of some business. 


"Of course. Besides, it looks like it's going to rain even harder soon. I don't want you getting caught out there". Maggie thought nothing of it. She thought it was just another nice deed from him. She enjoyed his company anyway, and was surprised to walk her across property to get her umbrella.

The walk to her car was a good fifteen minutes. They talked more, barely making mention of her husband. There was more brief contact, mostly in their hands. By the time they walked to her car, the storm had gotten heavier.

"Maybe we should wait out the storm a while in here? It beats getting soaked on the way back", Maggie suggested. She had no ulterior motive.

"I guess we have some time to kill. Good idea". Quickly she unlocked her door and climbed in. She moved to the passenger side as he closed the umbrella and slid in next to her. "There, much better", he smiled. She was getting more turned on by his smile. She noticed the way his wet shirt clung to his chest. Maggie looked down, satisfyed that her hard nipples weren't showing. There was an awkward silence now as they looked at each other.

"Maybe some music would help?"

"Okay."

Maggie reached over the front seat for the ignition, sliding the key in the hole. She turned on the radio. Commercial after commercial on every station. She wiggled forward to change the station, then realized her ass must be right in his face. Maggie turned all kinds of red. She found the first station playing anything that sounded like real music before returning to the back seat. When she did, she caught his glance checking her out. It was at that moment she realized she wasn't alone in these desires. Quickly she glanced at his black slacks to find an impressive buldge. She felt his hand touch her cheek, raising her eye level to his. He knew she was married, but at this point it didn't seem to matter to either one of them. He leaned closer and kissed Maggie. She responded eagerly with her tongue. 

Randal pressed his wet body against hers as they kissed passionately. Quickly she took hold of his hand and guided it under her shirt. He squeezed her bra covered breasts tight in his hands. With her deep Southern accent, Maggie moaned for him. It sounded to him what it sounded like in his head for all the fantasies he had about her. But now, this was no fantasy. This was reality. His hands squeezed her full breasts under her shirt as he tongue kissed her like he always wanted to. Maggie's hands slid down his chest and belly. She unzipped his pants and began to stroke his cock. She knew it was wrong, but couldn't help herself. She tried to blame it on her husband again in her mind, but he was the furthest thing from her mind.

Maggie got so caught up in the moment that she had forgotten they were on break. She glanced at her watch. Damnit, they only had twenty minutes before they had to be back at work. She pulled his cock out of his pants.

"We don't have much time, but there is something I have been dying to do for the past few weeks now", she whispered as she lowered herself to her knees, in between his legs. She glanced up to him with a devilish grin on her face. He simply nodded his head forward once and closed his eyes. Maggie's open mouth desceneded to his cock. At first she gently kissed the head, placing soft kisses around his member. Randal moaned softly. She kissed his shaft, barely using her tongue, mostly lips on him as she fondled his balls. Finally, she couldn't resist any longer. She took his cock deep in her mouth, her face bobbing up and down.

Randal looked down at her. Her eyes were now closed as she sucked on his cock. He pushed a piece of her hair that was covering her face. He wanted to see this. Maggie continued bobbing her head up and down his shaft, deep throating his cock now. Randal slid his fingers through her hair as she moaned around his cock. Randal looked down at her. Maggie's entire attention was on his member, sliding her tongue across him. He started breathing heavy, watching her lips wrapped around him.

"Oh God, Maggie. I'm going to cum", he stuttered, barely able to contain his orgasm long enough. She closed her eyes and felt his cum explode in the back of her throat, sucking on his cock until the last drop. Maggie licked the cum off his cock, cleaning him up. She looked up at him, exhausted as he slumped down in the chair. She slid her hand up his chest. His eyes opened as he smiled down at her. Together they looked at the clock and realized they were both going to be late. Randal slid his boxers and pants on. 

Maggie looked out the window and saw that it wasn't raining as hard. Together they exited the car and went back to work. She could taste him in the back of her throat the rest of the day. She had to fight the urge to take him into the bathroom for some more action.

She was now feeling guilty, Maggie knew she had done a bad thing. As great as it felt to act out her desire, she kneit was wrong. If it was any consolation to her though, it was only a blow job. She sucked his cock, but they didn't have sex. Would that be enough to control her desire for Randal?