  If you do not like cheating story, don't read this. 

"Randal? We need to talk", Maggie said. It had been a few weeks since the encounter in Randal's living room. They had managed to control themselves since, minus the occasional extra smile or grin. 

"What's up?", Randal asked his eyes glanced down at her body, being covered by a shirt that just weeks ago was tossed to the side of his couch.

"I think he knows", she whispered. Randal, who was eating a candy bar almost choked as the words escaped her mouth.

"What? Why do you think that?", he asked, looking around the empty break room.

"This isn't a good place to talk about it. He's working late tonight. Do you think you can stop by?"

"Are you sure that's such a great idea, Maggie?", he asked her with concern in his voice.

"Don't worry about it. He won't be home till late". She wrote her address on a piece of paper and slid it across the table. She shook her head in disbelief as she exited out the room. Randal took a second, staring down at the address. He was nervous for the rest of the day. What if he did know? There would be no possible way her husband would understand. And he was much taller then Randal. He was preoccupied to say the least for the rest of the day. 

Randal watched as Maggie went home. He didn't know what was going to happen that night, but he figured whatever it was, it wasn't going to be good!

Randal's car slowly pulled up outside the apartment. He looked and saw Maggie's car in the parking lot, the spaces next to her were empty. That was a good sign atleast. He looked at the apartment number on the piece of paper and went into the right building. As he walked down the hallway, he could feel his heart pounding. He found the apartment and knocked softly on it. No answer. He knocked a second time. He heard a faint call "I'm coming". It sounded like Maggie. He waited in the hallway. Everytime he heard footsteps, he got nervous. Finally the door opened and Maggie stood there.

"I'm glad you could make it", Maggie said. "Come on in". Randal walked into the apartment as she closed the door.

"So why do you think he knows?," Randal asked as he sat on the couch. 

"It's just a hunch, that's all. He's been acting all strange around me", she turned to face away from him.

"I'm sorry, Maggie.", he said. He wasn't sure if she was crying.

"It's not your fault, I started it. I came on to you in that car that day. I came over that night with the sole purpose of you.... doing what you did to me", she said as she turned back to him. He pulled her against his shoulder as he saw a tear in her eye. He wiped it from her as she nuzzled against his shoulder.

"But I could have stopped you. I knew you were married and...", he tried consoling her but Maggie cut him off.

"I didn't want you too. It's not your problem I'm married, it's mine. And it's his fault, all his fault. He told me you were flirting with me, and I never noticed it before. Not until he said something. I didn't believe him at first, then I started thinking about you. And I couldn't stop thinking about you", Maggie started inching closer to him, her words becoming softer. They caught each other's eyes. "Driving home I would have to stop the car so I could masturbate, thinking about you in ways I know I shouldn't. That's how much the thought of you got to me. When we were in my car, and I saw you staring at my ass, I knew you wanted it too. I would have let you fuck me in the car that day. I knew I had to feel you deep inside me after that."

They couldn't help what happened next. Maggie's story got them both all heated up all over again. They knew it was unwise, but the closeness of the couch erupted into a fiery kiss with Maggie climbing on Randal's lap.

"Is it so wrong that I want to feel your hard cock in me?"", she moaned as she bit down on his lower lip. She traced her finger down his chest to the bulge in his jeans. "And judging by the size, I can tell you want it inside me". Maggie grasped his cock in her hands as she unzipped his pants, feeling his hot breath on her neck.

"It is wrong. It is so wrong, but I want it as bad as you do, Maggie. I've wanted to fuck you for so long, and I'm not just going to stop after once", he replied. Her hands slipped from his cock to lift her shirt enough for his hands to slide under. He grabbed her breasts, squeezing tightly in his hands as he licked her ear. She pulled the shirt completely off her chest, tossing it across the room. Randal pulled her tits out from under her bra.

"Then do it. Fuck me, Randal. Fuck me in my husband's bed!", she screamed.

"That's so bad, Maggie. So fucking bad". Randal picked her up in his arms and carried her down the hallway. He threw her on the bed. Maggie pushed her jeans down, kicking off her jeans and panties as she watched Randal take off his shirt. He tossed the shirt to her. She took a sniff of it. It smelled like Randal. She took the shirt and rubbed it against her bare pussy, getting some of her wetness on the cloth. 

"Fuck me, Randal!", she cried out as she slipped her fingers into her pussy. Randal dropped his boxers and his cock sprung out. Maggie leaned forward, pulling her nipple into her mouth and licked it with her tongue

"When was the last time he fucked you in this bed?", he whispered, excited as her hands became wet with her cum.

"Last night. He fucked me last night. What are you waiting for?". Maggie became impatient as she crawled towards him. He pushed her back onto the bed. 

Randal grabbed her legs and forced them open. Maggie moaned in delight as she felt his body climb on her. She craned her neck forward, waiting to feel him back inside her. Her breathing was heavy now, her breasts bounced with each breath in anticipation.

"If I was your husband, I'd fuck you every morning, every night", he responded as he teased her pussy with his cock, rubbing it against her, but not entering her.

"Here's your chance", she kissed him deeply, sucking his tongue deep into her mouth. Randal thrusted forward, impaling her on his cock. There was no soft movements. He began pushing into her faster. Maggie's body reacted, moving under him with the same speed. He groped her breasts, squeezing and pinching hard in his hand. Maggie moaned at his attention to her breasts.

The bed cracked against the wall as he pushed into her. He began fucking her harder, listening to her muffled moans. Maggie lifted her legs into the air as he filled her harder. 

She felt him deep inside her, hard for her body. He kissed her deeper then her husband had in quite some time. Maggie felt so bad under him, fucking another man in her husband's bed. Yet, she felt so alive to have his cock inside her. Her pussy was soaked with excitement as he pushed harder into her. She licked his mouth and face. She was slowly going over the edge.

"I'm going to cum, Randal", she moaned.

"Then do it. Cum for me. I want you to cum while I fuck you!", he screamed as the bed continued to smack into the wall. He was pounding into Maggie's body. 

He palmed her tit tight in his hand as Maggie came, moaning into his ear. "I'm cumming!!!", her body shook, her breasts jiggling against her chest.

Randal kept moving into her. He felt the rush of wetness against his cock as he thrust it inside her. Maggie kissed him again, feeling his weight crashing down on her. She felt him deep inside her. 

Randal grabbed her breast, lifting it to his mouth as he slowed his movements. He licked around her hard nipple, sucking it into his mouth. Maggie began pushing him harder.

"Don't stop, Randal. Don't stop until you cum inside me", she moaned. When the words left his mouth, Randal began thrusting harder into her. The room filled with moaning and the sounds of the bed squeaking, and banging into the wall. He fucked her like she was a fantasy, but she wasn't. She was really there in her bed, begging for his cum.

Finally, he couldn't help it. He felt his body tense as Maggie pushed him harder. Finally he exploded into her, filling her pussy with his cum. He collapsed against her, face first into her tits. Slowly he eased off her. Maggie slid her hand down his chest, down his belly to his softening cock. She wrapped her fingers around his shaft, collecting some of the juices off of it.

She glanced up at him as she slid her fingers through her mouth. She swallowed with a smile. "Damn, baby. We taste good together". Maggie smeared her fingers against her breasts, inviting him to lick them. He sucked her nipples. Maggie held his face against her chest as she felt his tongue licking their juices off her.

"You're right, baby. We do taste good together," he responded as he leaned forward to kiss her passionately again. Their tongues tangled together.

Maggie looked at the clock. "Oh shit! I hate to say this, but my husband is going to be home soon!".

Randal's eyes almost bugged out of his head. He quickly gathered his clothes, and kissed her one last time, fighting the urge to crawl back into bed with her.

Maggie watched as he exited the building from her window. She could still feel his cum inside her pussy. She wanted him to stay, but knew he couldn't. She lay back in the bed where they just fucked and began playing with her pussy again. And that's when He walked in....