 The Affair: The Conclusion 

When Teri awoke the next morning, she could smell the heavy scent of coffee in the air. She didn’t have to look beside her to know that Bill had already gotten up. In spite of Bill being out late last night, he was an early riser out of habit. Teri blinked her eyes trying to blink away her exhaustion. She had cried herself to sleep last night, emotionally distraught and physically spent from all of the sex that she had enjoyed the previous day. She still didn’t have any idea of how she was going to handle the predicament that she had gotten herself into or how she was going to face bill this morning, but she tried to put it out of her mind as she stretched and got out of bed.

She dressed quickly and came downstairs to join her husband who was seated in the kitchen reading the newspaper and munching on a piece of toast.

“Why didn’t you wake me?” She asked.

“”You were resting so peacefully and you looked like you needed your sleep.” Bill said looking up from his paper to smile at his beautiful wife. Bill noticed the bags under Teri’s eyes. “Are you okay?”

“I’m just a little tired.” She answered. She didn’t know what else to say to him. What could she tell him? That while he was out seeing an old buddy last night, she was out sleeping around on him?!

“What time did you come in last night?” She didn’t know why she asked that question. She didn’t really care to hear how late he was out. It was more of a conditioned question that she always asked of him whenever he was out with Dean.

“It was late. We closed the pub and then stood in the parking lot and talked for a while.”

They didn’t get a chance to talk any further as the phone rang. Teri was glad for the interruption. It was Dean saying good morning and that he was planning on taking the kids out bowling after lunch so that they could spend the morning and afternoon together. He said that he’d have them home in time for supper.

Teri poured herself a cup of coffee and then went about making breakfast for the two of them. Bill returned to reading the paper. He so seldom had the time or the peace and quiet to sit and read the Sunday paper. Usually he was playing referee for one of the boys’ arguments or rushing out the door for the station.

They sat in silence and ate their breakfast. After breakfast was over, Bill offered to do the dishes. He suggested to Teri to go and read a book or take a nice bubble bath, or go and do something else that she doesn’t have a chance to do with the boys home.

Teri decided that she would try to take her mind off of things if only for a little bit and went to relax in the tub with a book. She found though that she wasn’t able to concentrate on her book. She kept reading the same line over and over and it still meant nothing to her. She kept thinking about her and Bill and their marriage. She also thought about the last night’s turn of events and Clark’s sudden change in his care for her. She had been so easily manipulated by him. She usually wasn’t like that she had prided herself on being able to pick up on deception and dispel it. Where was Clark going with this “I care about you” business he had said last night? Was it all just a rouse to get her into bed? He couldn’t have possibly thought that she intended to leave her family that she has spent the last 18 years helping to create. The more she thought about it the more she felt stupid and gullible and ashamed.

As Bill washed up the breakfast dishes, his mind kept wandering back to yesterday and his carnal escapade with Teri. He had enjoyed making love to his wife. He had missed the closeness and intimacy they had once shared. He tried to think back to before Teri. He had dated once or twice before Teri in high school and college but he never had anyone who could make him feel the way Teri could. Sure there was the occasional damsel in distress who flirted with him, a man in uniform, but he had never wanted anyone else after he married Teri. He never had the need. Teri was always enough for him. After they started having kids and they were both busy with their own careers, life seemed to get in the way and they never had time for each other. Thinking about yesterday, though, made Bill realize that they needed to work on making time for one another. Ah, yesterday! He thought about his wife’s lovely body, all of her supple curves and the way she responded to his touch. Just thinking about it was starting to send sensations down to his manhood.

He finished putting the rest of the dishes in the dishwasher and then went to find out what Teri was up to.

As he passed by the bathroom, he stopped. What he saw made his heart skip a beat. There was Teri with only a towel wrapped around her bent over applying lotion to her legs.  She must have just gotten out of the tub, he thought. I’ll bet she’s still moist with dew all over her sweet body. How lucky could he get? 

Bill’s imagination was going into overtime giving him a powerful erection. Before he realized what was happening he came in behind Teri and grabbed her around the waist. 

Teri screamed out in start. “Bill! What are you doing?”

Bill dropped her towel and brought her down to her knees. “Really, Bill, what has gotten in to you?” Bill took one whiff of Teri and undid his pants. Within seconds he was on the floor behind her with his member in his hand ready and raring to go. He rubbed it up and down against her sexy lips, she was still pretty damp from her bath, and with one quick thrust, he shoved it all the way in until it hit her cervix. The sensations were maddening.

Teri opened her mouth to say something but all that came out was a grunt. She was still sore from yesterday, but at this point she couldn’t think. When was the last time she her husband had taken by surprise from behind?

Bill grabbed the hips and the ass that he loved so much, acting on impulse and instinct, pounded away at his lovely wife’s insides. His balls slapping her happily on the ass.

Teri felt him hitting the entrance to her womb. It felt like he was trying to drive his stake right through to her womb. She felt pain and pleasure all at the same time. The sensations from the constant banging were pushing her over the edge. She started screaming in delight.

“You want to play dirt? Come on then, baby. Give it to me. Harder, faster, more, more, more.”

Bill tried to follow her directions and tried to increase the rhythm and the intensity of which he was coming at her with.  Every time his sensitive head hit her cervix he thought he would go out of his mind with pain and pleasure. His head tingled causing his whole shaft to tingle. He was very close, he couldn’t hold himself back.

“Ahhhhh” he groaned, “Ah, Teri, here it comes babe.”

Teri was breathing too heavily, and trying to catch her breath to answer. She let out a long moan that was signaling that she was on the verge too.

In a tumultuous volcanic eruption Bill blasted hot semen all over the inside of Teri. Teri could feel his seeds being sprayed right into her womb with such force that she lost it too. “OOOOOh, Biiillllllll!!!!!” she screamed.

Bill continued to dump his semen into Teri, blast after blast. Teri found the vibrations from his shaft to be so erotic, she came again and again.

After a few minutes, Bill was unable to give any more. Bill and Teri were so exhausted they collapsed in a heap on the bathroom floor. When they had calmed down and regained their composure, Bill said, “That was something, huh?”

“Where did all that come from?” Teri asked in amazement.

“I dunno. I suddenly felt like being spontaneous.”

“Well, it was that alright.” Teri said and they both laughed.

Teri rolled over onto her back and looked up at Bill. Bill leaned down to Teri and kissed her softly on the lips.

Bill stood up and fastened his pants, then reached for Teri. “Come on,” he said.

“Where are we going?” 

“To finish,” Bill said as he scooped Teri up into his arms and carried her across the hall into their bedroom.

Teri and Bill spent the next hour or so making love to every square inch of each other’s body. And when they had finished their lovemaking, Teri fell back into Bill’s arms and rested her head on his mighty chest. 

“You were magnificent!” Teri told him.

“You weren’t so bad yourself.” Bill quipped.

“No, really, I mean it. The last few days you have been so energetic. Where did all of that stamina come from?” Teri wondered.

“Teri,” Bill started, “we need to spend time together.”

“Well, we are spending time together.”

“But we need to spend more time together.” Bill was getting serious. “You and I have been like strangers for a long time. We’ve been like two ships in the night, just barely passing the other one. What’s happened to us? We used to be so good together. “

Teri was overwhelmed with emotions. This talk had been a long time coming and she couldn’t hold the tears back any longer. “I’ve been wanting to talk to you for so long about us. I’ve needed you so much lately and you’ve seemed so busy, so distant, that it’s been impossible to say anything to you.”

“Lately, I have felt more like the mother of your children than your wife, your lover.”

“I come home from a long day at work and want to spend time with you, but you are always so busy running the boys to soccer and basketball games, doing the laundry or working on your lesson plans on your laptop. I feel that you never see me anymore.” Bill stated in defense.

“I am busy with all of those things,” said Teri, “but when I come in to spend some time with you, you are always either on the computer, or out with Dean. And if you’re not out with Dean, you’re putting in overtime at the station. I can’t tell you how many nights I have laid here awake waiting for you to come home to me; how many nights I have cried myself to sleep because I have missed you, missed your touch, so much.”

“When we took our trip to Vermont, I was hoping to be able to spend some time with you, you and the boys, together as a family. But I could feel you pushing me away from you.”

At the mention of Vermont, Teri thought she was going to lose it. She burst out in tears burying her head into his chest. She felt the shame and the guilt. She wanted so badly to spill he guts to him and tell him what has been going on with her lately, but she feared his anger would get the best of him and that he’d never forgive her. She had so much to lose.

Bill kissed her on the forehead and gently lifted her face up to look at him. “Babe, what is it?”

“When we went to  Vermont,  I thought it was suppose to b-bbe a f-fffammmileee triiip, tooo. But I thought you wwwere too busy with Ddddeeean.”

“No, babe! Never Dean. He is my best friend, but you, always, you, come first. You and the boys are my life. Without you, I am nothing.”

At these words, Teri cried some more. How could she have been so wrong about him.

“Teri, I love you, and I’m pretty sure you still love me,” 

“I love you”, she quickly broke in and mouthed.

“After all these years, after all that we’ve been through, we can’t lose sight of each other. We can’t lose sight of the love we share. I was thinking, before I came upstairs,”

“Before you threw me down and had your way with me, you mean.” Teri said with a smile.

“Well, yeah, before that too, I was thinking that you and I both have to work on setting aside time for each other.”

“If we don’t, then I’m afraid you can kiss your cruise you want for our twentieth goodbye.” He said this jokingly, but Teri could tell he meant it.

“I’ve also been doing some thinking,” he paused, “about doing some talking about maybe having another baby.”

Teri’s eyes lit up in shock and surprise. “You want to talk about what?”

“You heard me.”

Teri began to sob again softly.

“Teri, honey, please don’t cry.” He said as he softly stroked her hair.

“It’s just that I thought you’d never want to talk about it again.” She said through her tears. “I mean we used to talk about it, but then the time never seemed right. Tyler was starting school, and Brandon was still in diapers, I was working on my Master’s…” her voice trailed off.

“The point is that we stopped talking about it and I just figured I was getting too old to be having children.”

“Nonsense! Why just look at you. You look better than most woman half your age.”

Teri shot him the glance that said he was exaggerating again.

“Well, okay, but you look better than most woman in their twenties. After each of the boys were born, you worked hard, really hard, to get your shape back. You’ve toned up your muscles and flatten out that stomach.” “Yes, that stomach,” he said as he playfully smacked her belly. “Have you ever seen a tighter stomach?”

Bill got serious again. “Teri, I want another baby. I want us to have another baby.”

“And I hope she’s as every bit as beautiful as her mother.” He quickly added with a laugh.

“She’s? You think with our track record we are going to have a girl?” Teri laughed.

“Well, I guess we’re just going to have to practice until we get it right.” Bill laughed back. “But I can’t promise you that I’ll always be able to perform as well and as much as I did this weekend. I’m gettin’ old ya know!” Bill quipped.

“Oh, Bill, stop it! You’re only a year older than me.”

A week later, Teri was sitting at her desk going over her notes for the day. It was early and school had not started. She kept trying to refresh herself with her plans for the day, but found herself staring at her husband and her boys, whom she always kept close, framed on her desk. It had been an exceptional week. Bill had been so attentive of her. It was almost like he was a new man. His old self seemed to have returned. He was better than that. He was kinder and more caring than he used to be. He became really helpful around the house and with the boys. He’d come up and rub her shoulders or plant kisses on her cheek just because. He really was like a new man.

Teri’s thoughts were interrupted by a call from the office. There was something there that required her immediate attention. What could that be, she wondered.

When she walked into the office, there to her surprise was Bill and the boys with balloons and a great big basket of flowers waiting for her. “You didn’t think that we’d let your special day go by without notice, did you?”

Teri was so surprise she didn’t know what to say.

Bill walked up to her flowers in both hand and kissed her, “Happy Birthday, honey.” “You thought I forgot, didn’t you?”

She had to admit, Bill was always very good at remembering her birthday.

The boys each wished her a happy birthday as they handed her their balloon for her and then dashed off to class.

Bill offered to walk her and the flowers to class. “You could have had them sent to my room you know.”

“I know, but it wouldn’t have been as much fun as it was to see the look on your face when you walked in here, now would it?”

“I have another surprise for you,” he said. The boys were going home with friends from school, and Bill was taking his beautiful 38-year-old wife out for a night on the town.

Teri couldn’t believe it. She was elated. Just the two of them? She thought. He really has changed.

Teri went about her day as usual, except for the many, many renditions of “Happy Birthday” from her students who all knew about it thanks to her husband and sons who provided the telltale flowers and balloons.

As she was packing up at the end of the day to go home, she checked her email one last time for the day. Suddenly, she saw a familiar address that made her freeze. Nervously she clicked on it. It was a birthday card from Clark. She nearly passed out. A week had gone by since she saw and talked to him last. And now she gets a card from him at school. How did he get her address? How’d he know it was her birthday? She didn’t recall telling him when her birthday was.

Looking around and hoping nobody saw that, she quickly deleted it from her screen and then emptied the trash. She shook with nervousness and panic. Her cheeks flushed with adrenaline, only it was the kind of flush you receive when suddenly a cop pulls up closely on your tail.

She hadn’t talked to him since the night of their anniversary when she ran out on him. She couldn’t talk to him. She didn’t want to be pulled back in by him. Although she felt she had her husband back and things were very hot romantically for them, she knew she was still vulnerable to him.  He had been so cunning, so charming the last time. She didn’t want to fall prey to that again.

She really hadn’t given him much thought this past week with her husband being so attentive to him. She knew that she needed to talk to him to break things off for good between them, but she was not ready to face him yet.

She waited until she was at home, then she sent him an email from her laptop. She said that she’d appreciate it in the future if he’d not email her at school. She told him that they needed to talk, but she wasn’t ready to talk to him just yet. She let him know that things were good between her and Bill, and that they were back to the way they were when they first married. Back to the time when they were dating even. She hoped he would get the message that she wanted to cool it on their relationship. And that he wouldn’t try to contact her anymore.

That night, Bill was true to his word. He took her out for a magical night out. Dinner and dancing, fanfare and candlelight. He gave her the royal treatment and she felt like a princess.

When they returned home, after putting the boys to bed, they retired to their bedroom. Bill took Teri in his arms and kissed her both lovingly and tenderly.

Teri went into the bathroom to change for bed. When she returned, she had on one of the silky, lacy nightgowns that she used to wear years ago. It was one that accentuated her full breast and thin waistline. Bill took one look at her and was ready to go.

But he cautioned himself and said tonight was all about her.

He sat on the bed and took her in his arms. She came and sat on his knee. Then he kissed her deeply but tenderly. As he kissed her, he stroked her hair. He loved her hair. It was so soft. When it glistened in the sunlight he called it her halo, and she was his angel.

Gently he helped Teri to lie back in the bed, and had her roll over to her stomach so that her back faced him. Then starting at the base of the neck and shoulders, he worked his way down rubbing her body. The night gown she wore was opened in the back and allowed him direct contact to her skin. His caresses were light but sensual. His touch brought an electric current throughout her body. His massive hands easily worked their way around her petite frame. He moved down to her legs, but skipped her bottom; he wanted to save that for later. His massage of her legs felt wonderful. She felt all the tension in them dissipate. He wanted to massage her feet as well, but when he touched them she jumped and pulled her legs away. He had tickled her. So, he moved back up to her arms.

“WOOoooooh!” Teri said. “You haven’t given me a good rub down in a long time. This feels sooooo goood!”

Teri felt all the aches in her upper body flow down her arms and out her fingertips. She was so very relaxed, but not too relaxed. Bill did not want her to fall asleep; he had other plans for her tonight.

“I think that is about enough for now. Or else I may lose you to sleep.”

“Mmmm, what’s wrong with sleep?” Teri said quietly.

“Well, nothing.” Bill said, “Except, I wouldn’t be able to do this.” And at that, Bill rolled Teri over and kissed her deeply. His tongue entered her and searched her mouth.

“You are too good to me.” Teri said when they broke off the kiss.

“I just want you to know I love you.” Bill said.

Teri smiled at him and said she loved him too.
