 Eric was still worried that his secret would be found out, but what he and Dawn experienced together was on a different plateau than any other woman he had ever been with. Dawn had e-mailed him, and let him know that she was going to the park that night to watch the fountains, and try to organize her thoughts as well. 

River Basin Park had an immense set of fountains that would shoot high into the air, setting off what was a spectacular view of where the river emptied into the ocean. With all of the benches, it was a popular place for people to come and sit and talk, take in the sites, and, in this case, hide an affair in the middle of everything. 

Eric got to the park at around 8 PM, knowing that was the time Dawn stated she would be there. He waited for 15 minutes, and with no appearance from Dawn, he thought she may have been caught by her husband, or simply decided not to show. All of these fears subsided when he saw her enter the park through the wrought iron gates at it's entrance. Being in public caused the both of them to be extremely civil, and very cautious, but given a chance, their pent up energies would unleash it self in a torrent of lustful emotions. Dawn made her way towards Eric, sitting down on the same bench as he, and winking at him as she did so. 

" I brought a little something extra tonight" was the first thing out of Dawn's mouth, even before Eric could say hello. "OK, and what did you bring that is so special?" Eric replied, in a mocking and joking way, chuckling as he did so. Dawn produced a tin of breath mints, with a devilish grin on her face..."Just a little something for when I leave." she said. As Eric turned to face her, Dawn stated in a plain matter of fact way," I need to make sure that my breath is, shall we say, fresh, for when I go home." suddenly, Eric caught her meaning, opening his eyes a bit wider than his smile, "And how, or should I say where, do you expect to do this?" was all he cold say. Dawn explained that at this time of night, most of the trails were abandoned, and she knew of a spot that should work just fine. 

They both stood up, and started to slowly walk in the direction Dawn led them. Eric was familiar with the park, and had no idea as to where she was leading them. As the trail they were on came to a right hand bend, she kept going straight, through some natural vegetation, and to a small downward hill created when the park was built. Quietly shuffling down the hill and reaching the bottom of it, Eric could see that two sides of this area faced the river, with overgrown trees and shrubs to shield prying eyes, and that the rise would protect them from most people in the park, unless they were right on top of them. 

Dawn slid her hands up Eric's chest, pulling him close, and giving him a long deep kiss, and Eric needed no prodding to return the favor, as their lustful emotions started to take over. awn's kiss was like silk, and he relished he kiss he was given, and tried to reciprocate as much emotion as she gave. Eric let his right hand slip down to her thigh, and slowly rubbed her leg, reaching higher each time he went up. He pushed her skirt up to try and remove her panties when he found that she had come to visit the park not wearing any. This only drove him higher, and harder as the seconds ticked by. Dawn reached down, and loosened his belt, then unbuttoned Eric's now all to familiar khaki's. She them unfastened, and lowered the zipper, allowing them to drop to Eric's feet. The sudden rush of cool air did nothing to hasten his growing erection, and Dawn rubbing it through his underwear wasn't helping. As their kissing became more and more passionate, Eric's swollen member became more and more erect, almost to it's full 6 and 1/2 inches.

Dawn broke their embrace, taking half of a step backwards, and slowly, and effortlessly knelt to the ground, sliding her hands down Eric's body as she did so. Resting her knees on the ground, she slipped her thumbs under the waistband of Eric's underwear, and brought down to his ankles. Looking up at Eric in the partially lit sky from the floodlights in the nearby park, Dawn smiled, and grasped his cock in her hand, and started to lick the head of it, eliciting moans from Eric, charging her own batteries as she did so. Dawn slipped the head in her mouth, and gently clutching his balls in her left hand. 

A firm, but gentle squeeze on his nut sack produced the expected firming she wanted, and she quickly plunged half way down his dick, listening to Eric moan in ecstasy, begging for more, and directing her at the same time. Dawn would have none of it, as this was her treat to herself, and she would enjoy herself how she wanted. Puling back, Dawn left only half of the tip in her mouth, then slammed down again, but only half way, both teasing Eric, and allowing her own throat to get used to what was coming. 

Dawn slowly slid her mouth over his swollen member, sucking hard as she went, engulfing most of Eric's member, feeling the tip in the back of her throat, and the slowly mounting pressure in the tip. Dawn pulled back, and plunged down hard, wincing slightly, as she forced his entire length in her mouth, feeling his balls gently bouncing off her chin. Again, she pulled back so that only the tip was in her mouth, and began a slow slide down his shaft, taking in all of his cock, but without as much difficulty. Again, she pulled back, and again, she swallowed him all the way down, feeling no pain or discomfort, she pulled him out of her mouth, to take a breath. "Are you ready for this?" she asked rhetorically, as she took a breath, and then slammed his member into her throat, leaving it there for a second, before pulling it out about half way. 

Eric felt Dawn remove her hands from their position, and looking down, he saw and felt where they went as she grabbed his ass, and used his body for leverage as she continually force her mouth and throat over his cock, slamming it in, and pulling it out as fast as possible. Eric instinctively began to rock his hips to her motion, and quickly grabbed a side of her head with each hand, and proceeded to slam her face into his loins, listening to her as she would occasionally make a sound, sucking and gurgling the entire time. Without much warning, to either of them, Eric lost control, and came in torrents, blasting al of his cum down her throat, with only a little bit escaping between her lips and his penis. 

Dawn finally let go of Eric's cock, and slowly stood up. She wiped some of the cum from around her lips and face, and produced her little tin of breath mints. Just two mints was all that was needed to give her a fresh feeling in her mouth, and to give Eric a kiss for his effort in her little escapade. Dawn knew that her fun wasn't done, even if Eric had no clue as to what was about to happen.

End of Part 1