 "Morning love," I heard Jackie mumble sleepily as I tiptoed back into the bedroom in the semi-darkness, my hair still damp from the shower.

I sat on the edge of the bed as I pulled on my uncomfortable black leather shoes. Fiona had made a comment about them looking scuffed yesterday, so I'd polished them last night, and now they shone in the dim morning light.

"Morning, sexy," I said, twisting around to kiss her. "Sorry I was trying not to wake you."

"Too late, I'm awake now," she said, sitting up and wrapping her arms around me. "My, you do look handsome in that suit."

"Thanks," I said, feeling her lips kissing my neck.

"Why don't you come back to bed for five minutes?" she asked, seductively wrapping her arms around my chest.

"It's a tempting offer, but I've got to get going," I lied, as I straightened my tie. The truth was that I was having so much wild, energetic sex with Fiona that I was exhausted when I got home.

"Oh, well, maybe later then. You haven't forgotten it's our anniversary, right?"

"Of course not."

"OK, well don't be late for our dinner tonight, alright?" 

"I won't," I said, as I pecked her on the cheek then skipped down the stairs.

--

I'd continued my torrid affair with Fiona throughout the rest of May and into the beginning of June. At first, it had only been once a week, but now I was seeing her at least twice. It would have been more, if she'd let me. She was like a drug, and I just couldn't get enough. Sometimes it was just straight sex, but Fiona had a cruel, dominating streak and I'd often find myself kneeling on the floor trying to satisfy her demands, or with my hands bound behind my back begging her to let me cum. I'd never been into that kind of thing before, and I was surprised how arousing I found it.

It was the first time I'd cheated on anyone and I'd never really thought of myself as that kind of person, although perhaps that's what all cheaters thought of themselves. I kept telling myself the same story: that it was just meaningless sex, a harmless affair with a woman who'd be moving on soon. Of course, working for Fiona also made my job safe, and I reasoned that keeping my job would also be better for Jackie and me in the long run. Kidding myself that somehow that made it okay.

But as May turned into June, I had to admit to myself that Fiona had awakened something in me that I found immensely exciting. I've always been quite conservative, the kind of person who plays by the rules, who's first into the office and the last to leave. The kind of person who mentally vets everything he says just in case someone in earshot might find it offensive in some way. Perhaps it's that conventional side of me that made me good management material.

My relationship with Fiona had opened my eyes to a brave new world of sexual discovery. Although I often protested that she went too far, I couldn't deny the dangerous thrill of Fiona's games coupled with the ever-present danger of being caught cheating on my girlfriend. I guess that's what made Fiona's brazen behaviour so exciting. Of course, at that point I didn't realise just how dangerous it was getting.

--

"I'm just saying she has a certain reputation," Gwen insisted.

We were in the office chatting over the divider. Gwen had wanted to know if there was any news on the redundancies but of course, I didn't know that much and what little I did know I had to keep to myself. The subject of the restructuring had naturally lead onto Fiona, a subject on which Gwen had strong opinions, that she was only too keen to share.

"Look, I'm a big boy, Gwen. I mean I appreciate your concern but I can look after myself. I know what I'm doing."

"I know it's none of my business but..."

"Well you know, to be honest, it is none of your business," I snapped. Then leant back in my chair and sighed loudly when I saw her hurt expression.

"Sorry, I just feel a bit on edge today, alright?" I added. "Let me make you some tea."

As it was Friday, it was quiet in the office, most people choosing to work from home. But as I approached the kitchen I heard voices, one of them Fiona's and something made me stop and loiter just outside the doorway.

"Come on, it's just dinner," a smarmy voice I instantly recognised as Geoff's said encouragingly.

"I'm sorry, I really can't," Fiona replied, although to me her voice hinted that maybe she could be persuaded.

"Look, I'll be the perfect gentleman, no funny business; I won't even expect a goodnight kiss. I'll drop you straight back to your hotel afterwards," he chuckled. 

"Well, in that case, it's definite 'no'," Fiona joked, and they both laughed.

"I'm just saying, you know, you must be a bit lonely here, and I thought it would be nice to show you around..." he continued, but I'd heard enough.

"Sorry, hope I'm not interrupting," I said as I barged in. Fiona was leaning back against the wall with Geoff, who was quite tall, looming over her, his hand resting against the wall next to her head.

"Not at all," Fiona said.

"Can I have quick word with Fiona please Geoff?" 

"Sure, I have to get on anyway. Doesn't look good to be standing around chatting, I hear there's redundancies on the way," he quipped, grinning at me as he grabbed his tea and stalked out of the kitchen.

I waited until he was gone, then leaned in close to Fiona: "What was that all about?" I whispered angrily.

"What?" she said, innocently.

"Don't give me that. He was inviting you out, and you were on the verge of saying yes."

"Nonsense!" she snorted as she put the milk back in the fridge.

"You were. Don't I mean anything to you?" I said, realising it sounded rather more pathetic then I'd intended.

"Listen, I swear it was just a bit of fun. Christ, you're starting to sound like my husband," she whispered angrily, her eyes flashing fiery green. "I'm not going to apologise for a bit of harmless flirting, and I'm not going to make apologies for having a healthy love life just because I'm a single woman."

And with that, she stormed out of the kitchen.

We didn't have any meetings planned, so I spent the rest of the day back at my desk, struggling to concentrate on my work as I replayed the confrontation in my mind. Now that I'd calmed down, I began to see it from her point of view. Geoff was an oily creep, and replaying what she'd actually said I realised she was probably just trying to give him the brush-off gently. I picked up my mobile and fired off a quick text: "Sorry :-(".

I held my breath and counted the seconds, jumping slightly when my mobile pinged: "I'm sorry too," she'd replied. "Buy me a drink at the hotel bar later?"

"Love to," I replied, already doing the calculations in my head. The hotel was on my way home, I could spend an hour there, apologise to Fiona, and still make it home in time for dinner at seven, I figured.

--

"Listen, I can't stay long but thanks for this," I said, as we clinked our glasses together. According to the drinks menu she'd ordered the 'light and grassy' French Chablis, and I'd ordered a 'robust, full-bodied' Chianti." I'm sorry about earlier, I don't know what came over me."

We'd taken our glasses to a distant corner of the hotel bar, and sat next to each other on a long bench seat, our backs to the wooden panelling, looking out over the bar area. It had a light scattering of guests, most looking like they were having drinks before going out to dinner.

"I'm sorry too. You're right, I do flirt a little too much sometimes but I guess that's just the way I am," she said, reaching out and squeezing my hand, where it rested on the mahogany tabletop.

It was hard to stay mad at her, especially the way she looked this evening. She looked gorgeous, clad in a chic burgundy dress that emphasized her feminine curves.

"Listen, there's something I've been meaning to tell you," she started, looking over the top of her glasses, fixing me with those big olive green eyes.

For one mad moment, I thought she was going to say how strong her feelings were for me but I couldn't have been more wrong.

"I've heard from head office, they want me to move onto another assignment. In Rotterdam, I've got to leave in a week's time."

"A week! But I thought we had at least another fortnight!"

"I know, I know, I'm sorry, that's what I thought too," she said, reaching across and squeezing my leg under the table. "Listen, we're both grown-ups, right? I mean, we both knew this was just a fling, we knew it wasn't anything more, right?"

"Right," I said, glumly swilling the blood red wine around my glass. 

"We both knew this wasn't forever, right?" she insisted.

"But we'll see each other again?" I said, aware that I was sounding like a lovesick teenager. I took a sip of the wine, deciding that it was a little too acidic.

"Listen, let's just make the most of the time we've got left, huh?" she said. 

"Sure," I said sullenly.

"We could take our wine up to my room," she said, squeezing my knee and twisting towards me. Her gold necklace caught the light, its small heart shaped pendant resting on her impressive cleavage. Her dress was quite low-cut, and I couldn't help but stare at her full rounded boobs swelling against clingy material, plump and inviting. A little taste of the delights I could expect if I went upstairs with her.

"I can't, I've got to get back soon," I said, half-heartedly.

"Come on, stay for a bit. You know maybe I was a little over-friendly with Geoff earlier, maybe I was a little naughty," she said quietly as she slid her hand smoothly up over the dark material of my suit trousers. "I was hoping you'd stay for a bit and let me find a way to make it up to you."

"What are you doing? Someone will see!" I hissed, shifting uncomfortably in my seat as she slid her hand higher.

"Don't be silly, no one can see," she replied, staring levelly at me as she trailed her soft fingers over my thighs. It was true, the table did shield us from the rest of the bar, but I still felt uncomfortable. What if someone came over?

"Christ Fiona, you drive me crazy," I said, a little breathlessly as I felt my body respond to her touch, my cock beginning to harden.

"I'm just trying to make up with you," she said, grinning as her wicked fingers explored my growing hardness. I took a large gulp of my wine, feeling it roll down my throat and warm my stomach as she expertly coaxed my prick to full hardness, pressing uncomfortably against my fitting trousers. Once again, I seemed powerless to resist, my cock completely under her control, growing hard at the slightest touch of her fingers.

"Come on, don't tease; you know I've got to go," I said, glancing at my watch. But I was already starting to wonder if it would really matter if I were a little late.

"But I do so enjoy teasing you," she said, her eyes sparkling as she ran her fingers along the hard ridge that had formed in my pants.

"Come on, let's go upstairs," I whispered hoarsely. I held my breath as she continued to stroke me then leaned closer, then closer still, my nostrils filled with the subtle fragrance of her perfume as her lips brushed my ear.

"I bet I could make you cum right here if I wanted to," she whispered, her plump pink lips brushing my ear as she trailed her fingers up and down the taut material of my trousers, as hot, dangerous tingles rippled along my turgid shaft.

"Don't," I gasped, knowing she was right as she wrapped her slender fingers around my hardness and gave me a firm squeeze.

"Come now, we both know you love it, David," she continued, and I suppressed a gasp of pain as I felt her sharp little teeth close around my earlobe.

We were too impatient to wait for the lift and I found myself following Fiona to her room, the sound of her heels echoing around the stairwell. I watched the peachy globes of her buttocks jiggling beneath her clingy dress as she jogged up the stairs, my cock pressing firmly against my pants as if drawn towards her gorgeous arse.

"Now then, let's get you out of those clothes and into my bed," Fiona growled, kicking the door closed. She backed me up against the wall, kissing me passionately, her nimble fingers unbuttoning my shirt as I shrugged off my jacket, letting it slide to the floor. I felt her full lips moving against mine, then the very tip of her tongue parting them as we kissed more passionately. I ran a hand up over her chest squeezing one of her breasts, as I felt her tongue slipping between my lips.

I grunted as she broke the kiss and I felt her teeth sink into the soft skin of my neck, and briefly wondered how I'd explain the marks to Jackie later. I eagerly pulled at the little buttons on the front of her dress, until her full breasts spilled out, clad in a semi-transparent black bra.

"You like my boobs, don't you, hmm? You've been staring at them all evening, you naughty boy," she said as she unfastened my blue and silver-striped tie, the silk sliding smoothly through my collar.

"Let's you get tied up then, I want to feel that lovely tongue of yours on me," she said impatiently as I let her pull my wrists together, and start to wrap the silk around them, like a spider encasing its prey in silken thread.

I felt a sudden surge of anger as, inevitably, Fiona started to bind my wrists together, preparing me for whatever kinky games she had in mind to satisfy her lust. Anger at her for being able to manipulate me so easily, but mainly anger at myself for being such a slave to my prick. It was just so pathetic that I couldn't resist her body, even for one evening, even for my anniversary.

I started to struggle, wrenching my hands away.

"No! Hold still!" she said as I pulled my wrists apart, and grabbing her hands pulled them together.

"What are you doing? David!" she said, as I clasped both her slim wrists in one hand and quickly wrapped the silk tie around them. She tried to pull away, but I gripped them firmly as I looped the tie around them. I copied the way she'd tied my wrists before, the student turning the tables on his teacher. She struggled, stamping her heels against the floor as I looped the silk around and around, yanking it tight, then pulling it between her wrists and finishing it off with a tight knot.

"David, stop! Stop!" she squealed as I grabbed her bound wrists and pulled her over towards the desk by the window. She was still wearing her heels and she staggered a little as I roughly pushed her over the wooden desk beneath the window, her arms thumping against on the shiny surface, her bottom pleasingly raised as I roughly pushed her down. She struggled, trying to twist away and stand up but I pushed her back with a firm hand between her shoulder blades.

"Stop this! I'm the boss here, stop!" she protested but I simply wasn't listening, my head fogged with a numbing mixture of intense arousal and anger. I wriggled her stretchy burgundy dress up over her thighs with my free hand, exposing the pale, fleshy cheeks of her bottom.

"Quiet!" I growled, as I drew my hand back then brought it smartly down on one of her wriggling buttocks, enjoying the slapping sound and her loud squeal of surprise. She was wearing a tiny crimson pair of lace panties cut high over her cheeks, which gave me plenty of smooth milky skin to aim at.

"Ow! Bastard!" she spat, as I spanked her another couple of times, grinning as I watched her pale skin blush pink.

"You're going to get what you deserve, you prick tease," I grunted as I yanked her panties down over her hips.

"Bastard!" she repeated. I was so keen to fuck her I simply tugged them down towards her knees before roughly pulling her legs apart so that the skimpy lace was stretched tightly, cutting into her soft fleshy thighs.

I made her gasp by running a finger along her juicy slit, and she moaned encouragingly as my fingers massaged her moist lips. It was clear that all her teasing in the bar had aroused her as much as me. The feel of her slick pussy and the thought of fucking her was making me very hard, and my cock strained tightly against my trousers.

"Please," she panted, still struggling as I tugged feverishly at my flies and drew out my cock, which was as hard and thick as I can remember. Wrapping my fist around my throbbing shaft, I guided it towards her pussy, pressing the bulbous head against her entrance as she wriggled excitedly.

"No!" she moaned loudly as I eased myself inside, watching her slick lips mould around me as I slid smoothly inside her well-lubricated, clasping depths. She was so wet, and after a couple of preliminary thrusts, I pushed all the way in, my balls pressing against her arse as she squealed and wriggled.

There was a full-length mirror to one side where I could watch myself fucking Fiona with a steady rhythm. I was still half-dressed, my shirt undone, my cock protruding lewdly from my dark trousers. Fiona was bent over at right angles, her forearms resting on the creaking desk, her hands tightly bound, her dress up around her waist, her panties stretched between her parted legs. The fact that she was still dressed, her legs lengthened by her black heels, made it all the more exciting. 

Her dress was unbuttoned, gaping open at the front and as I passionately thrust into her warm, wet depths, she rocked and shuddered, the gold pendant swaying from her slender neck and her lacy crimson bra struggling to contain her generous boobs. I couldn't resist roughly slipping the thin straps over her shoulders and tugging at the lacy cups until her breasts spilled free. The sight of her gorgeous boobs swaying between her arms thrilled me and I thrust into her with renewed vigour.

"Bastard, bastard," she chanted as I fucked her a little faster, but it sounded half-hearted and interspersed with gasps of lusty pleasure as I grasped her waist and began to fuck her with deep, strong thrusts of my hips. Soon her body was moving in time with mine, as we both strained and sweated towards a mutually satisfying conclusion.

"Oh, oh, oh!" Fiona was gasping rhythmically as I fucked her energetically, channelling all my anger into this passionate, deeply satisfying act. 

"That's it, fuck me, fuck me harder!" she demanded, still trying to pretend she was in control as I began to move even faster as the pressure began to build. I'd begun with long, steady strokes, savouring the feel of her tight pussy caressing and massaging my turgid cock but as our voices joined in a breathless chorus of pleasure, I began to move faster, thrust into her harder, our bodies slapping together violently as she panted happily.

"That's it, fuck me, fuck me!" she cried joyfully, her voice building to a crescendo as I roughly grabbed a handful of her hair, pulling her head back so I could watch her face in the mirror, her eyes shut, a tense frown of concentration on her face as I pounded her harder and harder, her cries of pleasure driving me on as my thigh muscles strained, and my lungs burned.

"Don't stop, I'm going to cum, oh God!" she yelped as with a final flurry of short, stabbing strokes her body tensed and she came, collapsing breathlessly onto the desk, panting loudly as her pussy contracted around my throbbing cock.

The feel of her vagina clenching around me caused me to cum too, pushing deep inside her as I felt my balls contract, feeling my molten semen erupting from the tip as the searing pleasure shot through me. I collapsed on top of her, gasping for breath.

-- 

Once we'd disentangled ourselves and I'd untied her hands, I staggered into her en-suite bathroom and flicked on the shower. I glanced at my watch as I took it off; if I left in five minutes, I could still make it home without being too late. Fiona had other ideas, of course.

As the water streamed over my spent body, I watched her slip out of her clothes, her body looking blurry and pink through the water trickling along the glass shower door. I thought she'd wait till I was finished, but soon she was stepping into the cubicle behind me.
