 This 'episode' continues where The Band left off. My apologies for the delay but that's writers block for you...

I awoke several hours later; my eyes slowly opened to the dazzling glare of an over-ripe spring afternoon in Perth, my throat like sandpaper, my temples throbbing worse than a bass drum and my stomach about to reject my body. It took me several minutes to register exactly where I was, who I was and what I was doing and that wasn't an easy task. I was enveloped by pain and cloaked in silence. I was at my friend's house. I looked around and what I saw froze me in horror. I was beside this girl, lying next to me breathing heavily on the couch cushions dressed only in black fish net stockings. The living room looked like it had been ransacked with everything messed up and out of place. I looked at myself and was surprised to find that my only item of clothing was my watch. Then came the sudden realisation of what had occurred. I recoiled in horror, I had just anally fucked my band mate; worse still, I had cheated on my girlfriend and worse than all that had betrayed a work colleague.

I staggered to my feet fighting against the bile that was forcing its way up through my throat, looking desperately for my clothes. I staggered to the bathroom and was forced to eject the contents of my stomach. Never again will I accept Champagne as payment for a musical performance although after what I remembered I doubt there'd be a band after this!

I slowly got dressed in a fit of cold sweat and trembling, fighting desperately to control my stomach spasms. Recollection of last night's events was slow and painful. My overwhelming memory was of what Teresea and I had recently partaken in. The only consolation was that my cock raged in anticipation of a repeat performance; something that I was vowed never to let happen again.

I looked down on my new love interest and felt a surge of painful regret. I wanted to carry her to her bed but that would have been physically impossible. Instead I brought the bed to her, draping the doona (duvet, quilt, depending upon which part of the globe you live) across her naked but impressive form. A small gesture but I knew how embarrassed she'd be if she woke the same way I did. A discrete exit was in order, to my car but the stale champagne fumes emanating from the upholstery overcame me. The drive back to my house was so incredibly uncomfortable that I was hoping that the Police would haul me over for a breath test. As events unfolded it looked as though I was up for a completely different fate.

My long time partner Jean met me upon pulling into my driveway and her countenance expressed anything but pleasure (and not surprising really). I was late but for what I couldn't remember but then she reminded me; lunch in an hour with her siblings. Why I received an invite I couldn't fathom, as officially I was nothing more than a friend. This issue was the cause of much friction between us as Jean utterly refused to officially acknowledge our relationship as anything other than social friends (in public at least), citing the age difference of 17 years as a cause of malicious gossip. I had come along way since the unemployed backpacker from Albany and despite the fact that my business profits far outstripped her Government wages (and those of her family) she wouldn't budge on the issue. Not to worry, I loved Jean despite my indiscretions (and hers) and was prepared to go along with yet another charade.

We arrived about 10 minutes late with me smelling sweeter than a florist, lunch went off as expected and Jean's mood lightened considerably. I was rewarded for my deception admirably; first with a skilful hand job at the restaurant very much en flagrant and second with the promise of more to come (pardon the pun). We drove back to my house to while away the remainder of the Sunday lounging around the pool. All thoughts of this morning erased and after grimacing through several glasses of Chardonnay at lunch I was feeling considerably better.

As Jean went upstairs to change most likely into her gorgeous blue bikini with maroon polka dots I hurriedly checked the answer phone for messages. To my immense relief it was blank and as an added measure I switched it off. I wasn't ready to deal with any awkward situations today not until I knew what the state of play was. I uncorked another bottle of wine, placed it in a chiller and deposited it by the pool in between two sun lounges. As I turned the ravishing sight of Jean withheld my attention. She's about five foot six, slim with raven black hair and features. Whilst relatively small chest wise she's more than compensated with a silky smooth pair of legs and a fantastic butt. Jean knows how to appeal to my warped mind as her choice of swimsuit, as indeed with her choice of clothes in general, is guaranteed to get me salivating. This afternoon was no different. She gracefully glided into my waiting arms and we instantly engaged in a passionate kiss. My hands roamed all over her body before quite inexplicably she disengaged with a brief but playful giggle and skipped rather daintily into the pool. I rushed inside to change and rejoined her in a very refreshing swim. The mood in the pool was playful and jovial but just as things were getting heated Jean would back away telling me to save it for later. 

As the sun began to sink towards the western horizon in a blaze of brilliant fiery red, Jean and I retired to the balcony adjoining the master bedroom. We always like to watch the sunset reflect over the city skyline and it really adds flavour to whatever mood we're in. By that time we were already on our third bottle of wine and at this pace I would be forced down to the bottle shop to resupply. 

Our conversation got around to the subject of sex, as it tends to do, and Jean began telling me about her one and only lesbian experience when she was ten years old. It was quite a story and had me awash with raging hormones. Needless to say I was instantly hard with all thoughts of my earlier indiscretions forgotten and my only impulse was make love to my woman. Jean was also excited by her story as she was mindlessly rubbing her pussy through the thin material of her bikini and she was in full flood as indicated by the wet spot. I love it when she plays with herself but she doesn't do it often enough. I walked over to where she was sitting and she fixed me with a dreamy gaze. I gently picked her up in my arms and gave her a long deep loving kiss, running my hands up and down her lithe body. Jean responded instantly softly moaning into my mouth. My hardness poked against the flat smooth stomach and was screaming for release. Jean heard that cry and quite deftly removed my shorts returning one hand back to my boner. Her caress was delicate causing me to twitch in anticipation but Jean was a master at drawing out the suspense. She used her fingernails to wrap across my balls and this exquisite pleasure caused me to cry out in surprise breaking the kiss. Jean giggled like a schoolgirl all so well aware of what she was doing. I took both of Jean's hands and walked her into the bedroom and laid her down on the sofa.

Time slowed to nothing and the colour of the setting sun gave the salon (as I like to call it) the appearance of an alien world and produced a magical effect on Jean and I. As I gazed down on this creature of visual excellence I was struck by her heartbreaking good looks and realised that for all that I loved her I would never be able to posses her. The conventions of a small- minded community would sooner or later impose its iron will forcing upon Jean someone closer to her age. For now though, that mattered not and there was only the two of us in the whole world that were soon to become one.

From her whimpering and ministrations it was clear where she wanted me to go and I was all too happy to oblige. I planted delicate kisses down her smooth flat abdomen until I reached her steaming love nest. Now I was master here and for a sweet revenge I decided to see how far to breaking point I could take her. I gently licked the insides of both thighs slowly, achingly slowly, inching closer to the heat of her love. This drove her wild, arching her back, moaning my name and running her fingers through my hair. She was visibly leaking with her lips pink, puffy and very swollen.

A cold sweat was breaking out all over her perfect skin only adding to her heightened state of arousal. The anticipation must have been excruciating, I know, it was for me, my cock was swollen beyond belief but this was for Jean. She seemed to be reaching point break fast as I could feel pressure being exerted upon my head pulling my wicked and devilish tongue ever closer to her wetness. As an added torture I moved my tongue just to the tip of her clit, pursed my lip and inhaled slightly. As she realised that she was finally going to get what she wanted she relaxed in anticipation of an orgasm that was but a few laps away. I stopped just short and gently blew upon her clit. 

And that did it, all that sexy talk, all those reminisces of lesbian love, pent up anticipation and unendurable desire finally erupted from the slightest of stimulations. She came so loud, screaming my name, shouting obscenities and physically ripping at my hair. In the tumultuous seconds that followed I could see her sweet pussy spasm wildly, pumping out clear aromatic liquid. I couldn't resist and I dove in. Her next reaction almost broke my neck. I swear she leapt a meter into the air such was the force of the electricity flowing through her soul. I licked her pussy and clit ravenously, drinking down her intoxicating nectar; her taste was overpowering me more than the wine consumed earlier. There was more than I could handle and I reluctantly pulled away, gasping for breath. Jean meanwhile was still moaning almost sobbing now as wave after wave of pleasure broke across her beach. She was in another world but as I'd disengaged her left hand began probing all over her dripping sex. Each touch caused a minor jolt but slowly she came around with a look that betrayed anything but satiated pleasure. 

"Tongue fuck my arsehole Baby, I want you to make me cum some more!" I couldn't believe my ears; Jean had never ever before spoken such filth. She like it when I talked dirty but never had Jean indulged in this harmless fetish but now she was asking nay demanding that I tongue her most delicate area. And this I did with a passion. Concentrating on her brown rose like anus I brought her orgasm after orgasm until she finally admitted that she could take no more. At last, with an aching jaw and tongue I had extinguished Jean's fire-like passion. I must have looked a real state but that didn't seem to matter because Jean brought me up to her and kissed me delicately on the lips before breaking in with her tongue to give one of the most loving kisses ever, even I felt like I was about to peak. "No wonder you like it so much" she breathed after finishing our kiss and referring to my rim job. I love rim jobs, both giving and receiving, and Jean is the master at them too. I'd never experienced one until we met and now I was hooked. It seemed now, though, that she was too!

I received my pleasure after she regained her strength. I was treated to the sloppiest and slimiest blowjob ever promptly causing me to explode massively. Jean was unable to swallow my entire load instead she allowed the last few vigorous spurts to land on her face. She made no move to clean herself up rather insisting that my seed remain where it had fallen. There was no doubt, today Jean wanted to act like a slut and let me tell you she played the part to perfection. 

She was begging me to fuck her so hard so the next day at work when she walked a little awkwardly she would be able to think of this evening. What with the anal fuck this morning, hand-job at midday and superb blowjob just now I think it was me who would have trouble walking. Nevertheless, Jean was tireless in her pursuit, sitting opposite me on the sofa with her legs spread as far as they would reach, she used both hands to fuck her holes all the while spouting filth at me, telling me that she wanted to be treated like the worst Marseille whore, to fill her up with cum and work her until she was red raw. This, as can be appreciated, soon got me back to action. If she wanted to be treated like a whore then there was only one way to accomplish that but I quickly found her back door to be not just locked but barred also. It was promised but only after much attention and practise, she was, after all, an anal virgin at the tender age of thirty-eight and from my point of view I wanted it to be as perfect for her as possible. 

However we fucked in every imaginal position and this time I had tremendous staying power as I worked her sweet lubricated pussy like never before. Although she didn't cum again for the rest of the night she was in her element talking a seemingly unending tirade of sexual abuse. I loved it, it was making me drunk with animal passion and all the while my balls were tightening getting ready to pour forth the gates of hell. For this I had Jean lay upside down against the sofa with her legs resting over the back and her head, or more importantly, her mouth stretched over the front. I kneeled in front of her jamming my enormously swollen cock all the way down her throat. 

She was making gagging noises but grabbed my arse and encouraged me to the slam her mouth harder. I pulled out every so often so that she could catch her breath and she spat her saliva all over her face. This was too much even for me and after several minutes of throat massage I knew the end was nigh. I pulled out of her divine mouth and jacked off for maybe seven seconds before erupting a tidal was of semen all over her pretty face. I screamed out in pure agony and my body was engulfed in wave after wave of surging passion. My eyes were screwed up tightly and the whole world ceased to exist. My cock was leaping out of my hand pouring rivers of cum everywhere. I don't even know where it landed and nor did I care for I was oblivious to everything but surfing the wave of pleasure. 

I must have passed out for when I finally opened my eyes I was laying flat on my back with the lithe figure of Jean hunched over my crotch. Then my whole body once more became electrified as Jean wrapped her lips around my rapidly deflating member causing seismic aftershocks to gently rock my form. It was a real mind bending orgasm and I had to ask Jean to stop for no more could I take. And that's when she looked at me. She was practically bathing in my seed. It was everywhere, hair, eyes, nose, and ears, running in streams down her neck and onto her breasts. She collected fingers of it and spooned it into her mouth licking everywhere she could, smiling and mewing like a contented cat. She was happy and I was happy. Jean crawled up to me and kissed me gently, "We have to do this more often!" she purred I agreed and with that we turned and walked into the shower. We spent the next hour gently kissing and soaping each other up before falling onto the bed and teasing each other with chilled chardonnay and chocolate maltezers. The night, after all, was but young!