 Sandra could not believe her eyes when she walked into the office to see her mother bent over the desk and being banged by the young man she had let in earlier. She pulled the headphones out her of ears; if she had done that earlier she would have heard her mother. 

My god, he must be good, she thought. Mum is certainly making a hell of a lot of noise. 

She always knew when her mother was pleasuring herself from the buzzing noise, but she had never heard the moans she was making now. She should leave or cough or something but she was fascinated by the tableau in front of her. The young guy was obviously well endowed, she could see that much and when he started spanking her mother's ass, she felt her own pussy wake up. She loved being spanked herself and before she knew it her hands had hitched up her skirt and started rubbing her clit. As the pair in front of her noisily orgasmed, Sandra slipped a couple of fingers inside herself, imagining it was the man. She was startled out of her reverie by a double cry of "Oh, shit!" from the desk.

Helen was horrified to see her daughter in the office; partly because she has been caught being roundly fucked by a young man but also at the way Sandra had reacted to the situation. Obviously she had never seen her daughter masturbating before, she was not naïve enough to think she never did but seeing her doing it was something else.

Ian's thoughts were slightly different, his cock still pulsing inside the mother, he realised here was an opportunity not to be missed. He could be completing a mother & daughter threesome today. "Come here," he barked. "And hurry."

Sandra did not hesitate and moved closer to her naked mother and the young man. As she did, he slides his cock out of Helen's pussy and faced her. He was not fully erect anymore, but her suspicions about his size were confirmed and the sight of it covered in his and her mother's cum was a turn-on. Mmmm, she thought. Should have used more fingers.

Helen straightened up and looked like she was going to grab her clothes to cover herself.

"Oh no, mummy bitch," Ian sternly told her "You get to stay on the desk, but I want you on your back this time." 

Helen found herself unable to resist and dutifully lay back. Sandra was now next to Ian, her hand still in her knickers. He took her arm and pulled her hand out, raising it to his lips and licking the juices off her fingers. 

"You really enjoyed watching your mummy bitch getting fucked, didn't you?" 

Sandra nods her head, not sure what will happen next but keen to find out. Ian places her hand on her mother's right thigh and one of his own on her left one. By unspoken agreement they spread Helen's legs exposing her swollen pussy, Ian's cum leaking out slowly.

"Do you like spunk, daughter bitch? " 

Sandra nods 

"How about pussy?" again she nods. 

Helen starts slightly at this, never imagining her daughter had eaten pussy.

"Well," says Ian pointing to Helen. "You will find both in there, let me know how it tastes?"

Sandra hesitates but a sharp, "Now!" from Ian hastens her into position. 

Helen looks down to see her own daughter about to go down on her, but the look on Ian's face stops from her resisting. She is finding this unbelievably erotic. 

Sandra starts gently licking her lips but Ian, paying close attention to what Sandra is doing, tells her to get every last drop of cum. 

So she begins hungrily licking and slurping. God, I'm eating my mother out, she thought to herself, and it tastes fantastic. 

Helen's head has gone back, eyes closed as fresh waves of arousal sweep through her. Ian stands there watching, stroking his cock, which is perking up from the floor show in front of him. He lifts Sandra's skirt up to reveal a tight but round little ass, and he also can see her thong is already sodden so he grabs the thin sides and swiftly pulls them down. Sandra is momentarily pulled from Helen's lips by the action and looks up at her mother who is squeezing her own tits and pinching her nipples. She smiles as she lowers her face back down.

Behind her, Ian is slapping his hard cock against her bum cheeks and watching them both. "Daughter bitch, stop!" 

Sandra stops, straightens and turns.

"How did it taste then?" he asks 

"Lovely and I think I got it all too," she says with a smile. 

"Good, I am pleased, you should be rewarded." 

Sandra immediately hopes she will shortly be feeling his rigid cock inside her, but this hope is dashed when he says "Swap places, bitches." 

Helen slowly lifts herself off the desk and for a moment, mother and daughter are facing each other. 

"Actually, before you do, let's see you two kiss and I mean really kiss, I want you to share the taste with your mother." They do not hesitate, all resistance gone, lost in the sexual fervour and start French kissing immediately, as they do Ian takes the hand of each, nearest to him and guides them to his cock. 

God, this is good, thinks Ian, Mother and Daughter, and both are nicely submissive.

The pair continue to kiss and both are enjoying the feel of Ian's cock in their hands. 

"That's enough of that for now. Daughter bitch lay down." 

As Sandra lies back, hitches up her skirt and spreads her legs. Ian looks to Helen and says "You know what to do." 

After having her own pussy pleasured by her daughter, it seems strangely normal to be returning the favour. As she moves closer she realises that her daughter is clean shaven, she did not know that before, it has certainly been a revealing day so far. As Helen begins to lick the lovely clean shaven but very wet pussy, Ian moves round the desk and looks down at Sandra 

"You must be feeling over- dressed compared to us?" He smiles. "Let's get you naked." 

Sandra is unable to help much, as she is enjoying the sensations from her mother's tongue. 

Wow, she has done this before, she thinks as Ian lifts her up to remove her t-shirt then bra. 

Sandra's tits are smaller than Helen's, but young & firm with pert little nipples. Ian lowers his head to suck on them, giving them a little nip which makes Sandra jump and moan. Standing upright again, Ian slides Sandra closer to the edge and places his cock next to her face. She opens her eyes, looks at the solid cock in front of her and opens her mouth. Stopping, mouth poised next to his cock, she looks up questioningly. Ian smiles and nods then watches her feed his cock into her mouth. 

The daughter likes to suck cock as much as the mother, thinks Ian, as Sandra hungrily gobbles his cock, taking as much as she can down her throat. 

He can't help himself and slowly starts to fuck her mouth. Sandra struggles to cope with his substantial cock as he thrusts into her mouth, but she does not want him to stop. She can feel her orgasm approaching as her own mother continues to lick, suck and nibble her clit. Ian grabs one of Sandra's tits and squeezes it, pinching the nipple between his fingers, he can tell from Sandra's reaction she likes that so reaches over and does the same with the other. Sandra suddenly pulls herself of his cock and grabs her mother's head, holding her in place as the orgasm shudders through her body. Helen feels the pussy tremble on her mouth and then a flood of juices as Sandra squirts in her mouth and over her face. She continues licking until Sandra releases her head, when Helen looks up, she sees Ian smiling down at her, his cock as hard as the first time she saw it. She watches as he moves towards her leather chair and sits down. 

"Come here, bitches. Kneel down before me." he commands. 

Both the women do as they have been told, kneeling on the floor in front of him. 

"You will both suck my cock until I cum. When I do, I want you to share my spunk, no-one needs to be greedy as there will be plenty for both." 

Instructions received and understood they lean in and take turns to wank and suck his hot cock. Unbeknownst to either of them, Ian has picked up his phone and begun to film them. 

This will be useful as leverage so we can do this again sometime, he thinks, and we will. 

Helen and Sandra continue working his cock, one pulling the foreskin back for the other to suck the exposed head and lick the pre-cum off, and then swapping roles. Ian is now moaning and obviously close to cumming, they increase their efforts and both line up their mouths at the tip of his cock as they rub it harder. With a shudder, Ian cums, explosively, spunk shooting in their mouths and over their faces, sticking in their hair and eyes. They stroke further, milking his cock, his cum still jerking out but not as far, they take turns to suck his cock clean before pumping it again to generate more for the other. 

"Smile for the camera!", Helen and Sandra look up to see Ian holding the phone, with a very satisfied look on his face.

LATER THAT DAY 

As Helen stood in the shower, her mind went over the events of the afternoon. She had been dominated by a younger man and had loved it. She had been caught by her daughter, who then joined in and had gone down on her, which she had also loved. Helen had then returned the favour licking her own daughter's pussy to climax and she had really loved that. And as for the joint blow job ... Helen's pussy was starting to get wet again and not because of the shower.

After Ian had left them, naked and sticky with cum, the two women had each grabbed their clothes and headed to their bedrooms without a word. Neither of them sure what to say to each other after that most unusual sequence of events. 

Helen turned off the shower, grabbed a towel and began drying herself. She could hear the shower in the main bathroom so Sandra was obviously doing the same clean up. Helen had always been close to her daughter and they shared a lot, but obviously not everything, the way her daughter had behaved surprised her. Mind you, not too different from me when I was her age, she thought with a smile.

She wrapped the towel around herself and walked out of the en-suite bathroom, into her bedroom. Picking up a hair brush, she starts to brush her hair, then kneels in front of the full length mirror to dry her hair. 

Later as she is finishing, there is a gentle knock on her door, followed by "Mum?" 

Helen takes a deep breath before replying "Come in." 

The door opens and Sandra walks tentatively in, she is wearing a short towelling robe and her hair is still damp.

"Hi," she says. "I guess we should talk about what happened." 

Helen nods and beckons her into the room. They sit on the end of the bed and sit in silence for a moment, neither sure how to start the conversation.

Helen breaks the silence "Sandra, I am sorry you walked in on that and I am not sure what came over me but-" Sandra bursts out laughing and it's a moment before Helen realises what she has just said and then she laughs too and the tension is broken. 

"Mum, I'm sorry too. I should have knocked; I should have just turned around and walked out. And yet I found it very hypnotic and very erotic, it really turned me on."

"That was very clear," Helen observed with a smile. "Ian was very ... persuasive. I found it very hard to resist him." 

Sandra nods in agreement. "He certainly has an air about him, I couldn't resist him either."

"Please tell me this is not going to change things between us? our relationship, as mother and daughter, is very important to me." 

"It's very important to me too, mum." Sandra grabs her mother's hand and squeezes it re-assuringingly, "In fact, it may have improved the relationship, and we really have shared everything now."

They both laugh again and Sandra opens her arms to give her mum a hug. Helen does the same but as she leans in, her towel works loose and falls. There is an awkward moment, as Helen tries to grab it but Sandra, with a giggle says, "Bit late to be coy now, mum."

The hug over, Helen stands, leaving the towel on the bed and walks to the mirror 

"I don't understand why Ian wanted me? He could have any young, slim hot girl his own age."

Sandra rises and joins her mother at the mirror, "Come on, mum, look at yourself," placing her hands on her mother's shoulders "I wish my boobs were as good as yours and I pray I still look as good as you when I am your age. And remember, he did not fuck me, you were the one who had that pleasure." 

"Are you saying my oral skills were not good enough for you?" Helen's tone of mock dismay sets them both to giggling again. 

"No, you were really great. There is obviously a story behind that skill that you will have to share with me soon." Sandra replies. "But there is nothing quite like a cock to satisfy a woman properly."

"Well, until Ian comes for another visit, and I think he will, I have something that may help," with that Helen walks over to her bedside cabinet, opens the draw and pulls out a large black dildo. 

"Mum!" cries Sandra. "I knew you had a toy but that's a big one. I do have toys of my own too, you know?"

"Yes, I know, I have used those too. So today is not really the first time we have shared intimate things."

In spite of what has happened in the previous hours, Sandra is still slightly taken aback by this revelation. But the sight of her mother, naked with a large dildo in her hand, does awaken her sexual ardour that has only been partially satisfied. 

"Here, take it," Helen holds the dildo out to her daughter. "I am not sure I will be using it for a few days, been sometime since I saw so much sexual activity. My pussy needs a rest."

Before Sandra can stop herself, a thought slips out of her mouth. 

"It's much better when someone else is in control," adding with a smile. "Would you like to fuck me with it, mum?" 

As she says this, Sandra unties her robe and lets it fall to the floor. Helen lowers the hand holding the dildo, but holds her other hand out to Sandra, who takes it and lets herself be lead to the bed.

They lie down next to each other on the bed and kiss, not like mother and daughter now, but like lovers. 

Sandra cups her mother's breast and squeezes, whispering, "Who wouldn't want this, it's fantastic? I have always been jealous of your tits." 

Helen reaches for Sandra's tit's and fondles them it in return 

"Nothing wrong with these, Sandra, and besides you have the benefit of this flat stomach," Helen's hand slides down over her daughter's belly and down between her thighs. "And when did you shave your pussy?" Helen asks as she seeks out Sandra's clit. 

Sandra tries to answer but Helen has already found it and she can only gasp in response. She gasps again as she feels a finger slip inside her... Then another ...then a third. 

My god, she knows her way round a woman, Sandra thinks as Helen expertly fingers her, three fingers penetrating her and the heel of her hand rubbing against the clit. Sandra was sure it would not be long before she orgasmed again, but she wanted a cock inside her pussy, even a fake one will suffice.

"Fuck me," Sandra gasps. "I need you to fuck me." 

In reply Helen whispers, "I have just the thing for that. Keep your eyes closed and take over for a minute."

Sandra dutifully puts a hand between her own thighs and takes over as Helen withdraws her fingers and climbs off the bed. 

What is she doing? Sandra wonders as she hears a drawer open and some odd sounds. 

Then she feels Helen get back on the bed, but from the bottom of it, by her feet. She opens her eyes and sees her mother is wearing a strap on, the large fake cock in place, and moving into position to fuck her.

"Mum... where did you...?" Sandra can barely speak, the actions of her hand and the sight in front of her is almost too much but she manages to blurt out "Yes, yes, get that cock inside me!"

And Helen duly obliges.

(To be contd)