 Mikayla shifted from one foot to the other, nervously waiting to hear when Flight 271 from Oklahoma would land. A year and a half's worth of phone calls, emails, IMs and even traditional hand written letters culminating in this one moment. Occasionally she would look at the wallet picture in her hand, gazing at it as if it were her first time seeing it. Lightly tracing his jet black hair, memorizing the color of his blue-green eyes, smiling like a schoolgirl at his boyish smile. She couldn't wait to see him. Finally the announcement she longed to hear-"Flight 271 from Oklahoma landing at Gate 13". Picking up her bouquet of long stem roses, she hurried to Gate 13. Deeply inhaling the sweet perfume of the roses helped calm the butterflies fluttering in her stomach. 

"Excuse me, Sir, we're finally here." the stewardess said, lightly touching my shoulder. 

"Oh, thank you." I replied. I had slept the entire flight. If I didn't, I surely would have drank myself into a stupor to ease my nerves. I couldn't believe that I finally got the courage to buy a plane ticket and come here. 

"Where is that dang picture?" I mumbled, patting my many pockets. I knew I had it in my hand when I drifted off to sleep, I just hope I didn't drop it or someone walked off with it. 

"Aha!" Looking at her picture instantly reassured me that I was not making an ass of myself by coming here. This girl was beautiful, inside and out. An aspiring writer and poet, with one hell of an imagination. But the package it was wrapped in was beautiful as well. Her dark brown almond shaped eyes, full lips, and dimpled smile. I loved this picture of her-sitting on a playground swing, her braided hair in two cute ponytails, a black cotton tank dress, and sandals, playfully smiling. She was indeed a sight to behold.

Mikayla began to frown slightly. Almost all the passengers exited the plane, yet she still didn't see him. A creeping fear invaded her still nervous mind, 'What if he's not coming? What if this was just some big joke?' she thought, nervously biting her bottom lip.

"Are those roses for me, pretty lady?" a voice asked. That sweet Oklahoma drawl that she loved and would recognize from anywhere. She turned around and there he was.

I knew by coming out behind this older couple she wouldn't see me, but I would be able to spot her instantly. I had asked her to bring me roses so that I would know it was her. Not just regular roses, but special ones--red, yellow and white ones. Red for our budding love, yellow for our great friendship, and white for purity. Hell, I know neither one of us are "pure", but we're still "pure" in the sense that this is new and fresh to us. My heart leapt in my chest at the sight of her. That picture did her no justice. Her braided hair was parted in the middle and held back by two silver clips. She wore a ivory colored V-neck, short sleeve cashmere sweater, a black skirt that stopped about two inches above her knees, and pair of knee high black go-go style boots. I asked her to wear something sexy for me as well (what can I say, I'm a guy). She had told me about those boots and I was dying to see her in them and I knew she wouldn't disappoint me.

"Stephen! Oh my God! Stephen!" she squealed, jumping in his arms. Mikalya couldn't believe she was finally holding the man that, up until this very moment, held only in her dreams. Impulsively, she kissed his lips, a short, yet sweet kiss.

It was as if a bolt of electricity shot from her lips to his. Dropping his bags, Stephen wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her close and passionately kissed her.

"I never imagined in my wildest dreams that kissing you would be this damn good." she whispered when the kiss finally ended.

"Darlin' you are something else.", I said, tasting her strawberry flavored lip gloss on my lips, "Sweetheart, we need to be getting out of here, before I develop a condition." I looked in her eyes to see her reaction. I could have died a happy man. Her eyes held that wild and sexy spark that I dreamt they would and I knew right then and there that this was no mistake.

Mikayla stood in his arms, feeling her heart beating against her chest. She had kissed many lips in her lifetime, but none kissed they way Stephen did. She felt instant fire in her loins from his kiss. And when he mentioned developing a "condition", she felt her knees turn to jelly and her pussy twitch.

Bending down, grabbing his bags, wrapping an arm around each other's waist, they strolled out to the parking lot. Reaching her Camry, Mikayla pushed the button for the trunk to open. Dropping the bags in and slamming the trunk shut, Stephen quickly grabbed her and sat her on the trunk.

"Tell me something, darlin', did you do everything that I asked you to do?" I asked, my voice taking on that husky, yet authoritative tone that I knew she loved, as I slipped my hand under her skirt.

"Everything you asked me to do is done." she whispered, parting her legs for his roaming hand. 

I knew she said she got wet just from hearing my voice, but I never really truly believed it until now. Her pussy was dripping wet! Thankfully, I asked, rather told her not to wear any panties. I felt my cock throb against my khakis. I knew that I wouldn't be able to wait until we got to my hotel. I had to have her right here, right now.

"Darlin' do yo know what you've done to me?" I asked her, guiding her hand to my bulging crotch. I continued teasing her pussy as she began to stroke my crotch. Then she did the unthinkable..

"Stephen," she said, growling softly as she deftly unzipped my pants, freeing my cock and guiding it to her wet pussy, "I need you now, I can't wait!" she moaned, wrapping her legs around my waist. It was like heaven! Her tight cunt was like a glove tailored made for my cock. I slipped my hands underneath her fine ass, pumping in her pussy, oblivious to the people wandering to their own cars. She must have planned to fuck outside, because she was parked in a damn near empty section, isolated from the rest of the cars. I slipped my hand down and found her clit. It was rock hard and throbbing against my finger. As soon as I touched her clit, she tightened her legs around my waist and came hard! She started bouncing up and down on my cock like a woman possessed as she rode out the waves of her orgasm.

"Darlin if I didn't know any better, I'd say someone was mighty happy to see me." I joked as she slowed down.

"Stephen, don't talk to me like that. You know what I want to hear." she growled. 

I knew what she wanted me to say and I was only too happy to comply.

Mikayla couldn't believe that she came that hard, that fast. She suspected that he was lying about the size and skill of his cock, but now she knew otherwise. His cock was like magic in her pussy. She loved the way he stroked her cunt, hitting all the right spots. And when she came, she couldn't get enough of his cock inside of her. Now she wanted him to fuck her until he shot his cum inside of her. But, she wanted to cum again, plus she wanted to hear him say all those sexy dirty words to her that she masturbated herself into oblivion with.

"So, you liked cumming on my cock like that, did you? Is my good girl that easily satisfied that she's only gonna cum once on my cock?" I asked, burying my cock hilt deep inside her dripping pussy.

"Oh God, Stephen.." she gasped, "Your good girl is never satisfied where you are concerned."

"Good, because I want to fill that hungry cunt of yours with my hot cum. Don't you want that, my hot good girl?" I asked her again, pumping faster in her pussy. I could feel her already getting ready to cum again. Her cunt was twitching with tiny spasms. This girl was so fucking insatiable. I knew she said she was like the energizer bunny, but even his batteries died, I don't think her pussy is ever dry. 

"Please fill my hungry cunt, Stephen. You know I have dreamt and finger fucked myself till my hands cramped just thinking about your hot cum in my pussy. Don't tease me. Fuck me!" Mikayla said in her best slutty voice.

Who was I to deny her. My balls got so tight hearing her slutty voice that the gates of heaven couldn't have stopped my cum that was getting ready to shoot into her cunt. I lifted her completely off the trunk of the car, she in turned tightened her vise-like grip around my waist and I fucked her for all that I was worth. I stuck my thumb in her anus and pounded in her pussy with all my might. 

Mikayla thought she had died and was on her way to orgasm heaven. She had been practicing with her fingers on trying to find her G-spot, but to no avail. However, Stephen's cock found it with no trouble as it thrust in her hot cunt. She knew that when he blew his load in her pussy she wasn't going to be able to hold her screams much longer. Hell, she wasn't doing that great of a job now, being as though she was never the quiet fuck. But when that orgasm hit, she knew she was going to lose it.

"Oh fuck! Mikayla I'm getting ready to cum! I'm gonna ram my fucking cock into that hot pussy of your so far and so deep that my jizz is gonna shoot out of your fucking ears!!"

"Do it! Do it! OH GOD STEPHEN!", she howled. Her body got extremely stiff and she held on him for dear life. "STEPHEN YOU FUCKING MAGNIFICENT BASTARD! YOU HIT MY GODDAMN G-SPOT! GODDAMN YOU! YOU SON-OF-A-BITCH I'M CUMMINGGGG!" Mikayla screamed, her voice rivaling that of a banshee's.

Hearing that, I couldn't have held back even if my life depended on it. I furiously pumped my cock into this screaming woman's cunt, shoot my cum deep inside her womb. I was fucking her so damn hard that I was afraid that I may have hurt her, but then again, I don't think neither of us cared. 

Mikayla's throat was raw and her breathing was extremely shallow. That orgasm ripped through her entire body, she thought even her hair was cumming at the roots. She came so hard, even her soul quaked. Before she realized it, she was crying. Her body finally went limp in his arms.

You know, I have never been one to believe in fate or destiny, but truly has she made a believer out of me. I could feel our cum, since I'm not too sure if it was all mines or all hers, dripping down my leg, staining my khakis. I sat her back down on the trunk of the car, because quite frankly, that cum drained me and I was tired as hell. I can feel the walls of her pussy milking my cock as if it to suck out every drop of semen my cock owned. I lifted her limp head up and saw her tears. Tears that I quickly lapped up, drying her face, before kissing her softly on the lips. I heard a gasp and turned around and saw an older couple staring at us. Mikayla must have heard them as well, 'cause I saw her eyes fly open. Funny thing is, she didn't even look embarrassed! She was just as exhausted as I was.

"Howard, when are you going to make me scream like that?" the older woman asked her husband. I guess them to be in the early to mid sixties.

"Oh Ethel, shut up" the old man grumbled, "I'll make a deal with you. You look like she does, firm tits and all and I'll make you scream like that. Until then, mind your own business!"

We couldn't help but to laugh. 

Finally we separated, a groan escaped our mutual lips. Before I could bend down to pick up my pants, Mikayla had slipped off the car and was on her knees--sucking my cock clean! I couldn't believe this woman. She was a fucking machine. I think the energizer bunny would be extremely jealous of her power. As soon as she was satisfied that my cock was clean, she gently pulled my pants up, zipping them close.

"Can't have your cock sticky, can we?" she giggled, licking her lips.

"No we can't. But what are you gonna do about that dripping pussy of yours? Ain't it gonna stain your car seat?" I asked her, tweaking her hard nipples.

"Not a problem." she smiled, that devious smile that I envisioned her smiling many of phone call. 

Mikayla was still on fire for his cock, but thought it better to get to the hotel where they could properly fuck and even make love. Kissing his lips, she slid her skirt off. Standing there clad only in her go-go boots and sweater, cum oozing down her leg.

"My, my that is a lovely sight." I said, whistling. She had that slutty look I told her that I wanted to see. Something about the sight of a freshly fucked cunt dripping cum sets my cock to attention. Then she did something that if I live to be a thousand, I would never forget. She took her hand and wiped from mid-thigh to the top of her cunt, gathering the oozing cum and sucked on her hand like a baby on his mother's tit.

"I can sit on my skirt, that way you can look at my pussy all the way to the hotel." she said. We quickly got in the car. I don't know how she managed to drive without causing a major accident. Especially since I fingered her snatch until we pulled up to the hotel. Twice she came on my hand, screaming in the car both times. People looking at us assumed she was simply singing along with the radio. As a dare, when we pulled alongside a trucker, I told her to put her leg up and flash the driver. Honking her horn, getting his attention, she rolled her window down and flashed the man her beautiful pussy. Needless to say, he's gonna have a lovely story to tell his trucker buddies.

It's been almost a year since I flew in to see Mikayla. A day doesn't go by that I don't think about the time in the airport, but now, I have so many more memories to add to that one. It didn't take much convincing to get her to fly back home with me on a permanent basis. The flight home was amazing to say the least. Needless to say, she is not only a member of the mile high club, she's the president! But that's another story all together...