 Delilah paced around her flat, waiting for her lover to arrive. It was with something between delicious anticipation and irritable skin crawling frustration that she surveyed the antique clock over the mantlepiece. It was a quarter past two and he wasn't due until three. He was incredibly eager, which Delilah affected to find irritating but was secretly pleased by, and so would be at least five minutes early. Still, that left her with a forty minute wait. 

She had kicked off her boots at the door and strolled around the flat in stockinged feet. Delilah had been wearing stockings and suspenders and a black lacy bra all morning. They had been picked out that morning with the slight thrill of the anticipation of being peeled out of them that afternoon. All morning she had felt her sexy underwear moving beneath her conservative white blouse and black skirt.

Pacing round the flat, she paused in the bedroom in front of the full length mirror. A confident and assured businesswoman looked back at her, late thirties with long auburn hair tied in a loose plait over one shoulder. 

There were those who considered Delilah a narcissist and it was certainly with a certain degree of satisfaction that she admired her reflection. She had more than her own vanity on which to base her self-satisfaction though. She had never suffered from a lack of male attention and that attention had barely diminished as the years rolled by. In fact she derived a considerable satisfaction from the ease with which she could tempt a much younger man like Ethan into her bed.

The tits helped. There was no question about that. Men were such simple creatures and there were very few who were entirely immune to breasts like hers as they filled out her cream blouse like a galleon under full sail. 

Delilah put her hands to her breasts, cupping them through the fabric as she did so. She had sufficient self awareness to be lightly amused to catch her refelection unconsciously pouting back at her. Her fingers seemed to quite naturally find her buttons and she watched herself as she unhurriedly popped each one open in turn, showing ever deeper cleavage as she did.

Her breasts looked good under a tight white shirt but they looked even better nestled into her black lacy bra. She wriggled out of her blouse and put her hands to her breasts again. She watched herself in the mirror as she jiggled her tits up and down, half bored and half aroused. God she wished Ethan were here.

She looked at the clock, still only two twenty. Thirty five minutes to go.

Without really thinking about it, she unzipped her skirt and wiggled her wide hips to free herself, her boobs swaying a little as she did so.

With an arched back, one hand on her hip and the other held over her head she admired her form in the mirror, clad only in black stockings and suspenders, black lace panties and black lace bra.

Delilah was quite comfortable that she looked nothing like a twiggy fashion model. She was all curves, perhaps even a little big. She had big tits and a big arse, perhaps a little bit of a tummy and broader thighs than might be completely desirable.

But she didn't care. She looked fucking fabulous and she knew it. She undid her long auburn plait and tossed her hair back so it fell loosely around her shoulders.

Feeling decidedly horny now, she looked at the clock again, only two twenty one.

The temptation was to masturbate. If she hadn't been expecting Ethan she would certainly have given into it. There was an old leatherbacked chair nearby that she would have pulled up in front of the mirror, sat down upon, spread her legs and slipped her fingers under her dark knicker lace.

There was many the time Delilah had sat on that chair, resting her white, round bottom on its creaking dark green leather seat, as she pleasured herself. She always liked watching herself as she played, liked watching the way her chest heaved and her tits quivered, liked watching her expression change as she came.

No doubt many people would find that level of self love quite monstrous. But Delilah frankly couldn't give a fuck for whatever anybody else thought. She wasn't a lesbian, she didn't like watching other women come, but she liked dressing up and feeling hot and sexy and, if there were no one else around to appreciate her, she would appreciate herself.

But she didn't want to touch herself today. She wanted Ethan to do that for her. So she just stood in front of the mirror looking herself up and down, her leather backed chair untouched in a corner.

Her pussy felt wet and heavy underneath its black lace covering. She was almost suprised not to be able to see a dark stain spreading across her knickers as her juices flowed out of her.

Two twenty four. At least another half hour. It was intolerable, she was feeling much too horny to settle to anything else to pass the time and she wouldn't allow herself the one thing that could scratch her itch.

Half an hour was too long simply to prance round her apartment in her lingerie, every time she caught a glimpse of her reflection in one of the many mirrors she would be having to slap herself to stop her fingers crawling deep inbetween her legs.

There was only one thing for it. She took one last look at her lingerie clad figure. In particular she admired her deep cleavage as her breasts nestled into the lacy black fabric of her bra.

Delilah sighed as she undid the clasp and let her bra fall to the floor, freeing her breasts. She had been looking forward to Ethan peeling her out of the lingerie and it seemed a shame to have to do it herself.

Her tits looked even bigger, free from the clinging black lace. They were not perhaps as firm as they had once been but the slight drop was no more than to be expected of natural breasts as large as hers. They still gave a satisfying bounce when she walked.

Next she tugged her black knickers over her round hips, letting them slide to the floor. She liked how she looked, naked apart from her black stockings and suspenders, the black stocking strap stark against her pale thigh. She had had half a mind to keep them on as Ethan fucked her, opening her stocking clad thighs as his thick cock slid in and out of her bushy cunt.

Some other time. She undid her garter belt and sat on the edge of her bed, rolling her stockings down over her thighs. 

She gathered up her skimpy garments and placed them in the wicker washing basket. Totally nude she strolled out of the room, pausing again by the mirror to admire her figure.

Stripped of her undergarments, her fleshy voluptuousness was even more apparent. Her body curved with full vitality. Her trim waist showing off the fullness of her breasts and hips. Her auburn bush and pink nipples seemed to glow against the almost snowy whiteness of her skin. Her nipples were small but their aureoles were large round discs raised and thickened above the mound of her breasts. 

Giving each nipple a little tweak, so that they were standing to attention, Delilah walked naked down the hall, oblivious to the open window she was walking past. She enjoyed the full feel of the rich carpet as her bare feet sank into it as she walked.

Entering the bathroom she made her way to the shower and turned the nozzle on hard. The water felt good, invigorating and cooling at the same time. It kept her feeling of delicious horniness in a sort of pleasing harmony, it neither dissipated or became unbearable.

For a while she simply enjoyed the feeling of the water playing over her body but then she reached for her razor, shaving her legs, her armpits and even her arms, ensuring her body was completely hairless with the sole, striking exception of her bush. 

For a brief moment she entertained the thought of shaving that too as a surprise for Ethan but pushed it away. For one thing she was fairly sure that Ethan preferred her as she was, in fact he had said as much. More than that, she loved the fullness of her hair down there. Every hair was like an antenna, transmitting little ticklish thrills to her pussy as her lover approached. 

More than even the swell of her breasts, the growth of hair between her legs had seemed like the advent of womanhood. She had remembered discovering her first boyfriend's Playboys and had been pleased to note that the hair between the legs of these busty dreamgirls was a match for that sprouting between her own. It had made her feel sexy and grown up.

Now fashions had changed but Delilah was always too much her own woman to give too much concern for that. Maybe ten years ago a man she had been particularly keen on had persuaded her to shave but she had hated it, felt awkward and exposed and strangely robbed of potency. Long before it had grown back that particular relationship had been over.

She had to admit though that a particularly luxuriant bush likehers leant a certain frisson to the first time she got naked for a man, especially a younger man, or let him put his his hand down her pants. There was always a risk it would freak him out and not in a good way. It was rare but more than one man had ended things right there. Such callow youths were hardly to be regretted though.

Her first time with Ethan, she had been wearing a tight white tee shirt and short denim skirt. Naturally his initial attention had all been about her tits. This wasn't really appropriate attire for a woman her age, she had been quite aware of that. She hadn't cared though, she was at a barbeque at a younger friend's on the first really hot of day of summer. If she needed to dress a bit slutty to get what she wanted, so be it.

Clearly it had worked. Ethan had come over to talk to her quite early on. He had done quite a good job but couldn't help glancing down at her chest every few minutes. Delilah had not been afraid to let him know she didn't mind.

Later, back at her place, he had been all over her. He was quite happy to give her arse a little squeeze but it was her tits that had his attention. She had let him strip her out of her top and pop her out of her bra and for quite a while he had been more than happy just to fondle, lick, nuzzle and nibble. She had leaned back on the couch, enjoying the attention.

Inevitably though, his hands had started to drift south. Rather than let him explore at leisure and make his discovery in his own time she decided to take control. She had stood up, turned and faced him, topless in her little denim skirt.

Her crotch was only inches from Ethan's face and she had his full attention as she undid the buttons on her skirt and let it drop to the floor.

Under the skirt, all she had on was a particularly skimpy pair of white panties. The material was both almost entirely transparent and no way big enough to cover her bush. It seemed to excentuate rather than hide her hairiness, an effect that was entirely deliberate.

Delilah kept her eyes on Ethan's, gauging his reaction as he took her in. His eyes widened in surprise, then filled with something like wonder and then with desire.

Ethan had reached out to touch the thin, gauzy white fabric, damp from her glistening pussy, and felt the mat of hair behind it, his breathing becoming shallow as he did. Somehow his fingers had found their way beneath her panties and were now running through the hairs of her bush, until they were parting her pussy lips and dipping into the pink, slippery sweetness within.

Ethan had fingered her til orgasm as she stood naked in front of him. Despite being topless he barely looked at the tits that had had him enraptured all evening. Almost as soon as she had come he had grabbed her by the hips and almost thrown her onto the couch, her legs splaying out as she feel. He had immediately gone down on her, burying his face deep inside her bushy cunt pushing her into a second orgasm. 

So, it was for no more than a second that she considered shaving it off.

Leaving the shower she took a large fluffy white towell out of the airing cupboard. She had showered with the door open and a powerful extractor fan had prevented the room getting too steamy. Still it was only the ghost of her figure that she could make out in the bathroom mirror.

She towelled herself down, roughly drying her hair before tossing the now damp towell away into the washing basket in the corner of the room. Then, every bit as naked as she had entered the room but now pink and damp, she left it and walked back down the hall, once again relishing the feel of the carpet beneath her feet.

As she entered her bedroom she looked at the clock by her bedside, twenty to three, maybe fifteen minutes to go. Sitting naked on the edge of her bed she spent then next ten minutes blowdrying and styling her long auburn hair so it fell artfully disheveled over her shoulders.

With perhaps only five minutes to go Delilah went to her lingerie drawer and picked out a slinky red negligee and slithered into it.

She admired herself in the mirror. Perhaps losing the stockings and suspenders wasn't such a mistake. The negligee was tight and clingy. It was also tiny. Deep cut, it barely covered her round tits. It concealed even less of her bush, the hem of the negligee dancing just above the line of her pussy lips.

It was a positively indecent garment. It could only be intended to be worne by a woman anticipating an imminent fucking and not wanting too much in the way of an impediment when she got it.

She smiled at her reflection. It was exactly the impression she wanted to be giving.

Moving swiftly, she swept gracefully round her flat in her indecent outfit and took two champagne flutes, an ice bucket and a bottle of Veuve Clicquot from the kitchen and placed them on the glass coffee table in her living room. 

She looked at the clock, two fifty five, any minute now. She paused, waited a minute, then opened the bottle herself and poured herself a glass. She paused for a minute longer and then perched on the edge of her sofa, her negligee riding up her bare, round bottom as she did.

She took a sip and looked at the clock. Two fifty eight. She felt a slight irritation rising in her, unfair as he wasn't even late yet and she had told him herself not be early again. She took another sip and then the doorbell rang. She looked up. He was right on time.

Delilah had just enough presence of mind to check through the peephole in her front door that it was infact Ethan ringing her bell and smiled as she took in his skinny frame and pale skin.

She opened the door wide to let him in. Anyone in the hallway behind Ethan would have had a full view of her lovely exposed body but there was nobody there.

Ethan grinned when he saw what she was wearing and all at once was all over her, dropping his satchel and wrapping his arms around her, grabbing her arse, taking handfuls of flesh, spreading her quivering cheeks as he greedily kissed her lips, her neck, running his lips down to her breasts.

Delilah enjoyed the strength of his adour, enjoyed being taken, the feeling that overpowered by her he had no choice but to overpower her. She also enjoyed the feel of his body against hers, skinny but wiry and unexpectedly powerful. In particular she liked feeling his cock stiffen and swell as it pushed up against her. 

She didn't really mind that they were making out in her hallway, visible to any passing stranger but thought perhaps it best if her neighbours didn't witness this.

She pushed him roughly away with a contemptuous gesture that didn't reflect the excitement she felt within.

Saying nothing at all, she turned on her heel and walked away from him, fully aware of his gaze fixated on her round arse, swaying under the dancing red hem of her negligee.

Ethan kicked his bag into the apartment and let the heavy door close behind him as he followed Delilah into her flat. He had just enough presence of mind to lose his shoes and socks, Delilah liked them dispenced with at an early stage, before following her into the living room.

He found his lover sitting on the edge of the sofa with her legs closed sipping champagne. She looked almost demure as she sat there primly, notwithstanding the slutty little number she had on. There was no hint of an invitation that he join her so he simply poured himself a drink and stood in front of her.

"Take your top off," Delilah's voice was low and sultry.

Ethan did as he was commanded, he managed to get a little mangled in his tee shirt but one slightly awkward little tug and he was free, standing bare chested in front of Delilah.

Delilah liked Ethan's chest. He was a skinny thing and she hadn't expected much but she had been pleasantly suprised. Of course there was no question of a six pack, Ethan wasn't the kind of guy to work out, but it was strong and supple, with whispy bits of hair around his nipples.

She looked him up and down, taking her time and drinking him in. She was seemingly oblivious to his slight awkwardness just standing there in front of him.

"Get your cock out." It was little more than a whisper but with an undertone of an animal growl.

Ethan fumbled with his belt clasp and button fly. Delilah just leaned back and watched, eyes fixed on his crotch, seemingly amused with the way his eagerness to oblige ran up against his self-consciousness in exposing himself to her.

His fly was open and the bulge in his boxers clearly visible. He was about to reach down and free himself when Delilah sat up and beckoned him closer with one finger. She opened her legs so he could come closer, spreading her cunt open as she did.

Ethan was now standing between Delilah's broad pale thighs, his throbbing crotch inches from her face. She reached up with one hand and rubbed his bulge through his boxers, feeling it swell further as she did.

She smiled up at him as she reached in, wrapped her fingers around his length and lifted him out of his pants, hooking his boxers underneath his balls with her other hand.

Keeping her eyes fixed on his she gave his cock a couple of stokes to make sure it was good and hard and then let go, leaving it dangling unsupported, jutting out into mid air.

Breaking eye contact she turned to give Ethan's magnificent member her full attention. Ethan was a geeky hipster type and she hadn't expected him to be well endowed but had given him the benefit of the doubt. 

So it had been a pleasant suprise, that first night at hers, to slip her hand down his pants and feel a real beast awakening to her touch. Not that he was enormous, just a pleasing width and an impressive length.

Delilah loved cock. It wasn't something she often cared to admit but it was true. She loved looking at them, loved the feel of them, loved the feel in her hand, in her mouth and her pussy. She also loved it when her lover would take his cock in his hand and drag it over her body, tracing the line of her back or across her belly and her tits.

She let out a low moan as she surveyed Ethan's, gently swaying just in front of her face. She sat upright, back arched and brought her face close to Ethan's cock. She nuzzled up to it, pushing it one side with her face, feeling its resistance as it stained to regain its equilibrium, and then pulled slowly back and let it slip and slide over her face as it resumed its position. She murmured as she felt it slap and tickle her.

He wanted her to suck it. She knew that and, whilst she loved to suck cock, loved sucking Ethan's cock in particular, that wasn't what she had in mind on this occasion. At least not yet. 

So after a minute or two of letting his cock play over her face she leaned back in in the sofa. She raised one bare leg and put her foot on Ethan's chest, pushing him away.

"On your knees."

He did as he was bid. He had already learned that Delilah was not one to relinquish control and that if he simply did everything she asked he would get everything he wanted in time. 
