 My roommate Annie was what you might call a "free spirit." I'd met her through a mutual acquaintance after my girlfriend and I had split up. She was looking for a roommate to take her spare bedroom; I desperately needed a place and she seemed pretty mellow.

Mellow, that is, until she'd finished a shift working at the bar around the corner from her place. It was only a week or so of my living at the apartment when she came home from work around 3 a.m., plastered and singing at the top of her lungs. I didn't mind it too much, figuring it was a one-time thing -- despite the fact I had to work in the morning.

Annie was a cute girl, although not super attractive. She had reddish curly hair that went about halfway down her back, a big smile and a fantastic rack. I'd checked it out a couple of times, but that's always as far as it'd go.

She had quite an ass to boot. We're talking about a healthy partier here, and alcohol means empty calories. Annie could have dropped 30 pounds and been a total knockout by anyone's standards, but her life was one of working, drinking while working, sleeping in, waking up to smoke weed, ordering takeout at noon, and ultimately doing it all over again.

Was I jealous? A little. She would bring home a conquest twice a week, if that. The walls were pretty thin, and Annie was a vocal fucker if ever there was one. Not just moaning, but commanding.

"Fuck me! Fuck my pussy!"

"That's right, fuck me."

"Ohh, yeah. Eat it. Right there."

It was definitely entertaining to wake up to that for the first month or so. After a while, however, it started to get really old. I was having a harder time falling back asleep, and as summer was getting in full swing, the heat was starting to be unbearable. Even at night, we were getting a heat wave and it was a chore just to fall asleep.

***

I woke up to the sound of Annie getting her brains fucked out again by some random character.

"OH! YEAH!" The bed was probably what I heard banging against the wall, followed by a thud that was not in time with the rampant screwing. Laughter. More yelling and fucking.

I rolled over and looked at the clock. 5:10 in the morning? Seriously? I closed my eyes and tried to fall back asleep, but Annie kept yowling. I could only imagine it, some random guy fucking her as her giant tits bounced around. Hey, it's not like you wouldn't have thought of it.

She must have come, because it got quiet. I heard some muffled talking, and then the apartment door closed. I waited for a bit and then decided to go hit up the bathroom.

Annie's room is right next to mine, and the bathroom is directly across the hall. So you can understand why it would happen that I'd walk out of my room to the bathroom, but see that her door was open...and turn to see what I saw.

The thud I'd heard? That was her bedside lamp on the floor, shade askew. The light was still on, although the bulb was flickering from the landing. And Annie?

Annie was spreadeagled across the bed, completely passed out. Snoring. I now had no fuzzy ideas as to what she might look like naked. Her tits were, as I suspected, fantastic and real. Her pubic hair was shaved into a small reddish landing strip, maybe an inch or so long. Her pussy was, if I may say so, perfect. Plump and slightly red from the battering it'd taken minutes before.

And like I said, Annie was sawing wood. Between her usual evening of shots over the bar with customers and the pounding she'd received, she was dead to the world.

I could have been a complete lech and tried to do something with her, but that would have been the wrong thing to do. However, part of me wanted to get a closer look -- and the least I could do was put the lamp back on the nightstand.

I very quietly walked in, just wearing a pair of boxers, getting up next to the bed. Her chest was slowly rising and falling from her heavy breathing; man, she had great tits! Just round and full and the perfect size nipples to boot. Women pay for boobs like these.

I put the lamp back on the nightstand as quietly as I could. I'm not sure how it happened, but the light went completely out, making the room dark. Somehow, and I can't figure it, Annie woke up at the same time.

"Hey there," she slurred, "You came back."

I opened my mouth to say something and then shut it. Maybe she'd fall back asleep or roll over or something.

Of course, that didn't happen. Instead, she reached out and felt my cock through my boxers.

"You want to go again?"

I couldn't help myself. I mean, I could have, but again -- you'd have done the same thing. I dropped my boxers in a split second and rolled her over on the bed, sliding my dick into her from behind. Grabbing the headboard, I slammed myself into her, getting the slickness of her pussy mixed with the slight friction of my shaft in between her ass cheeks.

Annie did not disappoint in the slightest.

"OH! Fuck me! FUCK. ME." She said some of the nastiest shit I'd heard in ages. It was wonderful. She called me the names of four or five different guys that I'd never even met, even looking me square in the face as I came on her.

She certainly didn't mind running the spectrum of positions, either. I came at one point with my cock in between those great tits, sending streams of cum on her face and in her mouth. She was licking it off as I turned her over on her hands and knees to start teasing her asshole with the head of my cock.

"Mmmmm," she purred, "Double-dog dare you."

I took that dare.

***

After she'd orgasmed for what seemed like the seventh time, she started to doze off. I laid there next to her for a few minutes, and finally snuck out and shut the door once the heavy breathing started.

The ride to work was a sensitive one. Every bump my car hit, my dick would get that slight tingle from having shot a few loads, and I'd think about banging my roommate.

So far, she's said nothing to me. I'm wondering if she knows I fucked her, or if maybe I've been a fantasy of hers that she think she fulfilled with some other guy. Either way, I'm not saying anything...and I'm not nearly as pissed when she wakes me up in the middle of the night.