 It had been a long week, and the only thing on my mind was getting out of work, and going to my favorite bar to kick back a few pints of beer. As I was leaving, I ran into a friend on the stairs. She was a stunning brunette, who stood about 5 feet 6 inches, with short hair, slender build, nice breasts, and legs that went on forever. I had always found her attractive, but it was not until we had worked together on a project last spring, that we really got to know each other, and I found her even more attractive. Recently, I had started to fantasize about her, and what it would be like to with her sexually. Anyway, her week must have been as bad as mine, because when I mentioned that I was going to the bar for a drink, she asked if I minded some company.

When we got to the bar, we had a few drinks, and played the usual get to know each other game of "Would you rather sleep with person A or person B", and had a lot of laughs along the way. As we both started to unwind from the hectic week, the talk became more flirtatious. I had mentioned to her before, how I had always fantasized about having sex in a public place - where there were people around, but who were not aware of you, or what you were doing. I had also told her that a friend of mine had mentioned to me, about this little alcove that was on the side alley to this bar, hidden behind some bushes. Most people walked by without ever noticing it. It was large enough to fit two people comfortably, with plenty of maneuvering room. She said that it sounded interesting, and that she would have to remember to check it out, the next time she was out on a hot date, as she gave me a wink.

Before I had a chance to respond, she stood up, leaned in close to my face, grabbed my hand, and said "Come on, let's play some pool." As the night wore on, the beers were flowing, and we both did a few shots of Jack. As we were playing, she brought up the alley story that I had told her about earlier. She mentioned how most guys would probably drag their girlfriends out there just to have a quickie, without any concern of whether she was enjoying herself or not. "Guys are all alike, as long as they get their rocks off, they don't care whether the woman is satisfied or not." Just as I was about to defend all mankind, the waitress came with another round, so I let it drop.

We had been at the bar for several hours, had more drinks than I could remember, and shot four rounds of pool, when she said that it was getting late, and that she was going to take off. I told her to hang on, and that I would walk her out. I went and settled our tab, and walked her to her car. 

We did the normal small talk, and I told her that I enjoyed the night, and that we would have to do it again sometime. I leaned in, to give her a quick kiss on the cheek, but at the last moment, she turned her head and met my lips straight on. Seizing the opportunity, I bent back in to give her a proper kiss, and then another. One thing quickly led to another, and before you know it, we were making out. We were leaning against her car, enjoying ourselves, when we were interrupted by a couple leaving the bar. 

When I turned back towards her to pick up where I left off, she had a glint in her eye, and a grin spread across her lips. She said "You know, it's a shame we don't have someplace more private to go, like an alley or something." Returning her grin, I grabbed her hand, and said "Follow me".

I led her to the other side of the bar, and down the side alley, which led to the overflow parking lot. We went down about halfway, before I stopped. I looked around to make sure no one was around, and then pulled her through the overgrown bushes that were blocking our destination, a 4 foot by 4 foot square alcove, built into the building. I turned to her and said, "As you wished my lady". It wasn't exactly the Ritz, but it was private enough, even though people could walk by no more than 3 feet from where we now stood. I turned towards her and said "Where were we ... oh Yes", and with that, proceeded to kiss her again.

She was wearing her gray skirt, with the green and red checkered pattern. Whenever she wore it to work, it always reminded me of a Catholic school girl's uniform. I had many fantasies about her in that skirt, and of how badly I wanted to have my face nestled between those killer legs, that were under that skirt.

I snapped back to reality, with the sound of two guys walking down the alley, stumbling over each other, and shouting rather loudly. We both stopped and looked at each other, to see if they had seen us, but they just walked right on by. We looked at each other, and both gave a sigh of relief. Neither one of us wanted to be caught before the fun even had a chance to begin.

I went back to kissing her now, very softly at first, giving both of us time, to become familiar with each other's mouth. As our kissing became stronger, I started to rub her leg at the base of her skirt, and slowly worked my way into her inner thigh. I knew I got her attention, by the sudden gasp she let out. I slowly caressed her thigh with my fingertips, ever so gently. She seemed receptive to my bold exploration however, as she jammed her tongue in my mouth, while pulling me closer. I was tempted to go further right then and there, but remembered what she had said earlier, and decided to delay my pleasure (and hers) for at least a little while longer.

I took my hand out from under her skirt, and pulled her tight against my body. I had grown hard by now, and realized that she was aware of this too, by the little smirk that spread across her face. I picked up the pace of my kissing, as I slowly let my tongue explore her mouth. I slid my hands down her back, tracing the line of her spine. As our kissing continued, I slid my hands further down her back, until I was cupping her ass with my hands.

I pulled her tight against my body, and we started to grind back and forth. If there was any question before about the hardness of my dick, that question had been answered. I helped guide her rocking motion, as my hands directed her body over my groin from behind. All I could think of, was how badly I wanted to be inside her at this very moment. She must have been reading my mind, because no sooner had I thought that, when she slid her hands straight down my chest, and onto my pants. She pulled down my zipper and slid one hand inside my fly before I snapped out of the fantasy. I grasped her hand, and pulled it back out. "Unh unh" I said, "not yet. Tonight is all about your pleasure."

I slid my hand back up under her skirt, and straight back to the familiar territory of her thigh. Only this time, it was for a short pit stop. As I was rubbing her leg, I slid my hand gently over the outside of her panties, and over her mound. It must have surprised her, because she let out a loud gasp. We looked to see if anyone had heard us, but luckily no one did. I continued rubbing her pussy, as I traced up and down her slit through her panties. Besides the quickened pace of our kissing, I knew she was enjoying herself, as I felt her underwear start to get wet. I was rubbing her back and forth, and would tease her every now and then, by sliding a finger along the elastic band on her thigh. But I always made sure to pull back, before my finger would slide under her panties.

By this point, I decided to see how hot I could make her feel, before releasing her anguish. I must have been doing a better job than I thought, because after a few more minutes she started to moan. Low at first, but her volume increased, as did her wetness. Her moaning had taken it's desired effect on me, and weakened my resolve. I placed my finger inside the top rim of her panties, along her leg, and moved my fingers down and to the inside with a quick motion. In doing so, I was able to expose her pussy to the night air, freeing my hands for easier access and exploration.

I pushed her back against the wall, and stared straight into those amazing brown eyes of hers, as I slid my fingers up and down her crack. She was so wet, that it took almost no effort to slip first one, and then two fingers inside her warm pussy. I started to slide my fingers in and out, with a slow and steady motion. The whole time, still keeping my eyes locked on hers. After a few minutes, she closed her eyes, and slid her leg up against my body, granting me easier access. I kept moving my fingers back and forth, altering the pace, the whole time enjoying the sound of her breathing becoming heavier. I leaned in and started to kiss her neck, with the occasional nibble here and there. 

As I quickened the pace of my fingers, I leaned in close to her, and started to whisper into her ear. I told her how I wished it was my cock that was buried deep inside her pussy, instead of my fingers. Of how badly I wanted to be inside her right now, thrusting back and forth, back and forth. Faster and faster until I couldn't control myself any longer, and exploded deep inside her as our bodies melted. She was so warm and wet inside, and my fingers started to make a squishing sound as they slid in and out, in and out. Her muscles clamped down on my fingers, and her moaning grew louder, as my dick ached with the desire of being in her.

I told her how hot she was, and how many times I had fantasized about doing this to her. I started to change the pace of my thrusts, to match the pace of her breathing, until we were in perfect harmony. I knew she was not going to be able to last much longer, so I decided it was time to go for the prize. I moved my fingers until I trapped her clit between them. It only took a few seconds of flicking it back and forth, before her body started to shake, and she stifled a scream. Her pussy clamped down around my fingers as she orgasmed, and a steady wave of cum flowed down my hand.

It was extremely powerful, and lasted for about 45 seconds before she was able to finally catch her breath. I could feel her heart pounding against my chest. She looked up at me and smiled, and slumped her head against my shoulder, as she let out a sigh. I slid my fingers out, and raised them to my face. She opened her eyes, wondering where my hand had gone. I took a deep whiff of my fingers, as her scent drifted to my nose. It was such a strong and intoxicating smell, that I felt light headed. 

I slipped one of the fingers in my mouth, as I savored the taste of her juices. By this point I was quite aroused, and expected my cock to burst through my jeans, if I didn't start paying it some attention soon. I needed more of her amazing taste, but before I could put the other finger in my mouth, she grabbed my hand, and stuck both fingers in her mouth. She stared up at me, as she proceeded to go down on my fingers, sucking off her own cum. Her lips caressed my fingers, as she started to bob her head up and down, up and down. She sucked on my fingers, until every last drop of her had been wiped off.

My dick sprang back to attention, as I thought I was going to lose it right then and there. I had never wanted someone so badly in my life, as I wanted her in that very moment. I wished that her lips were instead spread around my aching cock, milking it for all it was worth. My mind flashed to a story she had told me earlier in the night (after several shots), about when it came to giving blow jobs, all girls fit into one of two categories. They were either a 'spitter' or 'swallower', and how she was the later. She said that she felt it was rude not to swallow when giving a blow job, and how she enjoyed the taste of semen. That surprised me, since most girls I knew never swallowed, and hated the taste of cum.

Although I wanted badly to test out her theory, I still wasn't finished pleasuring her yet. After all, I had to prove to her that not all guys were the same, about being concerned only with their own pleasure. I slid my fingers out of her mouth, and kissed her. I was so aroused at the taste of her own scent on her lips, that I knew I couldn't wait any longer.

I got down on my knees, and flipped her skirt over my head, as I nestled my face up between her sweet thighs. For the second time that night, I became dizzy by the overwhelming smell of her cum, still flowing from her slit. The light that was in the alley behind us, shed just enough light, for me to get my first glimpse of her pussy. She was cleanly shaven, with just a thin little patch of triangular hair above her crotch, as if pointing the way. I pulled back her lips, and gave a few light kisses before diving my tongue in between her folds, and up into her sweet hole. The taste was even more amazing, then what I had imagined. 

I couldn't control myself, as I darted my tongue in and out with uncontrollable lust. She clamped her hands on the side of my head, and pulled my face closer into her groin. She started to rub her hands through my hair in little circles, as she started to breathe harder. Her juices started flowing now in streams, as her cum ran over my face, and down my cheek. God how I wanted her in that moment. My tongue probed farther and farther into her slit, as my hands reached around and started massaging her ass. I ran a finger ever so lightly down the outside of her crack, as I continued alternating between fucking her with my tongue, and sucking on her clit. 

After what seemed like a blissful eternity, she climaxed. Wave after wave of cum washed over me, as I did my best to lap up every last drop of it. This time she was unable to stifle her scream, and yelled out a few 'encouraging' expletives. After a few minutes of savoring the moment, she was finally able to catch her breath. I reached down and picked up her black panties, and stuck them in my pocket. A little souvenir, to remember this amazing night. Little did I know that the night was still young, and that the fun was just beginning.

When she finally calmed down from her orgasm, she started to kiss me again. She kissed me deeply, as she sucked her juices from my mouth, as she had done earlier with my finger. She thanked me for giving her one of the strongest orgasms she had ever experienced. I told her that I was glad I could help, and hoped that this now showed her that not all guys were the same. With that, I grabbed her hand, and turned to walk back into the alley.

She pulled me back and said 'Not so fast, now it's my turn to return the favor Chip'. What could I say, I was raised never to argue with a lady. With that seductive little grin that I was now becoming quite familiar with, she slowly moved her hands down my chest, and back to my zipper.

But that's another story...