 Monica swept into my surgery on a Thursday. She was a strikingly tall woman, six foot tall in bare feet. Her incredible legs were long in relation to her whole tall body. This was emphasised by a short, mid-thigh skirt and matching heels. Her legs were simply a thing of fantasy. But when you could tear your eyes and mind from them, you realised how much else there was to appreciate. Monica had a very pretty face framed by a short brunette haircut which only seemed to emphasise again her height. Her lips were full and incredibly kissable. She had a strong slim neck and the most wonderful breasts, full, ample and raised. 

I was in the reception when she entered. I could feel myself draw breath. Here was an astonishingly beautiful woman. Chloe, my receptionist, also responded as this vision came in. She wriggled visibly and audibly. Then she slipped from her seat and moved round her desk to greet Monica. This was not Chloe's normal method of greeting patients. I recognised the same response in her as in myself. I had discovered Chloe's bisexuality recently when she had trumped my fantasy. Monica plainly filled her with lust. 

I ushered Monica into my room. We exchanged pleasantries and I invited her to call me Sam. She smiled. 

"Thank you, Sam. I'm Monica."

"How can I help?" I asked. 

"It is quite delicate." She replied and blushed. She looked nervously down from my eyes. "You see ... I think I may have caught an STD."

"Well, have you visited an STD clinic? They can give you a swift diagnosis and the best help."

"I'm too embarrassed." She shook her head still looking down. "I would prefer to come somewhere that is more discrete and ..." She looked up and her deep brown eyes locked onto mine. "and to have very personal attention."

"Of course." I replied, only too glad that this ravishing creature had come to me. I looked her back in the eyes. "I'm delighted to offer you my services. You simply have to ask if there is anything you need."

Her tension eased a little and I felt it was time to return to the professional. "Tell me about your symptoms."

"Well I feel sore and I'm in pain. It particularly hurts when I pee and I feel the need to pee quite a lot."

"I see. Well, that may not necessarily be an STD." I said.

"Really?"

"No. It sounds a little more like a urinary tract infection. They are quite common and easily treated."

"I was so worried. To be honest, I've been living what I know is a risky lifestyle - sleeping around." She laughed nervously. "I have very strong sexual desires. And I like to fulfil them, Sam." Again, she looked me deep in the eyes as she confessed. 

"Would you like me to examine you?" I offered.

"Yes, I would." She murmured.

I looked at her long legs and felt my cock stir at the thought. "Well, you may undress and put on this gown." I showed her the white cotton robe that was little bigger than an apron. "Then lie down on the exam table and put your feet in the stirrups."

I sat back down behind my desk and pretended to search for something on my computer. But I was watching Monica. She unzipped her dress and slipped it off. She stood in matching black satin panties and bra, patterned top hold up stockings and her heels. My erection rose in my boxers. My hand slipped down from the keyboard.

She reached down to lift off her heels, glancing up as she did so. Our gaze met. I could not look away. She turned and put her foot on the chair. She rolled down the stocking along her incredible leg. She turned a little more so I could admire her arse as she took off the other stocking. I had never enjoyed a striptease quite as much as this. Monica stood up and uncliiped her bra. Invisibly to me I felt her wonderful breasts fall out of the cups. She looked over and smiled and then finally whipped off her panties. Her back to me, just a few feet away, she was standing naked; quite gloriously naked. She picked up the gown and flicked her arms through it. Nonchalantly, she walked to the table, not bothering to tie the cotton string around her. For her, the table was comparatively low and she easily rested her beautiful arse on it, fell back and lifted her feet and ankles to the stirrups.

I had to shake myself. Tall and beautiful, she had me rapt. But naked before me, I was almost stunned. I stirred and moved to the table.

"I'm just going to take a look and then take a couple of swabs to go to the lab." I explained. I don't know how I had returned to my professionalism. 

"I'm ready, Sam", Monica breathed.

I lifted the front of her gown. It revealed a perfectly waxed pussy atop the longest legs I had ever seen or touched. I pushed the stirrups apart swinging her legs open. I could see a little redness around her lips to indicate an infection.

"Would you like me to apply a little analgesic cream so that it won't hurt as much?" I enquired.

"Oh yes." Monica replied.

I placed a little cream on the tips of my fingers. As gently as I could, I rubbed it on the outside edge of her pussy lips. Almost instantly, the air was filled with a pungent smell of pheromones. Her juice was powerfully strong! I folded the cream just a little on the inside of her lips just opening the pussy a fraction. Monica sighed heavily.

I stopped for a moment to allow the cream to numb the soreness. I gazed at her legs and then looked over to her face. She was laying back serenely, eyes closed.

"I'm going to take the swabs now, Monica." I warned her.

"Yes, Sam." She murmured. I swiftly slid the first cotton swab on its wooden spatula inside her. And a second, putting them in the tubes to mark up and send to the lab later.

Her head rolled, eyes opened and she smiled at me invitingly. I took the invitation. "Would you like me to give you a more intimate exam?" I asked.

She bit her lower lip and nodded. She turned her head back and closed her eyes again. I lifted the gown up and folded it above her breasts. Then with one hand on her thigh stroking the firm, beautiful leg, I started to stroke her tit. Her nipples were long and as hard as rubber corks. I stroked them as I massaged her breasts. My mouth quickly joined my hand, kissing and sucking the other tit. I grazed the nipple with my teeth. Meanwhile my hand continued to caress her thigh. Some part of my mind hand never left those legs. It slowly worked its way up the inside of her thigh. By now the air was racked with the scent of her juices. It was almost overpowering. My finger touched her pussy and found it soaking. I slipped two fingers in quickly and she flinched and grimaced. But she wasn't going to stop at all. My fingers worked inside her. I curled them up to find the ridges of her g-spot and stroked. Lifting my head, my other hand came down to her mound, pushed up and exposed her clit. With my thumb, I began pressing and rubbing it. Monica was silent through all this. But I saw her breathing become heavier and faster. My fingers thrust and curled harder. My thumb flicked over her clit more quickly. Her legs braced and then her hips bucked. I felt her pussy lips clamp around my fingers and her body shudder. I watched her orgasm flood through her body.

Although I was hard and horny as hell, I stopped there. Monica let her head roll and she thanked me. I smiled. Then I said, "But I'm going to need you to pee into this cup so I can confirm it's just a UTI! In the meantime, I will prescribe a general antibiotic that's likely to clear everything up. But if you want to come back next week, I will have the test results and I can confirm or give you a more targeted antibiotic."

Monica slipped off the exam table and dressed. "I will come back, Sam. You gave me the personal attention that I wanted. I have not had sex for days because I was so worried about this and it hurt so much. But still, that was a wonderful hand job!"

I signed the prescription form and gave it to her, savouring her presence- her tall, gracious presence. And then she left. Chloe appeared a few moments later.

"I could smell her out in the reception, Doctor. What on earth did you do?"

"I don't quite know, Chloe. I think she is not just tall and striking, but she has an enormously powerful sex drive too."

"An Amazon!" chuckled Chloe.

I laughed. "You liked her too, didn't you Chloe?"

"Oh my goodness, yes."

"Book her in for the last appointment next Thursday. I think you may want to see how things develop." I smiled.

"Oh, thank you, Sam.", said Chloe hesitating for a moment. "... I don't suppose I could do anything for you?"

"... I am somewhat covered in pre-cum", I replied.

Chloe stepped through the door into the room. She was swiftly kneeling beside me as I sat on the swivel chair. Quickly and expertly, her hands unzipped me. My cock sprung to attention again and her lips were around my cock tip. Licking and sucking, she made sure that I owed her a favour the following week.

....

Thursday arrived and so did Chloe. She looked quite stunning that day at work. Her long brunette hair was fuller and silkier today. Unusually for her, she was wearing a navy dress. It suited her colouring and her figure and legs looked fabulous in it. Clearly, both of us were impatient for the afternoon appointments to come.

And indeed around 4pm, Monica arrived. I had forgotten how breathtakingly tall she was. I'd forgotten how the sight of her legs instantly made you want them wrapped around you, squeezing every last breath out of you as you imagined her riding you. But I had promised Chloe that I would allow her some time to feast her eyes on Monica in the reception before showing her in. I heard them talking in a lively fashion, establishing a quick and easy friendship.

I buzzed the intercom. "Chloe, could you send Miss Fontaine through?"

A moment later the door opened and Chloe showed Monica into the consulting room. The two looked stunning but Monica towered over Chloe who had practical, flat shoes on. Monica in her heels must have stood a foot taller, her waist at Chloe's sweet breasts.

"Come in, Monica. Please sit down." I gestured, but my eyes were fixated on her legs again. Her dress was a little shorter still this time. I could see the pattern of the stocking tops, as she sat and her legs stretched out.

I nodded to Chloe. I had agreed to leave the intercom open. She shut the door returning to her desk.

"How are you, Monica? Did you complete the antibiotics course?"

"I did. And I'm feeling much better. No pain at all."

"The results came back from the lab. It was a common infection - painful but nothing serious. The antibiotic course should have cleared everything up. Another sample and we can confirm."

"Thank you, Sam. You were exactly what I was looking for." Monica smiled and looked in my eyes.

"Have you been able to resume your sex life?" I asked as nonchalantly as I was able.

"Well, I wanted to. Except I was worried about it until I could get the test results. So I haven't..." She leaned closer which had the effect of whispering into the intercom. "And don't I just feel that now!"

Suddenly, a faint waft of her pheromones filled the air.

"Have you been trying other ways to satisfy yourself?" I asked.

"What do you mean?" she leant back.

"There are other ways a woman can be pleasured or might pleasure herself. Watching erotic films ... touching her breasts ... using a vibrator non-vaginally ... sucking a man's cock ... A woman of your experience, I'm sure you have come up with many ideas."

"Would you consider me boring if I told you that I don't really experiment much for the slut I am?" she said playing along.

"Not at all." I replied. "If that doesn't interest you, then there's no reason to consider it."

Monica leant back again and thought for a moment. "Supposing I did want to consider it?" She asked. The scent in the room grew stronger. And my erection hardened.

"If you lay on the exam table again, what would intrigue you?" I asked

Monica continued to be coy. "Such as?" She deflected.

"Monica. You are stunningly attractive - to both men and women. My receptionist, Chloe, could hardly contain herself."

"Chloe! Beautiful Chloe. Well now that is a prospect." She replied. The air was now hanging with the scent of Monica's juices. She was flowing.

"Time for your exam?" I asked.

"Yes." Said Monica, standing up, lifting her dress over her head. This time she wore no bra - just a white thong which was soaked. "And bring Chloe in."

I stood; the bulge in my trousers was prominent. I leaned over the table and feigned to press the intercom. "Step in, Chloe."

Monica pulled off her shoes and her thong. She stood her full six foot in just her stockings as Chloe lightly jogged into the room. Chloe was delighted and expressed it by immediately pulling off her dress and showing she was wearing nothing underneath.

"Sam." said Monica. "You should undress with us."

I smiled and started to unzip my trousers, hastily kicking off my shoes. Chloe lead Monica to the exam table and I watched as they caressed each other. Chloe was clearly overpowered by this extraordinary woman, while Monica was equally curious and excited.

I pulled off my trousers and boxers as Monica climbed on the table. I watched as Monica lay back and Chloe straddled her face. Chloe leaned forward and started to massage Monica's boobs, playing the wonderful long, rigid nipples with her fingers. Monica's legs were already parted and searching to wrap around something. Chloe lowered her pelvis inviting Monica to lick her pussy. Then I could see from Chloe's face that Monica had taken up her invitation.

I moved between Monica's long legs. My cock was desperate by now. I rubbed its head along Monica's pussy gathering her strong juices. She arched and reached to pull me inside. Her hand quickly grabbed my cock and her pussy lips swallowed the long shaft. I started to pump myself on her. I reached for her leg and lifted it up against me. Her long thigh reached so her knee dropped over my shoulder. I took her other leg and swung it over my shoulder in the same way so we were in the butterfly position. I knew then how long and hard and deep my penetration would be inside her and I emphasised the longest strokes in and out of her. At the same time, the position closed her pussy tighter against my cock – the tight friction felt so good. It tilted Monica's head back a little more, allowing Chloe to lean forward a little more. Our faces were close and Chloe smiled at me.

"You look good wearing Monica's legs like that, Doctor." She said cheekily. I smiled back.

"It's nothing to how they feel!" I replied.

We continued fondling and licking and fucking for several minutes. Each of us was feeling the urge to cum beginning to build. Chloe's finger had slipped to her clit as Monica worked on her pussy more. Then I saw her clutch and spasm. Chloe's orgasm tipped Monica over the edge and I felt her buck. My cock instantly responded and started shooting its load inside Monica. I felt my cock bury its load deep inside her as she jerked and bucked to the climax washing through her body.

Chloe climbed down off the table as my cock slid out of Chloe's body. Monica rested her feet back on the exam table. Chloe soon had her face buried between Monica's legs. She was keen to feel the strong thighs around her and taste the perfectly waxed, scented pussy.

I moved along beside Monica, brushing my hands over the incredible breasts of this Amazon.

"And how was your treatment?" I asked as my lips touched her lips.

"Exactly what I needed, Sam."