 I came in to find you in the middle of a photo shoot, wearing a naughty nursemaid’s outfit that you left open in the middle at the front, exposing the curve of your luscious breasts. In the back the outfit only came down just below your pussy and just below the edge of that sexy ass, occasionally riding up and showing the bottom of that luscious bubble. 

You saw me and recognized me immediately, though your photographer didn’t and tried to get me to leave. You stopped the photographer and told him to go take a break for awhile. I came over to you and you backed away, leaning back against the table as you tossed your hair over your shoulder and smiled. 

“Nurse, I have a problem…” I said as I approached you, getting ready to reach out as I did. You playfully smacked my hands away and shook a finger at me before you spoke.

“Well I’m no doctor, but tell me your problem and maybe I can help you out.” You said seductively, a sly smile coming over your face as your eyes traveled down over my body and mine over yours.

“Well let me show you what the problem is.” I said as I began undoing my pants and letting them drop to the floor, followed by my boxers, freeing up my cock, which was already huge and swollen, almost begging for you as it popped out. “It’s been like this for awhile, I can’t get it to go down no matter how hard I concentrate on something else. Can you help me?”

You gasp as you see my cock, then you slide a hand down over yourself and begin rubbing yourself slowly through the fabric of your panties. You keep your eyes locked on my cock and you stumbled over your words slightly, but you find your breath and begin to sink down as you speak.

“I think I might be able to help you relieve the pressure of that. Let me see.” You say as your hand wraps around my cock and you gently begin to stroke me. I stop you before you can get down and put my hard member in your mouth and I pull you back up to you can look into my eyes. My other hand slides down and I begin rubbing you just as you did before, feeling that the fabric of your panties is already wet with anticipation. 

“I think you have a problem there too, nurse Vicky, maybe I could help you with that while you help me with my problem.” I say, causing your eyes to light up. I slowly undo the nursemaid outfit from you and you shrug out of it, then pull the nurse’s cap from your head and toss it aside, letting the rest of your hair fall down. You then pull my shirt off and toss it aside, then lean in and kiss me on the collarbone and suck on my skin gently before I slide my hands down the back of your thong and slowly peel it from you. 

We make our way to a nearby couch and you spin me around so I’ve got my back to the couch, then you lay me back on the couch. But before you can slide down between my thighs, I pull one of your legs up over my head so that you have nowhere to go but to position yourself straddling my face.

 I lean up and slurp my tongue over your waiting pussy as you move in over my cock and slowly run your tongue over the bottom of my swollen shaft. You then take my hot, hard, throbbing pole into your mouth and wrap your hand around it again and begin bobbing your head and your hand up and down on my cock fast and hard. I felt myself already begin throbbing hard and fast as you worked my cock deep into your mouth, sucking and humming on it occasionally as you worked it up and down. I slid my hands up to your ass and I began massaging it as I worked my tongue deep into you. You writhed on my tongue as you kept working my cock harder and faster, feeling it expand slightly and get hotter in your mouth as it began to fill and swell with cum. I felt your pussy begin to contract and rumble even as I replaced my tongue with my fingers and I began sucking on your clit and working my tongue around it in fast circles before working my lips side to side on you. You keep bucking against my fingers as your mouth and tongue work over my cock hard and fast. I finally can take no more and I pull my mouth off your clit and I grunt loud, spewing hot cum everywhere even as I continue to work my tongue and mouth over you and my fingers inside you. Finally you pull your mouth off my cock and moan loud, thrashing slightly and spasming hard as you cum. You moan again in delight, then spin yourself around and lay down on my chest, the two of us breathing heavily, our hearts beating fast.

“Did that make it go down baby?” you ask, not feeling my still hard member down between your still spread legs, not touching either of them. I bend a little and look down to see if it is still hard and I sigh.

“No Nurse Vicky, it’s still hard. I don’t know what we can do to make it go down.” I reply.

“I think I have an idea. Just relax baby.” You say, sliding up over top of my cock and slowly lowering yourself down onto me, impaling my cock deep into you pussy as you work down into me. You began riding me, rocking back and forth hard on me, placing your hands on the couch behind my head and grinding your hips down into me hard and fast right away. You threw your head back in ecstasy as you pulled my hands up and placed them over your breasts, letting me cup my hands over them as you ride me.

“Oh God your pussy feels so good Vicky, I’m sure you’ll get that thing to go down now.” I said as you rode me harder and faster, bouncing up and down on my cock. No matter how hard you bounced, I wouldn’t cum right away, so you shifted your legs out farther to the sides and began simply rocking your hips up and down on me, working my cock up in and out of you with only the effort of your hips. It didn’t take long at this rate for either you or I to build up to an explosive cum, me feeling your hot, silky pussy tighten violently on my cock even as you worked up and down on me. 

“Oh Fuck Ryan I’m gonna cum! Oh GOD MMMMMMMMM!!!!!” are the words that escaped your lips just before you and I both came hard, you spasming backward, then collapsing onto me as I thrust my  cock up into you and shot my hot load into your hungry, waiting pussy.

 I rolled you onto your side and I pulled out of you slowly, letting what was left of my load still leak into you. I looked down at my cock and to my surprise it was STILL hard somehow. You looked down and saw the same and a look of astonishment came over your face. You slid a hand around it and moved down past my feet, turning and kneeling on all fours in front of me. You tugged me up by my cock and slowly guided it into you. My hands slid to your hips and I began working myself into you as I stroked into you smooth and sure. I pulled you back into me as I thrust into you each time, my balls slapping up against you as I kept working my hard shaft into you deep and fast. I keep slapping the two of us together hard and fast, my hands massaging and gently smacking that luscious ass while I worked you over. I kept riding your pussy for all that I was worth, still trying to get rid of this massive hard-on that I was now pumping in and out of your hungry pussy. It didn’t take long to get back up to nearly cumming, neither for you or me, your pussy wrapping hard around my cock as it throbbed and I rammed it into you hard and fast. Finally I drove it deep into you as I felt you spasm once again and cum hard back on me as I exploded into you hard and deep, spewing my entire load into you.

I pulled out of you again and to my amazement found that I was still hard somehow. You, collapsed forward as you were, managed to draw in enough breath to speak…

“Is it down yet baby?” You spoke in an exhausted voice. I sighed a deep, sad sigh, not wanting to tell you that I was still hard.

It was then that you scooted to the side slightly and looked back to see my still hard member jutting out. I shook my head in disbelief, wondering how the hell it couldn’t have gone down yet. I get up and walk over to where my clothes are on the floor and I begin to pick them up. It’s then that I hear your voice one last time….

“Ryan baby, there’s still one hole we have yet to try….” You call to me as you scoot to the side slowly, thrusting your luscious ass out toward me. You prop yourself up by your shoulders on the back of the couch and you slide your hands back and spread your ass cheeks, revealing that cute little pucker. 

I dropped my clothes and made my way over slowly. I asked the obvious question as I settled in behind you and I began pressing the head of my cock against the entrance to your ass….

“You sure you want me to do this Vicky?” I said

“If it gets rid of that raging hard-on and I get some pleasure out of it, then yes.” You replied.

I pull you back into me slowly, working the head of my cock into your asshole, then slowly working it deep into your ass inch by inch until I seated it in as deep as I could go. You grunted and moaned the whole way, just as I did while working into you. You gasped as I pulled out of you slowly, almost all the way back past the head, then worked it back into  you.

“Mmmm damn it hurts a little bit, but it also feels soooo good baby.” You say as I keep working it into you and out of you slowly, finally picking up the pace a little bit as I felt my cock expanding. I knew you must have felt it because your hole was now squeezing my cock and you were clenching and releasing the muscles of it as I worked in and out faster, trying to milk my cock and make me cum hard inside your ass. I felt myself begin to throb and I knew I needed to please you. In doing this, I slid a hand down and began fingering your pussy and molesting your clit with my thumb, causing you to writhe against my hand more and more as I worked my cock in and out of your hot, tight ass. I finally could hold it no longer and I immediately began working my fingers on you rapidly, wanting you to cum hard even as I did. You were satisfied only moments later and a split second after that I worked my cock deep into your ass and blew my load inside you. I slowly pulled out, and you continued clenching the muscles of your ass to milk every last drop out of my cock. Finally I pulled out of you and I felt a sensation I’d not felt all day. I looked down and my cock was beginning to soften slightly. You looked back at me and saw that my cock was softening and you smiled.

“Hot damn we finally got that thing to go down, I don’t know if I could have taken much more baby.” You said as I pulled back from you. I walked away and I retrieved our clothes, handing you all of your outfit back, including the thong. I watched as you got dressed, buttoning up that outfit and replacing the cap on your head even as I got dressed. I turned to leave and you grabbed my arm, then handed me the thong and smiled, then pulled me close and kissed me deeply one last time as your photographer walked back in.

“Keep this baby, you’ve earned it…”