 This is just a quick story that hit me all at once. I hope everyone enjoys it and please vote. I have been a member here for a couple of years, but, after submitting my own work, I realize how important feedback is to an author, so vote and comment. Thank you.

*******************

Mike didn't know what to do with himself. At 48, this was the first time in decades that he had nothing to do on a weekday afternoon. Mike was the Executive VP of Sales for a mid-sized tech firm. He just returned to Chicago from London where he closed the biggest contract in his company's history. If all went according to plan, the company would make hundreds of millions of dollars on the deal, and Mike was in line for a high six figure bonus. As a result, the Company president said the least he could do was give him the rest of the day off. DAMN RIGHT, that was the LEAST he could do. However, Mike put his animosity against the President aside and relaxed because he knew the CEO, the son of the Company Founder, had his back.

So what does a grown man do at 11:30 am on a Wednesday when he is not at work? He could not go to sleep, even though he had been up for almost 24 hours. If he laid down now, he would be up all night and not worth shit at work tomorrow. He slowly smiled. He would treat himself to a nice lunch, then go see the new Magnificent Seven movie. His wife does not like westerns, so he would not get another opportunity to see it before it came to On Demand.

After a shower, shit, and shave, Mike stared in his closet trying to decide what to wear. Again he smiled. It was an off day, so he put on his $100 sweatpants from Lululemon (his wife bought those, he would NEVER spend that much on sweats no matter how much he made), and a nice t-shirt. He checked himself out in the mirror. He had that "executive spread" going around the middle, but he was still built like the football player he was in college. Plus, he had started doing CrossFit about 6 weeks ago and it was starting to show. He had not attended classes while he was in London, but he took full advantage of the exercise room at the hotel. 

Although it was mid October, the sun was out and it was close to 80 degrees, which was a nice change from the 65 degrees it was when he left Chicago 2 weeks ago. With this weather, Mike decided to take out (probably for the last time this year) his restored, 1967 candy apple red Volkswagen Karmann Ghia convertible to this great Mexican restaurant in Pilsen. With the top down and the music up, Mike was off to enjoy his lunch and movie.

********

Sonja sighed as she stood in her closet wearing her white lace shelf bra and matching thong. She was dreading this lunch. Sonja had to take the day off to attend this working meeting with other mothers from her son's school. It was the main planning meeting for the Christmas, sorry, Winter play. These women argued about everything. Since many of them were stay at home moms, this was one of many committees that they sat on. Sonja's time was limited since she worked full time as a social worker, but it was important to her to be involved in her son's school activities, and he was always happy when she volunteered, so dealing with these women was worth it to her.

She did not know what to wear. As she is looking through her closet, she spied a yellow sundress she has not worn in 2 summers. It was such a nice day out, she decided to wear it today. After trying it on, she realized that she could not wear the bra she had on. After rummaging through her drawer, she realize that she does not have a bra that works with the dress. The one that she had on was the right color, but it showed through the neck opening. The one that fit right was blue, and showed through the dress. Sonja decided that she would go without a bra. The bodice of the dress was tight enough to support her breast without a bra. She kept the white thong on, went with bare legs (it is a sundress after al), and some tan strappy sandals with 3 1\2 in heels. She looked at herself in the mirror. For 46, she thought she looked damn good.

Sonja was on the committee with Jennifer, wife of a lawyer, Julie, wife of a doctor, Angie, a single mother who works as a therapist for autistic children, and Maria. Maria and her husband owned a small Mexican restaurant in the Pilsen neighborhood of Chicago. Whenever Maria was on a committee, the meetings always took place at the restaurant since they weren't rushed to leave, and it had the best Mexican food on the south side of Chicago. So, Sonja grabbed her purse and headed out.

As she expected, the women argued about everything, from the name of the play to which kids would act and which would be the crew. Sonja only half listened. Her son was a kind and friendly kid who would fulfill any slot that the play needed. He just enjoyed being part of the theatre group. As they were finalizing the assignments, Angie started telling stories about her latest "boy toy," Ray.

"The first time we had sex was this summer out by my pool. We were making so much noise, my neighbor came out to her yard and yelled over the wall between our yards. I stood up to look over the wall and keep her from approaching. While I was talking to her, Ray knelt down between me and the wall, and planted his mouth right on my pussy. It took everything I had to keep up the conversation. It was the sexiest thing I had ever done. When she left, Ray laid me down on the lounge chair and just pounded me fast and hard. He's only 22, so he has no technique, but what he lacks in technique he makes up in enthusiasm. And 7 ½ inches feels good no matter what it is doing." Sonja thought back to her college days. One of her boyfriends had an 8 inch penis, however, he had no idea how to use it properly. He thought the fact that it was 8 inches should impress any girl and she should worship him. They only had sex once.

As Maria finished the first of many stories, Sonja saw him walk through the door. He had on a pair of those stylish sweats and a white t-shirt that hugged his upper body. He looked familiar, but Sonja couldn't place him. After glancing at him over the next 5 minutes, it finally dawned on her. He was Bryce's dad from her son's school. Everyone knew Bryce. Bryce is the star forward on the school basketball team. All the girls have a crush on him. Sonja can see where he gets his looks. He is a dead ringer for his dad. Yeah, dad has a little bit of that middle aged spread, but his arms and chest look like he has been working out. He seems thinner than the last time Sonja saw him at the beginning of the school year. She always saw him in a suit. He attended a lot of the school events, but he was always on his way to or from work. It was nice to see him in casual clothing, and there was an enticing bulge in his sweats. What was she thinking? She did not know this man, only seeing him at school, but she was starting to have some naughty thoughts about him. She shook it off and tried to concentrate on what the other women were saying.

*******

Mike walked into the restaurant and took a seat at one of the small tables. Across the room, he saw a table of 5 women. They looked familiar to him, but he could not place them all. One he knew was the owner of the restaurant, but the other 4 he had seen somewhere other than the restaurant, he just couldn't put his finger on it. As he was ordering, he noticed one of the women kept looking over at him. She looked sexy in the yellow sundress and sandals. Now he remembered, she was one of the mothers from Bryce's school. That must be where he knew the others from also. Mike ordered his lunch with a Mexican beer. After enjoying he meal Mike paid and got ready to leave for his movie. It was just down the block, so he decided to leave his car in the lot here, and walk to the theater. It was safer here than in the parking structure used by the theater, the parking spaces were way too narrow. As Mike walked out of the restaurant, he saw the mothers standing on the sidewalk talking before they went to their cars. The mother in the yellow sundress smiled at him and he gave a small wave and proceeded down the street.

*******

Sonja got a little thrill when Bryce's father waved at her. She watched him as he walked down the street. Yeah, he definitely had been working out. In another couple of months, the other mothers at the school were going to be all over him, even the married ones. Some of these. . . .women. . . have no scruples. As she left the group, she found herself walking down the street, passing the parking lot where her car waited. The next thing she knew, she was standing in front of the theater. She had no idea what she thought she was doing, but she could not get Bryce's father out of her mind, even though she did not know him. She walked up to the ticket window and asked the young girl "do you know what movie the gentlemen that just left this window went to see?" 

The girl just stared at her for a minute. She saw that Sonja was getting uncomfortable. She did not know the guy, so why did she care if he had a stalker. "He went into The Magnificent Seven," she said. Sonja bought a ticket.

Now what was she going to do? Pretend that she just happened to be seeing the same movie? That was so lame. Sonja stopped in the bathroom to get herself together. She stared in the mirror and berated herself. "What am I doing here?" She thought. Yes, she had seen him at her son's school, but he was always with his wife. His wife seemed to be there because it was expected of her. Bryce's father always seemed engaged in whatever was going on. A basketball game; student orientation; Veteran's Day presentation. He clearly loved his son. His wife seemed to always be complaining. She did not look like she wanted to be there. She was never on any of the school committees. She never seemed to show her husband any affection. She recalls when she last saw them at the beginning of the year Sonja had thought "I could show him how he should be treated." She always liked the big football type. These thoughts reminded her of the enticing bulge in his sweats and her panties started getting wet. She could not believe it, but she had just made a decision that was so out of character, that it slightly scared her. Maybe it was the fact that she had not had sex for 5 months. On top of that, she just spend 30 minutes listening to Angie talk about her latest swinging dick. Sonja removed her thong and put it in her purse, checked her makeup, took a deep breath, and went looking for Bryce's dad.

*******

Mike had bought his popcorn and took a seat in the back row. There were maybe 10 people in a theater that was designed for 300. What do you expect for a western at 1:30 on a Wednesday? As the lights dimmed and the trailers began, Mike saw the mother in the yellow sundress enter the theater and walk up to the last row. She moved down the row and sat beside him. Before he could say anything, she put her finger to his lips to stop him, them she took her other hand and took a fist full of popcorn and started watching the trailers.

Mike thought "What the hell is going on?" Since he did not want to make a scene, he just turned back to the screen. When Sonja reach again for the popcorn in his lap, she reached under the bucket and caressed the bulge in his sweats. It was as big as she imagined, and it was growing!

Mike was in shock. Here was this woman he had only seen at his son's school, who he had never spoken to, with her hand rubbing his dick. Of course he was getting hard. As he looked down, he heard her moan. She had her hand down his sweats and wrapped around his cock. He should stop her. He knew he should, but it had been 8 months since anything had touched his cock except his own hand. His wife didn't seem to be interested in sex. She was fine being his roommate. And clearly, this mother (MILF?) knew her way around a cock! She pushed at the waistband of his sweats. He lifted up and she slid his sweats down passed his ass. 

Sonja now was turned sideways so she could use both hands. The popcorn was forgotten. She used one hand to stroke the full length of his cock, which was now hard as steel. The other was cradling his balls, massaging them lightly. Running her nail from the base of his cock up the underside, all the way to the tip. Sonja knew that this was bigger that the 8 inches she experienced in college.

Now Mike heard himself moan. He decided if he was not going to stop her, he was going to become an active participant. He placed his hand on Sonja's leg and began massaging the inside of her thigh slowly moving up under her dress. As he got closer to where her legs came together, he expected to encounter a pair of very wet panties. Instead, his hand found the bare fount of her womanhood. She was smooth, wet and hot. He could not believe how slick she was. He had to taste her. He withdrew his hand from under her dress and brought it to his face. Mike inhaled deeply, taking in her womanly scent. It made him dizzy. He stuck his finger in his mouth and savored her tart, but sweet, flavor. He returned his hand and palmed her mound, easily inserted his middle finger and moved it in a come here motion. He found the rough texture of her g spot and began playing it like a guitar. Sonja removed her mouth from his steel rod and inhaled until she felt her head would explode. Mike pushed her head back down on his cock to prevent her from screaming.

Mike's concentration on the pleasure he was giving and receiving was interrupted by a guy 6 rows up. He was screen talking. The young women with him, she could not have been more that 25, was embarrassed, trying to get him to lower his voice. The young woman looked around to see if her date was disturbing anyone. When she looked to the back row, she locked eyes with Mike, and she could see him trying to stifle a moan. She gave him and Sonja a knowing smile before turning around.

After the woman turned around, Sonja bent over Mike's lap and put the tip of her tongue to the tip of his cock. She only intended to give him a handjob, but after feeling it, she just had to feel it on her tongue. She looked him straight in the eye and lowered her mouth until the small tuft of hair above Mike's cock tickled her nose. Mike lost all ability to control his voice and he groaned at the velvety smoothness of Sonja's throat massaged the head of his manhood. She began to bob up and down. She did not care that there was a movie playing. She did not care that there were other people in the theater. All she cared about was the cock in her mouth. The control she had over the man attached to it. The reward she would get when she took him over the edge.

Mike was slowly losing it. He could feel his orgasm building. It was going to be huge. He was afraid he was going to blow the top of her head off. He tried to warn her that he was there by tapping on her shoulder. Her response was to again take him deep and hold him there. She started humming. She swallowed, massaging the head with her throat. Mike grunted and groaned. He raised his hips out of the seat and without thinking placed his hands on the back of Sonja's head and held her in place while he shot stream after stream of cum directly down her throat. Sonja didn't want to go anywhere. She milked his cock with her throat until there was nothing left. When she slipped him out of her mouth, there was an audible pop. She was amazed, he was still hard! How can that be with a man his age? She could not let this go to waste.

She had planned to stop after the blowjob (actually, she only planned to give him a handjob, but that is just splitting hairs) but the size, weight, and feel of his cock had overcome her and she had to feel it this 9 inch snake inside her. She half stood and pulled up the back of her dress, then she hovered over his lap. She reached down and grabbed his warm, pulsing cock. She could not believe she was about to do this. She rubbed the head of his cock over her clit and nearly screamed. She had to get him inside. She lined him up and slowly lowered herself. He felt HUGE! She wiggled and sifted, slowly taking him inch by inch. Mike could not breath. He held the back of Sonja's dress up so he could his cock disappear in between Sonja's lush, beautiful nether lips. He grabbed her as cheeks and spread them to get a better view. Her brown eye was winking at him. He took his right thumb and gathered some of her cream. He took his left hand and placed it over her mouth before he rubbed her own cream over her brown eye. She screamed into his palm as she raised herself up until just the head of Mike's cock was hooked inside her pussy. She paused at the top. Mike pushed his thump into her ass and she slammed herself back down on his cock and bit his palm.

Mike's eye rose to the ceiling as he tried not to scream. He could not believe she bit him that hard. He guessed it was his own fault, so he was not mad at her. He looked around and saw the same couple 6 rows up. He was whispering in her ear and pointing at the screen. She was trying to get him to shut up, but failing that, she got up in a huff and began walking out of the theater. Before she reached the door, she looked up into the back row and saw Sonja riding Mike reverse cowgirl for all she was worth. Sonja had her hands on the seat in front of her and her eyes closed. Mike had one hand over her mouth and one on her hip as he thrust up to meet her on every downstroke. She was going wild. Mike could not hold on with one hand. He took both hands and reached them through the arm holes of the dress. He palmed her tits. They were full but firm. He rolled her large, rubbery nipples between his thumb and forefinger and gave a slight squeeze. Sonja just caught herself before she screamed.she slammed down hard again and then began to rotate on his pelvis. Is was rubbing her clit so good. Mike held her by the tits, massaging them while grinding his hip into Sonja.

******* 

The young from the theater, Sam (short for Samantha) paused when she entered the vestibule, that area after you pass through the theater doors, but before you go out the doors to the hall. She leaned up against the wall, amazed at what she saw. She was 19. That couple was old enough to be her parents, but they were HOT! Her dates have never done anything like that with her. Hell, she couldn't get the current one to shut up during the movie. She was so turned on, she slid her hand under her skirt and began to rub her clit. Seeking some much needed release before someone else walked pass. She brought herself to a small orgasm, but it wasn't enough. However, it would have to do.

Less that 4 minutes after she walked out, Sam, returned to the theater and paused just inside the door. Her date was engrossed in the movie and did not appear to miss her. Sam looked at the older couple and they were still going at it. Sam could see the outline of the man's hands under the woman's dress, holding her tits. He was working and squeezing her melons for all he was worth. Sam's panties were getting wet watching them. Once she confirmed that her date had not seen her, she decided she had to get a closer look. What were they going to do, call management?

She began walking up the stairs towards the back row. She slid down the aisle until she was sitting next to Mike as Sonja rode him. Both Mike's and Sonja watched her approach, but they were to committed to their rutting (because that is what it was) to stop. They had no idea what she wanted.

Sam just sat there and watched them up close. She had her hands inside her yoga pants, rubbing her clit while dipping her middle finger in her slit. After sitting there for several minutes, Sam took her other hand and reached down to where Mike and Sonja were joined. When Sonja rose up, Sam allowed her nails to lightly trace the length of Mike's cock. When Sonja slammed back down, Sam thumped her finger against Sonja's clit. Under the double stimulation, It did not take Sonja long to lose her mind. She slammed down one last time on Mike and went off like fireworks. Her mouth opened in a silent scream. Her eyes squeezed shut and her pussy clamped down hard on Mike's cock. The pressure put him over the edge and his hips rose up, slamming into her and bring Sonja up onto her toes. Mike was rooted deeply in Sonja's wet hot snatch, causing Sonja to cum again. She felt like she was going to pass out. She had to get off his cock before he slammed into her again. When Mike's hips returned to the seat, Sonja leaned over the seat in front of her and Mike's cock slipped out. Sam just sat there, mouth open and she pounded her own pussy on the edge of orgasm. When Mike arched up and slammed into Sonja, Sam also went off.
