 This story is inspired by my loving and beautiful wife and is a work of pure fantasy only.

*

The rain batters against the window of the office as I stare out at the dark October evening. Just then a noise comes from my computer, and as I turn I see that the calendar reminder is flashing "ANNIVERSARY". Swine is that the time I had better hurry and get a move on. Grabbing my coat I head off out of the office.

Luckily, the exclusive clothes store is only a few streets down and I should not get too wet. The store closes at 5:30 and as I turned the corner I could see the curtains drawn at the front and there standing inside the door is the owner just getting ready to turn the sign to closed. She is tall and shapely in the right places with her flame red hair tied in a bun. Her eyes are highlighted by the dark eye shadow, those luscious red lips blossoming in their full colour. The top two buttons of her loose fitting blouse are undone showing her fabulous cleavage and her tight black skirt hugging her thighs and flared out just before it reached her knees. On her feet she has lovely pointed shoes with a two-inch heel. The owner smiles and motions me in then locks the door, turns the sign and draws the door blind.

"You are late Craig!" she said with a level of annoyance in her voice. 

"Sorry." I replied. 

"I didn't think you were coming for the present. Now just sit there and I will be out shortly with clothes for you to pick." Her words were sharp very much Schoolmistress-like as she went through the door to the storeroom. Sitting down as I was told I took off my jacket and loosened my tie. The shop owner walked back into the room after around five minutes had past. She was wearing a full-length fur coat, the length allowing just a glimpse of four-inch stilettos as they disappeared just into the hem of coat. 

"Well does Sir think his wife would like this?" she swishes about to show off the coat keeping it firmly shut. "Or would perhaps a dress be more to her liking?" She turns her back to me slowly unbuttons the coat then turns around opening the coat to reveal a beautiful black button down dress. It is quite tight fitting and really enhances her breasts and her lovely sexy thighs. What a sight, I feel a stirring in my groin as she drops the coat on a chair opposite and walks towards me, stopping in front and turning round. I slowly take in the beautiful vision in front of me. The dress comes down to just below her knees and as I follow it down there on her legs is a black distinctive seam running down to a diamond point just above the shoes. Must be stockings I thought as my heart started pumping faster, then again it could be those dammed fashion tights but still the thought made things a lot more uncomfortable and hard to hide down there.

She turns back to face me "See how sophisticated it looks like this with my hair all up". Damn sexy I thought. "But if you are not looking for it to be quite so sophisticated then you would just need to do this..." she said while slowly unbuttoning the top two buttons of the dress, giving me a good view of her cleavage. She reached up behind her and pulled at her hair so that it tumbled down over her shoulders. Bending forward she sways it about to get it fully down and the dress opened slightly more, allowing me a sneak peek at a lacy black bra. She straightens up and sits on the chair directly in front of me crossing her legs to make it even sexier; I could hear the swish of the nylons rubbing together. "If she feels any more daring..." she starts to unbutton the bottom of the dress "...she might even wear it like this!"

After three buttons the dress parts and falls over those long shapely legs. Then I glimpse the dark welt at the top; it is seamed stocking I think but a "WOW" escapes my lips. She turns her head and smiles and looks at the bulge in my trousers caused by my raging hard on which is now impossible to hide. 

"I think we had better release that before it does any damage" and before I am utterly speechless as she stands up and comes over to me. Reaching down she pulls down my zip and pulls my penis out with the head all glistening with pre cum. 

She stands up before me "Well what do you think? Were you looking for lingerie as well?" and with that she starts to unbutton the dress but before it opens she turns her back to me and slowly slips the dress off one shoulder at a time letting it hang to the waist. She turns back round to show a lacy balconette bra that lifts those magnificent breasts up, then the dress drops to the floor revealing a matching suspender belt and French knickers. "Do you think she would like these?" turning round and then bending over running her hands up her legs.

With my eyes I follow the slim stiletto heels tracing the seams of her stockings up and up those long shapely legs, to that round sexy bum with the French knickers ridding in between her cheeks and splaying out the lovely black lace as it comes up her bottom. She turns to look at me and asks if I would like to see it closer, before I have time to answer she unfastens the clip at the front of the bra and lets those wonderful voluptuous breasts fall out. Throwing the bra at me it hits me in the face and falls to my lap where my hand is slowly moving up and down my throbbing shaft. I was now held in a trance looking at this vision of beauty in front of me. "So you like what you see do you? Well how about this..." and slowly she slips the French knickers down her legs and throws them at me, This time they land on my face. I feel the dampness on my face from the crotch and the smell of that lovely sweet pussy. "Well would Sir like these for his wife then?" she seductively queries while standing just inches away from me running her long red nails up her stockings and all the way up her body, finally stroking her lips.

Suddenly she drops to her knees, moves my hand and takes me in her mouth. Oh, that feeling of her warm mouth gliding over my cock 

"god that is good!" as the teeth drag up my length and her head bobs up and down slowly. She looks up at me with a smile in her eyes. "Oh gees that feels so good!"

Then with a pop she slides it out and stands astride me, slowly lowering her pussy on to my cock. Once fully in she leans forward and gives me a long passionate kiss as our tongues entwine with each other and she starts to move up and down on my cock. Sliding up and down whilst dragging her nails up and down my back. She stuffs one of those gorgeous big breasts in my mouth, I suck her hard nipple. Starting to get faster jumping up and down harder, her breathing starts to get faster then she starts to scream ripping at my back with her nails. Then I start to feel my own orgasm coming "I am just about there, Oh, going to cum."

Quickly she jumps off and starts to lower her head to my cock. Before she can get my cock in to her mouth it starts to twitch and I can't hold back any longer as the first spurt hits her cheek, the next on her chin dripping down onto her breasts. She puts the head in her mouth and swallows down what was left. Slowly sucking me till I am dry. She stands, lifts her finger to her breast and cheek, lifting my drops of cum and putting them in her mouth.

"I think you had better get yourself sorted and go now." Claire says as she hurriedly starts to pick up her scattered clothes.

"Yes, Ok darling I will go and get the kids from your mums and see you when you get in," I reply and peck her on the cheek "Thanks for the anniversary present."