 I had been invited to an afternoon garden party earlier in the week. The hostess, Therese, was a a friend of mine, and mentioned it was for a cause of some kind. I wasn’t listening too hard and found myself saying yes, and not thinking too much more about it. It was supposed to start sometime in the early afternoon, I wouldn’t make it there until nearly five. 

When I arrived I had pulled in behind a couple who were just getting out of a Benz. She was considerably younger than he was, she looked about 25 and he was 50-something and agitated. Without lingering as I walked past it was clear his car got scraped while she was driving. He had to watch the mishap in slow-motion, and was venting hard. She stood resigned. She had an athletic body that was poised and toned. her shoulders stood out in quiet relief under her elegant cocktail dress. I caught her eye, and her gaze followed me as she endured his harangue.

I went inside. The couple and their problems faded. The man vanished entirely, I found myself thinking about the woman. I met Therese and she greeted me very warmly. Her skin glowed in the late afternoon sun, with the sunlight shining on her strawberry blonde hair. I felt the heat from her body as it moved under her cranberry silk dress. As she liked, she was wearing the absolute minimum in clothing, and I felt the tips of her nipples as she brushed up against me. Her tongue slyly slithered in my mouth in a tiny wet burst of pleasure. She smiled and her teeth were white against her light pink lips. I looked at her and spoke into her ear quietly. She paused and chuckled, and nodded. 

We parted and I went out on the sundeck and watched the boats on the water. I was considering another strawberry when I felt eyes on me. I turned around and saw the younger woman I had seen earlier, looking at me intently. I looked back, until she decided to come closer. She was a brunette with green eyes, full lips.

She introduced herself as Nancy. 

“You saw us in the street. I hate when that happens”. I waited. Nancy looked up, and continued. 

“What would you have done?” 

I said it was pretty much over and done with, otherwise, enough is enough. I looked over and saw the man deep in conversation with another very young woman who was obviously spilling out of her top of her blouse. He was on another planet. I turned to Nancy, smiled, and excused myself.

I went upstairs to a quiet room I knew about. I was looking at the books and pictures when I heard the door quietly open and close. There was Therese, barefoot and smiling. I turned and she walked quickly over the carpet. Her mouth was a warm wet flower. I could feel her body stiffening then relaxing with desire. Now I didn’t want to wait, and gently lifted the hem of her dress. Her smooth buttocks were cool to the touch. My tongue was gently lapping at the corners of her mouth as my fingers gently smoothed aside her pubic hair. She sighed audibly as I slipped my fingers inside her. 

We slowly began to sink down onto the bed. I could feel her hands undoing my shirt and trousers. She began kissing my stomach and chest, her hands all the while cupping my erect penis. I lifted the dress over her head, and now she was fully and deliciously naked. Her small and perfect breasts were uplifted with desire. I began to kiss my way south, pausing at each nipple and over the smoothness of her belly, letting my tongue savor the contrasts between the soft downy hair at the nipple as it met the first shaved pubic hairs above her delicately fragrant bush. I cupped her buttocks in my hand as my tongue gently and then insistently began to probe her sweet pussy. Her hands tousled my hair and fondled my head. She lifted her legs and began to rock slowly back and forth. I could feel her desire rising, and my face was slippery with her juices. She moaned and pushed herself hard into my mouth, where my tongue was harshly flicking its way into and around her button-hard clit. I had just begun to sink into her slowly when I felt a slight breeze. We turned to see the young brunette come into the room with realizing we were both there. She had her back to us. I quietly stood up and closed the door behind her. I turned the lock in the door.

“Hello again.” 

Nancy looked a bit flustered, and couldn’t make up her mind where to look or not look. I could see her nipples stiffening under her dress. Therese had curled on her side and was watching with bemusement. 

“I followed you up here.” A long pause. “I was curious.”

“Are you still curious?” She looked at me directly. Her mouth was dry and her her lips trembled. She nodded.

“Yes.”

I took her gently in my arms and kissed her cheek, then her ear. At first she seemed unsure. Then she began to relax. My tongue found her mouth. Her tongue became more assured and aggressive. I could feel her hips begin to press against me. A strap from her dress slipped, revealing a small well shaped breast, white against the brown of her skin. At that moment I knew that she wanted me. Her hands had gently touched my shoulders, then gathering themselves pressed against my back and hips. I looked at Therese who was still watching, but her right hand had silently stolen down between her legs, and she was gently stroking herself. 

I unzipped her and marveled at her luxuriant bush. I laid her down on the bed and then guided myself into her mouth while I began to gently probe her sweet wetness with my tongue. Her mouth was slippery and warm as she licked the length of my shaft. Her tongue played about the tip of my penis, and I could feel myself cast off the first drops of come into her mouth. I could feel her juices begin to wet my face. Nancy moaned and spread her legs wider. Her hips began to rhythmically pulse in counterpoint to my tongue, and I could feel her breasts firm and harden as her nipples burned into my flesh. Just when she was about to crest for the second time I took her wrists together in my hands. Nancy stopped briefly, and tried to struggle. I relished the surge of strength in her body, watching her tight abdomen and the ribcage arch as her breasts brushed my chest. I tied her hands to the bedposts with two ornamental silk ropes at the headboard.

I spread her legs and tied them to the foot of the bed with the second set of silk ropes Nancy looked at me pleadingly and whimpered. I smiled as I gently slipped my hand down between her legs. As I started to stroke her wet lips, the protests died away replaced by the husky breathing and finally the rhythmic sighs of orgasmic release. 

As she came the first time she stifled a deep-throated cry, and gasped as she threw herself against the silken bonds. I was achingly hard, and eased myself inside her. My penis was hot and completely engorged, tasting the heated sweetness that completely soaked me. As I stroked, she became wetter and hotter. Her hair was now matted to her head and over her eyes. Her lips had become full and swollen, and searched hungrily for my mouth as her tongue caressed my lips and teeth, drawing me closer towards her.

There was a hand on the small of my back. I turned to see Therese look at me, eyes heavy-lidded with desire.

She smiled and huskily whispered for me to continue. I turned my attentions back to the lithe and tanned woman spread-eagle before me. I licked her earlobes and re-penetrated myself into her. Her skin was increasingly warmer, as her nipples felt like smooth, sunwarmed pebbles. I took them each into my mouth, first as a nibble and then bit them. With each nibble her hips rocked harder. Nancy twisted and moaned, straining against the ropes. I was about to come when I felt the light butterfly dance of Therese's tongue at the base of my balls, flickering gently around the shaft as it plunged in to a wet and luscious orchid. Then I felt her hands smoothly and gently caress my butt, sending shivers up my spine. At each moment I felt I was not going to withstand another increase to sensation, but I held on. 

Then I felt her finger, oily and slippery-smooth begin to rub and stroke gently my puckering anus. I surrendered to sensation and opened myself to her, feeling her gently and gradually melt my insides with a warm and sticky heat. I could feel my ass greedily clutch at her finger. I felt my cock get even harder, and I heard the girl moan with a long and deep sigh. Her hips sucked me onward, to no avail.

I pulled abruptly out of Nancy, and as Therese's hand left my ass, I aimed my penis directly at her mouth. Suppressing a throaty chuckle she took me full-length. I shivered with anticipation as I watched her caress my thighs and saw her tongue flick, dance and tease the come out of me. I felt my penis on fire.

I wanted T now, and I wanted Nancy to experience this. I wanted to pierce Therese completely, to ram my hard cock deep inside of her, to feel my penis at the innermost walls of her interior, and just unleash the molten cum that was boiling in my loins for her. Swiftly I pulled out of Therese's mouth, and rolled her over on her hands and knees. Spreading her beautiful buttocks aside I stroked her lovely swollen pink lips, and passed a finger over her rosebud pucker. She shivered, and groaned in pleasure as I pushed up inside of her. 

Placing one hand on her hardened nipple and the other on her sopping bush, I began to rub her hot little clit as it stood out from the flood plain of her passion. As I drove deeply into her, I asked Therese what did she want. She gasped, and sighed. Meanwhile Nancy was transfixed, and a picture of latent desire as she lay back, slim legs opened and bush downy with juices. Her breasts were still shiny with sweat.

I drove T forward on the bed, so her hands found themselves on Nancy’s thighs. The impetus was too great, and Nancy began to grind her hips again. Therese gently inserted her two fingers into her, and began to rub her fires anew.

Time and friction had loosened the bonds for Nancy’s arms, so as she came again, her hands stroked and caressed Therese's head. I felt myself begin to come, bucking and pounding hard into Therese's firm and delicious thighs, hearing the slap and slippery sounds of her beautiful wet pussy welcome my molten come, as it would fill her up and come leaking down the insides of her luscious legs and butt. I heard her sigh and moan as she buried her face deep into Nancy's beautiful bush, as Nancy's breasts stood in high relief from her body at the peak of her passion.

We gently collapsed into ourselves, and gradually became aware of occasional voices out in the garden. 

Therese, now it was your turn.