 Abraham Jennings entered the bar just as two pool players got into a scuffle over whether one had called his shot before sinking the eight ball in the side pocket. That was the reason neither Hilly or Noreen saw him enter, but he saw them and took their measure, ignoring the two men who had begun throwing wild punches at one another and took a seat at a corner table.

A couple of friends broke up the skirmish quickly enough and order was restored. The patrons resumed their various conversations; some talking football and others trying to charm the lady next to them out of her pants.

Hilly Jorgenson blew a strand of curly blonde hair off her forehead and sidled behind the bar. She didn't have an order to fill, but Noreen was tending bar tonight and that was all the excuse she needed. She watched the tall, dark-haired girl fill a pitcher with Bud and tried to look nonchalant. "They almost did some major damage," she said. 

"There's nothing in this place they could possibly damage," Noreen answered without looking up at her.

The two girls wore the same informal uniform-white oxford shirt, blue rep tie, black miniskirt, and black flats. They were both very pretty, so pretty they had to constantly rebuff the drunken advances of their customers, but they were, in appearance, total opposites. 

Hilly was a petite blonde with pale blue eyes, smallish breasts and a peaches-and-cream complexion. Noreen on the other hand was a tall, tan brunette with well formed breasts and long, long legs. 

But they had much more in common than good looks, Hilly thought, barely concealing a giddy smile. Thinking no one was looking, she stepped close behind Noreen, pretended to reach for an empty pitcher, and put her hand on Noreen's ass. She gave the warm, firm flesh a squeeze.

"Coming over to my place tonight?"

Noreen didn't answer for a long second, but then turned and smiled, her white teeth brilliant in the low light. "Of course, sexy."

Hilly floated back to the restaurant side, walking on air, happier that she knew was possible. They had been secret lovers for three weeks now, more than atoning for each other's disappointing love lives. 

Hilly was only 21 but she'd been with quite a few boys, and quite a few men, and hated herself for giving her body away so easily. She'd told Noreen this and her friend said, "You need to find someone who appreciates how special you are." 

There was an awkward silence; Hilly filled her wineglass, and set the bottle on the coffee table, hoping Noreen would say something to ease the tension, but when she turned Noreen's face was right there; inches away, her lips so close Hilly couldn't help but lean forward and touch them with her own. 

They made love all night long, Noreen taking the lead, obviously not the first time she'd been with a woman. She was only five years older than Hilly, but was more mature, and more sophisticated than the younger Hilly. 

Now, Noreen was not just a dyke; she was a man killer, dating boys by the dozen, breaking their hearts with a toss of her long brunette hair. Hilly thought she could never be so strong, so confident as her new lover. She had no idea what it was to kiss another woman until they kissed that night. The truth of the matter was that Hilly fell in love with Noreen with that first kiss.

Hilly's nipples tingled as she remembered how it felt when Noreen's lipsticked lips closed around them, suckled them into stiff knots, and then how she kissed and licked her way down Hilly's curvy body until she buried her tongue between Hilly's legs and made her moan and writhe and beg for mercy. 

After Hilly had come a third time Noreen lifted her head from Hilly's pussy and said, "I love licking you, lollipop." That was Hilly's nickname now, and she loved it. 

"Who needs boys?" was their inside joke, the one they told after they made love. Who needs boys who think shouting "Boo-ya!" during a basketball game counts as witty conversation, who think wearing a baseball back backwards qualifies as high fashion, and who think sticking you a dozen times with their stubby cocks passed for lovemaking? 

Hilly gave Noreen's flank another tender touch then sashayed around the low wooden partition that separated the bar and restaurant and spied Jennings beckoning to her from the high-backed wooden chair at Table 7. 

She stopped in her tracks. Jennings was by any measurement a man of distinction. Ruggedly good looking, he was tall, six-foot-four at least, with the girth of an NFL nose tackle. Long, blonde hair cascaded down over his broad shoulders, and his deep blue eyes and angled eyebrows gave his face an expression of intense concentration. His lips were full and sensuous, and pursed gently as he waited patiently for Hilly to approach him to take his order.

Hilly edged around to the side, to get a look at him in profile. He wore sandals, loose black trousers, and a black linen button-down shirt. He was huge but the casual clothes hung on him as though they were tailor-made. Her first thought was that he appeared to be incredibly strong. Her second was as to his age, which she guessed to be about forty.

She set a menu down before him and noted his large hands then forced herself to say: "Hello, welcome to the Cup's Half Full. Can I get you something to drink?"

Jennings blue eyes casually roamed up her body, seeming to memorize her figure before they finally fixed on her eyes with a penetrating gaze. "Darling, would you have a cold bottle of Bud?"

She swallowed and nodded, their eyes still locked. "Sure do."

"Wonderful, please bring me two bottles."

"Oh, do you have someone else joining you?"

"No, they're both for me. I'm a thirsty man."

Hilly backed up, unable to look away, until she knocked over a chair and broke the spell with the crash. She straightened the chair with shaking hands. She thought she felt his eyes on her, his gaze burning into her back, but when she tucked her chin against her shoulder and snuck a peek back at him she saw him placidly perusing the menu. She went to the half-counter where waitresses on the restaurant side placed their drink orders and Noreen said, "What's wrong, Lollipop?"

"Nothing. Just... see that man over there, at table 7?"

Noreen looked over Hilly's shoulder, and her dark brows rose. "Wow. Did he say something to you?"

"No, it was just the way he looked at me. It wasn't scary, just... really intense."

Noreen was staring at Jennings now, the big man oblivious to the two girls brazenly scoping him out. "He's... compelling," Noreen said, continuing to stare. 

Hilly felt the first tingling of jealousy stirring within her. But she wasn't sure if she was jealous toward Noreen or her mysterious customer. She was confused. For the past three weeks she was convinced she was a lesbian, thrilled that she at last understood her sexuality. But this man disturbed her. He was so big and had all that blonde hair and each time she glanced his way she got butterflies in her stomach. 

"I need two bottles of Bud," she reminded Noreen.

"Oh, sure." Noreen grabbed two bottles by the neck and handed them to Hilly without looking at her. She only had eyes for the man at table 7. 

Hilly brought the beers to Jennings and set them down in front of him. He picked a bottle up and drank. "Great," he sighed after a long drink. "Thank you. And what might your name be?"

A flight of bumblebees took wing inside her tummy. Her face flushed red-hot, "Hilly," she said after a moment.

"How's the steak here? Or am I better off ordering a chop steak?"

"Don't tell the boss, but I recommend the Chop."

"Good, smother it with fried onions. I'll also take some vegetables, broccoli mostly, and the mashed potatoes, hold any gravy, okay?"

She was scribbling his order on a pad and only when she looked up did she realize he was staring at her legs, and she watched frozen in place as his eyes slowly and deliberately, traced the contours of her body, all the way up to her own staring eyes. "I have a very big appetite," he said with a smile.

Hilly thought she might swoon, might collapse on the table. He was so obvious about it, but she was too frightened to say anything. She needed air, needed to get away from the gravitational pull of his huge body. She staggered into the kitchen and placed the order.

When Hilly left the kitchen and tried to walk past him without looking, she found it impossible. He sat there with his eyes closed, his long fingers steepled under his chin, a picture of tranquility. Hilly was the polar opposite. Her face was flushed. She was sweating under her armpits. She gulped air through her mouth, and she was very, very wet between her legs. She wanted him, she couldn't lie to herself. She wanted him inside her, hard and hot and throbbing.

Noreen. She had to see Noreen; she'd know what to do. 

She had to wait while Noreen served two customers at the bar. She finally got her attention and beckoned Noreen to the half-counter that opened into the restaurant. "What?" Noreen asked, irritated. 

Hilly told her how the man had looked at her. "No shit," Noreen said, and laughed. 

She wanted Noreen to tell her it meant nothing; that in three hours or so they would be in Hilly's place with her tongue between Hilly's legs. 

Instead Noreen said, "He's gorgeous."

"Gorgeous?"

"He is. He's different. But he's gorgeous." Noreen looked at him and actually licked her lips. "Totally hot."

That wasn't what Hilly wanted to hear. Another wave of jealousy surged inside her. Every good relationship she'd been in, and there hadn't been many, ended with the boy going off with some other girl. She was terribly insecure and though she knew Noreen was a lesbian it still upset her to hear her lover call the man "gorgeous, and hot." It upset her because she thought the man was gorgeous too. And if she thought that, maybe she wasn't a lesbian after all. And maybe Noreen wasn't either. And, and, and, Hilly couldn't slow her mind, couldn't stop the anxiety.

She walked through the restaurant, checked on the few other occupied tables, and went to the kitchen to collect the chop steak. She brought them to his table, and he opened his eyes, "Smells delicious," he said and smiled.

It was so serene and full of confidence that Hilly's armpits and crotch grew even wetter.

"Might I have two more beers?"

"Oh, yeah... sure. I'll be right back with them."

He peered at the nameplate over her left breast. "Thank you, Hilly."

She turned to look around and see if anyone else needed anything and saw Noreen spying on them from the bar. Hilly took a drink order from a couple at a nearby table and saw Noreen still watching.

"Two more buds for the big man and a glass of Chablis and a Molson for the couple at number 10."

"What's his name?" Noreen asked mischievously.

"I don't know."

"Find out."

"Why?"

Noreen tore her eyes from the man and focused on Hilly's baby blues. "Because it would make me happy, lollipop. I thought you cared about making me happy."

"I do," Hilly pleaded. "I love you."

"I love you, too," Noreen said, the first time she'd ever said that, and Hilly felt her eyes well with tears. "Now find out what his name is."

Hilly delivered the beer and wine to her customers and went to the kitchen to get the Caesar salad. When she came back out she found Noreen standing by his table, rocking back and forth on the balls of her feet, looking at him with a coy smile on her lips.

Hilly set the salad bowl on the table with a clatter. "I'm sorry, was there something you needed?"

He slowly turned away from Noreen. "I needed another pitcher and I managed to get the attention of your colleague while you were in the kitchen. The food is excellent, and spicy, just the way I like it."

"He said they made his eyes water," Noreen added.

"What's your name stranger?" Hilly inquired with a glance at Noreen. She knew if she didn't Noreen would, and wouldn't let her forget it.

"The name's Jennings ladies, and if I read those tags correctly, you would be Hilly, and you Noreen, that right?"

"Right you are," Noreen chirped happily.

Hilly noted the way Jennings looked at Noreen and roiled internally. The black veil of jealousy came down over her eyes ever so briefly, and then her love for the other woman fought its way back to the surface and resumed control of her senses.

"I should get back to the bar," Noreen said. "If you need anything, just ask us."

"Thank you," he said, then turned to Hilly, "And thank you, my angel." She saw the flash of jealousy in Noreen's eyes and it thrilled her. The idea that Hilly could make her lover jealous excited her terribly. Hilly picked up the baskets filled with bones and took them to the kitchen. Before she dumped them in the trash she saw that each bone was picked absolutely clean, not a scrap of meat left behind.

Jennings was enjoying himself watching the two women trying not to fight over him. He had already decided to have the both of them; the only uncertainty was if the sex would occur at his motel room or their place.

He ate slowly, relishing the basic food and beer. Noreen brought him a third pitcher of beer and stayed to talk for several minutes while Hilly smoldered behind the counter.

When he finished the last of the beer, Noreen rushed to his table to ask if he wanted any dessert.

A slow smile spread across his face. "Noreen, darlin', I couldn't eat another bite. I am in a state of complete and utter bliss."

"No room for cheesecake? Hot fudge sundae?"

He closed his eyes a moment, considering it, then his lids lifted and those eyes bored into hers. "Just the check, please. "

"The check?"

He closed his eyes. "Please."

Flustered by the knowledge that he was about to leave, Noreen walked to the register in a bit of a panic. It didn't seem possible that he might actually LEAVE. He'd been there just two hours and it was like he'd dominated her thoughts for two months. She punched up his bill, her mind in a zombie-like state.

"He's leaving," she told Hilly.

"I can see that. What are we going to do about it?"

It was the first either of them admitted to the other that they wanted him in bed.

Hilly said, "You're the one with the biggest balls, Noreen. Ask him if he wants to stop by our place."

"We don't get off for another thirty minutes, Hilly; he's asked for the check. He's leaving now."

Noreen mumbled something obscene to herself and hit several keys on the register. The machine chattered and printed out the bill, which she brought to his table and handed to Jennings.

Biting her lower lip seductively, Noreen said, "We both get off in thirty minutes." Jennings let his eyes run up and down her body. He licked his lower lip slowly, seductively. Noreen felt herself growing wet. There was no way he was getting away without a fight.

"Hilly's apartment is only a block away," Noreen volunteered. 

It was so forward, Noreen felt herself blush. Yet when Jennings purred, "That is a marvelous idea," she burst into nervous giggles and signaled Hilly that it was a go.

"I'll hang out by my pickup outside," he said and made a show of adjusting himself on rising from the table. Noreen's eyes widened when he left a twenty dollar tip.

*****

They sat in Hilly's living room, the lights turned low, drinking Zinfandel while Jennings talked training the big cats. Both Hilly and Noreen were enthralled at his stories.

Jennings decided it was time to make his move. He took a deep breath and exhaled. Closing his eyes, he turned to face Noreen. He inhaled again, and his massive jaw tightened. His eyes flashed open, freezing Noreen in place. "I can smell you, sitting right here. I can smell you."

There was a long silence. A line had just been crossed, and Hilly didn't know what would happen next. He breathed deep again, and a rumbling "Mmm..." issued from deep in his chest. 

"What do I smell like," Noreen said, failing to keep a tremor from her voice.

Again he took a deep breath. "Like a woman," he sighed. Another deep breath. He opened his eyes and grinned like a wolf, showing his teeth. "Like a bitch." He stared at Noreen for five seconds, ten, fifteen, hypnotizing her with his relentless gaze. Hilly couldn't move, couldn't speak. It was like she wasn't even in the room.

Noreen stood. She unbuttoned and took off her blouse, stepped out of her miniskirt, tossed her bra and panties on the floor. Jennings stood and steadied her as she took off her black stockings. He didn't say a word. He lifted Noreen's long, dark, silky hair to his nose and inhaled. He leaned down and let his nose trace the line of her neck, smelling her. He eased Noreen down to the couch and draped her legs over his broad shoulders. He put his nose to her crotch and sucked in a vast cloud of her scent.

"Yes, you are a bitch," he murmured, "a bitch in heat, no doubt of that."

He rose up from between her legs. He took her face in his hands and kissed her, Hilly watched as her lover's body seemed to melt into the couch. Hilly didn't know whether she should say something, scream something, or just lock herself in the bathroom and cry.

Jennings's huge, shiny bald head slowly turned to her. "Undress, for me, Hilly." 

Hilly's knees turned to jelly. "I can't," she whispered.

His smile was warm and kind. "I'm not into playing games, Hilly." 

She did as she was bidden. This wasn't a night for difficult decisions. Tonight she would do what she wanted, and what she wanted was to obey this man's every command. 

When she was nude Jennings stood to admire her. "Can you smell me?" Hilly asked timidly.

He slowly walked to her. "My dear, I could smell you in the restaurant. I tasted you in every bite I ate." He reached out and his fingertips lightly caressed her shoulders, her hips, and her stomach. He stepped close and gently seized two fistfuls of her thick, curly hair. He had to lean way down to bury his face in her hair. Hilly knew she must stink of sweat, grease, beer, and cigarette smoke, but he breathed in her odor and said, "You even smell like an angel."

He did the same to Hilly as he had with Noreen, smelling her all over. He paid careful attention to her underarms, pulling her close so her sweaty armpits rubbed against his nose. He extended his tongue and licked the damp skin, and then he took her palm and drew his tongue from her wrist to her fingertips. He sank to his knees and put his hands on her hips and smelled the skin of her belly. He lifted his head and put his nose in the deep valley of her cleavage.

"If you couldn't smell me before, you should be able to now," Hilly said. She had never been more sexually excited in her life. 

He took Hilly's face in his huge hands and kissed her. His lips were firm and soft and he kissed her with surprising tenderness as his tongue gently probed her mouth. He had to hold her tight because her legs wouldn't support her. Hilly shut her eyes tight as he kissed her and she saw fireworks go off in her mind's eye. He lifted her and carried her to the couch and set her down next to Noreen, draping their smooth legs over each other.

He knelt between them and stared at the thin, razored patch of pubic hair they shared. He slid a palm up each girl's thigh. Hilly bit her lip, waiting for him to touch her there, wanting him to touch her. He nestled his thumbs in each girl's pubic stripe and let them slide up and down, up and down, a smile spreading over his lips. 

Hilly said. "We shave each other."

His lips twitched. "How delightful."

His hand slid between Hilly's legs and he moistened his thumb with her juices. He brought his thumb to Noreen's lips and she closed her lips around it and sucked hungrily. He let her lick and suck his thumb for a few seconds before he withdrew it. He did the same thing to Noreen, gently rubbing his thumb in the wet folds of her labia. He offered his slippery thumb to Hilly and she grabbed his fist and thrust his thumb into her mouth. She tasted Noreen's pussy and Jennings's skin and the mix was so exciting she had to fight the urge to bite, instead, kissing and licking the entirety of his huge hand.
