 She walked into the dining room after dressing in her sexiest dress, waiting for the moment for him to come home. It was their one year wedding anniversary and they were still living each day like they had just been married. Not a day goes by that she doesn't think of him and something that she would want to share with him, talk with him about, just see him and have him pull her down on his lap and just hold her as they watch a movie or share a dessert. Tonight she was planning something special for him and she hopes that he really enjoys it.

The candles were lit, the dinner was on the table, the soft music was playing and the only thing missing was him. All too soon, she could hear his car pull into the driveway and into the garage. He would come in, call out for her as he removed his jacket. It was clockwork and she lived for it every evening. She stood by his chair and waited.

The door to the garage opened and as expected, she heard him call out her name. She smiled as she stayed at his chair and waited for him to the dining room and see her. When he finally did, he stopped dead in his tracks and just smiled at her. In his hands was a vase of lilies, her favorite flower and she smiled as she took them from his hands and placed them in the middle of the table. She turned back to him, put her hands on his shoulders and raised up to give him a small kiss. 

However, the same thing happened that always happens when they start to kiss. It begins to consume them as their tongues did battle with each other and his hands went around her waist, lifting her up off her feet. When she realized what was going on, she knew that she had to stop him or all her plans would be for nothing. She breaks off the kiss and stares at him with lovestruck eyes and said, "Dinner is ready."

He smiled and very gently put her back down on her feet and held her chair out for her, waiting for her to be seated, before sitting in his chair. She had made his favorite dinner, chicken fetucinne, and they ate in companionable silence while often glancing at each other and smiling. He could tell that there was something going on with her but he couldn't put his finger on it and it made him a little excited to wonder how the night will play out. He knew that she was always full of surprises and that was one of the reasons he loved her so much. He never knew what to expect.

After they finished dinner, she asked him if he had room for dessert but the only dessert he could think about having at that time was her so he declined, hoping that the evening would progress to the next stage. He watched as she started to take the dishes to the kitchen and he got up to help but he ended up just kissing her on the neck while she rinsed them off to put them into the dishwasher. He moved her long curly hair aside as his lips trailed across her back and his hand came up to slowly pull the zipper down on her dress. She sighed deeply and knew that her news would need to wait just a little while longer.

He knew that he had never touched as soft as skin as she had when he pulled the dress aside to kiss her shoulder after unzipping it. She tilted her head to the side so he could have better access as he took the straps of the dress and slowly pulled them off her shoulders and watched as it pooled around her feet. He about lost his control when he realized that she was completely naked underneath the dress. He trailed one hand down her back before rubbing her right cheek causing her to jump a little and giggle.

"Turn around sweetheart."

She turned around and he lifted her up, turned her around and set her on the kitchen island. He pushed her legs apart and came in between them and then came down to give her another kiss. She wrapped her arms around his neck and her feet moved up the back of his legs. One of his hands came down to hold and squeeze her breast, twisting her nipple lightly causing her moan against his lips. As he continued to kiss her, his hands went down to her waist where he moved them to touch her stomach and the pad of his thumb touched her clit.

She moaned as he moved his lips down her cheek on down to her neck before coming to her breast. Taking one nipple into his mouth, he bit down gently causing her to yelp slightly. Her hands went to his hair, tangling her fingers within its richness. He moved back to look at her, grinned, and then came down and replaced his thumb with his lips, causing her to almost jackknife off the counter. His tongue began to wreck havoc with her pussy as he would do five or six quick licks in succession and then go in to take her clit in his mouth and suck on it.

Her fingers tightened in his hair as her moans became louder. He stopped long enough to tell her to lean back and when she did, he put his hands around her thighs and pulled her closer to the edge of the counter. He positioned her legs over his shoulders to give him better access to the sweetness that she provided. One hand trailed down to start rubbing at her entrance and her legs tightened around his head. She felt as though she was going to split in two from the sensations at her pussy and as soon as she felt one finger enter her pussy and another finger began to go for the entrance of her ass, she couldn't support herself any longer as her arms gave out and she laid back completely on the island, screaming.

He took the opportunity to pull her farther down as his tongue began to dart in and out of her pussy, alternating fucking her with his tongue and his finger as his other finger began to enter her ass a little at a time. Her hands, now free, went back to his hair and she pulled but he didn't wince at the pain. He was too engrossed in licking up the sweetness that began to flow from her pussy. Using her own juices, he was able to slide his finger inside her ass and he began thrusting in and out causing her to moan lightly, both from the small amount of pain and the pleasure.

His cock was painfully hard inside his jeans and he reached down with his free hand to unzip them and free his cock from their confinement. He didn't unsnap them because he didn't want to take the chance of them falling down at an inopportune moment. He rubbed it a couple of times for good measure and could feel the precum begin to come forth from the head. He was dying to slide it inside her pussy and give her a good fucking and he knew that he would go nice and easy next time, but this time was about a good hard fuck.

He gave her one last long lick on her pussy, inserted his finger one last time all the way in her ass before raising up and entering her pussy with his hard cock in one long stroke, causing her to raise up from the counted and scream. Her legs went completely around his waist locking from the back as his hands went to her hips holding her tight. She was so tight around him that he almost came right then and there but he paused for just a brief moment to give her a chance to get accustomed to his size and as soon as she relaxed a bit, he began to set a rhythm. Three quick thrusts in and out and then one long stroke where he would stay for just a second and flex within her, causing her to call out his name.

He continued this until he began to feel himself getting ready to cum. So to ensure that she came with him, he moved one hand down to start stroking her clit which almost always set her off and as soon as she screamed with the orgasm, he began to empty himself within her, filling her hot pussy with his cum as he called out her name. As he began to come down, he didn't remove himself from her body, instead he used his hands to gently raise her from the island and picked her up, his hands around her waist, her legs locked around his waist and his cock still in bedded inside her pussy.

It was then that she realized that he still had all his clothes on and she giggled a little. She knew that if she didn't tell him the news that she had, she would not be able to get around to it and she really wanted it to be an anniversary present. She wrapped her arms around his neck and as he carried her to the bedroom, she whispered two words in his ear that caused him to stop mid stride and look at her. As he looked at her questioningly, she smiled and nodded her head. He smiled as well and as soon as he reached the bed and laid her on it, he came down with her and kissed her with a fever that only came from knowing that you will soon be a father.

THE END