 Tina:

My fantasy involves an ultra suave and sophisticated mature man with dashing looks and impeccable manners sweeping me off my feet in a whirlwind of romance. He will wine and dine me in a style to which I am yet to be accustomed. His conversation will be witty and interesting. He will be beautifully dressed in bespoke shirts and suits and wear just a hint of expensive aftershave.

By the time the meal is over I'll be so wrapped up in him that I will be putty in is hands. When he suggests we go up to his hotel suite I eagerly agree. He pours us a glass of port and invites me to sit next to him on the sofa. I look into his deep blue eyes and feel a shiver of desire course through me. My animal instinct start to surface. I want this man. I want to feel him close and feel his power and urgency moving within me.

But he takes his time. I decline a second glass of port and wait in fevered anticipation for him to make his first move. He kisses the back of my hand and looks up at me. I think he can see the desire spilling out of my eyes. He moves his lips up to the nape of my neck and I shudder in delight as his soft lips brush against my skin. Then he cups my head in his strong hands and kisses me, long and deep. I think I'm beginning to understand how women in days of old used to faint clean away. His tongue is like a wicked serpent tempting me to give myself up to his use and desire. My pussy is wet and I can't wait.

He undresses me slowly and kisses me once more before at last moving his tongue down to my breasts. His hot tongue circles my little erotic warriors before he teases them with his teeth. Then he licks and nibbles and sucks me into absolute ecstasy. I writhe around on the bed as his hand slowly slips down my smooth, flat stomach. His long fingers tease around my belly button while his tongue still pleasures my nipples. Then at last his fingers slips onto my puffed up lips and he teases me apart.

I shiver as he kisses down my belly and then at last, oh what joy! he kisses my pussy lips and tongues and nibbles me into a frenzy. I thrash around on the bed, begging and pleading with him to penetrate me but he ignores my cries. He takes his time, eating me like a delicate fruit that has to be savoured lest you never have another one. I pinch my nipples now as he gently finger fucks me while gently teasing my clit. I need him so bad I am almost in tears as I beg once more for him to enter me.

He strips quickly. I catch sight of a big, thick brown cock jutting out of a hairy crotch. He spits onto his angry looking cockhead and rubs the spit into it. And then at last he enters me with one thrust. Oh such ecstatic joy as that thick cock fills me completely. At last I am made whole as he thrusts into and I grab a hold of his hips and urge him on. We are two animals now, the thin veneer of sophistication long forgotten as we rut and fuck, desperate to achieve orgasm.

Surprisingly I am the first one to reach there and I wail and moan as pleasure washes over me. My nails rake down his back and I am shocked by the torrent of cuss words that escape from my lips as I urge him on. His gentle moans suddenly explode into a horny grunt as he blast off inside me. He shudders and whimpers before laying his head on my breast and drifting off to sleep.

Helen

I am tired of being a good girl. I have nice house in a nice suburb, with a good husband. I do charity work, I recycle stuff, I care about the environment. But oh, just once, I want to be a slut.

My fantasy involves Bob and Ben, the garbage men. Both of them are well built and hairy and look at me with such lust I'm surprised I have any clothes left. In my fantasy I invite them in for a cup of coffee.

But Bob and Ben have other things on their mind. Bob strips off down to his underpants. I am surprised by just how hairy he is and what an incredibly large bulge there is in his budget line shorts. I think Ben is slightly shocked by his workmate's behaviour but when he sees me cup a well manicured hand around Bob's big bulge he too strips down to his boxers. His fat mushroom cap peeps out through the slit in his boxers and I am overcome with desire.

I go and kneel before Ben and lower his boxers down to his ankles. He steps out of them and I start nibbling on his big, furry nuts. I have never been this close to a man's bits before. I have never kissed my husbands balls, or even his cock for that matter. We fuck in the missionary position and I think he would be shocked if I suggested giving him a blowjob. Despite my lack of experience I grab a hold of Ben's impressive cock and take it onto my mouth.

Bob tugs desperately at my clothes. I quickly strip off and kneel over Ben who has lain down on the floor. Bob's rough, greedy tongue starts lapping at my pussy and I experience sensations unlike any I have ever known before. I get up and push Bob down flat on his back, leaving Ben unattended, as I sit down on his face. He goes crazy and eats my pussy till I think I might explode with pleasure. Ben comes over and starts playing with my tits. He kisses my nipples and soon I am experiencing my first orgasmic rush.

The horny pair begin to make their hunger known. Ben pulls me off Bob's face and impales me on his eight inch cock. Bob jerks on his big throbber while he watches. A few minutes later he pulls me away from Ben and enters me. I am their rag doll plaything as they take turns using my pussy for their pleasure. I am turned on by the slutiness of it all. I feel down and dirty, like a real trashy tramp and I shock them by suggesting that they both fuck my cunt at the same time.

They hesitate at first, perhaps thinking they ought not to be doing such a thing, but lust soon overcomes them when I beg for their cocks and they give in. We hurry to the bedroom and Bob lies down on the bed. His cock is thicker around than Ben's and much darker. I kneel over him and guide his hard prick into my wet pussy and lean forward to kiss him. His kiss is surprisingly tender now. And then I feel Ben start to slide in alongside Bob, stretching me to the max. I moan as the pair start rubbing their cocks against each other deep inside my pussy. Two pairs of hairs stroke and tug my flesh and I am soon completely lost in lust.

Wave after wave of pleasure washes over me and I surrender to the power of orgasm. I moan and cry as their powerful tools pleasure me beyond anything I have ever known. A deep guttural groan rises from underneath me. There is panting and cursing behind me and it seems as if both men shoot their bolt at once. 

I think both are a bit embarrassed by what they've done so they quickly dress and leave while I soak in a hot bath and relive the pleasure they have just given to me.