 Quiet as a mouse, I let myself in, gently shutting the door behind me. Being careful in the pitch black darkness, I let out a loud GASP when the room was highlighted from lighting, and I saw you sprawled out in you comfort chair. Thinking you to be asleep, I jump when a spark from a match was lit, and you leaned over to light the candles on both end tables next to you. Now plastered back against the door, I watch as you slowly sit back, your white button down shirt open over your black pants, your bare feet prop themselves on the coffee table, and you take a nice long sip from your glass of jack and coke... your eyes never leaving mine for a second. Gently stroking a hand down your chest, you watch as I start turning red in the candlelight, fidgeting gently against the door.

Not being able to stand the silence, I look down at the floor, and then up at you whispering, "hi". You nod in response, eyebrows rising in a silent question. Stammering, my voice still raw from crying, I try to explain, "I. I ... the storm.. Thunder.. I was try trying to hide..." The thunder boomed louder then before, and weak with fear, silent tears rolling down my cheeks, slide to the floor to curl into a ball, my body trembling. 

Not being able to stand to see a woman to cry, especially me, you quickly rise to your feet, and cross the room in record time, squatting down next to me, gently taking me into your arms, wrapping me in your warmth. Clutching your open shirt in my hands, I bury my face into your chest, silent tears still rolling down my soft cheeks. Gently rubbing my back, you ease me fully into your arms, leading me back over to your comfort chair. Settling me onto your lap, my face tearstained, you hold your drink to my lips for a sip. Watching my pouty pink lips part, my small tongue dart out and touch the glass before drinking, you start to get hard in response to my kittenish movements.

Settling me more comfortably on your lap, my back to your chest, and legs spread open, draped over yours; you take quiet stock of my sexy pj's. Loving how my soft breasts fill out the cropped t-shirt, and how silky my legs look in my satin pj bottoms, my tiny bare feet nestled next to yours, you wrap your arms completely around my waist and place a light kiss right behind my earlobe. Noticing my quick indrawn breath at your touch, you glance down over my shoulder, watching as my nipples peek hard against the fabric, straining for you. Looking at my own nipples, I blush in response and fold my arms over my chest. Chuckling softly, you nuzzle your nose along my hairline and whisper in my ear, "Feel good?" With that comment, I try to move away from you and out of your arms, struggling to be free, but you hold me fast, pulling me back against your chest. Whispering "shhhhhhhh" you settle me back against you, calming me with your light touch.

Gently soothing my brow with your fingertip, you whisper, "You are a very sexy woman," your finger moved down the side of my face, "and now I get to teach you how to turn that sexiness," your finger parting my lips, tapping my bottom one, "into lots and lots of pleasure." Cupping my cheek in your palm, you watch my eyes dilate at your words, and couldn't help brushing your thumb over my lips. Parting them slightly, staring transfixed into your eyes, "teach me?" I whisper. Nodding your head slightly, "Yes, I'm going to teach you how to pleasure yourself," your thumb tugging my bottom lip down, leaning in and lightly brushing your lips against the soft inside of my lip, nipping it slightly.

Shivering at your touch, I release a long sigh, and completely melt back into your chest, my face still upturned towards yours for another kiss. Leaning down, you lightly brush your lips against mine, teasingly, smiling gently as my lips timidly brush yours on their own accord. Taking my bottom lip between your lips, you quickly suck hard, before releasing to tease the tip of your tongue on the corner of my mouth. Brushing tiny sucking kisses across my top lip, you work your way across my cheek, down around my jaw line, back to the curve of my ear. Blowing lightly on the inside curve, you chuckle to yourself while watching me shiver - my eyes closed and head flung back to give you more access. Rimming the curve of my ear with your tongue, you blow another short puff of air before taking my earlobe between your teeth, nibbling gently. Working your lips over the hidden soft spot right behind my ear, you open your lips, sucking hard on the creamy flesh. Moaning at your touch, I unconsciously begin stroking your chest, my soft hand running over your nipple in a teasingly arousing fashion, my hips moving over your, my back arching slightly.

Kissing down farther, around my neck, alternating between nibbling and licking, you whisper, "Have you ever had an orgasm?" Titling my head farther back against your shoulder, lost in a haze of passion, I barely managed to stammer, "No," blushing slightly at that admission. Moving around to my throat, placing tiny sucks and kisses, your stubbly cheek brushing beneath my jaw line, you whisper into my neck, "Why not?"

Placing my hand on your shoulder, pulling myself slightly away, I blush harder, my mouth working, words not forming, "I... I.. " 

Looking up into my eyes, you whisper, "You mean you never played?" My shaking head was the only reply, my eyes not able to meet yours. 

"Well, then you are in for a treat," you whisper before crushing my mouth to yours.

Slipping your hand down my side, gently teasing the soft swell of my full breast, cupping it lightly with your fingertips. Lightly brushing one fingertip in circles, moving closer and closer to my nipple. Your teeth nibbling on my bottom lip, as my back arches my chest into you, my body straining for your touch.

Kissing around my cheekbones, you take my hands in yours and lead them to my breasts. With your hands guiding mine, you slowly start to caress my breasts, cupping them, lifting them slightly to feel their soft weight. My body shivering at my own touch, the soft pads of my fingertips working their way under my top, pinching my nipples and tugging on them slightly.

Lost in our combined touch, I don't notice when the front door opens, and my roommate quietly slips inside. Stumbling upon her chaste roommate, sprawled in a man's arms, soft little noises of excitement coming from deep within her throat, she can't help but become extremely wet at the sight. Striding towards us, stripping her top quickly over her head, leaving her tiny pantied bottom almost completely bare, she pauses at my feet, while her wicked eyes meet yours.

Smiling at her, watching as her juices darken the soft crotch of her panties, a matching stain seeping through to my pj pants, you incline your head in invitation. Still lost in my own touch on my breasts, my eyes closed, head thrown back in sensation, I hardly notice as you urge my hips up, and she leans forward, pulling my pants down and off my body. Leaning me forward, you lift my top over my head, leaving me completely bare and exposed to your eyes.

My eyes closed, a light blush covering my body at the sensations, you hook my legs over your knees, exposing my bare pussy to the cool night air. Tugging on my nipples, my hips wiggle in response brushing against your hard cock, as my roommate's body sways in time with mine. Slipping your hands down my tummy, arousing the soft skin with your touch, your hands play around my hips, opening them farther. 

Bending down between my open legs, her tongue lightly trailing along the seam of my lips, my hips arch in response, reaching for her tongue. Her soft mouth wrapping around my clit, she slowly sucks it between her lips, as she reaches between her own legs, teasing her clit. Her mouth on my lips, her hand in her pants, and mine sliding down to stroke your hard cock, I lay back against you in total abandon, giving in to every sensation.

Licking along my jaw line, you move your lips to mine, kissing me passionately, sucking the tip of my tongue into your mouth. My right hand moves to her head, urging her closer to me, burying her face into my hot, wet pussy. My left hand firmly jerking your cock, your hips moving in time with my movements, as mine move to the rhythm of yours. Urging her up from my pussy, I pull her towards us, and onto the arm of the chair. Wiggling in your arms, I turn around to face you; my hands on your shoulders, looking deeply into your eyes as I slowly slide myself down your hard cock. My soft wet walls clinging to you, pausing at the small hidden barrier deep inside. Watching as your fingertips slide around her clit, her hips bucking hard as she rides the arm of the chair... we all lean forward, our tongues dueling in a kiss.

Lost in sensation, my head thrown back in abandon, as I gently rock on your hard cock, as it stretches me, filling me. Feeling your hands on my hips, I look down, as her hands join yours, our eyes never leaving my pussy as I am slowly lowered farther onto the hard shaft. Gasping at the intense pleasure, my tight tight pussy being stretched for the first time, feeling you on all the soft walls, as your hands guide me down farther, the soft little cherry almost gone.

With one hard upward thrust, and the guidance of both your hands, I cry out as my little cherry is popped, seating me to the hilt. Your thumb teasing my clit in small circles, urging me closer and closer, I helplessly look down, watching as your cock completely disappears deep within me. Looking up into your face, mine completely relaxed in pleasure; my entire body explodes as you whisper, "Now cum." 

My body going rigid at that soft command, my hips riding you hard, as my body pulses and ignites, riding wave after wave of intense pleasure. Colors, bright colors exploding behind my eyes, as with one last hard wave, I collapse onto your chest, panting, gasping... "Pat…"