 We're both feeling a bit of nerves and anticipation as we meet for coffee and a bite to eat at that café by the water. You know the one. The breeze off the water is cool, but the sun feels warm. I try to stay calm as I see you in person for the first time. I notice that you've left an extra button undone on your crisp white blouse and smile to myself. We sit at our table and chat over the meal to get to know one another a little bit better and you relax a bit as you realize there's a real, warm, person across the table from you. I'm enjoying talking with the beautiful, intelligent, funny, kind and caring woman across the table from me. 

The waiter brings the check and we realize that we've been at the table for way too long, but neither of us really want the afternoon to end. You take a leap of faith and suggest we continue the conversation elsewhere. We plan to meet at the parking lot just down the street so that I can follow you. I can't help but savor the sight of you walking away in a tight skirt, stockings and heels.

We walk through the door as you tell me over your shoulder not to expect too much about the state of the place as you've been busy. Just as you do, you trip over the shoes you've forgotten just inside the door and tumble into me as I catch you in my arms. 

You look up at me, blushing with embarrassment, but the only thing I can think to do is to lean over and kiss you. You wrap your arms around me and lean your body into mine while we continue the kiss, but with more passion than before. I run my hands up and down your back as we kiss, reaching down to cup your ass in my hands to draw you to me. Our tongues dance and I can feel your body reacting to mine as your nipples harden and press into my chest. You can feel my growing arousal between us, too. 

I reluctantly release my grip on your ass to tug gently at the bottom of your shirt, and we both pull away, breathless. We lock eyes and you unbutton the next few buttons on your shirt, your stomach flattens as you stretch to remove it pulling it over your head. My heart catches in my throat. You shake your hair out over your shoulders - you are beautiful and you know it. 

I reach for you to unzip your skirt and then pull to help you shimmy out of it. I then stop to kick off my shoes and pull my shirt over my head. I start to ask you what you enjoy, but you say nothing. The smirk you are wearing says volumes. You lean in for a quick kiss and then start walking down the hallway. How can I help but follow?

The bedroom door creaks open and my eyes adjust to the light as we come through and head to the edge of the unmade bed with different sets of bras and panties draped over the bottom - were you deciding which ones you thought looked best before meeting me? You look up at me through lowered eyelashes in silent acknowledgement of what I see. You tell me that you've been thinking about today since we first set up our meeting. I agree and tell you that I've been looking forward to this since we first talked. You tug at my belt and I stop to shed the rest of my clothes. As I stand, I reach for your bra and fumble a bit as it finally dawns on me that it has a front closure. You smile at me silently and slightly roll your eyes as you let me recover from my mistake.

I unclasp the front of the bra, pushing the cups open and releasing your breasts, pushing the straps down over your shoulders as you let it slither down your arms to the floor. We embrace again and kiss with increasing heat as our hands roam each other's bodies. I reach up between us to gently squeeze your breast and rub your nipple with my thumb. 

"Not so fast, mister." You push me backwards onto the bed and my cock stands at attention. I like the confidence - it's sexy. You grasp the base of it while you lean over. Your breasts dangle tantalizingly, just out of reach as your hair tickles my thighs slightly and I can feel your hot breath on the tip of my cock as you squeeze and dip your tongue in to extract the clear drop that appears, a sticky trail appearing between my cock and your tongue as you pull away. You look me in the eyes and then lower your mouth to swirl your tongue around the head and then lick down the sides before taking me into your mouth. The ripple of your cheeks on my glans is heavenly. The groan that elicits from me tells you that you're getting the desired reaction from me as you begin sucking on me.

I reach for you, pulling you by the inside of the thigh, feeling the lace at the top of your stockings and the smooth skin where they meet. You react to my grasp and swing your body to be near my side. I sit up slightly and pull at the top of your panties, managing to get them to mid-thigh. As I do that, the aroma of your sex fills the room as I slide my hand back up the inside of your thigh to your pussy, finding that you are wet. I run my fingers through your slippery foldss as you continue to work your own magic on me. I wet two fingers and then put them up inside you, rubbing up against that sensitive spot in you, while my thumb makes insistent circles on your clit. We're each focused on the pleasure we're giving each other. Finally, you can't take the distraction of what you're feeling between your legs and you reach down to pull me away from the heat between your legs, so that you can focus on what you're doing to me.

As you work on my with your hands and your mouth, I can no longer hide the reaction they are having on me. My hands are laced in your hair and my breath is coming in short gasps. I can feel your lips move on me - perhaps the curl of a smile around my cock as you see what you do to me?

I tell you that I'm about to come and you lock your lips on my shaft as I lose control, stars appearing behind my eyes and a groan emanating from me as my cock pulses in your mouth, filling it. You finally pull up at the last, come trickling down your hand grasped around me as you smile to yourself. Yeah, you should be pleased with yourself for that. 

Finally coming to my senses, it is time for me to be in control of you. As you stand, I reach for your waist and suddenly pull you down to the bed. You fall across my body with a surprised squeak and I roll us over on the bed with you beneath me. I proceed to tell you what I'd like to do to you. You nod silently in reply.

I begin kissing and caressing my way down your body, with a quick nibble at your earlobe, a kiss on your neck, and a lick across your collarbone. I stop to give your breasts and nipples the attention they deserve. Do you like them pinched? Sucked? Nibbled? Gentle squeezing? Talk to me and tell me what you want, I'll make your wishes come true. Great sex is always about communication. I follow with a trail of kisses down your stomach stopping to tease you by licking your belly button and nipping at your stomach, while my hands roam your body, touching and stimulating you. Finally, I have to stop - I unbuckle and toss your heels to the floor while savoring the smoothness of your stocking-clad legs. I then reach to finish removing your panties as you watch me and slide your knees up to help.

Kneeling beside you on the bed by you, I see you spread out before me, like a feast for a starving man. I move over between your legs and nudge your thighs apart with my shoulders as I slide between them. You drape a stocking-clad leg over my shoulder caressing my back with your calf as I lean in between your legs to begin to pleasure you. The smell of you is intoxicating as I can't resist leaning in close to lick along your lips and up to your clit. You give a small involuntary jump as I reach this sensitive spot. I stop to tease you with kisses and small nips on the inside of your thighs, and then move in to lick you again and then back to teasing you. I sit back and blow gently across your sex and you shiver slightly at the feeling. You reach down and run your hands through my hair, trying to pull me down. 

Beginning to give you what you want in earnest, I lean up on one elbow and insert two fingers inside you and lean down to take you in my mouth, licking, sucking, nibbling and teasing you. You nudge my head to one side so that I'm working one side of your clit - Is that the side you rub when you're alone and feeling horny? I reach up with my free hand and caress your breast and worry your nipple with my thumb as I feel it harden under my touch. The swell of your breast feels wonderful in my hand and you take a hand to hold my hand to your chest.

If anything, you seem to be getting even hotter and wetter as I savor the flavor of you in my mouth as I lick and suck on your lips and clit. I can hear you reacting to what I'm doing to your body in the same way I couldn't hide what you were doing to me. I look up to see that your eyes are closed and your nostrils flared. Your chest is starting to flush with color. The panting and cries spur me on. You finally take both hands again and try to pull me down to you, hard. I take my fingers inside you and start to press up against the inside of you as my tongue goes into overdrive on your clit, taking you over the edge. You arch your back and cry out as your orgasm hits you, your legs pulling up over my shoulders as I continue to lick you hard. Finally, you have to push me away as your orgasm passes - your body is too sensitive to touch. I sit back to watch your body pulse gently before my eyes.

Finally, I move up the bed to hold you close as you lean in and put your head on my chest, draping an arm and a leg across me. We lie there for a while in languid silence just enjoying the feel of each other's body, skin-on-skin. We slowly use our hands to explore each other's curves and edges as we lie tangled up together - the touch and sensations that we're both enjoying. Your hand moves lower, grasping me and you realize that I'm hard for you again. You whisper in my ear, "I'm safe, are you?" I tell you that I am, but lean over the side of the bed to retrieve my pants from the floor and get a condom from my pocket. I'd rather make you feel comfortable - at least the first time. I wasn't sure this would happen, but I wanted to be prepared.

After watching me roll the condom onto my manhood, you place your hand in the middle of my chest and use it to lift yourself so that you're straddling my hips. Reaching down between us, you guide my cock into your pussy after rubbing the head up and down the slit to lubricate me with your juices. You look me in the eyes and then close them again as you slowly sink down onto me, savoring the feeling as I enter you. I feel your legs to either side of me as the stockings rub along my skin with a hiss.

You rearrange your hands on either side of my chest to get better balance and then slide up my cock to kiss me, the tip just inside of you, your dangling nipples grazing my chest as you do. You then slowly slide down with your head hanging, your face framed by your soft curls with your eyes closed and your mouth open, until you're fully seated on me. I reach to grasp your hips in my hands to help control the pace which is slow and steady. I love the position, as I get to enjoy the view of us as we slide together and watch your reactions on your beautiful face.

You pant softly from the effort as we continue to fuck each other. As our bodies come together, you tip your hips to grind your clit into my pelvis. A sheen of sweat builds on your body. I reach between us and begin to stroke your clit on the side you pushed me to as I was licking your pussy. A crooked smile crosses your lips with the realization that I was paying attention to what you like, but your eyes stay closed as you focus on the sensation of riding my hard cock. 

I ask if you'd like a little change up of position and you slow down your pace, but don't stop as we talk. We finally settle on me taking you from behind. With that decision you ride up and we separate with a wet sound as my erection springs loose and you give me a pouty look. I feel the same, leaving the warm, wet, slippery confines of your pussy. (I forget who the wag was that coined the expression, but basically he said that all men spend the first nine months of their life waiting to exit a vagina and the rest of their life trying to get back in...)

I pivot around behind you grabbing pillows from the top of the bed as I go while you position yourself in front of me. Leaning down slightly and wrapping my arms around you at the waist, I plant kisses on your shoulder and neck tasting the salty sweat on your skin. I pull the pillows under your hips as you bend over them in front of me and spread yourself with your fingers so that I can enter you again from behind. Grabbing your hips and sliding smoothly back into you, we both groan with pleasure at making our intimate contact again. You lay down with your chest on the bed and your ass in the air supported by the pillows as I start to fuck you with slow, steady strokes. 

The sound of our sweaty bodies coming together makes a slapping sound in the room and the bed starts to creak a little bit with our passionate exertions. I can feel my balls slapping into you with each stroke and I begin to pick up the pace as I see you begin to strain. You bend your calves up and push against my ass with your heels, with each stroke. I can see your cheek beginning to flush as you urge me to fuck you harder and deeper. I give you what we both want. 

"Pull my hair!" 

I let go of your hips and lace my fingers into your curls, just pulling your head off the bed a bit and arching your back. Your hands reach out and grab handfuls of the tangled bedding as your arms strain to hold your body still from the pounding you're getting. Arching your back has changed the angle that I'm entering your pussy and the feeling is unbelievable - I will not last for much longer. You continue to urge me on with the pressure of your heels on my ass as I slam into you, my balls slapping into you. Unlike your last orgasm, you appear to have gone nearly silent, holding your breath as your face continues to redden. I continue to try to push into you deeper and deeper with each stroke. 

It hits you, finally, and your pussy grips me in waves of spasms as I continue to try to force my way into you. You squeak and exhale explosively as your thighs shake against me with the force of your orgasm and your heels try to hold me in place. The force and feeling of your orgasm around my cock triggers my own as I grunt and fill the condom with my seed as I can feel myself pulse again and again inside of you as small spasms from within you continue to grip me. I cannot focus or concentrate from the intensity of the feeling.

As the blood finally leaves my manhood, I slip from your confines and strip the spent condom from my body. Breathless, we both roll to the side while you pull the pillows up for us. I spoon you from behind as you nestle against my body with a wiggle. The smell of our love-making lingers on the pillows as I sink into them, as does the smell and feel of your now damp hair which I'm pressed up against. I wrap my arms around you, and can feel your stomach continue to twitch lightly every now and again as your body relaxes against mine. I can see that the sun is getting a bit low as it filters through the nearly closed blinds. I hold you as your breathing gradually slows to a more regular pace. 

My eyes open and I realize in a slight panic that the afternoon has gone - we've both fallen asleep and it is way too late - I should have left hours ago. You are still curled up with me, but are facing me now with my leg threaded through your legs and our arms wrapped tightly around one another. You stir and open your eyes to look at me. We're disheveled and still a bit sticky from our encounter. I tell you that I really don't want to leave, but that I need to have a shower, find my things and go. I can't quite read the emotion on your face as you kiss me and get up from the bed, padding across the bedroom carpet in your stockings as my eyes silently follow your body as you head to a closet for some clean towels. 

You crook a finger at me in a come-hither motion as you head through the door into the bathroom. You flip the light on and we both recoil and squint at the sudden brightness. After rolling your stockings off, you reach into the glass shower enclosure and start the water running, keeping a hand in to test the temperature of the water. I pull your soft warm body to me and savor the feel of you melting into me as I bend for more passionate kisses while the water runs. I'm unable to keep control of my nascent erection caused by being near your body, but can't stop for us to act on it. We step sideways into the shower together as the warm water sluices over us, still embracing.

Looking around the shower caddy, I'm a bit overwhelmed by the number of different bottles, with various fragrances. As a simple guy, I'm not used to all of the fragrances as you reach for a body wash bottle and pour some into my hands, and then do the same for yourself. We proceed to wash each other, continuing our exploration with slippery hands over slick bodies. Your ministrations under the warm water do little to help with my erection. As we rinse, I make a mental note to carry some of my own soap so your fragrances don't give away the fact that I've been spending time with you, because I think I want to continue to spend more time with you.

The water begins to run cool and you turn to shut it off as goosebumps rise on your skin. I grab the towels and wrap you in one and hand you another for your hair before grabbing one for myself. Standing behind you at the sink, I wipe down and then dry my hair with the towel as you start to comb out your damp hair. We're both watching the other in the mirror. You continue to "accidentally" bump into me as you work your hair into shiny waves, smirking as you do so. The teasing is fun, but I need to get my clothes and leave. I can almost feel your gaze following my ass as I leave the room. 

I collect my clothes from the hallway and head back to the bedroom to put them on. You come to the doorway in your towel and lean on the frame, watching me silently. I'm having trouble getting my cock to behave so that I can get my underwear on as you play peek-a-boob with the towel with that smirk of yours, finally laughing at my predicament. With great difficulty, I manage to get dressed and we head to the hallway. 

I kneel down to put my shoes back on, and am focused on tying the laces when I hear you walk down the hallway towards me, I see the color of your hot pink nail polish out of the corner of my eye. I start to look up as your towel pools on the floor and now my gaze can't help but follow up your gorgeous form. Your teasing is keeping me in a near constant state of arousal, and I know that the drive home is going to be painful.

"Do I get another kiss before I go? I don't know when we'll be able to get together again, but I'd like to see you again." 

"You'd better call me, buster", you reply, standing on tip-toes and tipping your chin to me as we embrace and kiss deeply. I open the front door and go, as you stand naked in the doorway. As I turn to get into the car, I see you standing there with a hand held up in a silent farewell, your nipples slightly hardening in the cool evening air. The door slowly closes and I start the car.

The drive home is painful.