 I never expected you to take me up on my offer to meet me at the Bunny hole so, when I arrived, I set about getting the place ready for a bit of autoeroticism.  I laid out the comforter in front of the television.  Put a choice video in the machine.  I poured myself a glass of your drink of choice, when we are at the apartment, over ice and mixed it with Pepsi (I am such a punk when it comes to alcohol).  Next, I went into the computer room and removed all of my clothes.  I selected a nice red lace nightie to wear.  I feel so sexy in it.  The way it showcases my legs, and encases my breasts.  I love the way my areolas are just visible beneath the fabric and how my hard, erect nipples threaten to pierce right through.  The back is just long enough to cover my ass to just where it meets my thighs.  

All that was left to do was to pull out my toys.  I brought a few of my favorites.  My friend “Chocolate” the vibrating, penis shaped, dildo that is well endowed (but pales in comparison to TheEnterprise for so many reasons); the butterfly; and, the vibrating double silver bullets.  (I swear that when that handheld control to the bullets is at full tilt, it sounds like a Harley Big Twin Evolution 80 engine.  It almost feels like one, too.  Put that between your legs and keep a straight face.)  Those items, with a bit of lubrication, and I was set for an hour or more of self-appreciation.

With everything in place, I sat down to begin watching the porn flick in the VCR for inspiration.  Just then, my cell phone rang.  I checked the caller ID.  It read, “Thrill”.  Calling to beg off, no doubt.  I answered, with a forced voice that intentionally reflected, as best I could, indifference.  

“Hello”
“Hey”, was your reply.
“Hey.”  I responded, waiting for you to go into your explanation of why you would not be there.
“Are you going to let me in?”
My heart jumped.  You could not be here!
“Where are you?”
“At the door.  Where else would I be if I am asking you to let me in?”
 I could think of a place I would like you to be waiting to gain entrance.
“I will be down in a minute.”  I hoped that my voice still contained the indifference I tried to exude previously, but something about the way my words wavered said I failed.

My God, this was a surprise.  What do I do?  Get dressed for one.  I cannot go down to the vestibule of the building to let you in dressed like this.  I rushed into the computer room and slipped back into my silk sheath dress and slipped on my high-heeled mules.  A quick check of myself in the mirror:  respectable.  I grabbed my keys and my cell phone and rushed from the apartment.  No time for the elevator.  I ran down the stairs to the first floor.  I bolted through the door into the first floor hallway and stopped dead.  “Adjust yourself”, I said to myself.  “Gain some semblance of composure for God’s sake.”  

I took in a deep breath, slowly let it out, and started my steady walk down the hallway to the vestibule.  I turned the corner and there you stood at the door to the building...lit cigarette in hand; a look of unconcern on your face as you assessed the goings on outside in the parking lot.  You turned to me as if you sensed my presence.  Our eyes met and locked.  You smiled a faint smile at me that indicated you knew what I was thinking.  I was thinking what I always do at the sight of you: “DAMN!”  

I walked to the door as casually as I could manage, trying to pace my steps so as not to seem rushed or anxious...fighting back the desire to rush the door, open it, place my hands on your shoulders and jump into your arms while wrapping my thighs around your waist and giving you the longest, wettest, most throat probing kiss in the history of the world.  

But I remembered the words we spoke and what we agreed upon.  We will keep this in perspective.  It will not be what it was.  We will take care of each other’s physical needs.  That is what we are now.  

Calmly, I pushed the door open to let you in.  

“Hey”, you said again.
“Hey”, was my “nonchalant” reply.  I dared not look at you too long, meet your eyes with mine, or linger there.  I would lose all control, I feared.

I turned to head for the elevators.  You followed me as you did in the old days when this was a familiar happenstance.  We boarded the elevator.  I pushed for the designated floor.  You stood on one side, I on the other as the doors closed.  The air was thick, the ride longer than usual.  We used to use this time to kiss and touch as we rode to our floor.  Now we stood there across from each other. 

I felt self-conscious and nervous.  A feeling I had not experienced since I was a teen, or, more recently, since we first took the same ride in this elevator many months before.  You stood tall, distant, and confident…a façade, perhaps, but better than I could muster or see through.  You exuded one of the things I find so attractive about you:  A sense of self.  A confidence and self-assuredness that always promised me that everything would be fine…you would see to it.  You were in control, as always…in control of yourself, the situation, and of me.  I felt you looking at me.  Assessing the physical and emotional metamorphosis I had undergone since our last encounter months previously.  Did you wonder if I felt the same; if the magic was still there?  Did you care?

Finally, the door opened and we left the elevator and proceeded down the hall to the apartment.  The journey that used to be too long was now too short.  What would happen on the other side of the door of the apartment?  Would we find that the magic is gone?  That the physical attraction has waned?  Or, the sexual tension is now non-existent?  Just the glance at you that I allowed myself a few moments ago hinted that I still felt that heat…but did you?

I opened the door to the apartment and we entered.  You saw the set up I had prepared but said nothing.  I made a beeline to the kitchen to prepare your drink.

I bent over into the cabinet under the sink to retrieve the bottle.  I heard you from behind me say, “I always liked that view.”  I felt the blood rush to my face.  

“I don’t have much time”, you said.
“Well, make yourself comfortable.  I will be right there”, was my reply.  

I prepared your drink and joined you in the living room. As you did our first time, you did now...no pretense, or pomp and circumstance.  You made it clear what we were there for as you sat, completely naked on the sofa… the hard, erect Enterprise in hand.  It was all I could do not to drop your drink right there where I stood.  

I took you in from head to toe and up again.  Exquisite.  

“Are you going to give me my drink?”  Your voice brought me back to the here and now.  

I handed you your drink.
“Take off your dress”, you ordered with that soft voice you use that you know I can’t resist.

I reached behind me and unzipped my dress, let it drop to the floor and stepped out of it.  I stood before you in the red lace nightie…not at all what you expected to see, but your expression revealed that you were happy with the surprise.

You took a sip of your drink and took me in visually.  No sign of disappointment.  Neither was I with what I was still beholding, in spite of myself.  

“Don’t touch me tonight”, I said before I realized what I was saying.  “You have done me royally so many times, Thrill.  Let me do you this time.  You can touch my head to push me down on your cock, you can dominate me orally, but you will not penetrate me.  Not tonight.  Tonight I taste, touch, tease, and please you.  I love the feel of your big, gorgeous hands on my head when I go down on you.  But you will touch nothing else tonight.  I want to touch you.”

There was no argument from you.  I neither expected, nor would I tolerate any.  I wanted you to only feel tonight.  Do nothing but experience.  And you, to my utter amazement, acquiesced.  

My God, he was good to you!  And he apparently had an affinity towards me, because look at the epicurean feast he has placed before me.  Looking at your cock, standing tall, free, and hard.  It demanded oral gratification…and who was I to deny it? 

I dropped to my knees in front of you.  I allowed myself to look into your eyes.  You returned my gaze.  Oh yes…it was there:  The raw passion; the heat; the need to taste, feel, smell, and touch you.  I would do all of that in the time I had.  

I moved between your legs until TheEnterprise was millimeters away.  I drew the scent of you into my nostrils.  Ambrosia!  I took in the sight of you.  Gorgeous!  Now, the taste of you.  

I took the head of your cock into my mouth…just the head.  I clasped my lips around you…running my tongue around the head, over the head, into the hole at the tip that surrenders the sweet and tangy juices that I take internally, willingly, and longingly.   I held the head there between my lips, holding it while oblivious to all that is around me.  I was finally tasting what I had missed for so long. 

Slowly I lowered my head down the shaft, gripping every inch with my mouth.  Holding onto it with all the strength I had between my tongue and the roof of my mouth.  My cheeks were concave, the suction strong.  There was no air in the vacuum my mouth had become.  I wanted to feel every part of your cock, every vein that protruded from it, every crease created by them, the smoothness of it.  I never knew I loved the feel of a cock inside my mouth so much until I first felt yours.  

I pushed down to the base as far as I could go.  The head was enormous as it pressed at the tip of my throat.  I used to be able to take it into my throat, but now, I could not.  Out of practice.  My throat was too tense.  I was held by the kind of tension that is sexual…that makes your body shake, your throat close and your pussy open.  I felt my pussy getting wetter and wider.  My mouth watered, as did my eyes.  I wanted to give you the best of me.  I wanted your cock to feel as good to you being in my mouth as having you there felt to me.  I could only try.

I slowly lifted my mouth back up to the glorious top of TheEnterprise.  I gripped it with my left hand, and held onto your balls with my right hand while I circled my mouth around the head, working my tongue over and around it simultaneously.  I rubbed the area between your ass and your balls with my finger.  My mouth watered so much that the thick saliva saturated your cock and my left hand as it held it…so much that even my right hand was wet from it.  

I lifted my mouth from your cock and moved it along the underside of your cock to your balls.  I slowly and softly licked them…teasing you with the featherlike touch.  Then, with no warning, I engulfed them with my mouth.  With my teeth tucked under my lips, I slightly squeezed them as if biting.  I sucked each of them, one at a time, in and out of my mouth.  Try as I might, I could not get them both into my mouth at the same time.  

I tightened the grip my left hand had on your cock and started to jack you off slowly while still sucking your balls.  My hand glided up and down your cock with such ease from all of the lubrication from my dribble.  I moaned and gyrated as I felt myself about to cum.  I could not believe it…I was about to cum from giving you head!  I felt your cock getting harder...your balls getting tight.  I knew I said you would not penetrate me, but I had to feel you inside me…on that I would renege, but I would keep one part of my word, I would do you.

Reluctantly, but willingly (only because of what was to come), I moved away from your engorged cock and stood in front of you.  I pulled the shoulders of my nightie down and pulled my arms through to expose my breasts.  My nipples stood taught, the areolas drawn up around them.  I remembered what you had me do before as you sat on the sofa.   I would do the same for you now.  

I straddled you, aiming my pussy directly above TheEnterprise.  I lifted myself onto my feet in a stooping position, grabbed the back of the sofa on either side of your shoulders, and slowly lowered myself onto you, down slowly until I was impaled by you.  Sweet pain, delightfully stirs inside the deepest part of me.  You are in too deep, but I love the way it feels as it touches a place it should not.  I rise up and let myself sink back down.  The sensation hits again.  I keep this deliberate pace, the determined motion…up and back down, feeling every inch of you fill me from top to bottom and side to side.  I am completely filled by your gorgeous cock intermittently.  

I continue my steady rise and fall until my pace begins to quicken without my wanting it to.  Somehow, I am no longer in control.  My pussy knows what it wants to feel and takes over.  I am bouncing now, leaning forward into you, my tits slapping your face.  You take one into your mouth and squeeze it.  I feel it in my clit as if it were in your mouth instead.  My legs are getting numb.  My movements are frenetic.  I feel nothing except your dick inside me, my pussy swelling, and my clit getting harder and bigger.  

I keep riding you relentlessly until without warning or mercy, my pussy starts to tighten; my eyes begin to water; I feel myself begin to cry and shake; my breath is caught, I can not breath; I lose control of my body, drop down onto the whole of your cock, falling to my knees and forward into you.  I bite the back of the sofa to stifle an involuntary scream that has no breath to give it life, but is born out of the shock of your cock piercing the very depths of me while, simultaneously, I feel that familiar crescendo of heat, passion, emotional upheaval, sensuous pain, and uncontrollable spasm that is my orgasm arrive and take control of my body, leaving my mind spinning with too many feelings to grasp or comprehend, and my body convulsing and pulsating with pleasure that can only be derived from such perfect fucking.

I lye there against you, frozen, feeling every wave as my climax ebbs and flows, my pussy and innermost parts massaging your cock…engulfing it, thanking it for being the strong, hard, enduring phallus that it is.  

Slowly, the rapture subsides and I am slightly in control.  I lift my face from across your shoulder and look down our bodies to where your cock is rock hard and encased in my exhausted canal.  I see where your hair meets my bald mound.  The all of it completely wet with a mixture of juices from both my “mouths”.  I am struck by, and surrender to, the urge to take your cock into my mouth and suck all of my cum from it until I taste yours mix onto my tongue with it.

I am on a mission, possessed with the need to taste your sweet cum…to feel it shoot to the back of my throat, as it has before, with such force that it comes out of my nose.  I resume my position, down on my knees in front of you, about the business now of bringing you off, I pump your cock with my left hand as if trying to produce fire.  I encircle the base of your cock with my right hand and press down so that your balls are between your legs.  My mouth is encasing the swollen head and working that glorious "V" on the head of your cock that so intrigues me.  My manipulations are steady, synchronized…forceful.  I need to taste you.  I need to feel your release.  I want to send you back to the world both fulfilled and drained.  I work you until you cannot take anymore.  You begin to moan and stiffen.  Your cock begins to pulsate.  You suddenly push my head down with such force that your cock slams into the back of my throat just as the first strong, sharp stream of cum jettisons from your balls, through your cock and into my throat.  So strong is the force that cum does escape through my nostrils as several more spurts of your sweet spunk overflows back over my tongue and out of the sides of my mouth. 

I stay there, with your cock at the back of my throat until the throbbing diminishes.  I slowly lift my head to the tip of your cock as you grab the shaft and squeeze to relinquish the last drops of cum from it.  As if starved for it, with the very tip of my tongue, I lick the cum from the head, and play my pointy tongue all over it and into the hole…taking all of the cum I can find. 

Finally, while there on my knees between your legs, I look up at you, and you down at me.  While hungrily licking the residual cum from my lips and around my mouth, I look into those eyes of yours and immediately feel my clit hardening again.  Quickly, I realize my error, look away, rise and go to get your towel.  Big mistake, looking into your eyes. Those eyes of yours get me into trouble.  I know I cannot survive another round of you.  This will certainly hold me until next time.