 My encounters with Ms. Riley happened almost daily for a few weeks, and it slowed down to a few hot meetings a week. She was one of the best fucks ever, since I love larger women. I loved sleeping with her because of my love for older and plump women, and she loved it because she was sexually neglected before and now was having the most (and best) sex of her life.

About 4 months after we began having sex, I met a second horny lady in my building. She fulfilled another fantasy of mine, pregnant women. Joan was 23 and was eight months pregnant with her first child when we first met. She was of medium height with long blonde hair and the cutest face you can imagine. Along with a great ass and beautiful breasts, she was the total package. 

We met in the laundry room, which was in the basement of our building. One day as I walked down the stairs to the laundry room door, I heard something strange. I stopped and realized I could hear something over the sound of the washer, it sounded like a woman's moans of passion. I felt a stirring in my pants and moved towards the door. As I entered the semi-dark room, I saw Joan leaned up against the washer, with her pants around her ankles, her shirt pulled up to reveal her large belly, and one hand working in her white nylon panties. Her other hand was steadying herself against the rumbling washer. Her face was slick with sweat, and she had a look of pure lust. She noticed the movement and looked towards me, for a second she seemed startled and embarrassed, but she was too caught up in her pleasure to do anything. My cock was struggling to get out of my pants, and I knew I had to have this woman who was masturbating against a washer, with her pregnant belly hanging out. 

I dropped my clothes and raced to remove my clothes. I only got as far as my shoes, jeans, and underwear. As I moved closer to her, she stopped masturbating and struggled to climb up on the washer machine. I reached over and helped her get on top of it, and I lowered my hands to her sopping panties. I could make out her pink lips and light pubic hair through the thin material. I gently pulled off her panties and threw them on top of her other clothes, piled by the washer. I positioned myself so my pubic region could meet her crotch, and guided my 8" cock into her wet pussy. She was so horny I slid right in without any resistance. She sighed and began playing with her massive tits, swollen from her pregnancy.

I started off slowly, thrusting deep into her, as she slid towards me to meet my movements. Her moisture had spread all over her thighs and the surface of the machine, making her able to slip towards me quickly. Her frenzied moans became louder and more lustful as she came closer to orgasm. Her cries and slick pussy quickly pushed me over the edge; I came with a groan, deep inside her. Seconds later, her orgasm ripped through her body, her whole body heaving and twitching. She squeezed hard on her large breasts and arched her back, the orgasm leaving her panting and wet on top of the washer. 

After my strength returned, I picked her up off the washer and steadied her on the floor. I helped her get dressed and gather up her clothes. She wiped the hair back from her face and whispered in my ear that I needed to come up to her apartment, her husband wouldn't be home until late that night. We cleaned up around the washer and headed up to her apartment. I walked behind her, enjoying her swaying ass as she moved up the stairs. When we got to her floor I hung back so she could make sure the coast was clear, as she did not want to be seen with another man going into her apartment. 

When we were safely inside her apartment, we sat together on her couch and talked for a while, since at this point we did not even know each other’s names. She told me about how she had not had sex since she became pregnant, how her husband had started ignoring her. She also told me about how for the last eight months she had to depend on that washer for her sexual pleasure. I felt sorry for her, even more so as her nipples began poking out of her white shirt during her frank sexual talk. She noticed my staring at her ample chest, and began unzipping her pants again. She wasted no time in standing up to remove her pants and her panties, still wet from our last encounter. She sat back down again on the couch, and spread her legs wide, drawing them up to allow me full access. 

I dropped my head to her dripping pussy, and ran my tongue around her dripping slit. Her pubic hair was thick around the top of her pussy. She squirmed and grasped the back of my head, driving my face into her wet folds. She ground her crotch against my face as I thrust my tongue deep into her hole. I flicked around her hard clit, as my fingers moved gently in and out of her cunt. She moaned as continued to buck her hips towards me. She was so horny she came in a few short minutes, clutching my head as her pussy spasmed with her long orgasms. 

I let her lay there for a minute or so, and then continued my attack on her dripping pussy. I positioned her on the couch, so she was leaning over the arm and her wonderful ass was up the air, exposed for me. She had removed her top and her massive tits hung over the arm of the couch. She gently played with one swollen areola as she waited for my hard cock to enter her from behind. I got up on the couch and kneeled behind her ass. I slipped a finger into her still sopping wet cunt and spread her swollen lips apart. She grunted and tried to spread her legs farther apart. I guided the head of my cock into her hot passage, and slowly worked all eight inches into her. Once I got totally inside her, I held onto her wide hips and thrust myself into her over and over. This time I did not start slow or gentle, I fucked her hard right from the beginning. Within minutes she began throwing herself back at me, and wailed in pleasure. Before her massive orgasms hit her, she reached down beneath her belly and furiously rubbed at her clit, adding to her lustful yells. She yelled out as her orgasm hit her hard, and her pussy clenched around my cock. She came and came, screaming and still thrusting herself back onto me. I held out until her last orgasms, when her cunt squeezed the life out of my cock, and I unloaded my load deep inside her throbbing cunt. 

When she had caught her breath, Joan suggested we wind down in a bath. This seemed like a good plan for me, so we moved into her bathroom, and turned on the water. Once her tub had filled, I helped her get in gently, and then followed her into the warm water. I positioned myself, so she could lean up against me, with her back pressed against my chest, and her ass squeezed up to my crotch. 

I slowly washed her shoulders and upper back, working my way to her swollen breasts and belly. She moaned with approval. We laid in her tub for a long time, barely speaking, as we gently explored each other's bodies. After our long bath together, it was getting to be time for her husband to return home, and we did not want to take any chances. So we kissed and made plans to meet often, since pregnant women are always so horny!

To be continued...