 My name is Franky and this is a story about my last apartment that I lived in. Boy do I have some interesting stories to tell. I had just moved into my new apartment in complex DD. It was the first day in my new place and by 5pm I had gotten all my furniture and boxes moved in thanks to the movers. I was about sit down on my couch with a nice cold beer when a knock came on my door. 

"One moment," I said as I put my beer down and got up. As I was I was walking to the door I was thinking that the voice sounded female. 

As I opened up the door I got a good look of who went with the voice and she was HOT! In the doorway stood a girl a little shorter than me with long blond hair down to her back, with pretty blue eyes, and full lips on a pretty face. Her skin was nicely tanned with no visible tan lines from what I could see. Her body was toned from her head to her toes, which were in sneakers, with a nice ass covered in form fitting daisy dukes. She was showing a nice flat stomach barley coved by the t-shirt she was wearing. The shirt was small and tightly fit her body hugging her large DD breasts which were showing some great cleavage from the v neck on top. I could definitely feel myself starting to get hard in my pants. 

She said her name was Kami and that she was my across the way neighbor coming to welcome me to the apartment the "proper way". 

I introduced myself and let her in letting her squeeze on by me. As she passed I was able to get a quick look at her bubble butt bouncing in before she turned around and said, " That is was nice to finally have a guy in the complex and a handsome one at that too," with a smile on her face. 

Wha- what did you say?" I stuttered out in shock. 

"You're the only guy in the entire complex," Kami said as she put a hand on her hip," This place is nothing but a pussy gold mine waiting to be drilled into." The next thing I know she stepped right up to me putting her finger on my shirt. "You look fit. Are you single? Do you like what you see?" 

We hadn't even moved 5 feet from the door after I closed it and she was already coming on to me. All I could stammer out was, "Ye- yes," as she smiled at me. 

As she traced her finger down my body she started to lower down on to her knees until she was eye level with my jeans and her finger stopped right at the top of them, hooking them with a bit of a jerk. With a smirk on her lips Kami said," time to welcome you," and started to unfasten and unzip my jeans. While her right hand continued to pull my jeans and boxers down her left hand reached in and pulled out my cock with a delicate touch. 

"Looks like you like what you see since he is already getting hard," Kami said as she licked the tip with her tongue right before she slid it into her mouth. 

As she started to suck on my cock I let out gasp of air because I couldn't believe how warm it felt being inside her lips and that this was happening. As I looked down I could see a bit of a smile on the sides of Kami's lips as she bobbed back and forth at a steady pace. 

With a loud pop she came off my cock and said, " Six and a half inches, " as she was stroking me with her left hand ", and perfect girth. This thing can fill my mouth." And then dove right back on to my cock. All of a sudden the blonde big chested woman increased her speed on my shaft with both her hand and her mouth. I still couldn't believe what was happening. 

The sensation was incredible. I felt weak in the knees and had to steady myself with my hand on the top of my couch. As I looked down I saw her blonde hair fling back and forth. Her eyes were focused right above my shaft as she lubed me up with saliva. I could hear her left hand making squishy sounds with every stroke as her cock filled mouth slurped away while I felt her tongue going to town on me. "God it felt greeeat!" So much liquid was being produced it started to fall... Right on her massive tits! 

With Kami's movements her t-shirt incased breasts were moving up and down, left and right, and back in forth as they were getting drenched in her saliva making them slippery and shiny. At this point I realized she was not wearing a bra making me smile even more then I was. 

A few minutes later I could feel the buildup of cum and warned her I was going to explode. Without a second to breath Kami stopped and sealed her lips tight around my cock and started sucking creating a vacuum so powerful. That did it and I exploded right down her throat. The sensation was amazing! I shot load after load and she just swallowed it all. 

After the last shot Kami kept on sucking until she got the last drop of cum from me an then cleaned me off with her tongue before getting up and saying, " Mmmm, delicious, that was filling," with a smirk on her face kissing me on the lips. 

Kami then reached for the door and as she opened it she turned around to say, "Welcome to complex DD and I hope you enjoyed the proper way to welcome a new neighbor. Tomorrow night we can break in the apartment. Have dinner ready at 7 and I'll bring dessert." With that said she was out the door and I was still standing with a softening cock out. 

As I stuffed my cock back in my pants I could not help but think that was a proper way of welcoming someone here and did she say, "Only guy?" With that I headed to the bed room to get my bed ready for tomorrow. It was going to be needed to break this place in. I know I will like living here.