 Part 4: The Halloween Party

"How's this for a theme: 'When Worlds Collide' ... what do you think, Baby?"

"I think it'll be awesome!" Holly exclaimed as she sat with David talking over their plan for their Halloween party. It would be the first big thing they had planned, bringing together his friends and hers, along with some of their work friends.

"I know that Halloween is your favorite holiday, so this should be great fun," he added. "I've got the clubhouse reserved and John's band has agreed to play."

"They don't just play old people's music do they?" she asked, tossing back her head of shoulder length chestnut-colored hair, her greenish eyes teasing him.

"Now you do remember what happened the last time you joked about my age?" he said, remembering the image of her body naked and bent over his lap while he spanked her sweet firm ass. 

"Mmm, yes I do, and it was wonderful!" she laughed.

He reached over to her and took her into his arms, pulling her close enough for a kiss. "I don't know what I'm going to do about disciplining you, but I swear I will come up with something."

"And what will you do if it's something that turns me on?"

"Spend the rest of my life turning you on, I guess."

"I'd love that, Honey," she said sweetly.

"And so would I, I'm sure," David said. He hugged her close to him and kissed her again, brushing his lips on her soft warm and wet ones. He loved the taste of her. "So what do you want to go as?"

"Well, I have this really cool thing that I designed myself and it works really well as a couple thing too," Holly said. "You can go as a vampire and I can go as your victim."

"Mmm, as long as I get to nibble on your neck all night, that would be cool."

"Actually, I'll be wanting you to nibble on something else," she said, teasing him by poking the tip of her tongue out between her teeth.

***

The following week, they figured out what they needed for decorations and took a trip to the big Halloween specialty store not far away. They went crazy wandering the aisles, finding all sorts of weird and creepy stuff to decorate the clubhouse. Even though they knew how they were going to dress, they played around looking at costumes. David paused for a moment and looked at his lover. She was so young and alive and always looked so sexy to him. She was wearing an awesome pair of tall boots on that came almost to her knees, black stockings and a short pleated woolen skirt. Her black leather jacket parted enough to show off her pastel cashmere sweater and the wonderful curves of her breasts. And as she tilted her head, her long dark red hair, a lovely shade of chestnut fell over her shoulder, making him sigh with desire.

"Oh, I could see you in this one," Holly called out, holding up a Tarzan costume.

"Well, I have been working out a lot lately," David replied, assuming a weight-lifter stance and flexing his muscles. "Your guy friends won't get jealous or anything, will they?"

"They already are, Honey," she laughed and continued browsing through the rack of men's costumes. She glanced back at him as he continued looking through the women's costumes. His sandy brown hair was still streaked blond from the time he spent outside during the summer. His tall slender frame nicely filled out the faded jeans and the warm denim shirt he wore. The well-worn brown leather bomber jacket added nicely to his look. He wasn't the most handsome guy she had ever been with, but there was a quiet confidence about him, a surety of who he was and where he was going that she found irresistible. And she always melted when he looked at her and she saw the intense loving feelings in his green eyes. The fact that he was so much older than her mattered little to her now; it simply felt so right for them to be together.

"Uh-oh," David remarked loudly, pulling one from the rack. "Oh, Baby! This is you! Absolutely!"

"What?" Holly asked, looking over.

"I can definitely see you in this!" he exclaimed, holding up a skimpy French Maid costume.

"Figures," she said with a fake tone of disgust coloring her voice. "You just like the idea of seeing me half naked."

"Actually," David said, hanging it back up and stepping up beside her. "I am quite fond of the idea of seeing you completely naked."

"And I like being naked with you, Hon," she said, accepting his little kiss on her cheek. "But look, I have all the other makeup, we need to find you some vamp teeth."

Looking through the store's wide selection, they found a scary set that fit his mouth perfectly. He couldn't resist wearing them and trying out scary voices on unsuspecting customers. After working through the checkout line, they toted their purchases out to the car. A chill breeze was blowing, but as David held the door open for her, he looped his arm around the waist of her leather jacket and pulled her body toward him before she could slip into the car. He gave her a long deep wet kiss.

"I love you, Baby," he said softly, his voice rising just above the whistle of the wind. "And I can't wait to get you home."

"And do what?" she teased.

"Oh, I don't know," he said blankly. "Play a game of Parcheesi or maybe checkers."

"Only if it's strip checkers," she laughed, gripping the cheeks of his ass and pulling his hips toward her. "And I will beat your ass. What do you say?"

"I say, what are we doing freezing our asses off in this damn parking lot," he answered, releasing his hug a bit. "Let's go, Baby!"

As they motored toward their apartment, Holly couldn't resist pulling out some of the stuff to check it out. She was like a kid at Christmas, talking excitedly about each thing, what she liked about it and where it would be best to hang or display it. David smiled at her joy, and knowing that they would be sharing this holiday together made it more special.

"I can't wait," she giggled. "This will be so much fun."

"Well, I want to make as many of your dreams come true as I can," he said.

"And you have," she replied, putting the bags away and taking his hand. "One by one."

"So tell me," he asked. "Are there any other deep dark fantasies that you have lurking in that freaky mind of yours that you haven't told me about?"

"There's still a few," she replied. "But you don't want to know them."

"Sure I do," he answered. "Tell me."

"Oh, I don't think so," she protested. "You'd think that they were too weird."

"Try me. You never know, it might be one of mine."

"I'm not so sure about that," Holly said hesitantly. "I'm kind of a freak and I've shared more with you than just about anybody else, but you'd think this was really bizarre."

"Come on, Baby, you can tell me," David said. "Really. I won't laugh and I won't be grossed out or anything. Tell me."

"Well," she said reluctantly. "What about a graveyard?"

"What about them?"

"What about doing it in a graveyard?"

"Hmm, let's see," he said trying to fill in the image growing in his mind. "You and me on a dark windy night, your skirt up to your hips, your panties down to your knees, pressing your soft warm body up against a cold hard gravestone." David glanced over at her while he drove. He had seen the look on her face before, a deep look of desire and longing.

"Mmm, that would be so hot," Holly said, the image fixing in her brain.

"Yes, it would be," David added. "Of course being with you anywhere is hot to me."

"Better take it easy, old man," she said, her hand slipping over to check if anything was growing in his lap. And there was. "If you turn me on enough I just might just make you live that one out."

"Like I would complain," David said, looking over at her closely, seeing the rosy blush on her cheeks and the dreamy look glow in her eyes. All it took was a look from her to fill him with desire. His hand slipped from the gearshift to her thigh, settling just below the hem of her short pleated woolen skirt. 

The soft silky feel of her leg through the stocking delighted his touch. He knew that on the way home, not far from the apartment was the Grand Oaks Cemetery. It was chilly this evening, but perhaps not so cold that ... he hesitated to finish the thought. 

"Mmm, David," she moaned softly as his hand eased up underneath her skirt, flirting with the lace top of her stocking. "Are you sure you want to do that?"

"Yes I am," he remarked. "And I'm sure about this." He slowed and pulled into the approach to the cemetery. As the headlights flashed on the open gates and caught the shadows of the first headstones, he felt her hand grip him firmly.

"Oh, my god!" Holly exclaimed with a squeal, the blush on her cheeks growing deeper. "I didn't think you'd ... I mean, you don't have to ... are you sure about this?"

David didn't say a word, but doused the headlights as he turned through a short curve in the roadway and pulled to a stop. He leaned over to her, placed his hand on her chin and turned her face toward his. He placed another kiss upon her lips, a deep penetrating kiss that told her of his teeming desire for her. "Baby, you know that I'd do anything to make you happy. If it turns you on, it turns me on, all right?"

"Are you sure?" she asked softly. "I didn't mean that we had to do it tonight or anything."

"I know. But we're here and I want you too. So come on! Let's go!" was his reply and he climbed out of the car. David opened up the passenger door and reached inside for her. Holly seemed tentative in her reaction as he took her arm and helped her out.

"I can't believe we're doing this," she cried, taking his hand as they ran from the car and raced among the headstones and markers. 

David slowed and gathered her up in his arms. The breeze filtering through the trees was chill, but they were protected in the shadow of a mausoleum and his hands found her body warm underneath her leather jacket. With one hand around her waist and the other reaching up to her cheek, he bent forward and kissed her full on the lips, his tongue penetrating her mouth, reaching out to wrestle with hers. Holly reached around him and pulled his body to her. Wrapping her arms around his shoulders, she felt herself opening up to him, surrendering to the passion of the moment. He felt warm to her, a heat that penetrated deeply into her and raised the temperature of her desire for him.

"Oh, Honey," she called out. "I want you ... so much ... right now!"

David advanced toward her and, almost as if dancing an exotic needful tango, they backed up toward the cold stone building. His hands edged along the opening of her jacket and then pushing up underneath her sweater. His fingers felt just the slightest bit cold to her as they glided along her warm tender flesh. Darting up higher they danced over her breasts, teasing her nipples through the thin lace of her bra. She wanted to feel his unobstructed touch so badly that she almost wished she hadn't worn one. His cool fingers pulled at the cups just enough to be able to touch her taut nipples, rubbing back and forth over them, pinching them gently, and pulling at them tenderly. Their wet kisses became frantic, full of tongue and heated movement.

Holly's hands reached down along his body, feeling the urgency of his body, his muscles tensed up, his flesh vibrating with excitement. She felt the stiffness of his cock through the coarse fabric of his jeans. She rubbed her hands over his belly, his crotch, and his thighs, capturing his response to her touch circling over his yearning body. Tugging at his zipper, she managed to pull it down enough to slip a hand inside and feel his warm body through the silk of his boxers. Just as her long fingers curled around the shaft of his cock, he started to stoop down, pausing for a few moments to tease the warm exposed flesh of her body with his kisses.

As he knelt between her legs, she felt his hands move up underneath her skirt, following her legs up past the stocking tops, over the soft sweet skin of her thighs, until they reached the thin panel of lace that barely covered her pussy. After lightly rubbing across her, they continued upward, pushing her skirt up so that he could bring his face closer to her. She felt the warmth of his breath upon her body then the dampness of his kiss on her pussy, adding to her own that had been building. His tongue glided up and down along her lace-covered slit, and she spread her legs a bit farther and thrust her hips outward against him. He pulled the panties to the side of her damp folds and pressed forward against her, his warm lips and tongue thrilling her, sending chills up and down her spine.

David moved his tongue up and down along her, tasting her excitement, letting the tip press up inside her for a moment, then dance up around and around her clit, then dart up and down quickly her complete length. As he pressed forward lifting her skirt up and out of his way, he pressed the cheeks of her ass against the cold stone of the building. The mere chilling touch sent a huge shiver through her body. The heat of his passion warmed her greatly, making the shock of the cold stone an exciting contrast. She raised a leg up and hooked it over his shoulder, opening herself wider for him, urging him to continue. Her wetness flowed over his chin and dripped down onto her thigh sending another chill through her. His tongue continued to work his magic on her bringing her close to begging for him. As a shuddering climax echoed through her, she reached down for his face and pulled him up, kissing away the cool musky scented moisture on his lips and chin.

Holly then sank to her own knees and he turned around to lean back against the wall of the stone mausoleum. She pulled his jeans open and reached inside his boxers for his cock, now nearly fully erect. Wasting no time, she took it eagerly into her mouth, feeling him flinch and gasp as she fully enveloped the head and flicked her tongue around and around it. Wrapping her long fingers around the shaft, she worked her hot mouth on the very end of him, making sure to drag her teeth over it as she pulled away. Licking and kissing every part of him, she felt him quickly grow as stiff as she had ever seen. The heat and hardness of his member made her want him all the more. She stood up and keeping her hand on him, slipped into his waiting arms. 

David reached down under her skirt and quickly worked her panties down and away from her pussy. He suddenly spun her around and pressed her up against the wall. Working his cock between the cheeks of her ass, the head found the heat and wetness of her pussy and pressed forward. At first it was just the very tip that entered her. In and out, slowly and surely, he began to push farther into her until he finally buried his entire length inside her.

She raised her arms upward to brace herself as he began to plunge deeply inside her. Hard and fast he began to work inside her. His hands reached up again, pushing her sweater up and finding her nipples as stiff as pebbles. He pulled on them more firmly than before and felt her body quiver with pleasure.

"Oh, David," she called out, unable to control the way her hips pushed back against his thrusting. "Oh, yes, Honey!"

In the scattering light of the moon and stars, they pressed up against the wall, locked in their hot passionate loving embrace. The intense feelings kept building inside them both and they ground their bodies together seeking the release that would flood them with pleasure. Harder and faster they pushed and pulled. David felt her body tremble when he dragged his fingers across her clit while his other hand kept touching and teasing her breasts. Then he pulled her away from the building and back with him falling to the ground and rolling over until Holly was laying on her back atop a large gravestone that was flush with the ground. He knelt between her legs and let his long stiff cock point toward her open wet pussy. He lowered his hips until they met hers and his cock began to contact the folds of her sex.

"Oh, Baby, I love you so much!" he said as he felt the head push up inside her wet smooth warmth.

"Oh, yeah, Honey!" she replied, spreading her legs and reaching down to grab his ass and pull his hips toward her. "Oh, I love you too, Hon!"

He worked the thick head in and out of her opening, feeling her grow wetter and slicker, feeling her push against him, trying to increase the intense sensations that were making her body tremble with a surging passion. With each push, each plunge, and each thrust David moved deeper inside Holly. Her body was pressed down onto the cold stone, the lush cheeks of her ass flattened against the weathered surface of the granite. The chill of the stone sent dark tingles of pleasure through her, making her writhe and wriggle with a wild uncontrolled spirit that urged her lover on. Sensing how aroused Holly had become, David's movement atop her grew with an equal will; the shared energy was multiplying and they grasped at each other with a mad passion that was consuming them.

"Oh, god, Holly," David cried out as he thrust harder and harder. 

His hands reached under and around her shoulders, clutching at her, gripping her with a strength she had never before felt from him. There was a blanket of stars twinkling above them, obscured by occasional clouds passing overhead, but they were both so caught up by passion of their lovemaking that they hardly noticed. Making love on the ground, protected from the wind by the mausoleum, they thrashed about, letting each thrust push them higher until they were ready to come. Holly dug the heels of her boots into the ground and pushed up wildly as his movements came harder and faster and stronger.

"Oh, David! I'm almost there!" Holly cried out loudly.

"Me too, Baby!" David responded hoarsely, feeling his own peak near.

As Holly began to feel her passion crest, she dug her nails into the leather of his jacket. Her mouth found the warmth of his neck, and without being completely aware, she nipped firmly, not enough to draw blood, but sufficient to send a bolt of energy through him. With a flurry of strong heavy thrusts, he pounded her sweet body until his own climax exploded, sending his hot cum shooting up deep inside her body. As soon as she felt his cum spurt inside her, Holly hugged her lover and kissed his neck.

"Oh, David, honey!" she whispered in his ear as he continued to work his slick cock in and out of her. "I love you so much!"

It was several moments until he slowed down to a stop and began to catch his breath. His body was trembling greatly as he lay atop her, nestled between the spread of her legs.

"Whoa, I don't know what got into me," he said softly, almost apologetically. "Are you okay?"

"I'm just great, Hon," she replied. "That was almost too intense. I had no idea ..."

"Me neither," he replied, giving Holly a great hug and a long deep wet kiss. "I love you, Baby!"

"Mmm, David," she said, holding him close for a few moments longer.

"Think we should be going though? It's getting late," David said. "I need to get you home and warm you up."

"Not that I'm not already warmed up," she giggled. "But maybe a long hot shower with you and some hot tea will help."

"I like the sound of that," David answered.

With another kiss, they separated, pulled their clothes together and stood up, linking arms.

"Well, I hope that old Elwood here doesn't mind," David cracked looking down and reading the name on the headstone.

"Probably the most action he's been part of since what, October 21, 1939," Holly added with a nervous chuckle.

They walked through the cemetery toward the car arm in arm. When David held the door open for her, Holly paused before slipping inside.

"Thank you, honey," she said softly, reaching up to touch his cheek. "That was so hot!"

"Anything for you, Babe," he replied, kissing her tenderly before she got inside the car. With the images of their wild graveyard tryst still fresh, they began to talk about their plans for the party that just a few days away. They were both excited and looking forward to the event, wondering how it would turn out. David knew that anything they did together would be fun and exciting. It always had been. He took her hand and squeezed it tightly.
