 Wednesday afternoon in Midtown Atlanta. She sat at her desk at the office where she worked, trying to act busy but in reality, she was daydreaming big time. What was on her mind was a date she had for Friday night with a new man who she'd recently met on the internet. Obviously charming, witty and quick (qualities that she really liked in a man), he had commented on how much he liked her profile and pictures, and how much they seemed to have in common. Those types of comments alone weren't normally enough to grab her attention, but this time, they did. So she had responded and they exchanged a couple of messages before talking on the phone. When they talked on the phone, she was immediately captivated by his deep, sexy, sensual voice which sent shivers up and down her spine.

Before long, she had found herself engaged in a very hot, erotic session of phone sex, listening to his voice as he described what he wanted her to do to him and how he imagined her responding. During this exchange, they both started masturbating, and it wasn't very long before she was cumming in an amazing rush of sensations, her orgasm filling her body with amazingly erotic and carnal feelings. And then hearing him cum, too, as he moaned and groaned, and then shouted out that his cum was spurting all over the place, had sent her through the roof. Oh my God, she thought, that was so incredibly hot.

Now it was 2 days before their meeting and she was very nervous, but definitely excited. She hadn't slept well last night with thoughts of him and their impending meeting racing through her mind. She had even gotten up at one point and started reading a book, hoping that would put her to sleep, but not even that did the trick. Finally, after masturbating while thinking of him, she was able to go to sleep, and when she woke this morning, she was even more excited than she had been yesterday.

So as she sat at her desk this morning, it was no surprise that her thoughts strayed to him again, and that she started reliving how she was feeling last night while she was masturbating. She vividly remembered laying in bed, feeling very restless after reading for a while, and then, while thinking of him, felt a very sensual, sexual feeling start to envelope her. She started rubbing her pussy, realizing that it was already wet and that her clit was partially swollen just from thinking about him. Rubbing her clit, massaging it and feeling the wetness that was now dripping from her pussy, she then started playing with her nipples which were already hard and erect. She squeezed her nipples, rolling them between her fingers, feeling electrifying charges shooting through her pussy and down her legs. Sticking one finger, and then two, into her hot, wet cunt, she began to push her finger in and out, finger-fucking herself and hearing squishing sounds emanating from the wetness that was building there.

Suddenly, she began to imagine what his cock looked like, and she imagined sucking on it, sticking it way down into her throat as far as she could get it, and watching his face as he watched her give him head. Growing more and more turned on from the vivid images of oral pleasures, thoughts of him fucking her wildly started to dash through her mind, and she could feel herself becoming very wet. She reached over, opened the drawer to her nightstand and bought out a bag that contained a vibrator and two clit stimulators. She took the clit stimulators out of the bag, turned them on, placing one on her left nipple and the other one on her swollen clit, which immediately sent incredibly erotic sensations throughout her body. Dazed and electrified at the same time, she began to moan, so caught up in the moment, fantasizing about him actually being there on top of her, fucking her pussy while kissing her passionately, their tongues probing and dancing in each other's mouths. Pumping her, pushing his stiff, hard cock in and out of her, he gazed at her in the eyes with a very intense, impassioned look, sending shivers into her pussy as it started to throb and pulsate. Then he told her to get on top of him, that he wanted her to dangle her tits in his face so he could suck on her incredibly hard nipples while she rode him. And so she obeyed, feeling an amazing rush of sensations as she sat on his hard, stiff cock. Dangling her tits in his face, he began to lick and suck on her nipples.

"Oh God, that feels so good," she whispered in his ear (still fantasizing that he was actually there in her bed, groping her body and sucking on her nipples). "Please don't stop," she moaned, "Oh, baby, keep sucking on my nipples.... just.... like.... that...."

And so he did, sucking, licking, squeezing and pinching her nipples as she felt amazing sensations of incredible feelings shooting through her body, turning her on even more. She could feel his hard cock growing even more stiff inside her wet cunt, and as she squeezed her pussy around his cock, he gasped and moaned in response.

"Wow," he said, "you have very strong muscles down there, don't you?" obviously liking what she was doing with her cunt.

"Oh, yes, baby," she said as she squeezed his cock even harder with her pussy, "how does that feel?"

He moaned even louder and responded "God, it feels incredible, baby.... just amazing."

By now, she was so turned on, so completely hot, her pussy pulsating and throbbing, on the very edge of an incredibly strong orgasm.

"Oh baby, I'm going to cum," she cried out, "I'm going to cum." And then, she started to cum in a rush of erotic sensations as she moaned loudly and yelled out, "I'm cumming, baby.... oh God, I'm cumming so hard."

And as the orgasm overtook her, he could feel her pussy throbbing, the muscles contracting even harder around his hard, stiff cock. Now her body was shaking, and as he held her tightly, drinking in the intensity of her orgasm, he started to cum, too, shooting his load into her hot, wet, pulsating pussy.

"Baby, can you feel me cumming inside of you?" he asked intensely.

"Oh God, yes," she replied, I can feel you cumming, baby.... your cock is shooting its cum inside me and it feels so good."

He grabbed her and held her tightly as their bodies shook in unison. Their orgasms built more and more, growing even more intense. For what seemed like a very long time, they came together, and she felt so connected to him. And then, as their orgasms started to subside, he began kissing her passionately as he squeezed and pinched her nipples, sending her over the edge and into another orgasm.

"Oh God, I'm cumming again, baby.... I'm cumming again," she moaned breathlessly.

Surprised, he said quizzically, "You are?" But it was obvious that she was in the throes of an enormous climax, and as her body quivered and shook, he held her close and kissed her lips, her cheek, her neck, her shoulders, her arms. Her orgasm became more intense as her pussy pulsated even more, sending amazing sensations throughout her body. She looked at him with a glazed look in her eyes with feelings that were almost surreal. She felt as though they were floating high above the earth in a galaxy all their own. And then, as her orgasm subsided, she laid down beside him, and as he held her in his arms, feeling so completely fulfilled and satisfied, she fell asleep.

Suddenly, she heard a voice say, "Here, I need you to type this letter," snapping her back into reality. Looking up, she saw her boss standing there, and realized that she had been very far away from this mundane office space. Taking the letter, she put it on her typing stand and began to type it, but her mind was still very far away, and she was more convinced than ever that Friday night was going to be a night to remember.