 The door opened, and you walked in.

"Hi Babe," you said, "What are we having for lunch today?"

I looked at you and smiled, staring in wonder at the lovely pink skirt and jacket that you we wearing.

"I thought we'd skip lunch, and just have sex." I said, chuckling.

You laughed, and gave me a cuddle, and squirmed as my hands rubbed your bum.

"Stop it," you muttered, "let's eat."

I let go, reluctantly, and you followed me into the kitchen.

The bowls were laid out, the bread was on the table, and the soup was hot. You sat down, and I poured the soup, and carried it over to the table. We sat and ate, talking as we did of the week past and the coming few days.

We smiled at each other a lot, enjoying each other's company.

Once we had finished the soup, I stood up, and cleared the bowls.

"There's pudding too." I said.

"You spoil me." You replied.

I laughed, and pulled two bowls of "Angel Delight" out of the fridge.

"Mmm. Lovely." You said.

I sat down again, and we got stuck into our pudding, eating quietly.

"Tea?" I asked.

"Love one." You answered.

I got up, and put the kettle on, and stood behind you, beginning to rub your shoulders. You groaned as my fingers loosened the knots of tension in your neck.

"Take off the jacket, and you'll get a better massage." I said.

"I'm OK at the moment." You said, and shrugged me off.

"Fair enough." I said, and finished making the tea.

We finished our pudding, and took our tea into the living room, and sat down on the sofa. I made a grab for you, and you pushed me away. Undeterred, I gave you a big hug, which you returned.

"Get off," you said, "I've got to drink my tea, and then get back to work."

"Oh well, I suppose you must." I said, a hint of sadness in my voice.

We sat, silent, and drank our tea, a tension building between us.

I stood up, and walked upstairs to get the things I had bought back from the "USA" for you. I walked back down, and handed them to you.

"Oh, thanks Babe." You said, throwing your arms around me and kissing me, before pulling away.

"That's OK," I said, "I promised I would, and I always try to keep my promises. That kiss was nice, how about another one."

You laughed, as I pressed my lips against yours, my chest pressing against your breasts. We kissed, and then kissed again, this time, my tongue pushed its way into your mouth, fighting against your tongue.

I felt you relax under me, and then felt your arms grip me tightly, as your lust began to match mine.

I pulled away, and began to undo the buttons on your jacket, you watched me, as smile on your lips. You sat up, and shrugged off the jacket. I saw you lovely white silk top, and rested my head against you breasts. Your hands ran up and down my back, as I slid my hand over the smoothness of your leg, until it slipped under your short skirt. You didn't stop me, so my hand continued up, slipping over the top of your very light stockings, onto your warm pliant flesh. I gasped, as my hand touched flesh. I had been convinced you were wearing tights.

I sat up, my hand still resting on your bare flesh, and kissed you once more. My free hand traced its way over the silk top, rubbing over your breasts, feeling the firmness of your nipples. I felt you shiver at the contact, but you carried on kissing me, and didn't push me away.

Emboldened, I removed my hand from your skirt, and grabbed the bottom of the top. Pulling away from the kiss, I lifted the top over your head. You obligingly lifted your arms, to ease its removal. I looked at your eyes, and saw confirmation, that you wanted this as much as I did. I looked down, and saw your dark pink bra, and marvelled at how beautiful it looked.

I reached for your breasts, and ran my hands over the lacy covering, loving the feel against my palms.

Abruptly you stood up, and before I could ask why, you had undone your skirt, and let it slide down your legs, revealing your matching panties. I stood up, and pressed myself against you sliding my hands onto the nakedness of your bum, revealed by your beautiful pink g-string.

Our kisses became more urgent, and you slid your hand to the front of my shorts, and undid them. We allowed a little gap between us, and the shorts slid to the floor. I stepped out of them pushing you away from the sofa, and began to steer you to the back of the sofa. Your hands were busy trying to push down my boxer shorts, as our tongues duelled.

I pushed you against the back of the sofa, and broke off the kiss.

"Turn round." I whispered, my voice husky with lust.

You complied, silently. I slid my hands up the front of your body, cupping your breasts, squeezing gently. You leant back into me, and I pressed my erection against your bum. I moved one hand, and tried, unsuccessfully to remove my boxers. I could hear you chuckling. I removed the other hand, and quickly removed my underwear. I slapped your bum gently.

"What was that for?" You yelped.

"Laughing." I replied, softly rubbing the cheek I had slapped.

My hands began to once more rub your breasts, and I began to kiss the back of your neck. You pushed back against me, your bum trapping my cock against my stomach. You sighed as I continued kissing you. I pushed you forward, and you bent from the waist, allowing me an unhindered view of your glorious bum. I could see the slight dampness of your arousal on the tops of your thighs, and slide a hand between them. You spread your legs slightly, to allow me easier access, and I began to rub over the dampened crotch of your panties. You moaned as my fingers rubbed your swollen pussy lips.

I slowly pulled the damp material to one side, and slipped a finger between your engorged lips. I knelt down, and placed my mouth over your hat, wet pussy, and licked the juices. You shuddered as my tongue snaked its way into your pussy.

"That's bloody nice." You muttered.

I stood up, and leant over you.

"I think we should hurry Babe," I said, "you need to get back to work soon, and I've got to go and give blood."

You nodded your head, and stood up.

"Follow me." I said, taking your hand and leading you into the kitchen.

I sat down on a chair, and pulled you toward me. I reached out, and hooked my fingers into the sides of your g-string, and slowly drew them down over your stocking clad legs. You stepped out of them, and straddled the chair, as I carelessly flung the panties onto the floor. I looked at you, as you slowly sat down, grabbing my hard cock with your hands, and guiding it to the entrance of your waiting pussy. I felt the first hot contact, and then we were connected. You removed your hands, and leant forward to kiss me. Our lips met again, as our bodies became connected in two places.

I slid my hands round to the back of your bra, as you began to move yourself up and down on my rigid pole. I found the clasp, and quickly undid it. Sliding the material off your shoulders. You shrugged it off, and I threw it onto the floor with the panties. You sat up straighter, and I was rewarded with the view of your breasts swinging before me as you began to speed up your movements.

I held you hips, helping you keep a nice steady movement, and leant forward, taking one of your hard nipples into my mouth, sucking and licking.

Our breathing became laboured as we strove to reach our climax. I began to jerk up off the chair each time you were coming down. Your nipple slipped from my mouth as I threw my head back in ecstasy at the pleasure our fucking was giving me. I looked at you, and saw that your eyes were closed, and that your mouth was open, as you gulped air into your lungs.

I moved one of my hands, and managed to get the thumb resting on your clit, stimulating it each time you moved.

I could feel my orgasm building, as you continued to move up and down on my hard cock. I felt you begin to tense up, and then, you froze. Your body began to shake, and I could feel you pussy tighten its grip on me as you reached your orgasmic peak. Your head fell forward onto my shoulder, as I continued to move my cock inside you.

"I'm nearly cumming." I whispered.

"Great." You said, your voice barely a whisper. "This is bloody good, but I don't think I can take too much more."

"That's OK Babe," I said, "because I'm cumming now."

I grunted as my balls shot wads of spunk into your tight pussy. My body tensing with each spurt. My lips found yours, and gave you a gentle kiss.

"Sorry to rush you after that fantastic fuck babe, but I think you might be a little late." I said.

"I can live with that," you replied, chuckling, "but I'm not sure about the state I'm going back to work in."

I laughed, and helped you stand up. You walked, on unsteady legs to the stairs, and went up to the bathroom.

I just sat on the chair, a huge grin on my face. I watched you walk back into the kitchen a minute later, and marvelled at how beautiful you were.

"You are lovely." I said.

I stood up, and gave you a big hug. We kissed again, and then began to get dressed. I watched as you slid your bra on, and adjusted your gorgeous breasts into a comfortable position, and watched you slide your legs into the g-sting, again adjusting for comfort.

You smiled at me as you walked back into the living room, and began to put on the rest of your clothes. Dressed once more, we picked our things, your handbag, my letter for blood donation, and kissed once more.

"Blimey," I said, "don't we look respectable, no-one would think we've just had fantastic sex."

"No they wouldn't." You answered, as you gave my crotch a gentle pat.

"We'll have to do this again." You said, smiling.

"Yep." I answered. "When?"