 Lately everything seems to be headed in some kind of downward spiral. My fiancée just left me for reasons that I'll probably never figure out. She said that she needed some time to herself, and that she needed to put things into perspective. Who knew that breaking up would be so hard? 

The one thing that seems to never change, and tends to always bring a smile to my face, is talking to Jodi. We met under somewhat strange circumstances, but I am extremely happy that we did! She edited a story that I wrote for Literotica, and our friendship took off from there. She was always so easy to talk to, and she seemed to understand everything. Most importantly, she was there in my most desperate time of need; the breakup with my fiancée. 

We talked quite a bit on love and loss, sometimes tending to spend a lot of time on love. I just needed her support, and she was always there when I needed her. As we grew closer, we felt the urge to finally meet each other.

The urge was all but weak and I made plans to fly to New Jersey for a week. Little did we know, but this would be the week that would change our lives forever. 

Jodi was an extremely sweet and caring person. Her whole attitude towards everything seemed to always make me smile, whether I felt like it or not. She was 22 at the time, and I found her quite attractive. Her almost black hair just barely touched her shoulders, and one could get lost looking into her eyes. 

I stepped off of the plane and instantly recognized her from a photo that she had sent through email. She wore a black skirt with heels and a white button-down blouse. It was all we could do to just embrace. The feeling of embracing someone again was amazing, and it never occurred to me just how much my life lacked in that aspect. 

The ride to her place took no time at all. We talked about all that we would do that week, where all the good places are to eat, and the fact that we had been so lonely. I was 19 then, so we could go out drinking, but I would have to stick with Coke. She had a small but cute apartment that she rented alone. It was a one bedroom, but the sleeping arrangements were with her on the bed, and me on the couch. 

We didn't feel like going out that night, so we figured Chinese take-out would do. We were lost in conversation for hours it seemed. I think we covered just about everything that had ever happened in our lives on that couch. We talked about sex and what we liked and disliked, though she seemed a little shy. I finally got the nerve to kiss her on the cheek...the rest is history. 

"Oh, I wasn't expecting that," she blushed. 

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't..." I started but was interrupted by the softness of

of her lips pressing against mine. 

Our tongues met for the first time. We embraced tightly as our tongues whispered our innermost feelings. She ran her fingers through my hair as I gently squeezed her thighs. I looked into her eyes. 

"I really want this," I said almost out of breath from the kiss. 

"I want this more than anything," she replied. 

Holding my hand, she lead me to her room. She closed the door and pushed me up against it. She pressed her body into mine as we kissed, our tongues once again exploring each other's mouth. She took a couple steps backward and slowly unbuttoned her blouse. She let it fall to the floor, revealing a sheer white bra that covered her rather ample breasts. She reached behind to unzip her skirt, not once taking her eyes off of mine. 

She unzipped her skirt and it slid to the floor as she stepped out of it. She stood there in her bra and modest but sexy panties. Her heels echoed in the room as she walked up to me. We kissed while she started to unbutton my shirt. She pulled my shirt off and kissed my bare chest, making tiny circles around my nipples. 

Her hands slowly unbuttoned my pants, letting them drop to the floor. My boxers were already bulging, but she paid no attention as she took my hand and lead me to the four post bed, forcefully pushing me onto it. She reached under the bed for a box and emptied the contents next to me. 

"I bought some toys on my way to the airport," she said with smile on her face. She straddled me and my mind flowed with curiosity as she pulled out a rope and tied my hands to one of the posts. 

"Is that really necessary?" I asked with a slight smile. 

She responded with a lighting of a candle and setting it on the nightstand. The thick scent of vanilla filled the room as the flame danced on our almost naked bodies. She squirted strawberry flavored body oil onto my chest and slid my boxers to my ankles. Her hands reached behind her as she unhooked her bra, letting her breasts fall loose. 

She gazed into my eyes as she licked from my stomach to my nipples, lightly sucking on each one. Her breasts pressed into my chest as she grinded her body into mine. She sat up again, still straddling me. I could see the oil glistening on her stomach, her breasts. Her nipples, erect with excitement, jutted out from her breasts. 

She slid down until her head was directly between my legs. Her warm breath made my body stir with anticipation as she held my now hard cock only inches from her mouth. She looked into my eyes as she took the head into her awaiting mouth, slowly bringing it out, and then in again. I could feel her tongue on the underside of the head. She sucked harder now as she stroked my shaft. She took me out of her mouth and reached to untie the rope that held my hands. 

"I want to feel your tongue," she said as she tossed the rope to the floor. 

I kissed her lips while gently massaging her breasts. I then sat on my knees between her legs. I took off her shoes and kissed her ankles, working my way to her thighs. My tongue slid across the smooth skin of her inner thigh. I could feel the warmth rising from her insides as my face crept closer and closer to her velvet. 

I licked the crease between her thigh and her warmth, and kissed her through her panties. I could taste the wetness on my tongue. I slide her panties to her ankles, tossing them on the bed. Her mound was neatly trimmed, her lips moist and full. 

My mouth was now inches from her depths, my nose taking in the deeply sweet aroma that she emitted. I kissed her moist lips, slightly sucking on them. 

The taste made my body burn with desire. 

My tongue explored her sweet tenderness. I circled my tongue around her clit, then over it, and around her clit again. I continued this as her body began to quake with orgasm. Her back arched as the orgasm surged through her body. 

I brought my lips to hers as our naked bodies met for the first time. I slid into her saturated body, thrusting every inch into her. Our bodies grinded and our tongues danced around each other's as we held to one another tightly. Her muscles clenched my shaft as I massaged her insides. 

Our bodies tensed as our orgasms erupted, losing ourselves in one another. 

She fell asleep with her head on my chest as I laid there. I couldn't help but feel the feeling of emptiness as it lifted from my shoulders, dissipating into the air. I would never be alone again.