 I lock the door to my car as I walk through the parking lot into the mall, eager to get out of the summer heat. My sandals flapping lazily as I stroll into the mall, matching my pace to the automatic doors. I take a look around as I march on towards my destination, surprised that the halls are more vacant than usual but then again it is still rather early.

I check my cell phone as I step onto the escalator, texting as the stairs beginning their slow climb. I never noticed you a couple of steps ahead of me in your skirt and tank top, carrying your purse in one arm, just two steps above me. I pocket my cell phone and you catch my attention with a gasp. You falter slightly, your free hand reaching out to steady yourself on the railing, as you let out a breathy gasp. I watch you curiously, wondering if you are in pain before I catch the faint, sweet, smell that causes my blood to rush. I look down, trying to imagine what is under your skirt as we near the top. The perfume of your wet pussy teasing my nose, making me wonder what you have hidden between your legs.

I follow you slowly, watching you walk into a Hollister store. I enter behind you, the dim lights and air conditioning a welcome change in atmosphere. I follow you into the maze of clothing racks, glancing about to see who is all in the store with us. I only spy two bored employees and another shopper moving towards the men's section. 

I walk past you, bumping into you. My hand against your tight ass, lower than it should be as I press up against our skirt, listening and watching your reaction. Smiling as I watch you gasp, biting your lip gently. I stand close behind you. My hand on your hip, my voice deep and quite as I apologize softly in your ear. Begging your forgiveness for startling you like that, while you feel my finger tips leave your hip and slide down to push against your ass again. Pushing your butt plug farther inside as you feel my presence against you.

"It looks like you can't hold on much longer can you?" I whisper in your ear as you glance up. Look ahead of you, my body blocking my hand as it pushes your plug in and out through your skirt. You glance over at a mom walking through our section, looking at cloths while you try to stifle a moan. Watching her walk closer, as I lift the back of your skirt up. The air conditioning playing across your bare tight ass as she smiles at you, my fingers grasping the plug, moving it in and out even more.

"You didn't answer my question, so I will have to see for myself" I groan into your ear again, pushing the plug in deep as you moan out. A little louder than you should have, the mom glancing at you with a funny expression on her face. You feel your cheeks redden as I push a tank top into your arms, telling you to go try it on.

Your bare pussy lips dripping as you walk towards the dressing room. Your mind in a daze as you are shown to the room in the back, pussy lips quivering as all you can think about is a release. Trying to fight it as you hang the top up, your forehead against the wall. Your breathing shallow and far as you reach under your skirt, tugging on the string peaking out as you slowly start to pull your new toy outside of your soaked little pussy.

You feel a hand on your wrist, and my voice in your ear as I stop you. You new toy half way out as I offer to help. You feel my fingers inch closer, my body pressing against your back, and my hardness throbbing against your tight ass; grinding against your plug. 

"You have to be quite, more people came in since you walked back here. You can do that can't you" I ask, and you respond back to me as my fingers hook around the soaked string, pulling SLOWLY downward. You feel your wet new toy slowly leaving, my other arm wrapping around you holding you close to me as your body shudders. The two balls about to pop out, as my warm hand closes on your neck. Squeezing gently but firmly. Just enough so you know you are mine as the first ball pops out. I hold you firmly, as you are pushed to the edge. Trying to focus as I kiss your neck, the other ball slowly slipping closer.

"Do not cum" I whisper in your ear as you feel the second ball about to slip out. My hand squeezing a little more, as you gasp your response and feel the ball slip out of you. Your knees weak as you lean against my strong arms, my throbbing hardness against your plug, grinding as you try to keep from going over the edge.

"Such a good girl" I groan in your ear, feeling me pull away slightly. Catching your breath as you lean forward against the dressing room wall, hearing the metallic clink of my belt being undone. I gently push you forward a step closer, as you feel the back of your skirt sliding up. Your legs parting as the tip of my hard cock slips between your smooth wet pussy lips. 

I push forward, the head grinding against your clit, your plug going in farther at the same time. I lift one leg up onto the only bench in the fitting room. You feel my hands on your hips. One leaving one side briefly as the head of my cock presses against your opening. Both hands on your hips, trying to remember what my face looked like. Realizing what I am about to do while I slowly push inside. 

Slowly sinking inch after inch into you, stretching you around my hard throbbing cock. Nearly completely inside you when you hear a sharp knock on the changing room door.

"Did that top fit for you alright?" the changing room attendant asks. Your cheek nearly against the wall as you try to accommodate the last inch of my cock, filled completely. 

"Answer her" I breath quietly into your ear, handing you the tank top. I slide out slowly, leaving just the tip in as you respond, tossing the shirt over the top of the changing room door for her to grab. She starts to pull the shirt down as you finish talking to her, my cock pushing back in mid sentence. My hands on your hips squeezing, as I thrust deeply into you. 

I take you up against the wall, right there in the changing room as the attendant goes in search of another shirt for you. Each thrust pushes the plug in deeper, as I rock back and forth, long deep thrusts. I keep one hand on your hip under your skirt. My other hand slides around across your chest, pulling you back against me as I drive upwards; filling you. I squeeze your neck again, whispering in your ear that I am going to let you cum very soon.

My deep voice groaning in your ear, as I push faster and harder into you. Feeling every gasp and stifled moan against my finger tips as I hold you close. Nothing too hard or rough, just firm. Firm enough for you to know that you belong to me right now. 

The attendant shows someone else to a different changing room. You hear them talking just next door, and feel the hand on your hip tighten its grip. I pull you back towards me harder, thrusting into you faster and deeper. My breather hot and quick in your ear. "Don't cum yet" I moan louder than before in your ear. "Not until you get your new shirt"

I smile as I lean back, watching you struggle to keep control. Knowing that there is another woman in the very next changing room, who has no idea you are being fucked by a complete stranger right next to her. I push hard and deeper into you, my pace quickening. My hot breath against your neck as you gently bump against the wall with each deep thrust.

"How is this one?" The attendance voice cuts through the fog of our lust unexpectantly. My bare cock buried completely inside you, as my hand slides from your neck down to pinch a nipple gently. You turn to look at it, my lips on the opposite side of your neck, kissing quietly.

You give your response. As you open your mouth, you already feel my hand leave your hip to push against your bare clit. After the second word out of your mouth both of my fingers pinch gently, one on your exposed clit and the other on your covered nipple. I pull gently, teasingly as you feel my cock throbbing deep inside you as she leaves.

"Almost" I whisper in your ear. My hands returning to your hips as I take you again. I groan louder than before, more urgently as I take you.

"Oh fuck, I don't care anymore" I groan out a little too loudly. You realize what I mean as I take you hard and fast, squeezing your tight ass as I drive as deep into you as I can. You steady yourself with one hand on the wall, my thick bare cock completely inside of you, as you completely loose control.

The woman next to us asking if you are ok as you cum hard on my cock. "Oh God!" I groan in your ear, holding you against me as I thrust hard and deep into you. Pushing deeper than I have gone before as you feel me completely tense up. Realizing I don't have a condom on as my body shudders and my thick cock explodes inside of you. My hot wet cum shooting deep inside you, wave after wave. Keeping my cock buried inside you, pushing the plug in deeper, as I pump every last drop inside you.

We catch our breath for a second as you feel me slowly slip out. Leaving you empty. The shirt pulled from the door where the attendant left it, as I place it on the floor between your legs. I lift my shorts up from the ground, listening to you come down from your orgasm, my cum dripping out of you, running down your legs and dripping onto the shirt. 

You push your skirt down, stashing your new beaded toy in your purse as you hear the door to the changing room close behind me as I leave first.