 We had been walking for quite some time. It was perfect weather for a long hike in the woods, so we started out, chatting amiably, setting a steady pace. We decided to wander away from the set course and try our luck deeper in. You offered me your hand, and as I took it, I felt a charge run through my body...the kind that gives you a pleasurable rush in all the best places. We locked eyes for a moment, and I know you felt it too.

Giving your hand a little tug, I lead you even farther from the path. My desire to fuck you has been gnawing at me all day. After almost dragging you through the woods, we found a grassy spot, perfect for a break from the walk.

I leaned against a tree and gave you a knowing smirk, while pulling you towards me. 

"Kiss me," I murmured in your ear. 

You obliged, and as our lips met I felt my body respond with an aching need. It's amazing what kissing you does to me. My slick, wet pussy began to pulse, craving to be filled. 

As our making out grew more intense, our hands started exploring each other. I wrapped a leg around you and felt your hand grip my ass and started to nibble and suck your ear. 

"I want you," I whispered heatedly. 

You lay down in the grass and I straddled you, feeling your hardness through your jeans. I'm sure you could feel the heat emanating from my pussy. I pulled you up to kiss you, peeled you out of that shirt, and nibbled your neck. You peeled my out of my shirt in return and started squeezing my tits gently. My nipples stiffened quickly under your expert hands and my clit started throbbing like crazy. 

I unbuttoned your jeans and pulled them off, along with those gray boxers which had a wet spot from precum. I gave the tip of your cock a few slow licks before sucking it into my mouth while grasping the base. I gave your balls a few licks too, then back up to take you in deep. My warm, wet lips rolled wetly up and down your cock as my tongue massaged the underside. 

My pussy was on fire so I shed my own jeans and moved into a 69. I left on my black sheer panties so you could tease me through the fabric. I moaned around your cock as I felt your skilled tongue teasing my clit, delighted and frustrated at the light barrier the panties made. Between your tongue and my wetness, those panties were soaked. 

You decided I'd had enough torture and moved my panties aside, causing me to gasp with pleasure as your tongue met my pussy. You added two fingers inside me and it was almost more than I could stand. The pleasure of both your cock in my mouth and your tongue and fingers in my pussy drove me crazy, causing my first orgasm to rip through me. My hot juices coated your face and hand. 

I desperately needed that cock inside me. I flipped around and straddled you, pulling you up into a tight embrace, sliding you in my wet, hungry pussy. It felt fantastic entering me. I looked into your eyes and sucked my juices off one of your fingers and fed you the other.

We rocked slowly, moaning as we felt every inch slide in and out of me. I rested my head on your shoulder so I could kiss and suck your earlobe. 

"Fuck me. I need your cock so bad," I whispered into your ear, that urgent lust taking over me again.

Ever the gentleman, you obliged by putting me on my knees and sinking your cock back into my wet waiting pussy. The time for slow was over. I needed a hard pounding. I arched my back to meet you as you drove into me, harder and harder. I felt your balls slapping my clit, triggering another orgasm. 

"Pull my hair," I begged as you fucked me from behind. 

I felt my head stretch back as you grabbed a handful of hair, continuing to fuck me hard. Oh fuck yes, just what I needed. I felt one orgasm roll into another, with my wetness running down my inner thighs, my pussy rippling over that cock.

I wanted your cum in me. I started squeezing my pussy muscles to draw more pleasure out of you. I felt your fingers dig harder into my hips and knew you were close. 

I fucked back against you harder, screaming, "please...fucking cum in me!" 

I heard you groan and came again myself as I felt you shoot my pussy full of your hot cum. Yes baby. That was just what I needed.

We collapsed on the grass, spent and happy, kissing lightly in each others arms.