 I awaken the next morning to the smell of freshly brewed coffee and a pang of guilt, I look at the space next to me in the bed which is empty. I sigh with relief, relief that is short lived as I turn my head towards the door. Scott is standing in the doorway wearing those pj bottoms and no shirt, holding two mugs of coffee. 

"Good morning!" He says brightly as he walks toward me and hands me one of the mugs of coffee. I start to panic, heavy breathing. "Calm down. The kids are still asleep and I've cleaned up the kitchen, there's no evidence of last night." I let out the breath I didn't realise I'd been holding. 

I take a sip of my coffee, it's perfect as usual. He often makes me coffee and it's always made to my taste, his wife frowns upon it but he still does it anyway. I take another sip before putting down my coffee and getting out of bed, I realise very quickly that I'm naked and pull the covers over me. 

"There's no need for modesty Sam, I explored every inch of you last night." Scott says, I blush and jump out of bed heading to the bathroom. He slaps me on the butt as I pass, making me yelp. He grabs my wrist and pulls me to him, wrapping his arms around me and pulling me close to him. I take a deep breath, inhaling this scent which is part Hugo Boss but mostly just his natural sexiness. "Any regrets?" He asks. 

"Honestly...? At this moment, in your arms, no. But the guilt is going to eat me up inside." I confess. He hugs me tighter and kisses me on the top of my head. "You?"

"I don't regret a single moment" I look up and him sceptically. "I mean it!" He insists. "There wasn't a second where I wasn't all in. I've wanted it for so long, it's what we both wanted." I nod in agreement. "Sam..." He takes a breath. "Now it happened, I don't want to lose what we have... but I want to do that again and again." 

"What?!" I exclaim. 

"There's no way I'm letting you get away now, I want to do it all the time." 

"We can't!" I pull away and run into the bathroom, locking the door behind me. I fall back against it, closing my eyes and cursing myself for what I've done. I've become a home wrecker! I walk to the shower and turn on the water, stepping into it and dropping to the floor. I pull my legs up to my chest and let the tears out, they're tears of anger at myself for being so weak. 

Scott manages to get the door open and steps into the shower, pulling me to my feet and into his arms. I sob against his chest, he doesn't speak, he just lets me cry. 

Once I'm all cried out I have my shower, Scott washes my hair for me. A very sensual and romantic act, the need for another round building inside me but I refuse to give in to my animalistic wants because I have to prepare breakfast for the kids. I wonder how I'm going to face them, after everything that happened between their father and me. I push the guilt aside and step out of the shower to get dressed, Scott finishing in the shower by himself. 

I decide on skinny fit jeans and a long t shirt, nothing fancy, I don't want anyone to get the impression that I'm trying to entice Scott in any way. I head into the kitchen to start on breakfast. I also don't want the kids to think something is up so I don't make anything that is different than what I usually make. 

The kids have healthy breakfasts during the week, usually fresh fruit or oatmeal depending on the time of year. At the weekends they get less healthy and more fancy breakfasts, the bigger of which is usually on Sunday. So today I'm making pancakes with fresh fruit and syrup, nothing too special. 

After cutting up all the fruit and preparing the pancake batter I head upstairs to wake the kids up. Alex is already awake, playing with his cars around his bedroom floor. I get his clothes ready and he starts getting dressed. I leave his room and head to Amelia's room, she, as usual is still asleep and harder to get up. Her clothes are already laid out so I leave her to get dressed and make my way back down to the kitchen. 

Alex is already there, sitting at the table waiting for his breakfast. I smile as I head over to the stove to begin making the pancakes. 

"Papa is home..." Alex says out of nowhere. I stop and begin to panic. "He's not in the bedroom though, I checked when I saw his car in the driveway" I begin shaking with panic. 

"No bud" Scott says as he enters the kitchen. "I got home pretty late last night and I slept in my study so I didn't wake anyone" he continues. 

"Papa!!" Alex cries and jumps off the chair and runs toward his father, who scoops him up into a bear hug. "We missed you all week! Didn't we Sam?" Alex looks at me, waiting for my answer. 

"Yes sweetie we missed Papa" I walk over to them. "Now Alex, please sit at the table. Your breakfast is almost ready and your father has had a long week, I'm sure he needs time to get back to himself." Alex nods and jumps down out of Scott's arms and sits back at the table. 

At that moment Amelia walks into the kitchen. "Daddy!" She cries and runs to him, jumping into his arms. 

"There's my sugar plum." Scott says as he hugs her. 

"I missed you so much daddy!" She says and snuggles into him. I smile at the sight, wishing I had that kind of relationship with my father but I didn't. 

My father wasn't anything like Scott, my father was hard and stern and had many rules. If you didn't follow the rules, you would be punished. I remember one time when I was seven and I got whipped with a bamboo cane because I ate a piece of candy before dinner. Or another time where my mother hadn't finished preparing dinner on time and he took it out on my sister.

My father wasn't affectionate in the slightest, towards me and my sister or my mother. That's why it breaks my heart to see Mrs Williams act the same way with her children and husband. 

I finish preparing breakfast and place the plates in front of the kids, who immediately begin devouring it. I place Scott's plate in front of him and he smiles at me, I return his smile and sit down to eat mine. Amelia looks at us, one at a time and furrows her eyebrows. I pretend not to notice and begin eating my food. I've just finished the second bite when the telephone rings, Scott puts his fork down but I jump up and grab the phone before he has left his seat. 

"Hello?" 

"Hey Sam, it's Mrs Randolph, Maria's mother." The voice on the other end says. 

"Oh, good morning Mrs Randolph. What can I do for you?" I reply. Amelia's head shoots up and her face changes, she looks upset. 

"I was just letting you know that plans have changed. The party has been moved up to twelve noon, Maria wants to go see a movie afterwards so we've moved the party up." The voice says. 

"That's not a problem Mrs Randolph, Alex has a play date that starts at eleven so I can drop Amelia off afterwards. Is it okay if I drop her to you? That way she doesn't have to carry her bag around all day." 

"Yes that's fine. Can we say around eleven-thirty?" 

"That's perfect. See you then."

"Thank you" She says before hanging up. 

I turn to Amelia who is holding her breath and explain the situation. She gets very excited and begins bouncing in her seat. 

"Mia... stop bouncing you are eating." Scott says, she looks at him and grins. 

"Yes Daddy" and continues eating her breakfast. Once the kids are finished I send them to their rooms to get their things ready while I clean up. Scott heads to his study to do something for work. 

At ten forty-five the kids are in the car and ready to go. The drive to Alex's play date only takes a few minutes as his friend only lives five blocks away. Amelia's friend on the other hand lives a twenty minute drive, in the opposite direction. We make it there with five minutes to spare, Amelia is very excited so she's bouncing around in her seat. We exit the car and walk to the door, she's jumping and skipping along. I drop her off with Mrs Randolph and get back in the car, driving back to the Williams house. My mind working overtime. 

I can't believe that Scott and I had sex! I mean yes I've always found him attractive and yes it had been a long time since I'd been with anyone but, he's married! And I look after his children! And his wife... well we're civil and all but she's not someone who I wish that on. 

I make it back within fifteen minutes but I sit in the car for a few minutes contemplating what to say when I go inside. I come up with nothing and decide to just go in and start on my chores, avoiding the subject completely. 

I get out of the car and go inside, locking the door behind me. Scott is vacuuming. He looks up at me and we lock eyes, I smile and run toward the laundry room deciding to just get on with it. I put the load of laundry in the machine and turn it on, when I turn to face the door he's standing in the doorway. Hunger in his eyes. I turn again and walk out the door on the other side of the room, he follows me. I walk a little faster to put some distance between us but his strides are bigger than mine and he catches up to me in the den.

He grabs my wrist and spins me around to face him. "We can't!" I insist. 

"I want you!" He says before his mouth comes crashing down onto mine, kissing me with raw passion. I manage to resist... for about five seconds before kissing him back. The animalistic need in me taking over as my arms go around his neck, one hand on the back of his head pulling him as close as possible. I've never felt hunger for a man like this in my life! Yes I've wanted someone badly but I've never been this thirsty. It's like he's giving me life by kissing me, kissing all the hurt and sadness away and leaving me a dripping mess. 

His hands reach for the hem of my shirt and begin pulling it up, breaking the kiss momentarily to remove it. I reach for his shirt but he pulls it off himself before growling and taking my mouth with his again. My hands fumble with the button of his jeans but I manage to get them open. I break the kiss and smile at him before kneeling in front of him and pulling his jeans down. His thick cock standing to attention before me, I lick my lips and look up into his eyes before flicking my tongue over the swollen head. He shudders, letting out a moan. 

His noises spur me on and I lick the underside of his cock, all the way down to his balls and back up again. I repeat this a few times before licking my lips again, I can see the anticipation in his eyes as I tease him. I open my mouth but I don't take his cock, my lips capture one of his balls. 

"Holy shit!" He yells as I suck on it, flicking my tongue as I suck. "Sam... oh my... fuck!" He groans. I stop sucking and take his rigid cock in my mouth. He growls as I take it as deep as I can, coating his cock in saliva. I wrap my hand around his cock and suck on the tip, stroking up and down as my tongue flicks the tip over and over. "Best... mouth... ever!" He shouts as his hand grips the back of my head, pushing me down on his cock. I gag slightly but I love it! He grabs me by my hair and pulls me off him, bending down to kiss me before standing me up and spinning me around. Bending me over the back of the couch and pulling my jeans down, he kneels down and spreads my legs. He kisses my outer pussy lips making me shudder and moan. His hands caress my ass as he continues to make out with my pussy, I ooh and aah as his lips and tongue touch me. He raises both hands and slaps both my ass cheeks at the same time. 

"Oh fuck yes!" I scream as he spanks me while eating my pussy with passion. His tongue runs up and down my wet slit, bringing me closer and closer to my orgasm. I feel that familiar tingle and reach back to grab his head, as my hips grind on his face, chasing my orgasm. "I'm coming!" I scream as it hits me, he shoves his tongue inside me as I cum, my pussy spasming around it. I shake all over as I ride the wave of my orgasm, my breathing growing heavy and shaky. He plants one last kiss on my pussy then stands, stepping closer to me and running his hard cock up and down my wetness. 

He leans over me and whispers in my ear, "mine" before sinking balls deep into me in one movement. I scream in pleasure as he begins moving in and out of me, gripping onto my hips as his cock impales me over and over. "Yes! Fuck me!" I moan, he brings one hand up and slaps my ass one, two, three times as he fucks me. I moan and groan as his cock takes me to a place I've only read about in tacky romance novels. 

His thrusts become more urgent as he continues to plow my dripping pussy. "Sam..." he moans. "My good girl... my baby doll... my princess!" I oooh and aaah my appreciation of his words and his cock rubbing my insides, giving me the pleasure I desperately need. His words change tone and I know his orgasm is close. "I'm gonna fill your cunt with my seed princess... make you mine forever!" He grunts and grabs a handful of my hair. 

My climax hits out of nowhere, I scream and shake as my pussy clings on to his hard cock and spasms around it. His hits seconds later, the spasms milking every drop out of him. He collapses against me as his orgasm ends, his arms around me holding me close. He kisses my back then pulls out of me, I drop to my knees and clean his cock with my mouth. 

"Mmmmm baby, that was even better than last night!" He exclaims and drops to the floor beside me. He pulls me close and wraps his arms around me, I snuggle into him and close my eyes. "You didn't react to what I said" he says, I look up at him. 

"People say things in the throes of orgasm..." I reply and snuggle again. 

"No Sam... I meant what I said" my breath catches in my throat. 

"Huh?" I pull away and face him. 

"I don't know when it happened, maybe it's the way you take care of my kids or maybe it's the way you look at me... but I know I've felt it for a long time." 

I look at him, confused. "What are you talking about?" 

"The moment I fell in love with you." He says, his eyes sparkling. My eyes widen and my mouth opens in shock at his admission. "I didn't mean to but I did. Now I don't know what to do" 

"So you're telling me... that you're in love with me? But I'm your employee!" 

"You've never been just an employee to me Sam and you know that... you've always been family. You're warm, kind, sincere and I trust you more than anyone else. I didn't realise until today that you're the one I want to be with, who I want to make my family with." 

I don't speak, my breath shallow and shaky. A single tear falls down my cheek, his hand reaches out to wipe it away. I look down at the floor and take a deep breath before replying, my reply just a whisper. "I love you too" 

END OF PART TWO