  Four part story written by request, storyline is the requestor's, the writing errors are mine. I will submit the chapters every two days or so.

*

Wednesday night before Thanksgiving, 2010

"Your family wants me to do what?!?!" I said this in a harsh whisper to my fiancé. We were in her bedroom at her family home on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving, having gone there for the weekend. What she had just told me was shocking. I couldn't believe my ears and she was sitting there looking shocked and stunned herself, tears forming in her eyes. I started pacing and thinking about what I should say. But first, let me tell you how we got to this point.

Fall, 2009 I met my fiancé the year after we both graduated from college. We were working at the same company, both at the entry level, her in the Human Resources department and me as a database administrator. I was trying to get up to speed on everything and had not had much time to get out and enjoy myself except for the occasional weekend. I now found myself not going out at all during the week, trying to ensure I made a good impression for my initial review and to make sure I learned all that I could. I would only go out on Friday and Saturday nights.

One Friday as the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays approached, some of the folks from the company went to a happy hour. There were many people there and I noticed Gwen right away. She was a little reticent to get caught up in the unbridled joy (or stupidity depending on your point of view) that some people were exhibiting. She was smiling and laughing, but seemed a little reserved. She was blonde, very pale, and had a tiny bone structure. She looked to be no taller than about 5'2", but I couldn't tell for sure. I went over to the table where she was sitting and said hello to one of the guys that was there that I already knew. I was hoping for, and received, an introduction to her. I noticed that her eyes were a little green, but seemed to run toward hazel. They also captivated me and I caught myself staring at her a few times. 

Soon it was approaching 8pm and we had been there since about 5:30, so I decided to go to the restaurant next door and get some dinner. I told my friend this and then looked at Gwen. I was never very aggressive with my approach to women and was a little shy about asking, but somehow I managed to ask her if she wanted to join me. She looked down at her drink and then over at her friends who were, in my mind, making fools of themselves in front of some of the company managers. She looked at me and smiled. She agreed and I was inwardly thankful that I had gotten up the nerve.

When she stood, I got a better look at her. She was maybe 5'4" and 110 lbs. She looked to be athletic and in good condition. She moved like an athlete and since I played baseball in college, I figured she might have played some sport, too. She was wearing nice jeans that accentuated her slender stature and tight butt.

When we got to the restaurant, it was an Indian one. I loved Indian food and apparently she did too.

Since I had just met her, I didn't know where she worked yet. "So, where are you working?"

"Human Resources. What about you?"

"I'm working as a database administrator on one of the projects we have with the government."

She looked at me with eyes that seemed to bore into me, even though it was just innocent conversation. "How long have you worked here?"

"30th of June this year. Just graduated in May."

She smiled. "Me, too. I started work 15 July. I was afraid I wouldn't get any work for a while there. It was tough finding that first job."

"Yeah, I know what you mean. Fortunately, I had a friend who pushed my resume to some folks. I was lucky."

We ate and discussed how things were and found that we were living in apartment complexes only a couple of miles apart. I felt at ease with her. By the end of the night, we had both sobered up enough to drive home, but I offered to give her a lift, just to be a gentleman. She accepted. When we got to the restaurant door, I opened it for her and she smiled a little slyly at me. When we got to my car, I unlocked and opened her door for her. I took her hand and helped her into the car. I walked around and got in.

"So, are you always this nice or are you just hoping to get lucky?"

That took me by surprise. I had just met her and for someone who seemed a little shy at happy hour, she was showing herself to be pretty feisty.

I decided to flatter her and said with as much sincerity as I could. "Well, regardless of the status of the two of us, I was raised by my mother to treat a woman like a lady until she proves that she's not. As for getting lucky -- I already did. I had a great dinner with a beautiful young woman. That's pretty lucky."

She watched me carefully and grinned. "Very smooth; flattery and manners. Putting on the full court press, are we?"

Ah, a smartass! "What? I can't actually have an enjoyable dinner with a woman and then offer to drive her home just out of the goodness of my heart?"

She laughed, and I liked her laugh. "Now I know you're a wolf in sheep's clothing." She kept grinning at me. 

"Well, I didn't say I wouldn't like to be invited in, but that's not what I was betting on. I just wanted a chance to ask you out on a date."

"Okay... ask."

I did and she accepted. As I drove her home, I could see that she was tired. She started yawning as soon as we stopped talking for a moment.

She saw me looking at her yawning. "Oh, god. Sorry. It's not you. I really am tired."

"I understand. I feel the same way some weeks. I have no energy left if it's been a hellish week."

We arrived at her apartment and I pulled up outside. I got out and she had opened the door by the time I got around to it. "I can open and get out of the car by myself." She teasingly chastised me.

"I know, but I like doing it." I closed the door behind her and walked her up to her door. 

She got out her keys and turned to me. "Thank you for bringing me home. Call me next week when you decide when and where you want to go for our date." She grinned.

I smiled and looked at my watch. "Is it next week yet?"

She laughed. "Quit. Your flattery is nice, but a little disconcerting."

"Sorry. I don't mean to push."

Gwen leaned up and kissed me on the cheek. "Yes, you do. Well, thank you. I'll be waiting to hear from you next week, okay?"

"You bet." I smiled and headed back to my car. I was practically floating on air. It had been a very long time since I had felt so alive and wonderful in the presence of a young lady. Or was this the first time it had ever felt so good? I really couldn't remember ever feeling like this. I drove home and had no trouble sleeping. 

Over the next couple weeks we dated a little casually, nothing too formal. We were taking it slow, mostly because she wanted to. I wanted to take it slow for a while, but being around her was driving me nuts. She seemed to ooze some pheromone that was making me hornier than usual. She was also living alone in a nice apartment while I was living with a roommate. She must have come from money, but she never told me anything about her family or situation.

For Christmas, Gwen was going to be heading home to be with her family. She had finally told me some things about them. I had learned that her father had died last summer and her mother lived alone in a big house. Her two sisters were older than her and married. The oldest had two children and the younger one just one child. They were all going to be there for Christmas and I could tell she was looking forward to being with family. Just before she left, I took her to a very fancy, very upscale place. I told her to dress up and she didn't disappoint. 

When she opened the door all I could do is stare and say "Wow!"

She had appeared in a little black dress that definitely conformed to the adjective little. It was strapless and barely covered her probably B-cup breasts. It looked expensive, but I knew nothing of women's clothes. It hugged her curves thru her small waist and then over her nicely flared hips to show off that world class ass. I had found out that it was world class due to the fact that she had been a college soccer player. At that moment I thanked the gods for inventing soccer for women. She had to have the tightest and most well defined thighs and ass of any woman I had ever dated. Since the dress only came to about 4 inches below her ass, it showed off these assets wonderfully. All in all, I was looking at what I wanted for dinner.

She grinned and blushed. "Thank you, I think. You're looking at me like I'm dinner."

I gave her an evil grin. "And that would be bad... why?"

She punched me. "You are so bad."

"No, actually, I've been told I'm very good."

She smacked me again good-naturedly. "By whom?"

Whoops! Maybe I shouldn't have gone there. "Uh, by an old girlfriend."

"Yeah, I bet!" Fortunately, she was still grinning. She put her coat on and then put her arm thru mine. "So let's go to this fancy restaurant where you are taking me."

It was fancy and expensive, but very, very good. The food had delicious sauces and was presented in a way that definitely made it worth the money, even though it was more than I usually spent on any three meals. When we were done and were leaving she put her arm in mine again and thanked me for taking her there. We drove back to her place and since she was a fan of taking it slow, I had no expectations except for a little making out we had been doing. But she surprised me. After she invited me in, she sat me on the couch and asked me if I wanted something to drink. I asked for a beer and she retrieved it. Then she said she had to get out of that dress and get more comfortable so I sat on the couch sipping my beer. I looked around for the remote to her TV. I figured nothing was going to happen and we had watched movies there before, so I thought I would see what was on. In a couple of minutes I would completely forget about the TV. Gwen came back into the room behind me and cleared her throat. I turned to see why she was being coy when a vision appeared. She was standing there in a small, red, completely sheer, mid-thigh nightgown. I could see her beautiful little cupcake tits with their bright pink nipples standing up against the fabric. Her pussy was visible and shaved to a small landing strip. I had never even touched her erogenous zones flesh to flesh and here she was standing there like that.

She grinned and blushed, and her hands were fidgeting, trying not to cover up her delicious body. "I've never done this before, but I wanted to make the first move tonight." I could see her almost trembling. "What do you think?"

I got up. "I think you are the most beautiful thing I've ever seen in my life."

She blushed and looked down. "Please come with me. I can't wait any longer." She put out her hand and I took it, letting her lead me down the hall into the bedroom. Her hand was clammy and she was definitely nervous. I followed that delectable little ass, trying not to drool on my shirt.

When we got into the bedroom she sat on the bed. "I'm a little nervous. I've never initiated sex before."

I lifted her chin up to kiss her lightly on the lips. "But you're not a virgin, so what are you afraid of?"

She looked away briefly until I pulled her face back up to look at me. "I like you so much, that I don't want you to be disappointed."

I leaned over and kissed her again lightly. "I am not, nor will I ever be disappointed in you. You are a very gorgeous woman and this is the best Christmas present I've ever received."

I kissed her hard then and she tried to rise from the bed, but I pushed her back onto it. She was lying with her legs hanging off the bed and I lay partially on top of her as we kissed hard. It was so exhilarating to be there with her lying beneath me. My stomach was doing flip-flops and my dick was testing the strength of the zipper on my dress pants.

I finally stood back up and looked down at her. Her eyes were pleading me to hurry and I undressed in Olympic record time. She scooted back on her bed and I lay down next to her. I ran my hands up under her nightgown and over her tits, feeling the hardness of her nipples as I kissed her. My dick was throbbing against her thigh and she reached down and grabbed it. I moaned into her mouth.

She pulled back. "I think we've waited long enough, don't you?" She was running her hands up and down my dick and I was more than ready.

"Yes, absolutely."

"Then do it. No more foreplay. Please. Fuck me now."

She pointed over to her bedside table where she had placed a pack of condoms. I picked one up and had it on in record time.

I rose up on all fours and crawled over her as she spread her legs, letting me get on my knees between them. I reached down to find that she was definitely ready. Her pussy was wet and she moaned when I felt it. I lowered myself down on top of her and kissed her again. She groaned as my dick made contact with her pussy and shoved her hand down between us, searching for it. She gripped it and guided it to the molten center of her sex. She held it there and started moving her hips, indicating that I should enter her now. I started thrusting my hips a little at a time and my dick slowly entered her, picking up the moisture from her well lubricated pussy. I was finally buried completely in her, our pubic bones mashed together, still kissing her. She pulled away from my kissing and threw her head back. She moaned and looked into my eyes.

"God, I've wanted to do this for a while now."

I smiled. "All you had to do is ask. I'm a guy, I'm easy." I punctuated each sentence with a small thrust.

She grinned and started rotating her hips. "Yeah, I know. That's why women are the stronger sex, because we can control our urges."

"Yeah, yeah, but who gave in this time?" I grinned and started rotating and thrusting also. 

We were both so worked up it was inevitable that it would be fast. And it was. We were making love, and it was definitely that, for no more than 5 minutes before she erupted, taking me along. We just kissed and stared at each other, savoring the closeness and our first sexual act together.

Finally, she kissed me. "Okay, get up, I'm getting squashed."

I crawled off her and she looked down at her matted pubic hair. "Damn, I really needed that."

I lay next to her and agreed. I pulled off the condom and put it in the trash can she had next to the bed. "Me, too." She started to get up, but I put my arm across her and held her down. "Stay here for just a minute." She relented and I cuddled up to her side. I wanted to feel her skin, her breathing, be close to her for a few minutes. 

After a couple of minutes she leaned over and kissed me quickly. "I thought I was the one who was supposed to want to cuddle."

"Hey, men don't cuddle. We just put up with it for our ladies." I grinned as I ran my hands over her beautiful nipples.

"Yeah, right." She slapped my hand away. "And quit doing that or you'll get me all worked up again."

"And that would be a bad thing?"

She grinned and sat up, pushing my arm away. "No, but I want to freshen up a little." She teased me with that as she got up and purposefully over-wiggled her ass at me as she went into the bathroom.

I lay there, rolling onto my back. I was resting comfortably when she returned, thinking about going to sleep.

She crawled alongside me and snuggled up on my left side, putting her leg up over me. "You want to stay the night?"

"Absolutely."

"Okay, good. Let's get under the covers." 

We got comfortable and it was only about 10 minutes before I could hear her breathing deepen and lengthen, indicating sleep. I followed not long afterward.

Things progressed quickly from there. I found that while she was a little demure in public, she was, underneath it, a fiery, opinionated, outspoken woman -- and I was slowly falling in love with her. She told me one night in May that she was in love with me and watched me closely. I could feel her gaze as she carefully watched how I responded. I just smiled, stared back into those eyes, and told her I loved her, too. Apparently, I passed her test because she ripped my clothes off and had her way with me -- several times that night. It took a week to wipe the grin off my face.

By July, we had become a couple that people described with both our names. It was only a matter of time, in my mind, before we got engaged. I decided that the best time would be after she returned from her summer vacation with her family and me with mine, which made it Labor Day weekend. We were both going to see our families the last week of August, separately, and would be back for that weekend. I had a key to her place so I set it up in a manner that she would appreciate. We were both hopeless romantics and I knew she would really appreciate the effort.

She called my cell about an hour before she got back. "Hey, baby."

I loved the way she would start with that on our phone conversations. "Hello. Is that you Gwen?" I had to tease her at least a little.

"There'd better be nobody else calling my man up and saying 'Hey, baby'!"

"Well, there was that waitress over at Denny's."

I could almost hear her evil grin over the phone. "You mean that one that you were flirting with a few weeks ago, you asshole?"

"I'm completely innocent, baby. It was all her!" I put the emphasis on 'baby' so imitate her.

"Yeah, yeah. Anyway, enough kidding around. I'm going to be there in about an hour. Are you going to be at my place?"

"Already there."

"Really? Good. I have a problem that only you can take care of."

"And what would that be, my dear?" I tried to sound like an old English aristocrat, but my accent really sucks.

"There's something wrong with my panties."

"Something? And what would that be?"

"They haven't been ripped from my body by my macho boyfriend in almost 10 days!"

"Mmm. I can see how that might be a problem for you. I'm ready to solve that since you were kind enough not to ask for assistance from anyone else."

"I love you, John. I would never do that." She suddenly sounded serious.

"I know, Gwen. I love you and trust you. Just hurry home so that I can solve your little crisis."

"Be there very soon." She hung up quickly.

I had everything ready now. I waited by the front door, dressed in only the robe that she had given me. I already had a slight chubby just from thinking of feasting on her delectable body.

She pulled up and got out. She didn't even get her suitcase out of the trunk, just rushed up to the front door. Damn! She must really be horny.

I opened the door and she stopped. She took in the sight before her. I was dressed in a robe and holding two glasses of champagne. She smiled and stepped forward. Before she took the champagne, she reached up and pulled me down, kissing me hard, with lots of tongue. I held the two glasses out to the side to keep from spilling them. After the kiss, I handed one to her and backed up. She took a sip and then stepped into her apartment. She was standing on the hardwood landing and looking at the rose petals that were strewn across the floor in a trail leading directly to the hallway and then disappearing to the left. She grinned.

"Oooohh. I like this." She turned and kissed me again. She then took the liberty of reaching inside my robe to grab my now almost fully engorged cock. She stroked it. "Mmmm. I like this even more."

I grinned. "Follow the rose petals."

She turned and reluctantly let go of my manhood and turned to follow the petals. We followed them back down the hallway to her bedroom. When she opened the door she saw the dinner tray sitting on the bed. On it I had placed a small dish of caviar and around it some crackers, diced onion, a sliced hardboiled egg, and some capers.
