 Here I stand, in the middle of the pavement, strangers pushing me aside and calling me to move on, shoulders touching mine.

But I stand still, in my dark red summer dress that gets brushed by people's bags rushing by. 

I'm speechless, my throat dry, deaf to the city sounds, blind to anyone but the back of a tall, dark haired man that smoothly makes his way through the crowd.

Two days ago, I was half walking and half running down the street, being late for my five o'clock class. I teach Italian for a foreign languages school in town from businessmen to college students. It was a dream job, easy for me as I have an Italian mother and a degree in Italian Literature, plenty of time in between classes, flexible working days and hours and a decent income. 

But now I had made a bad decision not to take the bus and get some exercise walking to work. Obviously, I didn't calculate the distance correctly and I was running late to a class 

I shouldn't be running late again. I had another incident that kept me a quarter of an hour late last time with the same student and I was told by the school manager that my student had made an issue out of it so I had to be on time. Yeah, right, I was power walking now, luckily in my All Stars and my jean shorts, but still I would be at least five minutes late. I had to run, to speed it up. I made my way through people cursing me when, damn it, that sharp pain, I twisted my ankle. Fuck! 

I instantly felt sweat covering my whole body. On the edge of tears, I tried to get up but my foot refused to obey. I bit my lip hard to keep the cry inside; now I was hurting on my lips along with my ankle.

A slim yet strong hand got hold of my rapidly growing ankle. 

"Stay still. You'll feel pain but your ankle will be as good as new in a while."

Mmm, a deep voice and a masculine scent were transmitted from this dark haired man, who got a hold of my ankle and was pressing it with all his might. 

"I can't afford 'a while' here. I have to get up now. Oh!" A dull pain numbed me and cut my phrase in half. 

I turned my head and bumped into a stunning face framed by long, dark hair, a considerate look in his deep brown eyes and a tempting, sexy mouth. Pain and class were forgotten for a second, only to come back with more vigor the next one. 

"Oh!" I exclaimed. Fuck! I was on the edge of the road in a very compromising position, with a face distorted from pain, having a gorgeous man handling my leg. 

He cautiously stood me up, steadying me from my waist and shoulder, taking most of my weight on his hands so I could at least try to put my foot down. 

"Oh!" I repeated myself. 

It took him one motion to lift me off the street into his arms and ask me "Where to?"

My naturally talkative personality was replaced by a mute version. I opened my mouth but, as no sound came out, I raised a finger to point to the right direction. 

"It hurts that bad, ha?" He deducted from my no speak state. 

I nodded. Frankly, I would have nodded to anything he would have said.

The class was cancelled and I forced my professional self to care. In vain. I postponed 'the talk' with my boss and, having my hurt leg up, I asked my laughing savior "Coffee or tea? My treat with my deepest gratitude."

"A glass of beer somewhere near because, you know, as much as I'd love to be, I'm not a super hero!"

"You are the hero of the day for me" I promptly replied, finding my talking self again. 

So, leaning against him, we managed to reach the all day pub where I ungracefully dropped myself on a chair.

He was a charm. He focused on my stories, he chuckled at times, he tasted my tea and he touched my slightly swollen ankle just to make sure it would heal properly. 

He was an actor, having done some small jobs here and there, teaching acting in some schools and going to auditions whenever possible. 

He insisted on returning me home, again steadying me from the waist, with a more possessive grip I have to admit. 

My heart was pounding a little faster as I was unlocking the door and letting him in. 

As I tried to offer him beer, coffee, water or a homemade dinner, he held my waist, this time not intending to steady me but to force me on his body. I was shorter, with matching dark hair as his but a honey colored skin due to my Italian heritage. Oh, and an hourglass figure with curvy hips, full but toned thighs and a respectable cleavage size. 

His handsome face turned dark and intimidating. He grabbed my hair and pulled me to his desired height and kissed me hard. Hard as in biting my lower lip, as in not caring if I ever returned the kiss, as in smashing his mouth into mine. I needed a breath desperately. I tried to push his chest away; he broke the kiss just to give me the longed for breath but drew me even closer to him. I felt the tip of his erection just below the valley between my breasts. 

I was about to be taken quite hard by a handsome stranger and wasn't even asked. Did I care? Yes and no, but my body took over and voted no. I was embarrassingly wet and trembling in his arms.

He pinned me against the wall, holding me there with his leg while he got rid of his t shirt, revealing a mesmerizing tattoo that was running under his armpit all the way to his lower belly. I ran my finger over them, giving him the moments he needed to remove his shorts and make me aware of his nakedness. 

Being still pinned against the wall by a now naked man, I twisted my torso to find some space. He felt it.

"No, you're mine."

The way he said it gave me a thrill which translated into a painful twitch inside my pussy.

He ran one hand over my mound and pressed it tightly. Thunderbolts broke off inside it. Oh God, I gasped startled. Suddenly he ran his finger over my slit, gathering juices and teasing me to a breaking point. When he inserted two fingers at once in me, I started shaking; the invasion was unbearably pleasurable and his hand was still gripping me tight. My orgasm took over my body and it was so sudden and intense I couldn't even scream, I was there with my mouth open and no sound. He had a wonderfully arrogant grin on his face, as he leaned to my ear "I will make you totally mine."

He lifted me up in his arms and carried me to my bedroom; it wasn't difficult to guess which room that was. The moment he positioned me on the bed, he pushed my panties aside and entered me. If that wouldn't tear me in half, nothing would. And, God, he was set out to make me come again. Once he found a pace, he unbuttoned my shirt and opened it wide. My nipples were facing up, reaching for his attention. He chuckled and promptly took them in his mouth, sucking them hard. Yes, I was helpless at his will, at his hard cock and yes I'd come again on him. He felt me "That's a good girl. Come sweetheart, come for me," while he was still thrusting inside me, never stopping for me to cool off after my second orgasm. In fact, he went on harder, driving his member in a way that did exactly the opposite. Both of his hands grabbed my hips and lifted my waist up; now he was deeper in me, going harder and harder, never letting go. 

When he lowered his lips again to suck my nipples, I felt tension building once more. Rapidly. He twisted a lock of hair into his fist, came close to my mouth and warned me "We will come together now, honey girl. Together" and he let go of himself as I felt him grow even bigger. The rest were blurred since my third orgasm took hold of me and I was officially passed out. I mean, I didn't even have the luck to come every time I was with a man and now he had made me come three times in a row.

He held me tight, yes, this handsome, highly erotic, rough lover, held me tight.

He turned towards me, teasing my hurting nipples with his thumbs, and while stroking my hair, he whispered "Honey baby girl, I hope I wasn't too rough on you" and he kissed the tip of my nose. 

God, my knees got weak and I wasn't even standing up!

"Do you want me to stay, baby? Spend the night here, with you?"

Do I? I had a small piece of dignity left that prevented me from screaming 'yes'.

When I woke up, a little earlier than usual, I didn't find him in my bed and I didn't listen for any sound in my apartment. 

Before I had a serious case of broken heart, I saw a note on the sheets, right where he was supposed to be sleeping. 

I read hungrily "Sweet honey girl, I had an audition for a really big job. Can you meet me at the spot I found you yesterday, at noon? M."

My heart was beating as I was approaching the meeting point. My ankle was hurting also, keeping my heart good company. 

I had taken care of myself more today, a red, cute, mid thigh, summer dress, my All Stars, my hair divine smelling and my tanned skin glowing from all that lotion I've been rubbing. 

Ah, there he was, two more friends of his behind him, looking towards my spot, pointing at me and talking. 

I moved quickly towards him and I smiled shyly. 

Before I uttered 'hi', one of them asked " Is that her?" and my handsome friend nodded. 

Something seemed off. He approached me with a flat face, my smile frozen and then non-existent as he told me "Sorry, honey, your being here just landed me a big part. It was all an interesting audition. Take care."

Thus, me standing in the middle of the pavement.