 Scott has the biggest smile on his face, my admission making him happier than I've ever seen him. He reaches out with both hands and grabs both sides of my head, moving my face to his so he can kiss me. He lays me down and moves on top of me, kissing me tenderly. We make love again, on the floor of the den, it's sweet and tender which is something I've never had before. 

We both go our separate ways to clean up afterwards, after spending an hour kissing and cuddling once our lovemaking was over. I make sure to put the same clothes back on, so no one is suspicious and make my way to the laundry room. I walk past Scott's office and hear him talking on the phone. His voice sends butterflies to my stomach as I remember our tryst in the den. 

I step into the laundry room and move the clothes from the washer to the dryer and start the machine. 

The rest of Saturday passes in a blur and I don't see Scott for the remainder of the day. I pick Alex up from his play date at 5pm and head home. 

"Did you have a good day?" I ask. 

"Today was awesome! We played soldier in the yard for a while, I was the captain and my team won!" Alex says excitedly. Before I can respond he continues. "We played Star Wars on the PlayStation too, it was so much fun! 

"Wow! Sounds amazing! What do you want for dinner tonight?" I managed to say finally. 

"Can we have takeout?" Alex asks sheepishly. 

"Sure, what do you feel like?" 

"Pizza...!" He replies with a grin. 

Once home Alex sits in the den while I knock on the door to Scott's office. "Yes?" I hear and open the door. 

"Mr Williams, Alex wants to order pizza for dinner. What would you like?" I ask. 

He winks at me and mouths "You". I feel my face begin to flush. "Pepperoni is fine Sam, can you make sure to order some sides as well please?" 

I compose myself and return to the den to ask Alex what pizza he wants, then head to the kitchen to place the order. In the end I order three pizzas; a pepperoni, a meat feast and a Texas BBQ. Plus; garlic bread, fries, chicken wings, corn on the cob as sides and plenty of sauces. After ordering I text Amelia to ask how her sleepover is going, she texts back excitedly that the movie was awesome and they're about to have dinner. 

I sit in the den with Alex until dinner arrives, at which time Scott comes out of his study to join us. We sit and eat in the den, which never happens and watch a Marvel movie. Alex is over the moon that he gets to watch tv while eating. After dinner Scott goes back to his office while I clean up and get Alex bathed ready for bed. 

Alex lays his head on the pillow and I pull the covers over him when he turns to me and says, "I wish you were my Mom." 

I freeze, my eyes widening. "What do you mean Alex?" 

"Mom is never here, she never spends time with us. You do. You act like our Mom, and you love us more than she does" Alex continues. 

"Alex your Mom loves you very much, work is just very important..." 

He cuts me off "We're supposed to be important! Daddy is supposed to be important but Mom never cuddles or kisses Daddy. Jayden's Mommy and Daddy cuddle all the time!" I stay quiet because I don't know what to say, he sits up. "Atticus told me that his Mommy and Daddy broke up and got vorced when they stopped cuddling. If Mom and Daddy get vorced will you promise to stay and look after us?" 

"Yes sweetie, I will stay if anything happens okay?" He nods and wraps me in a hug before laying down and closing his eyes. I slip out of the room so he doesn't see the tears running down my face and almost walk right into Scott. He pulls me into a quick hug and tells me to wait for him in his study then goes into Alex's room to say goodnight. 

I walk into the study and sit on one of the tub chairs and wait, anxious what Scott is going to say about what just happened. My mind working a hundred miles an hour, terrified that I might end up unemployed. I wait for around ten minutes, making me feel really antsy. 

Scott finally comes into the room and sits behind his desk, "I'm sorry" I say, Scott looks at me not saying a word. I stand and walk over to his desk, my eyes to the floor. "I understand if you want me to pack my things and leave..." I don't have time to finish my sentence before Scott is on me. One hand on my waist the other on the back of my head as his mouth takes mine, he kisses me hungrily, pulling me close to him. 

"I don't want you to leave, ever!" He growls as he spins me around and sits me on the desk and continues kissing me, his hands exploring my body. My arms go around his neck as I kiss him back with as much passion as he kisses me. I feel a tingle down in my pussy as I get more and more turned on by the second. 

Scott removes my shirt as he continues kissing me, one hand on my back as the other reaches for the button on my jeans. I grab the hem of his t shirt and pull it over his head, before wrapping my arms around his strong back and kissing him with more hunger than I ever thought possible. 

Scott undoes my jeans and lifts me to my feet so he can remove them and my panties easier, we continue kissing as he sits me back on the desk and removes his own jeans, his hard cock standing to attention before me. I reach out for it but he moves back slightly and touches my pussy. 

"You're so ready for me" He says with hunger. I moan as his fingers expertly rub my clit, turning me on even more. He moves into position, his cock waiting at my soaked hole. He places both hands on my face, making me look him in the eye. "I love you" He moans and his cock spears into my wetness. 

I open my mouth to speak but he covers my mouth with his, kissing my words away until I melt into his touch. My legs wrap around his waist and he begins moving in and out of me. He breaks the kiss as his thrusts get harder, my head falls back and I let out a guttural groan. His cock massaging my insides, relieving the ache I feel for him. 

"This is what I want, you... always!" He moans as he fucks me harder and harder. My groans getting louder, pleasure building up inside me. He reaches between us to rub my throbbing clit, taking me closer and closer to the edge. 

"Scott... you're gonna make me cum" I moan, holding on to him like my life depended on it. 

"I never want to stop making you cum" he replies. I reach my peak and my orgasm hits, hard. I spasm as I let out an animalistic growl, my climax more intense than I've ever experienced in my life. Scott's follows seconds later, making him groan as he empties his balls inside me, coating my inner walls in his hot creamy cum. He collapses against me, we're both breathing hard while he holds me. He kisses me tenderly as he withdraws his cock from inside me. 

I attempt to sit up, locking eyes with Mrs Williams who is standing in the doorway. "Shit!" I yell and grab for my t shirt that is on the edge of the desk and covering myself. Scott spins around and mutters under his breath, bending down to retrieve his jeans.

Mrs Williams looks at us, "What is this?!" but there's something in her eyes, it's not shock... more like relief. "What is this?!" She repeats. "Is this seriously happening? For real?" 

I jump off the desk and quickly get dressed, red faced and embarrassed. I being talking fast "I'm so sorry Mrs Williams, this has never happened before this weekend. I'll collect my things and leave." 

"No!" Scott shouts and runs to my side. "Don't go anywhere, you know this is what we both want." I turn and walk towards the door. 

"Stop!" She says, I freeze and brace myself for a slap. She walks up to me and hugs me. I'm confused as hell and from the look on his face so is Scott. "I knew it would happen eventually" I pull back and look her in the eye, still making sure I'm braced for the slap I'm convinced is coming. "It makes things so much easier, especially since I now know that it's real"

"Liz what are you talking about?" Scott asks. 

"Sit down Scott, you too Sam. There's something we need to talk about." I hesitantly sit opposite Scott making sure to keep distance between us. "You both look so confused. I'd better explain this quickly." She looks at me. "You can sit next to Scott Sam, it's okay"

"No I can't!" I reply. "I'm a home wrecker!" Tears begin flowing down my face. "I'm so sorry!" 

"Sam... you're not a home wrecker. I engineered this whole thing" I look up, confused again. "I've seen the way you are with each other, Scott and I have never been like that and I know why" 

"What are you talking about?" Scott asks. 

"I'm gay Scott" Mrs Williams says, taking us both by surprise. My surprise is genuine but Scott's is more shock that she's admitted it. "I've known for a while but I tried to make it work for the kids but it's not working." She takes a breath. "I fell in love with Marcie, we work together, two years ago and I didn't know how to tell you but once I noticed the sparks between you two, I had to play matchmaker. To lessen the blow." 

"I knew" Scott says. Mrs Williams eyes widen. "I've know longer than you have Liz, it explains a lot" 

"There's more..." She continues and takes a deep breath. "I'm a Madame. I run a escort agency." The surprise on Scott's face this time is genuine. "Liv and I started the agency five years ago when I got laid off, I've never worked as an escort, I do the day to day running." Olivia (Liv) is Liz's best friend, they've known each other for close to thirty years. 

"You're a Madame? For high class escorts?" I enquire.

"Yes, The Gemstone Divas. You've probably seen our ads online or in certain magazines." She replies, then turns to Scott. "We should divorce, then you two can get married"

"Woah! Slow down!" I cry. "Bit soon to be talking about that isn't it?"

"I want to marry you Sam, I love you." Scott says walking over to me and taking my hand in his. "I want to build my family with you."

Elizabeth smiles and exclaims, "Thank god!" She pulls me up into another hug. "We're all so lucky that this worked out, if you two hadn't happened this whole thing wouldn't been so messy"

"I need to lie down" I say and exit the room, leaving them to discuss things. I go into my room and close the door, locking it behind me. I flop down on the bed and close my eyes, overwhelmed as sleep takes me before I can stop it.

I wake up at 7am Sunday morning and head straight for the shower. I stand under the hot water for a while before I actually start showering, going through every second of last night in my head in fine detail. Did it actually happen or was it a dream? I finish my shower and head back into my bedroom to get dressed, choosing jeans, a t shirt and a large sweater which subconsciously I think will hide my shame. The entire process takes about an hour. 

I leave my room and go into the kitchen, starting the coffee and breakfast. About ten minutes in to me preparing everything there is a knock on the door. When I get to the door Mrs Randolph is standing there with Amelia. 

"Good morning Sam. Thought it best to bring Amelia back early this morning as we have church soon and that's a family thing." She says. 

"No problem at all, did you have a good time?" I ask Amelia. 

"Yes" She turns to Mrs Randolph. "Thank you for letting me stay over I had a lovely time" 

"You're very welcome sweetheart, you're welcome to stay anytime." She smiles at me and Amelia. 

"Can Maria stay here next week?" Amelia asks. 

"I think you should ask your father first but I don't see why not." I reply. "I'll phone you and let you know" I say to Mrs Randolph. 

"Okay, bye Amelia. Take care Sam." She says as she walks away, I close the door. 

"Dirty laundry in the basket please" I call after Amelia as she bounds up the stairs to her room. 

"I know. Can I help with breakfast?" She calls back. 

"Yes, hurry up then." I head back into the kitchen. Scott and Elizabeth are sitting at the table drinking coffee, talking like old friends. I've never seen them this much at ease with each other. I say nothing and go back to preparing breakfast. Everyone sits around the table and eats breakfast like a family, all except me. 

While they eat I go back to my room and contemplate leaving, I even begin packing a bag but deflate halfway through and sit on the end of the bed and stare into space. My mind working a thousand miles a minute, trying to figure out what the best course of action is. I sit for several minutes but then decide that maybe leaving is the best option. I'm putting stuff into my bag when I hear the door open behind me. 

"What are you doing?" Scott asks, closing the door as he walks over to me. I don't answer, tears falling down my face. "Sam, what are you doing?" He repeats. 

I sniff then reply. "I think it's best if I go." 

"What? Why?" He asks, reaching out for me. I pull away and walk over to my closet to remove more clothes. He follows, "Talk to me." 

"There's nothing to say, I crossed a line and I need to leave." I take the clothes over to the bed. 

"No... you need to stay with me. I need you. The kids need you!" He pleads. 

"How can I stay now? Knowing how we both feel about each other and everything that has happened!" 

"We didn't get a chance to talk to you this morning, we worked everything out." He takes my hand and sits on the bed, I join him. "We're going to ease the kids into this, we can't just spring it on them like that. Liz is going to go on more and more business trips, being away for longer periods of time. She's going to bring Marcie around in a couple of weeks so the kids get used to the idea." 

"That's fair enough but what about us? How are we going to tell them about us?" I ask. 

"We will let the kids see us getting closer, they already love you. They'd call you mom if they could!" 

"I could never disrespect Liz like that, she's been good to me." I say. 

"Then we'll find something for them to call you that you're both happy with. Liz actually said the kids see you as their mom already and she's happy for you to be their mom. She couldn't give them the love and affection they needed, I was the one who wanted kids. However she does still want to be in their lives" 

"Of course!" 

"So you'll stay...?"

Two months later

I park the car in the drive way, my heart pounding, ringing in my ears. My breathing quick, almost hyperventilating. I calm myself down and exit the car, walking to the house and letting myself in. Liz is sitting in the den with Marcie and the kids, Scott is in the kitchen. 

"What's going on?" I ask as I place bag on the table. 

"It's time" Scott says, picking up the tray of lemonade and carrying it past me to the den. I follow behind him, my heart begins pounding again, this is not what I was expecting today. 

"Why today?" 

"Amelia walked in on Liz and Marcie in a passionate embrace, so it's time for the talk." Scott whispers. I nod and walk in the room behind Scott who places the tray on the table in the room and sits on the couch. I stand on the far side of the room, away from

Scott. 

"Is Marcie your girlfriend mom?" Alex asks, breaking the awkward silence. 

"Yes Alex but how did you know?" Liz replies. 

"Jayden's sister has a girlfriend and I've seen the way they are, you and Marcie are the same." Alex says. 

"Does that make you mad?" Liz asks. 

"Are you happy?" Alex counters. 

"Yes baby, more happy than I've been in a very long time." 

"Then I'm happy mom but what about papa?" Alex asks. 

Scott moves over and sits beside him. "I'm okay buddy, I have you guys so I'm happy." 

"Are you and mom getting a divorce?" Amelia pipes up. 

"Yes sugar plum but we both love you the same and nothing is going to change except mom will be moving out." Scott says. 

Amelia looks at Scott and then at me. "Then you can marry Sam." 

"What?!" I say, shocked at Amelia's words. 

"You want me to marry Sam?" Scott asks. 

"I've seen the way you look at Sam, like the boys in those movies.. when they get gushy and kiss" 

"Thank god for that!" Scott says and grabs my hand. "No more hiding" 

We all go out to dinner, everybody happy with our new blended family. 

That night, back at home the atmosphere was different. Liz and Marcie were in their own apartment, the kids were in bed and I was getting to spend my first night in the same bed as Scott. 

After my bath, I walk into the bedroom in my red silk robe. Scott whistles making me blush. He makes a move to grab me but I pull away, taking a step back. 

"What's wrong?" Scott asks, getting off the bed and standing in front of me wearing nothing but a pair of red boxer shorts. 

I take a deep breath, closing my eyes and licking my lips before speaking. "I'm pregnant" 

I open my eyes and look at Scott, who has the biggest smile on his face. He grabs a hold of me and kisses me with passion and hunger, then pulls me into his arms and lifts me off the floor. Spinning me around and around while kissing my neck. I wrap my legs around his waist, his erection straining against his boxers. 

He kisses me again, then speaks. "I can't wait to tell the kids that they're going to be getting a baby brother or sister!" 

"You're not mad?" I ask. 

"Why would I be mad? I'm so happy right now I could burst." He looks me in the eye as he uses one hand to release his hard cock from his boxers and moves me into position for his cock to penetrate me. My wetness slides down onto his cock, making me moan. Scott kisses me as he begins moving me up and down, I throw my head back as he growls. "Marry me!" 

The end