 Periodically, the company gets audited. Usually, it's the same two or three firms that do it, we seem to rotate between them depending on whether it's the government or private customers that require the audit. No matter the company, the routine is the same. A group of accountants show up and we've worked out a process, it's actually pretty painless. They meet with each group and review the key components, we have some boiler plate we give them to fill in the necessary blanks and then we all go on our merry way. Sometimes, they have some follow-up question, but generally, it's pretty bland.

While the auditors are always very nice and professional, they generally are guys, although occasionally, sometimes a rather pleasant looking woman will be part of their group. When that is the case, they are almost always very young, pretty much straight out of college, just stepped out in the world and want to get some experience.

That makes for a nice distraction during a few meetings, but there is no serious thought that anything will occur. 

With our recent group of auditors, however, the first time I met them, it appeared that there might be a change. The usual group of guys were introduced and then a fairly pretty young woman stepped forward and shook my hand, introducing herself as Leslie.

Discretely, I gave her the once over. While she was not drop dead gorgeous, she certainly could turn a few heads. Nice dirty blond hair, average build, and solid personality. Hmm......a few brain cells AND a decent body.

Once they turned to walk away, though, my eyes got a treat. She had an ass that brought to mind the phrase "work it!" She was not a big girl at all, but her backside really was nice and round. I couldn't tell if she was a swimmer, runner or maybe a soccer player, but it looked as though she worked out somehow. 

Over the next few weeks, we would stop to talk on occasion, I found out a few things about her - mostly mindless drivel as I concentrated on not looking her over too much. She had smaller breasts, maybe a B cup, nice face, well proportioned for her size and weight. She mostly wore some type of heels and pants, which only served to accentuate her ass. 

One day, she wore the most outspoken pants I had seen her wear. Usually, she wore black pants and a white blouse. Today, she wore striped pants with her standard white shirt, nothing too outlandish, but it definitely made her ass stand out. 

I had to work late to catch up on paperwork. As luck would have it, she was leaving at the same time I did and we walked out the door together. "Hey," she said, "going home?"

"Yeah," I replied, "I am beat." 

"Maybe we could get a drink sometime," she said. 

Hmm, I thought, that sounds good, wondering what that meant in her mind. We walked a few steps further and then separated as she turned to the right. I turned left towards my car and walked a few steps. Unconsciously, I looked back towards her, her coat covered her more than I would have liked. 

"Damn," I muttered.

She turned back towards me and smiled, "What?" she asked. 

Uh oh, I thought, she heard. "Uhhhh, nothing," I said. 

"Oh," she said, still smiling and showing me a perfect set of teeth. "I thought you might have said something." She turned slowly towards me.

I tried to recover smoothly. "Just thinking about maybe getting that drink," I said. "Sometime."

"Oh," she said, walking back towards me, her heels clipping on the pavement. "Do you have time now?"

"I guess I could," I said, my mind racing. Damn, this girl might be serious about it, I thought, she's not just making idle conversation.

"Sure," I answered, "let's go. Where to?" 

She answered, "There's a bar and restaurant at my hotel, if you don't mind, could we go there? That way I don't have to find my way home."

"No problem," I answered, "I wouldn't want you drinking too much and then getting in an accident."

"Yeah," she said, "if I am near my home, I can relax a little," she smiled. "Can you follow me?"

"Sure," I said, and we both walked towards our cars. I got in my sedan and pulled out. I was a little shocked to see that she got into a brand new black Mercedes. Wow, I thought, nice car, they must pay pretty well at her firm.

I followed her a mile or so away into the chain hotel by the freeway. I parked a few slots away from her and got out. She got out and joined me, her bags slung over her shoulders. 

"I have to go up to my room and drop off my bags," she said. "Do you want to go into the bar and I'll meet you there?"

"Sure," I said and as we entered the hotel, and watched her walk away. As I went into the bar and sat down, I thought about the situation. Hmmm, I wondered, where will this go. I ordered a coke and sat down at a table. There were only a few people in the bar, it was a standard casual lounge, smoke free thankfully, because we were in California. Nicely decorated, tasteful, I thought as I sat in a chair and surveyed the scene. 

A few minutes later, Leslie walked into the bar. As she walked towards me, I took a minute to look her over. She still had on her tight striped pants, but she had replaced her white blouse with a black one. As she came up to me, she smiled her big smile and slid into the chair next to me. Hmmm, I thought, she could have sat across from me, but she sat next to me. Maybe......nah, I thought, I'll let it go.

The lone waitress in the bar came over. "What can I get you?" she asked. Leslie looked at me and asked, "What are you having?" 

"Just a coke," I said, nodding towards my drink. 

"Ohhh," she said, thoughtfully, "don't you want to unwind a little with me?"

"I do.....I do," I said, "but I do have to drive home also."

"OK," she said, "then, I'll have a coke also." 

As the waitress left, my mind thought about the implications of her order. Well, I thought, I guess it's just going to be a pleasant few minutes of talking.

I was broken out of my zone by feeling something brush against me leg. I looked down, startled and saw Leslie's leg brushing against mine. I hurriedly said, "Sorry" and moved my leg a little bit away.

"Why?" she asked, "why are you sorry?" 

"I didn't realize I was touching your leg," I said, apologizing.

"No, silly," she said and flashed me her most engaging smile. "I'm the one who touched you." And with that, she placed her hand on my thigh. I swallowed what drink I had in my mouth and pondered for a moment.

She started to move her hand off my leg and said, "I thought you were interested by the way you look at me at work." 

"Oh, you noticed?" I asked.

"Well, you are very discrete," Leslie said, "but I did notice you checking out my ass a few times."

"It's kind of hard to miss," I said, "you have a very nice one." 

"Well, thank you," she replied and settled her hand back onto my thigh, this time, moving it a few inches higher towards my groin.

I felt a stirring in my groin as she did this and my thoughts fled instantly towards what could, and what would occur. I glanced at her and smiled. "I guess we are here now, huh?" I said, instantly thinking, what lame small talk.

"Yes," she said, "and where should we go?" She lazily drug her hand up my leg and brushed over my groin, my cock now becoming rigid and noticeable.

Leslie leaned in towards me and said in a low voice, "You know, we could do just about anything to relax," her voice trailing off.

I looked over at her and immediately saw that she was looking down at the bulge in my pants. Taking that as a sign, I turned my face into her hair and softly asked, "Did you have anything in mind?" At the same time, I lifted my arm from the chair and gently placed it on her back.

To the casual observer, we would appear as nothing more than colleagues haring a drink and a whispered conversation. However, to me, it felt as though she had unleashed a tiger in my pants. The pressure was mounting and I felt like I had to do something. It had been a while since I had flirted and something as simple as this had made me hard and actually a little uncomfortable.

I glanced around and saw that the two guys at the bar were paying no attention to us. It was a good thing, because at that moment, she stood up and pulled me my the hand. "Come on," she said, "let's go." I stumbled as she pulled me towards the door, partly from shock and partly from my hard-on. 

"Wait," I said, "we didn't pay." Letting go of her hand, I quickly grabbed a 10 from my wallet and laid it on the counter of the bar. I turned to see that she was already walking out of the bar.I rushed after her and caught up to her as she entered the elevator. As the door closed behind us, Leslie turned to me and practically attacked me, pushing my body backwards against the wall. She kissed me hard and pressed her body against mine, at the same time reaching between my legs and grasping my now completely rigid cock. 

I kissed her back hard, moving my hands to her ass. It was as good as I had imagined, firm cheeks with plenty to grab.

As she moved her tongue into my mouth, the door chimed announcing our arrival at her floor. Thank God there was no one standing there waiting. She broke away from me and grabbed my hand, pulling me out the door and down the hall. As she opened the door to her room and pulled me in, I looked around quickly. 

It was a nice looking room, the bed was already turned down and the lamp by the bed had a red sheer cloth placed over it. She saw me looking and said, "I hoped you would want to come up, so I prepared for it."

Now that she had given me the clear signal, I released any reservations that I held and gently pushed her down onto the bed. She tried to sit up, but I stood between her legs and pushed her back down.

"Oh, you like to be in charge," Leslie asked and relaxed, staying down. 

"I know what I want," I said, "and once I get approval to move ahead, I take it," I replied. 

"Then," Leslie said, "permission is granted." With that, she stretched her arms out above her head and grinned.

I slowly leaned forward, placing my hands on her body and then running them up along her stomach and over her breasts. As my body made contact with hers, my already stiff cock became painfully rock hard. As I gently massaged her breasts, she closed her eyes and murmured something softly. I unbuttoned her blouse and to my surprise, she had no bra underneath. Her breasts were pleasantly firm and round, as I thought a good B cup. I rolled her nipples between my fingers and tweaked them gently. Again, Leslie said something softly under her breath.

I laid on top of her and softly asked her what she said. She opened her eyes and looked me square in the face. 

"I want you to go ahead and fuck me," she said. "Quit toying with me and start giving me some of that cock you've been holding in your pants."

Wow, I thought, this girl isn't playing around. With that direct encouragement, I wasted no time in getting her pants off and exposing her rock hard ass, clad only in a tiny black g-string. I rolled her over onto her stomach and smacked her ass once. 

"Ohhhhh," she moaned, "give it to me." I slapped her other ass cheek and then massaged both of them grabbing a good handful and enjoying every second of it. 

Leslie moaned louder, which only encouraged me. I flipped her back over and flung her legs wide open. Her g-string did not do a good job of covering up her pussy and I could tell that she was wet, judging by the amount of shiny surface that were exposed on her inside thighs. 

I quickly removed my shirt and pants and finally freed my cock from the constrictions on my underwear. Holding her legs, I knelt between her legs and moved my cock towards her pussy. Leslie lifted her legs higher and placed hr hands under her thighs, holding them up in a V shape. 

Good God, I thought, this girl really wants to get fucked. I slid my cock into her soaked pussy and immediately felt her clench it tight with her muscles. She was both tight and smooth at the same time.

I started moving my hips back and forth, each time thrusting a little deeper. Leslie resumed moaning and pulled her legs closer to her, opening her now completely wet pussy to me and allowing deeper access.

Grunting, I felt that I was near climax and groaned that I was cumming. Leslie started bucking her hips and her moans increased. I pushed deeper into her pussy and started to shake. I couldn't control it anymore and yelled, clasping her thighs and straining against them.

I felt her tense and her body arched. Leslie's moans became a throaty yell and she let loose with a "Fuuuuuuckkkk!" that I thought would bring someone knocking on the door.

Slumping forward, I loosened my hold on her legs and started to collapse onto her body. She let go of her thighs and let them slowly fall down.

Taking my head in her hands, Leslie kissed me deeply. "Pretty good," she said, "are you ready for a second round?"

"Sure," I smiled weakly. "Let's go."

She pushed me off of her and turned around on the bed, getting onto her hands and knees. Her g-string was a mess, soaked through and nearly torn off. She reached around with one hand and tore it off of her body, tossing it onto the floor.

I moved up behind her and, to my surprise, felt my cock already getting hard again. Damn,I thought, I haven't been able to fire twice like this since college.

As I moved forward with my hardening member, I started maneuvering into her slick hole. She said, "Uh, Uh" and shook her head.

I was confused for a microsecond, but then I understood. This girl wanted it up the ass!

I slid my now hard cock up a few inches and placed it at the entrance to her anus. Leslie moved her hips around and look back at me, a huge smile on her face. "Give it to me," she said, and sunk her face down into the pillow, propping her rear even higher in the air and giving me the most inviting target I had had in years.

I slowly pushed into her anus, finding resistance, but continuing to go in. To my surprise, she was pushing back against my groin, trying to get it in her. With a small 'pop' I was in past her ring and found myself thrusting into a new area of delight.

As I built up speed, she lifted her head and started her throaty moaning again. Leslie started tossing her head, her hair flying as a crescendo started. My balls slapped up against her and I found it harder and harder to stay inside her as she was literally thrashing around. 

With a massive groan, she collapsed down onto the bed and at the same time, I spent my load into her ass, falling onto her as well.

Lying on top of her, I nuzzled her neck.

"Good," I murmured into her ear.

"Yes," she whispered, "I may have found a fuck buddy while I am in town."