 I stood up calmly, carefully adjusting my shirt as I did so to give her a second to compose herself. When I thought she was ready I held my hand out. She took it tentatively. She was still slightly shaken, so I gripped it firmly as I pulled her up.

As soon as she was upright I brought her in for another kiss. A shorter, more formal kiss than previously, although I couldn't help biting her lip slightly as I pulled away.

"You look magnificent, baby," I said. Intertwining my fingers with hers as I gently led her away from the bar and across the floor.

"You look like a dream every man in this bar has had," I continued, whispering it softly in her ear as we began to walk. "The only difference is... you're mine. I don't have to dream."

As soon as those words left my mouth I felt her stride become confident again. I pulled her tight into my side as we walked. My hands wrapped around her gorgeous curves, pressing them right into me so we swayed slightly as we walked. I hadn't been lying. I felt the eyes of the men in the room as we walked. I hoped she did too.

We left the envious gaze of the bar behind us and entered the lobby. At first it seemed we would be alone, but a middle aged couple arrived shortly before the lift did. 'Okay...' I thought with a smirk.

We took our place at the back of the lift as they stood in front of us, facing the door. As soon as they turned my right hand was back on her thigh. A gasp escaped her body, but she kept it silent. 'Good girl,' I thought. They pressed their button, oblivious to the fact that inches away my fingers were working their way back to her soft, wet pussy.

With each rising floor my hand crept upwards. She stayed silent, but her hand around me began to tighten. The further I slid up her thigh the more her nails dug in to me. By the time they got out at the 5th I could feel how wet she was on the tips of my fingers and I could feel her body shake through her grip. She was almost drawing blood through my shirt. I kept smiling calmly and kept my breathing regular.

As soon as the door closed I turned and quickly pressed her up against the wall by her throat as I slid my fingers inside her. She was dripping wet. I pushed them a little deeper and savoured the moan that escaped her mouth. She'd clearly been desperate and fighting to stay silent, barely managing to keep it in. I rewarded her with another kiss, pressing my body into hers with my hand still firm around her neck.

I started to finger her properly, curving my two fingers and stroking deep inside her. She moaned into my mouth as she bit my lip, completely consumed by the moment and the risk. I'd gambled on there being no more passengers on this journey. If someone were to get on in the floors between ours there would almost certainly be no time to rearrange ourselves. The door would open and they'd walk in to see us pressed up against the wall, one of my hands on her throat and the other inside her.

I noticed there was a mirror on the side wall and smiled as I watched for a moment. I moved my hand from her throat to her cheeks and firmly positioned her face to the side so she could watch too. I felt her knees go weak and buckle slightly as she caught sight of her reflection, and of me holding her there as I felt her get wetter and wetter. I held her face there for the last few seconds of the journey and began to bite her exposed neck. Her skin was so soft and felt so pure under my teeth. I bit down a little harder as I slid my fingers a little deeper. Another gasp escaped her body and I let go. No need to leave a mark just yet.

I turned to look into the mirror with her as the lift began to slow. Our eyes met in the glass, my blue eyes and her big brown ones, pleading with me, consumed by the pleasure and the moment. I held her gaze and moved my hand back to her neck, she kept looking deeply into my eyes in the reflection. "You look so pretty, Rae," I whispered. "So pretty with a hand around your throat." Her whole body quivered.

I pulled my fingers out and slowly sucked on the lift came to a halt. 'I'm going to need more of that," I growled. As the doors began to open I quickly tightened my grip around her throat and kissed her one last time before releasing. I led her out, holding her hand firmly. She followed as we walked towards her door.

Her hands were trembling slightly as she reached for the lock. I tightened my grip around her side to steady her. She found the latch and slowly opened the door, turning the lights on slightly as she did so.

We walked together into the dimly lit room. I waited to hear the door close as she turned to face me. The final seconds as the light from the hallway disappeared to a sliver and then to nothing seemed to take forever. The tension in the air seemed to crackle and the low light made our facial features sharpen. I was drawn again to one last flash of those big brown eyes, whilst I noticed her eyes land on my cheek bones as my mouth descended into a satisfied smile.

As soon as I heard the lock land I took her firmly by the wrists and walked her towards the bed, bending her over and pressing her down. My mouth went straight to her neck as I kissed her. "You don't know how long I've waited for this," I whispered into her ear as shivers convulsed her body. My kisses quickly turned to bites.

I took both her wrists in my left hand and held them above her head as I moved my mouth tantalisingly above hers. As I did so I lowered my right hand down her body. The shivers started to take hold of her again.

My hand crept below her dress.

"Do you want it?" I asked.

She nodded, barely able to speak.

"Where would you like me to be, baby?"

She quivered again. My hand crept closer. Brushing the skin around her without getting it too close.

"Where would you like me to be, baby?" I repeated.

Her whole body convulsed beneath me. "Inside me!" she gasped.

As the last syllables left her mouth my right hand was inside her again. With my left hand I pressed her arms further back behind her back as I started to brush her g-spot with my fingers.

After a few seconds I moved my mouth back to her ear as I stroked her g-spot harder and began rubbing her clit with my thumb.

"Now I'm going to taste you, Rae." I whispered, stroking deeper as I did.

"You're going to come for me, and I'm going to taste it."