  Four part story written by request, storyline is the requestor's, the writing errors are mine. I will submit the chapters every two days or so. Part 3 of 4. 

The Audition, Ch. 3

Thanksgiving Day, 2010

I stared at the ceiling. Shit! I had lied to Gwen about fucking her mother. She knew I went in there to fulfill the requirements of the will, but if it ever came out she would go ballistic. I couldn't take it back now and she would feel like I was hiding something if she found out after believing that nothing happened. I really was in a fix now. I would just have to deal with it and live with it the rest of my life, because I didn't want to let this beauty go. But I also had two more women to go, her sisters. This was going to be an interesting but stressful weekend.

The next day was Thanksgiving. We all tried to act like it was another normal Thanksgiving gathering and dinner. The food was good, but there was an underlying current of tension in everyone. We were all jumpy because of the arrangements. We managed to get thru the day, and it was an overall joyous occasion, but as we got closer to nightfall, things got quiet. Finally, we all peeled off and went to bed. Gwen and I went to our room and discussed nothing in particular as we put on our pajamas and got ready for bed. She was trying not to discuss that I was going to go to her older sister's room. Sheila was next up in the queue. Finally, at about 10pm, Gwen turned suddenly and pulled me into a bear hug. She whispered that she loved me and then pulled back. She looked up at me and tried to smile. 

"I guess it's time."

I nodded. "Yeah, it is."

Gwen put her head on my chest. "Please tell me again that this will not change what we have."

I lifted her head by her chin and looked directly at her. "This will never change us. I love you and you love me and we will always be together. This will be over after this weekend."

She put her head back down. "Okay, you'd better go."

I started to pull away, but Gwen held on a little longer, then finally relaxed her grip and backed away. She looked up at me. "See you in a little while."

"Okay." I kissed her and smiled and left the room in my pajamas.

I headed for Sheila's room. I knocked lightly and she called out for me to enter. I opened the door and she was already in bed. She smiled and waved me over. I went toward the bed.

She grinned. "Take off your pajamas and get in here." I complied and she watched closely. "Mmmm. Nice cock." I looked up at her quickly and she grinned again. "Well, if we are going to do this, I might as well enjoy it. My husband has been neglecting his duties, so I'm ready."

I was quickly tucked under the covers with her. "We don't have to do this, you know. We could just say we did."

"Not a chance." I felt her reach for my cock and her covers fell away, revealing nice large tits. My cock hardened. "I can't wait to have sex with a new cock. This has given me the approval I needed." I was now fully hard based on her rubbing my dick with her warm hands and displaying those voluptuous tits. "And a nice sized one at that." She threw the covers back and looked at my cock, standing at attention while she held it. "Mmmm. Did I mention that I love sucking cock?" She bent over and slowly licked around the head. I lay back and moaned. She smiled up at me and rearranged herself on the bed so that she was kneeling next to me. I could see that she had a fantastic body. How could her husband neglect that night after night? Maybe she was lying or there was more going on there than she knew.

Sheila continued to lick and suck on my cock, and she was definitely into it. She gave it a final slurp and started to climb up over me. I looked up at her. "Are you ready? Do you need any lube?"

She grinned and rubbed my cock along her slit. "Honey, I've been thinking about this all day and I warmed up a little while waiting for you. Yeah, baby, I'm wet and ready." With that she slowly started lowering herself onto my cock. Fuck, she was tight. "Fuck yes, a good hard cock. That's what I really needed."

I reached up and grabbed her nice c-cup tits. "Nice tits."

She grinned. "Thank you." Then she got serious. "Now let's fuck!"

Sheila started bouncing up and down on my dick like a mad woman. She thrust herself up and down, up and down, groaning and mumbling how good it was at every step. She was very good at grinding her clit against me and I knew she was going to cum soon. Unfortunately, so was I. "Sheila, I'm going to cum soon."

"Mmm... okay... oh, fuck!"

"Sheila, do you want me to try to get to your ass now?"

"Not a chance!" She leaned over and stared directly into my eyes while she rotated her hips, stimulating her clit against my pubic bone and hair. "I'm going to fuck you until we both cum and then I'm going to suck you hard again and then you can fuck my tight ass." 

That was the final straw for me. I started thrusting and thrusting, feeling the orgasm approaching. She started moaning and I could tell she was close, too. Suddenly, she erupted into an orgasm and held still for a second, then jerked, then held still, then jerked, and did this until she completed her orgasm. I was still thrusting and finally I came, too. I held her down against my hips as I buried my dick into her hot pussy as deep as I could get it to start spurting. I spurted and spurted, filling this sexy mother of two with my cum. 

She finally collapsed onto my chest. "Mmmm. That was nice. I think I'm going to like having sex with you."

I pushed her up. "This is it, Sheila. Tonight is the last time we will have sex. Period."

"Okay, okay, no need to get upset. I'm just going to leave an open invitation out there for you, that's all."

"Sorry, not going to happen. I love your sister and I'm going to marry her. She's the one for me. Once we finish here tonight, we're done."

She stared at me for a second. "Hmmm. I guess that means that baby Gwen is pretty good in the sack, too, eh?"

"No comment."

She shrugged her shoulders. "No matter. I've got you for a little longer tonight, and I'm not letting you go until we are done."

I groaned and she grinned. She clambered off me and lay next to me. She snuggled up against me and waited a few minutes for us both to catch her breath. Finally she rose up on one elbow, her body still molded to mine. "Well, John. Are you ready for the next round?" She reached out and cupped my balls and soft dick. "Not yet? Well, let's see what we can do about that." She then leaned over and started cleaning and sucking my dick. Fuck! This woman was definitely into sex! I decided to tell her that.

"Oh, shit, Sheila, you can really suck cock!"

She lifted her face from my crotch and grinned evilly. "Damn right!" Then she buried her face back into my balls and licked them from the bottom up. She finished by going all the way up my dick and then burying it into her mouth. Fuck! I groaned and she pulled off.

"Mmmm. I see that somebody's dick wants some of Sheila's ass. You ready stud?"

I stared at her for a second. "Uh, yeah." I was barely recovered from the first fuck and she had my dick hard and quivering again. 

Sheila sat up and patted me on the hip. "Get up and do this right. Get behind me and fuck my ass hard."

I was amazed at how different this woman was in and out of the bedroom. She was fucking amazing at this. I crawled up onto my knees and she turned and got on all fours with her face buried into a pillow. She turned her head to me for a second.

"Fuck my pussy for a few moments to get nice and wet and then shove it in my ass. I love ass-fucking, so you shouldn't have any problems."

I crawled around behind her and stared at the voluptuous ass in front of me. Her little brown star was winking at me as she appeared to be flexing it. I moved up behind her and aimed my dick at her pussy. I eased it in. Our combined lubrication in her pussy meant that my dick was soaking wet instantly. I slowly fucked her a few times to get it ready and then pulled it out. 

"Yeah, baby, fuck that sexy ass."

I moved forward and pushed my dick against her asshole. "You mean this ass?"

"Fuck yeah! Do it! Fuck me!"

I pushed quickly and her ass opened up and my dick went all the way to the hilt in one solid thrust.

"Oh, yeah, fuck me baby!" Sheila kept after me to fuck her, so I did.

I pulled back and started thrusting. I would pull back kind of slow and watch as her ass clamped onto my dick and then I would quickly bury it. Each time my hips slapped up against hers and she moaned. I could feel her rubbing her pussy with one of her hands and I just started fucking her hard at that point. There was no attempt at her satisfaction now. I just pounded her and looked for my next cum. I wanted to fill her nasty ass with as much cum as I could. I fucked and fucked and she started rolling her hips a little as she played with her pussy and that pushed me to the edge. I was fucking her hard and enjoying it immensely. I was on that edge, wanting it to last forever, but also badly wanting to cum. Suddenly she shuddered in orgasm and the rhythmic squeezing of her ass put me over the top.

"Oh fuck! Here it cums!" I buried myself in Sheila's tight ass and pumped a load deep into her. I pumped and pumped and was exhausted when I finished. I collapsed on top of her and pushed her flat on the bed. 

"Nice job, John. I think you're going to keep Gwen well satisfied."

I lay there on top of her feeling her flex her ass and the nice contour of her bubble butt. "I plan on it."

"Mmmm. Just stay there for a minute until your dick shrinks and naturally pops out of my ass."

I lay there, feeling her under me. I started relaxing and finally my dick popped out of her ass. She giggled. "Oh, yeah. Nothing like a good pussy and ass fucking to take the edge off."

I rolled off to the side and stared at her. "Is your husband really neglecting you?"

She grinned. "Yeah. I think he has a little something on the side at work, so I have a friend who comes over and makes sure I don't get too horny." I must have been staring at her after that. "What? Don't get all high and mighty until you've been in that position. I'm a woman reaching my sexual peak and all he can do is drool over the bimbos at work."

"Okay." What could I say to that. "I think I'll get cleaned up and go."

"Okay, lover. I'll be sure to tell Gwen how good you were and took good care of her sister." She gave me an evil grin and wink.

"No, thanks." I threw my pajamas back on and went to Gwen's room. 

Gwen was not even pretending to be asleep this time. She was sitting up and reading her book – at least that's what she was trying to do. She looked up as soon as I entered.

"Well?" She looked at me apprehensively.

"Your older sister is a little freaky." I decided I had to tell her the truth about this one.

Her face showed her disappointment even though she knew why I went in there. "I figured. She was always the one telling us about her sexual exploits in college."

"She also admitted to me that she thinks her husband has a mistress so she has a lover, too."

Gwen stared at me. "She actually said that?"

"Yeah."

Gwen got quiet for a minute. "So you fucked her?"

I stared at Gwen, trying to portray the regret that I felt. "Yeah."

"Did you enjoy it?"

"Are you sure you want to talk about this?"

She looked down and then back up, staring at me. "Yes, I want to know."

"I didn't really enjoy it, but I did cum. She was very good."

"She was?"

"She was even a little – I don't know, maybe a little slutty?"

Gwen stared for a moment. "Do you think there's any truth to my father's accusations?"

"No. Absolutely not. I know that they are strong, independent women. I also know that they were not wallflowers in college, but there's a big difference between having a healthy sex life and being a slut!" I said that emphatically, trying to ensure that she understood my position.

"I agree."

Gwen lay down and turned away from me, saying nothing more. I thought she might be mad. I crawled into bed with her and lay there, thinking about what I should do, or what I could do. I could come up with nothing. I was completely ill equipped to handle this type of situation. I decided it was best to just lay there and not try to bother her. 

I lay there and listened to her breathing. She didn't' seem to be relaxing. Finally, she turned toward me and put her arm over my chest and her leg over mine. "I'm sorry. I know we asked you to do this. It's not your fault."

"I'm sorry that I had to do it."

She rose up and kissed me on the lips. "I love you. I always will."

"I love you, too. Always."

I was much more capable of relaxing now and thought about tomorrow. I was hoping tomorrow would be easier. Finally, I went to sleep.

I woke up and knew that it was morning by the light streaming in the window. There was no sign of Gwen. I sat up and looked around. The door was open and I could hear talking downstairs. I walked down there and Gwen and her mother were cooking breakfast. Gwen came immediately over to me and put her arms around me. She gave me a big kiss. 

"Good morning, my favorite man."

I answered her. "Good morning, my most favorite woman."

She grinned. "C'mon. Let's eat before my sisters get up."

I agreed and we sat down for breakfast. It was the most relaxing meal I'd had since I arrived. I was holding out hope that the rest of the day would be easy, but I knew deep down that it wouldn't be.

 to be continued... 