 I sat in the corner of the hotel bar and ordered a beer. I considered something a little stronger but decided against it. I wanted a clear head.

I looked past the bartender into the mirrored wall. I adjusted the collar of my shirt a little and checked the cuffs. I was wearing dress shoes and formal trousers with a dark shirt and jacket. My nicest belt, a thick, buckled number, was carefully positioned to split up the ensemble. The only informal thing was my stubble, which I'd let grow out a little. I didn't normally dress up quite this much, but this was not a normal drink. And besides, I knew what she liked.

I sent her a message to let her know I was here and ordered a red wine. Whilst I waited I looked around at my fellow clientele. A group of businessmen in the far corner were gradually getting louder. They seemed to be celebrating; perhaps they'd had a meeting here earlier. A family was sat having dinner in the middle of the room. The parents looked tired and I thought I could hear American accents; probably a holiday. A pretty red-head in a green dress sat on the other side of the bar, occasionally checking her phone and stirring her drink. She was difficult to read, but I hoped she was okay.

My phone buzzed. She was on her way down. I took a deeper swig from my bottle and tried to distract myself a little by attempting to work out a little more about the red-head, but my eyes kept glancing towards the door. 

I took my phone out of my pocket. Two minutes since she said she was leaving. I looked back towards the red-head, she was definitely waiting for someone. Four minutes. A lot of hotels have busy, slow lifts, I told myself. Six minutes. Maybe she said she was leaving whilst still getting ready...

Suddenly she appeared, striding confidently through the arched doorway. I'd already told her where I was so she made a beeline to my corner. She was wearing a tight black dress that hugged the curves of her hourglass figure. Her dark hair had been carefully styled and her lips were imbued with a deep, dark red. I smiled as I remembered a message she'd sent me once, and took a quiet pleasure in noticing the loud businessmen had collectively fallen silent as she passed.

I stood up when she got close and opened my arms, welcoming her with a kiss on each cheek. I held her a little tighter with my right hand and squeezed her shoulder as I pulled away, and noticed her left had wrapped around my bicep and gripped me back.

"It's so nice to meet you, Rae," I smiled. "You look phenomenal."

"Likewise," she replied, blushing slightly. Her accent stood out immediately in the London bar, as did her glowing, tanned skin. She seemed to radiate a warmth that was too often missing in the cold, pale, British winter.

"So how was your flight over?" I asked.

"Oh you know..." she began. Exchanging pleasantries like this was a little odd, because I did literally know. We already knew so much about each other, far more than was necessary for 'polite' conversation, so chatting like this was slightly surreal. We both seemed to realise it though, giggling occasionally as we asked questions we already knew every answer to. 

After a few minutes I was surprised to realise she already felt familiar, like a good friend you haven't seen in a while - which technically, I supposed, was true - however one thing I couldn't get used to was her eyes. Those big, beautiful, brown eyes I'd seen in so many messages and pictures. Every time I looked into them I couldn't help but think of some of our other conversations. I felt my belt tighten a little and I smiled. 'Maybe the warmth I was sensing was something else,' I thought.

We made our way through our first round at a good pace. As glass and bottle emptied things became easier still. We joked about her experiences of London so far, how she was feeling about the cold and, tentatively, about each other.

"You're a bit taller than I expected," she offered, almost shyly.

"Well, you never asked," I smiled.

"Really?" she said with a laugh.

"Really!" I replied, moving carefully to lightly touch her thigh as I laughed with her, squeezing it a little. I felt her leg quiver just a little as I did so, and I made sure to lightly stroke down to her knee as I pulled away. 

"Shall I get us another?" I asked, as our breathing returned to normal.

"Please," she said, "although I just need to pop out for just a moment."

She slid elegantly off the bar stool and walked back across the room, making sure to highlight her already ample curves with a 1950s movie star walk. It was only when she got halfway through that I realised I'd been staring the entire time. I'd remembered what she liked, but she hadn't forgotten what I liked either. 

'Well played, Rae,' I thought, as I turned back to the bar and ordered another round.

When she returned her demeanour was noticeably different. We still chatted and laughed, but it was in an almost business-like manner. She moved her stool a few inches closer to mine and placed her left hand on my thigh. She placed her right on the bar so she could lean a little and look up at me with those brown eyes. It seemed like she'd made a decision.

Gradually our conversations became shorter as both our minds drifted. We began to reach the last few sips of our drinks and our pace had slowed considerably. The bartender noticed and hovered expectantly for a while, but when it became clear we had no intention of ordering again he wandered to the other end of the bar to wash glasses.

I glanced around the room. Most of the other clientele had dispersed. The red-head in the green dress had given up on whoever or whatever she'd been waiting on. The parents had put the kids to bed and were enjoying a nightcap where she'd been sat at the other end of the bar. The businessmen remained, but they weren't very perceptive anymore. I turned my body towards her a little, blocking our corner off from view.

"So tomorrow myself and a few friends are getting brunch," she said. The topic of conversation had moved to her other plans whilst in London. "So I don't have to be up super early," she continued, "but..."

"You'd rather not be out too late," I finished, placing my right hand on her left thigh as the last syllable left my lips. My left hand reached out to caress her cheek as I pulled her in close for a kiss. I felt her hold her breath as she realised what was coming and closed her eyes. I kissed her slowly, our soft lips barely apart. I got the faintest taste of her sharp lipstick as I slowly pulled away. Her eyes opened again and I held her gaze.

"Exactly," she smiled, shivering slightly under my touch. My right hand began to make it's way up her thigh and I moved my mouth to her ear.

"So..." I said quietly, but firmly, taking my time to draw out each syllable for as long as possible as my hand continued up her long, gorgeously tanned leg. My left hand started to make it's way across her cheek.

"We..." My hand slid beneath her dress, glancing the fabric as I did so. Her leg had become tense and her breathing had almost stopped completely. 

"Should..." I'd reached top of her thigh and wasn't surprised to find she wasn't wearing panties. She hadn't told me, but I'd remembered something she once said she'd always wanted and taken a guess. She began to shake a little more and I could feel her fighting a moan. My left hand continued around her face and began to twist gently in her hair at the nape of her neck.

"Go..." My right hand began to work its way up her warm, wet, tight pussy. I softly dipped a finger, just enough to cover the tip with with her, as I worked up towards her clit, which I could feel already becoming hard and sensitive to my touch. My left hand began to pull her hair a little tighter.

"Upstairs..." I gently slid my fingers inside her as the last, slow 's' sound left my lips. My voice had become firmer now and I was practically growing in her ear. I moved my head away from her cheek and began to look deep into those brown eyes, which were almost pleading with me. I started softly stroking deeper inside her with my fingers as I circled her clit with my thumb. I felt the muscles in her neck tense against my left hand, so I gripped her a little tighter to hold her head steady. No one else had noticed, I was sure, but I could tell she was close to losing it.

"Would you like that?" I said with a calm smile.

She couldn't speak, but she nodded desperately. I moved my mouth back to her ear.

"Okay, baby..." 

I made sure to put emphasis on that word, that word I'd been saving, as I gave her tight, quivering pussy one final deep stroke.

"Let's go upstairs."