 Slowly, Danielle was coming out of her warm slumber. It had been a perfect morning, without a cloud in the sky. She and Robert had gone on a morning hike, found a beautiful small lake with a mental note to try skinny dipping there before they left, and then returned to the resort for a simple lunch with fabulous wines.

It had all been too much for Danielle, as she had felt the strain and stress evaporate from her. After lunch, she and Robert had returned to their suite and the privacy of their deck. She had lain upon the chaise lounge, sunning her back and fallen asleep, for how long, she did not know. Now she was aware that she was naked, and warm in the afternoon Utah sun. 

Robert's hands were covered in a warming oil that he had obtained from the spa. She could feel his hands massage her back and her shoulders, working down each arm and then back to her neck. Across to the other shoulder, he was working those oil covered fingers and palms into her shoulder blades, and ribs, before returning to each arm. With each repetition, he ventured lower down her back, spending less time upon her upper arms and shoulders the lower down her torso he ventured.

The effect of the sun and oil upon her skin was unlike anything Danielle had ever experienced. It was not hot, but warm, soothing, and the aroma from the oil seemed to change from fresh rosemary to something sweeter that she could not recognize. Robert said nothing, his breathing steady, his lips occasionally brushing her skin. Danielle could only sigh with contentment as she felt the muscles in her upper body give way to this pleasant assault.

In time, Robert's hands grew more daring. He spent less time on her arms now, caressing the sides of her breasts with both hands, then trailing those hands down her sides to her hips. He would then dip a hand into the bowl of spa oil, and return to her skin, his actions fluid, never stopping. Not yet fully awake, but becoming a little aroused, she perched her upper body on her elbows, freeing more of her breasts for his fingers and the warming oils.

Now Robert was clearly trying to arouse her. His hands were aggressive with her breasts, and he was beginning to knead her ass with authority. She spread her legs to give him better access. She knew the fascination and lust Robert had for her ass -- how easy it was to control him, merely by promising and then letting him fuck her and come in her ass after he had pleasured her. She pulled her knees up a bit to better expose her rosebud, and felt his hands fully work the globes of her ass. 

She waited for the tentative touch, then push of his tongue into her rosebud, but it never came. Instead, Robert continued to work his hands down her legs, squeezing the muscles of her hamstrings and calves, then back up to her cheeks and onto her breasts. After a few more minutes, Robert gently whispered to Danielle, "On to your back."

Robert stood up as she turned. Sophia was grateful to have the sun on her face. Robert was fully naked as well, his erection eager and hard. She reached for his balls, and gently drew his cock into her mouth. She caressed the head of his cock with her tongue and the inside of her mouth, gently scraping him with her teeth as she took him in and out of her mouth. When Robert pulled back, she squeezed his balls as if to warn him, then began to suck on his cock as if to pull his sperm from deep within him. She wondered how long he would last before she would taste his cum, but instead, he gently pushed her back. "Not yet," was all he said.

Robert knelt between her legs, and dipped his hand again into the bowl of oil. He began on her breasts, massaging the oils with his hands into Danielle's breasts and tummy. Then he took both of her legs, and put one of her calves on each of his shoulders. Back Robert went for the oil, covering Danielle's breasts, her stomach, front and inner thighs. 

With each time he massaged Danielle's inner thighs, he came closer to her labia. Danielle was wet now, she could feel her wetness cresting her cunt and as Robert moved again to her breasts, she could feel him deliberately slide his cock along her folds, rubbing her clitoris. Danielle felt she could take no more. She wanted his cock in her again, to experience what she knew would be the slipperiest fuck of her life, her body covered now in oil and sweat. As she reached down for his cock, Robert seized her hands and pushed them each above her head. 

Leaning forward upon her, Robert continued to tease her clit with his cock, sliding it back and forth, and then stopping to take one of her nipples into his mouth. 

Robert was not to be stopped in his erotic torture of her. He sucked hard upon each nipple, then released her nipple, to gently bite on her breast, before moving to the other, only to repeat the pressure upon her nipples. 

Struggle as she might, he held her arms fast above her head. Then slowly he released her hands, both of his now on her breasts, covered again in oil and massaging, squeezing, her breasts and her nipples while his tongue began to snake its way down her tummy. She lay back to enjoy the inevitable -- his hands alternately rough then gentle upon her breasts. His tongue, licking her inner lips, caressing her clit, then plunging into her sopping cunt. She could feel his suction as he pulled her juices from the depth of her cunt into his mouth. She could feel his swallowing as his licked and sucked her, her arousal building. 

Then she began to come and he attacked her clit with his tongue as if possessed. With the eruption of her orgasm, she could not endure the assault upon her tender clitoris. She turned abruptly onto her stomach, as if to escape him. Robert stopped, let Danielle's breathing subside and then gently caressed her back and her ass. His hand traced the crack of her ass, and gently, he pushed two fingers into her cunt and began to gently work them in and out, insisting that he try to make her come yet again. As he gently fucked with his hand, his lips caressed her ass. She opened to him, and felt his tongue at her rosebud, pressing and insistent to enter her ass.

Danielle was deeply aroused by the perversity of Robert's actions. Here he was, gently fucking her with his fingers in her cunt, and his tongue probing her ass. She opened to him, daring him to push his tongue past her ring and into her. But Robert was only teasing her. His hands were suddenly both on the globes of her ass, and moving up her sides, his tongue tracing her spine.

Danielle lay on her stomach, Robert on his side, next to her. Gently he kissed her neck and her cheek. She turned her face and their lips met, followed by their tongues, each gently caressing the other. Robert dipped his fingers in the bowl of oil, and once again returned his hand to Danielle's anus, gently probing and lubricating.

"Am I about to be fucked in my ass?"

"No, I just like to play with it. I love the softness, the way you clench and relax around my fingers. I like to play with you there because it is so taboo. But now I want to sit up, and you can face me, straddle me, and put my cock in your cunt." Releasing her, he sat back and upright, waiting for her to climb into his lap.

Facing each other, Danielle lowered herself and took Robert's cock into her eager cunt. Robert continued to caress her back with his right hand, bringing it around to her left breast and then returning to her back. He did not move, and his cock stayed hard, but immobile in her wetness. With his other and, Robert caressed the sides of Danielle's face and her shoulders, staring into her eyes. Occasionally, his hands would join on each of her breasts, pushing her back to strain his cock within her and massaging, gently, aggressively, and gently again her breasts and nipples. 

Taking the back of Danielle's head in his right hand, Robert gently covered her face with tender, soft kisses. Blowing, licking, caressing with his lips. Robert traced Danielle's lips with his tongue, played with her teeth. The tongue that had fucked her pussy and her ass only minutes before, was gently making love to her face and mouth. Danielle rocked upon Robert's cock, eager to stimulate her vagina and clitoris, to relieve the strain of excitement.

"I can't take any more of this Robert. You have got to fuck me now, as hard as you can."

"I don't know how long I can last," said Robert in reply. "I have been aroused for so long."

"It doesn't matter," she replied. "Pound me."

Gently Robert pushed Danielle onto her back, feeling his cock slip out of her. Then he lay upon her. Taking his cock in her hand, Danielle guided it back into her cunt.

Robert reached with his right hand under her buttock, and inserted his two largest fingers into Danielle's ass with one quick motion. And then with his tongue within her mouth, playing with her tongue, Robert began to fuck her every orifice with his tongue, his cock and his fingers.

Danielle clamped Robert tight -- her fingers digging into his back, her knees as high as she could raise them, her calves pressing against Robert's ass. " Don't worry about me -- Just fuck me as hard as you can," she said.

Robert began to move faster, groaning with animal sounds coming from within his throat. He pounded without mercy, the sounds of the slap of their bellies filling the air, their pubic bones hitting with force. Danielle responded, fucking up to meet his thrusts hard, intent upon making this as savage a fuck as she had ever experienced. After an hour of tender pleasure, she wanted both of them to feel the hurt.

Robert's fingers continued to move in and out of her ass in rhythm with his cock in and out of her cunt. The feeling of his fingers and cock fucking her at once, his tongue pushing into her mouth, was the most acute yet erotic violation of her being that she had experienced in her life. She did not know if she would come. She just wanted to hear and feel his release.

Robert's pounding became possessed. He let out something between and cry and a yell as he came, pumping his sperm into her with each thrust until he collapsed upon her, his cock still within her, his fingers jammed to the hilt in her ass.

Lifting his head, Robert looked into Danielle's eyes, then gently kissed her on the lips. "Incredible," was all he said.