 Our (Mine and Bindu's) morning session went well until I heard my Granny's voice. We had to stop ourselves from the most amazing thing life have gifted her that morning. It was like your whole life has become an adventure that you always wanted and were happy with it, But all of a sudden someone wakes you up and make you realize that it was just a dream. And you get annoyed by it. Same thing happened with me. I was on cloud nine that morning but then when i heard my granny's voice all the excitement of the moment was gone out of my reach. I was upset...

Bindu got dressed up and told me to wake up and get ready for the day as we had to go for the meeting of the land sale. I got up from my bed. She was fixing her saree in front of me. She was looking so beautiful. I could not take my eyes of her. I was staring at her, staring at her body, admiring her beauty in my mind.

She looked at me and noticed that I was staring at her all the way. 

"What are you doing?" she asked me.

"Stalking you" I said.

She gave me a naughty blush and left from there. Even I went to get fresh. I had my bath and break fast. 

My mom reminded me of the meeting and told me that it has been scheduled at 1:00 pm. So we had to left home by 12:00 in the noon. We got dressed up. Bindu was wearing a sea green silk saree and i was wearing a white shirt and a deep blue formal pant. We got all ready and left for the meeting. While going there Bindu told me to We reached there and had some discussion about the sale. Negotiations and offers went well. Bindu got the land for a fair price. Both the buyer and the seller were happy with the sale deed. Bindu and the land owner shook their hands and the deal was done. 

After the sale Bindu was so happy. She decided to enjoy the rest of the day at a nearby beach resort in her mind. She did not told me about her plan. 

She asked me, "Can we hang out for the some time?"

She seemed so happy and I did not want to interrupt her joy. So i said okay. I took her to the famous beach which was very close to the location of the meeting. That beach is famous for its beauty and special attraction of tourists. There were many adventure games including quadbike riding, camel safari and para-gliding too! 

But what we did first was to go and have some food to fill our stomach, so that we can have enough energy to enjoy the all the rides and sports. We were having our lunch. While I was still eating Bindu finished her part and went somewhere and came back after about 15 minutes. When she got back I was done with my lunch.

It was around 4:00 pm. We left the restaurant. We tried our hands on the quadbike, enjoyed camel safari. We both thought of a water ride and went for jet-ski ride. It was so much fun to ride the jet ski. But the real fun was the paragliding! 

I asked her about paragliding. Initially she said "no", as she was afraid to do it. But hen I used my convincing skills to convince her and took her with me. 

We went for paragliding. The 'person in charge of the sport' instructed us and tied both of us together with the parachute cables to our back. I was behind Bindu, holding the parachute cable. As the wind started blowing and parachute went up above, Bindu got scared and closed her eyes. She held my arms which were holding the cable. 

I whispered in her ears, "Look Bindu, we are together in the air! Just you and me. Open your eyes and enjoy the paragliding."

Initially she didn't open her eyes but after I insisted she did open her eyes, and after seeing that we were up above again closed her eyes and held me tight again. Now I had to do something by which she would not fear and instead will enjoy the thrilling experience.

I kissed her around her neck, passionately. I took my head as further as possible and kissed on her neck again with more compassion. Then I took my head back. 

As I took it back she turned her neck around and stared into my eyes from the corner of her beautiful eyes. The very next moment our mouths were exploring each others. We kissed for a short instant but it was so amazing. A kiss in the air, which spread love in the air. A kiss which gave Bindu the courage and comfort to relax her mind and enjoy the para-gliding. She did complete paragliding like a brave woman. For me it was like a fantasy come true. Isn't it always nice to do some adventurous thrilling with your partner?

When we landed, she hugged me tight and kissed me. She was so thrilled that her body was shivering. I calmed her down. As she calmed down we started walking on the shore, holding each others hand and our fingers mingled with each other.

While doing all the rides and having fun we did not even had the idea of time. When we were done it was almost 7 pm, sun was about to set, the sky had golden buzz all over the blues, the wind had romance in its every particle, the shore seemed like way to heaven, and waves were showing their affection, their love towards the shore. In short it was just perfect moment for a romantic couple to do romantic things. 

I wanted Bindu that very moment. I wanted to feel her, I wanted to complete the things which were done halfway in the morning, but, we had to leave for home now. We did not had time for ourselves now. Even Bindu was leaving tomorrow afternoon.

I was disappointed with my fait. I was quite upset with thought of 'not having Bindu again'. But I had to deal with it anyhow. 

We were walking towards the resort, where we had parked our activa. But instead of going towards activa Bindu took me towards resort rooms. She took me in a resort room and closed its door. That room was beautiful, candles were lighting the room, an aroma of some beautiful flower was present in the room. It was the most romantic room I had seen in my life. Just like a honeymoon suite. She left me there and went out for five minutes and came back.

I asked her "what are we doing here? We should go home now." 

She replied me, "I am leaving tomorrow, I want my maximum time to spent with you, and to feel you inside me, maybe later we wont even get a chance to do this again. Now that we have time I want to utilize it for the right thing. To spent my night with you, to sleep in your arms and to wake up to you in the morning." 

I could see the spark in her eyes, I could feel my feelings in her words. I was feeling the same thing. I wanted the same thing but I couldn't say it. 

I asked her, "what's going in your mind?" 

She said, "I have booked this rooms for us, to spent the whole night holding each other, kissing each other, and..."

"And what?" I asked.

"And to make love to each other!" 

By saying this she pulled me towards her and kissed me hard, I responded her in a gentle way, but she was on fire. She was almost biting my lips. She pulled her hands over my shoulders and pulled my head towards her. She started pressing her body on mine. I could feel her firm boobs on my chest, her nipples getting harder against my chest. She was getting aroused. She pulled down her hands over my butt. She pulled my butt towards her. My cock was getting harder and was getting rubbed on her pubic area. My cock could feel the heat of her pussy, even when we were fully dressed. 

Now it was out of my control. I wrapped my arms around her. I held her tight. After our long smooch we moved towards our bed. Now it was just two of us and the bed. She pushed me on the bed and came over me. She lying on me smacking kisses all over my face. Those smooches had their impact on me down there. I could not resist, but, I thought to make things slowly happen.

Still she was on me. She took my shirt off and then pants too. I was in my underwear and she could see my flag rising over the horizon saluting. But this time she started teasing me with her moves. I wanted her to give me a blowjob just the way she did in the morning. But she kept me in my underwear. She was just touching my cock over the underwear curtain. But after sometime when I could not resist being untouched I started making moves. 

I took her pallu away when she was sitting on my thighs teasing me. I put my hands on her side neck and moved them down all over her curves. Then i put my hands behind her back and pulled her onto me. I unhooked her blouse from behind. I took it off of her body. Underneath that blouse she was wearing a black bra. I unhooked it too and set her two big milk tanks out . Now they belonged to me. They were specifically created by god just by keeping my choice in his mind.

I took her boobs in both of my hands. I started pressing them. I started squeezing them and made them lactate for me. 

She was moaning loudly with a bit pain and pleasure. I took her big jugs in my mouth and started sucking juices out of it. 

Those boobs were one of the most amazing things my life has ever given to me! 

But for this time I did not only suck them, I started biting her gently, took her nipple in my mouth and stretched them. It was a pleasure to do these kind of things with the woman you have always fantasized about. After my such acts both of us were turned on. Both of us started kissing and biting each other. She bit me on my upper chest. Leaving some scars behind, and I bit her on her right upper chest in the impulse of the moment. These scars were the reminder of our affection and love towards each other. The reminder of our body did met with each other, and explored with each other. The reminder of how much we wanted each other and how much loved each others body!

Now I turned over her. I put my hand inside her saree from her waist and moved it towards her already wet pussy. I started rubbing her clit. With one hand, I was rubbing her clit, and with other, I was squeezing her boob and my mouth was exploring her waist area, all at the same time. I was kissing on her navel, I was squeezing her boob, and I was fingering her pussy. what an amazing feel it was for both us! 

My one hand was inside her saree rubbing her pussy. I could feel the wetness of her pussy. I started inserting my finger in her wet pussy. Bindu was having great pleasure when I was doing this stuff. She was moaning loud. We were in a resort room, not in our home, so we both had freedom to moan as loud as we want and speak whatever we want. Bindu was so turned on that she started verbal sex. She started saying sexy things. Her verbal attack on me made me even more hornier and desirous to fuck her hard.

She was responding to my each and every move both verbally and bodily. I was loving her. I removed her saree and the petticoat underneath the saree too. Now we both were just in underwear. I quickly removed her black panty and make my move towards her pussy. I started kissing on her thighs, moving up towards her pussy. I kissed around her pussy. The aroma of her wet pussy was driving me crazy. That aroma filled in my each and every cell. Pulling out desire of entering my cock into Bindu's pussy in my every damn cell. But as I mentioned, I took it easily. I wanted to taste every bit of her body, to enjoy all the pleasure of having Bindu's body with my hands, mouth, skin and penis.

I put a kiss on her pussy. And then started kissing her clitoris. I started licking it. She was loving it. While I was licking her clitoris, I put my two fingers in her pussy and started finger-fucking her. 

She was moaning, she was jumping her butt and making it even sexier. She was about to had her climax. She gave a loud moan and her juices flowed. Her juices flowed all over my hand and mouth. I licked them and drank all of it, cleaning her pussy with my mouth. Her pussy was damn tasty! No other woman could give me the taste of her pussy. 

Now she held me with her hands and took me up against her lying on her. She kissed me for a long. She started French kiss which I never had experienced before. She put her tongue inside my mouth and started exploring it. So did I. Our tongues met each other. Licked each other. Tasted each other. That was the most beautiful kiss I ever had. We did that for a long time.

Now she made me lie down on the bed and came over me. She took my pants off in a second and smiled naughtily looking at me. She held my already erected penis in her hands. She started stroking it up and down. That woman's touch on my penis was just incredible. It made my dick so damn hard. She took my penis in her mouth and engulfed it fully. She was licking my dick, sucking my dick. She in between was caressing my balls and using her hand to increase the pressure on my dick to make the blowjob even full of pleasure. Her mouth was amazing. This blowjob was even better than the one she gave me in the morning. I was about to cum. I told her that I am going to cum. But she still kept sucking my cock. I finally shot my load in her mouth, and she drank all of it. She again licked my dick and cleaned my dick.

Then she came beside me and we both lie down. 

I asked her, "What will we tell to mother when we go home?"

She replied, "I have managed everything!" 

"How?" I asked.

To which she replied- " Remember when I took you in this room and went out for sometime? I called your mom and told that your activa has some mechanical issues and needs to be changed some parts, we called a mechanic and he said he will repair the vehicle by morning, and unfortunately missed the last bus to the village. So now we had to stay here."

"Your mom said its okay, stay there only dont rush to come home in the night, come by morning."

"Ohh, and what about this room?" I again asked.

"While having our lunch I went to the manager of this resort and booked us this room for a night."

"What? So you made all this plan before?" I was amused by her management skills.

She said , "Yes, when I could not finish my desire to sleep with you fully naked full night doing all the stuff I wanted to do, I had no choice than to make this plan." 

"Oh my god" was all I could say that moment.

"So we have this full night for us, what should we do?" I asked her.

She said, "I want to get fucked by you, whole night, in every position, so that I will remember this night my whole life."

By saying this she came over me and sat on my crouch area. She took my penis in her hand. My penis got erected by her touch and stood rock hard. She inserted my penis in her vagina and started moving her butt. She was riding me and I was responding her like a ride. We were enjoying that position very much. But then after sometime she changed the position. She lied on me holding my dick by her pussy and her boobs on my chest and was kissing me. Now I was stroking from beneath her. She was still moving her butt. This time she tightened her pussy grip on my cock. That felt so good.

We continued in that position for a long time.

Then I came on top of her. I held her legs and pulled them apart. I inserted my dick in her pussy and started fucking her in missionary position. This position gave the best pleasure of all. We were looking at each other. I bent forward and grabbed her boobs in my mouth while I was still stroking her. I was sucking them and was drinking milk from her lactating nipples. I was in love with her boobs. They were mesmerizing and had made me crazy about them. 

After her boobs I moved a bit upside and kissed her. Now I was on full throttle. I was stroking very hard and fast. We both were enjoying that. And we both were about cum. I told her about it, but even she was about had climax so I asked her to go 69 because if I kept cumming in her pussy it could cause her pregnancy trouble. She took my penis in her mouth and took my cum in her mouth. I too drank all of her cum. We both were exhausted by all the action. We lie down and hugged each other. 

That hug was the best place for me to be on the whole earth. It was just amazing to be with her in her arms feeling each other's body with our own. 

After sometime we were again ready for all the action. This time she gave me condoms she bought in the morning when we stopped at a medical shop. I put it on my cock.

That night my cock got no chill. It was not ready to calm down and go down flat. We were sleeping holding each other. I was holding her from back and my hard cock was poking her butt crack from behind. It was entering her crack and was reaching her pussy from behind. I kept my cock steady in between her pussy lips from behind. It automatically entered her pussy. I put my hand on her boobs and started squeezing them and started pounding her pussy from behind. She was moaning with carnal pleasure. She was enjoying my each and every stroke in her pussy. I was fucking her so hard that she started murmuring. She was making noise of ahh, ahhhh, aaahh, oh yeah, yeah yeah yeah, aaaaaahhhhhhh, mmmmm, uuummmmm...

Her sound made that sex even more sexier. That sound increased my stroking intensity. 

After a long time we changed the position. I took her in my lap and put my cock in her pussy and started stroking up and down. That position was so much fun. I grabbed her boobs from behind with my both hand and again started squeezing them. I squeezed her nipple. That feel of her nipple made my cock even hard. My strokes were harder than ever. Those strokes were such hard that Bindu got tears in her eyes. When I was about had my climax I squeezed her boobs so hard that screamed out loud. I had my climax after long sex whereas Bindu already had two climax and still was responding me with same intensity.

After that we both got exhausted and just lie down holding each other. 

After sometime Bindu held my cock again and made it hard erect. We had another round of hot passionate sex that night. 

That night we slept together kissing each other. She was holding my cock all night in her hand and I was sucking her boobs all night feeling each others body.

We woke up in the morning and had another two rounds of goodbye sex as Bindu was leaving the village today afternoon. I took her in my arms and kept her against a wall and started fucking her. We both climaxed. We then dressed up, kissed each other. But that kiss made me aroused. So I pulled her pallu, unhooked her blouse, again undressed her . I took her in my arms. Threw her in bed and started fucking her again. I told her how much I loved to be with her while having sex and told her that I will miss her. She told me that she is going to miss me too other than anyone else. 

When we were done, we dressed up and left for home. That day Bindu left me in the afternoon. And here I was left alone again. 

We used to talk on phone till the next month but it couldn't match the feel of her presence. But still we kept contact. 

Later that month a thing happened by which my whole life got changed. But that will be told in next part. Dont worry, my adventure with Bindu isn't over yet. And please comment down below your thoughts and experiences.