 by Shinzon and Barenecessity

"My office now," he pointed. Rachel hurriedly moved into his office hoping to minimize the raised eyebrows from the secretarial pool. Dan followed, slamming the door shut behind them. 

Before Rachel could utter a single word, he moved towards her, pressing her hard against the large executive desk. His hands immediately slid up under her skirt and along her outer thighs. Flabbergasted by his boldness, Rachel's heart raced wildly. She gasped as he grabbed her moistened panties and pulled them roughly down in one swift motion. 

Rachel struggled, stepping out of her panties hesitantly. She started to protest but was quickly stifled. 

"Shush," Dan commanded sharply. 

A few muffled sounds escaped her lips as his palm clamped firmly across her mouth.

"We've talked, flirted and teased long enough," he added. "We both want and need this."

Riveted by the hunger in his eyes, Rachel nodded her head in affirmation. 

Over the last year, she had watched their relationship grow. She had witnessed this man purposefully destroy her raised barriers, one by one. With patience and subtlety, he had torn her carefully built fortress asunder. At times, Dan's approach had been confusing as it often sent a mixed message; however, today his intentions were unmistakable. He wanted her as his lover.

He had finally made his move. Right now all she could think about was him—nothing else mattered; not his marriage, not their jobs; nothing. She needed him just like she needed air, water, soil and sun. Now their desires would be satisfied together and she desperately wanted that which only he could provide. Instinctively, Rachel's eyes closed halfway as lust began to fill her. 

As he lifted her up onto the desk, she halfheartedly struggled against him, but he was too strong for her. When he pushed her backwards, her skirt rode up high, exposing her glistening pussy lips. He knew she was ready and lowered his head between her legs, licking the full length of her hot throbbing cunt.

Rachel gasped as he inserted one, then two fingers into her vagina. With each stroke, shivers of excitement raced through her body. As his thumb bumped against her clitoris, Rachel thrashed about on the desk. Her moans mounted, growing louder as he vigorously fingered her and aggressively licked and massaged her swollen clit. 

Without warning, Dan stopped abruptly. He took her hand, guiding it to her pussy. 

"Now finish what I started, I want to see you make yourself cum!" he ordered. 

Although she was not a subservient woman by nature, the command demanded her obedience. Still Rachel hesitated. 

"Be quick about it, cause lunch time is almost over," he added.

Ordinarily such a thing would have turned her off but the requester was no ordinary man. There was uniqueness about Dan ... something about him called to her very soul. She didn't quite understand exactly what it was, or why it existed but right there and then she knew she would do anything for him.

Rachel's breathing was more than a little ragged as she watched Dan resting directly in front of her. Tentatively, she started to rub her swollen lips. Her moistened fingers slid easily over her tender and sensitive labia. She was so much in need.

His intense gaze excited her more and more and the scent of her womanhood quickly soon flooded the room. She gasped loudly, letting out an involuntary moan as the sensitivity of her body craved release. Unfortunately, knowing Dan was watching such an intimate act and savouring her discomfort prevented her from realizing a full climax. 

After her breathing slowed, Rachel eased herself from the table. With a grimace of disgust, she slipped her wet panties back on. 

"Well, Miss Hathaway, we certainly have a dilemma don't we? If I let you work in those wet panties you'll surely be distracted all day. I can imagine you squirming from the discomfort and that will never do. I think you should go immediately and take them off."

"Dan ...?"

Flushed with embarrassment at her dismissal, Rachel brushed past him on the way out. Dan caught her by the waist, pulling her tightly against him. As his lips tenderly brushed her neck, she could feel his hardened member press into the small of her back. She moaned softly as he blew his hot breath along the moistened skin. 

His hands roamed upward along her arms. She leaned her head backwards, nuzzling against his chest as he toyed with the straps of her top. Slowly and gently he eased them off her shoulders, exposing her soft full breasts, cupped by a silk mocha-colored Balconette bra.

"Umm, lovely," he moaned into her ear, beholding her beauty. 

He had been away for a few days and missed her immensely. The very sight of her stirred the longings of his heart. He ached to rip the lingerie off and take her there and then. Instead, Dan traced his fingertips along the intricate lace which detailed the cups. He growled deeply as he envisioned himself enjoying her full breasts; his palms running over and under her nipples before caressing them with his fingertips. Damn, he desperately wanted her succulent nipples in his warm mouth. 

"Dan ...," moaned Rachel as his palms brushed lightly over her warm voluptuous skin. 

Rachel's scent mixed with her a hint of light perfume was driving him insane; his senses were on the verge of becoming overloaded. 'With an afternoon full of meetings, now was not the time to lose control,' he thought. Knowing they would demand his immediate attention, he eased himself away from her, and playfully swatted her on the arse.

"Off with you now, I have some work to do this afternoon. Don't forget to take care of your panty problem," Dan chuckled.

"And whose damn fault is that?" Rachel grinned as she adjusted her top. She looked over her right shoulder giving him a pouty look as she headed for the door.

"Oh by the way Miss Hathaway, you'll need to put in a little overtime this evening. My office at 1800 and don't be late!" 

"Yes sir! hmmmm...how long will I be required?" she asked.

"I would estimate that your presence will be required until 2000, give or take."

"Ok, I can book a cab home in advance if you are sure you won't need me beyond that," Rachel replied.

Dan looked up over his glasses at Rachel. 

"Miss Hathaway, I don't like to make a habit of repeating myself. I will need you from 1800-2000. Is that clear?"

Rachel raised an eyebrow, lifting her face, chin jutting defiantly. "Yes, Mr. Reynolds, perfectly clear!"

Whirling on her heels, she exited swiftly. "Bastard!" she muttered barely audibly. "Let's see just how focused and driven he really is."

Her hips swayed gently as she walked slowly and deliberately to her work station. She smiled, knowing he'd get an eyeful as her pencil skirt hugged her hips and buttocks tightly with ever step. As she reached her desk, she was still smarting from Dan's attitude so she turned up the heat a little by bending over real slow, low at the waist, pretending to retrieve something from her handbag.

At 38 she was one of the older members of the support staff, but her well defined assets and natural personality kept her well on the radar of every hot-blooded male in the office. Rachel knew for a fact the deep V split in the back of her skirt acted like a set of runway beacon lights. While others may have been getting a show, her performance was for one man and one man only. As she made a show of rummaging amongst her belongings, she could feel his eyes on the curve of her arse. 

Taking her time, she straightened up and eased seductively into her chair. Using her hips, she swiveled herself into position directly in front of her computer. Rachel smiled as she carefully observed Dan from the corner of her eye. Oh, she had caught and held his attention alright. She smiled to herself as his eyes appraised her from top to bottom, surveying the long dark thick hair framing her freshly tanned face, the curvature of full breasts and her shapely long legs.

She straightened her back, allowing her breasts to swell a little for effect. Deliberately, she met his gaze and slowly but seductively crossed her legs. The sound of her phone ringing broke the interplay between them as she answered the call.

"Mr. Reynolds", Rachel motioned to the receiver, "Your wife is on line 1...."

After a brief conversation with his wife, Dan continued to stare at Rachel, pondering his feelings for her. He had started this now and there was no going back.

Since joining the company a year ago, she had been quite instrumental in helping him get accustomed to this strange but fascinating country. Despite the many similarities between the US and the UK, there were tremendous cultural differences. Fortunately, the company had provided an extremely competent secretary—one who had patiently helped him learn the ropes of the British business culture whilst keeping him from making a total fool of himself. Because of her, he felt more grounded and at peace with his new life.

Rachel's confidence, energy and down to earth mannerisms had impressed him from the start and there was no denying the chemistry between them. Over time, he quickly discovered these things were merely the tip of the iceberg. Underneath the fiercely proud and independent exterior, lay a very sensual woman—a woman he'd come to know, understand and care for quite deeply. Her sexuality called to him, guiding him like a beacon whilst challenging him at the same time. Although her defenses had been quite formidable, he, slowly over time, had penetrated them all. Dan knew she was his for the taking; he sensed it with every fiber of his being. 

*************

That evening Rachel arrived promptly at 1800 as ordered. Her mind raced uncontrollably as she walked into his office. She had waited so long for Dan to make his move, but now she was almost in fear—what had she awakened within. Her heart thumped rapidly as her mind explored the possibilities. 'Was this really a good move to be making in her position?'

"Shut the door Miss Hathaway and pull the blinds on the windows," Dan requested sharply. 

Rachel nervously complied with his instructions and walked slowly over to the mahogany desk.

"Now turn around and let me see if you followed my previous instructions," he commanded. 

"Dan???", she questioned confused. Dan's only response was to motion for her to turn around.

Rachel turned slowly facing away. With her back to her boss, Dan rose from his swivel chair quietly, approaching her like a tiger seeking its prey. As she felt him draw near, she caught a whiff of his cologne. She was unfamiliar with the particular brand, but she loved the blended sleek aromas—masculine but not overdone. Mesmerized by the moment, Rachel flinched as his hands touched her. She inhaled sharply as his strong hands rubbed across her derrière. Satisfied, he turned her around.

"Good, Miss Hathaway, I'm glad to see you can follow orders," he said. "It gives us a foundation to build upon."

Rachel's eyes widened imperceptibly, wondering exactly what that meant.

"I think we have some unfinished business Miss Hathaway," he said. "I didn't quite get my fill earlier. You do realize having an unhappy boss is not in your best interest, don't you?" he chuckled.

By way of response, Rachel merely nodded her head nervously, acknowledging his intent.

"Now before we get started I want your panties," he commanded.

"What?" she questioned, raising her voice audibly.

His intense glare made her rapidly recall his rather harsh admonishment earlier. Reluctantly, she pulled them out of her purse and handed them to him. He quickly brought them to his nostrils and inhaled sharply. 

"Ummm, the musky smell of your pussy juice is invigorating, especially knowing those secretions are a direct result of me." 

Rachel's face reddened. "Dan, what's gotten into you?"

He slipped her panties into his pocket. 

"Now, shall we continue where we left off or would you rather go home?" he questioned.

She retorted, "Like all Americans, too cock sure of yourself!" 

'Stay or run!' thought Rachel. Her pride kicked in and she defiantly headed for the door. 

After two steps in that direction, she felt a strong hand encircle her arm with an ironclad grip. Before she could utter a word in protest, Dan pulled her roughly to him, pressing his lips to hers. Rachel couldn't remember when she had been kissed with such intensity ... such authority ... such desire. She moaned into his mouth as their tongues entwined.

His hands roamed across her blouse, exploring her body as their kisses deepened. Her breathing labored as the buttons of her blouse were hurriedly undone. She sighed loudly as his hands slipped inside, cupping her breasts. The defiance in her eyes rapidly diminished as he caressed her soft skin.

Dan reached behind her to unhook her bra. As her breasts sprang free from their confinement, he promptly seized them. Rachel grasped the edge of desk with both hands trembling as he kneaded her tender flesh. She moaned louder and louder as he tweaked her nipples, rolling them back and forth between his thumbs and fingers, occasionally pinching them.

Dan lowered his head, taking a hardened nipple into his mouth. She arched her back, moaning deeply as he suckled away. Rachel melted into him—it had been so long and she ached to be fucked. 

Rachel's hands ran through Dan's thick wavy hair as he slid a hand under her skirt. His strong hand squeezed her bare arse, before sliding across the back of her thighs. His hands roamed freely over her legs, stroking her inner thighs firmly as he worked his fingers upward. She moaned as his fingers brushed across the folds of her pussy. He fueled her passion as he stroked her outer lips, gently pulling and massaging them. Rachel gasped and looked up into his eyes enthralled by the intense pleasure of his hand. 

"Please, put your fingers inside me," she pleaded.

Dan teased her by dipping the tip of his middle finger inside her, giving her a taste of what was to come. She squirmed against him, trying to get him to go deeper but he controlled her perfectly, giving her what she needed when it suited him. He ran his teeth across her nipple biting her as the first of two fingers slid inside her completely.

"Oh, shit yes!" she moaned.

Dan fingered her hot little pussy hard, getting her more excited by the second. He pulled back from her, placed his hands on her waist and lifted her up onto the desk. He quickly slid her skirt up over her hips, exposing her nakedness.

Dan knelt in front of her, parted her thighs and buried his face between her legs. She squirmed beneath him as he tenderly nibbled on her inner thighs. When his lips finally touched her pussy, she bucked wildly, arching her pelvis upward pressing herself hard against his mouth. Dan hungrily lapped at her juices; his tongue parting and probing.

He masterfully found all the right spots. Rachel eagerly watched as he licked her vaginal opening, running his tongue around the entrance with gentle circular motions. She quivered with need as he ran the flat of his tongue up and down the full length of her inner labia. With each stroke, Dan glazed over her clitoris adding to her intense pleasure. 

Rachel's face flushed as he probed her needy cunt. Waves of pleasure flooded her body as he tongue fucked her. She wrapped her legs around his neck and squeezed tightly driving his hot tongue further into her love tunnel. 

She bit her lip, trying to stifle her moans as his tongue thrust rapidly inside her. But it was a futile effort. 

"Oh god yes," she hissed as he sucked her clit into his mouth.

"Take it ... suck it ... bite it ... use it, you bastard," she panted barely able to speak. 

She thrust her hips uncontrollably as Dan had his way with her. His tongue and fingers drove her closer and closer towards the brink of ecstasy. Her breathing deepened and became ragged as a series of rhythmic contractions began. Her fingers tightened in his hair as her body rode the waves of her orgasm.

"Damn it Dannnnn ... mmmm" 

She held him firmly in place. With the volume of juices flowing from her body, she knew his face must be soaked. Undeterred, he continued to lick her clit gently, flicking his tongue slowly up and down, back and forth whilst his hands quickly undid his belt, unfastened his trousers and unzipped the fly. 

His pants fell downward pooling around his ankles as he rose. Without hesitation, he pulled her close to the desk's edge, parting her thighs in one fluid movement. He swiftly pulled his boxers down freeing his engorged member. Driven by lust, he immediately positioned the tip of his manhood against her slippery slit, coating the head with her wetness. Then he roughly buried himself deep inside her with a single hard thrust. 

"Fuck ...," cried both of them in unison as he filled her.

Dan had not let himself go in a long, long time. Unlike home, there were no artificial boundaries here. He was free to be himself—the need for pretense didn't exist. He growled deeply, knowing his carnal appetite could finally be satisfied. 

"Oh dear god ... fuck me," Rachel screamed out as her body trembled with need. "Use me you bastard, make me yours." 

Rachel's cries and moans were like gasoline to a fire, explosively fueling his desire. He pulled her legs up, resting her ankles onto his shoulders and wrapped his arms around her legs tight as he pounded her savagely. Fully rampant, he stoked the internal fires of her desire, fucking her hard and fast. 

Her contracting muscles squeezed his cock, signaling her impending release. As the shockwaves of pleasure hit, Rachel grabbed his well-defined biceps for support; her body shuddered from the series of violent spasms. 

"I'm cumming ... Dan....ohhhhhhhhhh ...," she cried.

Dan lost all control as her pussy sucked the semen from his balls. His head swam and his eyes rolled back as his cum found its release. He cried out, deep and guttural as he bucked hard against her. His body trembled from the powerful surge; his cock swelled and jerked wildly as his seed jetted forth, spurt after spurt. 

*************

"Shall I talk first, or shall you?" Rachel's voice drifted up as she inclined her head to look at him.

"Humm, why talk when we can do this instead. Dan responded, his breathing still heavy. 

Dan lowered his head and kissed her skin just below her nipples. Soft feather light kisses were followed by long deliberate licks along the bottom edge of her breasts. Rachel sighed as his gentle kisses traveled downward, inching their way toward her belly button. While continuing to kiss her softly, his hands slid under her bent legs, rubbing the soft underside of her buttocks. 

Rachel moaned as his lips found her belly button. She giggled as his tongue played gently with her navel, dancing around the rim before wiggling inside. As he continued to caress her buttocks, his fingers rubbed her inner thighs, crawling closer and closer to her moist centre. 

Dan's senses reeled as he smelled her freshly fucked pussy, tasted the saltiness of her sweaty skin, and felt her respond to his gentle caress. Invigorated by the sensory input, he lowered his head further, opened his mouth and took his first taste of their combined juices.

"Oh god, you dirty sod," gasped Rachel as she watched Dan go down on her. 

"Like licking honey from a pot," he chuckled, licking her thoroughly from her anus to her clit.

Lost in the moment, she threw her head back, closed her eyes and locked her thighs around his head. Her need grew with each caress of his tongue. She cried out in bliss as he applied more pressure, licking, lapping and then swallowing the mixture of their juices. 

"Lick it up baby," she groaned as she spread her legs further giving him full access. "Savour every drop."
