 That morning when she walked through the front door I could see in her eyes everything had changed. She was no longer going to be timid and pull away as we kissed and worry about consequences. She was ready to go full throttle and give in to her desires. 


Of course I attempted small talk as I followed her up my stairs and into the main living quarters. Watching her sweet ass that had the soft bubble swell to it sashay ahead of me. She quickly looked around surveying the room, “Damn you really need a housekeeper,” she grinned, as she took in the disarray that my living room was in. I had piles of folded laundry scattered here and there and a few cups sitting out that hadn’t made it to the dishwasher yet but she didn’t seem to mind. 

We sat down on the couch and she wasted no time, her hand traveled up my thing and immediately she was stroking my rapidly growing erection beneath my running shorts. “Chad,” she whispered into my ear as she nibbled on the lobe, “I don’t want to say a word it might break the mood I’m in.”

I didn’t even utter a reply just pushed her back on the couch and ran my hands through her long hair as I pushed up her shirt and pulled open the cups of her bra enough to get at her breasts. She tilted her head back as I tongued the nipple and then bit down gently at first and then a bit harder. Indeed it was time to show this little girl what she had been missing. While one hand played with her hard nipples and my mouth was busy teasing the other I worked my other hand down the back of her tight jeans to rub her sweet ass. 

“I’m fucking you today my little slut,” I told her as I withdrew my hand and moved it around to unbutton her jeans.

She had this wild look in her eye and started stroking my cock faster as she pulled me around, she didn’t say a word, just pushed my shorts down and engulfed the head of my cock inside her wet lips and swirled her tongue around the tip, lapping away at the precum. 

My hand shot down as I finished undoing her pants and I pushed hard dragging her little thong down with the jeans. As her pubic thatch came into view I saw the little cat she had tattooed right above where there should have been some more hair. She was very ornately shaved and her pussy lips smooth and ready for a good tongue lashing.

I knew she wasn’t really into being tongued but today it didn’t matter, with my cock in her mouth and threatening to work into her throat I was bound and determined to slip my tongue into that wet little snatch that up until now I had only fingered. 

Spreading her legs wide the girl’s little sex lips slowly opened revealing the engorged clit and slick inner lips to me. I leaned down as I pressed my hips closer to her face giving her a full mouthful of cock and let my tongue slide up and down the wet outer lips. Slowly her hips started to move and I reached underneath her and spread her legs wide while driving two fingers into her wet pussy. My tongue ran up and down her slit and then just inside tasting the fragrant sex of my new partner. 

Quickly enough I found her waiting clit and flicked the hoop in my tongue over it again and again as she did her best to bring me off with her fantastic mouth. I wouldn’t last much longer but if I had guessed right she would be cumming right along with me. I drove my tongue inside her again with my fingers, before resuming my assault on her clit. I flicked the swollen love bud back and forth and lapped at it up and down teasing it in every direction I could think of before curling my fingers and finding that sweet spot inside her.

She mumbled something around my cock, and that was when I told her as I looked back. “I’m not pulling away or letting you get my cock out of your mouth until we’ve both cum this way.”

She moaned again sending little vibrations up and down my cock as I tongue fucked and fingered her the best I could while concentrating on the wonderful way she sucked my cock. It didn’t take long after I had spoken to her for her to start clenching those tight inner walls around my fingers as her nails raked down my back. In that instant I helped her finish her orgasm by sucking and biting down on her clit pushing, no vaulting her over that brink that she had carefully teetered on for so long. 

I pulled my mouth away to allow her a moment or two to calm down and then started to slide my legs over the side of the couch. I grabbed her by the hair, never letting her mouth come all the way off my cock and then as she smiled around my prick at her arousal and understanding she tilted her head over the arm of the couch so that I could fuck her mouth deep and fast.

Pumping this way took little effort and as she slid her tongue up and down my shaft one of her hands diddled her little soaked pussy while the other played with my heavy cumfilled sack. I told her I was about to cum and reached down to twist her nipples like I knew she loved and then slid in and out faster. As the cum started to spurt out of my cock she slowly pulled back and opened her mouth, one of her hands wrapped around my shaft as she jerked me off right into her mouth and occasionally causing a few shots to hit her large tits. 

“Fuck me now, honey,” she cooed, as she wiped her mouth with her hand. 

She stood up and bent over the edge of the couch and wiggled her ass back at me. I knew that my cock wasn’t about to go limp and pushed forward. That first instant was filled with wonder as I pushed into her wet waiting pussy. She grunted a little after the head worked its way inside and then shivers went up and down her spine as I drove in to the full length. 

I didn’t give her time to adjust and quickly started fucking this little sex vixen harder as she gripped the edge of the couch in her fists and pushed her tight ass and pussy back at me, taking me to the hilt with every thrust. I fucked her as deep and hard as I could wanting to break this little bitch in two as I claimed her finally. It had been so long in coming that I hadn’t expected her to ever give in but now I was going to give her the fuck of a lifetime so that she wouldn’t soon forget it, and she would be coming back for more. 

I wrapped on hand in her long hair and tugged at her hair as I forcefully fucked her and the other hand came down hard on her ass with a “Thwack!” She quickly jumped and moaned letting me know she liked it as I stuffed her full of my prick. Sweat was running down both our bodies and I knew there was just one position left after a few more hard thrusts and spanks. I slid out of her and took my place on the floor. 

Getting the idea she stood up on her wobbly legs and stepped over me and slid down spreading her pink lips with her hand and letting my cock slide into her depths of pleasure. She took all of my cock inside and started to rock and grind back and forth on my prick. As she did I reached up and tugged on her nipples before leaning forward and kissing her and then pushing her away again so I could bite, lick and suck her hard little erect tips. 

“Oh fuck I’m cumming Chad, please fill me up.”

I didn’t have to be asked twice and as my sweet little slut started to cum, I felt my balls tighten and then start to shoot deep inside her. 

“Yes, honey, god that feels so good,” she cried out.

I couldn’t utter a single syllable besides grunt at this point as I bucked my hips and watched her eyes close as she trembled with pleasure. 

“I take back all I said, you lasted longer than five minutes and damn you were worth it honey,” she whimpered as she finished cumming.

As she dressed she told me to plan on seeing her more often as she would need to feel my hard cock pounding inside her again very soon.