 The Awakening, Chapter 1, Early Years. A young couple begins exploring the boundaries of their sexuality.

May 1998. Their first time.

It was graduation day for Jennifer and Matt. They were thrilled to be out of high school. They met in the parking lot after graduation and made arrangements to go to each other's graduation party. Both families were having graduation parties for their kids at their homes, but also knew that these two, who had been dating for about 6 months, were going to make the obligatory visits to each other's party. The parents had seen how close they had become.

"Finally!" Jennifer exclaimed to Matt. "We are finally out of high school. I thought the last three months were going to last forever!" 

"Well, it's all over now," Matt said as he held his girlfriend tight. He loved the feel of her strong, lithe body. She was about 5' 5" and only 105 pounds. But it was 105 pounds of the great body of a soccer player. She also had "nearly" blonde hair, meaning that she had been blonde most of her young life, but it was darkening just a bit and so she had some lighter highlights put in it. And her eyes! He couldn't get enough of them. It wasn't just the deep blue color, but the way they sparkled just for him. He thought, no, he knew, he was in love with this woman. And they hadn't even had sex yet! He was not a virgin, having had sex a few times with his last girlfriend, but he knew that Jen was. They had not denied themselves access to each other's bodies, but there had been no copulation. They had masturbated each other, and Matt thought that when she gave him a hand job that she almost worshipped his cock. It was just the way she treated it. She didn't just jerk it off, she was almost making love to his cock. She had only gone down on him once and she was still shy about oral sex, but he was not concerned about that. He was in love.

"Yes, it is." Jen said, breaking Matt's reverie. "But the rest of our lives is just beginning. And I can't wait!"

"Yes, I can see that." Matt said, seeing that glorious sparkle in her eyes and getting the feeling that she was ready to jump out of his arms and catapult herself around the school.

"Okay," Jen continued, giving him a quick peck, "I have to go. I'll come to your place at 4 for the afternoon party and then we can both come over to my party at about 8." Jen extricated herself from her boyfriends clutch and started to walk away, but turned just before he started to head to the parking lot. "I have a little surprise for you, too." She gave him a conspiratorial grin and a wink, her eyes sparkling enough to cause a fire in his groin. She turned and walked away.

Matt almost got a hard on just thinking about her surprise. He was sure it was her virginity. They had talked about saving it for after graduation, and it was, well... after graduation. They were both going to the same college, but he wanted her. All of her. He was sure that he could never feel this way about anyone else.

The graduation parties were fun and both had their entire families present at each party. Jen got to Matt's party at about 4:15 and they stayed there enjoying the accolades from his family, and then they got into her car and went to her house and went through the same ritual. Finally, the party started breaking up about midnight and the family members were all departing. Jen and Matt said good-bye to everyone and then Jen said she was going to take Matt home. They got into Jen's car and started toward Matt's house. He wasn't sure what was going to happen. She had not provided any hint of the surprise, but he was patiently waiting. Suddenly, she turned to head out of their small town, in the opposite direction of his house. 

"Where are we going?" he asked, with a smile and fake surprise.

"You'll see," she said.

She drove out of town and turned onto a back farmer's road, one he knew well. It had a row of about 5 weeping willows that kids liked to park under because it hid just about everything from view. She parked and turned to him. 

"I guess you know what your surprise is." Jen said.

"Well... I know what I hope it is."

"What's that?" she asked as she slid right up against him.

"Sex?" he asked, sheepishly.

"Yesss!" she hissed as she reached down and grabbed his cock. It was already hard from just the anticipation. "And I see parts of you are thinking ahead."

" Jen, you know I love you, right?"

She pulled back and little and looked at him seriously. He could just make out the way her eyes searched his in the dark and shadows. "You know, I knew you were in love with me, but that's the first time you've actually said it."

"I know" Matt said quietly. "Are you angry about that?"

"No" Jen kissed him lightly. "But it makes me feel better about giving you my virginity."

"That's not why I said it." He said defensively.

"Whoa. I wasn't making an accusation; just an observation. I was going to give it to you anyway. I love you and I want to get this over with... now. I have to." She started unbuttoning her blouse. Matt watched as she took off her shirt. She didn't have a bra on, her perky little almost B cup breasts coming into view. She then started unzipping her skirt. It was a knee length skirt and it came off easily, but Matt was shocked to see that she had no panties on!

"Jen, where are your panties?"

"I'm going to get fucked tonight. Who needs panties?"

Matt looked up at her a little shocked. She had never used the "f" word that he knew of. 

"Uh, hon, if you are going to fuck me (she drew out the word fuck and emphasized it for his benefit), then you need to take off your pants. "

Matt had them off in about 5 seconds, his shirt took another 3. When undressed he turned toward Jen and starting feeling her tits. They were small, like she was, and just as perky. They had the most fantastic nipples on them. When hard, they were irresistible. He loved to suck on them while he finger-fucked her and he started on that now. He sucked on her right nipple and put his hand down under her to feel that wonderful pussy. She always kept it shaved to a small triangle over the top because of the bathing suit she wore, and he loved just that little bit of pubic hair. He could feel it against his palm as he ran his fingers along her slit, searching for the Promised Land. He felt her grab his dick and it was like an iron bar. 

She loved his body as much as he loved hers. He was the centerfielder for the baseball team and that meant young and healthy and in shape. He was about 5' 11" and 175 pounds, lean and strong, with just enough muscles to be fit, but not muscle-bound. She loved every square inch of his body.

"Mmmm... " Jen moaned. "I love the way you suck on my nipples."

Matt moaned as well. She usually wasn't very vocal during their encounters. This was new and exciting. He continued to run his fingers through her slit, finding her vaginal opening and sticking a finger in. She was already getting wet. He moved his mouth up and they kissed furiously. She was always a fantastic kisser, but she was practically sucking his tongue out of this head! At the same time she was running her hand up and down his dick, feeling the way the circumcised mushroom head bloomed at the top. He was also starting to leak precum.

Finally, she broke off the kiss and said "It's time Matt. I want to be fucked now."

There's that word again, thought Matt. He started to move so that he could get on top of her, but she put a hand on his chest to stop him.

"I think it will work better if you stay there." He sat back and she climbed on his lap. He could feel the heat from her young pussy and her nipples were poking holes into his chest. He grabbed her ass as she got situated.

"Oh, god, Jen, you are so fucking hot!" He used the word fuck himself. It made him hotter. She had a good hold on his dick and was facing him, her knees on the seat either side of him, rubbing it against her pussy.

"I need to get your dick a little lubricated first." she said. "I'm pretty wet, so it won't take long. Mmmm. There it is. Can you feel it?"

Matt looked up at her, completely lust filled and said "Oh, yeah, baby. I can feel it. It feels like you're putting my dick into a furnace."

She smiled. "Okay. I'm going to put it into the entrance, but let me control it at first." Matt just nodded and tried to control his reflex to fuck her. She slid down a couple of inches and Matt felt her pussy lips slide around his cock for the first time. All he could do is moan. She sat there for a second and Matt stared at her eyes. It was dark, but they both stared at the other, knowing that this was a moment to remember. Matt started to say something when suddenly she dropped herself forcibly onto his dick. She yelped and then it was over. She sat there for a second, getting used to the unfamiliar flesh buried deep in her pussy. Matt just stared at her face. 

"Just a minute longer." Jen said. And so they sat like that. Matt stared at her face, feeling his dick buried in that wonderful, hot place, wondering what was going through her mind. He was in heaven as he looked her over; her nipples were so erect and hard and the sweat on her chest and tits was glistening in the small bit of light coming through the windows. And then she started rocking and moving on his dick. He moaned. He was not a virgin, but four fucks do not a master make.

"Oh... my... god!" Jen said. "This is so wonderful. I knew that I would love it and wanted you to do it tonight." She started rocking harder and her breathing increased. Matt moaned again.

"Jen, you are so fantastic." Matt ran his hands over her ass slowly, savoring the feel of those finely muscled, yet smooth cheeks. He ran them up over her chest, feeling those nipples, so hard and delicious.

"Mmmm" was all that she could say. She was rocking her hips pretty well now and Matt knew that he would be coming soon. His dick was throbbing and her cunt was flexing, sucking and pulling at his dick. Finally, he knew that he was moving faster than she was toward orgasm, so he reached down with his right hand, and pushed his thumb down onto her clit. She jerked, rocked harder and shouted "Oh, yes, Matt, right there... you've got it baby... oh, fuck, I'm cummmminnnngggg!" and she jerked once, twice, three times suddenly and then slowed to a steady circular movement of her hips. 

Finally, Matt let loose. "Here it comes, baby. I'm going to cum in you. Oh, yeah... this is it, uugggghhh. Ugggghhh. Oh, fuck!" and he spurted and spurted and his body spasmed as it pumped her young no-longer-virgin pussy full of cum. He pulled her into him to feel the heat of their bodies locked together, her nipples poking him in the chest and her breath on his neck. He looked up at her with a smile, but then got worried. "Wait, should I have cum in you?"

Jen rose up away from him. "Oh, yeah, now you think about that" she giggled and punched him. "Yes, it's fine. My mother and I went to the doctor and I started the pill last month. She wanted me to be protected in college. But our parents are not stupid. I think she knew what was happening because of the timing of my request."

"You know I want us to be together at college, don't you?" Matt said. 

Jen flexed her pussy muscles and squeezed her legs together acting like she was angry. "You'd better not even think about fucking another girl, or you'll lose this precious thing."

"How can I think of fucking another girl when all I can think about is fucking you again... right now!"

Jen laughed. "No way, we both need to get home," she said as she got off his lap. When she got up, cum dripped out of her pussy and onto his dick and legs. She looked down at it and could see even in the semi-darkness that it was tinged with blood. "Be careful. Get some napkins out of the glove compartment to wipe that up. I don't want you going home with blood-stained cum on your underwear. Your Mom will know where it came from in a microsecond."

Matt reached in for the napkins, wiped up the mess, and they dressed to return home. "College is going to be fun," he thought.

Coming next: Part 2. Marriage.