 Hank took the elevator to the lobby and made his way out the front door of his condo building for his morning run. Weather was rarely a factor for him. He ran rain or shine, hot or cold. And in Chicago it got pretty damn cold some winters. But he was determined to maintain the shape the Army had whipped him into. As he ran he thought about Jean and the appetite she seemed to have for anything sexual. Her response to his swatting her on the ass the other day was something he definitely needed to explore more. He also wanted to delve into her fantasies and see how nasty they were. But the more he thought about it, he didn't want them to just become fuck-buddies who holed up in his condo and fucked. He pulled out his phone as he sat down on a park bench to take a breather. 'You coming over today?' he texted Jean. Not even a minute passed before he saw her reply. 'I was planning to. That ok?' 

'Of course. How long can you stay?' he texted back 

'No curfew. I'm taking ed to airport for business trip.' 

'Excellent. C u later. Plan on going out this evening.' 

Jean smiled to herself as she deleted Hank's text and put the phone in her purse. "You almost ready to go?" she yelled up the stairs at her husband. 

"Of course I'm almost ready to go you dumb bitch!" he yelled down at her as he carried his suitcase down the stairs. His words had stopped hurting Jean long ago. She just ignored his verbal abuse. 

"I'll be waiting out in the car . . . asshole." she mumbled the last word under her breath as she turned to walk out the door. It was a beautiful spring morning and she was looking forward to driving to O'Hare with the window down, and then spending the day with Hank. 

Ed threw his suitcase in the trunk and climbed in the passengers seat. Each rode in silence as Jean made her way through the city towards the Kennedy and ultimately the airport. The only words spoken came from Ed whenever he wanted to berate her driving or something else she wasn't doing quite right. Forty minutes later Jean pulled up in front of the departure doors and waited while Ed got his suitcase out of the trunk. Ed said thanks, as if she was just a taxi driver, and turned to walk in the building. 

Jean felt like a giddy school girl again as she pulled away from the airport and headed back to the city and Hank. She was glad to be rid of her abusive husband, and couldn't wait to see her lover. 

"Hey Tom, this is Hank!" Hank called his co-worker after he'd hung up with Jean. 

"Hank! What's going on man?" 

"Nothing big! I was wondering what you and Shannon are doing this evening." 

"We don't have any plans. What were you thinking?" 

"How would you two like to go out to dinner with me and a friend?" Hank smiled to himself as he described Jean as a "friend." But she was. A friend with benefits. 

"That sounds like a great idea! Is this someone you just met? I don't remember you mentioning anyone before?" 

Hank laughed. "No! This is someone I've known for quite sometime. It's Jean." 

Tom was silent for a couple seconds before replying. "You mean Jean your assistant?" 

"Yep! That's the one!" 

"Ok man! I want to hear all about it!" Tom asked excitedly. 

Hank laughed again. "I'll tell you about it tonight. I tell you what. You drive and I'll treat to dinner." 

"Hey! That's an offer I can't turn down." 

"Pick us up at 6:00 at my place. I'll make the reservations." Hank paused for a second. "Have Shannon wear her collar!" 

Tom laughed. "Ok man! Later than man." Tom replied "And I want to hear all about Jean. I'm holding you to that." 



Jean walked through the front door of Hank's condo just as he was stepping out of the shower, after his morning run. "Is that my bitch?" Hank yelled from the bathroom. 

"Yes it is!" Jean yelled back as she threw her purse on the table and began unbuttoning her blouse. 

Hank walked into the living room with a towel wrapped around his waist just as Jean finished taking off her top and bra. He stepped up behind her and wrapped his arms around her, cupping her mammoth tits with his hands. "I missed these juggs! I could play with these cow tits all day!" 

Jean reached around her head and grabbed Hank's head by the hair, pulling it down as he fondled her breasts. Her nipples responded immediately to the pleasure he was giving her. "Why don't you play with them all day. It's Sunday and we don't have anywhere to go." 

"I think I will play with them all day. But we're going out for dinner this evening with Tommy and Shannon." 

Jean got excited. She had known Tommy since he'd started at the Firm. She'd met Shannon several times, and both ladies hit it off immediately. "Oh yeah! I like them. They're good people." 

"Yes they are!" Hank agreed. "We'll have a nice dinner together, then figure out what we want to do for entertainment." 

"Want to go to a movie?" Jean asked naïve as to Hank's intentions. Her nipples now stuck out like two hardened pencil erasers. Hank took both in his hands and began squeezing them between his thumb and index finger. Jean arched her back as the mixture of pain and pleasure coursed through her body like a lightening bolt. "Uuuugggghhhh!" she grunted as he began to exercise control over her body. 

Hank chuckled. "I don't think so. We'll take in a movie sometime soon. Not tonight. I'm thinking tonight we have a little live entertainment.." 

"Oooohhhhh!" Jean moaned as he mauled her tits. "What did you have in mind?" Jean was finding it more difficult to maintain a train of thought. 

Hank nibbled on her ear as he played with her tits. "Mmmm! I was thinking you'd be the entertainment tonight." 

His statement shocked Jean back to reality. Her body tensed. "What!? What do you mean?" 

Hank held her tight so she couldn't turn around. While his right hand continued to play with her tits, he dropped his left between her legs and began playing with her clit, sending a new round of excitement through Jean's body. "Tonight, you're the entertainment. I think Tom and Shannon will enjoy you. Those two like to party. And that's what we're going to have tonight, a party." 

Jean felt her body tensing as she thought about what was going to happen this evening. It was a mixture of fear and excitement. What was Hank going to push her to do. The more she thought about it, her stomach knotted. The thought of behaving like a slut in front of people terrified her. Yet it also excited her in a way she couldn't understand. 

"It's too bad tomorrow's a work day. We could make an all-nighter out of it. Especially since your prick of a husband is gone." Hank grinned to himself as some really devious thoughts came to mind how he was going to push Jean in the next few days while Ed was out of town. 

Jean moaned as her body was manipulated and toyed with. "If I'd have known we were going out this evening I would have brought a few things with me from home I need to get ready with." 

Hank laughed as he continued to play. "How much shit do you ladies need to get ready with?" 

"Hey! You want me looking my best don't you?" Jean asked mockingly. 

"Point taken!" Hank replied. Then a nasty thought came to him. "OK! Get dressed! We'll drive back to your place and get the things you need." Hank walked back into the bedroom to get dressed as Jean put her bra and shirt back on. Hank walked out of the bedroom as Jean was standing by the door ready to go. Thirty minutes later Jean pulled her car into the garage behind the house in North Park. 

Jean went straight to packing all the things she thought she might need for getting ready for an evening out, or in, depending on how you wanted to look at it, as Hank walked around the house looking at all their stuff. He made his way up the stairs to the second floor. There were two bedrooms with a shared bathroom and a master suite. He walked into the master suite just as Jean was throwing the last item into her overnight bag. He walked around silently inspecting everything in the room as he went. He noticed several pictures on dressers and desks of their kids and one of Ed. He picked it up and examined it closely. "I want to know what he's like." He said without taking his gaze off the photo. 

Jean looked at him with a blank look. "Why? You already know what he's like. You saw it at the dinner party." Jean wanted to change the subject and get out of there. "Anyway, I've got what I need. Let's go!" 

"Not so fast!" Hank said as he put the picture down facing the bed. "This where you two sleep?" He asked motioning to the kingsize bed. 

"Yes! Why?" Jean was getting agitated now. 

"When's the last time you two made love?" 

"I don't remember. It's been years. I can't remember the last time he touched me. Why? Why do you want to know all this?" Jean was almost angry. 

Hank walked over to the bed and hopped up on it, sitting back against the headboard. "Because I'm about to fuck you in your marital bed while that prick of a husband watches," he said with a devilish grin on his face. 

Jean's anger immediately melted as she began to smile. All those years of verbal and mental abuse were about to be paid back. They say payback is a bitch. Well this bitch's name was Jean. 

Hank saw the change in her demeanor as his idea took root in her brain. "The first thing you're going to do is give me a slow strip-tease. Then you're going to climb up here and service me like the whore you are." 

Jean's heart began racing as if she'd just run a mile. The excitement inside her building to the point she thought she was going to get sick. She began to unbutton her shirt slowly and seductively, wanting to give Hank the best show she could. 

Hank began talking to Ed as though he was in the room. "Let me tell you prick. Your wife is the best fuck I've ever had. She gives head better than most whores! And those tits! DAMN! Those are cow tits that need to be milked on a daily basis." Jean was getting hotter with every degrading statement made about her. The thought of Ed knowing she was getting fucked and used by another man only made her juices flow like a faucet that couldn't be turned off. 

"Prick," Hank refused to call him by his name, "your wife is now my bitch. She's going to service me as my whore and slut, because that's what she is." 

Jean finished striping as she slid her jeans down her sexy legs and kicked them aside. She stood before Hank naked and excited. 

"Now lift those cow tits of yours and lick the nipples. Suck on them. Show me what a nasty slut you are." Jean did as she was told, her cunt started to throb. She slowly and sensuously licked and sucked on her nipples as she kept her eyes on Hank. He wasn't touching her, yet he was exercising complete control over her desires and body. The slut in her was slowly taking control of her mind and actions. The reality of performing in front of a man with nothing but lust in his eyes for her had Jean aching for more commands. "You like performing for me slut?" he asked. 

"Mmmmmm! Yes!" Jean moaned. 

"You hear that prick! Your wife is not only a slut, but she likes performing for me!" Hank watched her sucking on her tits for a couple minutes before moving on to the next phase of his domination of her. "Keep sucking those tits. Now drop one hand and start playing with your clit. Let's see how a real slut pleasures herself." Jean obeyed as she knew she would be doing from this point on. Hank's domination of her nearing completion. Her breathing became labored as her body responded to the stimulation it was receiving. "Are you enjoying this slut? You like getting yourself off in front of man?" 

Jean groaned her response, "Yes!" 

"You're such a dirty slut! I'll bet you'd love performing in front of an audience, wouldn't you?" Jean just moaned as she pictured a group of men watching her with lust filled eyes as she performed for them. Her body was quickly approaching climax. Hank pushed her one step further. "I'll bet you'd love getting fucked by a group of men, wouldn't you?" 

That scenario pushed Jean over the edge. "NNNNNOOOOOOO!!" She moaned as her orgasm washed over her. "No! No! No!" she chanted as her body shook and convulsed. Her voice denied her desire to experience being fucked by a group of men, while her mind and body said 'YES!' Her knees wanted to buckle as wave after wave of euphoric pleasure wracked her body. 

Hank watched as Jean's orgasm worked its way through her body. As it began to wane, "Get over here slut!" Jean wobbled over to the bed and climbed on. "Undress me!" he ordered her. Jean began unbuttoning his shirt and then his pants. When she had them completely unfastened Hank lifted his hips and allowed her to pull them down his legs and off. "Now show your husband what a cock sucking whore you are!" 

Jean attacked his stiff male meat with the reckless abandon of a nymphomaniac who hadn't had a cock in months. She licked and sucked and slurped the length of his rod, while her hands cupped and massaged his nut sack. Hank smiled with satisfaction as he watched his lover skillfully work his cock with her mouth. "You see what a cock sucking whore your wife is prick? Look at her! She loves it! She can't get enough of it!" Jean found herself getting aroused again as Hank taunted a man who wasn't there. She closed her eyes and imagined Ed sitting there watching the show, unable to do anything about it. She'd been the recipient of his abuse for too long. She wanted to hurt him back. She wanted to make him feel the way he'd made her feel for so many years. 

Hank reached down and grabbed her by the hair. "Alright my big titted slut, climb up here. It's time to empty my balls. I want to fill your cunt with my seed as I'm fucking you in your bed." Jean crawled up his body and positioned her dripping cunt over his stiff member. Hank held it at attention as Jean lowered herself. Hank groaned with satisfaction as Jean squealed with delight as his fuck stick filled her womb. She sat there for several seconds, savoring the feeling of being filled with his cock. Hank knew what she was doing, but didn't want to let her set the pace. 

"Alright bitch! Ride that cock! I want to see those tits bouncing!" 

Jean leaned onto his chest and began a steady humping of his cock, her tits bouncing like two basketballs. The sounds of her sloshing cunt filled the room. Hank smiled up at her. He wasn't done with his taunting and pushing her. "You are a dirty whore, aren't you? You like cock so much you'd do anything for it, wouldn't you?" 

Jean's hair was flailing from side to side, and tits bouncing as her humping intensified. "YYYEEESSS! Anything!" 

"You see this prick?! You see what your wife is doing in your bed?! She's riding my cock like the dirty whore she is! OH SHIT YEAH!" Hank grunted as his orgasm began to explode. "HERE IT COMES SLUT! MILK THAT COCK BABE! MILK IT!" Hank's cock erupted inside Jean. Hank reached up and grabbed her bouncing tits as his cock spewed his seed inside her. Jean's second orgasm slammed into her as the combination of Hank's cock erupting inside her and his hands mauling her tits worked her body. Her cunt squeezed his cock, milking it, sending new waves of pleasure through Hank's body. The two lover's bodies slammed into each other as Jean rode his cock. Both grunted and moaned doing their best to maximize the other's pleasure, as they enjoyed what the other was doing to them. 

As both descended from one of the most intense orgasms either could remember, Jean collapsed onto Hank's chest. Both were panting as they tried to regain their normal breathing. Hank wrapped his arms around her and rolled her over to her side so they were laying on their sides facing each other. He started to caress her face as he looked at her with a tenderness that wasn't there just minutes before. "You're incredible!" he said softly. 

Jean smiled. It had been so long since she'd felt loved and appreciated for who she was and how she could please a man. 

"You're also mine!" Hank added with a smirk. "I think tonight after dinner we'll bring the party here."