 I want to thank those who have sent me their comments and story ideas. It is appreciated. Let me know if you'd like to dialogue on this storyline. 

I especially want to thank my slut and whore, who is the real inspiration for my stories. You are the best!! 

*****

Hank was sitting on his couch with his feet propped up on the coffee table, his laptop on his lap, drinking his morning coffee as he caught up on all the news headlines on the internet. He couldn't help but smile to himself every time he thought about the transformation that had come over Jean the night before as he fucked her for the first time in his office. "Damn that bitch is hot!" he said out loud. He had pushed her harder than any woman he'd ever known, and it seemed like she couldn't get enough. He thought through a number of scenarios that he could push her in, and wondered how she'd react. He was going to tread slowly with his new playmate, not wanting to overstep himself with her. But the more he thought about it, the more he wanted to push her as far as both of them could take it. He wanted to know just how insatiable her sexual appetite was. 

He heard the door to his condo being unlocked and then someone walking in. He chuckled. "Now I wonder who that is?" he asked out loud. 

"Just me!" Jean called out. She walked down the hallway and around the corner to the living room. Once again, Hank was smiling from ear to ear. She really was eye candy. Since it was a Saturday, Jean was wearing a faded pair of Levi's and an old long sleeve denim shirt. 

"Well good morning!" Hank greeted her. "I was wondering if you were going to come over this morning. Especially after last night!" 

"You did say you didn't have any plans for today when you dropped me off last night. Didn't you? Or did I misunderstand you?" 

"No, no! You heard correctly. I don't have any plans. At least not up until about two minutes ago. I think my day just got full." He wanted to further shape his new toy into the ultimate lover and slut. "Here," he patted the seat next to him on the couch, "come sit next to me." Jean walked over to the couch and sat down next to him, curling one leg under her body as she sat. Hank put his arm around her and pulled her to his body, kissing her tenderly. Jean felt like she was melting as he cradled the back of her head with one hand and groped her heaving chest with the other. 

"Now, why are you here?" he asked softly as he caressed her face. 

"I want to be here." Jean replied with trembling voice. 

"Why Jean? Why do you want to be here?" He didn't give her a chance to answer. He kissed her, holding her head tightly as he slowly unbuttoned her shirt. With the button just beneath breasts unfastened, he spread the two pieces of cloth, then traced the outline of the top half of her bra. His fingers danced over the tops of her breasts. Jean shivered. 

"I want to be with you," she moaned. "I want to belong to you. I want you to take me and make me feel the way you did yesterday, last night." 

Hank played with her breasts over her silk bra. "Do you have to be anywhere today?" he asked as his fingers stroked over her hardening nipples. "No!" Jean moaned. "Good! Then we don't have any time constraints. I have all day with you." He chuckled. "I have all day with these!" Hank pulled her to him and kissed her hard. Their tongues danced together as he squeezed and kneaded her breasts. Jean's breathing was slowly becoming more labored as Hank worked her body. After several minutes Hank pushed her away gently with a frustrated look on his face. "OK! Lose the shirt and bra!" Jean slipped both pieces of clothing off her shoulders and laid them aside. Hank stared at her breasts as he commenced playing with them again. He pinched one between his thumb and index finger. He slowly increased pressure on it as he watched Jean's reaction. She bit her lower lip as the pain intensified. 

Hank pulled her to him again and kissed her. Jean squealed into his mouth as his fingers clamped down on her engorged nipple. She had never been into pain as a sexual turn on. She'd read about it enough, but never saw what the attraction was, until now. Hank was mixing painful sensations with intensely erotic ones. He was playing her body like a master violinist. The sensations he was sending though her body were intoxicating to a woman who had all but given up on feeling anything again. Jean gasped for breath. 

Hank backed off, his massive hand kneading her huge jugg. "Too much? Want me to stop?" he whispered. 

Jean groaned with need. "No! Don't stop!" she gasped. Her mind was spinning. Her thoughts and emotions seesawing back and forth between questioning 'what the hell' she was doing here, and not wanting it to end. 'I'm a 45 year old paralegal at a respectable law firm, letting a man ten years my junior do this to me!' her brain screamed. 'What the fuck am I doing here?' Hank dropped his head and sucked her throbbing nipple into his mouth, bathing it with his tongue and lips. Jean whimpered as the pain ceased and the pleasure took over. She wrapped her hands around his head, pulling him into her chest. 'I'm losing myself to this man. It's like he knows exactly what I need. If I don't make him stop now, I may never be able to,' she thought. 

Jean pulled his head off her chest as she gasped, "You have to stop! Please! No more!" 

Hank looked at her knowing that's not what she really wanted. "Is that what you really want Jean. If it is, I'll stop!" He sat silently as Jean came to grips with what she really wanted. "Is that what you want? You want me to stop?" He stroked her tit as he waited for her answer. His hand drawn to her flesh like a magnet. 

"I don't know what I want!" Jean whimpered almost crying. Her mind was screaming no as her body was craving more. Never had a man made her feel the way Hank did. 

"I think you do! You just can't bring yourself to admit it! What are you afraid of?" 

Jean stared at him in silence, not knowing what to say. She was afraid. Afraid of losing all control. Afraid of trusting him. But more than anything, she was afraid of herself and her own appetites. Hank was awakening something in her that she was afraid would consume her. A yearning, a hunger, a craving so deep that if left unchecked could redefine who she was as a woman. 

Hank watched, seeing the struggle in her eyes. Knowing he was walking a fine line. She needed to be pushed, dominated, taken control of. She just didn't know it yet. Jean was a submissive. She'd just never met the man, till Hank, who could dominate and control her in such a way she could completely give herself to. "Stand up!" Hank commanded her. Jean stood, not knowing what else to do. "Now take your jeans off! All of it!" Jean did as she was told, as though under some kind of spell. Hank's commanding presence and words caused Jean to shake in anticipation of what he was going to do to her. Her hands shook as they unsnapped her jeans and slid them down her legs along with her panties. 

Jean stood before him naked. "Turn around!" he commanded her. She felt like a piece of meat as she turned around, allowing Hank to inspect every part of her body. "You really are a gorgeous creature!" he praised her. His words were a soothing balm to her damage soul and self-image. She drank them in like a woman dying of thirst. Hank stood up. "Now sit back down on the couch!" Jean sank into the couch as Hank sank to the floor on his knees between her spread legs. Hank grabbed her by the ankles and lifted her legs, spreading them as wide as his reach would permit. Her pussy glistened from the juices that were flowing freely. His hands slid down her calves till they were behind her knees. He pushed them till they were almost touching her chest. "Hold these!" he told her. Jean wrapped her arms around her knees and held them as ordered. "Now I'm going to make you glad you came over today." 

Hank dropped his head and sucked her clit and pussy lips into his mouth. His teeth nibbled on her tender flesh as his tongue stroked it. Jean squealed with delight. It felt like an electric jolt coursed through her body as Hank's mouth worked its magic. Jean began to grunt and gasp as Hank alternated between sucking on her clit and fucking her cunt with his tongue. Her orgasm was building quickly. Jean's body began to spasm as Hank's tongue hit a nerve. Hank reached up and began to maul her heaving tits, pinching the nipples mercilessly. 

"Ooohhh! Don't stop! Don't stop!" Jean begged panting. Hank sensed her impending orgasm. His fingers clamped down on her swollen nipples while his mouth clamped down on her clit. "AAAAEEEEAAAAAHHHH!" Jean's body bucked up off the couch as she tried to shove more of her cunt into Hank's sucking mouth. Hank kept his mouth fastened to her gushing cunt as he sucked her through her orgasm. Jean lost all sense of modesty and control. Hank was driving her body in a way no man had ever driven it before. She was losing the battle of wills, and she didn't care. 

Hank continued his assault on her pussy. He knew what she needed. He knew what she wanted. And he knew what she was struggling with. He wanted to give her something to think about every time she questioned what she was doing and why she was doing it. Before he relented, her pussy was going to be a throbbing piece of raw meat, and it was going to belong to him. After her second orgasm he slipped two of his fingers inside her cunt and began a slow finger fucking. Jean's moans slowly morphed into a groan that sounded more like an animal in pain, then a woman being pleasured out of her mind. Hank smiled to himself as he lapped up her juices and sucked on her engorged clit. 'She sounds like just what she's become - a bitch in heat,' he thought to himself. 'I'm going to make this bitch mine!' 

Every muscle in Jean's body was cramping as Hank drove her from one orgasm to another. She lost track of how many times Hank pushed her over the edge. Or was it one long orgasm? She didn't know, and didn't care. This is what she'd fantasized about for too long. Now it was becoming reality. And the intensity of the moment was far greater than anything she'd thought possible. She was being reduced to a mass of impulses and feelings. Her verbal responses varied from squeals, to moans, to grunts, to screams, to panting like a bitch. Every time Hank did something different, Jean was sent over the edge of orgasmic release. 

At some point, Hank had lost track of time, he decided it was time to give her ass some attention. He slid his soaked middle finger out of her cunt and shoved it up her ass without any hesitation. Jean's grunt at the invasion of her ass was so guttural, Hank thought she was going to puke all over him. But instead, it only pushed her body towards another orgasm. Her body and mind were now completely lost to the man who pushing her like never before. Hank began a steady finger fucking of her ass and cunt at the same time. Jean's body shook and convulsed as her ass and cunt were stuffed. "AAAEEEAAAHHHH! PLEASE DON'T STOP!" Jean screamed, her words coming in between gasps. "PLEASE DON'T! PLEASE DON'T!" Her mind was in a sexual fog. She didn't know what she was asking or pleading for. Hank couldn't remember the last time he'd had this much fun. As far as he was concerned, there was nothing more erotic than listening to a woman in the throws of sexual bliss. 

Jean finally reached the breaking point. Hank had been eating her pussy for over an hour. The pleasure had become so intense, and had lasted for so long, her cunt was now throbbing in pain. Her grunts and screams diminished to a whimper as her body convulsed uncontrollably. "Oh please!" she almost cried. "Please no more! UGH! UGH! Please! I can't . . UGH . . take . . . UGH . . . anymore! UGH! Oh please!" 

Hank lifted his head from between her legs. His face glistened with a coating of her juices. He thought he must have swallowed a gallon of her sweet nectar. He continued to pound her ass and cunt with his fingers. "I'll decide when it's enough! Do you understand?" 

"Yes!" Jean gasped as her body continued to shake. 

"You belong to me now! I'll take you whenever I want, however I want, as long as I want! Got it!" 

"Yes! Oh yes!" Jean moaned as she felt Hank's words taking control of her mind in the same way his mouth and hands had taken control of her body. 

"Do you know what that makes you?" Hank wanted her to verbalize what she knew to be true. 

"Your slut! Your whore!" Jean moaned. 

Hank smiled. "That's right my sweet bitch. You're my slut and whore, and anything else I want you to be." 

"I'll be anything you want me to be!" Jean almost screamed. "Anything!" 

Hank's grin stretched from ear to ear as he saddled up between her legs. He held his cock at the opening to her gushing cunt, then grabbed her legs in each hand spreading them wide. With one hard thrust he shoved his cock into her fuck canal. Once again Jean screamed in ecstasy as her body was filled with his male meat. Hank pounded her pussy knowing his orgasm was only moments away. He had become so worked up from listening to her for the last hour, he knew his orgasm would come quickly. 'But that's alright,' he thought. 'I've got her all day.' With every inward thrust of his cock Jean grunted, her own body being driven one more time to release. "Here it comes babe! I'm gonna fill your slutty cunt!" 

Jean was beside herself. A new woman spoke. A woman she didn't recognize. "Fuck me baby! Fuck your sluts pussy! Fill me! Fuck me! Give it to me!" 

Hank slammed into her body as his cock erupted inside her. "UGH! UGH! UGH!" he grunted with every thrust. Jean felt his warm seed filling her womb and oozing out around his cock and down the crack in her ass. This is what she'd always longed for. To be taken and used by a man that she could give herself to completely. Hank had not just met a sexual need within her. He'd met an emotional need too. Jean knew now where she belonged, and who she belonged to. Hank emptied himself inside her as the two lovers stared at each other. This wasn't just a fuck. He was sealing the deal. She belonged to him now. 

Hank collapsed on top of Jean's shaking body. Jean wrapped her sore legs around his waist. The two wrapped their arms around each other and held tight as both tried to regain their composure and bring their breathing under control. After several minutes, Hank lifted himself and looked down at her. "I meant what I said," he spoke softly. "You belong to me now." 

Jean looked up at him and purred like a well satisfied kitten. "I know! I meant what I said to. I'm looking forward to being your whore and slut!" 

Hank kissed her. "Good! New rule! From now on when you're in my condo, you'll go topless." He stroked her tits. "These jewels were meant to be seen and played with." He stood up, grabbed one of her legs and lifted it, exposing her ass. He smacked it hard. "Now get up and get dressed! Let's go get something to eat. Then we'll do a little shopping." Jean jumped slightly, biting her lower lip, as her ass was smacked. The look on her face spoke volumes to Hank. "You like it when I spank you?" he asked. 

Jean just shook her head as she mumbled, "yes," almost ashamed to admit it. 

"Interesting!" was all Hank said. He filed her response away in his brain for future reference. "Get dressed." He bent over and picked up her panties and bra. "You won't be wearing these today," he said as he carried them into the bedroom. 

They went to one of the local mom&pop restaurants where Hank had eaten many times before. It was late in the morning, but they were still serving breakfast. Jean had never felt so self-conscious, and yet so excited, as she did when she walked into the place. Her tits bounced with every step. Her nipples were poking through the thin material of her denim shirt. And her pussy was leaking and she couldn't' stop it. She looked around with every step wondering who was staring at her. The reality was, most of the folks were to engrossed in their meal or conversation, and didn't even notice them walk in. A couple of men acknowledged her as they followed the hostess to their table. She had a sensuous beauty that most men couldn't help but acknowledge. 

The hostess seated them in their booth, across from each other. Hank smiled as he looked across and saw her two nipples poking through her shirt, like two large nails trying to punch through. "Feeling ok?" he asked tauntingly. 

"I feel great! I've never felt better!" All this was new territory for Jean. But she'd never felt as alive as she did at that moment. 

"Good! Unbutton the shirt!" 

Jean's facial expression went from contentment to shock in a split second. "What!?" 

"You heard me! Unbutton the shirt!" 

"But . . but . . there are people all around!" Jean looked around the restaurant. "And that guy over there keeps staring at me!" 

Hank turned his head to see who she was referring to. He acknowledged him with a nod of his head. He turned back to Jean. "He just knows a good looking slut when he sees one. Now, start unbuttoning the shirt. One button at a time. Slowly. I'll tell you when to stop." 

"You want me to give him a show! Is that it?" Jean said with a little defiance. 

Hank decided to play the game. He looked at her with a serious expression. "Have you already forgotten what you agreed to? I'm not going to make you do anything. Do you now want to be my slut and whore?" 

"Yes, I do!" Jean responded timidly. Her defiance draining as Hank's voice took command of her. 

"Then unbutton the shirt! You're giving me a show. Not that asshole sitting over there. Now if he wants to enjoy looking at what belongs to me, well I can't fault him for that. And maybe someday I'll have a guy like that come over and let him play with you. But not today!" 

Jean's hands trembled as she unbuttoned the top button of her shirt. She could see the eyes of the guy across the restaurant widening like two huge saucers. "One more!" Hank commanded. Jean complied. "Another!" Jean's heart was beating so hard now, she felt like it would burst through her chest. Her shirt was now opened enough to show ample cleavage, her huge tits pushing the material apart. "That's enough!" Hank relented. "Like I said, those things were meant to be displayed and enjoyed. Now I'll enjoy my breakfast even more." 

Jean's exposed tit flesh was not lost on the waitress when she brought their meals to them. After serving them their plates and refilling Hank's coffee, "Can I get you anything else hon?" she asked with a smile. 

Hank just looked up and returned her smile. "No! I'm good. I've got everything I need!" Jean blushed knowing she was the object of their short conversation. 

The waitress looked over at Jean. "Yeah hon, it looks like you do. I'll check back on you two later." 

Hank contemplated what to make of Jean's response to his spanking her ass before they left his condo as he ate his breakfast. He'd never been into BDSM. He was very familiar with it, having known a few guys since high school who were into that lifestyle. But it had never been something that interested him. Now Jean's response got him thinking about the possibilities of where this could go. 

They finished breakfast and got up to leave. "Let's go shopping!" Hank said. 

Jean chuckled. "That sounds funny coming from you. You don't seem the type of man that enjoys shopping." 

Hank laughed. "I'm not. I hate it! But what we'll be shopping for will make it worth it. Let's get you some clothes you can keep at my place. We'll hit a couple of department stores first, then we'll run by Victoria's Secret for the essentials. Sound like fun?" 

"Oh yeah!" Jean grinned as she wrapped her arm inside Hank's as they walked toward his car. 

The rest of the afternoon was spent going from one department store to another. Hank had never had so much fun spending money for women's clothing before. Jean bought several dresses that ranged from very elegant to downright slutty. Everything she bought was first modeled for Hank in store. Jean looked good in everything she put on. Hank's lust for his lover had been satisfied before they left the condo that morning. But as the day progressed he felt his hunger for her intensifying again. Every time she walked out of the dressing room with a different dress or outfit on he wanted to take her right there. 
