 Chapter 4, Expanding Horizons.

The next day after their first encounter was Saturday and when they were both awake, Jen decided to discuss their previous day's escapades.

"So what about yesterday did you enjoy the most?" she asked Matt, propping herself up on an elbow.

Matt looked at her, briefly wondering how honest he could really be. Since she had been so open, he decided not to withhold anything. He sat up.

"I loved all of it. You know I love you and your body. However, when you started saying 'Master' and acting submissive, I almost couldn't stand it. That made me so horny. I got hard within minutes of my previous orgasm. I don't think I've ever had three orgasms in about an hour. What about you?"

"Well, both my pussy and ass are a little sore, but I too, was really turned on by acting submissive. Once I gave in to you taking pictures of me, I realized that I really enjoyed it. I wanted you to give orders and make me push the limits of my sexuality. When you pushed your finger into my ass, my body reacted like you were throwing gasoline on my sexual fire. And when I came... oh, God, I thought I would never stop spasming. I wanted it to go on and on. I wanted you to make me do anything you wanted."

"Anything?" Matt teased.

"Well... just about anything." Jen hesitated. "I'm not sure what my limits are when it comes to that. That was our first time, and I think we need to explore some of that before I know. Is there something in particular that you want to try?" She smirked and sat up, the covers and sheet sliding down to expose her gorgeous breasts.

"I hadn't thought of anything new. I was just wondering if anything else in the movie turned you on." Matt reached over and lightly tweaked a nipple.

Jen blushed a little. She was almost afraid to say it, but she really wanted to, and she could actually feel her sexual side heat up with the thought and Matt's caresses. "Actually... I was turned on by a couple of things. I was turned on by the anal sex in the first scene and the use of the toys and the public display of a woman in the second scene."

Matt's eyes widened. "Public display? Toys? Really? I never thought that you would like that. I'm not sure I like the idea of sharing any part of you with anyone. I'd have to think about that one. As far as the anal sex and the toys, well... I loved it yesterday when I was able to put my finger in your ass." He stroked her breast some more. "And I wouldn't mind trying it anytime... anywhere."

"Hold on, Romeo." Jen responded. Her body was heating up, but she was not sure her sore areas were ready for that. "I'm a little sore and not sure I'm ready for that right now."

Matt hesitated. What the hell, he thought. He leaned closer to Jen and in a harsh whisper said, "Listen up, my little ass-fucking slave. I want you to get down there and suck my dick until it's hard and then you're going to bend over and offer me your little virgin asshole, got it?"

Jen blinked. She looked at Matt. She was unsure, but her body was telling her otherwise. She was getting wet and her right hand had automatically moved toward her pussy. She looked at him for a couple more seconds and realized that this is what she wanted. The game was on!

"Yes, master." was her response.

She yanked the covers back. Matt's dick looked like it wasn't going to need much assistance. It was approaching full hardness now.

This time when Jen got down to Matt's dick she studied it more closely than ever before. She checked out the large vein running down the side. She looked at how the circumcision had left him with a large mushroom head that blossomed at the top. His dick had a great upwards curvature, too. She knew that when they were in the missionary position it seemed to hit her g-spot perfectly. She licked slowly around that mushroom head and heard Matt groan. Then he started giving directions like he had never done before and Jen tried to follow each one.

"That's it, baby, run your tongue slowly around the head. Mmmm. Now suck on it a little. Oh, yeah. Now run your tongue down the underside and lick my balls. Oh, yes, you are such a good little cocksucker. I don't think I want that sore ass right now, I just want to cum in your pretty little mouth."

Jen moaned and increased her effort to get him to cum.

Matt stared down at his beautiful wife sucking his dick. Her back and ass were visible to him, and he could see his dick disappearing into that wonderful, furnace of a mouth. He knew he was going to cum.

"Here I come, baby. Get ready for a large load." Matt was starting to jerk his hips in order to reach his orgasm and Jen complied by sucking on the head, running her tongue around the crown and jacking off his dick on the bottom with her hand. "Oh, fuck, here it is!" Matt yelled.

Jen held still, holding his cock about two inches into her mouth as he jerked and spewed cum into her mouth. She greedily swallowed it, deciding that there was nothing more delicious than taking the cum of your lover. She kept it up until Matt relaxed and then she let him pop from her mouth.

"Oh my God, Jen, you are a wonderful cocksucker!" Matt said.

Jen smiled. "Evidently. I enjoyed being your "cum bucket" this morning. Now let's get up, because I need something else for breakfast, too."

Later that day, while Matt was visiting a friend to watch some sporting event (there was always another one to be viewed), Jen was sitting at a table with a new friend of hers from the neighborhood. They had gotten to know each other a little, and now this woman, Joanna, was telling her a little more about her sex life with a previous boyfriend than she was comfortable hearing. TMI! 

"How about something else to drink" Jen offered.

"Ummm. I could use a little something stronger." Jo said.

Jen got up and was fixing another drink when Jo noticed the DVD case from the porn movie laying on the counter, where she and Matt had accidentally left it in plain view.

"Oh my god!" Jo said. "Are you into this stuff, too?"

Jen froze. Oh, shit! Jo found that nasty DVD! At first, Jen tried to play it down.

"No, but Matt found it interesting to watch after seeing some of it at a friend's poker game." And as she was saying it, her mind was finally registering what Jo had said... "too?", meaning are you also into this stuff?

"But apparently you are, aren't you Jo?" Jen said it a little suggestively.

"Well, okay," Jo admitted, "my last boyfriend and I tried it a little."

Jen continued her questioning. "So, you tried it 'a little'. Did he just dominate you, or also do some public exposure and domination? Did you enjoy being exposed by him? Was it always just you two?"

Jo looked at Jen sheepishly, blushed, and admitted, "I loved it. I couldn't really explain it to you, but I was so turned on! It was mostly just the two of us, although one time he had someone else help him. Why?" she asked with a sly smile. 

Jen grinned greedily. She thought they both knew where this was going. "Stand up, take off all your clothes and walk past my front windows." She said it in a firm, but calm voice.

Jo stared at her. She was shocked, but she knew she was being reeled in and would comply eventually. She really loved to display her body, but she continued to stare at Jen until Jen stood up and held out her hand. Jo stood up and Jen started unbuttoning her blouse. 

"C'mon. You know what to do." Jen said.

She did, so Jo slowly took off all her clothes until she was buck naked. Jen looked at her to appraise her physical appearance while she turned and walked into the living room and past the front windows. There was no one outside at that moment, but it was the anticipation and possibility that was making Jo wet and Jen could see that. Jo was about 5' 1", 105 pounds, jet black hair, pale skin, and big brown eyes. As she walked her tight little ass looked very cute and firm.

"She can probably get any man she wants." Jen thought. Her body was well proportioned. She had B-cup tits, small waist, and that beautiful ass. "Probably better than mine."

When Jo returned to the kitchen, Jen had picked up Jo's clothes and was holding them. Jo put out her hands for them but Jen said, "Not yet. I think we should sit here and enjoy our drinks a little longer, don't you?"

Jo stared for a second and then tried to reach for her clothes again. Jen slapped her hand. "Sit down Jo, and don't reach for your clothes again until I tell you, got it!"

"Okay" Jo said softly, enjoying the forcefulness. She loved being ordered around during sex.

"What?!" Jen said quickly. "What did you say? What are you going to call me?"

"Mistress?" Jo asked quietly, not sure if that was where Jen was going. She just knew that she was extremely turned on. She was not sure that Jen meant anything sexual, but Jo had had plenty of experiences with both men and women and Jen was pretty hot. She wouldn't mind a little attention from her.

"That's right. Now sit down while I get us some more to drink." Jen put the clothes on the table as a test to see if Jo would leave them there. She started making some mixed drinks and glanced back and Jo was watching her closely, but was not reaching for her clothes.

Jen returned with her glass and looked at Jo. She had her legs crossed. Her nipples were very hard. "Are you turned on by all this?" she asked.

"Very much, Mistress."

"Show me how much" Jen responded.

Jo looked at her for a moment and then opened her legs. Okay, she thought, let's do this! She put the foot of her nearest leg up on the table and left the other on the floor. She spread her legs as far apart as she could and ran her fingers through her gash. It was soaking. She held up her fingers to show Jen. 

Jen stared at Jo. She noticed that Jo seemed very relaxed and was obviously enjoying this. Jo's pussy was pretty well shaven except for a small arrow above it, which pointed directly to the "spot". It was splayed open, revealing the inner lips, already glistening and ready for action. Even her clit was starting to make an appearance. And her nipples were so hard they were ready to cut glass.

"Lick them clean." said Jen.

Jo did, savoring them, making a big production out of slowly cleaning them.

Jen stared. Jo was teasing her back, and she liked it. She was getting really turned on by the rude display of Jo's pussy and the way she was licking her fingers.

"Put your fingers back in your pussy." Jen commanded. Jo complied immediately so Jen then said. "Take them out. I want to taste them." Jo smiled, hoping that this is what Jen meant. Jen, on the other hand, was not sure how far she wanted this to go, but she was enjoying ordering Jo around as much as she enjoyed her husband doing this to her. Damn! She was also horny from this morning when she blew Matt, but didn't get to cum herself.

Jen sampled Jo's pussy juices from her fingers. It not only tasted good, but the feeling she got from sucking another woman's pussy juices off her fingers while ordering her around was making her wet. It was part of the "forbidden fruit" of her upbringing, and she felt mischievous and devious and fucking horny doing it. 

Jen finished licking Jo's fingers clean and said to her, "Okay, slut, follow me." She led her new slave into the den where she sat on the couch. "Kneel in front of me with your ass up in the air. Put your head on the floor and stay there. I want your ass pointed towards me." Jo complied immediately, looking like she loved every minute of it. Jen looked at Jo's beautiful pussy and ass. It really was quite a turn on. She knew right then that she was going to really enjoy this. First, some toys.

Jen went back into the kitchen trying to decide what would work as toys right away. She finally opened the fridge. She took out a cucumber and a carrot, and then rummaged around in a drawer and found a black magic marker. She went back into the Den and Jo was still kneeling there. Jen sat down and looked at her ass again. How far did she want this to go? She had never done anything like this, but the video she had watched a little further on the DVD where a woman had trained a slave to service her husband was intriguing. Did she have the desire to have Matt fuck another woman? What about the woman's ass? She was not sure that she wanted her ass fucked, but maybe it would be fun to guide Matt's dick into this little beauty's ass in front of her instead.

Jo grabbed the remote and turned on the TV. She knew that Matt and his friends would be watching the local team on ESPN. She turned to that channel to see that it was in the fourth quarter, but there was a lot of time left. She wanted to think about this before Matt came home.

Coming next: Chapter 5. Jen Trains Jo. How far will they go?