 As Lisa and I were discussing the weekend plans, we noticed that John and Laura were now ahead of us by a good distance and we could see that they were hugging.

We approached them but watched from afar.

John's hands were all over Laura and we could see John's cock was nice and hard. Laura was all over John and we could see her playing with his cock.

Laura got on her knees and started sucking John's cock.

Lisa and I looked at each and had the same thought, that this was going to a great weekend.

We decided to approach the two lovers and gave them a round of applause. 

Laura must have finished John off successfully because I saw a trace of cum on her tit.

John looked at us and said to Laura, "You are a terrific woman and your husband is lucky to have you."

With that, we all headed back to our cars and Laura and I followed them back to their house.

Lisa gave Laura the grand tour and came back to me and John in the family room. By the time they came back, John and I were nude with hard cocks as we were playing with each other, which the women saw.

The women laughed and said they would be right back and left.

It was quite awhile and the women did not come back. John and I went searching for them and found the two of them on the bed in the guest room. Laura was on top of Lisa and they were grinding their pussies together and kissing.

"Ahem" John said, "You ladies having fun?"

Lisa looked up and told us to get lost. John and I went downstairs.

John asked me if I wanted to go to the hot tub and I quickly said ok, and off we went.

We got into the hot tub and settled in next to each other. We talked about Laura and that she was his and Lisa's for the weekend. It was then that John moved his hand to my cock.

As he played with my cock and balls, I spread my legs for him. He motioned me to get out and he followed. Once we were out, he told me to lay down and he then got into 69 and we sucked each other off until we both shot our cum.

The girls finally came down and both were glowing. 

We all had drinks and I asked who would like to fuck my whore wife first. John said he would like to do her. 

We went inside and went into another bedroom that looked like a mini pleasure chamber, with chains, cuffs, whips, nipple clamps and all sorts of erotic toys, as well as video equipment.

John told Laura to get on the bed. In the meantime Lisa started video taping the happenings.

John asked me to tie Laura's ankles and wrists up to the bed frame and then sit back and enjoy the show.

I did as I was told. Laura was squirming a bit. Her legs were spread wide with her arms outstretched above her head.

John hovered over Laura, his cock getting rigid with precum visible. He got on the bed with her and asked Lisa to get the nipple clamps.

John took the nipple clamps and placed them on Laura's erect nipples. As he did, she let out a yelp. Then he asked for the largest dildo they had, which was as round as a 1 litre bottle.

John asked Laura if she wanted the dildo inside her cunt. She looked at me and I nodded yes. Laura told John she wanted him to stick it into her cunt.

Laura's cunt was already wet and John had no problem inserting it in her cunt. Soon, the dildo filled Laura's cunt. Then John told Lisa to fuck her with it. Lisa came over and started to fuck my wife with the dildo.

Laura started to raise her hips and body off the bed. She was fucking the dildo now and moaning in pleasure. 

"Fuck me harder, you bitch" she said to Lisa. As Lisa was pumping my wife, John moved his cock to Laura's mouth and told her to suck his cock.

It was a glorious sight watching them having their way with my whore wife.

Then it happened, Laura started screaming she was cumming and to ram the dildo in her harder and faster. As Lisa did that, John shot his cum all over Laura. Then Laura yelled she was cumming, and that she did. Her body was jumping off the bed in ecstasy and lasted for almost five minutes before it subsided.

Laura fell asleep still tied with her legs spread and the dildo still inside her cunt.

We left Laura to rest and went to their bedroom.

Lisa got on the bed and John and I joined her. We placed Lisa in the middle and we each took turns fucking Lisa, which we did for a couple of hours.

By that time, we went to Laura and released her from her restraints. John's cum clearly visible all over my wife's body.

It was late and we decided to call it a night. We all needed some sleep as tomorrow would be just as exciting.

Look for the final part IV of the Awakening.