 Hank and Jean dressed for work the next morning. Now that they were living together Hank decided it would be good to establish some guidelines for Jean's conduct and attire. She'd already given him a morning blow-job, and was told as she was doing so that this would be a morning ritual unless she was told otherwise. She was also informed that she would never be wearing panties again, to the office or anywhere else. As Hank told her, "This is my pussy now. I want to be able to play with it whenever I want." Jean slipped a low-cut beige lace bra on that barely supported her enormous jugs. Another guideline from Hank. She would wear some type of sexy bra under her conservative work clothes for the office whenever he wanted her to. And today was one of those days. 

Jean looked at herself in the mirror as she finished putting on her earrings and made those final touches of make-up. She looked good and she knew it. She was wearing a cream colored button up blouse, that she kept buttoned completely unless told otherwise by Hank, a beige skirt that buttoned up the front, that went down to just below her knees, and a blazer to give her a very professional look. 

She not only looked good, she felt good. She felt at peace for the first time in years. For years she'd lived in dread and fear of the comments that would come her way from the man she lived with. Now she actually looked forward to the comments. She was discovering quickly that while Hank was a demanding lover, he was also an attentive lover who always seemed to know what she needed and how to satisfy that need. But more importantly, she felt safe with Hank. 

Hank stood in the doorway smiling as he stared at her. "You are a gorgeous creature!" 

Jean turned and almost threw herself at him, wrapping her arms around his neck. "Thank you!" she said almost crying. "I love being here! I love being with you!" 

Hank chuckled that sinister laugh Jean had grown to love. "Good! I love having you here! I'm gonna keep you busy! Real busy!" 

Jean returned his smile. "Use me babe! I'm your bitch now! Use your bitch! Make me your slut! Make me your whore!" 

Hank dropped his hands and cupped her ass, pulling her body into his harder, groaning as he did. "I've got all kinds of wicked plans for you bitch! Now let's get to work!" 

They hadn't been at the office for 30 minutes before Jean's cell began ringing. It was Ed. Jean looked at Hank. "Your call babe." Hank told her. "You don't have to talk to him if you don't want." 

Jean thought for a second. "No! I want to!" She hit the button and began to talk. "Ed! We're over! It's over! I've put up with your shit long enough!" Jean pulled the phone from her ear as her husband began screaming in the phone, calling her every name in the book and threatening her with everything he could think of. Just as Hank was about to take the phone from Jean's hand she ended the call and turned her phone off. "I'm not taking his shit anymore!" she said defiantly. 

Hank smiled. "Good for you! From now on either me, or your divorce attorney will talk to him. Not you!" Hank went back to work thinking of how he could shove it in Ed's face. He then had a wicked thought. 

Both spent the day working on two separate cases that were coming to trial. Before either realized it, people were filing out of the building. It was 6:00 and everyone had gone home for the evening. Jean walked into Hank's office with the briefs she'd been working on all afternoon. "I think everyone has left," she said in passing. 

"Good!" Hank said as he continued working. "Why don't you pour us a couple of drinks." Jean walked over to the bar on the far wall and poured them both their favorite after work drinks. Just as she was about to turn and take Hank his drink, "Lock the door!" he ordered her. Jean grinned as she walked over to the door and turned the lock. She then returned to the bar, picked up their drinks and walked them around Hank's desk till she was standing next to him. He took his drink from her with his right hand as he slid his left hand up the inside of her thigh. His fingers glided over her skin as they made their way northward. He could feel the heat radiating from her cunt the closer he got to it. Jean felt her body tensing as he played with her. 

His fingers finally reached her fuck hole. His fingers quickly became covered in her juices. Jean moaned softly. Hank studied the expression on her face with satisfaction as he took a sip from his glass. Jean's eyes were closed as she leaned against the desk. Hank slipped his middle finger inside her pussy and pushed it all the way in slowly. Jean moaned loudly and spread her legs slightly without even realizing she was doing it. For several minutes he slid his finger in and out of her gushing cunt, exploring every crevice and rubbing her clit with his thumb. Her body was being driven towards climax. 

Hank pulled his hand from between her legs and stood up. "You're overdressed." He watched as Jean stepped back and began undressing. There was a time just a week ago that Jean would have hesitated before complying with Hank's order. Now she responded as though undressing in Hank's office was the most natural thing in the world, and something she'd been doing her whole life. Jean unbuttoned a few of the top ones on her skirt, just enough to slip it down her thighs. Her pussy glistened with her cunt juice. Hank reached out and stroked the length of her pussy as he took another drink. "There's a couple things I'll never get tired of. One is looking at you. The other is playing with you." Hank said as he sat back down. 

Jean began unbuttoning her blouse slowly, teasing Hank as she did. The sides of her blouse were spread further apart with each button. The fabric and buttons straining to contain her enormous mounds of flesh. When the last button was released Jean slid her blouse off her shoulders and dropped it on the floor next to her skirt. She started reaching behind her back to unsnap her bra when Hank stopped her. "Leave the bra on. At least for now." Jean stood there in her heels and lacy low cut bra. She looked like a slut, felt like one and couldn't wait to perform like one. 

Hank reached across his desk and cleared a portion of it, enough for Jean to lay on. "Climb up and lay down," he told her. Jean complied gladly almost giggling as she did. Jean laid on her back with her legs spread on either side of Hank's chair. He took her legs by the back of her knees and spread them apart and pushed them back till they were almost touching her chest. He dropped his head and began to devour her cunt and clit. Jean's body arched off the desk as his mouth worked its magic on the most sensitive part of her body. He licked and nibbled on her clit to a chorus of moans and groans coming from Jean. The longer he licked and sucked the more swollen her clit became and the closer she got to climaxing. Her breathing started coming in gasps as her orgasm built inside her. Hank sensing her impending climax pulled off her cunt and sat back. 

Jean whimpered with need as his mouth was pulled off her. "Get down here and show me what a great slut you are." Jean sat up and slid off the desk, then onto her knees between Hank's spread legs. Jean unbuckled his belt and then opened his pants. Without hesitation she then reached inside his shorts and pulled out his hard erection. Hank smiled at his eager slut as he lifted his ass enough to slide his pants off. Jean let go of his cock long enough to pull his pants down and take them off, throwing them to the side. She then returned her loving attention to his male meat and the sack that hung under it. With her left hand she stroked his pole, while right hand cupped his nut sack and massaged it. Hank sipped his drink as Jean stroked his cock. 

"Use those sweet tits of yours!" 

Jean leaned forward with a tit in each hand, wrapped them around his stiff member and began working them up and down the length of his shaft. Jean looked up at Hank as she tit-fucked him. The look in her eyes told him what he already knew. She belonged to him and she couldn't please him enough. 

Hank reached for his cell phone on his desk. Jean thought he was going to take a picture. Instead he started to dial a number. Hank put his phone to his ear. "Hey Ed! This is Hank!" Jean's eyes widened in shock. She momentarily stopped her tit-fucking as she listened to what was being said. Hank snapped his fingers and pointed to her tits. She knew what he wanted. She commenced her tit-fucking again. "Listen Ed. I know all about your slapping Jean around. That's never going to happen again." Jean could hear Ed screaming into the phone, even though she couldn't make out what he was saying. Hank let him scream for a minute before interrupting him. "No Ed, she's not coming home. I know you've been trying to call her all day. She hasn't wanted to talk to you." 

Ed said a few more things that Jean couldn't understand. Hank grabbed her head by her hair and pushed it down. Jean opened her mouth and inhaled the length of his pole. Hank groaned softly as he continued his conversation. "No Ed, she can't come to the phone right now. She's kind of busy." Jean swirled her tongue around the head of his cock. Hank chuckled softly knowing what she was trying to do. He also knew he was about to turn the tables on her. "Ooohhh, yeah Ed, she's real busy right now. She'll be on the phone in a second. But in the meantime, here's the deal. Jean's seeking legal counsel for how she wants to proceed. You're never going to hit her again. NEVER!! If you try to find her, or come looking for her, I'll slap you with every legal restraining order I can come up with!" Hank pumped her head up and down as he talked. "And that's after I beat the shit out of you, you abusive little prick!" 

Hank pulled Jean's head off his cock and motioned for her to lean over his desk. Jean stood up and leaned over the desk with her elbows resting on it. Hank stood up and positioned himself behind Jean's upturned ass. With his left hand he took his cock and used it to rub the length of Jean's pussy. Jean moaned softly as he pushed her body and mind. "Here Ed. She can talk now." Hank threw the phone on the desk next to Jean. Jean looked back at Hank over her shoulder and gave him that 'what the fuck are you doing?' look. Hank smirked as he slid the head of his cock inside her cunt. Jean groaned softly again, knowing her torture was just beginning. 

As Jean reached for the phone Hank grabbed her by the hips and shoved the length of his cock inside her pussy. Jean groaned into the phone, "what do you want Ed?" Jean tried to listen to what was being said over the phone. But it was difficult as Hank began a steady pounding of her pussy, shaking her body with each thrust. The orgasm he had almost brought her to just a few minutes before was now brewing again in her gut. 

Hank could hear Ed screaming at Jean through the phone. The more he heard, the more contempt he had for the guy. 

"We're over Ed!" Jean screamed into the phone. "I'm tired of your abuse and shit!" Jean was being pushed closer and closer to climaxing with each thrust of Hank's cock. The fact she was being fucked while on the phone with the guy who had screwed with her life for the last twenty years only intensified her pleasure. Ed continued to scream into the phone wanting to know where she was at and what she was doing. 

Hank pulled his cock out of her. Jean's cunt made a sucking noise as it tried to hold onto it. Hank held his cock and used the head to rub her clit and the length of her slit. Jean groaned, no longer able to hold it in. Hank rubbed her clit with his cock driving her closer to orgasm and losing control. "OOOOHHHH!!" Jean moaned. "It's none of your damn business where I'm at! We're done!" she screamed again. Hank shoved his cock into her cunt again, pounding her with more intensity than before, causing Jean to grunt with each thrust. "UGH! UGH! UGH!" 

Hank heard Ed scream wanting to know what was going on. "OH FUCK ME!" Jean moaned. "I'M CUMMMMIIINNNGGG" she screamed. The sound of their bodies slapping together filled the room. Hank smiled as pounded away at his sensuous lover as she was laid across his desk. The phone slipped from Jean's hand as her orgasm shook her. "OOOOHHHH FFFUUUCCCKKKK!" she screamed as her body was wracked with one orgasmic spasm after another. She'd completely forgotten about Ed being on the phone. "UGH! UGH! UGH!" she grunted through her orgasm. 

Just as Jean's orgasm was subsiding Hank felt his coming on. "OK! It's my turn!" he panted as their sweaty bodies slapped together. He reached up and grabbed a handful of Jean's hair and yanked her head back, taking complete control of her body. 

"That's it baby!" Jean moaned. "Fuck that cunt! Fuck your slut good!" 

Hank was grunting with each thrust of his cock into her gaping cunt. Her cunt felt like it was on fire. His balls were boiling, just seconds from exploding his seed into her womb. 

Jean reached under her and between their legs. She grabbed his nut sack, and began to massage it. Hank's cock exploded. "OOHH SHIT!" he moaned. His body shook and convulsed as he blew his load inside her fuck canal. He held her by the hair, riding her like a mare that had been broken, grunting with each spasm of his body. Jean pushed back, matching his pounding of her body. The two lovers rode each other through his orgasm. When he was finished, Hank pulled out and collapsed into his chair panting. 

Jean lay there for several seconds before reaching over and grabbing the cell phone again. She could feel Hank's spunk running down her leg as she put the phone to her ear. Ed was still screaming and wanting to know what was going on. Jean had had enough. "What the hell do you think is going on you stupid asshole." She paused. "We're done asshole! We're done! The next call you get from me, will be from my lawyer." Jean turned the phone off and slid it across the desk. She continued to lay on the desk enjoying that euphoric feeling the follows a good fucking. 

Jean looked over her shoulder at Hank with a grin. "That was a dirty trick!" 

Hank returned her smile. "I thought you'd like that. How was it getting fucked while you were on the phone with that prick?" 

Jean giggled. "Fantastic! He deserved that!" 

"I know!" Hank swatted her ass as it stared him in the face. "Get dressed! Let's get something to eat and go home! You can feed me those two big melons of yours tonight for my dessert."