 Their time together whether it was on the phone or talking on line were like brief pauses in the routine of life. Steady and sure, their conversations turned so deeply erotic it always left them breathless. The tension of the days melted in those conversations as their voices softened and they were able to guide each other into a warm state of being. Their hands would roam while listening to the guidance of the other and soon a climax would erupt for both of them, reminding them both of the simplest comfort in life, the intimacy of another person. 

It is phenomenal that two people who live hours apart can share intimacy. It is a testament to the complexity of the human mind that two people can come together so intimately yet live so far apart. They shared all the little details of their lives and listened when things felt sour around them. They sought out brightness in the world when the routine would feel dark. They helped each other to understand their individual uniqueness and their time together helped them continue with all that was important on the other side.

They met once in the summer for a few hours. The fear of the initial meeting was palpable. They had grown so close and come to rely on each other for friendship. Their conversations were intensely erotic so it was natural to fear this would be lost. 

They decided to meet at a mall and they would drive to a local park to go for a walk. She was so nervous she wouldn't have been able to read the map even if it wasn't upside down. Somehow they managed to get to the park and go for their walk. Like their conversations on line and on the phone they settled into a steady banter of life. She couldn't help but notice how beautiful his face was framed with his snowy hair. He was a distance runner and the hours in the sun left him deeply tanned. He radiated fitness and contentedness.

They walked the park but never touching. Her mind was racing with curiosity about what he was thinking. Did he want to touch her? Is she what he imagined? Did he have any regrets in coming? Her mind wondered these things as he chatted away. They sat on a park bench overlooking the ocean. She hugged her knees to her chest and turned towards him watching him as he talked. She felt her short shorts pull up as she sat and when he looked away she reached down and felt the outside edges and soft pubic hair of her closely trimmed pussy peaking out from her shorts. 

Still a little nervous and getting a better sense of each other they went to lunch. A glass of wine helped stop the running mind and her foot longed to stretch beneath the table and stroke him. She had long lean legs and very flexible feet. As she watched him talk she knew what magic her foot could perform under that table. Both their bodies had spent miles and miles on the roads so she could only imagine the stamina they would have exploring. By the time lunch was over she was aching to touch him and explore how his body would respond to hers.

Where to go after lunch? They had another hour or so. They decided to go for a walk in another park. Finding a private spot they sat, this time very close to each other. His arm came around her and he kissed her so deeply that all the questions she had earlier were answered in the instant. She felt her body respond with a passion she could not recall ever having before. She felt the wetness between her legs intensify and she ached to feel his fingers explore. 

Like he was reading her mind his fingers found their way beneath the loose waist of her shorts. His fingers slid so smoothly along her pussy and gently experienced too briefly her hot wetness. His breathing became heavier and her fingers stroked the outside of his shorts feeling his hard cock. Within a minute of this kiss it seemed like an orgasm wanted to erupt out of both of them. But in the distance they could hear other visitors to the park and they knew they had to leave.

Holding closely to each other they made it to his car. Before he backed out of his parking she could not resist leaning down and taking his cock in her mouth. She had wanted to suck him all day and she could not stop herself from letting her mouth feel his hard cock. He was so hard and full. Her tongue ran up and down his shaft then circled his head feeling his pulsing. His cock tasted so good in her mouth. People approached the car and she had to stop. She could hear his breath catch when she stopped. He pulled out of the parking lot and started to drive back to her car. Their time was coming to an end.

Her hand continued to stroke him and she watched him as he focused intently on the road in front of him. Her body was aching wanting so badly to try so many things with him. They had talked about so many erotic things on the phone and heard each other cum just talking about them. Now she had his cock in hand stroking while her pussy was drenching through her shorts.

As they approached the mall he pulled into a semi wooded parking lot behind a vacant building. She thought he was lost until he parked the car and turned towards her. He brought her under him and his fingers slid so easily into her pussy. She almost came the instant his fingers entered her. Their tongues were perfect mates as they kissed their bodies came together. His breathing was ragged and as she came. 

The desire to feel him in her mouth was still so strong she pushed him up and she knelt to take him in her mouth. Tasting herself on his cock only stimulated her to want to taste him even more. She took him deeply in her mouth and let her tongue run along his rim. His head was so tight with tension that she knew he was going to cum. Her tongue ran down his shaft to his base and caressed him bringing him to his edge. His breathing and moans were promises that she would taste all of him very soon. Holding her mouth firm and steady with his cock fully enveloped she felt the orgasm. She allowed her mouth to hold firm so she could taste him and enjoy the erotic pouring of himself into her.

Both spent at least for the moment they resumed the too short ride back to her car. Perhaps they were a little stunned that something so powerful had just happened. They also still felt like they just began something just as their visit was ending. Time had ended for this visit but the fears that their friendship would end had vanished. They could now look forward to following whatever strange path they were on in their relationship and know that they had so many erotic moments to share in the future.