 "How much do I owe you John?"

"Nothing it's on me."

"You can't keep doing these jobs for me and not charging, you must take some payment. You have spent all the afternoon repairing that leak." 

"I'll have a cup of your special coffee and a quick shower then." He said smiling at me. "It's hot and I could do with freshening up."

I filled the kettle and plugged it in. 

"Your wish is my command." Was my reply as I spun around to face him.

John stood in front of me in just a pair of shorts and his sandals, his body glistened with moisture and his muscles rippled as he moved.

"You're so good to me." I said as I took a step forward and gave him a big hug. 

"What would I do without you?"

I reached up and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. He returned my hug and looked down on me with his big brown eyes. I just melted.

It had been eleven months since my husband Paul had been killed in a road accident. Eleven months without a man to hold me. Eleven months without a cuddle or the feel and the scent of a male body close to mine. God how I'd missed that closeness.

I had come to the conclusion that at 40 my love life was over. I had lost my man, the man I had married, lived with, made love to and had mad passionate sex with. Now I was on the shelf. 

Would I be single for the rest of my life?

Everything was empty and I did not know where or how to restart living. It was hard to forget the passion, sex and the lustful feelings though. Was I really destined to a life with "Roger rabbit" as my only company? That was a thought that had often entered my mind. Paul had set the momentum and organised everything. Every bit of passion and raw sex in our lives had been directed by him.

John had been Paul's best friend. They had done nearly everything together, except me. They had shared nights out, drank, played sports and worked with each others for as long as I could remember. He was always visiting Paul and me making jokes and playing the fool. For a long time he dated my sister. You could say he was almost part of the furniture. 

Since Paul's death he had kept in touch and was always there for me in my hour of need, but he had kept his distance and I had missed his company. After the funeral he had been the perfect gentleman letting me have my own space, only entering when invited. Hell he was a good looking hunk of a man though, as well as a good listener and a good friend. I Knew I could phone anytime for help or just to talk. Like now when a pipe had started leaking on the washing machine.

Suddenly I was reaching up and kissing him. It was a long passionate kiss which he quickly returned with equal passion after the initial shock of my action. It sparked a lust that I had forgotten existed. For the first time since I lost Paul I felt my body open up and my feelings flow. 

What had I done?

Why had I done it? 

I didn't care it felt so good to know I was still alive inside. 

"Sorry Toni, I couldn't help myself." I heard John saying as he released my lips and leaned back a foot or so to look down at me again. I kept my grip with my arms around his body. It felt so good. 

"No it was my fault." I said quietly. 

A short pause then I followed it up with a sentence that would change my life.

Looking back up at him I gave him another hug and softly said.

"John I want more, I want my love life back." 

What was I saying, why was I saying it? My self control just left me as I felt his manhood pressing against my belly and growing. 

"Make love to me, take my body, do something please. I need you now. My body needs you now."

John just continued to look into my eyes then he pulled my head into his chest and I felt his heart beating. I drew in the smell his body scent, oh how I had missed this part of my life and the feel of a real man.

My head was spinning, what had I just said? I couldn't believe what I was doing. 

Stop now, was my next thought, before I make a complete fool of myself.

"John I'm sorry I didn't mean to put you in an awkward position. My emotions just got the better of me, I'll make the coffee," I mumbled.

His hand slowly lifted my chin upwards to his lips and he gently started to kiss me. It was slow at first but soon our tongues were darting in and out of each other's mouths and that melting feeling flooded back. I felt myself go weak at the knees and my body fire up with passion.

Hell I needed a really good shag.

His hands moved down my body to my bum cheeks and he gripped them firmly. He lifted my feet off the floor and started to walk me across the kitchen. I wrapped my legs around his thighs as he walked then I felt myself being set down on the edge of the kitchen table. 

"Did I hear right. Are you sure you really want me to make love to you, shag you?" He whispered in my ear. 

"Oh yes, take me. I need you so much, please make love to me." I begged him. 

What I really meant was -- Shag me, fuck me, use me -- and I wanted to shout it at the top of my voice as the animal instinct in me continued to take over. 

Another long kiss started before I could say any more. I felt John's hands unbuttoning my shirt. He slowly moved to feel my breasts through my bra cups and play with my nipples -- they were standing out like organ stops, so sensitive through the thin material. His touch made my body tingle and stirred a feeling in my lower regions. I felt my love juices start to flow soaking the crutch band of my knickers. 

Slowly his big warm hands released my nipples and went under my arms to unclip my bra catch. I released my grip on his torso and let my arms fall to my sides. The shirt slide off my shoulders and the sleeves down my arms, my bra straps went with them. I felt myself go naked down to the waist. It was a feeling that I had longed for. 

I don't think my breasts are that big at 32C but they are still a good handful and very sensitive and firm. As part of my five foot five inch slim frame they tended to stand out and demand attention. John returned to them and gave them another long hard squeeze, I almost climaxed. 

He lowered his mouth to my left breast and sucked on it while his tongue toyed with the nipple. God I was in heaven. My right nipple was being teased with his fingers then disappeared into the grip of his hand. His mouth moved to my right nipple and he nibbled on it, his warm breath making me shake with pleasure. At the same time he took my now very wet erect left nipple between his finger and thumb and pinched it sending a thrill down my spine to my crutch. I just melted and turned to jelly. 

"Fuck me, fuck me, please fuck me was all I could think." Hell I wasn't thinking it I was saying it, begging him to take me. My head was spinning and my juices were flowing. There was urgency in my voice, god it felt so good I dare not think what would happen next.

He ignored my pleas to have him inside me and just continued to torment my body.

I felt his hands lifting my skirt and running up and down my thighs. They were everywhere possible feeling my body and setting me alight. 

My head dropped down and rested on his shoulder for support. Hell, I needed this. I needed to be ravished, taken, used, abused, fucked then fucked again. Anything anyhow, no holds -- (I should have said holes) -- barred. 

His fingers slipped under my panty line and he paused to play with my pubic mound. Next, he was twisting them in my pubic hairs and gently pulling. Oh it felt like an electric shock had hit me as his thumbs pressed on my outer lips parting them to allow him in. Just the thin cotton of my knickers separated him for my body, my clit, my virgina and heaven. The crutch of my pants was soaking wet there was no way to hide how turned on I was. My fanny was overflowing with passion wanting to be taken, not once or twice but again and again.

Without even thinking my hands were pulling down his zip then undoing the buttons at the top of his shorts. They fell to his feet and he stepped out of them. 

Fuck he was "commando" no underwear. His penis brushed against my inner thigh as it fell into my hand. It was hard with pre cum leaking from the big bulbous head. It felt about seven plus inches and quite thick. 

"That will do nicely," I thought. 

I must have drawn a deep breath and let out a yelp as the next thing I knew John was releasing my nipples and moving back a bit. 

"What's the matter do you want me to stop?"

I looked down at his naked body and his erect prick as it lay there in my open hand. The thought of it inside me made me crave it even more.

"No, no please don't stop." I heard myself saying. That was a terrible idea. 

I just lost it and started to beg. 

"Fuck me, fuck me John, please, please fuck me. I need you inside me I want to feel you fill my fanny, fill my cunt -- I want you to shoot your load into my belly -- I want you to fuck me hard and fast, make me scream for more, shag the arse off me. Do anything you want to me, just do it to me now, please, please fill my cunt with that lovely prick of yours." 

The obscenities just flowed from my mouth. Hell, I was so hot; I needed my body ravished and a prick in me. Not just any prick, John's prick, and I needed it as far as it would go up my love tunnel. My animal lust wanted all he could give -- and then more. 

Before I could finish my outburst John had my pants pulled to one side and two of his fingers were working up into my juicy hole. I was soaking wet and leaking cum all over him as he finger fucked me going as deep as he could. His thumb slid up and down between my outer lips and hit my clit. 

"Oh, ah yes, yes, yeeees."

I felt my first real climax in eleven months. 

"Oh, more, mmoorrre, give me more," and he still wasn't really inside me. 

I just fell back onto the table and started to shake. Every nerve in my body felt like it was alive. Fuck I needed this -- Fuck, I wanted it to go on, send me to heaven or was it hell. I didn't care where I was going just as long as the journey continued.  

John was fucking me hard with his fingers and playing with my clit. I felt myself drift into that misty world of pure sexual pleasure. 

It was more than that it was wave after wave of warm tingly lusty passion consuming my body. This was so much better than "Roger rabbit" my friendly vibrator and the only thing that had entered me since Paul's last time. 

His spare hand roamed my body. His fingers entered my mouth and played with my tongue going to the back of my throat testing my gag reaction. Was he going to fuck my tonsils? I hoped so. He returned to pinching my nipples. Another wave of climax's hit me, or was it just a continuation of the first one. Ah, yes, yes,

I could feel my fanny gripping his fingers, longing for his manhood to replace them. 

"Please fuck me pleesessssssss." I heard myself shouting.

"I want you to fill me with cum; screw me to the table, Aaahaaaa."

Then he stopped. 

God no he's stopped. 

No not now, please not now, you can't stop now!!!

He stepped back and I felt his hands on my hips as he slowly pulled my knickers down and off over my toes. They were quickly followed by my skirt. Then my shoes went across the room and I was naked. He just stood there holding my lags apart and looking at my body while ha drew in a deep breath. 

I felt like a juicy stake just about to be eaten. Yes go down on me and eat me. 

My outer lips were swollen; my clit was standing on end. My body was full of love, or was it lust; my love canal was wet and just begging to be used. Everything was on display and ready for his taking, all he had to do was eat me, enter me, screw me, make me scream.

He pulled me towards him and right to the edge of the table. 

Oh yes, yes there is a God - the tip of his penis was there in my crutch looking for my entrance. Please slip it in me, please, please, slide it in now. 

I prayed and hoped for John to bounce of my insides, to fill my body with his tool. It was all I could think about. Faster, I need more, don't tease me Shag me, fuck me senseless you bastard. 

A burning desire demanded I be shagged -- then shagged again. How had I been without for so long? I was built for sex; my mind was tuned on to sex. Shit did I need a good fucking. 

I reached down and took hold of John's prick guiding that lovely piece of meat into my love cavern, showing him where I needed it to go. 

John just moved my hand away and stopped me from interfering then he rolled my nipples between his fingers once more pinching both of them hard to jerk me back to reality.

His hand wrapped around his prick as he started to run it up and down my crutch spreading my love juices with it. He was teasing my clit, playing at the entrance to my love tunnel and going all the way down to my little brown hole. 

"Oh please, oh yes, oh no, god don't tease me, yes, yes tease me." 

Confusion set in and I was mumbling and whimpering aloud as my hands went to my tits and started to pull hard on my nipples just like John had. I wanted, no need to know this was not a dream. Another climax hit me like a steam train, pain and pleasure raked my body. 

"Ah yes, shit, shit, shit, fuck me you bastard, fill me with that beautiful cock, bounce off my belly and let your balls slap my arse. Fuck me, please, please fuck me."

A couple more lengths up and down my crutch then I felt the head of his manhood pressing against my opening. I felt the tip pop in and stretch me wide. Hell, it felt a lot bigger than it looked. 

He was gently moving in and out of me, just an inch or so -- heaven was the only way to describe it. A shiver went down my spine and I tried to move to get more of him.

"Ah -------- shit, yes, shiiiiiiiiiiitt." 

John suddenly went from the gentle teasing movement to one long deep stroke and he was in me up to his balls. 

I thought I had died and gone to heaven. 

Not another movement from him. I just had that feeling of being full and the warmth of seven magnificent inches right up inside me. No tingling this time, more like a red hot poker that was spreading fire through my body and consumed my every thought. I could feel his shaft touching every wall inside my virgina, pushing against the top of my tunnel. My cunt muscles started to work on his prick, I had no control just the feeling of lust and the desire to scream.

"Move you bastard move. Fuck me, shag me, fill me with cum." Was all I could shout as I started to pinch my nipples again, I needed the pain. In a funny sort of way I was in heaven and in hell. I wanted to cum, I wanted him to cum, I wanted to hit the roof, I wanted my cunt full of his sperm. 

At the same time I also wanted to feel like this for ever as wave after wave of passion flowed through me. I wanted it to last, just hoped that I could stay on cloud nine for a little longer. Fuck, it has never felt like this before -- and I've had more than my fair share cock in me over the years. 

Looking into my eyes he lifted my legs and pushed them up to rest on his shoulders. He took my hands and placed them on my breasts before he lent forward pinning me to the table. In this position my legs were trapping my hands tight to my body. His lower body pushed a little harder and a little further in to give himself maximum penetration. It felt like he was that far in me that he was tickling my tummy -- from the inside. 

His full weight move onto me and his hands went to the table each side of my shoulders. 

Through the haze I felt him kissing me again, a long passionate kiss. His tongue went deep making my virginal muscles start to work, I could feel my body gripping his prick then releasing it then gripping it. 

"Cum you bastard cum, fill my cunt with your lovely hot load."

As if it was with the flick of a switch his kiss moved me up to another level, a longing and a desire to climax. He started slowly moving in and out of me with long strokes. My whole body was being rocked back and forth on the table as he used every inch of that beautiful piece of meat. He stroked from the tip of its bulbous end to his tight load balls. With each full plunge I could feel the slam of his balls connecting with my body. I was trapped, pinned down with no control over anything he was doing, at his mercy and he knew it. I'd done most things in my life and had just about everything done too me but I'd never felt like this before.

I was hitting new limits, or were there just no limits now? I could feel my body reaching boiling point and sinking into a half world consuming me with a sensation I can't remember ever having. 

My hands were tormenting my tits as they were pressed hard against them and were moved back and forth over my nipples. He was teasing me with erotic pain. John withdrew to his limit on every stroke then plunged back into me. First he was long and slow then long and fast then a bit of torment with short rotations at my entrance. His constant change of body position teased my G sport then bounced off my cervix. Every inch of my insides was treated to the touch of his penis and I was screaming, silently screaming. 

I'm not sure if there were lots of climaxes or just one long one, I didn't care. The waves just came in cycles of semi consciousness. I was shaking, shouting, screaming, the room was spinning. Fuck this was good -- and getting better by the second. 

Shoot you bastard; fill me with cum, shoot. No, fuck me; fuck me, harder, deeper, Hash Ahhhhouuuuh, more, more. A torrent of thoughts rushed through my mind. Form deep inside another wave hit me like a hammer blow making me shout and scream louder with every stroke. My clit was taking a pounding and my cunt pulsing trying to squeeze everything, trying to get something, from his manhood. I let out a piercing yell as flashes passed before my eyes. 

"Shit Yes -- shit, shit, shit -- stop, stop -- no, fuck, fuck me, fuck meeeee."

Still John didn't cum. 

All I wanted was for him to shoot his load inside me, fill me with his sticky fluid. Then we could collapse, I knew it would be heaven. 

One look into his fiery passionate eyes told me that I would have to wait. 

It seemed like hours rather than minutes before I stopped shaking and came back to earth. I just lay there looking at him as he rested gently on my body waiting for me to return to his world. He was still inside me, still rock hard and still stretching me to my limits. I could feel his pubic hairs mixed with mine, his balls full and tight against my arse.

"More?" Such a small word for what he was offering.

"Yes, yes, yes." I whispered.

"Ready?" He whispered with a devilish smile.

"Oh, yes, yes as much as you can give, please, please, more." 

He wasn't fucking me now -- he was consuming me, taking me, playing with me. Shagging my brains out.

His hand went under my body and I felt it below his balls. Gently he worked the passage from his balls to my anus. He was spreading all the juices leaking from me around my little brown hole. Each long stroke spread more of my juices down the crack to my arse. 

Oh my god. Shit. I felt his finger tip slide into my rear end. He played with my ring and teased then, oh, in it went as far as it would go. 

Did he know how much I liked my arse played with?

Was there anything John wouldn't do? 

He was finger fucking my arse as he started to shag me fast again. 

"Fuck, fuck, fuck."

A second finger was going in working on my inner passage. God did I like what he was doing to my arse. Ah Shit this was a new kind of double penetration.

John's prick was moving in and out of me like a man possessed shafting me with aggressive passion that I had never seen of felt before. His balls were bouncing of my arse cheeks and his fingers as far as he could get them up my rear passage. I could feel them rubbing against his prick as he worked it in and out my cunt. Yes It was double penetration but with only one man. what a man. How could he do that all at the same time? He really was finger fucking my arse, sliding his fingers in and out of my little brown hole. 
