 Steam filled the air, as hot water splashed from the faucet, filling the deep, claw-foot tub. A smile spread across her lips, as she stretched her long arms, spilling lavender scented salts into the water. She closed her eyes, the scent filling the air, as she began to hum along with the gentle music that seeped into her senses. 

She set the bottle of salts back on the counter, and reached for the hem of her shirt. The silky soft material slipped over her head, and she tossed it into the laundry basket that sat next to the linen closet. Her fingers slipped to the front of her trousers, and she slowly lowered the zipper, soon slipping the trousers down over her full hips. She was a voluptuous woman, her hips rounded and soft. Her breasts where full, and as she removed her bra, the blush colored nipples hardened into tiny little pebbles.

She moved slowly over to the tub, turning off the water and stepping into the velvet warmth. She let out a sigh as the heat caressed her body, sending a shiver of delight rippling through her. Leaning back, her long dark hair cascaded over the rim of the tub, falling like waves of silk. Her fingers drifted over the surface of the water before moving over her skin, which had warmed significantly. 

She was so preoccupied, not to mention the sound of the music, that she did not hear the door open and close. Nor did she hear the footsteps that moved to the edge of the tub. The man stood there, a smile on his lips as he watched her bathe. Her body was perfect to him, as he preferred a woman with curves. 

His cock was already hardening, pressing against the front of his jeans. He reached down, adjusting himself a bit, unable to stop the quiet moan that escaped his lips. Her eyes snapped open, hearing the sound, her head spinning towards the source. Her eyes filled with delight as she saw him standing there. "What are you doing home so early, my love?" 

He chuckled softly to himself as he bent forward, pressing his lips against her lips, his fingers drifting up to caress the exposed nipple, "Well after the teasing you did on me this morning, I couldn't concentrate at work. So I decided to come home early. Looks like I made the right decision." He gently lifted her breast, his lips moving from hers, to wrap around the extended nipple. Her lips parted, an almost animalistic growl escaping them. Her hand reached up, curling around the back of his neck, as she held him firmly in place.

Instinctively, his hand dipped into the water, running possessively up the inside of her thigh. She trembled, a deep ache building within her. His tongue flicked across her nipple, now gripped within his teeth, just as his fingers found her center and rubbed across the sensitive folds of her sex. 

She gasped, her body beginning to tremble as he opened the lips of her sex, his fingers quickly and purposefully beginning to rub across her clit. Her hips bucked, causing the water to splash up a bit, but he didn't care. His only thought was on teasing her, as she had teased him that morning. 

His tongue flicked in unison with his fingers, as he continued to work her into a fevered frenzy of desire. Without a pause, his finger slipped from her clit, and pushed purposefully, deep into her sex. He curled his finger up, stroking inside her as his thumb worked her clit. 

He could feel her, so tight and wet, clamping onto his finger as he slowly inserted another. His teeth bit her breast gently, as she moved her hand down to stroke against the tightly bound cock pressing against the front of his jeans. He groaned and she smiled as she felt the wet spot, from the precum that had already leaked from him.

With a growl, he quickly lifted her from the tub, and carried her into the bedroom. He tossed her on the bed, and she giggled as she watched him quickly shed his shirt. His pants where next, and as he lowered them, his cock sprang free, pulsing before her eyes. He looked down at her, his eyes drifting along her body. 

He lowered himself between her thighs, kissing each in turn. "I want to taste you. I will taste you." With that said, he lowered his lips, pressing them hungrily against her sex. He sucked gently, his tongue probing out to open her, to taste her sweet nectar as she dripped readily onto his tongue.

She squirmed beneath him, her hips bucking up against his face. He lapped hungrily at her, his grunts becoming animalistic, as his hips rutted and rubbed his bare cock against her foot. Her fingers slipped down, gripping his hair tightly as she held him firmly in place. Her scent filled the air, joining with the lewd sounds of him lapping at her.

He lifted his eyes, looking up her body, a growl escaping him. He quickly moved to his knees, his hunger for her too much to contain. Before she knew what was happening, he had the head of his cock pressed against the opening of her sex. His eyes closed, and with one quick thrust, he was nestled deep within her velvet warmth. "Oh god, you feel so good," he whimpered as she gripped him tightly within herself.

His eyes opened, as he lifted her heels to his shoulders, and slowly began to move in and out of her. The head of his cock would nearly leave her, before pushing back in with a swift thrust. His hips moved purposefully as he watched her, loving the way her full breasts bounced and swayed. 

Her lips where parted, her tongue passing over them repeatedly as she moaned. His hips began to move faster, the strokes more purposeful. His fingers slipped down, gripping her hips as his pace increased. He was drilling into her at this point, his cock swelling with each thrust.

He could feel her beginning to flutter around him, and the feeling almost sent him over the edge. He slipped his finger down, letting his thumb begin a torturous tease of her clit. "Oh god, oh god, oh god," she panted as her eyes closed tightly. 

His deep voice trembled throughout her body as he commanded softly, "Cum for me, cum for me now!" Her eyes snapped open, and locked on his, as her back arched. It was as if someone had opened the flood gates, allowing the waves of pleasure to slip throughout her body.

"Fuck, I'm cumming," she screamed, as her body shook around his cock. He continued to thrust into her, riding her wave, before moaning deeply, burying himself to the hilt, as his cock began to fill her with his thick seed.

He closed his eyes, leaving himself buried deep within her. His sweat covered body collapsed against her, as his breathing began to slow. He slowly rolled to the side, pulling her close to him as he whispered, "I love you, dear." 

Her body was relaxed, and she smiled, kissing his chest as she purred, "I love you too, but I don't think I am done with you yet." Her large breasts swayed as she slipped over his body, kissing his chest, his belly, and biting gently on his thighs. She teased his cock with her nose, breathing in the mingled scents of their prior joining. 

He moaned loudly, his cock still hard, and growing harder by the second. She chuckled, teasingly kissing the base of his cock as she watched it bounce with each strained breath he took. His fingers where gripping the sheets as he strained, his cock tangling in her hair. "Down boy," she chuckled. "We are going at my pace this time."

He groaned, knowing she was in her element now, and knowing it would be awhile before she would let him get his release again. Suddenly, she bit down roughly on his thigh. Beautiful, blissful, erotic pain sliced through his body, causing his cock to harden painfully. "Oh god, please," he whimpered, yes whimpered. Her teeth moved slowly along his thigh, moving closer and closer to the base of his cock.

Her fingers moved up, wrapping around his cock and squeezing, gently yet firmly. Her eyes where shadowed with lust as she watched him, his hips bucking, his body trembling. She began to stroke slowly, her lips moving to breathe against the head of his cock. She flicked her tongue once across it, the second time letting it move slowly along the slit, tasting him. "Mmmm, my own little lollipop." 

He couldn't speak, just looked at her, his eyes pleading. Her lips wrapped around the tip, feeling it pulse, as she slowly lowered down until her lips touched her fingers, and his cock nestled deep in her throat. Her throat contracted around him as she began to twirl her tongue, letting it flicker along the pulsing vein on the underside of his cock. His head tossed, sweat trickling down his face as he strained, his hips instinctively bucking, as she worked him over.

She slowly, almost torturously, began to move up and down the length of his cock. His toes curled, fingers tugging at the sheets, as she worked him. Her own moans vibrated up and down his length, nearly causing him to erupt. He knew better though. He knew that if he let go now, she would hold out on him for a long time. 

She knew his body so well, and it showed in the way she wiggled her tongue on the underside of his cock head, teasing the precum from him, before slowly licking it away. "Mmm, you taste like a lollipop." Her tongue twirled just around the head, as she watched him.

She continued to work his cock with her hands, her mouth, and her tongue. She could feel him swell, getting so close to the edge, until she stopped, pulling back to let him breath, before starting in on him again. She continued this for some time, her other hand dipping down to play with her clit and slip into her sex, still coated with his cum. Her teeth scraped gently along his cock, sending shivers of delight, through every part of his being.

He wanted her so badly, to feel her tightness gripping him again. He knew she sensed this, as a wicked look had come to her face. She pulled back fully from him, and slowly stood, her feet straddling his hips. She stood above him, her fingers slipping along her curves, down along her creamy thighs, and over the folds of her sex. 

"You want this don't you? You want it so bad you can taste it can't you?" She grinned evilly, her fingers pushing open the folds of her sex and flicking over her clit. "Mmmm a nice little taste would be good about now." She stepped forward, her feet now on either side of his head, and she promptly lowered herself right onto his face without warning.

She smiled as she heard his muffled moans, her lips parting as his tongue dipped eagerly into her. He sucked on the tight little bud of her clit and she leaned back, bracing her palms on his upper thighs. Her hips rolled, pulling away from his tongue, then going back, pulling away, going back. She teased him, teasing herself as well and her whole body was trembling in excitement. 

She growled softly, her hips rolling as he lapped at her. Her nails dug into his upper thighs as she whispered, "Hungry aren't you?" She teased her fingers down and rubbed the tips across his balls, feeling how intensely swollen they were again. "Oh yes, my nice little cum bags are ready to fill me again."

She stood again, and without hesitation she lowered herself directly onto his hard cock, gripping him tightly within herself. "Oh fuck," he moaned loudly, "Oh god I wanna cum for you so bad." He gazed up at her as he watched her body move, taking him in complete and utter abandon.

She looked at him and growled deeply, "Don't even think about it." He closed his eyes and swallowed, willing himself to wait...please wait. Her hips where moving slowly as she rode his hard cock, her palms planted on his chest as she braced herself. Her hips moved slowly...then faster, as she gripped him and squeezed him, relaxing, before doing it again. Her nails bit into his chest, drawing a faint amount of blood as she moaned. She threw her head back, her long hair spilling down her back and caressing her hips.

She rode him hard, her body soon becoming covered in a light sheen of sweat. Her breasts bounced, and she leaned forward, smothering his slickened lips with their fullness. Her nipples where hard, and he sucked the nipple deeply into his mouth, twirling his tongue around it and flicking it slowly. Her sex tightened even more, and he groaned as he felt it, nearly spilling himself then and there. 

There was a deep fluttering inside her and suddenly she snapped her head up and looked into his eyes as she whispered, "I'm going to cum on you now...oh I am going to squeeze you so fucking hard." Her body erupted around him, and it nearly sent him over the edge...yet he waited. He waited until she said those fateful words, "Cum now, fill me with that hot cum." He erupted, filling her fuller then he ever had, his cock was nestled so deep in her. She grinned widely as she erupted around him again, her eyes closing.

Her body was shivering, as was his, and both bodies where slickened with sweat. She leaned forward, collapsing on top of him, kissing his chest as she whispered, "I love you so much. So, so, much." She was finally sated, and allowed herself to relax fully on top of him. 

He kissed her forehead and smiled, "Thank you...god I love you too." They lay there together for some time, their breathing soon growing shallow and even. He kissed her tenderly, holding her close, as eventually both fell asleep, his cock still nestled within her sex.