 I pulled up to the Miller's house at 6:30. I had found their ad online; they needed a nanny for the summer. When I called, Mrs. Miller explained that they would like to have a trial run before hiring me for the entire summer; apparently they had a few less than reputable sitters apply for the position. I was 19 and had a lot of experience. In fact, I was over qualified for this position. 

The house was gigantic! The Miller's obviously had a lot of money; I mean they would have to, to have a house this size, in this neighborhood. I grabbed the rear-view mirror and fixed my make-up. I caught a glimpse of my cleavage in the mirror. I guess I should have changed before I left. I was wearing a pair of ripped jeans and a tight, v-neck, black tee shirt. It was cut very low, too low for what was basically a job interview. Whatever, I thought I look really good and maybe the dad will give me a tip. I had long blonde hair that was wavy from sitting on the beach all day. I was tanner than usual and in great shape from running all season on the soccer team. But my tits looked huge in this t-shirt. I was already a double D but they looked even bigger tonight. I pulled up my top as best I could but didn't bother too much. 

When I rang the doorbell Mrs. Miller answered. She was small like me, but super skinny like she did yoga for five hours everyday. She had short blonde hair and was wearing a simple black dress. 

"Hi! You must be Mrs. Miller. I'm Morgan." I tried to sound enthusiastic. She invited me in and asked if she could have a quick Q&A before they left. I assured her that I totally understood and that I would be happy to. She wasn't warm and friendly at all. Her personality matched her body: uptight, cold, and intense. She showed me around the house and said that her husband and son would be down shortly. The inside of the house was impeccable just like the outside. These people were clearly loaded I thought. Mrs. Miller went to check on her husband and I took the opportunity to look around the house. Just above the biggest TV I've ever seen there was a tacky teddy bear. It took me a few seconds to realize it was obviously a nanny cam. I quickly turned away and smiled a little. Way to be discreet, I thought. 

"You must be Morgan." The voice startled me a bit and I jumped before facing an incredibly handsome man. He had dark hair, hazel eyes, he had a bit of scruff on his face and huge muscles. 

"Oh my goodness . . . you scared me." I said looking him over. 

"I'm sorry, I'm Shane. My wife will be right down with Bobby. She just wants to make sure you aren't psychotic or anything," he said laughing a little. 

"Ha, nope not psycho," I said shrugging me shoulders. I couldn't stop staring at him. He was so sexy. Mrs. Miller came down with their son Bobby. She put him in a stroller and rocked him back and forth as she sat on the couch. 

"If he gets fussy he likes to be walked in the stroller. So tell me a little about yourself," she said. She and Shane sat on the couch and I sat down in a chair across from them. I couldn't take my eyes off this man. I think Mrs. Miller was starting to notice. She put her hand on his leg and scooted close to him. Message received lady, I thought. 

"Well, I'm taking classes at State, and I am planning on transferring in the fall. I am going into education and have already taken a few child development classes. Um, I play on the soccer team. I worked at a daycare last summer. Yah, ummm that's about it I guess." I had no idea what she wanted to hear because she just stared at me. I noticed Shane was looking me up and down and smiling, but Mrs. Miller was glaring. 

"How old is Bobby?" I asked trying to make her stop glaring at me. This was super awkward and she made it even more uncomfortable. 

"He's almost a year old. I'm sure you have had a lot of experience with babies this age and I'm sure you can handle keeping him in one piece. Satisfied Nancy?" Shane said winking at me and standing up. Nancy did not seem overly confident but agreed anyway. She went through the regular stuff, what to feed him, where his diapers were, emergency numbers, etc. 

I picked up Bobby and we walked them to the door. We waved goodbye and Mrs. Miller said they would be back by midnight. 

Bobby and I read a few stories on the couch, directly in front of the nanny cam. I read until he fell asleep and then carried him upstairs to bed. I set up the monitor in front of the TV, again right in front of the nanny cam. I wanted to show Mrs. Miller how attentive and careful I was. Maybe she would pull the stick out of her ass and hire me for the summer. I cleaned up the kitchen and sat down to watch TV. As I sat shifting my eyes from the monitor to the TV I began to wonder, who really watched the nanny cam. Was it Shane or Mrs. Miller? 

I got off the couch and headed for the bathroom but backtracked quickly to grab the monitor. I went to the bathroom and adjusted my bra. I pushed my tits up and pulled my shirt lower. I went back to the couch and sat down again. I pretended to watch the TV as I traced the outline of my v-neck, running my fingers over my tits and biting my bottom lip. I took a sip of my water and let some spill down my shirt. I continued this for a while, bending over in front of the camera to pick up little things, showing my thong. I would stretch my arms back making my tits pop out and pull my shirt up and run my hands over my stomach. 

When Shane and Mrs. Miller got back they were a little drunk and she seemed pissed. She went right upstairs to check on Bobby. I assured them everything went well and went to the sink to wash out my glass. 

"Don't bother with that, it's fine." Shane said standing really close behind me. I put my glass in the dishwasher and turned around leaning against the sink. I put my hands on the edge of the sink making my tits push up so he could see them better. He was much more bold now and slowly let his eyes fall to my chest. He raised an eyebrow and looked back up. He smiled and handed me a wad of cash. 

"Thanks Mr. Miller," I said still staring at him. I walked past him letting my breasts brush against his arm. The way he looked at me made me so wet and all I wanted to do was jump on top of him. 

"No, thank you," he said following me to the door. 

I was so excited when Mrs. Miller called me again to watch Bobby a few nights later. I couldn't wait to see Shane again. I had my roommate drop me off at the Miller's that night. We were going to a 90's party later and I didn't want to have my car with me the whole night. I wore a really short plaid skirt and a white v-neck t-shirt. This time I didn't wear a bra. The shirt was really tight and my nipples were clearly visible so I threw on a little black hoodie sweater. 

I rang the doorbell and Shane answered. I smiled a little too much

"Hey Mr. Miller," I said seductively. He smiled at me and looked me up and down.

"Hi Morgan. Nancy is still getting ready. She got home from her Pilates class late and I think she just got out of the shower. She's still going to be a little while. Bobby had a big day today and he is already sleeping, but I'm guessing he will be up in about an hour or two. We won't be out too late though, we are meeting with my sister-in-law and Nancy can't stand her so if she doesn't cut the night short I might have to," he said smiling. 

"Oh nice! I have a 90's party to go to later," I grabbed the hem of my skirt and did a little curtsey. He looked me up and down. He didn't smile and turned to head toward the TV. I thought I had gone a little too far. He readjusted the teddy bear on top of the shelf and looked back at me. I smiled and he slightly grinned back. I knew he was the one that watched the recording. I wondered if he stroked his cock while he watched me tease him. The thought made me wet. I took off my hoodie and pulled my shirt down a little. I went to the kitchen to get Bobby's dinner ready in case he woke up. Shane followed me. 

"So Mr. Miller what do you do," I said bending over in front of the fridge. I knew he could probably just see the bottom of my ass because I was wearing a small g-string. I could see him in the reflection of the chrome on the fridge. He had his head cocked trying to see higher up my skirt. 

"Construction. Well I'm a contractor now." I let him stare for a couple more seconds before grabbing what I needed and standing back up. I knew my nipples were hard and clearly visible through my white t-shirt. I stood there for a second letting him look at me, and he did. His eyes came back to meet mine as he bit his lip and I smiled and went on with setting up Bobby's dinner. I was now dripping wet. I wanted to feel his hands on me so bad. 

Mrs. Miller came stomping down the stairs and Shane went to stand on the other side of the counter as I put my sweater back on. 

"Shane, we are going to be late," she snapped. "We will be back in an hour or so hopefully." She rolled her eyes when she saw how I was dressed. 

"No problem Mrs. Miller. I'll take good care of Bobby." I said cheerfully. Shane looked at the teddy bear and then back at me as he walked out the door with her. 

I finished Bobby's dinner and sat down on the couch in front of the nanny cam. This time I looked directly at it as I traced the neck of my shirt. I let my hand slip under my shirt and grabbed my breast. My head tilt back slightly and I moaned feeling my hard nipples. I spread my legs and with my other hand I ran my fingers over my wet g-string. I rubbed my clit a little before I stood up and walked closer to the camera. I raised my shirt showing just the underneath of my tits and squeezed them underneath my shirt. I didn't know if the teddy bear had a microphone or not but I leaned forward and whispered.

"I want to feel you inside of me so bad." I then turned from the camera and bent forward onto the coffee table letting him see my ass and pussy. 

The phone suddenly rang and when I picked it up. It was Shane saying that they cut the night short and would be home soon. Just then I heard Bobby fussing on the monitor. 

"Oh good you're just in time, Bobby is just waking up." I said 

I fixed a bottle for Bobby and brought him downstairs. I called my roommate to pick me up but she didn't answer. 

When Shane and Mrs. Miller walked in she looked pissed again. 

"Well that was a disaster, like always." She snapped as she took Bobby from me. Shane rolled his eyes and thumbed through his wallet to pay me. 

"I just need to call my roommate real quick, she was supposed to pick me up but she's not answering." I said scrolling through my phone. I dialed her one more time but her phone was off. Jenny, my roommate, was constantly letting her phone die she was so ditsy. 

"Nope, her phone's off now. That's ok I'll just call a cab." I said looking at Shane. 

"No don't do that, Shane will drop you off. In the future I would really appreciate you finding your own transportation please," Mrs. Miller, said very annoyed. 

"It's really not a problem, let me just change quickly to get out of this awful suit," Shane said. 

"It's really fine, the cab won't cost that much and they are really quick," I said as Shane headed upstairs. 

"I said it's fine, this time." Mrs. Miller snapped back. I told her Bobby was great, and that he slept just until they phoned from the restaurant. She seemed annoyed like it was my fault he woke up but thanked me anyway. Shane came down stairs in a pair of dark jeans and a gray t-shirt. I hadn't seen him in anything but a suit and he looked amazing this way. I could see all the muscles in his arms and could make out his chest muscles through his shirt. I grabbed my bag and thanked Mrs. Miller for having me back to babysit and that Bobby was such a good baby, that it was really my pleasure. Shane leaned over to kiss his wife but she turned letting him kiss her cheek instead. 

We took Shane's Mercedes. It was a brand new and there wasn't a spec on it. I assumed the giant truck parked in front of the house was what he used for work. 

"The party is really close just around the corner. I appreciate you driving me Mr. Miller but I know it's an inconvenience," I said sifting through my bag to find my other shoes. 

"No, not at all. It is completely fine. Don't let Nancy get to you. No amount of yoga could get that woman calm or at peace." He had the air-conditioning on really high and when I took off my sweater my nipples were rock hard. I took down my hair and brushed it to one side. I pulled down the mirror on the visor and put on some make-up.

I could see him looking from the road to my nipples and back. 

"A 90's party? I definitely don't remember girls dressed like that in the 90's. I just remember everyone dressing like Kurt Cobain." He said smiling and looking at my legs in the mirror. I slipped my flip-flops off and lifted my leg giving him a better view of my thighs as I put on my heels. 

"I was going for Clueless," I said laughing as I pulled my shirt down a little showing even more cleavage. 

"It's freezing in here," I said as we came to a stoplight. The party was on the next street and I wanted to feel his hands on me before I got out of the car. I put my hands on the headrest behind me and pushed my tits out for him to see. 

"I can tell," Shane said smiling. I hooked my fingers into the V of my shirt and pulled it down very low as I looked at him. He put his hand on my knee and I arched my back and parted my legs for him. The light turned green and the car behind us honked its horn. Shane kept his hand on my knee and continued to drive down the street. 

"The house is at the end of the block right there with all those people in front," I said pulling my shirt down even lower, spreading the neckline of my shirt so my nipples were almost showing. Shane pulled up to the house next door and took his hand off of me to put the car in park. A girl ran across the lawn in front of us and a guy grabbed her and she screamed, laughing as he lifted up her skirt and spanked her. 

"This party looks a little crazy. Maybe I should be responsible and give you a little talk about the birds and the bees before I let you go in." Shane said putting his hand back on my leg, but a little higher this time. I spread my legs wider making my skirt hike up higher. 

"I know all about the birds and the bees, Mr. Miller," I moaned and looked into his eyes as his hand moved up my thigh. It was now almost at my pussy and I let my hands trace down my body to meet his. I needed his fingers inside of me. I led his hand to my pussy and when he touched it he immediately started to rub his fingers up and down. He lightly growled and my head fell back as I opened my mouth and moaned loudly. 

There was a bang on the window and my roommate Jenny was drunk and fogging up the glass to make hearts. Shane removed his hand but kept it on my thigh. I sighed and rolled down the window. 

"You're late! Where have you been! Does your friend want to come in?" She said leaning over the door. She was wearing an incredibly short, pink, tube-top dress and her tits were popping out of it. Her hair was in low pigtails and her had pink heart stickers at the end of her eyelashes. 

"Are you Baby Spice?" I asked smiling but annoyed. 

"Ha! Yesssss. Aren't I cute?" She asked as she danced around. Jenny was crazy she always had guys in our room and once in a while they brought another girl with them. I rolled my eyes. 

"I'll be in, in a second." I said as I shooed her away. I looked back at Shane and he looked out the window as some guy scooped up Jenny and grabbed her ass. 

"Maybe we can continue our conversation about those birds and bees later," I said as I grabbed my bag. Mrs. Miller would never let me back into the house if he were gone for too long. I leaned over and put my hand on his chest and kissed his cheek. Before I let go I whispered into his ear.

"I think your little teddy bear has something to show you when you get home." He grabbed my face and kissed me hard. I slid my hands down his body and grabbed his cock. He moaned and kissed me harder. If I didn't stop myself now I would climb over the seat and ride his cock until I came. 

I broke the kiss and opened the car door. I got out very slowly and deliberately. I pushed my ass out letting my skirt pull up so he could see my ass. 

"Jesus," Shane whispered. I shut the door and leaned in the car window showing him my cleavage. 

"I'll see you soon, Mr. Miller," He smiled at me as bit my lip.

"We are going to the beach house next week, make sure you pack a bikini," He said putting the car in drive.

I had to drive to the beach with Mrs. Miller and Bobby; Shane was heading up about a half hour after us. Mrs. Miller threw a fit and wouldn't wait the thirty minutes for Shane to finish a job and drive up with us. I didn't think it would be too bad the beach was only an hour and a half away. Turns out it was though. Mrs. Miller talked about her friend Jessica the entire trip. Apparently she was heiress to a giant fortune and their friendship had "really blossomed over the past month." She wasn't even really talking to me, as I sat in the backseat with Bobby. It was more like she was congratulating herself on finding such a rich friend. 

When we got to the beach house Bobby was sleeping and she took him inside to put him in his crib. I was unpacking the car when Shane pulled up in his work truck. 

I was bending over the back of the SUV trying to reach all the toys that had spilled out of Bobby's bag when I felt him behind me. He pressed up against me and grabbed the last toy that was out of my reach. 

"I've been thinking about you all week," he whispered in my ear as he handed me the toy. I turned and looked at the house and then back at him and smiled. 

"You got here really fast," I said leaning against the bumper. He rolled his eyes.

"I was five minutes behind you. She could have just picked me up in the city. How was the drive?" He seemed really annoyed. 

"Jessica seems delightful," I said sarcastically.

"Wait till you meet her husband," he said laughing as he grabbed the heavier bags to bring in the house.

Mrs. Miller didn't even say hi to him when we walked in. She just started barking orders. 

"I am going to the store to get dinner ready for when the Turner's arrive. I had the maid come before we got here so do not mess up a single thing. You need to check the pool to make sure they actually cleaned it. Morgan I need you to unpack all the bags and make sure Bobby isn't fussy. I'll be back in 20 minutes. Jesus Christ Shane you couldn't have showered before you left?" We both stood there and watched her stomp out of the house. I leaned against the wall in the entryway.

"You are really dirty," I said biting my lip. He walked toward me and pushed me against the wall and kissed me. He wrapped his hands around my waist and pushed up my tank top. He pulled my hips into him and I could feel his cock press against me. I ran my fingers through his hair as he kissed me. 

"Fuck, you make me so hard," He growled into my neck and he moved his hand up my shirt. I arched my back and offered him my tits. He squeezed my breast through my bra and exhaled deeply like he had been dying to touch me. Then his hands dropped and he hung his head.

"We have to get this shit done, or Nancy will be unbearable," He said as he pulled me into him one last time before letting go. 

"I guess I can wait a few more hours," I said frowning. He laughed and grabbed a bunch of bags to bring upstairs. He brought all the suitcases upstairs for me and went to clean out the pool as I unpacked everything. 

Bobby was still sleeping when I heard him get out of the shower. I was in my room unpacking when I heard my door open. He was standing in a towel wrapped around his waist and was dripping wet. He looked incredible and my mouth dropped, as I looked him over. He was tanned and had the most amazing body I had ever seen. He was so ripped with washboard abs and a perfect chest. 
