 Finals completely consumed my life, for the month following my drunken escapades. They were the perfect distraction from Shane's statement; that he had bought a house in the very same town that I would be moving to. Did he mean for us to live there together? Was it going to be his bachelor pad; a place to escape his wife and continue a trivial affair? Every scenario terrified me: Living with a married man who was leading a double life, or would he get a divorce? Every time I thought about it, it drove me insane, leaving me with even more questions. Not to mention, I couldn't stop thinking about the last time Shane and I were together, the way he made me take him in my throat, the way he spanked me . . . the way he filled me over and over again, all within that same night. My legs involuntarily spread each time I thought about it, begging to feel him between them again. 

When finals were finally over and after I had packed up my dorm, I used a few more days to just be with Jenny. She was insane but I was going to miss her so much. Plus, I was still unable to face Shane, I had even blown off babysitting for Nancy just to avoid seeing him. I had ignored dozens of phone calls and text messages from him. Each one reasonably, asking for an explanation for my absence. I knew his motive for buying the house didn't matter, I'd be with him there either way, which is what scared me the most. 

"Just call him! You're biting a hole through your cheek worrying about this shit! I mean seriously does it really matter either way?"

Jenny demanded, reading my mind like only she could. 

"Of course it matters, either way!" I laughed back at her while sitting poolside of some mansion she was housesitting for. 

I watched Jenny roll her eyes as the corner of her mouth turned up in a secretive grin. She untied her bathing suit top and tucked the straps into the cups covering her breasts. The sun and the beers were getting to my head and breaking down the wall I had built to keep Shane out. 

My phone rang and I nearly threw it into the air desperately trying to check if it was Shane. It was not and I didn't recognize the number either. 

"Hello?" I answered somewhat still believing it could be Shane. 

"Hi, I'm trying to reach Morgan? I this she?" A man asked. 

"Yes this is she . . ." I responded. 

"Hello Morgan this is Jason Stewart, your new academic advisor . . . We had a phone appointment for today?" He started, almost accusingly. 

I had completely forgotten about the appointment! It had something to do with my transcript but I had barely read the email about it. 

"Oh yes! I'm so sorry, of course!" I said trying to sound confident.

"Morgan we are still missing your letters of recommendation. At this point your acceptance is dependent upon whether we receive these. Do you have them available and ready to send in?" He asked, doubtingly. 

"I do. Absolutely. It was only two correct?" I actually had no idea but I happened to have two from some old professors.

"Well no. Because you are using your work hours to fulfill some prerequisite hours, we also need a recommendation from the parents you have been working with. Based on the information in your transcript, the department would like to specifically see a recommendation from the mother you have been working for. Ummm, let's see here . . . Yes, Nancy Miller. She is the contact you provided on your reference page." 

You have got to be kidding me, I thought. 

"Yes! Absolutely. I will have that sent out before Friday. Is that ok?" I said almost holding my breath. 

"That will be fine. As long as it is here before the 13th. Ok! It was good talking to you and we will await your recommendations. Congratulations on your acceptance and we look forward to meeting with you in the fall. Thank you Morgan." He said abruptly hanging up. 

Fuck. 

I shot an annoyed glare at Jenny before taking a deep breath and dialing Nancy. 

"Hello?" Nancy answered, thank God. 

"Hi Nancy, it's Morgan. I . . ."

"Oh good! I was just going to call you. I know you're just finishing up with school but we need a sitter tomorrow night. Shane and I have a dinner and I need you to watch Bobby around 6:00." She wasn't really asking. 

Fuck. 

"Of course. Sorry I have been MIA, finals were pretty rough." 

"Yeah. Actually 5 would work better for me." She said blowing me off. 

"No problem. I was actually calling because I need a letter of recommendation for my new school . . . just a short description of my responsibilities and . . . you know just a normal recommendation letter . . . if you're comfortable with that?" I awkwardly stammered. 

There was a long sigh and a brief period of silence. 

"Ok. I guess I could write it during Bobby's nap." She said as if I had completely put her out. 

"Thank you so much Nancy. And I'll see you tomorrow at 5:00." 

"Yup. Bye," she hung up before she even finished saying it. 

"Well I guess I'm going to see him whether I'm ready or not!" I said to Jenny, dropping my head in defeat. 

"The world works in mysterious ways baby girl!" She said laughing. 

The next night as I sat in my car in front of the Miller's, I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror. I had thrown on yoga pants and a tank top, not bothering to put on any makeup, something that I was now regretting. I pinched my cheeks a little, trying to add some color to my face. It was a girl next door kinda look, I thought, trying to reassure myself. 

I knocked on the door and Shane answered. 

"Hey," I said brushing by him, desperately trying not to touch him. 

I walked to the kitchen and dropped my bag. I could feel Shane directly behind me. 

"Morgan can we talk ab. . ." He whispered before I cut him off. 

"Has Bobby eaten anything?" I asked grabbing a glass from the cupboard. 

My hands shook violently betraying my aloof facade. Shane saw and became bolder in his actions. 

"I'm not really sure . . ." He started before I cut him off once again. 

"What time do you think you guys will be back tonight?" I asked squeezing past him and opening another cupboard. 

Unfortunately I had backed myself into a corner and Shane quickly took advantage of my position. 

"Baby," he started again as he spun me around by my hips, grabbing me by my hand. 

Unable to look him in the eye, I stared at our entwined fingers. I could feel my cheeks flush at his touch and I wanted so badly to move his hands onto my body. My eyes shifted towards the stove and in the reflection of the stainless steel I saw Nancy's legs. In the matter of a millisecond I realized she was watching us. Miraculously, my brain jumped into action and I pulled my fingers out of Shane's grasp. 

"I think it might come out if I just soak my hand in some water maybe?" I said examining my pointer finger as if something was really there. 

Luckily I had opened a cabinet that contained bandaids and I quickly turned to pull one out. I nearly dropped the entire pack as my hands shook uncontrollably now. My heart raced and the blood drained from my legs, making me feel as if I'd collapse at any second. Shane somehow took the hint and backed away from me. I turned to look at Nancy and shrugged. 

"Do you have a pair of tweezers I could borrow? I have a splinter stuck in my finger," I said praying she wouldn't want to check it herself. 

She didn't move an inch. Her eyes darted back and forth between Shane and I, revealing that she was questioning our proximity to one another. I swallowed hard and hoped that she didn't hear me. I could see her brain turning, desperately trying to decipher our actions. I could feel Shane distancing himself from me, as his body ever so slightly turned away from mine. I silently begged her to believe my lie, holding my breath in anticipation of her next move. Finally, she rolled her eyes and flippantly waved her hands toward the bathroom. Every muscle in my body released as I breathed a silent sigh of relief. 

"There's a pair in the top drawer in the bathroom," she said taking a final glance at Shane before placing a diaper onto the counter. 

"Bobby needs his diaper changed and I need to get ready. Shane you need to hop into the shower now." She added clearly annoyed. 

I avoided both Nancy and Shane for the remainder of the time they were there. Before leaving, she stated that it would be a late night out and that she wasn't sure when they'd be home. 

As it turned out it was well past one in the morning when they finally returned. I couldn't tell if Nancy had been drinking or not but she seemed to be more flirtatious with Shane than she had ever been before. I had almost fallen asleep on the couch when they walked in. Nancy had her arm wrapped around Shane's. I hadn't noticed earlier but she was wearing makeup and her dress was more revealing than anything I had seen her in previously. Shane held her arm but exhaled a sigh as he tore his eyes from mine. 

"Morgan if it's too late to drive home you can stay in the guest room," she offered, uncharacteristically. 

She stared at me as she wrapped herself around Shane and rubbed her hand on his chest. It took every fiber of my being to remain calm, diverting my ability to process and answer her question. 

"Ummm . . ." I watched her hand slide down his body and run back and forth over his abs. 

Shane remained motionless with one hand in his pocket and the other absentmindedly draped over her shoulder. 

"Stay! Have a glass of wine with us. We've never really talked before," she said as she began to move toward the kitchen, her fingers trailing across Shane's body as she stared at me. 

Before my brain would allow me to say no, she was pulling glasses down from a shelf. 

"Nance, Morgan probably needs to get back," Shane said as his brow furrowed, indicating he was just as confused as I was. 

"Babe it's too late for her to be out driving, and plus your letter of recommendation is in Bobby's room and I don't want to chance waking him, Morgan." She said now pouring wine into the three glasses. 

Babe?

"Are you even 21?" Shane asked, obviously knowing the answer. 

"What's the harm if she's staying here? Here, here drink up sweetie," she said handing me a glass and pulling Shane towards the dining room table. 

Sweetie? Who the hell was this woman? 

Her palms slapped the table instructing us to sit in an assigned seat. She and Shane sat on one side while she indicated that I should sit across from them. 

"So Morgan, tell me about yourself. Do you have a boyfriend?" She asked, kicking off her shoes and laying her feet over Shane's lap. 

My finger tips turned white as I subconsciously squeezed my wine glass. Shane leaned back against his chair and took a deep, annoyed breath as his hands stretched back against his seat. We were both unwilling parties on Nancy's bizarre ride. 

"Uh, no not really," I said trying to avoid looking at Shane while simultaneously attempting to read his body language. 

"Well there was this one guy, Tony, from my Statistics class but it didn't really work out." I said looking Shane dead in the eye while taking a sip of my wine. 

It annoyed me that he was letting this continue. This had now become one of the most awkward and terrifying nights of my life. What was worse is that she dragged it on for at least an hour. I watched as her fingers, seductively traced over Shane's. I saw her legs move up and down, knowing that her foot was moving against his cock. Her maniacal eyes stared directly into mine as she did it while asking me about my future plans. It was her way of saying that whatever they may be, Shane would not be apart of them. I had honestly thought that she had bought my lie about the splinter earlier, but for the first time I was beginning to doubt that. She was a jealous wife whose husband was caught touching a younger woman. I tried as hard as I could to remain calm and unaware of her motives, while on the inside my mind was racing. It didn't help that my blood boiled every single time she touched Shane. I should have been ashamed and guilty about being with her husband, but I wasn't. I was angry that she was touching him, he belonged to me. 

Eventually she decided to up the ante, whispering into Shane's ear that she was ready for bed before kissing him on the cheek and then smiling at me. It was enough to finally get a rise out of me. 

"I think maybe I'll just drive back. I'm definitely awake now so I'll be fine," I said gritting my teeth. 

"I can't let you drive after drinking, Morgan. The guest room is all made up for you," she said giving me an icy glare. 

Fuck

I hesitantly followed the happily married couple up the stairs. Watching Nancy hold Shane's seemingly willing hand. When we came to our respective doors, Nancy possessively held onto Shane as he, unbeknownst to her gave me a look of utter compunction. 

"Goodnight, Morgan." Nancy said giving me a smile seething with contention 

I closed guest room door and flung myself back, onto the bed. My body felt as though it was crawling with bugs. I couldn't stand the fact that she was with him and I was not. I replayed the look that she gave me over and over in my mind and felt my anger grow each time. I couldn't decide if I should hate Shane or if I should pity him, so my mind directed all of its anger toward Nancy. Then I heard her. It was a moan, loud enough to just barely be heard through the closed door, I wasn't even sure if it was in fact a moan. I held my breath straining to hear something more. I don't know why I listened because when I did hear more my heart seized. This time it was clearly a moan. I got out of bed and with the utmost precaution, slowly opened my door. I could hear her moaning loudly as I looked down the hall. The bitch hadn't even bothered to close their bedroom door, it stood purposefully a jar. She wanted me to hear them. 

"Mmmm . . . You're so fucking hard Shane." I could just make out her words. 

A sick, masochistic part of me pulled my body from the relative safety of the guest room and led me down the hall. Past images of Nancy on her knees in front of Shane flashed in my mind. I found myself in front of their door biting my lip as I leaned on the frame. I couldn't see them and they couldn't see me, but I could hear every sound they made. 

"You taste so good," she said as I heard her moans stifled by something in her mouth. 

I heard her gasp for breath. I heard her giggle. But worse, I heard Shane groan. I continued to listen, hearing the shuffle of sheets moving, hearing Nancy moan even louder. It seemed to go on forever. 

"Yes! Oh God yes Shane! Cum for me baby!" Nancy screamed making for damn sure that I heard her. 

I stood there for a long time afterward, biting my lip and thinking about the night as a whole. Finally I walked back to the guest room smiling to myself. I sincerely hoped that she enjoyed herself because I was going to make sure Shane never fucked her again. Well, if he did at least he would definitely be thinking about me. 

I woke up early the next morning, just as the sun was beginning to rise. I washed up in the bathroom as quietly as I could, intending to sneak out before anyone was awake. As I opened the bathroom door I saw Shane standing in the hallway, his expression indicating he was a bit unsure of how to approach me. 

"Morgan . . . I'm sorry about last night . . . I don't know what got into her . . . " he whispered, avoiding eye contact with me while staring at the ground rubbing the back of his neck. 

"It sounded like . . . you did," I said as his eyes finally raised to meet mine. 

I smiled, a contradictory smile while moving towards him. His body stiffened and he looked towards his bedroom door. My gaze followed his before looking back and touching his body. He was wearing a pair of basketball shorts without a shirt and his body and hair glistened, fresh from a shower. His smell was intoxicating, drawing me even closer to him. I moved my hands up and down his chest and softly kissed his bare skin. It didn't matter what Nancy had done last night, I knew she didn't touch him like this. I knew she couldn't make him feel like I made him feel. I moved my hands lower letting my fingers tickle his defined abs before gently dipping under the waist band of his shorts. I held my fingers there softly moving back and forth as I looked up at him and kissed him. I sucked his bottom lip as my fingers dipped lower running down the patch of hair that fell beneath the shorts, which hung low on his hips. His eyes closed and he sucked in a short breath of air as I felt his cock begin to stir. As my hand slid lower, his eyes opened and he looked back towards his bedroom once again. 

"Are you afraid your wife will catch you with the babysitter?" I asked, not bothering to whisper. 

The smallest bit of panic spread across his face as his eyes shot back to the room his wife was in. I quickly grasped the base of his cock in my hands gently stroked it against my body. I could feel him forgetting about his concerns as I twisted my hand and moved it up and down his length. His attention was drawn back to his bedroom as we heard Nancy getting out of bed. Shane tensed and slightly moved away from my hand. I stroked faster and stared at him for a moment before leading him towards the bathroom. We passed directly in front of their bedroom door, my hand clutched around Shane's even as I heard Nancy walking towards us. An unfastened door and a millisecond of unobstructed crossings was all that kept Shane's secret from his wife, as I slowly inched down the hallway unbothered by consequence. As the bathroom door latched shut, we heard a small creak of the bedroom door opening. The light from the bedroom created a shadow from beneath the bathroom door, revealing that Nancy stood on the other side. I looked up at Shane as I slowly dropped to my knees. For the first time, in all the times we had been together, he looked genuinely worried. I wanted to wipe that look from his face. I wanted to replace it with a look of pure bliss, which is exactly what I got. 

I gently pulled his shorts until they fell down his legs and his cock stood hard in front of me. His hands gripped the countertop behind him, his hips instinctually moved towards my mouth and I welcomed him lustfully. My mouth spread open and my tongue licked the underside of his shaft before I closed my lips around him. His sharp inhale of breath was all the permission I needed to continue. My lips massaged his cock as I moved my mouth lower. My tongue rhythmically lapped his shaft as I pulsated pressure from my lips, moving my mouth up and down now. Shane's head dropped back and he grabbed a handful of my hair in a tight clutch as he pulled me into him. His cock twitched in my throat and I moaned in response to his pleasure. I had heard Nancy pacing the hallway, assumingely checking for Shane, and I heard her stop as I moaned. Shane was completely unaware and unconcerned with his wife's whereabouts as I swirled my tongue around his cock making it that much easier for him to slide into my throat. His hips involuntarily and ever so slightly pumped into my mouth. 

He was exactly where I wanted him, he was all mine in that moment. I took him deeper as I pictured Nancy waking in and imagined Shane continuing to fuck my face. I felt my panties soak as I pictured his back curve as he moaned and filled my mouth with his cum. I'd lick my fingers clean as Nancy stood, horrified. I doubled my efforts as I slurped his perfect cock and gently massages his balls. As I felt them tighten I slowed, savoring his hardness and sucking harder in long deep strokes with my mouth. My tongue lapped at his cock in lecherous anticipation of his cum. I moaned as I felt him shoot his load onto my tongue. I continued sucking, my mouth begging for more as he obliged. Every burst that filled my mouth gave me more pleasure and I swallowed greedily before licking him clean. 
