 Downstairs, a key scraped in the lock, the front door swung open and John Walker slipped quietly into his house. He was so glad the party ended earlier than he had thought and he was certain Justine would be happy to get off earlier than she thought. He rubbed his tired eyes and looked into the empty living room. There was no sign of her and the television was still on. That was odd. Justine was the most responsible teenager he knew; he never came home to a mess and she took care of his two daughters beautifully.

John flipped off the television and gave a weary yawn. Damn, these parties were worse than a twelve-hour day in the office! He usually spent the whole night dodging the office barracuda who seems to have made it her main mission in life to get him in the sack. He gave a short laugh; him and every other guy in the office. Shaking his head, he flicked off the light and headed for the kitchen. As expected, no trace of dinner remained and the room was spotless. He looked in the fridge and saw the leftover neatly packaged, but he wasn't hungry.

He shut the door a little harder than he meant to. He was restless and didn't know why. Yes, he did know why but there wasn't anything he could do about it. Estelle may be a barracuda and he might not be interested in her, but she knew how to work a man up. He had torn himself away several times but he could still feel her teasing touch and his body was not unaffected. Even the porn he sometimes used to get off would be a relief for this hard cock tonight though. He sighed. His hand and a tube of lubricant couldn't take the place of a warm, wet pussy.

John pulled down the bottle of Jack Daniels he kept in the kitchen. He wasn't a big drinker and had only had two glasses of wine at the party. He was always mindful that these affairs were business as well as pleasure. He's seen a couple of promising careers flung off the rails because people lost their heads at parties. He poured a finger of the amber liquid and slammed it down his throat. He needed to feel that burn tonight.

The alcohol burned all the way down but it felt good. He poured another finger and screwed the lid back on, placing the bottle back on the top shelf. He took a sip as he left the kitchen, flicking off the light. Justine must have gone to bed, he decided. She knew the spare room was available. He checked the doors and headed up the stairs, shrugging off his suit jacket.

He opened the girls' door and smiled at their blonde heads sound asleep in their beds. He kissed each girl on the forehead and closed their door quietly as he left. He didn't bother to check on Justine. It would probably freak her out to have him pop into the spare room unannounced. He flicked on the bathroom light so the girls would have a nightlight and left the door slightly ajar, heading for his own room.

His stride slowed, the glass halfway to his mouth as he noticed his door ajar and the light on. He knew he had shut off the lights when he left earlier, but wasn't as sure about the door. He pushed the door open quietly and nearly dropped the glass at the sight within. His mouth dropped open and his jacket did fall to the floor. He grabbed it and moved into his room, casting a glance at his daughters' room as he did.

John tossed his jacket to the chair, missing it completely, his eyes focused on Justine stretched out on his bed. He may have been having trouble taking the sight in, but his cock wasn't as it sprang to new life. He had been on edge all night, spurred on by Estelle's overt attempts to arouse him and this was the final card. He ran his eyes across her young body as she lay sprawled asleep on his bed. As the first shock passed, he took a deep sip of his drink as he noticed little details now. 

Her legs were spread slightly and both hands were resting on her young pussy. He moved closer and could see the wetness, smell the musky scent and knew that she had cum recently. He shook his head. She had masturbated here on his bed; the bed where he spent so many lonely nights with only his hand for company. He downed the last of the JD and placed the glass on the nightstand, his eyes never leaving her body. He glanced at her face and relaxed a little as she appeared to be sound asleep.

"God," he muttered as he adjusted his pants to give his hardening cock more room. Had it been so long that he would be looking at this little girl with such lust? No, not little, he amended as his eyes brushed her young, nubile breasts hidden from his view by her sundress. He knew she was eighteen. "Legal," the devil on his shoulder whispered in his ear. "Shut up," he said absently, his eyes traveling down to her spread legs again. He loosened his tie and tugged it from his collar as he sat gingerly on the side of the bed. His eyes flew to her face, but she didn't stir and he relaxed.

His cock was straining against his pants and he absently rubbed it as he let his eyes travel down her body slowly. He groaned as he saw the moist droplets still clinging to her fingers and hairs. His hand seemed to have a will of its own as he stretched it out and gently stroked her hairs lightly, bringing the moisture back to his mouth. He shut his eyes briefly at the sweet, musky scent as it filled his nostrils, his tongue wrapping around his finger to taste her.

In that moment, he was lost and knew he wouldn't hold back his burgeoning desires.

He moved off the side of the bed, nearly ripping his buttons out in his haste to remove his shirt. He kicked off his shoes as he rounded the foot of the bed and cursed as his big toe made contact with the footboard. Holding back an yell of pain, his eyes fell on the door and he moved swiftly to shut and lock it. If Justine wanted to leave, he would have no choice but to let her, but he didn't want his girls looking in accidentally.

He shrugged out of his shirt and dropped it to the floor, reaching down to yank off his socks. He hesitated as his hands reached his pants; his erection was almost painful, straining against the material. He decided to leave them on so as not to frighten her too much if she awoke. He told himself he only wanted a taste and then he would stop.

John moved around the foot of the bed to stand beside where Justine's feet lay. He lightly ran his finger along her calf, stilling as she moved a little. When her breathing didn't change and her eyes remained closed, he moved again, placing one knee on the bed, close to the foot and shifted his weight onto it, pulling his other leg up so he now knelt between her open legs. He watched her face, but she seemed to be sleeping normally and not affected by his movements on the bed.

Placing his hands on the bed, he slid them slowly palm down under her thighs until his forearms rested against her inner thighs. Then, using gentle pressure, he pushed her thighs open wider, watching as her wet pussy opened further to his view. Her hands fell away with his movements, exposing all of her pink flesh and he feasted on the sight, running his tongue over his suddenly dry lips. He could see and smell her recent excitement and knew that she had enjoyed herself more than once. Her sweet cum was still running out of her open slit, her inner thighs and ass wet with it. 

Unable to resist any longer, John leaned down and breathed her scent in deeply. His cock leapt in response and anticipation of slipping inside that hot, wet pussy. He wouldn't go that far though, he told himself. He just wanted to taste her. He stretched his tongue out and slid it between her young, swollen lips, running it slowly down to her slit. He shuddered as the flavor spread through his mouth. Pressing his tongue flat against her slit, he dipped it inside slightly, then dragged it up to her clit, rubbing against the hard little nub. 

Justine sighed in her sleep and he felt her spread her legs further. Even in her sleep, she could feel his tongue and he wondered what dreams this was causing her. He grinned and glanced at her sleeping face briefly. She tasted so damned good; he wanted to give her pleasure now. He ran his tongue back down her lips, sucking them in between his lips then releasing them, watching the blood engorge and flow out. Julie had loved him going down on her and he knew how to give pleasure like this.

John ran his hands lightly along her inner thighs, just over the skin, slowly back and forth, moving with the same tempo as his tongue between her pussy lips. He felt her moving restlessly under his hands, her nerves jumping beneath his fingers and he smiled. He dipped his tongue into her hot entrance again, probing deeper, pulling the honey out and rolling it into his mouth. He heard her sigh again, a low moan slipping between her lips. He pressed his tongue flat against her slit, feeling the nerves in her pussy throb against it. Even in her sleep, she was so turned on he could feel it.

More confident in her response now, he gently lifted her legs and placed them on his shoulders, burying his nose into her wet curls and letting her scent fill him. He pushed his tongue far into her pussy, spreading it inside to fill her. God, she was tight! Sliding his tongue out, he ran it back up to her throbbing clit and rubbed it gently. His hands trembled slightly as he slid them under her ass to push her body up, pushing her pussy onto his face. One part of him was so aware of the trouble this could bring on him, but another part no longer cared. All it cared about was the tight young pussy in his face. 

He groaned and slid one hand up between her pussy lips, rubbing it in the juices as his lips closed over her hard clit. Sucking it hard between his lips, he slid one finger against her slit, spreading her juices over it before pushing it into that hot entrance. Her pussy grabbed his finger, sucking it deeper into the tight recesses until it was buried to the second knuckle. 

John twisted it as he continued to suck on her clit. He could hear her breathing increase and, opening his eyes, he saw her breasts rising and falling as her excitement grew. He knew he was taking a chance, but he wanted to taste more of that sweet cum on his tongue; he wanted to be the one to drive her over the edge. He felt her pussy gripping his finger and slid it a little deeper stopping only when a barrier appeared. He pressed against it and realized it must be her hymen; she was a virgin, he thought, amazed at the possibility.

That thought alone almost stopped him and he pulled back only to feel her hands curl into his hair and tug him down again. His eyes flew to her face and he thrilled to see the unique combination of ecstasy and frustration there. He knew she was close to her orgasm then and resolved to at least go that far. He raked his teeth lightly across her clit and her body jumped against him, a moan escaping her lips as her hands pushed his head firmly into her pussy. Even in her sleep she knew what she wanted, he thought with amusement.

Not one to disappoint, John began slowly thrusting his finger in and out of her tight pussy, twisting it against the inner walls as he nibbled and sucked her clit. His reward was in her hot juices, flowing over his finger and he lapped eagerly, taking long strokes to pull the juices back to her clit. Her moans were increasing and he knew she was close. He slid his other hand between her ass cheeks, grazing his fingertips across her tight rosebud there. He felt the wetness there as it had dripped from her pussy and he slid his finger back and forth, spreading it over the brown entrance and pressing against it with every stroke.

Her legs tightened over his shoulders as she pushed up, away from the new invader, but he didn't stop. Pressing his finger firmly against the wet hole, he bit down lightly on her clit and she let out a gasp as his finger pushed inside the tight ring. He pulled her clit into his mouth again, sucking and rubbing it quickly with his tongue as he worked a finger into each of her holes. He felt her body tremble all over and doubled his efforts, pushing her over the edge.

Justine woke with a start and let out a short scream as a tremendous orgasm swept over her. She locked her legs against something hard and warm and rode the wave, tossing her head back and forth as she bucked her hips. She felt something hot and wet moving against her pussy and slammed up against it, willing the sensations to continue. John sucked and nibbled her clit through her orgasm, his fingers pistoning as she rode out her orgasm. When her soft moans began to abate, he slowed his fingers, rubbing his tongue gently over her swollen clit before sliding down to lap at the juices flowing over and around his finger in her pussy. 

Justine whimpered as his tongue assailed her hot pussy, still throbbing from her orgasm. Her body was a mass of exposed nerve endings and she didn't know whether to clasp him closer or push him away. Him! Her eyes flew open as she realized this was no dream and she gasped at the sight of John Walker on his knees between her spread legs, his face buried in her pussy. A blush suffused her face and spread down her body slowly as she saw the wanton picture she made. Her bare legs were thrown over his back, bent and locked around his neck so her pussy was spread wide and close to his face. Her dress was up around her hips and she could see one of her nipples had worked its way out of the top of her dress to poke impudently at the ceiling. She let out a cry as she saw her hands clutching his head and pushing it down into her pussy.

Justine hurriedly pulled her hands away from his head, closing her eyes in mortification and burying her hands under her back. John looked up then and knew she was awake and he smiled as he deliberately dragged his tongue up from her entrance to her clit, stopping to rub it gently. Justine moaned against her will and she bit her lip to stop it. John deliberately pushed his finger deeper into her anus, twisting it and pushing it against her walls to touch his finger in her pussy. She looked down at him and he could see the indecision in her face. He locked his eyes with hers as he stroked her clit with his tongue, slowly moving his fingers and felt the shudder run through her as her body responded, the desire growing again. 

"This is going to happen," he thought in wonder. "I'm going to fuck the girls' virgin babysitter and she wants it, too!" His hard cock jumped at the thought of fulfilling the most common male fantasy and he pushed his finger deeper into her tight pussy, withdrawing it to add a second finger. As he slid them both inside, her delicate walls giving way to their thickness, he bit gently on her clit again and her hips shot up, thrusting her pussy into his face and allowing his fingers to slide up against her virginal barrier. He stroked it with both, letting her get used to the feeling as he stoked the flames again by sucking her clit. 

Justine clutched the blanket under her body and tried not to scream out. She couldn't believe that her fantasy was coming true and in a way she could never have imagined. Her body was alive, nerve endings jumping all over as John used his tongue and fingers to expertly bring her to orgasm again. She arched her back with a cry as he slipped the second finger in; it felt so good she felt like pushing his face back in. She wondered now if that woman was faking it on the porno because she could imagine herself screaming for John Walker to fuck her!

John lifted his head and watched her reaction with fascination. He felt the wonder of being her first as well as the awesome responsibility. He knew she had enjoyed the oral sex and he wanted her to enjoy the real thing. More than that, he wanted her to participate fully. Placing an open kiss on her pussy, he slowed his fingers and kept rubbing her inner walls, letting the finger in her anus go still before slowly pulling it out to rub against the bud again as he slowly moved up her body. Her legs slipped off his shoulders, but he noted with satisfaction that she pressed them into his sides. He was distracted by the hard nipple poking out of the top of her dress and could not resist pulling it into his mouth. Her gasp told him more than words how that felt and he twisted the fingers in her pussy again as he used his hair-roughened chin to slide the dress down further, capturing her other nipple as it popped out. 

Justine could only moan as John moved his mouth back and forth between her hard, sensitive nipples, alternately biting and sucking them and causing her pussy to tighten around his fingers. When he lifted his head to look at her, she opened her glazed eyes to gaze back. Her mouth worked but words seemed impossible and she leaned up to boldly kiss his lips. John let her inexperienced lips move over his before he responded, parting her lips and sliding his tongue to touch hers. She gasped and her own tongue tentatively brushed his, her body arching up so her hard nipples moved against his hair-roughened chest.

Justine moaned into John's mouth as a whole new set of feelings rushed over her. She pulled her hands out from under her and ran them down his sides lightly, feeling the shudder run down his body. She marveled that she had that power and ran her nails lightly back up along his ribs, sliding them across his flat nipples. John broke the kiss, breathing heavily as he looked deep into her eyes. "Touch me again," he growled. He spread his fingers apart inside her pussy, getting her used to the stretching she would be feeling when his cock replaced them. He moved his thumb up to her clit and began to press down and rub in circles.

Justine bit her lower lip as she pinched his nipples. His low groan spurred her on and she tugged them again remembering how it had felt when he sucked hers into his mouth. He raised his chest off her and she leaned up, circling her tongue instinctively around one flat nipple. "Yes, that's it," he breathed down at her. "Suck them like I did to yours, Justine. You're turning me on so good here." He pulled his knees up to brace himself, pushing her thighs open further in the process. As her tender lips closed over his nipple, he pushed down on her clit and felt the vibration of her lips as she moaned around it.

Justine pulled his nipple deeper into her mouth, rubbing her tongue over it and was rewarded by another low groan. Encouraged, she trailed her lips over to his other nipple and repeated the process, letting her hands settle on his hips, kneading the muscles there. Curiosity got the better of her and she looked down at his pants. His hard cock was clearly outlined there and she almost bit his nipple as she saw how large it was. She had only seen the two guys on those pornos and now what she could see of his. Were all men that large? She didn't see how it would fit inside a woman. Justine felt an attack of nerves as she thought of what they were about to do. 

John felt her lips and mouth stilling and looked down. He saw her eyes trained on his groin and knew her nerves were failing her. Leaning down, he kissed her forehead, trailing his lips down to her ear and sucked her earlobe between them, letting his teeth gently caress it. "We don't have to go further," he breathed in her ear, "but, I want you to do one thing for me. Will you do that?"

Justine nodded tentatively, feelings of shyness creeping over her slowly. She felt his lips smile against her and instinctively tilted her head as his lips moved down her neck, nibbling softly. He gently bit her shoulder then soothed it with a kiss, placing soft kisses back up to her neck. His fingers continued to move slowly inside her and she felt her hips rocking with him. John shifted his stance and pressed his groin against her thigh, rubbing his cock against her slowly as his lips met her ear again. "Justine, I want you to open my pants and take my cock out. I just want you to see it, okay? Will you do that for me, sweetheart?" His hot breath brushed against her ear and Justine felt herself nodding.
