 For the remainder of the week I barely got a second alone with Shane. Nancy had me busy running errands, doing laundry, watching Bobby, and doing everything she wasn't inclined to do. By Sunday morning the Turner's had left and the three of us including Nancy seemed relieved. We all ran around trying to straighten up the house and pack our belongings, but by noon we were all wiped out. Bobby went down for a nap and I asked Nancy if I could take a quick nap as well. She seemed exhausted and suggested we all take a break before we headed back home. 

I was able to take a twenty-minute nap and when I awoke I immediately checked on Bobby. He was still sleeping in his crib and I was relieved to have a few minutes to myself. I decided I could squeeze in a quick swim, if I took the baby monitor with me. I quickly put on my bikini and headed out of my room to the pool. It was then that I heard a moaning sound coming from down the hall. I saw that the Miller's bedroom door was open and without thinking I walked toward it. 

Shane was standing naked next to their bed as Nancy sucked his dick on her knees. I almost gasped when I saw them but I couldn't move away. Shane had his hands on her head and was pulling her mouth deeper onto his cock. Suddenly he looked up and saw me. The color drained from his face and he stopped pulling her onto him. He looked like he had been caught. Nancy had her back to me and continued sucking him as she moaned on his cock. Shane's brow wrinkled, as he looked utterly confused as to what to do. He was stuck between "being caught" and getting head from his wife. 

I don't know why but I felt betrayed. I clearly had no right to be, he was with his wife but somehow I was mad about it. I wanted him to cum for me, not her. I don't know why I did it but I reached up and cupped my tits. I pulled the straps of my bikini together and up, making my tits press together. I bit my lip and tilted my head, as I looked straight at him. Shane's mouth dropped and he started to move his wife's head up and down on his cock again. He still looked unsure about what to do but it was clear that the pleasure had won against the confusion and risk. 

What are you doing!? I thought. He is with his wife! Walk away! But I couldn't I didn't want him to cum for her. 

I pulled the small triangular fabric covering my tits together and apart, teasing him before finally pulling them apart and showing him my breasts. He growled and slightly pulled away from her so that he wouldn't cum yet. Part of me thought he wanted to see where this would go.

I rubbed my tits together for him for a few more seconds before I slowly moved my hand down my body toward my bikini bottoms. I let one hand dip underneath and just barely touched my clit before pulling it out and lacing my fingers underneath the ties around my hips. I swayed my body as I pulled the fabric lower showing him my pussy before pulling them back up and repeating the process. The second time I let my hand drift back to my pussy and slowly ran my fingers down my wet pussy lips. 

"Show me how you rub your clit for me baby," Shane growled as he forced his cock deep down his wife's throat. 

We both looked down as Nancy moaned and slid her hand between her legs. I thnk we were both shocked that she actually did it. Shane's eyes shot back up to meet mine and he continued to pump into her mouth. I could tell he was close to cumming and for some reason I was annoyed he was ordering me to do something. My mouth dropped as if I was moaning and my finger moved up between my pussy lips. I pulled my hand from bottoms and stuck my finger into my mouth and sucked. Shane growled and pumped faster as I sucked my finger like I had sucked his cock. Seconds before he was about to cum I pulled the finger from my mouth and glared at him as I adjusted my bikini. I rolled my eyes at him and walked away from the door, heading toward the pool. Shane had looked even more confused like he was about to run after me. By the time I got to the staircase I heard him grunt as he presumably came in his wife's mouth. 

What the fuck was I thinking!? The words echoed in my brain as swam back and forth under the water. I had no right to be jealous. I was the other woman. He was with his WIFE for Christ sake. I had no right to do what I had just done but I couldn't stand the fact that he was going to cum for her and not me. The second the thought crossed my mind I knew I was acting crazy. This wasn't me and I didn't know why I had let myself fuck with him the way I did. I quickly decided I would act like nothing had happened and continue interacting with Shane as I had been. 

By the time I had fed Bobby a snack and packed up the cars my thoughts had shifted. Shane had tried to help me again and again and I brushed him off and shoved past him each time. Even Nancy had noticed that something was wrong.

"Morgan are you ok? Are you feeling alright?" Nancy asked, hesitantly. 

"I'm fine," I said noticing how blatant my erratic behavior was, "I'm just feeling a little sick."

"No! No absolutely not! You have to drive back with Shane. I'll take Bobby with me. I can't risk getting sick and I can't let Bobby come down with whatever you have." Nancy said backing away from me. 

"No really I'm fine. I can ride back with you, I'm ok," I almost pleaded with her, not wanting to be alone with Shane. 

"Absolutely not. Shane will drive you back," she stated firmly.

We both looked toward Shane who stood there staring at us, as if he were at a loss for words.

"Ya . . . eh em . . . ya I can drive you Morgan." He said stammering. 

Again I rolled my eyes at him and jumped up into the cab of his truck. Nancy looked like she was back to being uninteresting in Shane as she turned her head as he tried to kiss her goodbye. 

Minutes after we got on the Interstate Nancy had sped away and was out of our sight. Shane looked nervous and slightly irritated as we sat in silence. 

"Morgan . . . I . . ." He continued to talk but I quickly stuck my earbuds into my ear and turned the music up on my iPod. 

I scrolled through my music trying to look like I was doing something important as I felt his heated glare on me. I had to grab onto the truck's safety handle as we were quickly jerked off the main road. I looked around confused and the truck began to rattle on the deserted dirt road Shane was flying down. I lurched forward as we came to a halt and pulled the earbuds from my ears. The sun was quickly setting and I could barely make out our surroundings.

"Morgan I'm fucking sorry. What do you want me to say!" He was angry and I couldn't blame him.

"I'm sorry you saw that but she's my wife!" He looked incredibly sexy as he yelled at me. 

I looked him up and down a few times and the unbuckled my seat belt. I tried to open the door but it was locked and in my frustration I couldn't figure out how to get out. He stared at me slightly amused, which pissed me off even more. 

"I know!" I yelled as I turned to him and slapped his hard chest.

"I fucking realize that!" I said going to slap him again. 

His hand caught my arm and I struggled as he pulled me toward him. I fought against him slightly as I began to realize how crazy I was being. He pulled harder and I was forced up to my knees on the seat next to him. We struggled against each other until he had his arms wrapped around my waist and my breasts were pressed against his face. 

While trying to resist him my dress had been pulled down so my tits were almost popping out of the top. Shane slightly relaxed as my chest heaved against his face, before pulling me harder against him. His mouth opened and he kissed my cleavage. I tried to push him away in vain. I knew I wanted it so bad and the feeling of his mouth on me made my pussy drip. I lightly pulled his head back as I grasped his hair but he shook free and pulled the top of my dress down roughly until my nipples were inches from his mouth. I just barely arched my back to offer one to him and he licked it before sucking it into his mouth as he looked up at me. I couldn't help but grab his head and pull him into me. As soon as I did he became ravenous. The intensity between us built again and he squeezed my breast as he sucked them. 

I didn't notice as one of his hands released me and traveled down my body, until I felt his fingers rub my pussy through my soaked panties. I moaned and ground my pussy against his fingers. I felt him smile against my chest as if he knew he had won the argument and it pissed me off. 

I grabbed at the buckle of his belt and within seconds had his jeans unzipped. He quickly yanked them down his hips and effortlessly pulled me on top of him. He pulled a lever at his side and the seat began to recline slightly, as he pushed his hips into me. His hand slipped between us and he tried to slide my panties to the side. I grabbed his hand and lightly pushed them away as he looked at me confused. I wanted to tease him, I wanted to make him late getting home, I wanted him to need it so bad it hurt. My panties were completely soaked and slid easily against him as I started to rub my pussy against his cock. He moaned and moved his hands up my body. I quickly grabbed them and secured them beneath my legs. He could obviously break free at any point but I knew he wouldn't. I was in charge now yet it was clear he was letting me be. 

I pulled the straps of my dress off my arms and let my hair down before cupping my tits in front of him. I leaned forward as my wet panties slid up and down his cock, and let my tits press against his face. As he opened his mouth to suck them I pushed his head away and leaned away from him. He smiled at first, as if what I had done was cute. It annoyed me and I raised an eyebrow as I pulled my tiny little g-string to the side and let the head of his cock push past the lips of my pussy. His smile quickly faded and his face hardened as he moaned. I lifted up and began to fuck just the tip of his cock. This time I smiled as I pulled off of him. He groaned in frustration and I felt his hand jerk beneath my leg as if he was going to break free. 

"What's wrong baby?" I moaned and lightly bit his bottom lip.

I started to grind against him harder now. And he moaned as I let him suck my tits again. As I moved against him I allowed his cock to slip under my panties. I could feel him pulse against me. I wanted to tease him more but I needed to feel his cock inside of me. My pussy throbbed with anticipation for him. I slowly let the head of his cock push into me and looked at him as I moaned and sank lower on to him. 

"Oh fuck," Shane breathed, as his eyes rolled to the roof of the truck. 

I knew he got what he wanted and I wanted to resist a little more. I began to pull myself off of him but he pulled his hands from beneath my legs and forced me back down hard. I started to rock on top of him slightly but he grabbed my hips and made me move faster. I obliged as I felt my pussy tighten and a flush rush up my body.

"Is this what you think about when you fuck your wife?" I asked knowing how inappropriate and cruel it was. 

Shane's eyes rolled in a way that expressed that my question pissed him off because it was true and turned him on. I leaned down and kissed his neck.

"Do you think about my little tight pussy on your cock?" I whispered into his ear before gently biting his earlobe. 

He paused and let me grind slowly on him and I heard a moan of frustration and need come from him. I couldn't help but smile when I sat back up. 

"You better stop before you get yourself into trouble." He threatened.

He was serious but I didn't care. I arched away from him and grabbed the steering wheel from behind me. With my shoulders stretched back, my tits sat even higher on my chest and bounced as I started to fuck his cock. His hands reached up and grabbed my breast and his eyes lowered as he stared at me. Shane was about to cum and I didn't want to let him yet.

I let go on the steering wheel and slowly sank back down on him making him gasp. I wrapped my arms around his head and gently pulled him into my chest. He immediately brushed his open mouth across my tits and began to suck. I thrust my hips back and forth slowly.

"Did you think about sucking my tits when you came in your wife's throat?" 

My eyes were closed and I was so close to cumming on his cock. He quickly grabbed my hips and kept me still. I know my words had almost pushed him over the edge and he still wanted to maintain some control over the situation. 

Suddenly, I was off of him. He had pushed me into a kneeling position on the seat of the truck before he spun me around and pulled my hips toward him. I barely caught myself on the seat in front of me before he pulled my hair back forcing my head up. 

"I told you, you were going to get yourself into trouble," he said sternly before shoving his cock into me hard.

I practically screamed as he thrust into me. This wasn't the nice, sweet Shane whom I had known. This was a Shane whom I had pushed over the edge. This was a Shane who was going to take exactly what he wanted. I had to brace myself against the door of the truck as he thrust into me a second time, creating that flush yet again. When he thrust into me the third time, I came hard, shaking and gripping the seat of the truck. Shane was ruthless in his onslaught as he continued to fuck me hard, each thrust causing aftershocks throughout my body. He continued to pump into me a few more times before he gripped my hips and pulled me onto him hard. I could feel him erupt inside of me, sending shivers up my spine as my pussy contracted around his cock. Shane made a long, loud, guttural sound that made my pussy drip down my thigh as he forced himself into me one more time. 

He pulled out of me and fixed his jeans before sitting back in the drivers seat. It took all my strength to sit back up and adjust my dress. My g-string hung around my left ankle and when I went to put it back on I realized that the flimsy strap had apparently been torn. I didn't even feel Shane ripping it off of me. 

He turned the truck on and I rolled down the window and dropped my panties outside. I was confused about how I felt and where we stood. Shane noticed as I caught him staring at me from my peripherals.

"Come here," he said softly. 

It was clear that this wasn't debatable, and he pulled me back on top of him. I looked down at his chest, trying to hide from him, embarrassed by my actions, but he grabbed my chin and forced me to look at him. 

"You can't do that." He said gently

"You can't say shit like that. You know it's all true. You're all I think about. It takes everything in me not to take you every time I see you. Fuck, Morgan. I think about you all the time. Nancy and I . . . at the beach house . . . that was the first time since . . . we haven't . . ."

I put my fingers over his mouth even more ashamed of my actions now.

"Shane you don't have to make excuses for fucking your wife." I whispered. "I'm so sorry for acting like that. It was stupid . . . I was stupid. I guess I just never thought about it before I saw it." 

I didn't know what else to say and it was clear that he didn't either. I bent lower and kissed him softly and pulled away. He looked sad like he wanted to offer me more but couldn't. The strap of my dress fell from my shoulder and he carefully put it back into place and kissed the spot where it had fallen. He looked up at me and pulled me to him to kiss me again. It was a soft and sweet and he pushed his fingers through my hair. Just as he was letting go, he pulled me back and kissed me hard. The intensity grew again and his hands fell to my hips and pulled me into him. I could feel him getting hard as his hand reached under me and grabbed my ass. I moaned against his lips as I caressed his chest. I started to grind against him yet again. When his cell phone rang we both jumped. 

Shane quickly rummaged through his pocket and pulled his phone out. He let out a sigh as he put his finger to his lip, gesturing to me to keep quiet. 

"Hey Nancy," he said with a sigh. "Ya. Morgan has been sick for most of the ride. Your sister? Well does she need help? Tonight? Do you want me to go with you? What about Bobby? Ok . . . are you sure you don't want me to go?"

A slight smile crossed his face and he looked up at me.

"Ok well call if you need anything." His face became serious and he looked away from me. "Ok. Lo . . ." He looked at his phone in disbelief, clicked a button and rolled his eyes before putting it on the dashboard.

I looked at him questioningly trying to get a read on him. It was completely dark now and it was hard to see him. 

"Nancy has to go to her sisters tonight, some type of crisis that her sister always seems to have. She's taking Bobby. Will you stay with me tonight?" He was smiling but there was a need behind his façade. 

I looked out the window and smiled. 

"Will you put the hot tub on for me?" I asked, raising an eyebrow.