 Before we got to the house I realized that my bag was still in Nancy's car, which was now at her sister's house. I asked Shane if we could drive by the school so I could pick up clothes. He tried to argue that I wouldn't need any, but I insisted on grabbing some essentials. The campus was dark and there weren't many people out walking around. Sunday night was cram night. Everyone had to catch up on all the work that they had put on the backburner throughout the weekend. My dorm was toward the back of the campus and Shane had to park a considerable distance from my building. 

"I'll be right back," I said unbuckling my seatbelt as he turned off the truck.

"No way, let me walk you in," he insisted as he also unbuckled. 

I was about to argue but decided to drop it after the day we had. I swiped my ID card to get into the building and headed to the elevator. I pressed the button for the fifth floor and looked over at Shane. His hands were in his pockets and his shoulders were raised as he rocked on his heels. He had a strange smile on his face and he stared at the elevator doors. 

"What?" I asked almost giggling.

"I'm gonna see your dooo-oorm," he said still staring at the doors but now smiling like a teenager. 

I laughed and smacked him on the arm making him laugh as well. As we continued to the fifth floor I found myself glancing at him through the corner of my eye. He was so incredibly sexy and I couldn't help thinking about how he took me in his truck. I crossed my legs and leaned against the wall as I felt myself getting wet. 

I fumbled through my purse to find my keys as we walked down the hallway to my room. Shane stood close behind me with one hand on my hip as I turned the knob. I opened the door and saw Jenny standing at the mirror in a towel, fixing her makeup. The towel was very small and you could almost see her ass while her tits were squeezed together practically popping out. 

"Where the fuck have you been? Tommy had a party last night and it was fucking . . . your friend's back!" She said finally looking away from the mirror and noticing Shane was standing in the doorway with me. 

Shane kept his hand on my hip and I felt him wave at her from behind me. I hadn't even thought about running into Jenny and I didn't know how Shane felt being seen with me . . . in my dorm . . . at night . . . alone. Jenny was wild and I knew that she didn't care that he had seen her in a towel, so I walked into the room and shut the door behind us. 

"Sorry I just have to pick up a few things," I said leaning into her as we pecked each other on the cheek. 

I ushered Shane across the room to my side, in someway trying to be polite. I grabbed a bag from my closet and walked to the sink to fill it with the things I would need for the night. 

"Soooo, what are you two up to tonight?" Jenny asked teasing us. 

"I'm watching the baby . . ." It came out obvious and I quickly turned my head and mouthed "oh my God" to Shane as I filled my bag and he laughed. 

"Mmmmmmm hmmmm," Jenny said spraying some perfume into the air and stepping through it. 

Jenny walked to the middle of the room and unwrapped her towel, showing Shane her body before pulling it tighter and wrapping it back up. She was trying to be shocking. 

"So, I've always wondered . . . is Morgan any good . . . at her job, I mean." She asked Shane, placing a hand on her hip and tilting her head. 

I had to stop what I was doing to look at the two of them. Shane dropped his head and laughed as he ran his hand through his hair.

"She is amazing," he stressed the words as he raised his head to look at her. 

"I knew it!" Jenny teased as she danced her way back toward me.

"I'm going to hop in the shower, I'll see you later." She said turning back to smile at Shane. 

I rolled my eyes as she wrapped her arms around my neck from behind and kissed me on the cheek. We looked at each other through the mirror as she whispered into my ear.

"Pleaaaaaaase let me know if two want to have threesome." She said it a little louder than a whisper insuring that Shane could hear.

I laughed and rolled my eyes again as she winked at Shane and left the room. I knew that she was one hundred percent serious. I walked across the room to my dresser and started filling my bag with jeans and a t-shirt. I got butterflies when Shane pressed against my ass and grabbed the sluttiest piece of lingerie I own and held it in front of me. 

"You should just bring this," he said running his lips over my neck. 

I laughed and snatched it from his hands as I turned around to look up at him. 

"Yea? Should I be a bad girl for you baby?" I asked smiling. I felt him getting hard against me and he pushed into me as he said "yes." I couldn't hold back the moan that escaped my lips. He kissed me softly but I could feel him breathing hard. I reached my hand between us and rubbed his cock through his jeans. 

"How long does your roommate take to shower?" He asked, running his hands over my ass. 

"Haha! She is NOT going to shower. How many girls do you know, put on perfume BEFORE they get in the shower? Josh's room is in front of the bathrooms. We have a while." I had to laugh at his obliviousness, as I unbuttoned his jeans.

He looked down at me smiling as I slowly unzipped his jeans and lowered onto my knees. His jeans pooled around his ankles and his cock twitched underneath his boxer briefs. I slowly ran my lips up the length of him and gently licked the head through the fabric. I looked up at him and slightly tilted my head.

"Something have you excited?" I asked teasing him as I hooked my fingers into his boxers and began to pull them down. 

His cock sprang out and I licked his shaft making him groan.

"Hmmm?" I taunted, starting to stroke him.

I ran my lips up him again, this time without the fabric in the way. The man was insatiable, I couldn't believe how hard he was and I knew exactly why. 

"Were you thinking of what it would be like to have Jenny and I on our knees, in front of you? Taking turns licking you up and down?" I slid my tongue up his shaft until barely letting the head of his cock rest on my tongue like I would suck it. 

I placed my hand on his cock but didn't move it. I looked up at him as I lowered my head and to his surprise cupped his balls with my tongue before releasing him. Shane grabbed my head, not to force me on to him but, for balance as he gasped. 

"Could we take turns sucking you, with our tits pressed together?" My words came out as whispers. 

I pulled down the top of my dress showing him my tits and squeezing them to stress my point. Shane could hardly nod in agreement as I cupped his balls and ran my tongue up him again. This time, I flicked the head of his cock with my tongue and was rewarded with a drop of precum. I loved that Shane had endurance but the thought of him cumming so fast when I finally did begin to suck his cock, made my pussy gush. Without any panties on, I could feel my excitement running down my thighs. And although my pussy almost hurt with need for him, I wanted to make him cum. I licked him one more time before wrapping my lips around his cock. I started off slow taking him in just below the head and swirling my tongue around his cock and tightening my lips as I moved up. Shane let out a growl, and I moved with him as he balanced himself against the dresser. I did it again, this time taking in more of his cock. He wasn't even half way in yet but I couldn't swirl my tongue around him anymore, so I rolled my tongue in a wave along his shaft before again tightening my lips and sucking upwards. I held his thigh as my other hand grasped the base of his cock and lightly stroked him as I took in more. Again, I was rewarded.

"Oh fuck," Shane growled as he laced his fingers through my hair and guided me back down onto him slowly.

I quickened my pace, now able to fit almost all of him in my mouth, but not without difficulty. I alternated, stroking his cock and sucking him, never stopping either. I slightly gagged as his cock pushed into my throat, making my eyes water and my pussy drip. Shane growled and this time forced my head down farther. He almost stopped, realizing what he was doing. But I moaned around his cock, ensuring him that I was ok. 

"I'm going to cum, baby." His words were more like inhalations. 

I could feel his balls tighten and I lightly ran my fingers around them as I stroked him downwards and slowly, tightly, pulled my lips up his shaft. 

"Arrrrgh!" Shane grabbed my head with both hands and forced himself deep into my mouth. 

I felt the first shot of his cum hit the back of my throat, and I did my best to swallow what I could before again pulling upwards. This time I tasted his cum on my tongue and he pushed his cock into my mouth one last time, as the final shot hit the back of my mouth. 

I released him from my mouth and he watched me as I swallowed and ran my finger across my lips. The look on his face expressed his approval yet also showed that he wanted more. 

My pussy was still dripping wet as Shane dressed. I didn't know if it was because I had made him cum so quick or if it was the thought of Jenny and I sucking his cock. I finished packing my bag as Shane took his time looking around the room. I grabbed a pad of paper and a pen and wrote Jenny a note as we headed out the door. 

"I might just take you up on your offer. Love you Bea"

The house seemed much bigger and somehow empty without Nancy and Bobby. I had wished to be alone with Shane in this house so many times, but now it seemed almost strange. 

"Do you want a glass of wine?" He asked as awkwardly as I felt.

"Yea, haha,\ I think that might help," I said placing my bag down and leaning over the counter.

Shane fussed with some switches on the wall and I saw the backyard light up. He opened a bottle of wine and poured two glasses.

"Too bad you don't have your bathing suit, my neighbors are going to love the view of the hot tub." He said laughing and handing me a glass of wine. 

I felt the wine warm me as I took a big sip. I hadn't eaten all day and I knew I would be tipsy in no time at all. 

"Awww well tonight's not their night, because I brought a spare with me. You didn't think it would be that easy to get me naked did you?" I asked, smiling.

Shane laughed and rolled his eyes as I grabbed my bag and my wine and said I was going to go change. 

My bikini left little to the imagination. I never wore it because it was way to small to be appropriate in any other setting. It was white and see-though when it was wet. The top was really tiny and I was grateful I was waxed as I slid on the bottoms, which barely covered me. I fixed myself up and threw on a short little dress cover, that only gave a hint of the bikini beneath it. My heart raced as I thought of my outfit making Shane hard. Sucking his cock in my dorm room had made me incredibly wet and my body ached with need for him.

I tiptoed across the floor with bare feet and found Shane in the kitchen wearing only his suit bottoms. He had a dark tan from the weekend and it only made his muscles look bigger. I watched as he drank the rest of the wine in his glass and poured another. 

"Hey," I said pulling on the bottom of my dress and holding my glass out for more. 

Shane looked me up and down, and I could see him narrowing his eyes to look past the loose knit of my cover. I laughed, and grabbed the bottle from him as I headed to the backyard, pausing at the door to turn and look at him as he watched me walk. 

"Is it really hot?" I asked Shane, as he jumped in and placed his glass and the bottle of wine on the side of the hot tub. 

He smiled back at me and nodded. He froze as I stood above him and grabbed the bottom of my dress. I slowly pulled it up, wiggling my body to ease the dress over my tits. I pretended not to notice as I adjusted my tiny bikini top. The jets in the water prevented me from seeing below his hips and I wondered if I was making him hard. I also wondered if he could see how wet I was for him. I tiptoed down the stairs and into the water. I could feel the ends of my hair getting wet as the water rose past my belly button. 

We sat in the hot tub for a while drinking and talking. As I learned more about him I realized that we had never had a real conversation before. I hadn't known him that long, and talking would have taken away from the short amount of time we had alone together. He told me about his time in the Marines and his life with Nancy. Their relationship was sad and I felt bad for him, he deserved so much more than she gave him. 

Shane had placed the bottle just past my reach, and I had to lean over the edge of the hot tub to retrieve it. 

"Fuck." I heard him almost whisper from behind me as my ass came up out of the water.

I knew my bottoms were now see-through and I deliberately arched my back more than I needed to so he could see my pussy too. As I turned around, I moved my hair back and to the side showing him that my top was also see-through. My nipples were hard as the cool wind hit the wet material of my bikini top. 

"Come here," he demanded, as I crossed the water towards him. 

I sat on his lap and poured him a drink, before pouring my own. Now, I knew that he was hard and I almost moaned as his hand circled around my waist holding me in place. The combination of the wine and the heat was making me bolder than normal. We both drank from our glass and placed them on the pool deck. I sat up, letting my tits brush against his face as I turned and straddled him.

"21 questions?" I asked, wrapping my arms around his neck and wiggled on top of him. 

"How old are you?" He asked jokingly 

"Nineteen." I said laughing and slightly grinding against him, knowing that it turned him on to be with a girl so much younger than himself. 

"Ok, go for it," he said as his hands gripped my ass and pulled me into him.

"Do you like that I'm so much younger than you?" The wine might have made me bolder but part of me was still embarrassed by my question, and I quickly took a sip of wine, hiding myself from behind the glass. 

"Haha! Uhhh yes. I like it . . . a lot. Do you like that I'm older than you?" He asked pulling the glass away from me, in order to see my face.

I nodded yes and giggled. 

"What did you think . . . you know . . . when you first met me?" I asked shyly. 

"I wanted you the second I saw you. Haha I'm not going to lie I just wanted to get back home to watch you on the nanny cam," he said laughing. 

"You're such a creeper!!" I laughed and pushed his face away.

"Your turn, and you can't ask the same question!" I exclaimed.

"What's your favorite position?" He shrugged as he said it, and took a sip of his wine.

"Really? Haha that's so boring! Hmmm. Apparently I really like it up against the wall." My hips involuntarily began to slightly move back and forth as I pushed my chest out.

"Why did you do that this morning, when I was with Nancy?" He asked as his hands moved up my back and to my neck, pulling the knot that held my bikini top up. 

"It's not your turn," I practically whispered as he started on the lower strings. 

"Answer me." He was now peeling the wet fabric from my body.

I knew he was asking why I had played with myself in front of him while Nancy sucked his cock. I didn't know how to answer him and I didn't think that he would ever bring it up. 

"I don't know," I said warily as his hands started to caress my tits. 

He brought his lips to my hard nipples and lightly licked them. "That's not an answer." 

"I didn't want you to cum for her. I wanted . . . ughhh . . . I wanted you to cum for me baby." His hand had moved beneath the water and he was slowly rubbing my clit beneath my bikini. 

He kissed me hard and lifted me off of his lap. I was quickly pushed up against the edge of the pool deck, as he stood behind me. Shane lightly bit my earlobe as his hand dipped beneath my bikini bottoms. I felt his hard cock against me, and then his finger pushing past my pussy lips. 

"Oh God," I moaned as his fingers quickly pushed in and out of me. 

"I was already thinking about you this morning. I was going to cum for you then and I'm going to cum for you now," he growled into my ear as he began to pull my bottoms off. 

I grabbed his hand and turned to face him. 

"Take me . . ." I stopped and kissed his chest, looking down at the water and watching my bikini top battering against the edge of the pool deck. 

I wanted to be in his bed. I wanted to fall asleep next to him. I wanted to be his for just one night. But I quickly remembered, it was THEIR bed. It was the bed he shared with his wife, and I knew it was wrong to ask. Shane pulled me away from him and looked at me intently. I couldn't look back at him. 

"It's ok. Come on baby," he said, as if reading my mind. 

Shane grabbed my hand and led me into the house, up the stairs and into his bedroom. He sat on the bed and pulled me closer to him. Water dripped off my body as I stood in front of him. His fingers hooked beneath the strings of my bikini bottoms and slowly pulled them down. They fell quickly and landed with a small splat on the floor. I stood in front of him completely naked, I felt naked. A pang of guilt coursed through me as I realized it was because I was in THEIR room. The shame that filled my body was quickly replaced by a warm sensation that began to engulf me. My nipples hardened as Shane ran his fingers gently up and down my hips. He pulled me closer to him and began to kiss my stomach. My hands instinctually dropped to his hips and began unlacing his shorts. He stood slowly, kissing up my body. He stayed bent to lick one of my nipples as I stretched his shorts over his now, rock hard erection. My back arched, offering him more . . . I needed more. His bare cock pushed against my stomach as he forced his hips into me. I moved my body against his, knowing he needed me to touch it. 

He turned us around and put his big hands on my shoulders, lowering me down onto the bed. Suddenly, feeling vulnerable, my hands reached up covering my tits. Shane quickly grabbed them and forcefully pinned them above my head. My chest heaved as my back arched and my nipples hardened. I rubbed my legs together in anticipation as I waited for him to do - anything. His knee separated my legs, kicking them apart. His hands and body left me for an instant before I felt him again, this time below me. Shane grabbed me around my thighs, pulling them apart. My entire body shook when I felt his tongue lick my pussy lips. I quickly reached down and ran my fingers though his hair pushing his head into me.

"Keep your arms above your head." He was forceful and demanding. 

I obediently raised my hands up above me and lifted my hips off of the bed, desperately trying to feel him again. My hips bucked as his tongue returned, this time with more intensity. He licked up my pussy until he reached my clit and made light circles. 

My head turned from side to side as I moaned and grasped at the sheets above me. Then I felt his tongue slip into me, licking inside of me, fucking me. It had only been seconds and I already felt that rush of heat engulfing me. I wasn't even sure if his tongue was moving anymore, or if I was just fucking it. My hips swayed back and forth and moved up and down off of the bed. I moaned uncontrollably as my body stiffened. I almost cried when his tongue left me. He quickly replaced it with his finger as he licked me back up to my clit. His finger started to move in and out of me slowly, deliberately, and his lips sucked my clit before he made soft circles with his tongue agian. 

I completely lost control of myself. Every muscle in my body tightened and I arched my back entirely off the bed. I screamed as I came, knowing his fingers were completely soaked by my cum. 
