  Chapter 2 - The five senses

Monday morning. 11:40am. I raced home trying to be careful not to go too fast since a ticket would just slow me down. Since Friday when Krissy left me spent by the pool I'd been looking forward to Monday, not really able to think about anything else either at home or at work. 

What made it worse was that for some reason I'd decided to have a masochistic weekend and didn't masturbate. This morning I'd been seriously on edge and almost told my boss to, "Fuck off!". I kind of wish I had. I bit my lip instead. The small taste of blood added to my excitement. Weird. As far as I knew, there were no vampires in my family tree. I like to think I'm funny. 

I tried to focus on anything and everything to calm myself down and not walk around the office with a flagpole sticking out. 

As I turned on to my street, a sudden apprehension hit me. What if Krissy didn't want to? What if she decided she regretted the whole thing? What if she told someone what happened? Like her dad. What if? What if?

"Oh grow a pair," I told myself and pulled into to my driveway. I crossed a line on Friday and there was no crossing back. Not that I wanted to. 

No sneaking around today. The garage door was already open. I fumbled my key and dropped it. I grabbed it up and with trembling hands put it into the lock only to discover that the door was already unlocked. A tad odd. I opened it partway and stepped inside. My eyes first went to the baby monitor on the floor to my left. It was on with no red bars showing. Good. In a second, I realized that if the monitor was here, then Krissy must be near by. 

I opened the door further and looked to my right. I stopped dead in my tracks. "Holy Shit!" I thought with a capital 'H' and a capital 'S'.

There was Krissy, sitting on one of our rattan chairs. Buck naked. Legs spread open. Each leg tied to a chair leg with a flimsy white silk scarf knotted into a neat bow. Each arm was on an arm rest with a partially tied scarf around them - just the first part of the knot. I inhaled sharply. As if this wasn't enough, what really blew my mind as well as almost blowing something else was the fact that Krissy was blindfolded. 

I was about to tell her, "You look marvellous!" but stopped. I stood there thinking for a second. I don't know if this is what she'd had in mind, but I realized that since she couldn't see me, if I said nothing, she couldn't be sure it was me. With the garage door open and the door unlocked, I could be anybody - the mail man, the boy next door, his father, his mother. The possibilities excited me too and I realized the open doors couldn't have been for me to get in 5 seconds quicker. I decided I was going to hold my tongue - well at least as far as talking was concerned. 

I closed the door behind me, walked towards her and stopped a foot away and looked down. Step one. I gently but firmly tied the scarves around her wrists into bows. She smiled and I saw her bite her bottom lip. It was a bit pouty. 

I wanted to take a mental picture of her. I studied her. Her blonde hair was partway down her back. Her skin was a nice light brown with no tan lines in sight anywhere. Naughty girl. I'd been in such a daze on Friday I hadn't noticed that.

Her breasts were perky and just the right size. They would pass the pencil test no problem. A pencil put under them would fall immediately. 

Her areolas were about the size of a quarter and a nice darker pinkish brown. There were little bumps around the edges with a hard nipple in the middle. Going past her flat tummy, my eyes went to her pussy. My turn to lick my lips. Both sets of her lips were slightly parted and both looked moist. I tore my eyes away and continued down her slender legs and finally on down to her toes. 

I was afraid I'd forget the details and without putting any real thought into it, I whipped out my smartphone, focused for a moment and took a picture with its 5 megapixel camera. Since these cameras make an audible click when you take a picture, she heard it and I'm sure she knew immediately what it was. 

She blushed ever so slightly, which was cute, and looked like she was about to say something but didn't. Spurred on by that fact, I started snapping a few more pics. She tried to pose. In fact, I could swear this little nymphet was trying to open her legs more to give me a great shot. This girl was unbelievable. I went for a close-up picture of her pussy. I don't know if she was worried about these pictures ending up in the public but I would never do that. For now though, I was going to leave her with her uncertainty. 

I had sated my sense of sight and it was time to move on.

First I quickly undressed and threw my clothes over a laundry basket.

I began by inhaling the smell of her hair where it met her forehead. She smelled like fresh daisies. I moved slowly down her face to her cheek and stopped to breathe in. I could feel her breath on my cheek.

She leaned forward suddenly and bit my ear lobe. I pulled away and we were both smiling. 

I resumed to discover all the scents of this woman. Under her arms which had a faint smell of perspiration. Down past her breast I decided to jump to her feet and move upwards. 

When I reached between her legs I inhaled deeply. I love the smell of pussy. Each one a little different but always that intoxicating "Je ne sais quoi". I blew ever so gently onto her and she tried to move her pelvis up to make contact, but I wasn't ready for that so I quickly pulled away. 

Two senses down, three to go. 

I went to the garage, grabbed a pair of ear muffs I use while cutting the lawn on my John Deere, went back in, adjusted them to her smaller head and put them on her. Her eyebrows raised in surprise. Next I went to the kitchen, opened a drawer and took out a round, long, thin wooden spoon. From another drawer I got a rubber band and finally from the washroom I grabbed a tissue. I wrapped the tissue around the handle and secured it in place with the rubber band. I went back into the laundry room, stood next to her and waited. 

She fidgeted a bit. 

I waited. 

She opened her mouth, presumably to call out and changed her mind. 

I waited.

She trembled a little. Was she cold? Worried? 

I waited. 

I looked down between her legs and noticed a dark spot on the white cushion. Somebody was excited. Just when I figured the sensory deprivation was about to get to her, I brushed the tissue against her cheek. She jumped so much the chair moved sideways a couple inches. I brushed her other cheek and then down her forehead, nose, lips, chin and throat. She started breathing heavily.

Next I went down her arms and then went behind her. The small of her back was all that was available to me there. I gently swished it back and forth. A bead of sweat appeared on her temple.

Back in front, I traced the backs of her calves but intentionally no higher than her knees. I jumped back up to her tits and started doing 'X's across the nipples. She gasped and then started this very soft low pitched moan. It looked like she was going to break her silence satisfying my fourth sense. 

One more spot. I started first with the inner thighs to within a couple of inches of pink heaven. Up and down. Up and down. She was shivering again. 

I paused for what I considered dramatic effect and then I passed it across her pussy, so lightly that if it wasn't for her reaction, I wouldn't have been sure there had been any contact. It was as if an electric shock had been applied to her box. 

Now she started to whimper more loudly and as I continued, she finally broke down and said in a squeaky voice, "Please." 

I continued and words started to pour out, "Please, oh god, please. I need you to touch me. This is killing me." She was speaking loudly but she couldn't tell because she still had the ear muffs on. 

I noticed that the wet patch on the cushion covered most of the white triangle formed by her beautiful inner legs.

"Yes, that was good, but now I need more!" she said. She continued with her requests/orders but it hadn't quite reached the fever pitch that I was aiming for so I stopped completely and backed away.

She stopped talking immediately. Without sight and sound she moved her head around and used her nose to sniff to see if she could tell where I was. 

I look of determination came over her face and she forced herself to just sit still. I was impressed by this young girls self control. But it didn't last. It couldn't. She said, "Ok. You've seen me. You've smelled me. You've heard me. You've touched me, barely. That leaves just taste. Please. Pleeeaaasee!" She raised her hips off the chair.

"Come on you bastard!" she said. "I want it now! Come on!"

Still I made no move toward her.

She started to whimper some more and this time I think she was actually starting to cry, with anger, desire, a whole myriad of emotions.

"I hate you!", she said but it was quickly followed by, "No, no, no I didn't mean it! I love you! I'll do anything! Anywhere! Anytime! Give me what I need!" She was starting to become hysterical. 

I smiled. "Now we're talking!" I thought. She was begging.

I moved forward and licked the sweat that had gone from her temple down to her chin. I licked the tears that were running down her cheeks. Nice and salty.

I took her bottom lip into my mouth and sucked it and then bit it.

Her breath was starting to speed up. Then I attacked her right breast and sucked hard. My dick which was hard as rock brushed her thigh and I thought we were both going to come. Thankfully neither of us did. She moaned a load "Oooh!" while I just barely managed to maintain my silence. I stayed on her breasts for a few minutes and then got up.

I had one more trick up my sleeve.

I went to the freezer and got out a single block of ice.

She started to yell, "Don't you dare! Don't you bloody well dare stop!"

I ran some water over the cube and quickly hurried back. I was worried that she might start screaming and wake up the kids.

I held the ice just above her pussy so that the cold drops fell onto her clitoris and then made their way down her pussy. After a minute of this I put the cube directly onto her clitoris. I was hoping to numb it a bit.

It was finally time and I guess Krissy instinctively knew it.

When I took the ice off, she lifted her hips off the cushion once more.

My tongue started at the space between her anus and her cunt and slowly traced upward.

"Yes!" she said in a voice that sounded like it was coming from a succubus.

I licked up the full length of her pussy and then sucked her clitoris. She took a sharp intake of breath and held it. 

"Oh sweet Jesus this tastes like heaven!" I thought. "If I could milk her and bottle this into a drink, I could retire in no time!"

Fortunately, the ice had done its trick and she didn't come immediately.

I repeated the full-length licking a few times and finally settled on the hard candy at the top. I sucked. I rotated my tongue around it. I picked up the pace. She started pumping her hips into my face and I pressed my chin into her pubic bone. 

A crescendoing "Ah" escaped from her mouth and she came in a frenzy like a wild animal! 

She sat back down panting.

My turn, though without any ice, I didn't expect this to last long.

"I hope you're going to fuck me!" she said.

Oh, how I wanted to, but I had already decided not this time.

I stood up and put my cock in her right hand. She grabbed it and gave a few pumps. Then she reached for my balls. She started to squeeze and said, "I should pay you back for what you did to me!"

She squeezed some more but just on the borderline of it crossing over from sexual play she let go.

"Except that I loved what you did to me!"

I moved into position and put my penis onto her lips. She opened them and took my desperate cock inside. She deep throated me a couple times and then started sucking up to half way. I started pumping. I couldn't take it. Her tongue rotating around me was driving me crazy.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" I thought.

Just as I was about to come I pulled out and came over her face and then onto her chest.

I don't think I'd ever had an orgasm like that before.

I slowly dressed. I decided to take one last gorgeous picture of her covered in my come.

I gave her a kiss on the lips and took the ear muffs off because I wanted her to hear my next move.

I went out the door and locked it. After a few seconds I closed the garage door.

I had stopped on the first step and leaned back on the door with my ear to listen.

After a few seconds I heard Krissy say, "Hello? Hello! Hey! You forgot to let me go!"

Silence and then, "Oh shit! Oh shit! This is not good!"

I held my ground.

"Oh fuck! If I'm found like this…Oh fuck!"

I opened back the door and went inside.

"Bastard!" she said but she was smiling.

I undid the scarf around one wrist. One more kiss and I was off before she could remove her blindfold.

I wondered what next time would bring and this time I knew there would be a next time.