 Disclaimer: All characters in the following story involved in any sexual activity are 18 years old or older.

Request: Take 2 seconds to vote on the story or better yet, 2 minutes and leave a comment - Thanks! 




When I got home Sunday I carefully entered the house so that Janet wouldn't see my raging hard-on. While driving back home I kept playing the scene over and over in my head - Krissy blowing my mind, not to mention that other part of my body, in the movie theatre surrounded by her "gang" of hottie girlfriends who were also either masturbating or being eaten. It was as if I'd taken a too many Viagra pills.

I was sitting at the kitchen table when Janet came down from putting the twins to sleep. 

"Did you find your new girlfriend?" she asked.

I spurted out some of the water I'd been drinking. "What?" I managed to get out.

"To replace Becky?"

"Huh?" I was totally confused.

"The new BBQ?" Janet looked and me and frowned a bit.

"Oh, right," I said. I sometimes named my bigger toys and "BbeQie", pronounced "Becky", was my BBQ. "Yeah, I think I'll go with a five burner Weber." 

"Well you'd better wheel her out in the middle of the night when she's sleeping. Don't forget 'Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned'."

This was getting too weird but a psychotic thought ran through my head to tell Janet that my new BBQ was going to be called "Krissy". Thankfully my better senses prevailed. 

Janet walked to the table with a full plate and cutlery in her hand. Janet was no Krissy but she was good looking - a brunette with long hair and a cute face. Her body was getting back to having the curves in just the right places after giving birth. She was wearing a very low cut top and her nipples were poking through.

As she passed I got up and came around behind her. I pulled her to me and said, "You look sexy in that top honey. How about we do some of our own screaming tonight?" I pressed myself to her.

"Oh put that thing away," she said chuckling. "I'm wearing this top because it gives easy access to my breasts..."

"Perfect," I said reaching around to cup them.

She swatted my hands away and continued, "...which allows me to quickly feed Timmy and Tommy which I've just finished doing. All I have energy for is to eat this cold dinner, take a quick shower and crawl into bed to get a couple hours shut eye before the parasites demand room service. Sorry dear."

"No problem," I said good-naturedly. I would take matters into my own hands.

Later while Janet took her shower I took care of myself for the first time that night. An hour later the boner was back after I remembered Jen swallowing my cum in the cinema. My thoughts then turned to panty-less Krissy flashing some guys and/or girls on the subway. After an hour of being erect I had to repeat.

I drank a couple glasses of single malt to try to help but I still almost didn't sleep a wink Sunday night. Krissy and I had had three amazing sexual encounters but still had not "done the deed" yet. Lunchtime tomorrow was going to be bliss and I couldn't wait. Putting the kids back to sleep a couple times during the night after their feedings didn't help either.

At work the next day I was a bit of a "basket case" with anticipation. I put salt in my coffee and misspelled my bossy's name in two different emails. I kept glancing at my watch which for days had been counting down to Monday lunchtime. When it reached zero at 11:30am, I practically ran down the corridor lightly bumping one or two people out the way as I mumbled "Excuse me" or "Sorry".

I was going at least 30 km/h over the speed limit and wondered idly if a policeman pulled me over, and I told him why I was rushing, if he'd give me a police escort.

I turned the corner onto my street. It was all I could do not to pull out my dick and start stroking myself. I swung into our driveway and my heart almost stopped in shock.

*** 

On Sunday, Krissy and her friends had made their way on to the subway. They took up a whole section of a car where they alternated between chattering loudly away and sometimes huddling and whispering.

"Girl, he is fine," said Ebony. 

"He's a keeper," said Red. 

Jen, who was sitting next to Krissy with her head on her shoulder, simply said, "Thank you." She had a dreamy look in her eyes as if she was still picturing Mr. Adams' cock in her mouth. "Can I have Mark?"

Krissy thought that she was probably supposed to feel angry. Jen always seemed to want what Krissy had. From backpacks to skirts to cocks. She wasn't sure what was happening to her though. She'd lusted after people before and she'd thought she'd found love with her Mark but this seemed to be all that and then some. The only word she could think of to describe this was "obsession". She'd never been obsessed by anything or anyone before. It scared her a bit because she wasn't sure what she was or wasn't willing to do to satisfy her need for Mr. Adams.

She noticed the boy across from them was pretending to read his Batman Returns comic book but kept glancing over at her and the whole group. Like Sharon Stone in Basic Instinct, Krissy uncrossed and then crossed her legs. The boy dropped his comic and his jaw in shock . Krissy winked at him. He bent to pick up his comic but kept his gaze upward. Krissy opened her legs wide and let the boy stare at her.

He took off his backpack and put it in his lap. He tried not to be obvious about it but Krissy was pretty sure that he masturbated right there on the subway.

"My kind of guy," Krissy thought.

As she got up to leave at her station she walked over to him, leaned over and said, "You should have just asked me to suck it for you."

She wouldn't have or at least she didn't think she would have but she thought it would give him something nice to jerk off to and it didn't cost her a thing.

When she got home she avoided her parents so they wouldn't see the skirt she had cut even shorter. There had been a small fight over the original length.

After her shower, she lay in bed naked planning Monday's lunchtime rendezvous. She was so looking forward to having Mr. Adams' cock inside of her. She wanted him to fill her and put her seed into her. She was on the pill so she felt the risk was low enough for him not to wear a condom and she wanted to feel his skin and not some rubber sliding in and out of her.

She wanted it to be special in some way and something more than the raw sex that they had been having – not that she didn't enjoy that immensely. She settled on what to do, masturbated and fell asleep.

***

"Oh my fucking god!" thought Jack as he turned into his driveway.

Janet's car was there. His erection was gone in a flash as thoughts raced through his head. He hoped to god that Krissy hadn't been waiting naked at the door for him.

While Jack had no wish for a divorce – he loved his twins and Janet when it came right down to it – if he was honest with himself, one of his worries was not being able to fuck Krissy today and maybe ever. 

"Deep breaths. Deep breaths. Think. Focus. Krissy's a smart girl so if she wasn't caught off guard I should be able to salvage this," thought Jack.

He walked boldly into the door to the garage and shouted, "Hey honey. You here too? What a nice surprise. Let's have a quick lunch together."

"We're in here," he heard Janet call from the dining room. Her voice sounded neutral which he hoped was a good sign.

He steeled himself and walked in.

There was my Krissy looking breathtaking sitting down talking to my wife. I caught Krissy's eye and could see a little panic in them but the scene seemed calm enough.

The table was set up for a romantic candlelight meal with a single rose in the middle. Ignoring it would be like ignoring the elephant in the room so I said, "Hello ladies. What's all this?"

"Look Jack. I'd been telling Krissy how tired I was to go out for an evening so she decided to get a romantic dinner ready for us. Isn't that sweet?"


"Really? How thoughtful of you Krissy."

"Jack will give you a little something extra to show how much we appreciate it. And look at her. Isn't she radiant? She was trying on her outfit for tonight. She's heading out right after I get home."

"Yeah, you look great Krissy," I said trying to seem like I was mostly being polite and not really looking at her. Truth be told though she was stunning. She had on a "little black dress" that was both sexy and tasteful. It showed off her gorgeous contours and came down to just below mid-thigh. Only a touch of makeup which suited her perfectly because she really didn't need any. Her hair was brushed back elegantly but thankfully not done up in some fancy style that didn't suit her.

"Yes, she's trying to get her boyfriend, or I guess I should say ex-boyfriend, off her mind. You remember Mark? The Silverton boy. Well he had the nerve to break up with Krissy. I mean look at her Jack. Would you ever give her up?"

"No. Not in a million years," I said nonchalantly yet meaning every word of it.

"Oh look. You're making her blush Jack. By the way, what are you doing home?"

"Oh, um, the boys were thinking of nicking off work a couple hours early to get in a round of nine so I came for my golf clubs and clothes. But I'll tell them to go ahead so I can come home and have this fabulous dinner with you." I went over to Janet and gave her a kiss.

"How about you?"

"Oh, I forgot my USB stick home and I need some stuff on it to put in my presentation this afternoon. Sorry I won't be able to have lunch with you. I'm just going to run up and give the twins a kiss and head out."

"Okay. I'm going to head back to work too then."

I got up and started walking to the laundry room. I could hear Janet on the stairs. Krissy followed me. I opened the door to go but turned back. Krissy was looking at me. I felt I needed to say something.

"Krissy. That would have been a very special moment in time for us. Thank you. I meant what I said. 'I would never give you up.'"

Krissy stepped quickly forward and put her arms around my neck and pulled me down for a kiss. Maybe it was just static electricity but I think it might have been the pent up energy in us discharging itself. My arms went around her waist. She had on a perfume I hadn't smelt before and it made my head swoon. We heard footsteps on the stairs again presumably coming down instead of up. I reluctantly tore my self away and yelled, "Bye dear!" as I stumbled to my car.

Needless to say I found the rest of the day at work comparatively uneventful. I came home at the normal time. As usual, Krissy was already gone. Janet and I had a romantic meal and after the twins went down, we made love for the first time in a long while. Janet assumed that it was because of how long it had been that I was so energetic. Maybe there was a little truth to that. But she didn't realize that in my mind I was fucking the living daylights out of Krissy.

***

After Janet drifted off to sleep I went down to my study to have a drink. I wondered what Krissy was doing. Did she really go out in the end? Did Mark really break up with her or was it the other way around? Either way I was glad. I didn't like the idea of any other male touching my Krissy. What were we going to do? 

All of a sudden, I had an idea. I sat down at my computer and logged in. I logged in to my "poolsidelaundryroom" Skype account and waited to see. I knew I was grasping at straws and didn't know how long I was willing to wait. Not ten seconds went by when I had an incoming call from a "cinemagirl". I answered and saw Krissy on the other end in what I presumed was her bedroom.

"Jeez, that was close Mr. Adams," Krissy started. Seeing me seemed to put her back in the moment as she started speaking quickly. "Lucky I had chosen to be decent today and she didn't walk in on my in my birthday suit...and when she asked about the romantic setup, well, my mind just blanked for a second but I think I recovered ok...and then when she asked..."

I looked around her room. Pink sheets, teddy bears, some posters of some musicians I didn't recognize, a Barbie alarm clock, a ballerina jewelry box – all typical of a girl's room. That was quite a contrast with what Krissy was wearing. It looked like it was straight out of a Victoria Secret catalogue. Black and white panties with a string for the waistband with matching bra top that barely covered her breasts. It continued down in a sheer material that opened at the front with a tie string hanging down from where yesterday I had slid my buttered cock. With Krissy's looks, she easily belonged in the catalogue.

"I missed you today Krissy," I said. That seemed to get through to her and bring her back to the present.

"You have no idea. I forced myself to go out since that was what I'd told Mrs. Adams. You know how sometimes when you're surrounded by people you feel all the more alone? Well that's how I felt in the clubs – all I could think about was you. How was your dinner?"

"Excellent. Thank you again Krissy for trying to give us such a special 'first time'. It means a lot to me."

"And after dinner?" asked Krissy.

"Um..." I wasn't sure what to say. How much would she actually want to know? "We um, spent the evening doing things we haven't done in a long time."

"So I got to mope and you got laid – great."

"Oh, oh," I thought. Was this where the trouble would start? We hadn't talked about what we were doing. I tried to read Krissy's expressions. I knew I couldn't be anything but one hundred percent honest with Krissy. I adored her too much for anything less. I took a deep breath and said, "Um...Krissy, you know I'm not planning to leave my wife, right? There's no way with the twins."

For a moment Krissy didn't say anything. She just sat there looking at the camera but I knew she didn't see me. She was looking inside. 

I started to mentally kick myself or rather my conscience. "You had to go and be all mister 'nice and honest' guy, didn't you? Now you'll never see Krissy again nor get the chance to stick your dick into that lovely pussy!" I felt stupid but I know I couldn't have done anything else and still live with myself.

"Yeah, Mr. Adams. I know," said Krissy finally. "I wouldn't feel about you the way I do if I thought for a second that you were the kind of man who could just up and leave your kids."

Things were looking up.

"I'll take whatever I can of you - it won't be enough but that'll make what I do take even more precious. Make no mistake. I will be taking everything I can." The bad girl grin was back. "So, what are we gonna do now?"

"I don't know. We're going to have to cool it for a while. I can't afford to get caught 'dropping' in at lunch time again. We're going to have to have a 'long distance across the street' relationship for a while."

She sighed. "I suppose you're right." A few seconds later she looked up brightly. "I have an idea."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah. Do you have something to make a blindfold?"

"I suppose."

"Ok, do it. And make sure I can see all of you."

I hesitated but then I got up and locked the door to my study.

"Good idea," said Krissy and she got up to lock hers.

"Holy shit," I thought. "Her door was open?! Her parents could have walked in any second."

I adjusted the webcam, took off my top which was a bit stretchy and was about to tie it around my eyes when Krissy said, "Wait a sec. I want you to have a nice picture in your head." 

She pulled open the bow on the string that was keeping the bra part of her lingerie tied. It opened to reveal her beautiful breasts and hard nipples. Then she bunched up her panties so they were wedged between her pussy lips.

She grinned. "That should be good enough for now."

I proceeded to tie the shirt around my eyes. I couldn't see a thing.

"How many fingers am I holding up Mr. Adams?"

"I'm not peeking Krissy."

She laughed. "Oh I believe you," she said. "I definitely believe you. Ok, now how about showing me that cock I was supposed to ride today?" 

I pulled off my pants and then my boxers. My cock was hard.

"There he is! Lovely view you're providing. Now tell me what you were hoping to do with it today."

"I wanted you to put it flat against my tummy and sit on it with your pussy. I wanted you to lube it with your pussy juice and then slide up and down my cock."

I cupped my balls with my left hand and started jerking off slowly with my right. 

"That's nice Mr. Adams. Really nice. You said I could tell you anything right?"

"Uh, huh," I said, half listening. Imagining that today had gone ahead as planned was taking most of my attention as I stroked myself.

"Well, I like to watch people masturbate...men...women...even myself sometimes."

That caught me by surprise. It was unexpected but not unwelcome. "Well, why wouldn't you? It's a beautiful thing to watch people who are really doing it."

"Yeah, not the porn actors."


"No. It's when it's real that it's special."

"And then when they come. I think I see a moment of divineness in their face."

"You sure you're just eighteen Krissy?"

She laughed. "So what else after I rubbed my pussy over your cock?"

"You would cup my balls, put your hand on the shaft of my cock and lower your mouth onto it. You would tease the head of it and then rise up and lower your snatch so it also took the head of it in."

"Hmmm...I like the sound of that. I'd use my pussy muscles to squeeze your head."

My hand was getting wet and sticky with pre-cum. I wiped my hand on my stomach and continued to pump my cock – now with a better grip.

"Yeah, Mr. Adams. Work it. What would happen next?"

I could clearly hear the sweet sound of Krissy shoving her fingers in and out of her pussy.

"Then you would slowly go up and down so that every time you went down you went another millimetre or two lower and eventually you would shove down hard on to me."

"As I go down, you'd push up with all your might. Get as far into me as possible."

"I would grab your ass and pull you even further down onto me. Then I'd start to rub your clitoris as you moved your hips back and forth on me."

I started to pump faster and I could hear Krissy doing the same.

The tension in my cock was building and I wasn't sure how long I had left. "I also want to watch you masturbating Krissy."


"I'm not masturbating."

The sounds of Krissy masturbating had not stopped.

"Liar!" I said playfully and pulled off my blindfold. And there was Krissy giving it to herself. I said, "I could hear you doing it..." and my voice trailed off. Something wasn't right. Oh it was sexy seeing her pleasure herself but there was something. Krissy had her knees up spread wide, eyes closed while finger fucking and playing with her breasts, And then it hit me like a ton of bricks. Krissy was fondling both her breasts. There was a third female hand that was the one making her cunt make the lapping noises.

"Oh my," was all I could manage.

Krissy opened her eyes and smiled and said, "See. Told ya. Now if you'll excuse me, I have some cumming to do. Hope you like the show. We've been enjoying yours."

"Holy crap," I thought. I wondered if it was one of the girls from the cinema. Jen maybe? The back of a head moved into camera view as it started to eat my Krissy's cunt. The girl had long black hair that was tied into a single loose ponytail. It couldn't be Krissy's younger sister or her MILF mom as they were both also natural blondes."

"Oh yeah, watch me cum Mr. Adams. Watch me cum. Ooh!"

I started pumping myself as fast as possible.

Krissy grabbed the brunettes head and pushed it into her pussy. She wrapped her legs around her and started bucking. "Oh god! They'll all see...they'll all cum while watching me cum. Yes!"

I could hold it no longer and exploded too. 

Krissy threw her head back with her final yell. She was stretched out completely and went still. It was as if she wasn't breathing, just holding on to her benefactor or maybe that should be "benefucktor". Then slowly she unwrapped her legs from the girl and she pulled away out of sight.
