 Reaching for my sunglasses, I head out the door. Oops, I forgot his drink. I was ready. I was taking lunch out to my husband, who was in the field picking stones. He would either be in 6 or 1, they were right beside each other so I knew I would find him. 


I had the kidlet all taken care of with someone to watch him. Backing the van out of the garage, cranking the music up, I knew this was going to be an adventure to remember. 

Driving the few miles out to the farm seemed to take forever. I came over a slight hill on the road and seen the tractor in the far corner of the field. It was turning towards the approach I was driving up to. Putting the van in park, I threw the keys on the floor besides the seat. Grabbing his sandwiches and drink, I walked over to the upcoming tractor. 

He was teasing at me to undo my top and flash him, like I've done before. I point towards the tractor in the next field. He shrugs his shoulders as in "who cares Tam, you did this before!" He opens the door and I climb the few steps to get in. We kiss and say hi.

He drives the tractor around for about 20 minutes picking stones, making it appear we are actually working. He tells me he wants to show me this piece of land over in the corner of the field. It used to be a pasture, but was not used for years. He stops the tractor, grabbing his drink. We walk over the seeded ground to the tall grass. Barbed wire laying on the ground as a reminder to where the fence was. 

I am wearing a one piece short outfit and sandals, so walking thru the tall grass and prickly weeds was not a pleasant experience. The grass and small trees scratched my legs as we walked. Talking, listening to the peace and quiet. Frogs croaking, birds singing in the distance. I was petrified that a snake would slither across my path. We came to an clearing, so I decided to be silly. Taking great leaps in the air, I started to sing "The land is alive, with the sound of music." Which scared him, cause he thought I was jumping cause I seen a snake. Then he laughed at me, knowing my sense of humor.

We continued walking. Having to follow a (possible) cow path. The branches breaking so easily. It's very dry in there. We came to another clearing. He started walking ahead of me, I let him on purpose. As I walked, I undid each button on my short outfit. He was talking about a dugout that should be around the corner, he turned, as I had the outfit down to my waist now. Standing there with my clothes half off. All he seen was my lacey white bra. I give him a sultry look. I wanted one thing out of this walk, and he knew it. He just didn't know when to expect it. 

Walking over to me, we embraced and our lips were like magnets. His hand cupped my breast, my nipples were hard. He held me close, my hand went to his already hard cock, I loosened his jeans. Letting them fall to the ground as my hand reached its goal. I stroked his cock with a sure hand. I pushed my shorts down and stepped out of them. Standing there in my bra, panties and sandals. I bent over and took his cock in my mouth giving him a gentle lick. Then sucking his cock hard and fast. I knew what I wanted from him that was clear. He got the best gobie I could ever give a man. I held his shaft with both hands. One set of my long white fingers was wrapped around it at the base. The other set was up by the head. I had only been able to work about 5 inches of it in my mouth, no matter how much I tried. He chuckled as he eased my head back to his throbbing dick. It did something to him when I took it all the way in.

Stopping, I stood up. Our lips meeting again. I push his jacket off his arms. I take my short outfit and lay it over the dead grass, he lays his jacket to make a bigger "blanket" for me to lay on. I remove my panties. Throwing them on the ground. Taking me in his arms, pushing me to the "blanket". The sun is shining so brightly. I have sunglasses on but it doesn't help. I keep my face in line with his to block the sun as we endeavor onto the next phase.

Spreading my legs, he presses his cock up against my pussy lips. I watch his eyes as he starts grinding into me. Running my fingers tips lightly over his cheeks, pulling his face down to mine. Sucking gently on his lower lip. My right hand, I move to his ass. Inching my fingers closer the split. His hips moving into mine. My arms are not long so I can not keep teasing him. He is in control of himself, not letting a single drop of cum shoot out as we fuck on the open ground.

My moans got louder and louder, until they could have been called screams. I remember looking to the side and seeing the tall grass and weeds swaying slightly in the breeze. The birds flying over head. Probably scared of the squeals I was making. I dug my nails into his back, wanting more. But he stops. 

Telling me to get on all fours. I rest my knees on the shorts and my hands on his jacket. My outer legs are stinging from the scratches the weeds gave me as his thrusts moved my body slightly against them. 

I raised my ass up in the air and he inserted his penis from the back. It started out slower this time. While I reached between my legs and rubbed my sensitive bud, he leaned forward and caught my hanging breasts with his hands and played with them. After a while, he started moving fast and I had to move my hands to stop from being pushed over. Placing his hand on my clit, he began to cruelly squeeze and pinch it. I cried out in surprise but I should say that the sensation was amazing. Being fucked gently and my clit being punished like that. It was great! Not long of this and I spun into my second orgasm, just minutes after the first one. Wave after wave of exquisite pleasure washed over me, spasm after spasm jolted through my body until I was almost hurting from the strain. My whole body feeling sore, I collapsed on my stomach, still trembling, beginning to relax.

He started moaning and groaning as he reached his climax. He came hard deep inside of me. Grabbing my hips into him as he deposited his last drop of cum in my pussy. 

He pulled his dripping cock out, and I slightly turned to look at him. His mongrel was still hard. I smiled. As he got up, his knees were dirty from leaning on the ground as we fucked. He pulled his underwear and jeans up. As I grabbed my panties, I said "Oh great, now I'm going to have wet panties till I get home." He said "won't be the first time tam!" And we laughed as we got dressed. Walking back to the tractor, I told him that it is wood tick season and he might have to check my ass for them again!! We laughed. 

Next time we will bring a blanket, maybe a pillow and an umbrella too lmao.