 The text message from Heidi's maid-of-honor was definitely a surprise. I'd only met her a couple of times so I assumed that the sole reason she'd be contacting me would be about something having to do with the wedding. I wasn't even in the wedding, so even that was a stretch, but I figured the best way to determine what was going on would be to call her, as the message had requested. I gave her a call and received another, much bigger, surprise.

As Heidi's best friend, Taura had wanted to make sure that Heidi had the opportunity for one last hurrah before she got married. Part of that, of course, would be the bachelorette party but there had also been something else that Taura had wanted to try to do for her. On a recent night out, Taura had gotten Heidi pretty drunk and posed the question "If you could have sex with one last guy before committing yourself completely to the institution of marriage, who would it be?" I wasn't at all prepared to learn that Heidi had picked me. We didn't know each other all that well, but we did flirt plenty, so maybe there was some kind of chemistry there. Taura continued that, a few days later when they were both sober, she reminded Heidi of her choice and asked if it had been accurate or just drunken rambling. Heidi confirmed her selection.

So, Taura's point in contacting me was to gauge my interest in helping her give Heidi a very special present for her bachelorette party. My mind was reeling. I was absolutely interested in getting naked with Heidi, but I was married so I wasn't sure how we'd be able to pull it off. I shared these thoughts with Taura, who was determined to fulfill her best friend's last wish, as it were, and said that she would figure something out and get back to me. She also asked me to keep our conversation between the two of us and I asked that she do the same.

It didn't take long for Taura to cook up a feasible story to get me out of the house on the day in question to "help Heidi and Taura with some wedding/bachelorette party stuff." My wife bought into the whole "in his best interest, certain things are being kept from her fiancé for now" and asking me to help because there wasn't much chance that I'd let certain sensitive information slip because I didn't know him well enough. I ended up meeting Taura at a hotel at 3pm so that she could check into the room she'd reserved for both the afternoon's festivities between Heidi and me and for the bachelorette party that night. The room itself had a really nice large bed but, even better, it had a Jacuzzi tub and a separate, glass-enclosed shower in the bathroom. Immediately I was thinking that I should be in the Jacuzzi when Heidi arrived.

Taura had brought a bottle of champagne and a bucket for it, which she went and filled with ice while I got the tub started filling. The plan was that she'd pick Heidi up, give her the key and tell her that there was a surprise waiting for her. I was planning to be waiting in the hot tub for her when she arrived. While Taura left to pick up Heidi, I set the champagne and glasses alongside the tub, then stripped down, stashed my clothes in a drawer and slipped into the hot tub.

I was completely relaxed by the time Heidi arrived. She walked in and looked around, wondering what her surprise was I'm sure, then investigated the noise from the bathroom and found me sitting there waiting for her. She stopped in her tracks and just goggled for a minute, her brain trying to wrap itself around what she was seeing. When she finally said "Hi," I returned the greeting and asked her if she wanted to join me.

"I don't have a swimsuit," was her immediate reply.

"Neither do I," was my response as I waited for everything to finally click into place for her.

She finally sucked in her breath and a naughty smile crossed her visage as she reached for the bottom of her t-shirt. She pulled it quickly over her head then unbuttoned, unzipped and dropped her shorts. My cock was rising under the warm water as I got a look at her in bra and panties before she reached back to pop open her bra and shook it down her arms. Her tits were moderately sized with hard, pink nipples and small areolas. As she leaned forward to slide her panties down her legs and her tits swayed freely, I thought I caught a glimpse of something unexpected. When she straightened up, I could see that my eyes had not deceived me; her pussy was shaved completely bare!

I couldn't take my eyes off of her naked physique as she approached the hot tub, sat on the edge and swung her legs around into the water. Before she had a chance to slip completely into the water, I moved over toward her and pushed her knees apart, kissing my way along her smooth inner thighs toward her hairless pussy. Her fingers were in my hair as I ran my tongue up her smooth slit and tasted the pungent juices that had already begun to collect. She moaned as the tip of my tongue passed over her clit and I slipped a finger into her slippery pussy. I started to lick and suck her clit while pumping my finger in and out as my cock continued to grow under the water. Since my presence had come as a surprise, I was expecting to spend some time building her up before she came, which was okay because a shaved pussy is so much fun to eat.

As I continued going down on her, her pussy became more slick as time went on and her soft moaning became more insistent and much louder. I detected a subtle movement of her hips toward my face as she was leaning back slightly, supporting herself on one arm while one hand still held my head in place. My free hand had slid up to fondle each of her breasts and gently pull her hard nipples but eventually came back down to caress the smooth skin around her pussy. When she was getting to the point where she seemed to be forcing her pussy against my face, I got the sense the she was getting really close to cumming. I just continued slipping my finger in and out of her while licking and sucking her clit as her moaning became more like whimpering and she seemed to be tensing up.

With a cry of relief, the tension suddenly left her body and she shivered several times as she came. I raised my head once I sensed she was done and waited for the dazed look on her face to clear. Once she was with me again, I reached for her waist and pulled her toward me so that, as I sat down again in the water, she was straddling me. I reached down to guide my throbbing tool into her smooth, slippery pussy and we both moaned as she sat down on it. It was kind of weird to slide right in, feeling the slickness of her pussy, but not really sensing the heat as much because the water was so warm. It still felt awesome, though, as she started to slowly ride up and down and my hands moved around from her waist to her ass.

We were looking into each other's eyes as if we were both trying to confirm that this was really happening while both enjoying the way it was feeling. We started moving our heads closer together so that our lips met and we were soon making out as she started riding me harder. Her ass felt almost as good in my hands as her pussy did sliding up and down my aching cock, so I was squeezing and kneading it as I lifted and lowered her. I was also pushing up into her each time I pulled her down so that I was getting maximum penetration into her slick pussy. We were making some serious waves but it was a bit of an awkward position; had it not been for the buoyancy created by the water, it would have been very difficult to pull off for an extended period.

When I almost dunked Heidi in the water because my hands slipped, I thought it was time to make a change, anyway. I had her climb off me and turn around, leaning on the edge of the tub while I lined up from behind and slipped back into her. Again, her pussy felt fantastic and now I was able to admire her ass as my hips smacked into it repeatedly. As soon as I was sliding in and out of her again, I could feel the stirrings of an orgasm and, as I noticed her slipping a hand back between her legs, I hoped that she was feeling the same thing. I reached forward to cup her dangling breasts and felt her hard nipples brushing my palms. She was pushing back hard against me as I fucked her, letting out the occasional moan or other encouraging utterance.

As her moaning got more intense and the level of pleasure I was feeling started to dramatically increase, I released her tits and grasped her by the hips again. I wasn't so much fucking her fast as I was fucking her hard with long, full strokes; I wanted to feel the hot slickness of her pussy on every inch of my shaft. As I felt her pussy becoming more slippery and, seemingly, more engorged, she was pushing back harder against me each time I thrust into her. I was mentally thanking Taura for putting me in the position where I was fucking Heidi and we were both immensely enjoying it. I wondered if Heidi was thinking the same thing as she pushed back against me and let out a loud moan while I felt tremors within her pussy. I was very close to cumming by then, myself, so when she started moving again, I picked up my pace. It was just a few minutes later that I let out my own moan and shot my load into her.

When I was finally spent, I pulled out and sat down and she quickly joined me. We kissed a few more times, then I reached for the champagne and shot the cork out the bathroom door while she held the glasses. We toasted to Taura for putting us where we were and agreed that there was currently no place either of us would rather be. We talked and soaked and drank the champagne for a little while, enjoying each other's company while recharging for another go. After a while, as the water in the tub began to cool, I think we both got the same idea to try out the large, glass-enclosed shower. We started draining the tub, then headed over and got the water temperature adjusted in the shower before stepping in. I grabbed the hotel-provided shower gel, got a good lather going in my hands and started to soap her up, starting with her tits.

She moaned as my hands brushed over her hard nipples and caressed the soft flesh of her tits before spreading the lather over the rest of her body. We made out again as my hands lathered up her ass and a finger slipped between her cheeks to massage her anus causing her to pull her cheeks together and moan into my mouth. I finished by massaging her smooth pussy more than actually lathering it up since most of my lather had rinsed away by then. My cock had started to revive as I'd been rubbing her, but responded a lot faster as she lathered it up with her hands full of shower gel. She had one soapy hand gently pulling on my tool while the other massaged my balls, so I was rock hard in no time at all. Rather than trying to have sex in the shower when there was a perfectly nice bed in the hotel room, we rinsed off and helped each other get dry then headed that way.

While I lay on my back in the middle of the bed, Heidi kneeled between my spread legs and grasped my rigid cock in her fist. As she stroked it, she lowered her head and licked my thoroughly cleansed balls. I moaned and reached down to run my fingers through her hair as I watched her pink tongue travel from my balls, up my shaft and around the head. Her lips finally closed around the head and her mouth sunk down over my cock as she continued pumping the base. Now out of the tub, I was feeling cooler, so her mouth felt even hotter as it started sliding up and down over my throbbing tool. She was no slouch when it came to cocksucking so I definitely appreciated lying there being serviced. Although I had no issues with taking care of her needs, I was pleased that, since this was her fantasy so-to-speak, she was also into giving as much as receiving.

I'm not sure what I was enjoying more: the feel of her hot mouth sliding up and down my cock or the visual that accompanied it. Each time she looked up and made eye contact while her lips were wrapped around my tool made me even harder. She ended up sucking me off just long enough to make absolutely certain that I was completely rigid, then climbed up to straddle me. I watched as she guided my cock to her smooth pussy, then eased herself down on it, causing both of us to moan. My hands were resting on her thighs but, as she started to ride me, I had to slide them up to fondle her tits. She was sitting straight up, bouncing up and down on my tool, so I could see her smooth pussy, her flat stomach and her freckled tits as she fucked me. Her pussy felt fantastic as it slid up and down and I was thoroughly enjoying it despite being temporarily engrossed in her tits.

She gradually went from sitting straight up-and-down and bouncing on my shaft to leaning forward and rocking forward and back. Her hands landed on either side of my head, bringing her swinging tits closer to my face, so my hands slid down and around to her ass while my tongue and lips worked on her nipples. I was pushing up into her now, my ass coming up off the bed, as she slammed herself back onto my tool with greater force as her pussy became slicker and more engorged. Her low moaning was quickly becoming rapturous cries as she moved faster and faster until she slammed herself back and shuddered as she came.

I watched the ecstatic expression on her face transform into a smile as she opened her eyes and looked down at me. Before she started riding me again, though, I rolled her over and started fucking her. She pulled her legs up so that her knees almost touched her tits and her feet rested on my back while I lowered my lips to hers and we started making out. Now that I was in control, I was sliding the full length of my rigid shaft in and out of her pussy with long, slow strokes. Her pussy felt so hot and slippery and, with each thrust, I could feel the stirrings of another orgasm. Fucking her felt so incredible, but having her sucking my cock had felt pretty awesome, as well, so I decided that, before I reached the point of no return, I'd slip my cock back into her mouth to finish up.

In the meantime, I relished the feeling of her pussy as I slid in and out of her, over and over. I also was enjoying the feel of our tongues intertwining as we made out continuously the entire time that I was fucking her. When my building orgasm finally got to the point where I was feeling ready to let it rip, I pulled my lips away from hers as I slipped my cock from her pussy. Straightening up on my knees, I moved up over her and guided my cock into her waiting mouth while she grabbed my ass. Right away she started to voraciously suck my cock as I humped toward her face. One of her hands came around from my ass to fondle my swinging balls, pushing me a bit further along. I was relishing the feel of her mouth as I had the feel of her pussy, knowing that, after today, the odds were against ever being in this position again.

My orgasm was delayed slightly by the change of position, but after just a few minutes of her sucking, it was rapidly approaching once again. When she moved the hand that was still on my ass to the base of my shaft to pump it as she was sucking it, I knew I was done for. My cock began to swell as my orgasm continued to quickly build and, within moments, I exploded into her mouth and she swallowed my load. Once I was completely spent, I pulled my cock free and moved to lie beside her on the bed. We held each other close, our naked flesh rubbing together, as we reiterated that there was no place either of us would rather be and that we owed Taura for putting it together.

We'd been lying there for a little while, enough time to catch our breath from the last go-round, when we heard the door unlocking and opening. Neither of us had any doubt as to who it was, so we weren't surprised when Taura walked in. None of us was shy about the fact that we were both still naked, but Heidi got up and moved to the end of the bed to thank Taura and give her a hug. When Taura's hand dropped down to Heidi's bare ass, I had a feeling that it was something that she didn't even think about and that it certainly wasn't the first time it had happened. When they started kissing, I felt like it was pretty much confirmed. Heidi pulled away slightly, her hands going right to Taura's tits as she suggested that Taura get undressed and join us. They both looked over at me as if to get my okay, but I sure didn't have any reservations.

Taura set down the couple of things she'd been carrying with her and, as Heidi sat on her heels at the end of the bed, started to undress. She pulled her shirt over her head and dropped her shorts to reveal her very sexy lingerie, which made me wonder if she'd expected to be showing it off. Heidi had her turn around to show me her sumptuous ass split by thong panties, then she bent over as she slid them down and I saw her puffy lips peeking at me between her thin thighs. She straightened up and turned to face me again, revealing a very trim brown landing strip above her pussy, then reached back to pop open her bra. Her nipples were hard and Heidi obviously couldn't resist reaching out to toy with them before encouraging her to join us on the bed.

I watched her swaying tits as she crawled up far enough to take my semi-rigid cock in her fist before lowering her head to take it in her mouth. I moaned as she engulfed it and it tried valiantly to rise to the occasion. Heidi moved up the bed to join her, licking my balls as Taura worked on my cock. After a few minutes, Heidi suggested that she take over reviving me while Taura moved up to straddle my face. I eyeballed her trim body as it came closer until all I could see was the pussy before me. I grabbed an ass cheek in each hand as I ran my tongue up her slit, slurping up the juices that were flowing abundantly. Taura moaned as I lapped at her pussy before bringing a hand around from her ass and slipping a finger up into her.

My cock continued to slowly revive under Heidi's manual and oral stimulation while I licked and sucked Taura's clit and slipped a second finger into her along with the first. Taura moaned louder and one of her hands dropped to my head as she started humping her pussy toward my face. I wondered if she'd been thinking about the goings on in the hotel room as she'd been going about the rest of her day and had gotten herself so worked up that she'd had to come back. The noises she was making and the way she was moving suggested to me that she was pretty close to an orgasm just walking in the door and it wasn't going to take an extraordinary effort to get her the rest of the way there. As her pussy continued to get even hotter and wetter, and my cock continued to get harder, I was looking forward to slipping into her and just wondered whether I'd be eating Heidi's pussy as I fucked her or whether she would.

Her moans were becoming continuous and she was humping hard against my face as her juices flooded my fingers and my tongue the closer she got to cumming. Finally, with a passionate cry, she started to shudder as I continued to lick and finger her. Once she'd finished cumming, she dismounted my head and knelt beside me, catching her breath. As I looked down at Heidi licking and pumping my now fully rigid tool, she started to get up while still holding my cock. Taura looked over at her as she moved, so Heidi asked her if she was ready to get fucked. Taura nodded, so Heidi asked her if from-behind was going to be okay. Taura nodded again and started to move into that position, so I figured I'd get up, too. As I moved around behind Taura, again admiring her sweet ass, Heidi moved around in front of her and sat against the headboard with her legs spread wide. Taura dove into her smooth pussy before I'd even started fucking her.

Heidi was moaning through a wide smile as I grabbed my cock and guided it to Taura's pussy, then slowly eased myself in. Once my hips were pressed against her ass, I grasped her hips and began to slowly fuck her. Her pussy felt so incredible that I just planned to fuck her slowly for as long as possible so as to relish the feeling. I gradually slid my hands from her hips up and around her ribcage to cup her swinging tits and gently pull her hard nipples. Her hair blocked my view of her tongue working on Heidi's smooth pussy, but I could still admire Heidi's tits and watch the passionate expressions crossing her face. I ran my hands over the soft, smooth flesh of her tits as I humped against her ass and enjoyed the feel of her hot pussy's grip on my throbbing cock.
