 The graying light of early evening allows a faint shaft of light to cross the room. I notice it but he doesn't. I quick shift of my eyes confirms it and I can see you in the doorway. The light thrown as you opened the door. He's too intent to pay much notice at this point anyway so I let my eyes meet yours without any resulting change in his actions. 

A faint smile crosses my lips but I tremble seeing your eyes widen in shock at the sight of us together. 

You take in the small pile of clothes between you and the bed. I wonder if you are putting together how they ended up there. Are you asking yourself, "Did he undress her or did she do it herself?" "Was he able to enjoy the view of her before?' "Did the clothes precede a quick jump into bed or did they stand and caress first?"

Eyes shifting up from the floor, you focus on the bodies on the bed. I'm amazed that he still hasn't noticed you, as we are laying sideways in full view. Perhaps his eyes are closed.

You don't move from the door, instead you continue to examine us. Me spread face down on the bed, my head turned towards you. My arms extended and holding the headboard posts. His hands planted on either side of my shoulders. Head and chest rising up form them and above my back.

I let out a moan which he attributes to his movements. I imagine a smile on his face as his pace increases just a hair. A drop of sweat hits me square on the back, causing me to wonder if the light caught it so you saw what I felt. Knowing the light is still strong enough for you to see our bodies slick with perspiration. 

Your eyes drop to the clothes again and the dark item to the left. His boxers lay there alone. I imagine you wondering if I knelt there and removed them. Kneeling so I could suck him as his cock was released.

I did remove them there but I sucked him earlier, elsewhere. In your living room. 

He sat on the chair by the front window. He didn't face out, to keep watch for you, but instead inward. I kneeled there, before him. Unbuckled his belt and pants. Opened them and pulled his cock out of the slot in his boxers.

His hands held my head, fingers moving in my hair, as I licked and sucked him. His cock so hard. And thick. As you had told me.

He kept brushing my hair back to watch. Sitting there in the chair with me between his legs.

I held it with both hands and licked the head. My tongue going round and round, then across the tip. Tasting his precum before taking him into my mouth. Sucking the head as my hand pumped him. Keeping him erect and strong was never an issue but I liked doing it to him.

I took him as deep as I could. My mouth stretched wide to accommodate his girth. Using my tongue as best I could as I forced more in. One hand digging inside his boxers to find and rub his balls. 

I don't know how long I sucked him but it was a while. My knees sore, numb. He taking pleasure and me giving it. Both enjoying and taking our time in doing so.

Then as I licked and sucked along the underside of his cock, that sensitive section that all men love given extra attention, he told me that he wanted to cum in my mouth. He wanted to but he wasn't asking my permission. It was a statement. 

I smiled and rubbed his wet cock all over my face and pouted lips. Eyes locking as I opened and took him back in. Losing contact when I turned my head to suck him in earnest. His hands making sure my mouth was filled.

He held me there, his hips rising up. My hand stroking the part that didn't fit in my mouth. My head bobbing up and down with my hand. His cock so wet with my saliva, both hand and mouth moving easily.

I heard him suck in air and I knew he was close. I pulled my head back so my lips were just below the head of his cock. And I SUCKED and SUCKED. Hand moving fast along his shaft, eyes back up at his face.

He grunted just before a hot blast of cum filled my mouth. That made me suck harder as I swallowed. He pushed my head down further and the second burst went almost directly down my throat. Another then another followed.

I sat in his lap afterwards. We kissed and he touched my breasts. His cock not put away, I could feel its wetness under my leg. As he started to get hard again, he stood and carried me upstairs. Here, to your bed.

We striped and, just before I got into bed, I handed him the lube. I gathered up the pillows and moved them under my hips. Laying here as you find me now, ass up for him.

He lubed himself then worked a slick finger up my ass. I would have preferred his tongue first but it was now too late for that. His finger moved deep, working me open. I felt the last knuckle meeting the mass of his hand several times as he rotated his finger around.

His cock soon followed. The fat head popping in. We didn't speak but he waited to see if I was ready. Then a steady motion forward as he sunk balls deep in me.

Once he started to fuck me, I became lost in enjoying the sensation. Of being full, then empty. His firm hardness alive in my ass. I remember hearing, "Fuck that's tight," but otherwise anything either of us said was meaningless and forgotten.

Everything forgotten until now. Your entrance bringing me back to the now. The now of me naked and being ass fucked in your bed. Sweating, wet, hot. Your husband's big cock in me with you watching.

I undulate my ass to help him fuck me. I know that you arrived at the right time. That he will fill my ass with his cum soon. That he's so close.

You've been watching his cock enter and exit me. I wait until they return to my face. Our turn to lock eyes. Keeping mine on you, I bring him to the edge, moving my ass faster and taking him deep and hard.

"Come on, cum in my ass. I want you to cum in my ass like you did my mouth. I'm ready to cum but I need to feel your hot cum in my ass."

His torso falls to my back and his hands move under and around me. I hold still as his hips drive forward with violence. Emptying his balls in my guts.

This pushes me over and I cum along with him. Gasping and moaning, knowing I am wetting your pillows. My vision of you fading as my eyes cloud over in my pleasure.

"Thank you." Said barely audible. He grunts a response thinking I was speaking to him.