 The neon sign outside said The Back Room, or at least it was supposed to. Three of the letters had burned out and never been replaced, so what it actually said was The Broom, and that's what it was called by its degenerate patrons. It could generously be called a bar, but in truth it was a hole in the wall. The pool tables were scratched to hell, and used less for billiard games than for sexual ones. There were more burned out neon signs inside advertising 'orna,' 'Mill,' and 'udweis.' A small stage stood in the corner, though it rarely saw a live band, taking a back seat to the ancient Juke Box, which most nights made about as much money as the toothless bartender. 

The Broom's degenerate patrons were mostly red of neck and blue of collar. The few white collars thrown in for good measure paid more attention to the crossed legs of their female companions than to the rings on their fingers. Sleeves were seldom seen and midriffs seldom covered, no matter what the temperature outside. Insults were thrown more often than darts. 

Despite its shortcomings, The Broom had a steady clientele thanks to its one saving grace--it was the only bar in the small town of Hill Valley. This last bit was what had led 22 year old Rayanne Lennox to The Broom this particular Friday night. That and the fight she'd had with her roommate Kim, not to mention the fact that she was pretty sure her car needed a new transmission, and the rough day she'd had at her job waiting tables was just the icing on the cake. One could only get pinched on the ass so much before it began to take its toll. Although, Rayanne didn't mind that last bit all that much--truth be told in the past six months it had been all the action she'd gotten. Such a pity it was from drunken business men old enough to be her father and not rich enough to make it worthwhile. So once her horrendous shift had mercifully ended, Rayanne let her long brown hair out of its pony tail, slipped off her work clothes and slipped on a blue jean mini skirt and a red blouse that would have fit fine if not for her tits. 

The bartender brought Rayanne a beer, and smiled his toothless grin.

"All alone tonight, little lady?" he asked with a chuckle and a hint of a Texan accent. Rayanne smiled awkwardly, then downed her beer so she wouldn't have to reply. He laughed and brought her another. Rayanne nursed the second beer and contemplated unbuttoning another button on the already low cut blouse. Then she decided against it. The shirt showed off more than enough of her double D chest, and she wasn't really interested in being picked up anyway. Not by the kooks in this dive anyway.  

Rayanne had only been to The Broom one other time to pick up her roommate who'd had fight with her boyfriend and was much to drunk to drive home. Kim was in The Broom at least three times a week, though Rayanne couldn't see why. It wasn't as if it was the Algonquin crowd. The pool players probably had a combined weight of a ton and a combined I.Q of five, which was more than could be said for the drunken skanks standing nearby. The most intelligent conversation you could have would be which is better, Bud Lite or Miller Lite?

Rayanne finished her beer, and was thinking about heading home, when she heard," Excuse me, do you know CPR, cause you took my breath away."

Oh, Lord, she thought. That was all she needed--to be hit on by Joe Sixtooth. Rayanne turned incredulously with a biting remark poised on her lips, expecting to see some ignorant hick. What she saw made her wish she did know CPR. 

He stood about six three with blond hair that hung down his back. His intense green eyes happened to match the green striped shirt he was wearing buttoned about half way, barely fitting over his massive chest. Rayanne half consciously ran her tongue over her bottom lip as she wondered what it would be like to run her tongue over that chest, then remembered she was supposed to be indignant. 

"'Do you know CPR cause you took my breath away?'" she repeated. "Is that the best you could do?" Especially when you look like that.

"Well, it's not like they offer Lame Come Ons 101 at Hill Valley College," he said with a laugh. "Would you prefer 'There's something wrong with my eyes. I can't take them off you'?"

Rayanne rolled her eyes and smiled a half smile. "I don't know, I always liked, 'Do you have map because I keep getting lost in your eyes.'"

"How about, 'Is that a mirror in your pocket because I can see myself in your pants.'"

"'If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.'"

"'You must be from Pearl Harbor because you are the bomb.'"

Rayanne stopped for a moment. "Now that is a new one on me," she said laughing. 

"I'm Chase," the blond stranger said holding out his hand. Rayanne hesitated, then shook his proffered hand.

"Rayanne." He had a strong grip, and Rayanne flushed as she wondered what it would be like to have those hands touching her everywhere.

"So what's a beautiful girl like you doing in a dive like this?" Chase asked, jarring her from her erotic thoughts.

"Are we back to doing lines, or are you actually asking a question?" Rayanne wanted to know.

"Genuinely curious," Chase said taking the seat next to her. "I mean, this place is pretty much a cesspool."

"Well, trust me, I feel like shit," Rayanne replied bitterly.

"You don't look like shit."

"If you're trying to pick me up, I have to warn you, I haven't had enough alcohol to go home with anyone just yet."

"Hey, Bruce, two more beers," Chase signaled to the bartender. "And so you know, if I was trying to pick you up, I wouldn't bother with drinks, I'd just flat out ask you to have sex in the bathroom."

"Noted." The bartender set the beer in front of Rayanne. She stared at it thoughtfully for a moment.

"You're not under any obligation to drink that," Chase said.

"My mother raised me never to say no to a free drink." With that she took a swig and started get a good buzz going.

"Your mom is a smart woman," Chase observed.

Rayanne shrugged. "I guess."

"So you never answered my question. What brings you to The Broom? Aside from it being the bar in town."

"Oh. That. Um, well, lots of things. My roommate, mostly. Kind of hard to get a good buzz going when someone keeps screaming at the top of her lungs."

"Yeah, my ex-girlfriend was like that."

"Ex, huh? So you're single. Usually guys that hit on me already have girlfriends, who somehow think it's my fault that their boyfriends are hitting on me."

"Well, it is," Chase stated simply.

"Excuse me?" Rayanne huffed, raising one eyebrow.

"Well, look at you, what man, single or taken, could resist/" Rayanne blushed and looked down at her beer.

"Yeah, well. You should see me first thing in the morning."

"Here's hoping," Chase said with a wink.

Rayanne smiled and rolled her eyes. "You better stop or I'm gonna get a swelled head."

"Ditto."

"Damnit, knock it off." She tried to say it seriously, but ended up laughing, and Chase thought she was gorgeous when she smiled.

"So, Rayanne, what do you do for a living?" Chase asked and signaled for another round.

"Well, I wait tables, I wouldn't say it's a living. More like an exercise in patience and stamina."

"Hey that's all life is."

"I guess. Huh, I never really thought about it like that. What about you, how do you exercise your patience and stamina?"

Chase shot her a devilish grin. "Come with me to the bathroom and I'll show you."

"You are relentless."

"That's how you have to be in my line of work, which happens to be sales."

"What do you sell?" 

"Houses, mostly. Then on the weekends I fix up junk cars and resell them." 

"That's pretty cool, I mean, it's better than waiting tables. At least you don't get your ass pinched on an hourly basis."

"Now see that would make my job a lot more interesting." Rayanne laughed and Chase raised his glass. "To patience and stamina."

"To getting your ass pinched." As they drank, the pool game on the table behind them ended, and the players walked over to the bar to settle up.

"You play?" Chase asked, gesturing to the table.

"Not since high school," Rayanne admitted. "I'm probably out of practice."

"I'll go easy on you," he promised. "I'll even let you break."

"Gee, thanks." Rayanne grabbed a cue off the wall and some chalk. She bent over to break, knowing full well that she was giving Chase a great view of her ass. She broke nicely enough, but failed to actually score.

"So I'm thinking if I win you should have sex with me in the bathroom," Chase suggested as he took his shot, landing the 6 ball in the corner pocket, then the four. He went for the 2, but missed. 

Rayanne raised one eyebrow skeptically. "I'm thinking loser buys the next round."

"Fine, if the loser is me. If the loser is you, you'll have sex with me in the bathroom."

"Fine." With that Rayanne bent over and lined up her next shot, 9 ball corner pocket. It went in, no problem, as did the 3, 5, and 15. 

"I thought you said you were out of practice," Chase said with a laugh.

"I said probably," Rayanne corrected wryly. "That's like saying 'It probably won't rain tomorrow,' or 'The next Justin Timberlake movie probably won't suck.'" With that she made two more shots.

"You want to buy me that round now, or you wanna wait until I make the eight ball?"

"Are you sure you wouldn't rather have the bathroom sex?" Rayanne missed her shot, then Chase took his turn. After a grueling battle, it was down to the eight ball, which Rayanne skillfully shot into the side pocket.

"All hail the conquering hero," Chase said with a slow sarcastic clap. "So what would you like, another beer?" 

Rayanne bit her lip and turned to him. He was awfully cute. And it wasn't like she had any other prospects at the moment. 

"Ask me again," she said.

"What?"

"Ask me if I want to have sex in the bathroom."

Chase stopped for a minute. "You're serious."

"Yeah, weren't you?" She leaned into him and placed her lips next to his ear. "Don't you want me?"

"I want to fuck you so bad," Chase whispered.

"Then ask me again."

"You want to go have sex in the bathroom?" 

"Let's go." With that Rayanne turned and walked toward the bathroom. Chase finished his beer, then followed. He waited by the door, then all of a sudden it opened and Rayanne pulled him inside. 

Once the door was locked she backed him up against the door and pressed her mouth against his in a sensual drunken kiss. Chase ran his tongue across her bottom lip and then stroked her tongue with his. She tasted amazing. The combination of her lip gloss and Stride gum was absolutely heavenly, and he wanted more. So much more. He threaded his fingers through her hair and held her to him, relishing the feel of her firm breasts crushed up against his chest. Then his mouth left hers, not wanting to, but needing to explore her, to really taste her. His teeth grazed the delicate skin of her neck, his tongue trailing across her collarbone. 

Rayanne wrapped her arms around Chase and pressed his rock hard body to her, enjoying the wet heat of his mouth teasing the little hollow of her neck. His hands moved up her sides and settled on her breasts, kneading them gently through her shirt, making her gasp unexpectedly as he found her nipples and rolled them between his thumb and forefinger. His mouth returned to hers, and he kissed her with a renewed fervor, sucking her tongue and nibbling it playfully. When Chase ran his finger underneath the snap of her skirt, Rayanne's knees gave out and she clung to him for support. Chase lifted her up onto his hips and backed her onto the edge of the sink, his mouth urgently ravishing hers. He began hurriedly unbuttoning her blouse, his knuckles grazing the skin with each tiny button. With the last button undone, he all but ripped her shirt off her shoulders, then with a gentle tug unsnapped the front clasp of her bra, freeing her breasts from their black satin confines. He took a step back to look at them.

"God you have amazing tits," Chase groaned. Rayanne's tits were pretty perky for 36 DD's, with just a hint of sag, topped with rose colored nipples. The sight of them turned the semi in his pants to a raging. Chase bent his head and blew delicately on one rose colored nipple, making it pucker sweetly and causing Rayanne to moan and bite her bottom lip. He ran his tongue across her breasts, tracing the outline of the areola, and teasingly avoiding the nipple. Just when Rayanne didn't think she could take it anymore, he took the nipple between his tongue and teeth, grinding it gently, then suckling her urgently. By this time she was sopping wet; whether it was because she hadn't had sex in so long, or because Chase was really good at foreplay she didn't know, and frankly didn't care.

"Oh fuck," Rayanne breathed, closing her eyes in ecstasy. Chase smiled, and delicately ran his hand up the smooth skin of her inner thigh to her heated center. God she was wet. Her thong was completely saturated with the juice of her cunt. He didn't think he'd ever met a girl who got so wet from having her tits sucked. Chase pushed aside the thong and teasingly stroked her hairless mound, then lower to her outer lips before finding her little pleasure button. He dipped his finger inside of her, feeling her liquid center, then began stroking her clit.

Rayanne panted and gasped for breath as she felt an orgasm start to build in her. Her cunt was on fire, throbbing maddeningly. She let go of Chase's neck and grabbed her tits, pulling and twisting her nipples in rhythm with Chase's strokes. She thrust her hips to meet his hand, wanting him deeper inside. He slipped two more fingers in and out of her tight pussy, watching her moan and play with her tits. All at once she began shaking and Chase could feel the walls of her cunt contract.

"That's it, angel, come for me," he whispered in her ear. "Come on Rayanne, come for me, baby." That send her over the edge and she cried out as she had a full body orgasm. Her labia and nipples were pulsating with desire. Every part of her was electrified, even parts she had forgotten existed. 

With that Chase yanked the skirt down past her feet, landing somewhere near her shirt. He spread her legs wide and lowered his head between them to really see her delicate pussy. The smell of her dripping sex was intoxicating, and he needed to taste her. He ran his tongue up and down her slit, sucking on the outer lips. His tongue trailed up to her already sensitive clit, and flicked it back and forth in a maddening pace. Rayanne, who still hadn't fully recovered from her first orgasm cried out softly. Chase's mouth was suddenly like a vacuum on her clit, pulling and sucking her into a mind blowing frenzy. He licked lower, teasing her entrance then finally going inside, fucking her with his tongue.

"Oh, God, oh yes, fuck," Rayanne cried out. She reached down and held his head, mashing her cunt onto his face. Chase slurped up her juicy sweetness, biting and kissing her swollen loins. He reached up and pinched her nipples, causing another moan and orgasm. 

He stood up and licked his lips, thinking she was the finest pussy he had ever eaten. Rayanne sat on the sink, panting, trying to compose herself. He bent down and kissed her.

"You okay?" he asked.

"Fucking brilliant," she replied. Then, with a wicked grin. "Now it's your turn." She took her tongue and traced the shell of his ear, teasing the lobe, then sucking it, unbuttoning his shirt as she did so. Once it joined her clothes on the floor, Rayanne took her hand and ran it across his chest, his abs, teasingly across his crotch, then to the smooth skin of his back. She kissed his nipples lightly, then ran her tongue down his happy trail. She got on her knees undid his belt, and freed his cock.

"Holy crap," Rayanne murmured to herself as she was presented with his monster. It was about eight and a half inches long, about 4 inches thick and circumcised. She began to get a little worried that he would split her in half, but pushed the thought from her mind as she swirled her tongue in lazy, lingering strokes around the head of his penis. She licked down the shaft, then to the base and back again on the other side. She went lower, running her tongue across his swollen balls, taking one in her mouth and sucking it like a candy. Chase closed his eyes in pleasure. His balls were on fire, and getting hotter by the second. 

"Ooh yeah, baby, that's it," Chase moaned as he threaded his hands through her hair and Rayanne worked her magic on his other ball before lowering her mouth onto him, taking his entire length down her hot wet throat. She traced the opening of his penis with her tongue before sticking it in there, making Chase jump slightly.

Rayanne pulled back, scraping her teeth lightly. She began cupping his balls with her hand as she deep throated his hot cock, taking him as deep as she could. 

"Oh, God, Rayanne, I'm gonna cum."

"Good," she said. "Shoot it down my throat." With that she began bobbing up and down on him, her sucking becoming faster and more frantic, her hand more insistent on his balls. Chase tightened his grip on her hair and fucked her face as he felt his load rising up.

"Here it comes, baby," he groaned. He convulsed and shot stream down her throat. Rayanne began sucking swallowing frantically as her mouth filled with his sweet, creamy spunk, milking him dry. She sat back on her haunches and looked up at him, panting. A little drop of sperm had escaped her mouth and dripped onto her chest. She looked like a porn queen. The sight of her made Chase hard again.

"You taste amazing," she said with a half smile. Chase bent down and lifted her onto the sink, sticking a finger inside of her and bringing it to his lips. 

"You too," he said, then kissed her. They divested themselves of their remaining articles of clothing.

"You ready?" he asked as he licked her neck, and Rayanne nodded. Chase looked up into her eyes. "What do you want, Rayanne, say it. Look at me."

Rayanne stared deep into those intense green eyes, burning with desire. "I want you to fuck me," she groaned. Chase crushed her mouth to his, spreading her legs even wider. He dipped the head of his penis at her entrance, then ran it along her slit and eased it in. Her pussy was so tight around his cock, Chase had to fight the urge to ram it in

Rayanne moaned as he pushed inside of her one inch at a time. She could feel her pussy being stretched to accommodate his member, and knew she was going to be walking a little funny the next day. Chase held himself inside of her, giving her a chance to get acclimated to him, then slowly he began to withdraw from her, making her whimper and cling to him. He sank back in her, deeper than before, buried to the hilt, the head of his penis inside her cervix.

"Can you feel me inside you, Ray?" he asked as he gripped her hips and pushed her further onto him. "Do you like that?" Chase took her nipple in his mouth and suckled strongly.

"Oh, God, Chase you feel so good inside me," she cried out. "Fuck me, baby, fuck me hard."

"I'm gonna fuck you, Ray," he whispered in her ear. "You're so ready. You're hot and wet for me. I can feel the fire from your cunt. I'm gonna turn it into a raging inferno." With that Chase began sawing in an out of her in a frantic rhythm, his hips like pistons, his balls slapping against her ass. 

"Oh, yeah, Chase, oh God, oh, fuck!" An orgasm hit her fast and hard, making the walls of her pussy contract, milking his cock. Rayanne's cries spurred him on, making his balls boil.

"It's coming, Ray, it's coming," he moaned, his throat tightening.

"Yeah, baby, come in me," she cried as Chase began thrusting maddenly. "I'm on the pill, it's okay, fuck me, come in me, fill me up with your hot sperm. It's so good in my mouth I want it in my pussy."
