 Reggie was a bad boy. I knew it when he sent me that sex on the beach in the bar, I knew it when he groped me for the first time in the hallway by the men's room, I knew it when I left with him. My girlfriends were astounded, they never thought I'd do anything like that. I was a year out of my marriage, hadn't dated in all that time, refused any and all lines that were tossed my way. 

The sex that night was fantastic! We went to his place, and he knew his way around my body as if he'd had it marked on his cell phone's GPS. I came, and came again, and again! He didn't do anything fantastic (that first night!) just oral and then a couple of different positions. But there was something about the way he grabbed at my tit, or stuck a finger in, that really, really!, turned me on. After we were done, a couple of hours of it, he drove me back to my car, I remember thinking that it had probably been a one-night stand, that I'd never hear from him again. And even though my lady bits throbbed the next day, I wasn't that disappointed. It was just the spur of the moment, I figured. 

Then I got the text. Very casual, 'How ru doing - had a great time do it again" I had to stifle myself before I texted back, a couple of very long hours later, 'sure'.

He picked me up the next Friday night, took me to a restaurant, wine and seafood, witty conversation. A couple of times he was on the edge, the topics just a bit racy, a touch indelicate. But I had no qualms about inviting him up to my place, no worries about leading him to my bedroom. Again, the sex was simply amazing, he encouraged me to try a couple of new things. Well, at least they were new for me. 

We kept dating, once or four times a week. One night when I was having drinks with my girlfriends he just showed up. They thought he was sharp, but crude. I didn't care, he had a beautiful prick! But, of course, they couldn't see that, except when I'd show up at brunch with a big smile on my face.

The months went by, bit by bit he dragged me in. The first time that he touched my rectum while he was down there I flinched, but I didn't tell him to stop - the way he rubbed it just felt so good. A week later, when he put his finger in it, I moaned. And then, the very next night, when he coaxed me onto my knees and dribbled lube onto my second hole, I couldn't tell him I'd been waiting for that moment. And when he forced it into my backside, I screamed - half in pain, half in some of the greatest pleasure I'd ever had.

I still knew he was a bad boy. Sometimes I'd try to see him on a Friday or Saturday night, he couldn't make it. Once I found a g-string peeking out from under his bedframe, and simply wondered if she screwed as well as I did. I wasn't in love with Reggie, I was never in love with him. He didn't mind, he had other places to go on Thanksgiving.

I was open to other dates, if Reggie had his, I wasn't going to be a wall flower when he was out spreading his pollen. I knew I wasn't ready to settle down again, not yet, but a girl needs to keep her options. On successive Saturday nights I went out with Tommy, then Mike, then George. Nothing happened with Tommy and Mike, they just weren't my style, but George was fine. On our third date, I invited him up to my place, after I lit a couple candles he got the idea. After we got naked, in my bed I sucked on him. He seemed no different from Reggie, except where Reggie was very animated in the sack George seemed listless. He kissed my labia, couldn't seem to find my button, I faked excitement. I let him up on top of me, and without much ado there he was, fully buried. He just wanted to thrust, in and out, I tried to raise myself, change the placement of our legs, but it didn't do much good. Perhaps five minutes after he started I felt him come. I let him cuddle a little bit, thinking the second time around would be better, but he talked about having to work in the morning, (on a Sunday?) and then he had his clothes on and was out the door. I was prepared to duck his calls for another date, was spared when he never phoned me again.

Reggie brought a camera into the bedroom. Actually it started when he took pictures with his phone of me in the shower, I found I liked the way my body looked, although my teats are too small and my hips too broad, somehow it made a pleasing picture. I let him coax me the next night, I stripped for the camera, let him continue clicking as he made love to me - I never realized my face contorted that much as I orgasmed. Of course that was followed by the installation of a webcam in my bedroom. I let Reggie record one of our sessions, he promised me he'd never let anyone see it without my permission. I thrilled to see my body being used on my television screen, it was more erotic than the anonymous porn we'd been watching. And then, during our phone sex sessions, I roused when the amber light on the webcam began blinking, and I knew Reggie was watching me bring myself off. Of course, I was always careful to pull the plug on the damn thing when I didn't want it to be used.

The next frontier for me was broken the night Reggie took me to a jazz club - it would have been smoky back in the old days - and in the back of a hall, where they stored chairs, he placed me on top of a table, ripped my panties off, and took me, there and then. I was facing out, as he screwed me I saw a couple of guys come out of the toilet, look down and try to make out what we were doing, as if they didn't know. And when I realized I was being watched as I was having sex, I had the most delicious orgasm. Yes, I know, I was turning into a pervert.

When Reggie found out I was into being watched, he set up other opportunities to have public sex. A picnic table in a park. The car in the mall parking lot. He got a hotel room downtown, the fourth floor on the street, and he pushed me against the window with the street light beating in on us. I caught a guy looking at us from across the street as I braced my hands on the windowsill and Reggie pounded me from behind. I shook my naked breasts at the guy, liked it when he rubbed his dick through his pants.

We tried other things. Reggie took me to an adult shop, bought me three vibrators, then tried one of them out on me in the car. Reggie tied me up one night, cut my bra and panties off, then had me any way he wanted. I found that to be okay, but I trusted him completely and thus couldn't relish the sense of danger that, I assume, is the point of bondage. He loved to watch me masturbate, I loved doing it for him.

He bought me a sexy nurse costume, it turned out that I wasn't into role play. That was okay, he was simply trying to find out what my limits were, it didn't make our top ten list. Chocolate drizzled over our bodies, a strawberry tucked inside me, of course! Blindfolds (for both of us,) ice, candle wax, I liked it, so did he. A Christmas present were three books of erotica, he suggested I come up with new ideas from them.

We went to a strip club, I got off on watching the men watching the women. Reggie asked me if I wanted to come back on amateur night, be the one that was taking my clothes off. I thought about it, I'd love to see a gorgeous hunk devour me with his eyes, but there were too many fat old guys and perverts there, so I decided no.

Does it seem that all Reggie and I did was have sex? That's not far from the truth. Although we sometimes dined together, both in public and private, hot sex was our number one project. I never suggested going to the theater or an art gallery, not with him, a romantic weekend in a bed & breakfast wasn't our style.

One night we were engaged in rather tame foreplay, at least for us, just after the six month anniversary of our first fuck, and Reggie asked, "What would you think about a threesome?"

"I don't think I'd be wild about it. I've never been attracted to women. But if you want me to try it, I will."

He laughed. "Well, thanks, maybe, but I was actually thinking about another guy for you."

Now this was an idea, but caution caused me to reject it. "No, one guy at a time is enough for me, I think." Anticipating his next idea, I added, "I don't think I'd want to try an orgy, or anything like that, either." As always, Reggie went with the flow, just said, "Okay," and made a pretzel out of me.

Reggie let a couple weeks go by, then told me to dress as sexy as possible one night. "Wear something you'd be comfortable in if we were going to have sex, but then put a coat or something over it. The people we bump into shouldn't realize that we're going to screw until you take it off."

So we were going someplace where we would have public sex. Was I a little uncomfortable with the thought? Of course, every time Reggie tried something new with me, I'd get those butterflies. But Reggie had never put me in a position where I'd been tremendously disquieted, had always listened the times I said No, never lied to me. Even though I was uneasy about it, I decided to find out what it was all about, I could always walk away if I didn't like it.

I had a black fishnet tanktop with panties, and matched the outfit with a leather miniskirt. Reggie picked me up at 8:15, after a forty minute drive we found our way into an old mall, parked in front of what appeared to be an abandoned department store. The windows were blacked out, there was another couple entering a small, makeshift foyer with us. The receptionist was seated beneath a sign that said 'Club Illicit,' we were admitted. It was a sex club! I'd never been in such a place, but suddenly I couldn't wait to discover it's mysteries. I gave up my jacket easily, found I wasn't the skimpiest dressed broad in the place by a long shot.

Some people knew Reggie - I assumed a few of the girls were well acquainted with him, it didn't faze me - we dropped into conversations. The talk wasn't much different from a cocktail party, yet there was this undercurrent around us, one that reeked of eroticism. Reggie showed me around the place, a large dance floor and restaurant ("We never want to come here for the food," Reggie complained, "unless you want badly fried fish.") There was a small swimming pool, the few people that were in it were naked, the water temperature was warm enough to lounge. On each side of long hallways were private rooms, some small with just a queen sized bed, others with two or three beds or a couch, perhaps a trapeze, maybe a window that voyeurs could watch through. Only a couple of the rooms had closed doors, it was early yet, not even ten o'clock, I wondered what time things would really get going. And then we happened upon an amphitheater, in the middle at the lowest level were five or six mattresses, three tiers of chairs and couches rose around the center. I knew the purpose immediately! In my mind I saw a dozen or more naked bodies cavorting, I wanted to be a witness in the stands. Did I want to be among the bodies? I wasn't sure, but I didn't have to make up my mind just yet.

We rejoined the crowd in the dance room, Reggie and I began bumping and grinding. I noticed that some of the women were dancing erotically with each other, some were topless. If there was groping between partners, watching them energized me. Reggie and I switched with another couple, the man put his hand on my waist, it didn't feel like just another dance; I saw Reggie cup the girls ass, I couldn't bother to be jealous. 

We fell into a conversation at a table with a very attractive couple wearing wedding rings, the topic was sex. I found they'd been in the 'LifeStyle' for two years, were 'full-swap' although they didn't mind 'soft-swap,' the woman had started to explore her 'bi-side.' The guy felt my leg above the knee, south of the promised land. And then, the invitation. "Would you guys like to go into a room with us?"

I knew what he meant, if we did Reggie would make love to the woman, I'd let the guy take me. He was kind of attractive, I admit I was tempted, just a little. But, as curious as I was, I was still cautious. I just wasn't sure that I was up for that scene. Maybe, I decided, the next time we were here, just not tonight, not yet. "No, I don't think so," I answered, without giving Reggie a chance to put his two cents in. "But thanks, maybe another time," I added insincerely. 

The other couple left us in hunt for other game, it was evident that they wanted to swap badly. I didn't mind their offer, in fact, I enjoyed the idea that I turned him on enough that he wanted to possess me. Yes, another time, quite possibly. But I still wasn't sure that I wanted to 'swap' with Reggie as my partner. Confused? Perhaps. But my mind was reeling, things were happening fast without any time to take it in. Since I hadn't known what was going to happen when we got here, I hadn't had time to consider all my options, I knew I needed to sort it out. 

Reggie and I took a walk, through a window we watched a woman older than I entertain two men. The lighting was dim, the triplet was almost silhouetted, yet the acts they engaged in enticed us, as the almost-eroticism of a James Bond opening will. I watched as the women took both men, one in her vagina, the other in her mouth; the men traded positions, I wished I could hear the sounds of their fucking through the window. Maybe, after this group was finished, Reggie and I could take the room over, I thought I'd like it if strangers could watch me screwing. In another room two women cavorted, satisfying each other, while their men sat to the side, both naked, simply watching them. I wondered what the touch, the kiss of a woman would feel like, put it on my to-do list.

A peek in the swimming pool, men sat on the sides, both having their pricks sucked by women standing in the pool. For a second, I wondered if they were married and had swapped, then I didn't care. They were having fun, that's what sex is all about.

We moseyed to the dance floor, perhaps twenty-five people cavorted, many more women than men. A song was playing that I simply love, the bass high, the rhythm besieged me. Reggie and I danced, I leaned into him, he petted me. Another man joined us, he was pleasing to my eye, we formed a troika, I whirled from one man to the next. As one song merged into another, Reggie winked at me, left the dance floor. I could have left with him, instead stayed with the newcomer. As the music lifted us we twirled, and suddenly I found myself in his arms, my back to his chest. He pulled my hips to his, I could feel his stiffness against my ass, I wriggled against it. He enticed me to lean back, I placed my hand around his neck, felt his fingers on my breast, pinching my nipple. Instead of pulling away, I turned my head around, our lips met. From the sidelines, Reggie spied on me, I wanted to give my man a show. I continued to dance with this new guy, sometimes apart, often together. If he felt my ass, I let him, if we kissed, I didn't mind. It was only when I felt his finger slip into the front of my skirt and contact my mons that I halted. 

Walking to my lover, I flowed into his arms and kissed him. "Excited?" I asked.

"I am," he allowed, "you are too."

"Hot as a firecracker! What's next?"

I expected to be led into a room, thought Reggie would fuck me then. I was wrong. Reggie led me down the halls to the coliseum, we sat on the top tier, he dragged me to his lap. A couple of men sitting by themselves or with their dates leered at me, their looks inflamed me. On the mattresses below us three women were screwing. One couple was in missionary, the other two women were involved with several men each in various forms of foreplay or fucking. As we watched the action, Reggie played with me, sucking a breast, sticking a hand underneath my skirt, playing with my clit. As I watched the play, my nipples crinkled, I had my first orgasm of the night, puny, a harbinger of explosions still to come. One of the men seemed done with the naked lady he was with, left her. I watched her catch the eye of a another man, wink at him. He undressed as he approached her, with little preparation she laid back, spread, and he pushed into her.

"Shall we join them?" Reggie asked.

I was blazing, didn't have to - didn't want to - think what I was doing. "Yes!"

As a prelude, I let Reggie undress me on our perch, down to my panties that I wanted left on for some unexplained reason, and then Reggie was taking his clothes off completely and leading me to the altar. We found an open bed, he stood beside me as I sat, I took his most excellent cock inside my mouth. As I played with him, I searched the stands, seeing if we were being watched. There were, perhaps, two dozen observers, men outnumbered women three to one - this was what they were doing as their wives danced! And I saw lust in their face, I felt some of it was for me. 

Then my panties were off, Reggie sucked my clit, the first really great orgasm of the night hit me, all shivers and colors. And again the miracle hit. And again, I couldn't tell you how many there were. In my lucid moments, I could see the audience gazing at my body, my movements. That was the icing on the cake, the enhancement I relished.

I got up a little shakily, pushed Reggie onto his back, rose above him. Around me I heard three women and more men in various groans, moans, harsh breathing and screams. I grabbed Reggie's prick and slid down on it. I screwed him. Yes, I came again, but a piece of my brain kept track of the movements around me, the sights, the sounds, especially the syrupy smell of sweat and sex. As I moved I knew the circle behind me was able to see Reggie's penis slide in and out of me. I didn't care. No, that's not true, I wanted them to see the lewd show, wished them happiness as they watched me. I wondered just what it was that they were seeing, I would have loved to be able to be outside myself, watch myself as Reggie and I fucked. We shifted, I sat on his lap as he dangled his legs to the floor. I caught the eye of one man, he was dressed except that his fly was open, his penis exposed and his hand surrounding it. I winked at him, he misunderstood.

He came to us, kissed me, fondled my left breast. I kissed him back, didn't mind, took the penis in my hand, jerked. "Can I join you?" he asked. I looked back to Reggie, surely he'd heard, and he answered my silent petition. "Whatever you want."

Had this intruder smelt good, I would have let him, Reggie would have moved over, I'd have a second lover. But I sniffed perspiration, the hair of his beard reminded me of rancid bread, I answered, "I don't think so, no." I turned away from him, dismounted, played and kissed my primary lover. The interloper left, I didn't see him again that evening. 

I played with Reggie, again his member was in my mouth, and then I laid on my back, waited for insertion. Reggie was slow in his thrusts, I appreciated his lovemaking, but - at least temporarily - I was sated, the best of my brain digested the ten or twelve naked bodies around me, each engaged in the same sport. The woman beside me was a heavy blond, fifteen years older than I, messed hair, rings, bracelets, necklace, nipple piercing, and yet enticing. Her fellow waved to someone I couldn't see, and suddenly another man appeared. 

This was a Dionysus . I watched him strip, his chest plate was rock solid, his abs rippled. The muscles of his arms darted. And as I watched him slide his boxers off, I saw the prick! Longer and thicker than any I'd witnessed that night - and perhaps I'd seen fifteen already - it was beautifully angry, a shade of amaranth, circumcised. I desired it. Had the man turned to me, I have no doubt I'd have abandoned Reggie immediately. Yet he stayed with the blond, penetrating her, together they fucked. As he used his amazing legs to propel himself into her, every once in awhile he'd turn to me and we'd lock gazes. A strange feeling it was, he was screwing her, Reggie was fucking me, and yet Dionysus and I were making love to each other. I came again, watching his blue eyes, my strongest of the evening.
