 With special thanks to my wonderful editor, the Grand Master of the Erotic and Captivating Title (though this one is my own)...thank you.

You are here. Looking over my shoulder as I type, nestling your chin against my neck, wrapping your arms around me.

I giggle, and shrug you off. "I have to write," I lecture you with mock seriousness. 

You try another tactic, sliding your hand down my arm to my fingers. You lift them off the keyboard, holding them in yours. "I'm sure you can think of a better use for these," you whisper in my ear.

"I'm sure I could," I respond. "But right now...."

"I know, I know..." you interrupt, dropping my hand back to the keys. "You have to write."

I turn to you. "Wait...I could have been teasing, just a little...playing hard to get."

"You don't have to write?"

"No, I do..." I stand up. "But maybe not right now."

You take a step back, holding me at arm's length, pretending to be upset. "You were teasing me?"

I close the gap between us, placing my hands on your chest, feeling your skin through your cotton t-shirt. "Well...maybe just a little."

You smile. "I guess I can deal with that."

I tip my head up and close my eyes, letting your lips settle onto mine. I don't kiss back, yet...I just absorb you through the kiss, tasting you, feeling you. Your hands slide along my back, up and down, pulling me to you.

We break the kiss, gently. "Yum," I comment quietly, a grin crinkling the corners of my eyes.

"Kiss me now," you half-demand, half-plead. I quickly comply, standing on my tiptoes to reach you. My tongue slides gently into your mouth, licking at your lips. My hands glide up your spine, over your neck and into your hair.

I leave your mouth and kiss your neck, your throat, your collarbone, pushing your shirt away to get at your skin. I nibble at you, biting, tugging lightly at your flesh, my fingers still twisted in your hair.

You whimper as I bite your nipple through your shirt, beginning to kneel down in front of you. I run my fingers down, across every place I've kissed you, then along your shoulders, your arms, down your sides to your pants.

I kiss you through the front of your pants, making you groan and me smile. "Can I?" I ask.

"Can you what?"

"Can I lick you?"

Your hands come to rest on my head as I unbutton your jeans. You nod your approval of my intended action, and I unzip your fly...slowly, letting us hear each tooth of the zipper click open.

On my knees, I walk you backwards until you're sitting in my chair (still warm from my morning's work). I tug at your pants until they slide down your legs to your knees.

Only a thin layer of cotton separates me from my goal. I decide to take the opportunity to tease you just a little bit more, swinging my legs over yours and resting my ass gently on your hardness. I sit on your lap, my hand between us, squeezing you every now and then. Leaning down, I kiss your lips, your cheek, your ear, pairing each kiss with a caress.

"Mike," I breathe into your ear. "Mike, please...can I lick you?"

You nod, your eyes closed and your breathing shaky, but I ask again.

"I want to suck you...please? Can I taste you...just once?"

More caressing, more squeezing, more rubbing, more insistently...

"Are you ready? Please? Can I lick you?"

You manage to answer - "Yes, yes, lick me."

I slide off you, landing on the floor between your legs. Your boxers join your jeans around your knees, aided by my hungry fingers.

And...there you are, beautiful and excited, exciting, too. I run a single fingertip along the length of your penis, watching you twitch and jump under my touch.

"Yum," I say again before leaning my head down to your lap.

You feel the tip of my tongue touch you, once, lightly. Then again, pushing a little bit harder. I lick from the tip to the base, then back again, making my tongue soft, then pointed, then soft again, letting your mind try to keep up with your body in processing these new sensations.

I take the head of your penis into my mouth, holding you there, warming and wetting you with my lips. I bathe you with my tongue until I realize you've stopped breathing. I close my eyes with pleasure as I remember you telling me you hold your breath right before you cum.

"Ann..." you beg, almost silently.

I smile around your penis, looking up at you. You think perhaps you see a wink, but then all thoughts are lost as I slide my mouth down, down around you. It is hot, and wet, and slippery and soft, all at the same time. When you are all the way into me, I swallow, trying to pull you in even more. You can feel my throat rippling around you, and your hips come a little off the chair.

I lift my head off, wrapping my lips around you, sliding up and opening my mouth until only the tip is resting on my tongue. I play with you, bouncing you up and down with my tongue, smiling. Then I take you all again, leaving you to gasp for air, surprised by the sudden envelopment.

Up and down I slide, over and over, running my hands over your thighs and stomach, touching every part of you that I can reach. Sometimes I take you out of my mouth and stroke you, just a few times, watching you in my hand. Then I lower my head again, licking you and swirling my tongue against you as my head bobs up and down in your lap.

"Ann...oh, Ann...." You try to keep your eyes open in vain. Your head tilts back, and you surrender yourself completely to my mouth. "I'm going to cum soon," you warn.

I stroke you again. "Good," I respond, then return to sucking.

I love the way you taste. Love, love, love the way you taste. And that thought consumes me as I do everything I can to please you, everything I can to help you come in my mouth, in me...yum.

Sucking and licking, up and down, in and out, swirling and maybe grazing my teeth along you, just once.... Your head has fallen back, completely relaxed, but your thighs are tense, so hard I wonder if they might spring out of your skin.

"Ann..." Your moan only makes me suck you just a little bit more tightly, keeping the same rhythm and licking at you every chance I get.

"Ann...oh..." You jerk, once, twice in your chair as your orgasm hits you. I don't miss a beat, holding the stickiness of your pleasure in my mouth along with your penis. I can feel your cum in the back of my throat, and I swirl it around in my mouth before I swallow it, letting its heat wash over my tongue, savoring every drop. I gently lick you until you push me away, unable to bear it any more.

I look up at you, grinning.

"Yum."