 I want to thank my editor, j.q. hack. I'm not sure how I could have submitted this without your help. Thank you for your patience and time. This story is perfect now.

<><><><><><><><><><><><>

She stood on the balcony, against the railing staring out to the ocean waves that crashed upon the shore. Waiting. She knew he would come tonight for he had told her so himself, not but a few hours ago. She prepared with a long hot bath, perfumed steam rising and heating her body with a flush of desire that sent her heart racing. Her long, black hair brushed smooth, just reaching the small of her back. Her body, scented from her bath with jasmine. She was shaved smooth, with only a little puff of dark curls hiding her jewel. Wearing only a thin silk robe that was white and almost translucent in the moonlight. It rested just over her shoulders, the ties open to let the moonlight caress her full upturned breasts.

And she waited. With just her thoughts and the promise of a night of pleasure making her nervous, but so hungry for her lover's touch. She couldn't understand why she was nervous. She wasn't a trembling virgin hiding in her bed waiting, but quite experienced in the bedroom. She had been with this man for a long time, and knew him well. His likes, dislikes, the pleasure she could lavish upon him that would make him cry out her name. He had taught her everything she knew.

She rested her palms on the cool wood of the railing, lightly tapping her index and middle fingers on the wood, fighting the urge to pace back and forth. It was now almost an hour since he had told her he would be there. The waiting made her restless and when she finally felt the slight puff of air as the door to her room opened, sucking the sheer gauze curtains into the room, then puffing back out at the slight click of the door, she trembled. A breath of cool, night air sent goose flesh racing about her body and making her nipples tighten with the chill. Motionless as possible, she stood facing out, knowing he would stalk towards her. Knowing his gaze would rake over her back taking in the loose robe. She heard something being set on the balcony behind her.

"Will you submit to pleasure, my lady?" His hands slid onto her waist, then slid around to cup her breasts.

She gasped and that seemed to satisfy him. He stepped back, turned into the room, and pulled the quilt from her bed and folded it so that it made a large cushion. He went back out and pulled her back to place the quilt over the railing to cushion her. She caught a glimpse of him in the corner of her eyes. He was dressed in a soft white shirt that was unbuttoned completely, and soft, black breeches that were so snug, they showed off the bulge of his cock. His brown hair, damp and curled around his ears from a shower, and the scent of sandalwood emanated from his skin, and sent a jolt of awareness through her. He finished adjusting the quilt and pushed her back against it. The railing came to just below her breasts and pressed against her intimately.

"Spread your legs." He purred the order and as she complied, and heard the clink of chains. Before she could react, one shackle was clinked around her right ankle. Her eyes went wide, breathing increased till she panted, tensed, and tried to pull away, fear and distrust running through her mind. This was an area they had not played around with much, and this was, she realized, what she had been nervous about. He had voiced his desire at doing this, but she had always told him no, maybe later.

"Trust me." She forced her body to soften at his voice and relax her tensed muscles. The shackle was covered in soft velvet so as not to mar her skin. She felt the tug of the chain as he attached the other end to one of the slats on the railing. The other shackle clasped to her left ankle and attached the same way. They would keep her from being able to close her legs. She felt a gush of wetness at how vulnerable she was in this position, knowing he would see all of her. She felt his hands on her shoulders and he pulled the robe from her, kissed her neck as he pulled away. He went back to the bag of items he had brought and pulled out two long satin ribbons. He clasped her right hand and placed it on the railing. He passed the ribbon through the opening and tied it to the railing then tied it to her hand. He applied the same technique to her other wrist, and she was bound. She would not be able to escape. She breathed deeply, trying to adjust to the position and calm her racing pulse.

He pulled something out of his bag and left her to go back inside. Making her wait and wonder. The arousal crashing through her. She heard water running in the bathroom. He came back and set a glass item on the railing next to her.

"Bend over angel." She did as told, letting her body rest on the soft fabric of the quilt, flushing for she knew he would see her wetness. It made her feel defenseless. "Very nice," he purred and she felt his fingers scoop some of her honey. She knew he would taste her and she felt another rush trickle down. "Delectable, angel." 

She heard a snap then nothing. Finally she spoke for the first time, curiosity getting the better of her. "What are you doing?"

"You will need lubrication." And she felt his fingers against her ass. He slid a slick finger in, her body clenching at the intrusion. "Relax," he said, his breath puffing against her neck. He kissed her neck and her head fell back against his shoulder and he distracted her with his lips and tongue. She relaxed into his body and his finger was able to move and massage her gently. Slowly he slid another finger in and stretched her open slightly. "Have you ever been deflowered here?" She shook her head, answering a question he already knew the answer to, considering she had only always been with him. "Mmm, a virgin ass. How delightful." He purred again. 

He slowly squeezed more lubricant into her hole, massaging and spreading it into and around her. Gradually it started to feel heavenly to her. Then he withdrew his fingers, and she moaned at the emptiness she felt. He laughed slightly and picked up the glass object he had placed beside her. Then there was a hot relentless pushing against her hole, spreading her. 

"Relax," he told her again when she tensed, and he was able to slide it all the way in. She felt so full and it was so hot. She moaned again, her hips undulating with the pleasure of it. "Ah, your ass likes the plug I heated for you, huh? Good, love." She heard him go back to his bag and then go back into the bedroom. She heard something clink into the bucket that held the champagne she had put in the room just in case. He swirled the object around in the icy water, then came back drying the object with a towel. He set it on the railing and she saw it was a long, clear, glass dildo. Curved with nodules around the base. She heard his clothes coming off. He snapped open the lube cover again and squeezed some onto his hand and then rubbed it onto his engorged cock, gasping at the pleasure. With five brisk thrusts, he came, his seed spurting over the railing to the ground below. His groaned his gratification and leaned heavily against the railing next to her.

"Why didn't you let me service you, lover?" She whispered agonizingly. She turned her head to look at his face.

"Because, this is only about you."

"But I love your cum."

"Later, angel." And he picked up the dildo and the tube of lubricant, squeezing some onto the shaft. "Stay bent over." He ordered, his breathing harsh. She felt the head of the dildo slide into her dripping pussy, and she gasped and cried out at the shocking cold of it. While the ass plug was still quite hot in her hole, the dildo was the opposite causing her to clench her body around both. She arched her back, her ass high in the air and her head and upper body slumped down. He pressed the dildo in a little bit more and began pressing it against the front of her sheath. She undulated her hips in rhythm with his slight thrusting; her breath coming out in tortured moans and sobs with the pleasure coursing through her. 

"Please." she sobbed. She begged him to take her but he would not give her a release until she came spurting into the hand he held under her. And as he stroked harder and faster, she felt her body on the verge. He pressed two more times, bent his head to the side of her neck and nipped her just hard enough to send her spiraling out of control. She came, spurting like a water geyser against his hand. He cupped his hand to catch her juices to bring them to his mouth to drink. Her essence sweet, salty. Then he pulled the dildo from her still clenching body and thrust heavily into her. All the way in, making her cry out. He thrust again and she convulsed around him. The contractions making him groan and hold her more closely to him. But he still thrust after the pulses slowed and she felt another wave start to crest. As she came a third time, he pumped into her one last time, his hot seed spurting into her, shouting and falling against her as her body milked every last drop of his cum from his body. The silkiness of it trickling down her legs. 

They heaved and gasped for air and he slowly slid from her body. He untied her hands and unclasped the shackles from her ankles. Then he picked her up in his arms and carried her to the bed to lay her down gently. She lay boneless, the ass plug still causing her body to pulse around it and bring minute amounts of pleasure. Slowly he pulled the plug out, her body objecting to its release at the last moment. He touched her clit which was still slightly engorged and she relaxed, allowing the plug to slide out the rest of the way. He went out and got the dildo and lubricant and set them on the table beside her bed.

He smiled down at her widened eyes. "Just in case for later." And he crawled into bed beside her, drawing the covers up over them. Kissed her on the lips. Clung for a moment then slumped down beside her.

And they slept.

~~~~~~

He awoke to her lips pressing a kiss to the soft skin of his groin, and he hummed his approval, the sound making her look up and smile at him. He saw the love in her eyes as she bent down to her mission of pleasuring him to a state of undeniable bliss. She slid her body up his until she could press kisses to his neck and collarbone. She nuzzled the underside of his jaw, breathed deeply to absorb all of his warm, male scent. Unique and unlike any other she had ever encountered. A smell that always made her weak in the knees if she was standing, and made her want to climb into his skin and never leave. She brought her hands up and encircled his neck with them, testing his power, fingers rubbing the hair at the nape. He arched his head back, enjoying her caresses, and trying to get her to rub more firmly. He felt her smile against his cheek as she kissed him.

"Turn over," she commanded, and he chuckled at the dominance she tried to exert over him. 

He did as ordered and was pleasantly surprised when she pressed the palms of her hands deep into the muscles of his upper back. He grunted with approval as she stroked her hands up and down his body, releasing the tension of a long day. Kisses pressed to the small of his back, and he almost jumped when one was placed in the cleft at the top of his buttocks, made him tense his muscles then relax as she continued down his legs.

The columns of his legs were a joy to be tested for their strength and power, hands trying to encircle them, but failing at their girth. Feet massaged and knots worked out so that by the time she slid her body back up to his he was almost boneless. He was in such a state of relaxation, that he almost didn't register she stopped her caressing and was now just draped over his body one hand idly caressing the lock of hair at the back of his ear.

He rumbled and rolled her off him so he could pull her close, her face near his, her hands pillowed under her head. He kissed the tip of her nose, and gazed into the deep green of her eyes; eyes like the deepest green of an emerald. Eyes he could get lost in, and tried to when she was like this. He stroked his hand down the side of her body, from shoulder to hips, savoring the satiny skin. So delicate that if he pressed just a bit to hard in his passion, she had bruises for a week. As it was, when he kissed her on the balcony, sucking on the skin of her neck, he left a few red marks that would be dark blue come tomorrow.

His palm cruised back up to the breast that was visible and with his thumb, softly brushed the rosy tip, grinning inwardly as it pebbled into a hard, little bead. He loved how she responded to his touch, always eager to please him or be pleased. He brushed again, savoring the soft sigh she released as her eyes closed with pleasure. Pulling her up and over his body, he nuzzled and kissed the underside of her creamy breasts, savoring the silky smooth texture of her perfumed skin. He ran his tongue up the valley between, the taste sweetly salty.

She gripped his shoulders, holding tightly as he pressed hot, open-mouthed kisses along her collarbone and neck, her legs straddling his hips and enjoying the sensation of his cock growing beneath her. As he ran his mouth back down to her breasts, getting closer to the diamond points begging for his attention, she grabbed the hair behind his ears pulling him closer so he would get the hint.

He did and laughed, giving her what she desired. The tip of his tongue touched the tiny crest and circled it, making it tighten even more. She whimpered and he sucked the whole bud into his hot mouth.

Her back arched and she threw her arms around his neck, holding on for dear life and he suckled and kissed her body until she thought she would go up in flames. When she thought she wouldn't be able to stay lucid much longer, he changed direction and started working his way down her body as he pulled her higher against him. She was now straddling his chest and he was able to flick his tongue in her navel, making her jump. He drew her up over him until her dripping pussy was right over his mouth and he raised her hands and indicated that she should hold the headboard. He spread her thighs over his head and proceeded to flick his tongue upward. It flicked against her moist petals, causing her to jerk and cry out softly. His hands went to her hips and he pulled her down so that his face was buried. And he feasted. Slid his tongue in and scooped out the sweet honey she made for him. The scent driving him wild; a scent that made him want to never stop.

Her body was alive and wracked with tremors as he stroked and sucked, licked and nibbled. His teeth grazed over her clit, and she jerked as if to pull away. But he held her down to his mouth and continued his delicious torture. 

She was shaking like a leaf when he pressed one of his fingers into her, his mouth never leaving her clit. Her moans and pleas a balm to his soul, knowing only he could bring her to this state of ecstasy. He nipped the little bud and felt her jerk. Soothed it with the flat of his tongue while still thrusting now two fingers into her drenched sheath, feeling the tiny muscles grip his fingers, knowing she was close.

"Come for me, baby," he whispered and bit down firmly on her clit and thrust hard into her. 

She came apart, screaming, an almost tortured look to her face. She gripped the headboard so hard, her knuckles white and tense as if in agony. But this was an agony that was so wonderful, she wasn't sure she would ever come back.

When she finally calmed and her body was no longer wracked with shudders, he pulled her down to drape her body over his. He kissed her gently and she tasted herself on his lips. She pressed her face into his neck and breathed deeply, still out of breath.

He stroked his hands up and down her back, soothing and calming. She was finally able to lift her head and kiss him.

"My turn," she whispered and began to work over his body, intent upon pleasuring him the same way he had her. Her palms stroked his chest, fingers feathering through the light dusting of dark hairs sprinkling it. Copper colored nipples nipped and laved making him arch his back and breath deeply, trying not to grab her hips and pull her down to his raging cock. He gripped the sheets on either side and prayed she wouldn't continue this delicious torture much longer.

His wishes not heard as she continued her way down, brushing her lips along the arrow of hair that ran down his stomach to his groin. Her lips brushed the top of the dark curls, a scant inch from the head of his cock, and he begged her to get on with it. She ignored his demands and trailed her lips back up to his navel where she swirled her tongue in then ran it down to his hipbone where she left a red mark, that declared him hers.

And when he thought he wouldn't be able to control himself further, she pressed an open-mouthed kiss to the base of his cock before continuing up to the tip. She nibbled and laved, her tongue hot and wet. His musky scent an aphrodisiac to her senses, the salty taste of pre-cum a delight.

He reached down and gripped her head, intending to pull her up, but she took him into her mouth and all he could do was arch his back towards her and groan. She sucked and tongued the underside of him, one of her hands on the upper part of his shaft, the other massaged his balls gently. Hummed her pleasure at his taste, and he felt the vibrations run up his body and he broke out in a fine sweat. She raised her eyes to meet his and he saw the utter devotion she felt for him shining and making his gut clench with the love he felt for her

She slowly took more of him in, the head of him pressing against her throat. And she finally relaxed and he slid all the way into her mouth and throat causing him to shout out with shock and bliss. She had never been able to relax enough to swallow his cock and now she was holding him in such a tight grip with her mouth and throat, he knew that he wouldn't be able to last much longer. 

She held him there as long as possible, then pulled him out, gasping for air. When she could breathe again, she took him back in again all the way, him shouting again. She went back to sucking and stroking until he came shooting into her mouth. Hot and creamy. She swallowed him down and cleaned his cock with her tongue until not a drop was left. 

He lay gasping on the bed, his body wracked with shudders as the last tremors passed. Leaving him sated for the moment. He pulled her up to his chest and kissed her mouth, his tongue sweeping in. He tasted his essence and the rich flavor of her mouth. Their tongues tangled and the passion swept through them again and he felt his cock start to harden again. 

He shifted to his side and pulled her back against his chest so that they were spoon fashion. He reached over to grasp the ass plug and lubricant on the table flipping open the cap and squeezing some of the jelly onto the shaft of the plug. He reached behind her and slowly inserted the plug into her body, the residue from the previous application, making her slick. She arched back, moaned, and he pressed the plug firmly to her opening as he lifted her leg up over his thigh and slid into her firmly. She gasped but was too tired to resist the pleasure that ran deeply up her body.

He thrust gently but deeply. And slowly she felt her body respond to him tightening around his shaft. Her hips churned and he thrust again and again as he reached around and cupped her breasts, pinching the tips in delicious torture. They came at the same time, she cried out and he roared his pleasure. He thrust on last time as the final spurt of cum left his body.

He was finally sated so that he would not be able to take her for a long time. He pulled the plug from her ass and she sighed as it was released fully. He set it on the table and pulled her to his body, his flaccid cock still imbedded pleasurably in her hot sheath . He grasped her left hand and stared down at the gold band that circled her fourth finger.
