 We sat in the car watching the banks front entrance, people were shuffling in and out few at a time, it was early and business was slow.

"are we gonna do this then?"

It was Robbie, he had his gun in his hand and looked nervous.

"Yeah let's go, put that thing away until we get in there, you can't flash it around you know."

Robbie put the gun away and we left the car and crossed the street. We walked into the bank and were surprised how empty it was, there was about five employee's and maybe three customers at most. The employees looked pretty relaxed, there was a security guard next to the doorway, he was old and wrinkled and looked as if he was falling asleep. There was the manager who was raking through a filing cabinet looking for a document that one of the customers was talking to him about. there was a young man who looked as if he had just left school and a man and a woman talking together, these two caught my attention. They were about the same age, maybe late twenties, and they were laughing and joking with each other. From the body language they were putting out they were either married or fucking each others brains out during their breaks. The man was broad and strong looking and he was tanned with slick black hair. The woman was stunning!

She looked as if she could have been a model, she had long blonde hair tied in a plait in that came down to the bottom of her shoulder blades. She had beautiful legs, these were particularly striking as she was not wearing and stockings or tights and her skin looked as smooth as silk.

As my eyes traced up from her legs I caught a glimpse of her breasts. Her shirt was tight and the first few buttons had been undone, maybe for comfort but probably to show the others in the bank what she was packing. Her shirt outlined her breasts perfectly showing the smooth curve of her bra and her tit inside.

I could feel myself getting hard, but I knew I had to shake that feeling as we had a job to do.

Robbie leaned over and whispered in my ear "Ill get the security guard, you make sure they don't trip the alarms"

I nodded and walked further into the bank trying to get the manager, the employee's and the customers into my path.

Robbie stood at the door next to the guard, as two of the customers left, I couldn't believe my luck! there were six people in the bank and all of them were in my line of fire if any decided to try their luck.

I withdrew my gun, with out removing the safety, and nodded in Robbie's direction, he withdrew his gun and held it to the guards head clapping his hand over his mouth at the same time. I kept an eye on the others as Robbie quietly made the guard lock the door and walk towards the others.

"Everyone keep your hands where I can see 'em!!" I shouted, waving the gun in the air.

Everyone looked at me, shocked and confused, then they saw Robbie holding the guard at gun point.

Everyone's hands went up and I enjoyed the feeling of power it gave me to control these people. Then I got an idea...

"Everyone move to the space in the middle!"

they all started filing towards the big open space in the middle of the large bank, my attention was drawn to the blonde woman again.

She was staying close to the man and looked scared, he was trying to comfort her by whispering things in her ear.

"You two" I shouted, pointing my gun at them "No talking! and split up"

The woman almost panicked at this and shouted, "No, Please No! Let me stay with my husband" she pleaded.

I looked at them, my mind was telling me to just leave them and get out of here as quick as possible but my cock was telling me a different story.

"SPLIT UP!!!" I roared.

The man kissed the woman and whispered something to her, she then slid across the floor away from him.

"No one will be hurt if you just do what me and my associate tell you too, understood?"

They all nodded some looking unsure and as if they were gonna try something.

The guard took Robbie to the vault as I watched over the crowd we had gathered in the main hall.

"What's your name?" I asked the blonde woman.

"Tina," she replied, her voice shaky.

"Are you scared Tina?" I asked.

She looked at me as if I was the world biggest idiot, all I saw was her deep blue eyes.

"Yes, I'm very scared" she hissed. She was obviously humiliated.

We sat quietly for a while, I was so turned on by this woman and I was in a position to do something about it, but did I have the balls?

Robbie came back with the security guard and all our bags packed with money.

"We should get out of here" he said, laying the bags on the managers desk.

It was now or never, if I wanted to do something with Tina I'd have to do it now.

I motioned Robbie over and told him to take everyone away except Tina and her husband, Robbie did so, locking them all in a cupboard and then shifting a filing cabinet in front of it so they couldn't kick it down.

He came back over and looked at me.

"What are we gonna do with these two?" he asked.

"Just watch for now, go and restrain the guy" I whispered

He nodded and walked to the desk behind the guy, sitting on it.

I sat on the floor and looked at Tina, she was nervous and kept looking at the floor trying to avoid my gaze.

"Tina, come over here." I said, waving the gun in my direction.

She looked nervously at her husband, who looked back at me just as nervously, I smiled at him as she crawled along the floor to me.

I stroked her face with my fingers, her skin was so soft to my touch, she flinched a bit at first then let me continue. The rage in her husbands face was rising as he saw what I had on my mind.

I ran my fingers over her cheek, moving onto her lush red lips, she didn't seem to be to against it. I gently parted her lips with my finger and moved it into her mouth, her tongue didn't respond and she just sat there looking at the floor, then I reminded her subtly of the gun and she suddenly started to suck my finger as if it was her husbands cock.

Her husband meanwhile was getting more and more worked up, his face had turned a shade of dark red as he watched his gorgeous wife suck my finger.

I removed my finger from her mouth, and looked deep into her eyes. I wanted her so badly.

and all her finger sucking had made my cock stand to its full length at eight thick inches.

I slowly took Tina's hand and moved it onto my crotch, letting her feel what affect she had on me.

She looked me in the eyes, tears running down her cheeks.

"Take it out baby." I whispered

"No.........please don't make me do this," she pleaded "I don't want to cheat on my husband."

"Tina, take my cock out." I said firmly, waving the gun in her face.

Her hand moved up to my zipper, and with a light hug she started to slowly unzip my pants. When my zipper was down fully she slipped her small hand inside my pants, her sobs turning to a gasp as she wrapped her hand round my throbbing prick.

She carefully removed it from my zipper, bringing my cock out into the open she kept her hand wrapped around it.

Her husband watched in disbelief as his young wife reached into my pants and took out my massive cock. His anger and humiliation reached boiling point and he tried to jump up, Robbie pulled him down and put the muzzle of his gun to the back of his head.

"You're gonna sit and watch this buddy." said Robbie with a wide grin on his face.

Tina's eyes were on the floor as she held my cock, her face was flushed and she was trying to avoid looking at my swollen prick.

"Tina, I want you to suck my cock' I whispered, I laid the gun against her ear 'If I feel teeth, you feel this. You got me?"

She nodded, then slowly leaned down.

I felt the head of my cock encased by her hot, wet mouth.

I groaned as she started to suck softly at the head of my prick, her tongue massaging my fore-skin back and licking all round my head , flicking at the eye.

I looked down at her, my member in her mouth. She seemed to be getting more and more relaxed, holding my cock and licking the head like a lollipop. Her eyes caught my gaze and there was no fear in them anymore, just lust.

My back was against a desk with my legs lain out in front of me, Tina then surprised me as she moved from my left to in front of me straddling my legs, my cock still in her mouth.

My breathing quickened as she started to bob her head on my cock, her tongue licking my cock while her mouth fucked it. The feeling was amazing she was putting up no resisitance and I suspected she was enjoying it.

Robbie held on to her husbands collar with his gun at his temple, making sure he was watching as his wife sucked my cock quite willingly, tears streamed down his face and he tried to look away, Robbie keeping his view firmly on his wife in front of him.

Tina's efforts were increasing the pleasure from my groin. She had picked up the pace and was furiously bobbing her head on my cock, slurping noisily. I could feel her warm saliva running down my shaft as she gave me a great sloppy blow job.

Soft moans escaped her very full mouth, she took my cock out of her mouth and pulled my balls out of my pants, she leaned back down and started licking up and down the length of my shaft, laying a soft kiss on my swollen head whenever she go to the top and licking back down.

Her husband's sobs distracted me from the sucking his wife was giving me. Robbie slapped him and he quieted down and continued to watch the suck-fest in front of him.

Tina licked down my shaft and moved onto my balls, kissing them nibbling softly on my sack.

"OHHHHHHH baby that feels so good!" I shouted

Tina looked up at me and smiled and then took my balls into her mouth, sucking and licking my sack sensuously.

The tension in my balls increased as she kissed her way back up my shaft and again engulfed my cock in her mouth.

My moans and groans increasing as she raked her teeth down my shaft. I had let go of my gun and hand my hands on the back of her head, digging deeply into the soft blonde pleat, my hands bobbing up and down as she again deep-throated my shaft.

"I'm gonna cum!" I almost screamed, my breath coming in ragged pleasured gasps.

Tina moaned in pleasure at hearing that and started to nibble and suck on my head.

I couldn't hold back any longer as my cum exploded into her mouth, It felt as if I had exploded half a gallon of hot cum into her mouth, she sucked it all up and swallowed most if it, but I had exploded too much and some was dribbling down her chin.

She removed my cock from her mouth gasping, and then ran my head over her chin, mopping it up and then licking it off.

I was gasping for breath, my head spinning from the orgasm and the kissing Tina was now giving my cock.

Her husband looked on as Tina unbuttoned my pants, I stood up and she slid them off. I took of my T-shirt and her hands caressed my chest kissing my nipples and lightly biting them. Tina was on fire and I kissed her deeply on the lips tasting the salty taste of my own cum. I gripped her shirt and ripped it open, her breast filled bra bulging out now released from their its polyester prison.

I kisses her neck lightly biting the skin and licking it softly, she gasped and moaned at my pleasurable treatment.

"Please.....fuck me." she moaned.

I pulled the left cup of her bra off her tit and took a good look at the large orb.

It was as tanned as the rest of her and the nipple stood out a dark pink color to her tanned flesh. Her nipple was hard and when I squeezed it between my fingers she moaned softly, leading me to deduce her nipple were very sensitive.

I leaned my head down and took her nipple between my teeth, breathing around it. She moaned as my hot breath cushioned her nipple. her hands came up to the side of my head and she held it there gently as I began to lick her nipple, rolling it around on my tongue and flicking at it. I then applied a bit of pressure with my teeth and I felt Tina's body stiffen as the pleasure became too much for her. I eased off and gently sucked her nipple taking the bra cup off her other breast, cupping it with my hand and grinding her nipple into my palm.

I stopped sucking her nipple and kissed down her flat firm stomach, I came to her skirt and reached down to her knee's taking a hold of the hem of her skirt and lifting it higher till it was wrapped round her waist.

Her husband who had been quiet up until now suddenly started to get really worked up.

"No... Tina what are you doing?? Stop him!" He screamed

Robbie quickly punched him in the face and he once again quieted down.

Meanwhile Tina had been chewing my neck, which had once again got me hard as my cock started to stiffen.

I moved my hands to Tina's small lace panties, running my hands down between her legs I discovered she was wet, the crotch of her panties was soaked.

"You're so wet." I said shocked

"I'm wet for you, fuck me hard!" she retorted, I got the feeling that it wasn't her that was saying it, like she had been overcome with lust and pleasure and was not acting of her own accord.

She spread her legs enough to let me slide her panties off , which I obligingly did. Her pussy was beautiful, a neat trimmed triangle of hair highlighted her soft pink lips.

My cock shot up at the sight of this and Tina noticed, wrapping her hand around my hard cock.

"Please put it in me... I need your hard cock, my husbands is only four inches long at its maximum" she pleaded

Robbie laughed so hard at that, poking her husband with the gun and laughing at him,

"You hear that? Your cock is tiny! Not enough for a girl like that. Pinky dick!!"

I was not interested in his humiliation, I was more concerned with fucking his wife.

"What one is your husband's desk?" I asked Tina.

She pointed to a desk in the corner and we went over to it, Robbie followed close with her husband sitting him on the floor while he took a chair to enjoy the show.

I shoved all the stuff from the desk onto the floor and Tina jumped up on it, hanging her legs off the side, open slightly letting me see her pussy, which glistened in the light from her husbands desk lamp.

I moved between her legs and guided my cock head to the opening of her pussy, I rubbed it round her lips, teasing her, before shoving deep into her pussy.

She moaned and I gasped as my cock slid into her, she was dripping wet and I slid in easily. what I really noticed was her tightness, her pussy muscles were so tight around my cock and I loved it.

I ground my hips into her causing her to moan and groan in pleasure.

"OH YES... OH fuck me, I want you to fuck me like my husband never could," she screamed.

I pumped deeper and deeper into her, reaching areas her husband never did with his maggot. It felt divine.

"Oh baby, your so tight!" I shouted

Her husband was wailing but he was hardly audible over the sound of his wife screaming in pleasure and the obscene slapping sound of my balls hitting her pussy lips as I rammed my cock deep into his wife.

Tina wrapped her legs round my ass and pulled me into her deeper. Moaning loudly, and biting her bottom lip.

The tension started to build up in my balls again, and I could feel Tina's Body stiffen as I pumped my cock in and out of her tight pussy faster and faster working up to a mind blowing simultaneous orgasm.

"YES... HARDER... I'm going to cum!!" she screamed

This was music to my ears, her husband was sobbing uncontrollably as I fucked his wife willingly on his desk. And she was loving every second of it.

I felt pre-cum oozing out of my cock head and being lost in a flood of her juices.

"MMMMMM baby im cumming!" I moaned.

I pumped deeper into her and stopped suddenly my cock exploded another load deep into Tina's hot wet pussy, my prick throbbed as it shot load after load deeper into her.

She was moaning and screaming as her own orgasm arrived in a tidal wave of cum, engulfing my cock in her hot juices.

I gasped and couldn't take breath for half a minute as her pussy muscles, tight as ever, worked around my cock.

I pulled out of her and let her suck me clean, taking her own juices off my deflating prick

"That was amazing babe." I said with a smile

She smiled back and then motioned to Robbie to come over to her.

I got dressed quickly and guarded her husband as she sucked off Robbie and let him fuck her. I had to shut the husband up a few times but he was generally good.

He almost blew his top when Robbie took Tina up the ass.

When we were both satisfied we got dressed and tied up Tina's husband, we handed Tina the keys to the cupboard and we took the one for the door.

we picked up the bags of money and our guns and went towards the door.

"Oh, wait a minute" I shouted running to the back of the bank.

"Where did you go?" Robbie asked when I got back.

"Couldn't leave this now could I?" I said shaking the cassette from the CCTV camera

Robbie laughed and we went to the door.

"Wait up!" Tina shouted

I turned around and Tina French-kissed me, sliding something into my trouser pocket.

As we left I checked what she had given me. It was her number.