 One of the nice things about living where I do, is that, even though it is a single family home neighborhood, many things are an easy walking distance away. 

I had changed banks recently. And it so happened that they had a branch in the strip center that was all of an 8 minute walk from my house. A dry cleaner, a few restaurants, and some other retail stores were there as well.

When I had opened my account there, I was sitting at one of the desks waiting on Mike, one of the account reps, to come back with some photocopies.

As I sat there, a woman walked out from behind the teller counter area. My eyes suddenly became preoccupied with her figure. About five foot ten, probably about 160lbs, chesty, shoulder length brown hair, and wearing a pleated skirt with small pleats. I would guess maybe thirty years old. My forty five year old dick nearly jumped out of my pants.

I had always had this thing for nice pleated skirts with the tiny pleats in them. The more easily flowing the material, the better. I don't know what the visual was doing to my brain, but it was definitely sexual stimuli for me.

She sat down at another desk not far away. She glanced my way, and caught me staring. I did my best to appear like I wasn't. I smiled and gave a little hand wave. Failing miserably, I looked away and put my hand on my head like I had an intense migraine. Great. Now she thinks I am some sort of staring creeper. Good job there Ace.

Mike wanders back with paperwork and photocopies. "Ok, I need you to sign the highlighted areas. I will put all your copies in a folder to take with you." He says.

I sign off on them, and get the usual batch of starter checks and he hands me the folder with all my paperwork.

"So can you do auto loans and home equity loans here as well, or do I have to go to the main branch?" I asked him.

"Yes, we can get that all started here. It all eventually goes through the main branch, but we can get all the paperwork going and in most cases, you don't need to go to the main office for anything usually." He says.

"Is there anything else we can do for you today?" Mike says.

"No, that's all for now. Thanks for the help." I say.

I get up and shake his hand. "If you have any questions, my card is in the folder." He says.

"Ok. Thanks. Have a good day." I say. And with that I get up to walk out. Miss hot banker also got up and our paths crossed. She paused to let me walk by, which I was anxious to do before I turned beet red.

Instead, I stopped and turned to her. "Hi. I have to apologize. I didn't mean to be staring earlier."

I held out my hand. "My name is Darik." I said.

She smiled and said, "Hi. I'm Linda. Oh no problem. I'm used to the glances at my age." She said, laughing a bit. "Did you get all your things taken care of?" She asked.

"Yes, thanks. Mike took care of everything."

"Great. Well let me give you my card, in case he's not in." She said, reaching to the desk for her card.

Handing the card to me, she says, "The branch hours are on the back."

I notice she is not wearing a wedding ring.

"Thanks Linda. It was a pleasure to meet you," I said, looking her in the eye, and then letting my eyes drift lower to her cleavage and back up, intentionally.

"You too" she said, smiling with a bit of a knowing look in her eye.

And so off I went, with visions of her breasts in my hands and my tongue buried in her pussy. Goodness. I think I was getting a hard on.

Over the next month or so, I make it a point to stop into the bank and get a printout of my account activity. Not that I needed it. I didn't. But it gave me the opportunity to chat up Linda a few times. Sometimes she was busy with customers and I just enjoyed the view. I knew she caught me looking more than once.

Weeks passed and I was busy with work. The weather was getting nice. Fall was coming. Some of the leaves were starting to drop off the trees. 

I had been thinking about getting a different truck. The one I had was getting very high miles on it. So I started checking around. It looked like I could pick up a fairly decent newer one for about twelve thousand. I would need to take out a small loan for it. No big deal. I had about five thousand to put down on it. 

Saturday came around and I decided to walk over to the bank to see about an auto loan. Mike was there and available. So he got all the paperwork started. Linda was busy with customers. 

Mike and I finished up the paperwork on the auto loan. He said they would let me know within a day or two. So I left and walked back home to do some yard work.

Wednesday came around and I hadn't heard anything from the bank yet. I decided to call. Mike was not in. Apparently he had some vacation time he was using. So I got to talk to Linda after being on hold a few minutes.

"Hi Derik. It's Linda. How are you today?"

"Great." I said. "How's life in banking land?"

"Oh it's busy here as usual. This location is proving to be popular." She said.

"I can see why. It's an easy walk for anyone in the subdivision here. I always walk there myself." I said.

"Oh for sure. I imagine there are others who do the same." She said. "So what can I help you with today?"

I said, "Well Mike was getting together an auto loan for me, but I had not heard back yet."

"Oh okay, let me go over to his desk and see if he has the file there." She said.

After a minute or so she picks up the phone again, "Okay, I have it. He has a note here...let me see... Oh I see, there is another form here that he needed you to sign." She said.

"Ohh, hmm, I thought we got all the paperwork done. Dang. Well..." I said, pondering.

"I do apologize for the oversight. Since you're close by, I could just bring it to you tomorrow on my lunch break if that would work." She said.

"That would be great. What time were you thinking?" I inquired.

"How about 1pm?" She said.

"Ok, yes, that should work fine." I said.

"Alright then, I will see you tomorrow. Once that is signed, the main office will process everything quickly." She said.

"Very good. Then I will see you tomorrow." I said.

"Sounds good. Have a great day. Bye now." She said.

As I hung up, visions of her tits in my mouth and her ass in my hands danced through my head. Would she? Might she? Was there time? Thoughts raced around in my head.

That evening after work, I cleaned up the house. Got the bath all cleaned, and the bedroom. Found a nice scented candle that I could use. Talk about not being prepared for a potential opportunity.

I got washed up around 10pm, usual shave and shower. I shaved my balls nice and smooth, and neatly trimmed the hair around the base of my cock.

I laid in bed thinking about her in that pleated skirt. As I drifted off to sleep, my hands were on her hips...

Morning came. I woke with a very nice hard on as usual. Stretching, I reached and grabbed my cock and stroked it slowly, hoping the day would be memorable.

Driving to work I wondered what Linda would be wearing today. Thankfully I have a flexible lunch schedule, and did not work far from home.

The morning seemed to drag on in the office. While I was doing some bookkeeping, I pondered the last time I had an orgasm. It had been at least a week, possibly ten days since I last masturbated. Too long for sure.

By the time 11am rolled around, I was busy as a bee at the keyboard. Numbers, numbers and more numbers danced across the screen. The printer hummed as reports printed.

I let other people know I was taking lunch a bit later today. It worked out fine. I was able to catch up on a few things in the meantime.

As the clock came round to 12:45, I finished my last entries. And five minutes later I was out the door getting in my car. Made the quick drive to my house. I went in, and lit a candle in the kitchen for some ambiance. Patchoulli I think was the scent. 

I got cleaned up quickly in the bath. Looking good, smelling good, feeling good. I pulled my cock out and started stroking. As it reached for the sky, the doorbell rang. I tucked back into my slacks, bulge clearly evident, and went to the door.

I opened the door and Linda was there, paper in hand. I smiled and opened the door. 

"Come on in." I said.

"Hi again. I hope this is not too much trouble." she said.

"Not at all." I said. "You look very nice today."

She was wearing a summer dress, with white stockings. The front buttons on it undone enough for me to see her ample cleavage. 

"Thank you." She said, glancing at her feet and mentioning her new shoes. As she raised her head, she noticed my prevalent bulge. Clearing her throat a bit, she says, "Well being so close by makes things convenient for sure."

"How long do you normally take for lunch?" I asked.

"Oh an hour typically." She said. "It's nice to have a bit more time to relax."

"Yes, indeed. Well, come sit in the living room. May I get you an iced tea?"

"Oh I don't want to bother you." She said.

"No worries. I'm single, so having a guest is a nice break from the normal alone at home routine." I said.

I go to the kitchen and pour a small glass with ice. I bring it out to her. She is sitting on the sofa.

Handing it to her, I can't help but look at her nice legs. 

"Thank you. So here is the paper you need to sign and then the main branch will finish processing it." She said. 

After looking it over, I grab a pen off the table and sign and date the form. And then sit on the chair next to the couch, which gives me a nice view of her legs.

"How do you like your house?" She inquires.

"It's fine for me. Big enough. The rooms are all a bit small, but I don't have a lot of stuff." I said.

"I like cozy she says. Do you mind if I take my shoes off? They are still not broken in yet." She asks.

"No, not at all." I say.

She leans forward and her tits are barely restrained by her bra as she leans down and takes off each shoe. I think she knew exactly what she was doing to me. 

"It's such a nice day out today isn't it. I always like days like this." She said, as she leaned back on the couch and moved her left foot up onto the couch and reached down to rub it a bit. In doing so, I got a clear view of her beige lace panties.

My cock went to full erection mode.

"So did your deposit go through okay when you opened the checking account?" She asked, lowering her leg.

"Yes, it did. No trouble there." I said.

"For some accounts we have, there are penalties for early withdrawals." She said, looking at my crotch now.

If that wasn't a green light, I don't know what was. 

I cleared my throat a bit and said, "Let me show you the house." I got up, and held out my hand for her.

She took my hand and stood up. We walked down the hall, I pointed out the bath on the left. And then we walked right into the master bedroom.

"This is the main bedroom. Small but comfortable." I said.

"Linda walks up close to me and says, "Oh it's not so small." And I feel her hand on my crotch as she rubs the length of it.

"I meant what I said about early withdrawals. How do you feel about making another deposit now?" She says looking at me.

"Oh can I ever." I say. 

My hands land on her hips and I pull her to me. As we kiss her perfume fills my senses. She immediately undoes my belt and unbuttons my slacks. Our tongues are intertwined.

My hands are all over her tits. Our breathing is intense. Linda gets on her knees and pulls out my eight inch shaft. It's dripping already. She takes it in her mouth and sucks me deep, hand on my balls, rubbing them. She pops the buttons on her dress as she sucks me. Her sheer bra covered tits coming into full view. She stops sucking me as my balls tighten up.

"My my, you are ready to pop aren't you naughty man." She says.

She gets up and unbuttons the rest of her dress and lets it fall. What a body! Wow. Holy wow.

My eyes are transfixed on her glorious curves as she gets on the bed. She spreads her stocking clad legs and massages her pussy through her lace panties. 

I pick up her one leg, and kiss it, all the way to her crotch. I lay down watching her fingers rub her pussy lips. Her sweet snatch is just one bit of fabric away from my tongue. She pulls her panties to the side and my mouth hungrily lands on her pussy. Lapping at it like a dehydrated dog.

"Oh fuck." She says gasping, as my lips suck on her clit. Wonderful pussy wetness. Tastes exactly like a turned on pussy should. My dick is throbbing in anticipation. My dick dripping on the bed in anticipation. Linda starts to shake and hold her breath. "Oh...OH..." She gasps and stiffens, as my tongue sucks her clit and two fingers glide into her. 

She grabs my head and pulls it to her as she cries out with pleasure. Waves of orgasmic bliss fill her. My tongue stays with her bucking hips, rolling her into more orgasms as my hands hold her nice ass from underneath.

She pulls me up to her and kisses me. Her pussy juice all over my face. My cock pressing against her lace panties. She hurriedly reaches down and pulls her panties aside and my dick slowly slides in to her hot wet box. 

"Ohhh God YES...fuck! She says. "Fuck my pussy, fill me with your cum! Fuck me! 

She grabs me around the back and pulls her knees back and I pound her deep. She is so tight. My cock is in wonderland. I manage about fifteen deep strokes. She knows I am going to bust my nut.

Linda's nails dig into my shoulders, and she shudders. "Cum in my pussy! Fill me now!" She begs.

My balls contract and my cock throbs as my cum shots flood into her hot box. I'm moaning. She is moaning and shaking. I drive my shaft deep and hold it in her as the last contractions of my shaft pump all my cream into her.

We lay there in breathless sweaty passion. I kiss her again. She reaches down and grabs my ass, pulls me forward and grinds herself into my spent cock, milking it for all it's worth.

"Holy fuck that was good." She said, her chest heaving.

"I didn't want to get any early withdrawal penalty." I said smiling.

"Damn right." She said laughing.

Letting out a deep long sigh, she looks at her watch and says, "I need to get back."

I roll off of her and 

Pulling her panties back over her cum soaked pussy, she gets up. "Well, back to work for me. I need to use your bath for a minute." She says, grabbing her dress and heading to the hall bath.

I get up and put my clothes back on. I meet her in the living room. She looks quite relaxed and happy. Then again, so do I.

Sitting down on the sofa she puts her new shoes back on. She picks up the paper I signed, and we walk to the front door. She turns and says, "I really enjoyed that. Thank you."

In a serious tone she then says, "I hope our branch can be of more service to you in the future." 

We both laugh and give each other a big hug and a kiss. "I can still smell my pussy on your face naughty man." She says.

"I hope it won't be the last time." I say smiling.

"We're all about customer service." She says with a big smile.

And off she goes down the front steps. I wave.

Looking at my watch, I sigh and get ready for heading back to work myself. 

I think I am definitely going to be liking the banking services at this new branch.

As I walk back into the office, Darla, the new accounts rep says, "Welcome back slowpoke. How was lunch?"

"It was the best lunch I had all year." I replied.

"Oh. What did you have?" Darla asked.

"A very satisfying lunch." I say with a smile.

"So basically three day old leftovers then." Darla said sarcastically.

"No, today I had a very healthy lunch." I said.

And with that, I dive into more stacks of paperwork at my desk. Instead of numbers on the screen, I keep seeing Linda's lace panties.

The rest of the day went by quick.