 Sally sat in the parking lot a few minutes after she watched Josh drive away. She had many mixed emotions and she felt very confused.  The old Sally was feeling as if she had been thrown into a pit of hellish obscenity. The more she could feel the wetness of her almost totally cum soaked panties the more she felt as if she was a condemned woman. The problem for Sally was the more disgusted she was with herself only served to fuel the forbidden passion that she had only recently discovered existed within her.

Sally had been raised in a rather sheltered life. Both her mother and her father were Church people and they were all very conservative. However, as Sally sat there wondering what she was going to do a memory suddenly surfaced in her mind. 

Sally could see herself at around seven years old in the bath. She could only remember bits of the event but she remembered her father coming into the bathroom. 

“Hi daddy,” Sally the child said as she greeted her father.

“I’m getting all clean,” she said proudly.

“Yes, you are. You are getting to be a big girl,” her father said. As Sally watched and remembered this scene in her mind things began to grow alarming.

Suddenly the bright lights of a car pulling into the parking lot awakened Sally from her trance. Sally felt really strange now. She could only vaguely remember the incident with her father but it made her feel very strange.  This had been a very strange night and Sally continued to feel both disgusted with herself but she also had a most uncontrollable itch between her legs. Sally drove out of the parking lot and hoped to return to the sanity of her home and the presence of her stabilizing husband, Jack who should be returning from his business trip in the next day or so.

Sally was totally exhausted as she pulled into her garage and got out of her car. She went into the house and fell into her husband’s recliner. She quickly fell asleep.

“Where am I?” Sally said as she awakened. She looked around and was relieved to find herself in her own living room. It was getting dark. 

“I must have slept all day,” she thought as she got up. She felt her panties sticking to her skin and suddenly the previous night’s memories flooded back into her mind. What added even more anxiety was the brief glimpse she remembered of the fragmented memory about her Dad and her alone in the bathroom.

“I have to take a shower.” Sally almost ran to the bathroom. She quickly threw off the dress Josh had given her along with the blouse. She then tore off the tight bra and was several sizes too small. Then as she pulled off the tiny panties soaked with her own cum she suddenly froze. The smell and the feel of her own cum was intoxicating. She could not help it but her hand went straight to her pussy and began to rub. To her total disgust she pulled the panties off her legs and began to smell them. Then in a fit of orgasmic insanity she began to rub the panties all over her face as her pussy exploded producing even more cum. She rubbed her already soiled panties all over wet pussy and then as she came a final time she put the panties in her mouth savoring the taste of her own cum.

As Sally slowly came back to herself she sat on the floor of the bathroom and cried. After a while she managed to shower and slowly came back to herself. As she felt more like the old Sally, she suddenly felt hunger pains. She had not eaten in over 24 hours so she put on her old jeans and a sweat shirt and went to prepared her a meal.

“At least Jack will be home soon and maybe I can get back to normal,” Sally thought as she ate a roast beef sandwich. However, Sally did not believe things would ever get back to normal.  Something had been awakened in her that she did not believe would ever go back to sleep.

Sally did not sleep much that night. She finally went to sleep but then awakened early. She was pleased to see Jack driving up the driveway later that morning.

“Jack, it is great to have you home,” Sally said and gave him a big kiss.

“Wow, it is good to be back home,” Jack said not expecting such a greeting from his rather shy wife. “What have you been up to?” he joked.

“Not much, just keeping up the house and doing some things at Church,” Sally said but thought to herself, “and being a total and complete slut, that’s all.” 

“How was your trip?” she quickly added.

“It went okay. The deal went through and I think we will do fine. You know in that motel I could not believe some of the things that they have on the cable,” Jack said.

“Oh, what do you mean Jack?” Sally was a bit intrigued that her conservative husband might actually watch something nasty on TV.

“Well I tell it was pure porno. There were naked people doing all kinds of things with each other, things I have never even thought possible,” Jack explained.

“What kind of things?” Sally asked with a hint of coyness in her voice. 

“Do you really want to know Sally?” Jack asked becoming interested in Sally’s reaction to this. He could not believe it but this was beginning to turn him on. He did not at all like to admit it but deep down he loved seeing all these naked men and women in their depraved sexuality. He remembered being unable to change the channel and he remembered having an erection that hurt it was so hard.

“Yes, I don’t know much about such things. I have seen a few things in Cosmo magazine that were shocking.”

“You know I don’t much care for you reading that magazine. However, these people were really wild and out of control.”

“Were the videos graphic?”

“Oh there were very graphic. You could see every detail of every body in the video.”

“Were the girls pretty?” Sally asked.

“Yeah there were some real pretty girls but most of them had what looked like breast implants,” he explained.

“Were the women sexy?” Sally asked and demurely looked down as if embarrassed by the question.

“I don’t know. I mean I guess they were,” Jack stuttered.

“Did they turn you on Jack?” Sally said and again looked away as she asked the question.

“Sally what kind of question is that. You know I am a faithful husband and would never do anything to break our vows.”

“Yes, I know that Jack but were you turned on by watching those women? Sometimes I don’t think I turn you on much,” Sally said.

“Of course you turn me on Sally. 

“But did those women also turn you on when they are doing what they were doing?”

“Sally, I can’t lie to you. Yes, they turned me on. I would never do anything with another woman but I am ashamed to admit that seeing those women do things did have an effect on me,” Jack said.

“Tell me something they did that you really liked,” Sally asked.

“Sally, are you sure you want to hear this kind of stuff?”

“Yes, I want to hear what turned you on,” she replied.

“Okay, Jack said as he sat down in the recliner; the same recliner that held Sally and her soiled panties after her adventure with Josh.

“The story I watch was about a young girl that was hitchhiking. A man picked her up and she was seduced by him.”

“How did he seduce her?” Sally asked.

“Well she was wearing a very short dress and when she sat down you could easily see her pink panties. She had on a very tight halter and you could see her breasts right through them. As they drove off the man began rubbing her leg and soon he pulled over at a rest stop and that is when they went at it.”

“Did they show everything?”

“Yes, they showed everything. They both did oral on each other and then had sex,” Jack said. Jack and Sally never did oral sex. Jack would have liked it but felt it was not proper for his wife to suck a dick. However, he was now wishing that she would get the idea. The idea of her on her knees licking his dick was beyond his imagination.

Sally was wondering what was going through Jack’s mind but she could see from the bulge in his pants that he was getting turned talking about this. Also, it had been quite sometime since they had sex and even then the sex was not all that exciting.

“Did you like watching her suck him?” Sally unexpectly asked.

Jack was shocked to hear her ask such a question but also pleased to hear her talk like this. “Yes, I liked it a lot.”

“Was she naked when she did it?”

“Yes, she was naked and did a little dance for him showing him all of her body.”

“Would you like me to dance for you Jack? Dance and take off my clothes. Would you Jack?”

Jack could not believe what he was hearing. However, he was now very into what was happening and felt his dick grow harder than it had been in years.  Jack could not believe it when he heard himself say, “Yes, Sally I would love to have you dance naked for me.”

Sally was sitting on the sofa across from Jack as they talked. Sally got up and pulled her sweatshirt off. She was not wearing bra and her breasts perked up as she stood. 

“Do you like my breasts Jack?” Sally asked.

“Yes I like them a lot,” Jack replied watching his wife standing there rubbing her own breasts.

“Would you like to suck my titties Jack?” Sally teased.

“Yeah those titties have nice hard nipples just like I like,” Jack said now getting into the program. “Take off those pants,” Jack commanded feeling strange giving his wife such orders. He could not believe they were acting like this but he was now very excited by his wife’s dirty dancing.

Sally followed Jack’s orders.  She pulled off her jeans and as she did so her panties came off revealing the tiny bush that Sally kept trimmed. 

Jack and Sally’s sex life had never been very exciting. In all their years of marriage Jack had never really looked at Sally’s naked body. When they had sex it was always in bed mostly in the dark. Now Sally was standing before him and full light totally nude inviting him to look at every part of her body. When she turned around and bent over Jack almost came in his pants. He did not know what had gotten into Sally but he liked it. In all their years of marriage he had never had a view of Sally’s butt and pussy like this. It was heaven and he was totally beyond turned on.

“I want you to be happy Jack,” Sally said and came over and sat in his lap. She presented her breast to him and he eagerly suckled her nipple biting it rather hard. 

“Mmmmm,” Sally moaned. She was again feeling that tremendous itch between her legs. This time it was okay because it was with her husband. This is the way it was supposed to be and she felt very good. She wanted to please him.

Sally climbed off the chair and kneeled before him in the recliner. She zipped down his pants and pulled out his very erect cock. 

“I don’t how long I can wait,” Jack said feeling more turned on than he had in a lot of years, maybe ever.

“That’s okay Jack. I want you to feel good.” With that Sally bent down and began to suck Jack’s dick. She looked up at him and said, “I love the taste of your big cock.”

Jack could not wait any longer. He cum gushed out into Sally’s mouth and yet she continued to suck and milk all the cum out of his balls. Jack had never had such an experience but he knew he wanted to have it again.

When Jack began to cum Sally began to rub her wet clit and as the cum flowed down her throat she also began to experience a violent orgasm. 

As Jack finished he could see his sweet conservative wife still sucking on his dick while masturbating herself into ecstasy. Jack thought to himself, “I don’t know what has gotten into Sally but I like it.”

Jack and Sally slept very well that night. In the morning Jack felt a bit guilty. His conservative upbringing did not approve of such sexual experimentation but what went on in a married couple’s bedroom was mostly something one kept very private. Jack realized that he had the best sex in his life the previous night. What was really nice was the sex was with his wife and there was always more to come. It had been a very long time since he was given a blowjob, not since he was in college.  But now he remembered how much he liked it. Also, the sight of his beautiful wife sitting in front of him with her mouth on his cock and her hand rubbing her own pussy was something he definitely wanted to see again.

Sally was preparing breakfast as Jack walked into the kitchen. She was dressed in her normal conservative nightgown and again looked like the typical Baptist housewife.

“Morning Sally,” Jack said.

“Good morning Jack, did you sleep well?” she replied.

“Oh yeah, I slept great, better than I have in a long time,” Jack said and gave long sigh hoping the message would not be lost.

“Jack I hope you don’t think less of me,” Sally said.

“Why would I think less of you?”

“I mean after last night and what I did.”

“Sally, you and I are married. We were only doing what is normal for married people to do,” Jack explained.

“I know but the way we did it,” Sally said standing with her back turned to Jack.

“Sally, I really liked what we did last night and I want it to continue,” Jack said.

Sally suddenly felt Jack’s hand grabbing her buttocks. 

“You really liked it,” Sally said as she felt Jack’s hands moving around her.

“You bet I did and I think you liked it a lot too. Didn’t you Sally?” Jack said as his finger reached up and under Sally’s robe. He was surprised but pleased to find Sally had no panties and his hands felt her already moistening pussy.

“Oh Jack, what are you doing?” Sally acted shocked but she was already turned on by Jack’s aggressiveness.

“I love the feel of your wet pussy,” Jack answered surprising himself that he would use such language directed at his wife.

“Oh Jack, your hand feels good on my pussy,” Sally whispered.

Jack could not believe his wife’s language but it was a real turn on. As Jack stood behind Sally with one hand she rubbed her pussy and with the other he raised her gown to reveal her pretty white ass. Jack quickly pulled his now hard cock out of his shorts and it was an easy trip to find her tight but very wet pussy.

“My God Jack, What are you doing?” Sally gasped as she felt his cock enter into her pussy from behind. They had never had sex other than in the bedroom and never in such a lewd position.

“I am going to fuck your sweet pussy till you scream. That is what I’m doing,” Jack said as he thrust forward pushing his dick deep inside Sally’s pussy.

“Oh Jack you shouldn’t do this, not in the kitchen.” As Jack’s dick continued to pound into her pussy Sally suddenly changed her tune. “Oh fuck me Jack, fuck me hard,” Sally screamed as her pussy began to catch fire.  Sally began to gyrate her hips helping Jack thrust his cock in and out of her pussy.

It did not take long before Sally felt the now familiar rush of an approaching orgasm.

“Oh my God, I am cummmminnnnng!” Sally screamed as the bacon burned on the stove. Sally did not care that the breakfast was burning. She only cared about the feeling of Jack’s cock buried deep inside her.

This was too much for Jack. Sally could feel his cockhead swell and he began to shoot load after load of cum inside Sally. Sally loved it. They both had a fantastic orgasm and both knew that their relationship had taken a major turn. A turn that was very good.

“Damn,” Jack said as he sat down in the kitchen chair and looked at his wife Sally. Sally was leaning over the kitchen sink with her robe pulled up almost over her head.  Jack was looking directly at Sally’s ass and pussy. He could her wet pussy with some of his major cum load leaking out onto the kitchen floor. 

They cleaned up and as Jack left for work he gave Sally a long kiss. Jack went to work a happy guy. Sally began to do some housework and she also felt very serene. At least for now there were no problems in her life.

Too bad for Sally her pleasures were very much entangled in her conflicts and these would present problems for her. As she cleaned the kitchen though, her future was far from her mind.