 My name is Falguni, a Bombay girl married just over a year ago. My husband had a small business and his single-minded dream was to expand to a huge departmental store. He had applied for loans to various institutions for the purpose. One day he came home and he told me that he had got a call from the Manager of a Private Company and that he was to meet him on Monday morning at 10:00 AM with all documents completed. It was the most exciting moment for. My husband was supposed to go to Surat to drop my in laws on Friday and was to be back in town by Sunday night for his appointment. 

On the next day I received a call from Mr.Parag, the manager of the finance company, who wanted my husband to come over immediately to finalize his loan. I told him he was out of station and he said it was okay if I would come over and sign the necessary documents. I told him I didn’t know a single thing about the documentation but he said it was all right as I just had to sign on the dotted line. So I hurriedly got dressed, putting on a pink Salwar Kameez, and reached the address he had given me on telephone.

After about 5 minutes a peon came and told me to enter the cabin. Raj was sitting all alone.  I smiled at the loan officer as I sat down in his office. "I don't understand why you asked me here Mr.Raj. My husband handles the business. He spoke to you about the loan he needs. I don't see how I can help." He was hot for me. I could tell that by the way his eyes locked over my body.  

"I asked you to come here this morning Falguni because I WANT YOU TO SUCK MY COCK," he said straight-faced.

"OH NO!!" I exclaimed and got up to leave. "Fuck you! You son of a bitch! You're an asshole!" 

"See my dear, if you leave now, and don't blow me, I'll deny your husband the loan he needs. He'll be out of business in a week. Now sit down." 

I glared at that banker, and then sat back down. "I'll never do it! I'll tell your boss! You're crazy if you think I'm going to suck your cock!!" I glared at him with hate in my eyes. 

"Oh! You'll do a lot more then suck my cock. That's just to start with. Over the course of the loan, six months I believe, I'll have you wherever and whenever I want. If you refuse at anytime, I'll call the loan. As for telling my boss, he won't believe you. This loan is iffy. I think your husband will do O.K. with it, but its close. Prudent banking would deny the loan. My boss will understand that. Then I'll sue your little ass off for defamation of character. I'll own you! SO FALGUNI DARLING, YOU LITTLE CUNT, GET OVER HERE, STOP TALKING AND START SUCKING!" He laughed. 

I was stunned. He had it all figured out. I wanted so much to get out of there, but I wanted my husband to get that loan, as he needed the money to make his dream come true. I sat there thinking and thinking. As my predicament sunk into me I whimpered. "If, I suck your cock now, will you give Parag the loan?" 

"Yes. NOW LOCK THE DOOR AND GET OVER HERE AND SUCK ME OFF!" 

I sat there with shock in my eyes. Slowly, I realized that I had no choice. I was going to do it and I had to do this for my husband whom I loved. Reluctantly I got up, locked the door and turned to face him. He was smiling triumphantly. As I slowly walked towards him he said, "Take your Kameez off". I grimaced. I despised him and what I was about to do to me. Slowly, I unbuttoned my Kameez, glaring at the banker with unconcealed hatred. As the buttons became undone, I held my Kameez closed, hoping against hope for some escape from the lecherous man before me. 

"Quit stalling Falguni, or I won't fuck you, I'll fuck your husband!" Raj sneered. 

Resigned to the inevitable, I silently slipped my Kameez from my shoulders. I stood before the banker in my sexy, lacy, skimpy white brassiere, my large firm breasts barely concealed by the flimsy garment. My tits pushed against my brassiere, seeming to be trying to break free. 

"Get over here!" He ordered. My heart was beating rapidly as I approached Raj. As I came behind his desk, Raj slid his chair back away from his desk. His pants were undone and his cock and balls were exposed. His cock was long, thick and rock hard. He smiled up at me with contempt. "GET DOWN ON YOUR KNEES IN FRONT OF ME AND SUCK MY PRICK. SUCK IT GOOD AND YOUR HUSBAND GETS HIS LOAN. SUCK IT BAD AND YOU'RE BANKRUPT." 

I looked down at the hard prick. Slowly I sank to my knees before him. Raj put a hand on one of my bra-encased tits and I involuntarily backed away as no one other than my husband had ever touched me there. 

"NO NO NO!" Raj laughed, "NO TITTIES, NO LOANIE!" 

Almost crying, I moved back to him. Raj put his hand back on my breast. He squeezed it hard, feeling my nipples come erect. He slipped his hand inside the bra, touching my bare tit flesh. First, his palm pressed against my enlarged nipple. Then, he tweaked it between his thumb and forefinger. He kneaded my soft tit flesh as I kneeled before him like an obedient slave. Raj pushed the skimpy brassiere cup aside, exposing my milky white breasts to his naked lust. He squeezed and pinched at will, laughing gleefully at the power he held over me. As he moved over to my other tit, I started to cry. Raj chuckled as he continued to feel me up. Then he said, "AHHHH POOR LITTLE BABY GIRL. FALGUNI NEEDS A PACIFIER, SOMETHING TO SUCK ON. COME HERE BABY, SUCK ON THIS!" He moved his hand to the back of my head and pushed it down towards his rampant cock. 

"PLEASE NOOO!" I pleaded as his cockhead touched my lips, "PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME DO THIS!" 

"SHUT UP KID AND START SUCKING! Do it now or your husband's store is history!" The banker laughed. Still crying, I reached up and took his cock in my hands and began stroking it. I ran my fingers up and down his hard shaft. I thought that if I stroked it enough, he'd cum before I had to suck him off. I moved my hands to his balls and gently caressed them. "QUIT STALLING AND SUCK MY COCK!" Raj commanded. Ashamed but knowing I had no choice, I moved my face to his cockhead. 

My heart was beating rapidly as my silky tongue tentatively emerged from between my soft lips. Then, ever so slowly, my tongue touched the underside of his cock. I tasted that banker's prick. Unsure of myself, I licked cautiously at his hard shaft, then, my lips caressed his prick. I licked his cock from his cockhead to its root and back to his cockhead. Still sobbing, I opened my mouth wide, moved my lips to his cockhead and sucked the banker's cockmeat into my warm, watery mouth. 

My lips closed around the thick cock. I could feel that prick begin to enlarge as my tongue moved along its hard length. I moved my head back and forth sucking as much of it into my throat as possible. His mushroom shaped cockhead grew larger and more resilient with each passing second. The rhythmic sucking and milking of my velvety mouth made Raj’s prick continue to enlarge. He was moving his hips back and forth as my cock sucking mouth drove him beyond the limits of his perverted lust. It had been long since I had stopped crying. "OH YEAH FALGUNI DARLING," Raj panted, "SUCK ON THAT COCK." 

When I had started to blow him, Raj had taken his hand away from my breast. Now, as I continued to suck his cock, he slid his hand back onto my titties and his fingers began tracing tiny circles on my tit flesh, rubbing and kneading the hard knobs of my nipples. I sucked harder, driven by his hands on my flesh, pursing my lips tightly around his thick cock. He was groaning as I continued to stroke the base of his prick and suck on his cockhead. 

I licked and kissed the underside from the base of his cock to its head. When my lips returned to his cockhead, there were drops of pre-cum oozing out. I licked around his piss hole, scooping his pre-cum into my mouth and swallowing it. I licked it between his foreskin and his cockhead, and then sucked his cockhead into my mouth once again. The cock-sucking act I was performing on the man was affecting me. Although I tried to rationalize that this was not really sex, my nipples were hard and erect. I felt my pussy quivering and throbbing, discharging hot cunt juices into my panties. I was really getting into it, and now wanted desperately to please the banker. I wanted to taste his cum. 

Raj was looking down on me, watching his cock slide in and out of my mouth. He watched my head bobbing back and forth as my lips held his cockshaft tightly and my tongue flicked madly at the sensitive underside of his prick. He knew I was getting into it.  When my lips next neared the root, Rajs panted, "SUCK MY BALLS!" and I complied. Still jerking his cockshaft with my hand I moved my mouth over to his cum filled balls and licked at his scrotum sack. Then I sucked one of his balls into my mouth along with his curly pubic hair. His prick tasted of raw sex. My tongue and lips worked to devour his one cum filled ball, then switched to the other. When I thought I had sucked on his balls enough, I kissed and licked each one gently before returning my mouth to his cockhead. 

Raj looked down at me and watched his cock sliding in and out of my mouth. As he felt up my tit, he was moaning and moving his hips, trying to push more of his cock into my mouth. Once things got going the way he wanted, he grabbed my head with both hands and started fucking my mouth with long hard strokes. As his cock passed back and forth between my lips, my tongue flicked at its underside. Raj began fucking into my mouth faster and faster. With each stroke he pushed more of his cockmeat down my throat. Soon Raj had his entire 10-inch cock down my mouth, its bulbous knob pushing at the back of my throat and my nose buried in his pubic hair. 

He fucked my mouth for a long time, driving his cock deep into my throat. My hands were now holding his ass cheeks for dear life, my mouth filled completely with the cockmeat. My tongue licked and flicked along the underside of his cock as he reamed it in and out. Then, grabbing my head by my long hair, he roughly moved my head back and forth along the length of his cock, ramming hard into my hungry mouth. 

"ITS TIME TO DRINK MY CUM FALU DARLING!" Raj panted as he felt his balls swell in anticipation of bursting forth with a heavy load of sticky white cum. I sucked harder. I knew it was now beyond his control and that it would all be over in a few seconds. Only a few seconds more... just as my lovely young lips tightly pursed around his aching cock, sucking voraciously, trying to milk his cum from him. His body straining to hold back the inevitable. A gasp broke from his parched throat. 

"NOW FALU, NOW!!" He screamed. His hands grabbed my head and he shoved down hard onto his jerking cock. His prick exploded in my mouth, sending jets of boiling hot cum down my throat, filling my mouth to the brim with his sperm until it could hold no more and I was forced to swallow it down. I sucked greedily, trying to squeeze every last drop of the precious fluid from his cock. His hot gooey cum tasted like heaven to me. I tried to swallow it all, but there was so much of it that some leaked through my lips, dribbling down my chin onto the floor. Just as I thought that it had ended, Raj pulled his cock out of my mouth and shot the last of his cum all over my face. I watched as his cock jerked about wildly, ejaculating its load on my face. It was all over my face, stringing my hair, dripping down my face as if I had taken a bath in it.

"YOU'RE A PRETTY GOOD COCK-SUCKER FALGUNI." Raj observed as he shook off the last drops of cum from his softening cock and put it back in his pants. I remained on my knees before him, stunned by what I had just done. "Now, get up here and sit in my lap!" He laughed. Not knowing why he wanted me too, I got up and obeyed. Raj reached over and picked up a stamp and gave it to me. He pointed to a spot on my husband's loan application. "Here!" He instructed. I stamped the page, "APPROVED". "There, wasn't it worth it?" Raj laughed. Revolted by what he had made me do, I just nodded. Raj laughed again and took the stamp from me. He inked it up, then, holding each of my breasts, stamped them "APPROVED". 

"Now get dressed and get out of here. I'll call your husband tomorrow and tell him the good news. I think you should throw a party on Saturday night to celebrate. I'll fuck you then. Dress sexy, especially under your clothes. Understand?" I nodded once again. In a daze, I slipped off his lap, repositioned my breasts in my brassiere, found my kameez and put it on. "May I fix my make-up?" I asked softly. It was Raj's turn to nod. He watched as I wiped off the traces of his cum with a tissue and touched on the make-up. 

My husband got the loan he needed and as per instructions we threw a weekend party to celebrate. Our small house was crowded and Raj was conspicuously absent until I almost convinced myself that he was not going to show up.

An hour into the party, I saw him, standing with his wife talking to a prominent local businessman. Raj eyed me, and beckoned me over. I obeyed. "Hello Mrs.Parikh!" He smiled. "Do you know my wife Pooja?" I shook my head and Raj made the introductions. As the conversation petered out after several minutes, Raj took me aside and said, "UPSTAIRS HALLWAY IN 15 MINUTES. NO BULLSHIT!!" I just nodded. I didn't want to do it, but was afraid of his power over my husband's business. 

I was upstairs when I was supposed to be. I waited several minutes before Raj came up. "Where's the bathroom?" He asked. I pointed to it and he pushed me inside, locking the door. "My, you look pretty!" He laughed gazing at my young firm body clad in a short party dress, "dressed up for me?" I hated him but nodded "yes". "Good! And your undies?" He asked lifting the front of my dress. I had on stockings and sheer bikini panties. "Good, you do as you are told!" He laughed. "Now take off your panties!" I was shocked. "Just do it!" Raj commanded. I obeyed; lifting my dress I put my hands underneath and pushed them down.

He put his hands on my waist, lifted me and made me sit on the sink. He sat down on the toilet. "I WANT TO TASTE YOU!" I was shocked. I enjoyed being eaten, but not by this hateful man? "Lift up your dress!" I obeyed once again. Raj turned to me, parted my shapely legs and stared at my naked cunt. It was beautiful, covered with soft downy hair, its moist pink line barely visible through the bush.

He took a deep breath of my cunt odor, savoring its smell. Then he extended his tongue and took his first taste of my luscious cunt. The flat of his tongue swept between my widespread cunt lips and brought an involuntary gasp from my throat. Almost against my will, my hand moved behind my head and I tilted myself down so I could watch him working. His mouth glued itself to my pussy lips and sucked hard. He was letting his tongue curl deep into my moist cuntal passage and then twitch as my interior muscles closed around it. He worked it round and round, seeking the tip of my clit and teasing it expertly with his teeth. Raj lapped like a crazed man at my cunt as I moaned and squirmed on the sink. He tongue fucked me hard and deep. He was loving the way my silky thighs clenched around his face. 

"NOOOOOO…. PLEAAASE…. DON'T….. PLEASE STOP" I sobbed. But we both knew I didn't mean it. Even if I did, Raj didn't care. By now I was flailing my hips wildly as he continued to chew my throbbing cunt. The tormenting wet licking kept for what seemed like an eternity. Everything seemed to fade away and all I could hear was the lewd slurping sounds of his tongue and the wild pounding of my heart. 

Then it started, almost imperceptibly at first. "OH NO!! THIS CAN'T BE!!" I screamed to myself. I had begun to feel them... little wisps of forbidden pleasure beginning to swirl around inside the depths of my hot, throbbing pussy. I was beginning to enjoy this lascivious licking by this man. I couldn't believe the change that had come over my body. I tried to suppress my pleasure, but I couldn't stop myself from crying out as Raj once again took the rigid little bud of my clit between his teeth and began to titillate it with his tongue. 

"OH NO! OH NOOO! OH NOOOOOOOOO!" I gasped, arching my back off the sink and forcing my pussy against Raj’s diligently working tongue. My whole body seemed to be on fire now. I didn't care who was doing it to me. I just wanted to cum! Raj pressed his face deeper into the steamy morass of my cunt. He began to jab his tongue at the contracting circle of my quivering orifice, feeling the sucking motions of my pussy walls as they tried to pull more of him into their heated depths.

Suddenly, he stiffened his tongue and rammed it as deep as it would go into the hot pulsating passage between my wildly thrashing legs. "AAAAGGGHHHH! AAAAGGGHHH! OH...! OHHHH!!!" I moaned. I was nearly insane from the expert tongue fucking. My cunt walls clung to his darting tongue and my ass quivered and shook with the vibrations that spasmed through my body. "OH YEAH!!! YESSS!! YESSSSS!!! Do it to me! Lick my pussy!! Make me cum! Just a little more and I'll make it! PLEEAAASE!!!!!!" I heard my words but couldn't believe I was saying them. Every nerve in my body was poised for that bittersweet agony of completion. Almost there….I felt his tongue move deeper into my cunt one more time… 

"OHHH! I'M CUMMING!!! I'M CUMMINGGG!!!!" I screamed mindlessly as my hips began to grind against Raj’s face. My cunt walls squeezed greedily on his thrusting tongue. My hands dropped to entwine themselves in his hair, forcing his head further between my lewdly spread legs. Never before had I experienced such wildly exciting raptures. 

Finally, Raj was finished. His tongue stopped licking and he slowly pulled his head back, staring at my hot swollen cunt lips. As the tremors in my satiated body began to subside, the pleasure he had just given me made me ashamed of myself. Trying to catch my breath, I sat there, my dress bunched around my waist, awaiting his next move. I wanted him to fuck me then and there, and we both knew it. My desire was writ large all over my face.

Raj got up. "Clean yourself up, then go downstairs and mingle with your guests. Be back here in ten minutes." Raj laughed. Frustrated, I slipped off the sink, my dress falling down to cover my slopping wet pussy. I didn't say a word as I picked up a towel to clean up the best as I could under the circumstances. 

I was back in exactly ten minutes. "WHERE'S YOUR BEDROOM?" He asked and followed me as I showed him the way. We went inside. "Lay down on the bed!" When I obeyed, he said, Lift your dress!" Again I obeyed, exposing my naked cunt to his lecherous eyes. NOW SPREAD YOUR LEGS WIDE!" I began to sob softly as I submitted to the man. I knew he was going to fuck me and I couldn't stop him from doing it. He gazed down at my quivering cunt, stark naked apart from the little cover offered by my thick bush of pubic hairs. It was still all red and swollen from the tongue-lashing he had given me minutes ago. 

"MY TURN NOW!" He laughed, undoing his pants and exposing that rock hard cock.  The next minute he was on top of me, using his knees to push my legs apart and planting himself firmly between them. "PUT IT IN!" He commanded. 

"DON'T ….. PLEASE DON'T ….. PLEAAASE!!" I started to cry. 

"SHUT UP YOU BITCH. SHUT UP AND START FUCKING …… YOU ARE MADE TO BE FUCKED AND I AM GOING TO DO JUST THAT." My pleadings fell on deaf ears. I knew that I could not afford to antagonize him so I reached down and grasped his cock, guiding it to red hot twat. Raj felt the tickle of my pussy hair on his cockhead and pushed forward into the creamy folds of my luscious cunt. He laughed as his swollen cockhead speared forward my cunt. 

"GOOOOODDDD! NO!! NO!! PLEASE NOOOOO!!!!" I cried as I felt the harsh pressure of his member against my cunt lips. There was no way I could resist him now. As I continued to cry no, my legs spread further apart to receive more of Raj’s cockmeat into my steamy hot pussy. Slowly he pushed further and further into me, my little pussy expanding to its limit to accommodate that monster cock. 
