 Sally was completely spent when she managed to climb into her bed early Saturday morning. She awakened late the next morning with many mixed emotions over what had transpired the previous night. She could still smell the sex on her. Sally had never in her wildest imagination considered participating in an orgy, not the conservative Baptist woman. Now, not only was she was a very willing participant, she was the main attraction and she hated to admit how much she enjoyed it. She had never felt anything near the rush she had felt as she reached her final climax of her multiple orgasms. Sally did not know what she should feel.

Sally climbed out of bed and went to the shower. As she felt the hot water caress her body she could not believe that she still had sexual desire. Sally pulled the removal shower head down and as she used the water to massage her body she slowly moved the spray down to between her legs. It seemed her pussy was never getting enough stimulation. As the water gushed between her legs, caressing her clitoris, and even some flowing up in her, Sally felt another orgasm building.

Sally slow sank to the floor as a very quiet orgasm shuttered through her. It was as if it was an after shock of the previous night.

“Mmmmm,” she said as the small eruptions moved her body against the water.

“Ahhhhhhh,” she whispered as the last wave of the small orgasm left her body.

“What am I becoming?” Sally wondered as she dried herself off and looked at her body in the mirror. 

“Jack will be home tomorrow and I will just relax until then,” she thought to herself not wanting to think about things but being unable to stop thinking. Sally wanted to blame Josh for everything that had happened to her but knew that she had been the willing recipient of all his abuse. She liked it. She knew if she never called Josh again, he would never bother her. He had told her this much and had kept his word. It was only when she contacted him and begged him to abuse her that he would. Even then she knew she could always choose to quit and he would let her. It was just she never made that choice.

Saturday progressed and Sally was beginning to feel rested but still troubled. She had washed all her clothes from the previous night and was sitting on her bed folding them. She had a special place in the closet to hide them from Jack. She did not want to have to explain them to him. Although she wondered if they turned Josh on so much she guessed Jack would like them too.

Sally decided she would go for a drive to just get away from things for a while. She put on skirt and a blouse and got into Jack’s old Mustang convertible. She put the windows down and let her hair blow in the wind. Sally drove for a while and found herself on the highway. There was little traffic and Sally was enjoying herself. She was driving in the right lane and was passing a large truck. She got beside the truck and could see the driver. He was looking at her and smiled. She smiled back and suddenly felt that tingle.

“Oh no, what am I thinking?” Sally said to herself but knew it was too late.

Sally and the truck were the only vehicles in sight on the hilly road. Sally continued to drive next to the truck and began to let her dress slowly slip up her long legs. She noticed that the truck driver was noticing.

Soon Sally had pulled her dress up to the point that the truck driver could see her white panties. Sally then proceeded to unbutton her blouse. She was wearing an old bra that was kind of loose and worn. This gave the driver even more of a view. Sally looked up at the guy and he had a large grin on his face. At this Sally allowed her right breast to slip out of the loose bra giving him an unobtrusive view of her breast.

Just as she pulled out her boob she noticed them coming up on traffic and this brought her back to the reality. 

“I can’t believe I did this,” Sally said and quickly put her tit back in its bra and buttoned her blouse. She pulled down her dress and got off at the next exit. As she got off the truck passed her and honked his horn in appreciation and her little show.

Sally returned home and had a good night sleep. She was looking forward to her husband’s return in the morning and a return to normalcy or at least their normalcy.

The next morning she awoke early. When she heard Jack drive up the driveway she ran out to welcome him home.

“Jack, I am so glad you are home,” Sally said with a grin. 

“I am glad to be home,” Jack replied giving his wife a big hug.

After they had breakfast they sat in their patio and had their coffee. They were just chatting when Sally suddenly asked, “So did you watch anymore porno?” 

“Well now that you mentioned it, yes I did. I saw several, one of them was about some college girls that like to be exhibitionist and let guys see them. It was pretty hot,” Jack explained.

“You’d better watch it, looking at all those young girls. You better not get tired of me,” Sally responded half joking and half serious.

“You don’t ever have to worry about that. You are the one for me. But I have to admit I like looking at all those young bodies.”

“Yeah, there are some cute sexy girls out there and guys I might add,” Sally said. “Yeah some of the guys make me feel pretty little if you know what I mean,” Jack said and laughed.

“I like this one just fine.” Sally reached over and grabbed Jack’s cock through his thin shorts. His cock began to respond almost at once.

“Yeah, I like the way that feels.” He hesitated and then added, “Mommy.”  Jack liked their new Mommy game.

“What else did you see on those nasty videos Jackie boy?” Sally asked.

“I saw two girls playing with each other. They were putting dildos in each other’s pussy. I saw guys fucking girls in all kinds of positions and some fucking them in the ass. There was even one that had two guys sucking each other,” Jack explained.

“What did you think of that Jack?” Sally asked wondering about his reaction to homosexual men.

“I don’t know about that Mommy,” Jack replied rather cryptically.

“What do you mean you don’t know? Have you ever sucked a cock little Jack?” Sally could not believe she was asking this.

“Have you ever eaten another woman’s pussy Mommy?” Jack responded.

“I guess that is fair trade,” Sally answered. “A few times in college I drank a little too much and I did do some things with my roommate. Ok, your turn to tell the truth.”

“When I was in high school I became friends with an older guy. I had not really had much experience with girls and stuff. A few times he and I got together and watched some porno tapes and kind of did a few things,” Jack responded.

“I guess we are both learning things about each other,” Sally laughed.

Sally had not taken her hand off Jack’s cock and it was now poking out through the thin material. Their patio was somewhat secluded and private so they were not very concerned about anyone seeing them.

Sally reached down and unzipped Jack’s shorts and his dick sprang free.

“There there you nice cock. You needed a bit of freedom,” Sally said.

“Thank you Mommy, that feels real good. Show me your titties Mommy,” Jack said in his best little boy voice.

Sally reached down and opened her blouse. She was still wearing the old bra and allowed her right breast to plop out. Sally was now sitting with one breast revealed. “Do you like that Jackie boy?”

“Yes mama, I like that a lot.”

Sally reached down and before Jack knew it she roped his ball with her cord. This was also part of their new sex game; Mommy has Jack by the balls.

“I’ve got you good Jackie boy.”

“Yes Mommy, you have me real good,” Jack answered with a grin.

Sally still sitting with her right breast hanging out said, “Come here little boy I have something I want you to do.” As she said this she turned in her seat and pulled down the jogging shorts she was wearing. 

“Come over here and eat this for desert.” Sally sat there with her legs spread and she pulled her pussy lips apart. She then tugged on the line and Jack went down on his knees and began lapping her cunt.

“It tastes so good Mommy,” Jack gasped as his tongue massaged her clit.

“Oh yes Jack, Oh you are such a good boy, eat my pussy and then I will let you fuck it,” Sally cried as she felt his tongue go deep inside her pussy.

After a few minutes on intense pussy eating Sally tugged on the cord giving Jack a signal something else was happening. Jack’s balls were very sensitive to the string so it was easy to get his attention.

Jack back off and Sally slid out of the chair. She got on her knees and raised her ass in the air inviting Jack to fuck her. As Jack got ready to mount her Sally brought the ball string up over Jack. The string went from his balls, up the crack of his ass, over his shoulder, to over her shoulder. This allowed Sally to pull his balls backward as Jack fucked her.

Jack had a bit of surprise for Sally. He first slid his cock into her wet pussy to moisten and lubricate his dick. He then pulled it out and with a quick thrust he slipped it through her asshole and began fucking her in the ass.

“Oh my God,” Sally gasped as she felt Jack’s dick in her butt hole.

“What are you do, you nasty little boy?” Sally said. Sally’s asshole was a virgin and she had never experiences an ass fucking. She found she liked it. It was a unique feeling that made her clit swell with pleasure. Sally reached under herself and began to flick her clitoris while Jack pumped away as her asshole.

Jack was very much enjoyed the tight orifice and he also loved the feelings of his balls being pulled behind him each time he thrust deep into his wife’s bowls.

“Oh Mommy you feel so good. I am going to give you a big present,” Jack said as he felt his dick begin to swell.

“Mommy loves you fucking her in the ass. I am going to cum you little bastard so fuck me hard,” Sally grunted and pulled the string a little tighter.

This was too much for Jack and he began to empty his load deep into his wife’s ass.

“Oh yessssss,” Jack cried.

“Oh yesssss,” Sally cried and they both reached their orgasm.

Jack finished depositing his load and climbed off Sally. He pulled his dick out with a plop sound.

“You are not through yet,” Sally said.

“What do you mean?” Jack asked.

“You fucked me in the wrong hole so now you have to clean me up. Lick your cum off my asshole,” Sally ordered.

Jack did not know whether he liked the idea of eating his own cum but he knew he liked fucking his wife’s ass. If this is what it took to get that he would do just about anything. Jack bent over and began to lick up rather large globs of his own cum as he oozed out of Sally’s asshole. Jack remembered the taste of cum and found he was enjoying eating his wife’s asshole filled with his own cum. 

Sally had never had her asshole licked and she found that she liked it. It was a real turn on having her husband down on his knees eating her ass out. Sally hand slipped back down to minister to her pussy. 

Jack felt Sally’s hand rubbing her pussy so he helped.  As he stuck his finger up her pussy hole Sally began to cum again.

“Oh Jack, suck my ass, suck my ass!” Sally cried.

Jack literally began to suck Sally’s ass and even more of his cum began to flow out of her asshole. Jack was careful to lap up every drop.

“Oh Jack that was great!” Sally exclaimed as she collapsed on the patio floor with Jack at her side. She gave him a long wet kissed and enjoyed the taste of the mixture of his cum and her asshole.

Jack and Sally spent a leisurely Sunday. They watched a little TV and had a nice supper. As they were getting ready for bed Jack noticed a Church bulletin lying on the table. 

“Next Sunday we need to go back to Church. We have not been in a couple of weeks,” Jack said.

“Yes you are right, we need to go back and see Reverend Johnson. He always gives a good sermon,” Sally replied.

The next week went mostly uneventful. It was on Tuesday night that Jack and Sally were talking. They had been watching a Wild On show on E when Jack asked, “Do you ever think you would flash someone like those girls are doing?”

“Oh I don’t know if I could do that or not,” Sally said thinking of her last adventure with Josh.

“It is kind of sexy to see them do that, don’t you think so?”

“Yeah, it is kind of sexy to think some other guys would like to look at my body,” Sally said getting a little bolder.

“I wonder if you would be interested in us going and shopping for some trashy like clothes for you?” Jack continued.

“What did you have in mind?” 

“Oh I don’t know. Maybe something too small.  Something that shows a little too much of your body. Something kind of tacky. What do you think?” Jack asked.

“I think it would be fun. We could at least go shopping and see what we find.”

“Okay, it is settled. On Saturday we will go shopping and just see what we find.

On Saturday they drove a few hours to another town where they were not likely to run into anyone they knew. They went to a few stores before they came to a large flea market type place.

“Let’s see what we find here,” Jack said.

“Okay, I think they have some old clothes and if nothing else it will be cheap,” Sally answered.

They walked around for a while and found mostly junk. But then they entered a small building that was nothing but older clothes. 

“Look here Jack,” Sally said as she picked up a very short skirt. 

“Yeah that looks like what we want,” he said. He walked over and found a large assortment of old blouses that were see through. He picked out three or four and showed them to Sally.

“Okay let’s get those,” she replied. She also found some pants that had a zipper that went from the button all the way to the crotch and then back up the ass. 

“Gee, you could totally expose yourself in that outfit,” Jack laughed.

“Look at these,” Sally said as she picked up some bra that had openings for the nipples to stick out. 

“Okay that ought to be enough,” Jack said.

“That will be $45.00,” the clerk said as they checked out. “You guys seem to like to play. If you want a really good selection of such stuff at a reasonable price go down to Bill’s Adult Store. It is about 3 miles down the highway. He has all kinds of things.”

“Okay we might give him a visit,” Jack said noticing that the man was really giving Sally the once over.

“That guy was looking you over good,” Jack told Sally as they walked to the car.

“Yeah I know. I liked having him look at me like that. Am I a bad person for that?” Sally asked.

“No, if you are then I am. I liked watching him look at you. I had to look at something else because I was getting a hard on,” Jack replied.

Bill’s Adult Toys was just down the road. It was in an older building. It had a wide assortment of lots of different things ranging from videos to dildos. As they entered Jack walked over to display of vibrator and Sally went to look at the videos.

“This looks interesting,” Jack said. He picked up and butterfly device that had a wireless remote control. “I wonder if this work.”

“You bet it works,” Bill said having overheard Jack’s comments. “You stick that on you wife and you can drive her wild at anytime. She will do anything for you.”

“$150 is a bit much for a vibrator,” Jack responded.

“Not for that vibrator,” Bill said.

Sally walked up to see what the guys were discussing.

“Bill says this is a very special device that could drive you crazy,” Jack told Sally.

“Let me look at it,” Sally said and took the small vibrator. It was shaped somewhat like a butterfly with two dicks; both about two inches long but of different diameters. It had three Velcro straps to wrap around the body and hold it in place.

“Why don’t you give it a try?” Bill offered.

“Oh I don’t know about that.” Jack laughed but looked at Sally.

“It totally cleans and after use it can be submerged in alcohol to kill any germs or disease,” Bill added. “The lady can go in the dressing room and put it on and you can see how comfortable it is to wear. It is easy to put on. You place it right over your pussy with this on your clit.” He pointed to a little suction device. “This goes into your pussy and this goes into your asshole,” he explained as he pointed to the two protrusions. “Take this little pump and pump them as large as you want,” he said and handed her a little bulb with a tube on it. He showed her where the tube fit into the device.

“What do you think Sally?” Jack asked and winked at Sally

“I have never seen such a thing but I guess I could give it a try,” Sally said.

“The dressing room is right over there. When you finish put your clothes back on and come back in here. You will not be able to tell you are wearing anything special,” Bill said with a big smile.

“Ok,” Sally said. She smiled at Jack and disappeared in the dressing room. It took a few minutes to strap on properly but Sally had no real problems. The little suction device fit snugly over her clitoris. Sally placed both little dicks and their respective holes. She attached the pump on the one is her pussy and gave it a pump.

“My!” she exclaimed to herself as the little dick swelled inside her. 

“I think I might like this.” Sally pumped it a little more for a tight fit and then pumped the one in her ass. She then dressed.

“It feels kind of funny. Do you turn it on or something?” Sally asked standing looking at herself in the mirror. She could detect nothing unusual in her appearance.

“This is what makes it worth $150.00,” Bill said and produced a small device that looked something like a TV remote control.

Bill looked at Jack and said, “Do you mind if I turn it on?”

Jack looked a Sally and smiled. “No, I don’t mind turn it on.”

Bill looked down at the device and then at Sally. “Ok, here goes.”

He pressed the on button. He reached and slowly turned one of the buttons.

Sally immediately felt a tingle in her spine as the device that was in her ass began to vibrate.

“Oh, I feel it,” Sally said and a shutter went through her body.

“That was for the rear,” Bill explained to Jack. “This one is for the pussy hole.”

“Oh damn,” Sally said as she felt her most inner body begin to tremble in rhythm to the two vibrators inserted into her. Sally could feel her juices begin to flow.

“Now this is the one that gets them,” Bill pointing to the next two buttons. “This one turns on the little suction device. It will get her attention when it comes on.” He pushed the button.

“Damn!” Sally said and straightened up as if someone grabbed her. Her hand went automatically between her legs.

Both Jack and Bill were staring at Sally. Both had budges in their pants as they watched her react to the stimulation going on between her legs.

Sally looked up at them with a very wicked smile. She was swaying slowly and her hands rose to cup her own breasts as she watched the two men watch her.

“Now for the best part,” Bill whispered anticipating the next move. He turned the last small button. This turned on the vibrator attached to the suction cup that was currently attached to Sally’s now very swollen clitoris.

“Oh my God!” Sally moaned as she felt the direct stimulation of her clitoris along with the vibrations deep within her womb and her bowels. It was too much and Sally slowly slid down onto the floor. 

The men watch as Sally began to wiggle and hump in a most provocative and obscene manner.

“Holy shit,” Bill said. “Hope you don’t mind.” Bill pulled out his erect cock and began to masturbate as he watch Jack’s wife humping the air on the floor.

Jack looked over at Bill’s actions. He too felt a hard cock in his pants. 

“What the hell!” Jack said as he pulled out his own dick.

Sally was in her own world of ecstasy and did not care that there were two men with their cocks in their hands watching Sally grinding her hips in the air fucking a vibrator. In fact she liked it and she experienced orgasm after orgasm lying on the hard floor of Bill’s Adult Toy Store.
