 It was a warm summer evening and we had plans to go out, but you had to work until close. I told you that I would meet you at the country club so that way you wouldn't have to drive all the way out by me, and we could just go hang out once you were done with work. I walked into the bar, noticing that it was pretty slow on this particular night. I was wearing a short shirt, black thigh-high stockings, black spiked high heels, and a low-cut tank top (which showed a great deal of cleavage). As I walked in our eyes met and I smiled at you, letting you know that I was there, since you were waiting on a customer at the bar. I decided to sit up at the bar so that I could talk to you while you were doing stuff. Seeing you got me excited right away, especially when I started thinking about the many nights that we had spent together, the things that we'd done and talked about and the fun that we had. I could feel myself getting wet as I sat with my legs crossed, since I wasn't wearing any panties that night. You only had about another 30 minutes before you could close up and get out of there, so I had no problem waiting. 

I just sat at the bar and had a few drinks, and smoked a few cigarettes while I waited for you. We were just talking about what was on TV and what we wanted to do that night. I could see you glancing down at my chest more often than you thought I had seen...but the truth is, I liked it....ALOT. I knew that seeing me like this was making you hot, and knowing that turned me on. I so wanted to drop to my knees in front of you, take your pants off and suck you off so good....but I let those thoughts be for the moment. Time seemed to pass pretty quickly and most of your customers were gone, except for me. You were the only one working that night, so not having many people there real late made it nice and easy to clean up. When the last person left, you closed the door and said, 

"I've got few things to finish up and we'll be on our way."

Being alone with you in the bar, and being as horny as I was got my mind racing with so many thoughts of what I'd like to do and have done to me right then and there. And without even thinking twice, when you had your back to me, I climbed up on the bar, swung my legs around to face you and tapped you on the back. Your mouth flew open and your eyes got very wide. I raised my hand and motioned with my finger for you to come closer to me, telling you,

"I wanted to kiss you!" 

Without a second thought, you were right in front of me, arms around my waist, pulling me to you. Your lips pressed to mine felt so good, feeling your breath on my face and your tongue intertwined with mine. The way your hands felt around my back and my sides was enough to make me go through the roof. I knew that this would not just end with a little kiss, I had to have you right then, and right there on that bar. 

I scooted to the edge of the bar, wrapped my legs around you, and pulled you as close into me as I could. I let me hands wander through your hair while my lips and tongue found their way from your lips to your cheek and then to your ear. I gently took my tongue and ran it around the edge of your ear, listening to you moan slightly with the feeling of it. I opened my mouth slightly, just enough to take the bottom of your ear inside and began to lick and suck on it just a bit....feeling your muscles tighten up and your breath begin to get labored. I knew you were excited and I knew I'd have no problem convincing you to take me right there. My lips found their way back to yours, and before I kissed you again, I took your bottom lip between my teeth and pulled just a bit, just to see you get excited. Right about the same time, you grabbed my hand and put it on the outside of your pants, so I could feel how incredibly hard you were. God you felt so good, I wanted to see it and taste it and feel it. 

While I started rubbing you through your pants, your hands found their way up my skirt, until it reached my smooth shaven pussy lips that were very hot and very wet from all this excitement. While touching each other, I whispered in your ear, 

"I want you Kevin...I want you to feel you deep inside me, right here." 

You looked up at me with wanting eyes and said, 

"I want you just as much."

You pulled me to the edge of the bar, lifted my skirt up all the way, and after kissing the inside of my thighs, started gently licking and sucking on my pussy lips. Licking the juices that were already there out....tasting all of me. Then you started to suck and bite on my clit, sending chills down my back, making me want to cum on your face like I had never done before. I put my hand on the back of your head as I felt your tongue go deep inside of me and fuck me good. I pushed myself against your mouth harder until you got me to the point of cumming. 

I yelled out, "Oh god, I'm cumming, I'm gonna cum on your face right now!" 

With that, I came hard all over your tongue. You seemed to suck every last drop out of me, being able to feel your mouth and tongue so deep inside of me. When you stopped and looked up at me, you said I tasted so good, and I asked you to kiss me, so that I could taste my juices on your tongue. You happily obliged and kissed me harder and deeper than you ever had before. 

I knew how hard you had to be at this point, and I wanted to taste you myself, I wanted to run my tongue up and down your hot, throbbing cock. I jumped down off the bar, undid your pants and let them fall to the ground. I got down on my knees in front of you, and ran my tongue around the head of your cock, tasting your precum. Then I slowly ran my tongue down one side of your shaft and up the other side. Without saying another word, I opened my mouth and your whole cock deep inside my mouth, feeling it hit the back of my throat and began sucking on it. In and out I took it, stopping only to lick and suck on your balls. The faster I started sucking the more you started moaning and eventually you had your hand on the back of my head, pushing my mouth further and further onto your huge cock. I was feeling my pussy growing wetter and wetter, so I finally stopped sucking your cock, and I stood up and looked at you. You grabbed me and pulled me close to you and kissed me hard. 

Then I asked you, "What do you want to do now?"

You looked at me with a smile on your face and replied, "I want to fuck you so bad". 

I just smiled and kissed you, which was enough for you to know that I wanted it just as bad. 

With that, you turned me around to face the bar, and I put my hands up on it. Next thing I know you were hiking my skirt up, and when I offered to take it off you said to me, 

"Leave it on, I want to fuck you with it on...it makes it that much naughtier". 

I couldn't help but go along with it, because it definitely did make me feel like a very dirty girl...and I liked that. Before I could take another breath, you were thrusting your cock deep into me, and I could feel every single inch of it inside my wet pussy. I could feel my pussy stretch just enough to take it all in, and then tighten up around it again.

Feeling you inside of me was almost enough to make me cum again, but I didn't want to, not just yet...I wanted you to fuck me hard and fast and deep....just the way that you knew I liked it. Your hands reached around to grab my tits and play with my nipples, before I knew it; my hips were matching your thrusts. In and out, in and out, harder, harder....faster and faster. Feeling your balls slap up against the back of my pussy and my ass. 

Feeling so good, god I was moaning so loud. You let go of my tits, and slapped my ass, asking me if I liked it. I told you that I liked it very much, that I loved the way you were making me feel. I told you I wanted it harder, and with that you grabbed my hair and started thrusting into me harder, your cock deeper inside of me than it had ever been. My pussy juices dripping down my leg and your balls. Oh god Kevin, I wanted to cum, I wanted to cum right then and there. I told you I was about to cum, and when I said that you grabbed my hips and pulled me onto you as hard and deep as you could, leaving no space between our bodies. And just like that, I felt my orgasm build inside of me, and I started to scream out, 

"I'm cumming, oh fuck yes, I'm cumming don't stop, don't' stop fucking me!!!" and you didn't. 

You kept going, until you started yelling out that you were cumming too. In an instant we were both cumming together, my pussy gripping your cock so good and draining every drop out of you. 

A total rush came over us, and we realized what had just happened and how amazing that had been...but somehow we both knew that this would not be the end of the fun we would have tonight. Once we composed ourselves, shared some more kisses and touches, we finished cleaning up and headed out.