 I drove up for the night, and I didn't feel like staying at the house all night so we stopped at this little townies bar you go to. It was everything I expected of a little pub, but yet nothing I had ever seen. I swear as soon as we walked in, everyone in the place fell dead silent, they either knew I wasn't from around there, or you had told them all about me. So we ordered our food and a pitcher of beer and talked about what we were going to do over the next few days. In my head I know we talked about just having a night were we actually talk and have a good time and not just have sex on our mind. We wanted this to be the night we found out everything about each other. 

The night started out so good and you were so sweet. Not to mention that voice of your, always send tingles down me when you talk. I hope we stay up all night talking. We've sat and laughed for a good hour and half. Been through 2 pitchers of beer and a few shots by now; not sure who's going to drive home, but the nights still young and we've never gotten to laugh like this. You strike up the idea of putting a few good tunes on and having us a few good dances. I look around the place and laugh. There's a juke box in the back with a little room to dance. The bar up front has 3 customers and the bartender and the waiter/cook. We've heard them ask a hundred times if I've have been in here before, and just laughed it off. I love how they stare at us. It's like color vs. grey in there. I laugh at the thought of dancing, but I say what the hell after this much alcohol I don't think I could say not to much at all. Not to mention, I can't say no to you. You are so damn cute, and so sexy. Doesn't look like they've added any new good songs since 1975, but there's a few good ones in there. But we were both feeling a little tipsy and in the mood for some dancing. So I tell you to pick some songs, I'm going to go get us another drink. I head up to the bar. 

I can feel the drunken old men's eyes all over my body. Going from my shoes, looking right through my skirt and picturing what they can see under my shirt. Maybe they can since I'm just not from around here. I give a little laugh to myself and order us another shot. When I get back the songs have started. We clang our glasses together and shoot it down and head to our own world of dancing. The men in the bar laugh at us dancing but we just go on our way without a care. You pull me in close and we are all over each other from the get go. It's been all night and we had been so good, but I want you bad, and I can feel the way you look at me. 

You will have what you want to. Your hands with a firm grip on my ass I lean in and kiss you passionately. The taste of the shot still on both of our breathes. You pull me in close. Your hands cup over my breasts sliding down my body. You kiss down my neck and pull my shirt over to kiss my shoulders. Your hand slips up my skirt to find my wet & hot pussy just waiting on you. You slide your hand back and forth just teasing on the outside of my panties. I can't help but let a little moan out of pleasure, you turn to look up at the bar, and the only one in view of us still had his back to us. At that point you new it was ok, I felt you take my panties aside and run your fingers down my wet pussy. They were so cold compared to me and you felt amazing inside. I was so wet. You circled my hard clit by this time I had to bit your shirt to keep from screaming in pleasure.

As if it was possible, you pulled me even closer. You slid 2 fingers in me and out comes another moan. At this point you know to move over a bit just in case the old man does turn around to watch us dance but we keep dancing. I begin to unbutton your pants and slid my hand down inside and find your huge hard cock all ready for me, while faster you slide in and out of me. There's a chair in the back corner. Its dark back there, I've been watching it as we dance; picturing you fucking me on it. 

By this time, I can't take anymore, I pull you to it. Its out of site from all of the others, the only thing close is the back exit; it does not look like it has been used in 25 years. I pull your pants down and throw you on the chair. I bend over and give your hard cock a few licks; sliding it in and out of my mouth deep. Your skin so tight... wanting to explode... I pull it out of my mouth and position myself on top of you and slide you in me. Just then you kiss me to keep me from screaming. You angle yourself just right and we both begin to rock into each other. I'm so wet, and your dick so hard and so deep inside of me. With ever slide, I moan. Harder and faster, I moan for more. Our movements are equal and you moan my name sending me into an orgasm all over your hard cock. I lean into your ear and say thank you baby it's your turn. I nibble your ear and my hands wonder on down. 

I slide off your cock, my juices sliding down your balls. I pull you further off the chair to have full access to you. your cock now sticking straight out at me I get on my knees in front of you and you throw my head on your cock. I lick your shaft up and down, allowing myself to taste my juices from you. I slide my tongue back to your balls. My juices are everywhere. Licking my fingers I slide one around to your ass and pull my other hand back up to your shaft. Taking you in as far as you will go. All the way in and all the way back out. In and out, harder and faster, you push and pull my hair with my motions. Moaning in pleasure, you say baby I'm there. Your tight skin sliding so smooth in and out, and in one shot I feel you go. It takes a few swallows, and just at that point, we get up and you are pulling your pants up. The bartender comes back and says, folks your music was over 15 minutes ago and you were out of sight. Thought there was a problem.

I said no problem but we need 2 more shots.