 “Come on Sally it’s time to go. We are going to be late as it is,” Jack said to his wife Sally as they prepared to leave to the family night supper at the Temple Street Baptist Church.

“I’m hurrying Jack,” Sally replied.

“Let me look at you before we leave,” Jack said. He took a good look at his lovely wife. She was wearing a white blouse with a dark bra that was visible without being lewd. She had on a skirt that went just below her knees giving it a respectable look but with a little sexiness flare.

“Pull up your dress and show me your wares,” Jack instructed.

Sally pulled up her dress to reveal she was not wearing panties. Sally seldom ever wore panties these days since she and Jack’s sex life reawakened. 

Jack noticed his wife’s clean shaving pussy and licked his lips.

“What a sweet pussy you have my dear but we have to go,” Jack said.

“Tonight I want you to get alone with Carol like we talked. Tell her you need her advice and then show her I don’t let you wear panties,” Jack explained. Even since Jack had caught Carol, the preacher’s wife staring at his wife’s pantiless crotch during a Church service he wanted to try a little plan on Carol.

“Then just see what happens.”

“I guess everyone will be at the supper tonight,” Sally commented. She was thinking of Josh and all the things he had made her do but then she shuttered to think she agreed to do all of them. Of course, she had Josh to thanks for her reawakened sex life. She had very conflicted feelings about Josh and worried that she would once again fall into his control, in fact, at times she wanted it very badly.

They arrived at the Church to find about 20 other couples already there. They were just sitting down to dinner.

“Hi Jack and Sally,” Rev. Wallace said as they walked in the hall.

“Hi, Rev.” they replied and Sally put down her casserole on the table with the food. They quickly found them a seat. Sitting across from them was a very nice couple, Mike and Beth. Sally was sitting next to Carol Wallace just as Jack had wanted.

Sally noticed Josh sitting at the far end of the table. He looked up a few times at her but one would never guess there was anything at all between them. Once he caught her eye and a shutter went through Sally’s body. She suddenly remember a scene in which she was being fucked by Josh in an orgy after a number of men had shot their cum all over her. Her pussy immediately became moist and she quickly looked away.

They spent a relaxing dinner and chatted about all kinds of things. After they had finished eating Jack noticed Carol excusing herself and heading for the bathroom.

“Beth, I think now is the time,” Jack whispered to his wife. She looked up to see Carol going into the ladies room.

“I think you are right,” Sally replied. At first Sally did not think much of her husband’s idea. She was not particularly interested in what another woman thought of her body. But as she considered it a certain excitement began to grow in her and she was curious as to how someone like Carol would react. It had been obvious to Jack at the church service that Carol’s was interested in looking under Sally’s dress. Also, Sally remembered several experiences with Josh that included other women.

Sally excused herself and headed down the long hall to the ladies’ room.

Sally’s departure did not go unnoticed by Josh. He had watched Carol leave and then noticed Jack indicating something to Sally while watching Carol leave. Josh was curious as he watched Sally walked down the hall. 

Josh gave Sally plenty of time and he excused himself. The men’s room was located near the ladies’ room. Josh was placed soon after Sally and Carol began to discuss Sally’s problem.

Sally opened the door the ladies room and found Carol standing by the sink.

“Oh, hi Carol, I did not know anyone else was in here,” Sally said.

“Come right in I am almost finished,” Carol replied.

“Carol, there is something I have wanted to talk to you about but I don’t really know how to say it,” Sally said.

“Sally, you can talk to me about most anything and I will do what I can to help,” Carol answered.

“It is about Jack and my relationship. There are some things he likes me to do and I just don’t know about it,” Sally explained using the plan that she and Jack had formulated.

“Like what?” 

“Well, Jack likes for me to dress in certain ways.”

“It is okay to please your husband’s taste in clothes.”

“That is not exactly what I mean. Let me show you,” Sally explained and turned to stand before Carol. As Carol looked at her Sally quickly pulled up her dress giving Carol a perfect view of her hairless, pantiless pussy.

“Oh my!” Carol said and stared at Sally’s pussy. Carol could not believe the effect it was having on her. Her face flushed with color but it was what was happening between her legs that were most confusing. Carol suddenly was very wet and felt her clit begin to throb with an intense desire to be caressed.

“You see Carol he likes for me to not wear panties. He says he does not want me to cover my pussy,” Sally said to Carol noticing the affect she was having on the preacher’s wife.

“I see what you mean,” Carol finally managed to say. She had to will her hand not to move between her legs to scratch the intense itch that was demanding attention.

“I know you must think I am very bad,” Sally said purposely leaving her dress pulled up. It seemed Carol was unable to take her eyes off Sally’s cunt.

“No, not at all. Some husbands have strange ideas,” Carol replied continuing to gaze at Sally’s pussy.

“Do you think my pussy is pretty, Carol?” Sally asked.

“Why, I guess so,” Carol replied and for the first time their eyes met. Carol quickly looked away in shame since she had been staring straight at her friend’s pussy for quite sometime.

“Call me weird, but I liked the way you were looking at me.”

“It was just a shocked to see you without any panties,” Carol said and again looked down at Sally’s pussy.

“I think you like looking at my pussy Carol,” Sally said in a coy voice.

“No, What are you saying Sally?” Carol asked as a desperate feeling began to grow inside her. The intensity of the effect Sally’s pussy was having on her own pussy was clouding Carol judgment and she was unable to take her eyes off of her friend’s pussy. If only Sally will let her dress fall back in place it would break the spell.

“I am saying that you like seeing my pussy because he keep staring at it with that strange look,” Sally responded pulling her dress up even higher and shifting her legs wider apart giving Carol the best possible view.

“I don’t know,” Carol whimpered.

“Get down on your knees so you can have a better look at my pussy,” Sally said surprised at how much she was enjoying having this power over another woman. She could feel her pussy tingle with excitement as her friend stared at it with such intensity.

Josh pressed his ear tight against the wall. He could not believe what he was hearing from the other side in the ladies’ room.

Carol also could not believe what was happening but she had to have a better look at Sally’s pink pussy. She slowly sank to her knees directly in front of her friend with her face on the same level as Sally’s pussy. She could see the little hairs that were beginning to arise indicating a shaving would soon be needed to keep the smooth appearance. She could see the details of the folds of Sally’s pussy lips and she could even see the engorged bud of Sally’s clit poking out slightly under one of the folds of tender pink skin. She could also see the moisture beginning to flow from deep within Sally’s pussy hole. She could even smell the aroma of her friend’s sex. Carol was lost in this strange world of forbidden sexual desire. 

Carol simply could not help herself. She leaned forward and began to massage Sally’s cunt with her tongue.

Sally was caught off guard. She did not expect this to happen but when Carol’s tongue touched her clit electrical impulses exploded in Sally’s brain and she was totally lost to the feeling of being eaten by the minister’s wife. It was not the heaven preached about on Sunday but it was heaven on earth.

Carol loved the taste of Sally. She could not get enough. As she lost control her own hand worked it way down her body and soon her fingers found their way through her panties and were poking into her very wet pussy hole. Carol moaned as her mouth ate her friend’s pussy and the vibrations of her moan sent waves of passion through Sally’s body.

Sally lost all control as she experienced a supreme orgasm and slid down the wall to the floor.

Carol also had the greatest orgasm of her life as she sucked Sally’s ample pussy juice and devoured them. As Sally slid down Carol moved quickly and placed her head so that Sally simply sat on Carol’s mouth. Sally fell forward and as she looked she was face to face with Carol’s wet cunt. She also could not help herself and planted her mouth directly on Carol pussy sucking in her erect clit.

Carol had just had the greatest orgasm of her life but as Sally’s mouth found her pussy Carol experience the greatest orgasm of her life. 

“Oh God!” Carol cried into Sally’s pussy as Sally continued to grind it on Carol’s face.

“Oh God!” Sally cried into Carol’s pussy as Carol hunch upward into Sally’s willing mouth.

It was quite a scene in the bathroom of the Temple Baptist Church. What neither Sally nor Carol knew was that Beth had needed to go to the bathroom. Luckily the bathroom was located in the rear of the building and was somewhat isolated from the main hall. This prevented anyone in the hall from hearing any of the sound emulating from bathroom. However, as Beth approach she heard the sounds. She slowly approached the door thinking someone might be in trouble. She could not believe what she saw as she cracked the door.

There was Carol, the preacher’s wife lying in a 69 position with Sally. Two of the most respected women of the Church were eating each other’s pussy in the church’s ladies room during family night dinner. Beth could not believe what she was seeing.

Beth could also not believe the sensation she had as she peeked at the two women. Her hand moved down and before she knew what she was doing she was rubbing her own pussy. Beth could not believe how excited she had become. She slipped her hand under her dress and managed to slip a finger inside her panties into her wet pussy.

“Oh no!” Beth whispered to herself. “This is not right.” She quickly moved away from the door, quickly going down the hall, and returned to her seat.

Beth also was not aware that Josh had heard her approached and had peeked out the bathroom door just in time to see Beth peeking in the ladies’ room. He saw the expression of surprise on her face turn into one of excitement as her breath quickened. Josh did not miss seeing Beth’s hand slipping down between her legs. He noticed an expression of pleasure form on her face but then change to shock as Beth realized what she was doing.

“Are you okay?” Mike asked as Beth returned noticed a flush look on her face.

“Oh, I am fine,” she answered.

In about twenty minutes Carol walked into the room. She looked mostly composed and Beth wondered how she could manage it after what she had been doing. Shortly thereafter, Sally walked back into the room and quickly sat down with Jack. Beth noticed Sally had a smile on her face. She also noticed that Sally bent over and whispered something to Jack and he also developed a smile. 

A few minutes no one noticed that Josh walked back into the room.