 I'm Rick, and I've been seeing my massage therapist, Gail, for nearly four years now. How do you explain a man and a woman with two entirely different backgrounds meeting for the first time and just knowing one another as if they had been life-long friends? 

I get a massage from Gail every two weeks, whether I need it or not. It's part of my down time. We usually spend most of that time talking while she is working on me. And does she ever work on me! I've never had better massages. We talk about her relationship with her husband, her two boys, my relationship with my wife and children. We talk about her very non-churchy spirituality. We talk about my lack of spirituality and my ultimate awakening and departure from my hard-core, cultish, religious belief. And we talk about sex.

It was about my sixth visit, when I asked if I had to keep my underwear on and be tangled in the sheets all the time. I asked straight out if I could just be naked on the table. The truth - the bare truth as Gail put it - is that I could be any way I wanted to be so long as I was comfortable. And right there in front of her, I stripped to my birthday suit. I'm not incredibly endowed, but I gave up long ago being embarrassed about my body. I got on the table and she began her work. There was no illicit touching; I was simply more comfortable naked, and Gail was okay with it. We continued like this for almost four years. And even though I would have had more, and we did talk about it several times, I'm not the pushy type, so we went on with no problems, no touching, no issues.

I strolled in one Saturday morning at my normal time with a gift of a bottle of wine and noticed that Dee, the regular appointment before me wasn't there. I asked Gail if Dee was okay, and it turned out that she had to travel over the weekend for business. Very matter-of-factly Gail said, "You're my only client today, my last one cancelled also. Let me get the room ready. Go ahead and get ready, and we'll get started." She went into the therapy room and was there quite a while, something that isn't usual. Meanwhile, I got ready. I stripped. Her business is a private one and with no one else there I took the liberty of getting bare and walking around a little bit to see some of the "spiritual" items she carried.

I heard the spa music come on in the treatment room, and then I heard her call out, "The room is ready and so am I. Come on in." I walked in and was shocked. Gail was completely naked, lying on the massage table with her legs wide open, leaning back and propped up on her elbows with a big smile on her face. 

"Surprised?" She asked with her beautiful smile. 

"Well, yes." I responded. "We've talked about this before, and it wasn't where you wanted to go, so we didn't pursue it."

"I thought about it a lot, and it's a place I want to go now, if you are still wanting it. You've been unashamed in showing me the bare truth, I thought it only fair that you get the same in return and maybe some interest to boot", she said. "I had it waxed just for you", she said touching her pussy. "I know you like to see what you eat."

I looked at her bald pussy, gleaming with wetness in the dim light of the room. All I could think of at that moment was that I wanted more than anything to have that wet pussy in my dry mouth. "I'm still wanting it, Gail. I always have, but you had the key to this. Looking at you right now, I can barely speak, and I think the best solution to my dry mouth is your wet pussy." 

She laughed and said, "Don't get in a big hurry just yet. As much as I want you sucking my juices out of my pussy, and as much as I want to squirt my girl cum all over your face, I want it a certain way. Look around the room and tell me what you see."

Prying my eyes from her sweet body for a moment I looked around. My eyes popped open. Laid out on a table at the side of the room were a nipple and clit clamp, a bondage thigh restraint sling, a "cool wax" candle, a leather paddle, a vibrating dildo, a cat o' nine tails whip, a ball gag, a bottle of water based lubricant, and a feather - a damn feather!

I looked back at Gail and said, "I see toys." 

She smiled just a bit shyly and said, "I don't know if we'll use all that today, but I wanted to be ready just in case."

I wasn't sure who she wanted to be the sub, but all doubt was removed when she said, "Put me in the thigh sling. I'm always in charge in my business, and this time I don't want to be concerned with anything other than the pain and pleasure you inflict on me. I don't want to make any decisions during this time."

I understood as I have researched and seen this philosophy before. I lifted the sling over her head so the top part was across her shoulders in back and across the top of her breasts in front. I connected the leg attachments to her thighs holding her legs in a wide-open position and placing her in a sitting position. I attached wrist cuffs to her wrists and then to the outside of each leg, allowing her to be able to watch everything being done to her, but unable to reach out to stop or enhance any action.

I picked up the nipple and clit clamp. She no longer had any control. I quietly looked her in the eye and said, "If any line is about to be crossed that you are unwilling to cross, your escape phrase is 'fire engine'. Do you understand?" She nodded quietly.

I reached to her left breast and tweaked the nipple. Gently at first and then harder until she moaned. Her nipple stood out and I attached the clamp and then used the thumb screw to apply more pressure. She moaned more until she suddenly sucked in her breath in surprise as I sucked her right nipple into my mouth and bit down on it. I nibbled all around it until it had grown enough to be clamped. Again, I put the clamp on it and tightened the thumb screw. She sighed. I looked her in the eyes and brought the clit clamp into view, squeezing and releasing it to open and close it. She groaned, "Oh, God..." I dropped between her legs. I'm sure she was expecting the clamp immediately, but following the same process I used with her nipples, I applied my mouth. But not just to her clit. I licked her from her back door to her hole, stopping to taste her lips on both sides of her pussy, and only then did my tongue travel to her clit. I licked it. I laid my tongue flat on it and held it there, tasting her. I flicked her clit with the tip of my tongue. And I sucked her clit until she started rocking and moaning. I stopped. She flinched at the suddenly cessation of feeling and looked down in time to see me mount the clamp on her clit and tighten the screw clamp. 

She begged me quietly "Don't stop. Please! Don't stop" 

"Shhh! If there is too much noise, I'll use the ball gag, and then how will you tell me if I've crossed a line?"

She laughed and quietly said, "I've created a monster. But...some monsters are good."

I picked up the leather paddle, rolled her slightly to one side and smacked her left ass cheek. I moved to the other side of the table and gave the same treatment to the right side. Her skin tinged a little red. "I like red", I said, and spanked several times again until she was moaning.

I spanked just below her ass and she jumped. Three spanks on each side and she was straining a bit at being spanked on a more sensitive area. But she didn't give me the escape phrase. So, we're all good, and I put the paddle down and reached for the candle. I looked her straight in the eyes as I lit the candle and rolled it around, allowing it to gather wax. I moved closer to her, never breaking eye contact. Carefully, I tipped the candle over her right nipple. It was pinched in the clamp, and as I released the clamp allowing blood to flow freely into her nipple, I dripped the wax. The heightened sensitivity of the released nipple and the immediate warmth of the wax jolted her as I continued to drip wax to cover her nipple.

I slowly dripped wax down her body until I was just above her cleanly waxed pussy. I stopped. I picked up the feather and moved my face between her legs, just inches from her clit and labia. I lightly blew on her. She groaned lowly. I lightly brushed the feather in the junction between her legs and her pussy - first one side and then the other. I gently blew on her, and as I released the clit clamp I dragged the feather up her slit from her backdoor to her clit, releasing the clit clamp as I did so. Soft unintelligible whispers came forth from her.

The feather was wet from her juices. I looked up at her and licked the edge of the feather. She tasted amazing! I moved up and dragged the feather across her lips slowly. And then, our first kiss as I leaned down and placed my lips on hers. Her mouth immediately opened to receive my tongue. She gave me her tongue and we dueled, getting hotter with each second.

I broke away, picked up the candle again, and gave her other nipple the same treatment as before. Releasing the clamp, I dripped wax on her nipple and had the same reaction. The increased sensitivity of the clamp being released and the warmth of the wax hit like a shock wave. She groaned and arched herself as much as she could within the confines of the sling. I continued walking the wax down the front of her sweet body. I didn't stop above her pussy this time though. I dripped wax down the crevice on each side of her labia.

She whispered desperately, "Now! I need you now!"

I looked at her and smiled, prolonging her satisfaction just a little bit longer. I reached over and took the vibrator in hand. I turned it on. Hmmm, multiple speeds and multiple types of vibration. I set it to straight vibration at the lowest speed and touched her clit with it.

"Oh, my god!" she nearly shouted.

I rubbed it up and down her slit; I rubbed her lower lips; I touched her asshole with it. I used it to massage the arches of her feet, then her calves, and then the insides of her thighs as she whimpered her approval. Holding the vibrator with one hand, I picked up the bottle of lube with the other and squeezed a small amount out.

Switching hands, I carefully massaged her wet lower lips. I suddenly switched the vibrator to high speed and slipped it into her love canal. I looked as I saw her eyes open quickly in surprise as she sucked in her breath. At the same time, my lubed finger slipped in her back door. She squealed and then groaned out loud. I now had two of her holes filled, and she was humping like a woman gone crazy. 

"More!" She said. "More, uhnn, now, oh, uhnn..."

I switched the vibrator to pulsating mode, leaving it on high speed, and began pumping it and my backdoor finger in and out.

"Ahhhh! Oh, my god! Oh, Oh..." she panted.

I went down on her clit, sucking it into my mouth like a small dick.

"Ahhhhhhhhh!"

I stopped sucking and began licking it quickly.

"Uhnnnn!" 

She is nearly knocking me away with her humping. "How can anyone do that while in a thigh sling?", I quickly wondered. The thought was fleeting as I began flicking my tongue over and around her clit. I could feel her juices increasing as my face slid up and down her luscious brown and pink pussy.

"I gonna cum!" she said loudly.

I took her clit in my mouth, sucking hard, and rolling my tongue around it.

"Oh, my god! Oh, my god! Oh, my... fuck meeeeeee!" She screamed as she exploded, gushing her girl cum all over my face. "Get it out! Get it out!" she screamed as I reduced the speed of the pulsating vibrator that was suddenly too much for the sensitivity of the moment.

I went back down on her, placing my tongue flat against her delicious clit, as I gently moved the tip of my tongue in the regions below, and gently pumped my finger in her back door. I slowly came to a stop having reduced the speed of the vibrator until it was off, and I removed my finger from her ass, and then licked her from top to bottom as she shivered and shivered again as I did it once more. She was covered in a light sheen of perspiration.

With no words between us, I removed the sling and slowly removed the wax from her body, gently kissing each spot as I removed it. As I finished up with her nipples I first kissed, then sucked, and then kissed again each of them. I moved to her lips and gave her a deep, hard, loving kiss. She responded by returning my kiss in like fashion, and now that she had her hands free, she moved them to the back of my neck and held me there while kissing me all around my mouth and nose.

She looked down at my dick. I was as hard as I've ever been. She licked the pre-cum off it, working around it to get the amount that had been produced. She took the head in her mouth, but I backed away. 

"This was for you, sweet Gail. Today is yours. Just rest and bask in the glow."

"Then the next time is for you, and we'll use the same equipment", she stated firmly. 

That's when I knew who would be dom and who would be sub the next time. "Yes ma'am", I said with a slight bow of my head, already assuming my role for our next time together.

I went into the office area, opened the wine, gathered two glasses of the set she kept on hand, poured the wine, and returned to the room.

"Here's to an amazing woman!" I toasted as we clinked our glasses.

"And to just as amazing a man!" she returned the toast.

We spent the remainder of the morning chatting, hugging, kissing, and touching until there was no more wine.