 Rosie checked her hair and lip gloss one last time in the mirrored walls of the empty elevator as she made her way down to the building's lobby. Straightened her dress; she stepped out of the elevator and walked out of the lobby.

The clingy black wool dress looked great against her pale skin and her black Mary Jane wedges made her legs look extra long and smooth incased in transparent lace top, stay up stockings. Her chestnut hair fell in soft waves down her shoulders and back, past her breast, stopping just short of her slender waist. 

Making her way down the laneway that housed the great coffee shops near her office, Rosie only had eyes for one of them and in particular the barista that made her morning coffee. The café had only opened 2 months ago but great coffee and a special price before 9:00am had seen it really take off. Rosie didn't really care about the business, she just wanted the barista, Simon, and she wanted him bad.

They had flirted from the first coffee and the banter had only grown more personal and intense as time went, to the point where he was all she thought about, alone at night, like a single woman does. She knew from hours of perving that under his jeans and black shirt uniform he had a body she wanted to touch.

It was after 5pm on Friday and she knew Simon closed up alone on Fridays but she still gave a sigh of relief when she saw the door half open, glad she hadn't missed him. As if to bring her desires to life he stepped out of the open door to grab the last two outdoor chairs.

"Finishing up for the day Simon?" Rosie called walking towards him. Turning to find the source of the greeting, Simon smile changed as the recognized her, the smile made Rosie's skin prickle and her breast tighten. It wasn't so much as a I want to see you naked smile but more like he had already seen her naked and wanted to see it again.

Nodding his response he replied "After work drinks Rosie?" He questioned as his eyes grazed her body.

"Yes, but I am running early."

Giving her another wicked grin Simon beckoned with his head, "Come in, I'll make you an espresso to pass the time."

Following him inside the small café Rosie was immediately hit with the warmth from the coffee machine and from the oven further back in the kitchen. Simon called from the store room for her to close the door, feeling flushed all over Rosie turned and closed the door. With the door closed Rosie could now smell sweet chocolate and coffee aromas coming through from the kitchen. Sniff appreciatively, Rosie turned to face the kitchen and locate the source of the smell, following her train of thought Simon answered her silent question.

"Tiramisu Biscuits, I am testing them out, want to try one?" 

Taking any advantage to prolong her stay and move things to where she wanted, Rosie agreed and followed him through to the small café kitchen. The coffee and chocolate aromas got stronger as she walked behind him to the kitchen admiring his arse in his tight blue jeans.

The kitchen was tiny, but clean, just a few trays of warm biscuits along one side of the L - shaped bench, the swing door flapped shut as they moved into the center of the kitchen. Suddenly nervous and with heighten senses at the close proximity of their bodies, Rosie, suppressing the nervous flatter of her voice and reached for one of the biscuits. She felt the heat before Simon even had a chance to voice his warning about fresh from the oven.

Jumping with shock and dropping the biscuit, which crack and crumbed onto the bench, Rosie let out a soft gasp of pain. Grabbing her by the arm and tugging her to the sink, Simon blasted the cold water from the facet and pushed her hand under the numbing water.

Blubbing an embarrassed apology, Rosie felt her face heat and then the rest of her body as she realized how close she was pressed again him. Simon noticed as well, tugging at her hand again, he brought her hand closer to his mouth and sent a stream of cold air over her hot fingers.

The cold air tingled her sink, made those muscles in her abdomen clench and her breath catch in the throat. As the last of his sweet breath caressed her fingers, Rosie noticed the change in Simon as well, his hard body now radiated tension and his body heat wafted over her. Closing the small gap between his mouth and his fingers, Simon pressed the smallest and lightest of kisses against the pad of her fingers.

His lips where soft and cool as they touched her, but all Rosie felt was heat, it spread down her arms, across her chest right to the apple of her cheek, create a complexion to suit her name. Simon slowly lowered her hand from his face, before gently letting it drop limply at her side.

Hoarse with desire Simon asked "Are you ok?"

"Fine." replied a breathless Rosie, before lifting her gaze to his face. Dark blue eyes, rimmed in black meet hers, slight hooded and what Rosie was sure was a look that saw right through her clothing.

Taking the final step between them, he snaked his arm around her waist and pulled her flush against his body before dropping his head to kiss her lightly parted lips. He stroked his tongue across her lips, begging and enticing her to open her mouth and give him the access he craved. Feeling warmth spread through her, Rosie parted her lips and darted her tongue out to meet with his and moaned at the delicious sensation. Pressed flush against him, Rosie could feel him pushed hard against her and gloried in the knowledge that he desired her as much as she desired him.

Moving across the small width of the kitchen Simon pushed her against the clean stainless steel bench, at the perfect height, the cold metal pushed against the top of Rosie's backside.

Lust and passion was consuming both of them, the kiss had turned heated and fierce, neither of them able to get enough of the other. Simon's hands where entwined in Rosie's long hair, her hands grasped his shoulders and flagrantly rubbed herself against him, making her intentions clear, Rosie was almost crazed with her need for him.

Simon dropped his hands to close firmly around her waist and quickly lifted her on top of the bench. Without breaking the kiss and getting comfortable on her new perch, Rosie wound her arms around Simon's and drew him in to stand between her open thighs. Feeling her thighs grip his hips sent Simon crazy, he brought his hands up to slide the loose neck of her dress, down her shoulders and off her arms to expose her lace enclosed breast and pushed it down to bunch up at her waist exposing her mid-drift. Simon brought his mouth down to suck and nibble on her bare shoulder while Rosie's hands fumbled at the buttons of his black cotton shirt, pushing the two halves wide and forcing them off his shoulders and down his arms Rosie delighted in what she saw, smooth skin over tight hard muscles.

Dropping he shirt to the floor, Simon ran his hands up the outside of Rosie's legs to meet the edge of her dress and force it up to expose the top of her thighs and bunch around her waist, exposing her centre to his touch. Her thin lace thong was not barrier to his questing fingers and he soon found her hot slick pussy and her hard throbbing clit. Simon only took a moment to make sure she was readying before using one hand to undo his belt and open his jeans while continuing to stroke and enjoy the hot and moist slit he was about to take.

Rosie deepen the kiss as she felt the tension in the room change, dragging her nails across his shoulders and down his chest, Rosie silently urged him on. When Simon had finally freed himself from the confines of his jeans, she reached down, grasped him in her hand and guided him to her pussy. Lining him up against her opening, Rosie used her heels at his arse to guide and push him inside her. Moaning softly as he filled her, letting out a sigh of pleasure as he settled himself deep inside her. Simon hands gripped hard at Rosie's hips, holding on to the little control he had let, determined not to withdraw and slam back into as he wished. He forced his lips to remove themselves from her mouth and dragged in a shaky breath and dropped his head to return to the soft skin on Rosie's shoulder, nibbling at the tendons under her pale skin, kissing her softly and slow, trying to calm the rage and desire in his body and enjoy the moment completely.

Work worn jeans rubbed against the soft skin on the inside of Rosie's thighs, abraided her skin, adding to the sensation as Simon slowly withdraw and pushed back inside her. Rosie moved her legs up to grip high on Simon's waist, tilting her waist slightly and groan as the angle changed; drawing him close to her Rosie pulled his face to hers, starting a soft sensual loose lipped kiss. Simon began to move, never withdrawing more than an inch before pushing back inside Rosie, grinding himself against, making sure her clit rubbed against his cock. Over and over he pushed himself inside her just like this until Rosie was clawing at his back, he nails dragging bright red marks down his tanned skin as his lips and teeth nibbled at her neck.

"Faster." Rosie choked out is breathy gasp

Looking her dead in the eye, with passion and desire etched in his face Simon commended

"Wrap your legs tighter around me."

Doing as she was told Rosie, lifted her legs, draped them high on his hips, entwined her ankles and held on as Simons trust became faster and more powerful.

Moaning loudly at the change of speed, Rosie held on for dear life as he took her body higher and made sweat cling to their bodies in the warm kitchen. Bringing his mouth down to hers, Simon nibbled on her lips gentle as he slammed himself into her; bring them both closer to the edge, he lifted his hands from her hips to drag them up and down her back, feeling the soft skin under his hands.

One hand travelled up her back, to cup the back of her neck and draw her face away from his, holding her steady until she opened her eyes.

"I have been thinking about this for weeks, dreaming about you, wanting you, wanting to feel you surround me, feel your muscles flutter around me as you cum." Simon whisper roughly, as he slowed his pace slightly. "Are you going to cum for me Rosie? Make my dreams come true?"

Biting her lip and letting out a loud, low moan, Rosie nodded her head in agreement. She was going to cum for him; soon and make both their dreams come true. The tension built inside her faster and faster, Simon felt the muscles inside her contract and tilted his hips, pushing just a little deeper, hit the prefect, sweet spot inside her. He wasn't far off himself, weeks of fantasizing, cute, flirty and at times downright sexual banter had come to this and he was determined to make it amazing for both of them.

Dipping his head, he brushed hot wet kisses across her shoulder, down her chest to take a hard nipple in his mouth and suckled at her. Rosie arched her back, pushing more of her breast against his face and the 5 O'clock shadow that caressed her skin. Her orgasm rushed at her, no time to contemplate and judge its strength. It just came. And so did Simon. It great torrents, he spilled himself inside her as her orgasm fluttered around his cock, milky the life from him. It left them both stated and spent.

Their bodies, loose and boneless, fell against the stainless steel bench. Trailing little soft kisses across her cheeks and over her brows, Simon stepped back and untangled himself from Rosie's legs, righting his jeans he held out a hand and helped Rosie from the bench. After fixing her dress Rosie looked up to a cheeky smiling Simon.

"Dinner; tomorrow, 8:00pm?"