 Having just moved to the area, and not knowing anyone else, I went out with my much younger cousin the other night and we ended up at a pretty divey bar. She and I are much different, and while I love her, we don't see eye to eye on much of anything. I was quickly bored with the boys at the club being too young to have any manners or enough money to make up for the lack. So, instead I wandered upstairs and bought myself a drink from the bar there. Surveying the scene from the upstairs railing and quietly drinking, I was feeling reckless and frustrated. Before I knew it, it was last call and I was in a fairly bad mood having not even sparked a conversation with anyone. Friends and relatives might have chalked it up to intimidation; they tell me I am too pretty and too smart. On the other hand, I was used to being ignored by the male population whether out of fear or disinterest, being ignored is being ignored. 

At twenty-eight, I still have the mythological proportions of 36-24-38, legs that go on for miles and creamy white Irish skin. My eyes are deep green and enchanting, or so I'm told. Out of disgust with the situation and more than a little desperation, I turned to the bartender for one last drink. By this time, it wasn't very crowded up stairs and the bartender started a simple conversation with me. After a little small talk, he asked me what I was doing after the club closed, and very interested, I replied that I was with my little cousin but other than that nothing much. He wasn't especially impressive at first glance- tallish, funky bleached hair with cool blue tips. I couldn't tell much else from my side of the bar, but he seemed attractive and intelligent enough. 

My cousin wandered upstairs about this time and said she wasn't feeling well and wanted to go home. I had really been warming to the idea of hanging out with this guy. There was something about him that drew me in inexplicably. Regretfully, I turned to Jeff and offered my e-mail address as a way of staying in touch. By the time I got home from dropping my cousin off, it was about 3 AM and I sat down at my computer to see if surfing porn would give me any relief. To my surprise, I had e-mail waiting for me and it was from Jeff, the bartender! I opened it and felt a thrill of energy shoot down my spine into my crotch. Very simply, it said, "I want you to call me." followed by his number. 

Despite the fact that it was now about quarter to four, I called him anyway. He answered immediately and told me that he wanted to see me. Feeling very curious, and very turned on by his quiet commands, I found myself getting into my car and driving over to his place. My brain kept asking what in hell I thought I was doing, but the moisture in my panties overruled reason. I arrived at his apartment and he pulled me inside without a word. As the door closed, he crushed me against it while kissing me forcefully. He wound his hand in my long blonde hair just tight enough to make me almost cum right there. He held me there for another minute or two kissing me deeply and passionately. I could feel his tongue piercing teasing me. Then, suddenly, he twisted my hair a little tighter in his fingers and simply stared into my eyes. I was so turned on I could barely stand up. He asked me, "Are you scared?" All I could do was shake my head, no. 

He took my hand and led me to his bedroom where he must have had forty or fifty candles burning on every level surface. Next to the bed, he started to peel off my clothes. I hadn't changed from my club clothes and he drew my soft black shirt over my head and un-snapped my plum colored sequined miniskirt, letting it fall to the floor. Leaving me standing there in my black lace bra, thong, and lace-top thigh-highs. Slowly, he walked around me tracing trails on my skin with his fingertips ever so lightly. Admiring my D-plus cup breasts and dancer's physique. He asked if I was ok, if I needed anything and again, beyond words, I just shook my head. He came closer then, and began kissing my neck very gently nibbling. I felt for the edge of the bed to sit before my knees gave out. He smiled at me and helped me lie across his big bed, continuing to kiss me all the while. Abruptly, he picked me up and turned me length-wise on the bed. He had both of my hands above my head in one of his, while his other hand roughly squeezed my tits through my bra. He leaned back a moment and eased off the bed as he unbuttoned his shirt, and took it off. Then he went over to a drawer and came back with a sapphire-colored scarf. Wearing only his pants, he climbed back onto the bed and helped me out of my bra then, tied my wrists together over my head to the headboard. Glancing at me to check my reaction, I was entranced. 

The body that earlier had hidden behind a loose shirt was smooth skinned, well muscled and very, very nice. The feel of his skin on mine as he reached above me was electrifying and I arched my back for more contact. He edged away and sat back on his heels as he reached for a candle on the nightstand. He came back toward me with a large cream-colored pillar and suddenly poured wax onto my left nipple. I gasped and then gasped again as he poured more wax onto my right nipple. The wax was just this side of too hot, almost enough to burn and as it cooled and tightened on my already hard nipples was almost excruciating in its intensity. 

He put the candle back and returned to savage my mouth with kisses again. He started to move slowly down the length of my body, leaving an electric trail of kisses and small bites. He lifted up my right leg and started to bite me not so gently on the inner thigh at the top of my stocking, moving relentlessly toward my pussy. I could feel his hot breath as he came closer and closer. Suddenly, he sat up, and slowly slid my black lace thong down and off. Then without further warning, he buried his face in my pussy. I could feel the ball of his tongue piercing barbell, on my clit. I came with such force that I actually screamed! But, he kept on… I think I must have lost consciousness for a second and when I came to, I was still cumming…again and again. 

He stood up, unzipped his pants, and unveiled a beautiful cock. I wanted so badly to kiss its smooth head and run my tongue up and down the considerable length of it, but I was tied to the bed. I heard myself mewling like a kitten as I strained against the silk at my wrists toward it. He gave me a wicked grin and stroked it lovingly. "Do you like it?" he asked. All I could do was moan something unintelligible. "What was that?" he teased as he knelt on the bed bringing it closer to my lips. He said, "Tell me what you want." All I could focus on was his lovely penis just inches from my waiting lips. "Mmmmm, bring it here." I whispered. "Not until you tell me what you want to do. Say it!" he commanded. I met his eyes and quickly looked away. "I want to suck it." I said very quietly not looking at him. "Not good enough. Try again." he taunted. I looked him dead in the eye and said firmly "I want to suck your cock". He hesitated for a moment and then came closer and finally allowed me to satisfy my need to suck that length of velvet-steel fuck rod. 

It was unbelievably soft and I luxuriated in the feel of my tongue lapping at the head and tasting that pearl of excitement that I had induced. He growled animalist ally and returned the favor by licking his way down my flat stomach to my pussy and slathering it with his tongue. Teasing me to the edge of orgasm and then stopping repeatedly. He began to slide his teasing tongue lower and lower until he was licking my asshole. I tried to squirm away but he held my hips in an iron grip. To my surprise, I began to enjoy it in spite of myself. I felt his cock getting even harder in my hot, wet mouth as I tried to swallow as much of his cock as I could. By this time, I was lying in a puddle of my own juice, and he licked my pussy and ass like he was drinking champagne.

With another feral growl he climbed off me and turned himself around to resume teasing me, with his cock this time. I couldn't stand it anymore. I begged, "Please….please…" "Please what?" he asked. "Please let me have your cock…" "Where?" he challenged. "In my cunt!" I rasped, beyond any embarrassment now. He rewarded me by driving his shaft into me in one swift thrust. Deep and hard he held there for a moment, only to pull almost all the way out and then drive forcefully back in. He kissed me roughly while he continued to thrust into my sopping pussy with long sure strokes. He pulled back a little and bit the wax off my nipples. I came again, around his cock, loving the feeling of it filling my pussy. As I was cumming, I felt his finger push it's way into my asshole, but I was too lost in the moment to protest. 

When I was done shivering in extacy, he drew out slowly, and looked into my glazed eyes as he put the head of his cock at the entrance to my ass. I began to shake my head fearfully and he bent to kiss me tenderly, saying "Shhhhh…just relax it's easier that way." I was still afraid, but he gently rubbed my clit while continuing to push my limits. Before I knew it, he was halfway into my ass. He held still for a moment and kissed me again before saying in a groan "Oh, your ass feels so sweet…I knew it would, mmmm" I closed my eyes and concentrated on the sensations as he continued push into my virgin hole. He was all the way in and again, paused to let me adjust. After a moment, he began to move slowly back and forth and to my shock, I loved it! "Oh god, that feels good." I murmured. I opened my eyes to see him smiling down at me. 

He began to increase his pace and I bucked my hips to meet his driving force. He stopped for a second and reached for the candle again. Still splitting my ass with his meat, he poured the melted wax between my breasts and down my belly. As he reached my pubes, the hot wax ran out, he then blew out the candle. He started to rub it on my clit and up and down my shaved pussy lips. It was still warm from being lit and was easily three inches around. After getting it good and soaked in my cunt juice, he slid it between the lips of my pussy. Now I had his cock in my ass and a candle in my cunt filling me totally, in a way I had never imagined. As he began to stroke in and out of my ass, again I came in an earth shattering orgasm, by far the most powerful yet. As I was finishing, I felt him pumping faster into my ass and he roared as he came and bent closer to kiss me viciously until his orgasm subsided. I wrapped my long legs around him and held him inside me while we recovered.