 Author's note: This is the fifth and final chapter in a medieval-set story with a strong impregnation/breeding fetish focus. This is also my first ever erotic story, so any feedback would be much appreciated.

*****

King Torren fidgeted impatiently on the throne. Ruling over his kingdom of Nordheim was a truly tiresome business. Listening to your advisors; discussing budgets and taxes, conflicts and diplomacy, pageants and feasts. 

It had been six months since he had seized the throne, and up until now his reign of terror had gone smoothly. But his adviser was now the bearer of bad news.

"Your majesty, our scouts have seen Karnon soldiers crossing the border into our lands. They have declared war and are marching straight for here."

"How many men?" asked Torren.

"We estimate around 10,000."

This was at least 2,000 more than Torren's army. The king's rage boiled. How dare these subhuman black men invade his kingdom and try to take his throne.

"What shall we do, your majesty?" asked the adviser. 

"I can't think straight. Send in my wife."

After a couple of minutes the doors to the throne room opened and Queen Lorena stepped in. She was dressed in opulent robes with her golden blonde hair braided back. Her clothes were deliberately tight fitting, on Torren's orders, to accentuate her slightly enlarged breasts and small baby bump that had formed ever since he had seeded her three months ago.

"Get over here, wife!" barked Torren.

Lorena did as she was told, moving next to Torren on the throne.

"I think better when a woman is sucking my dick. Take out my cock and put it in your mouth."

He was asking her to fellate him right in front of the nobles and advisers of the court. She should have been shocked and ashamed by such a request, but this was not the first time he had asked her to perform lewd acts on him in front of everybody.

As the king continued to talk strategy with his advisers, Lorena bent down and opened up Torren's breaches, allowing his hard cock to spring up outwards at full attention.

After wrapping her small, soft hand around the shaft, she started pumping his throbbing organ - the very same one that had spurted a new life inside of her not so long ago.

Torren impatiently grabbed Lorena's head and pushed her down. She opened her lips just in time before her mouth was impaled on his large, sweaty cock. Her eyes watered and cheeks bulged as her mouth was completely stuffed by his prick.

Torren resumed talking to his advisers as he pushed Lorena's head up and down on his dick, revelling in the sensation of having his pregnant wife's soft lips slide and suck up and down his cock.

"This King Abilo. He thinks he can come to our lands and take what is mine..."

"Omph, umph, oomph," sounds came from Lorena as she was face-fucked.

"I will show him what a true king is. I will take our forces and face him in the field. I will slaughter his army..."

Gasps and grunts continued from Lorena as she struggled for air, her lips completely stretched by the cock rammed down her throat.

"And then after that, I will invade Karnon and take his kingdom."

Lorena choked and gagged as saliva leaked from her cock-stuffed mouth down on to the throne. Torren's hands grabbed her head tighter, as his pace quickened. His cock began to swell and swell and Lorena knew from familiarity that he was close to release.

"But your majesty, is it wise to leave our defences here and meet them out in the field..." asked the adviser.

"SILENCE," roared the king as his climax seized. Spasm after spasm as his cock cummed inside Lorena's beautiful mouth as she felt gallons of his hot, creamy seed coat her tongue and trickle down her throat. With Torren's hands held firmly on her head, she struggled to swallow it all, nearly passing out with the effort of drinking in all of his spunk.

Finally the king eased up, letting go of her head so that Lorena could collapse to the floor, choking and gasping as the remnants of his cum drooled from her mouth down on to the throne.

The king looked coldly on at his advisers. "We march at dawn."

----

Torren's army moved forward with purpose into Flenhorn Forest. For the king, the ancient woodland was his spiritual home. He had been conceived and raised there by his witch mother. The dense, dark woodland had moulded him into the malevolent figure he was today.

It was the scene of his first triumph, where he had slain Nordheim's royal army led by the Princess Stefanie. Now, in the enchanted undergrowth, it would host his final victory over the invading Karnon soldiers, a victory that would cement his legacy as ruler of Nordheim and the bastard generations that he would sire going forwards.

He smirked as his army advanced into the forest. He knew that Abilo's men did not realise that Torren drew his strength from the trees around him. They wouldn't stand a chance.

But as Torren enjoyed his thoughts of victory, his nostrils suddenly flared. Something wasn't right. He could smell smoke in the air, getting thicker and thicker.

And it was getting hotter as well the further into the woods they marched. It wasn't until they reached the clearing that he realised what was going on. The forest was on fire, a deep orange inferno that was incinerating all around him.

The trees creaked and groaned in agony as the fire engulfed them, turning bark to ash. Torren didn't understand. The forest had never caught fire before.

Chaos broke out among his men, as they darted for safety from the flames. Torren found himself alone, surrounded by fire on all sides. In the distance he could make out the silhouette of a woman on horseback, smiling at him. She was far away but Torren knew instantly who it was. The princess who he had impregnated and imprisoned, only for her to escape his clutches. It was Stefanie. And her revenge was a dish being served very hot.

----

The former queen Cathelyn was also combating a fire, but it was one deep inside her. A molten hot orgasm that had been building out from her pussy before seizing her entire body. The cock buried deep inside of her was consuming her, pushing her over the edge.

Down in the dungeons, her naked body was bent forward over a wooden beam with her head and hands held in stocks. A prison guard was pistoning back and forth behind her, savouring the tight wetness of her delicious cunt as he felt his cock push deep inside her again and again.

Cathelyn groaned in pleasure as the guard lent forward and grabbed her swollen tits, before putting his hands around her massive stretched stomach, filled with the bastard king's baby six months ago. Despite how many times he had ploughed Cathelyn's cunt, him and the other guards could never get use to the fact it was the former queen they were fucking. The most powerful woman in the land now no more than a cum depositary for these brutish men and their basic needs.

He continued to hammer Cathelyn from behind, hitting her g-spot with each thrust, until her eyes glazed over and she let out a howl of joy as a huge orgasm took hold of her. Ever since being fucked by Torren she had become addicted to having different men's cocks inside of her, loving the feeling of cumming around a stranger's dick.

Her pussy clamping on his prick sent the guard over the edge. He growled in appreciation as his dick swelled and began to spurt load after load of jizz deep inside the queen. After a few more thrusts the guard was finally spent, pulling his cock out of her with a soft plop sound which left his spunk to seep out of her freshly fucked cunt and trickle down her bare legs.

"My turn," came the voice of another guard, as he stepped forward and undid his breaches, exposing his rock hard cock right in front of Cathelyn.

"Please, my pussy is sore," she croaked, still recovering from the orgasm the other guard had given her.

"Fine," barked the guard, "I'll fuck your other hole."

He moved behind the former Queen and spat into his hand, before spreading her cheeks and pressing the gob of saliva up against her arsehole.

"No, not there!" Cathelyn cried. She had been routinely defiled by these brutes in her mouth and pussy, but no-one had touched her there. You were not meant to touch a woman there. The former queen had heard that men of a certain persuasion were known to fuck each other's arseholes, but in her mind that was a sinful thing to do.

Now she was about to experience the same sin as the guard lined up his prick with her anal entrance. He pushed forward, savouring the resistance her virgin arsehole was giving his dick. 

Cathleyn screamed out in pain as she felt his battering ram of a cock push harder and harder, stretching her arsehole more and more. Finally he managed to fit the head of his dick inside her, before piling in further.

The pain was extraordinary for Cathelyn as he tore into her. It felt like her entire arsehole was on fire as inch by inch he slowly but surely buried his cock inside her rectum. 

The guard grunted in delight at how tight this hole felt, like a young virgin's cunt. He knew it was not natural to fuck a woman here, but the way her arsehole gripped his cock felt incredible.

After finally reaching the hilt, he began to slowly saw back and forth inside the former queen's bum. She wailed in agony as he fucked her arsehole, thrusting into her again and again.

"Not so high and mighty now, are you," he growled as he continued to pile into her, "what kind of queen lets herself get fucked in the arse."

"Ow, ow, ow!" she screamed. The pain was less intense as before, but the humiliation of what he was doing to her body remained.

"Stop!" she cried out.

And he did.

Cathlelyn turned her head round, confused. She didn't think her pleas would actually work. The guard's dick remained buried deep inside her arse, but he wasn't looking at her. He was staring straight towards the entrance to the cell.

Cathelyn looked over to see a group of dark-skinned soldiers at the entrance. They must be from Karnon. But what were they doing here? How did they get inside the castle?

One of them spoke.

"Step away from the former Queen Cathelyn," he said. 

"On whose orders?" snarled the guard.

"On those of her sister, Princess Stefanie, and our king, Abilo. We have defeated the despot ruler Torren's men and captured this castle. Stand down and we will spare your life."

"I'm not surrendering to any black fuckers like you," shouted the guard. He pulled his dick out of Cathleyn and reached for his sword, but the other soldiers were too quick for him and cut him down. 

Cathelyn looked over at the lifeless guard crumpled on the floor. A few seconds ago he had been inside her. Now he had been slain.

The Karnon soldiers went over and released her from the stocks before giving her a cloak to wrap round her naked, pregnant body.

"Don't worry," said the Karnon soldier to her. "You are safe now."

---

Six months later...

Lorena walked up the aisle as the wedding organ played, stepping forward tentatively towards the bright future that awaited her. 

She was surrounded by wedding guests, a mix of Nordheim and Karnon nobles. As she approached the altar she saw her sister Cathelyn. Her older sibling, once more dressed in opulent robes, smiled sweetly at her, while the dark haired son that she had given birth to not long ago suckled on her breast.

On the other side of the aisle stood her other sister Stefanie. She was bedazzled in a royal gown befitting of her new status as Queen of Nordheim and Karnon. And right beside her stood her new husband, King Abilo, who jointly ruled both kingdoms with her.

Stefanie too smiled at Lorena, all the while rubbing her protruding stomach, evidence of her second child that was conceived on her wedding night with Abilo three months ago.

Walking forward, she finally came face to face with the man she was to marry, the man she had loved for so long, Henry the servant. After Torren perished in the blaze at Flenhorn Forest, and the liberation of Nordheim by the Karnon soldiers, Lorena had become a widow.

The bastard tyrant who had impregnated her was gone but not forgotten, as each day the son he has placed inside her grew and grew. Finally she gave birth to a dark haired boy, just like he promised, and despite everything Torren had done to her and her family, she deeply loved the son they had made together.

But with her husband deceased she was free to marry again, and with peace across Nordheim once more, the new Queen Stefanie finally granted her the thing she most desired, to be married to the man of her dreams.

She looked into his eyes now as they exchanged vows. She could hardly believe it was actually happening. All the pain, suffering and humiliation she had gone through was worth it now, to finally be able to wed the man she loved.

"I now pronounce you husband and wife" said the high priest conducting the wedding ceremony. "You may now kiss the bride".

Lorena and Henry looked deeply into one another's eyes, before moving their lips towards one another, locking in a tender, loving embrace. A kiss that sealed their bright, beautiful future together.

---

Little did they know it, but King Edmin's three daughters were at the same time engaging in sexual encounters.

For Princess Cathleyn, it was definitely more a pleasure than a chore. Her naked body was currently bent over her bed with her legs spread wide, mewling incessantly as she revelled in the sensation of having the stranger behind her pushing his cock deep inside her tight cunt.

The bed chamber was filled with his grunts and her moans as he pounded her from behind again and again, along with the slapping of skin on skin as he bumped up against her arse repeatedly with each hard thrust.

Ever since she had been raped by her bastard half-brother Torren, she had become addicted to having different men take her, consume her, fill her. And only from behind. She loved nothing more than to feel a man ravish her with her back turned to him, enjoying the feeling of the stranger grabbing on to her hips as his dick pummeled her pussy, breeding her like the filthy slut she had become.

Her release from bondage had not changed that. The only difference was she chose the man she wanted to be fucked by each night. Years of loyal marriage had now collapsed into nightly sessions of debauched depravity.

And witness to it all was her husband, the Duke of Glennister. It turned out that not only was the stupid old fool not bothered by her extramarital affairs, but deeply aroused by it. Not that it made a difference to Cathelyn. She would have a different man fuck her every night whether her husband liked it or not.

The Duke sat in a chair beside the bed with his breaches undone, frantically masturbating his pathetic dick to the sight of his wife being fucked from behind by this stranger. Cathelyn looked at him and smirked as her body jolted forward and backward on the bed from the man's rhythmic thrusts, her large tits bouncing about under the intense fucking she was receiving.

The man picked up his pace as his cock swelled inside of her. She could feel he was close, and moved a hand over to rub her stomach. It was currently flat once more, after she had given birth to her third child, a dark-haired son, three months ago. 

But she wanted more. She craved this man's seed. Desiring nothing more than to feel him shoot his sperm inside her and impregnate her again - a third different man to have bred her and filled her womb with a baby.

"I'm going to cum," grunted the man ramming his dick inside her.

"That's it. Fill me. Fuck a baby into me," she screamed.

The man pistoned into her furiously as he felt his balls boil and his body tingle. And then he came. An explosion of sperm flooded her womb as his dick spurted his baby-making batter inside her again and again.

The sight of watching this stranger inseminate his wife sent the Duke of Glennister over the edge. His tiny dick convulsed as white cum dribbled out of his prick - a waste of his seed. No longer would he have the chance to impregnate his wife. He could only watch as other men took on that honour.

As the stranger pulled his cock out of her, Cathelyn rolled over onto her back and put her hand down to feel the creamy deposit in her cunt. She hoped and prayed she was pregnant again.

---

Pregnant, just like her sister, the Queen Stefanie. Her moans filled the royal bedchamber as she bounced up and down on her husband, King's Abilo's monstrous black dick.

He looked up to savour the sight before him. After freeing Nordheim he had united the nation with Karnon and become its joint ruler along with his new wife, Queen Stefanie. He was pretty certain their first night as husband and wife had ended up with the conception of their child, which was already starting to show in the three-month baby bump emanating from Stefanie's stomach as her beautiful naked body continued to rhythmically rock up and down on his huge prick.

His black hands reached up to caress her growing, white stomach, her large, milky breasts and her cropped blonde hair. 

Stefanie groaned in delight as she felt Abilo's dick completely fill her. After all her years of slutty behaviour and fucking different men, she had never believed she would one day settle on one man to mate with for life, producing his heirs. 

The first son she had given birth to back in Karnon, a dark haired bastard, had not been her choice. But the mixed race baby, half white and half black, that day by day grew inside her, made her the happiest woman in the world. The child born in six months time would one day rule, regardless of whether it was a boy or a girl. A light brown baby that would symbolise the unification of Nordheim and Karnon and the two kingdom's peaceful and prosperous future.

But that was months away, and all that mattered to her now was attaining a mind-bending, earth-shattering orgasm. She continued to ride her man, savouring the sensation of being on top once more - being in control.

Abilo happily obliged. He had the most beautiful woman in the land riding his cock and providing him with heirs. What more could he ask for.

She rapidly bounced on his member, her pink cunt lips clamping down on his dark-skinned shaft as it slid up and down, up and down, up and down. The head of his dick filled her up, ramming her g-spot each time she bounced until she was struck by thunder as an almighty orgasm electrified her body.

Every part of her convulsed and her eyes glazed over as it seared straight through her, causing her to howl in extacy. The sight of this beautiful woman possessed by her orgasm sent Abilo over the edge, as his body also became electrified with the sensation of cumming.

His gigantic cock swelled to unimaginable proportions as a mountain of sperm blasted out of him, an avalanche of cum that spurted deep inside Stefanie. The two panted and moaned in shared bliss as they felt their bodies fuse into a sweaty, sticky pool of sex. Two human beings biologically entwined by their primal urges.

After their orgasms finally subsided, Stefanie leaned down to tenderly kiss her beloved, while his hands caressed her swollen belly, the evidence of their love that day by day they grew closer to meeting.

---

Princess Lorena was also tenderly kissing her new husband, Henry. Their lips were locked together, tongues dancing, their mouths intimately savouring the taste of each other. Finally, after years of yearning, against all odds, they were together as man and wife. Finally they could consummate the love they felt for each other.

Henry's hands currently held the side of his wife as they embraced, before moving up to touch her breasts through her silky, white wedding dress. She similarly moved her hands down from touching the sides of his wedding robes, along his chiselled chest and taut stomach, until she felt the rock-hard bulge emanating from his groin.
