 As always, for Julie.

You're standing on the platform, waiting for the train. It's an unusual day, you had the opportunity to get away early, and he was able to clear his afternoon as well. A perfect meeting of need and opportunity, far to rare to pass up. It's early afternoon, so you expect the train to be mostly empty, although you really don't know, this isn't your usual train, you're meeting him, you'll spend the afternoon together, and then he'll drive you to your normal station and your car.

The train pulls in and you board. Climbing to the second level, you notice the train is indeed mostly empty, in your car there is only a couple of women, sitting together on the lower level, at the far end of the car, surrounded by shopping bags. Clearly a successful hunt for them. You settle in and present your ticket to the conductor, he punches it and you're left basically alone. You watch out the window, this isn't your normal trip, so there's plenty of new and different things to see.

Your phone rings and you look, seeing his name on your caller id you smile.

"Hey"

"Hi there,, on your way?"

"Yes, just got under way a couple minutes ago."

Excellent. What are you doing?"

"Nothing, just watching the scenery go by, I don't usually go this way you know."

"I know. Thought maybe you might be daydreaming, even fantasizing about this afternoon."

Laughing, "What makes you think I haven't been?"

"What are you wearing today?"

"Just what you asked, Long skirt, white blouse, boots. "

"Hmmm, anyone around you?"

"No, why?"

"I want you to take off your panties."

Laughing, "What makes you think I'm wearing any?"

"You are, you can't fool me."

"You're right,, but I can't take them off here!"

"Why not, you said no one's around,, and you're wearing a long skirt, no one will know except us."

Pausing, thinking, considering.....

"Okay, give me a second, I have to put the phone down."

You look back down the length of the car, the women are still there chatting quietly, for all intents and purposes you're alone. You reach under your skirt, lifting yourself from the hard plastic seat. Hooking your thumbs under the waistband, you pull your panties down, noticing that you've already left a damp spot on them. He always gets you excited, the juices start to flow whenever you're in contact, and this time is no different. You pull the panties quickly down your legs, lifting them off one leg at a time, over your boots. You stuff them quickly in your coat pocket and settle back down, checking again on your oblivious fellow passengers.

"Okay, done. I'm all commando for you."

Laughing, "See that wasn't that hard now was it?"

"Lucky for you the train is basically empty."

Mmmm, no, lucky for you.

"Okay you got my panties off, now what?"

"What do you think my dear,, only reason to take them off is to either gain access or to pee, and I think you can guess which."

"I can't do that here!"

"Why not, no one was there to see you pull off your panties, so know who will see you touch yourself."

He's right, as always, damn him! How can you deny him, you're committed to fulfilling his every desire, just as he is to yours, and besides you know you want it just as badly as he does. Your juices are flowing freely now, the excitement and danger combining with your need to pleasure yourself and fulfill his wishes. You position your skirt so that the long slit down the side is more conveniently placed for your access. You run your hand along your thigh, trailing the light coating of your juices, following the trail to the source, running your fingertips lightly over your smooth, hairless pussy. It feels so good, so wicked, so scary, so exhilarating. You slide a finger inside, spreading your lips ever so slightly.

"Are you doing it?"

"Hmmm, yes."

"Tell me."

"I'm wet, it's so slippery and it feels so good, it's such a release."

"Keep going."

"I'm sliding a finger in, now two. Ungh, it's so good, but it's hard to do this and talk. And besides, I have to be quiet too!"

"You're doing fine baby, keep going."

"I have to stop the train is slowing for a stop."

The train slows and you can see several people on the platform. You hope your car will pass them by, you need to get back, to have your fingers dancing over your clit, along your soft wet lips. You take a moment to slide a finger back in, just as the train shudders to a stop. You dip your finger inside your pussy, wetting it completely. Pulling it out, you bring it to your lips, tasting your sweet nectar.

"I do taste good, you know that?"

"Yes I do know that. And know that I'm jealous of you right now that you get a taste and I have to wait."

"I'll make it up to you."

"I know you will. "

A man enters the train car, sitting below and opposite of you. He's an older man who engrosses himself immediately in his newspaper, never looking up or even acknowledging your presence.

"Playtime's over lover, I've got company."

"Someone close?"

"Close enough, he's on the lower level, couple seats down. He can see me if he looks up."

"What's he doing?"

"Nothing, just reading the paper."

The conductor passes through, taking the man's ticket. He glances up at you and smiles, nothing special, just a man smiling at a pretty girl. You hear the doors close and the train pulls away, building speed.

"Back on our way, I should be there in about 10 minutes."

"Yep, plenty of time to finish."

"I told you, I can't.. this guy can see me."

"He can only see you if he looks."

Do I dare? What if he looks up? What if he sees me?

This is crazy. This is exciting. This is stupid. This is sexy.

"Okay, but I have to be real quiet and real careful."

"Of course."

"I'm sliding my fingers back in, John I'm so wet, this is so crazy."

"I can picture you,, wish I was there."

One finger becomes two, and you start to thrust them in and out, faster and deeper. Your thumb rubs against your clit, causing even more sensations to wash over you.

You reach up and squeeze your breasts, pinching and pulling on your nipples. You're totally caught up in the moment as the orgasms build, you're starting to cum and there's no stopping it now.

"Oh God, it's so good,,, I wish you were here, inside me."

"I wish I was too Julie."

You open your eyes and look down at the man below. To your sudden surprise you realize he's no longer reading his paper, he's not even pretending, he's staring straight up at you. He can't see perfectly what you're doing, but it's plainly obvious. You're horrified and embarrassed all at once, but those thoughts evaporate almost immediately. You're filled with a sense of lustful adventure.. you want to cum, you want your lover to hear, and you want this total stranger to be witness to it all.

"John, I'm almost there."

"Good."

"He's watching me."

"Who?"

"The man down below."

"Are you okay with that?"

"Yes, it's exciting, and I want him to see me."

Your fingers are stroking in and out now,, in a perfect timed rhythm. All pretense is gone, the stranger is watching you intently, and you spread your legs, moving the skirt so he can get a better look. You moan softly, not wanting to attract anymore attention. He smiles up at you.

Your orgasm comes quick and hard, washing over your entire body. Every nerve ending tingles as you cum, your fingers quickly soaked. You rub your clit one more time and shudder at the intensity of the feeling. You lean back tingling from head to toe. You pull your skirt back in place, covering your nakedness. You pull the panties from your pocket and wipe your fingers, then put them back in your pocket.

Looking down at the stranger he smiles, and winks at you, then picks up his paper like nothing had ever happened.

"Julie,baby are you okay?"

"God yes, I'm great. You might have to come help me off the train though."

Laughing

"Anything for you sweetie."

"And anything for you too."

"I'll be there in just a couple minutes."

"I'm waiting for you."

The train slows and pulls into the station. You gather yourself, smoothing your skirt.

Gathering up your things, you make your way down to the lower level, timing it so that you'll be at the door when the train stops. The stranger gets up behind you, folding his paper and collecting his coat. He stops behind you, standing at the door, waiting for the train to stop. The train stops and you get off, right into his arms. The stranger gets off behind you, pausing for a moment he turns and speaks.

"Thank you miss, that was a memory I'll never forget. Take care of that lady young man, you have yourself someone special there."

You smile, "Thank you"

He smiles as well, "Don't you worry, we take very good care of each other."

Not a bad start to the afternoon.......