 Author's note: This is the first of five chapters in a medieval-set story with a strong impregnation/breeding fetish focus. This is also my first ever erotic story, so any feedback would be much appreciated.

*****

Chapter One: Promised

King Edmin fidgeted impatiently on the throne. Ruling over his kingdom of Nordheim was a truly tiresome business. Listening to his advisors; discussing budgets and taxes, conflicts and diplomacy, pageants and feasts. 

There were only two things he enjoyed in the world - hunting wild animals in Flenhorn Forest and fucking his beautiful wife, the Queen Maureen. 

With a raging storm outside there was no chance of the former. The latter on the other hand was very close to hand. 

He just had to grant an audience to one more emissary, from the neighboring Kingdom of Karnon. Then he could retire for the day from his duties and return to his bedchambers, where his golden blonde spouse of the past five years would be waiting for him.

He would soon be kissing her soft, pink lips; taking off her fine garments until she lay naked before him. He would then caress her long slender legs, massage her supple breasts, and savour the sweet nectar of her moist cunt with his tongue before his rock-hard cock would penetrate her folds and...

"The Emissary from Karnon is here your majesty," said one of Edmin's servants, interrupting his sweet daydream.

"Go on, send him in!" the king barked back as he shifted uncomfortably in the throne, trying as best he could to cover his raging erection. The man quickly scurried over to open the big wooden door of the throne room. In strode a thin, dark man wrapped in what appeared to be dirty white sheets. 

Edmin observed the ebony individual approaching. Visitors from Karnon were a rare sight in Nordheim; the dark-skinned people from the south a complete contrast from the white, fair-haired people of his dominion. 

And in Edmin's mind he wanted as little to do with them as possible. Savages is what he saw them as, with their stark lives, simple clothes and strange customs. They had no castles, palaces or cathedrals - surely the only sign of a true civilization?

Yet they were well known for their ferocious fighting forces. An alliance was important. Better to have these beasts on our side than against us.

The visitor bowed before beginning to speak. "Greetings your majesty, I am an emissary from the Kingdom of Karnon. King Mukisa values the warm friendship between the people of Karnon and Nordheim. He wishes to further strengthen the ties between our two great Kingdoms with a proposal of marriage.

"The king's son, Prince Abilo, is still but a child. But one day he will be not just a man, but heir to the throne and future ruler of Karnon. 

"You have two young daughters of a similar age. My king proposes that your eldest, Princess Cathelyn, be betrothed to the prince, and when both become adults they may wed, cementing the strong alliance between our peoples."

Edmin slouched back in his throne, regarding the proposal with contempt. He very well understood the true meaning of this offer.

Yes, he had two daughters. But alas, no sons. The only area where the Queen had failed him as a wife so far was in providing a true heir. If she could not provide him with male offspring, then Cathelyn, and whoever she was married to, would rule after him. This is a mere ploy for Karnon to one day rule over Nordheim! There was no way Edmin would ever let that happen.

"I appreciate King Mukisa's warm words and appreciate his offer of alliance," Edmin began. "But my eldest daughter Cathelyn is already promised to another, the Duke of Glenister."

She wasn't, but that could easily change. The Duke was a meek individual, but a rich one. Already a young man, he would have to wait for Cathelyn to grow up. But once they were married, he would ensure the Kingdom's coffers remained well-stocked. Most importantly, he was of pure Nordheim bloodline. Not a dirty savage from down south.

"Oh...I see, my congratulations to the Duke. I was not aware such an announcement had been made," said the emissary, surprised to hear the news.

"But you do have another daughter, Princess Stefanie. King Mukisa would happily wed his son to her instead."

Now it was Edmin's turn to be surprised. He had assumed the marriage proposal for Cathelyn was a ploy for the throne. But Stefanie? She was of no importance - just another Princess who would live at court, wed a noble and provide him with children. There would be no value in Mukisa's son marrying her.

Yet the thought of it still disgusted him. The idea that as an adult she would take a black man as husband and dilute their proud lineage by producing half-black children was unthinkable.

Edmin's outrage began to show. "Once again, I appreciate the offer from King Mukisa. But tell him I have no plans to wed my children to any of his," he snarled at the emissary.

"Thank you for your audience your majesty. I will relay this to my king," the dark stranger cooly replied. And with that, he turned round and left the throne room.

-

Edmin ascended the steps up to his bedchambers as quickly as he could. His impatience was boiling over after the day's events, and all he wanted was to see, touch, ravish his wife as soon as possible.

He opened the door and stepped inside. Queen Maureen sat at the bedside mirror, her back turned to him as she delicately brushed her long, golden hair. 

"How are you my King?" she softly asked, while continuing to brush.

"Annoyed. The King of Karnon proposed to me I wed one of our daughters to his son. The cheek of it!" he replied.

"You refused?"

"Of course. Can't have our proud bloodline mixing with those inferior to us."

Queen Maureen was not surprised. The people of Nordheim kept to themselves. Her parents were white and fair haired, as was her husband and her children. And she was certain that in time her grandchildren would be the same.

"It's obvious what he is playing at. He wants to exploit our daughters so that his son would have a claim to our Kingdom," huffed Edmin.

Maureen turned around to face her husband - her king. She had deep green eyes, thin nose and narrow lips. Her finely brushed, golden hair cascaded down onto her silky robes. A true beauty, Edmin had felt himself the luckiest man alive when they had wed five years ago.

She had provided everything for him except the one thing he most desired, a son. Despite frequent lovemaking, conception had been difficult. She had provided him with two daughters, but no male heir. 

It was as if she could read his mind. "Fear not, my love - I will deliver you a son."

"When?" he shot back, a little too curtly.

"Perhaps tonight."

A faint smile appeared across her lips as she got up and walked over to her husband. He put his hands on her sides as she looked up deeply into his eyes.

"It has been two weeks since my last moon-blood and I feel warm and tingly all over my love. My fertile body is in heat and needs you inside of me."

Her words had an immediate effect. Maureen could feel straight away her King's cock pushing from his breaches and softly stabbing her stomach. He immediately began to undress her, peeling back her robes to reveal her large, juicy breasts. Childbirth had caused them to slightly sag, but in his mind it made them all the more appetising.

Edmin took her left tit into his mouth, then the right, suckling at her hard nipples. She gasped as his other hand went down towards her pussy, probing her moist folds as he stuck first one, then two fingers inside.

Maureen stepped back and lied down on the bed, revealing the glory of her perfect body to Edmin. He pulled off his own robes and pulled down his breaches, his dick springing up at full attention. Pre-cum oozed from the tip in anticipation at what was to come. He was going to impregnate his wife once more. Third time lucky. His son would soon be growing inside of her.

The two naked rulers merged into one as Edmin lowered himself on top of his Queen. She spread her legs further to accommodate his body as he lined up his cock with her waiting entrance.

Electricity surged between both of them as his tip touched her folds. In position, he pushed forward, feeling her glorious pussy envelop his member. He sunk further and further in, causing them both to moan their approval as he went up to the hilt. His sword was sheathed within her - back in the place it belonged.

The two looked into one another's eyes again. "Put a son in me," Maureen cooed. Edmin didn't need to be told twice. He began to push back and forth, sliding his cock in and out of her sweet cunt. 

Even after all these years, she still felt amazing. Her pussy lips, while not as tight as they were when first wed, still clamped down on his cock as he penetrated her deeper and deeper. 

His left hand explored her body, savouring her mouth, her neck, her breasts, her legs. While his right hand held firmly on to her behind, making sure that each thrust of his dick went as deep as possible.

Her moans grew louder and louder as her orgasm took hold. "I'm cumming, I'm cumming," she sighed as her cunt contracted around his dick. It sent Edmin over the edge.

This was it. The conclusion to their lovemaking. He thrust harder and harder until his body tightened and his dick spasmed. The pent-up cum within him gushed out into her accepting body, coating her fertile insides with his potent semen. Spurt after spurt, hitting her cervix, seeping into her womb, making her once more a mother.

The King looked down upon his wife and smiled, His hand gently traced over her currently flat stomach. "I can't wait to meet our son," he said.

-

"It's a girl."

At first Edmin pretended he didn't hear it. It must be a joke. 

"What was that?" he stammered.

"It is a girl, your majesty," the servant timidly replied.

The king looked dumbstruck. How could this have happened? How could she have done this to him again? His own wife, betraying him by providing him with yet another daughter.

"Queen Maureen says that the new princess shall be called Lorena. Would you like to go see her?" said the servant, his voice getting quieter and quieter as he felt the rage bubbling up inside the monarch.

"No, I do not want to see HER!" Edmin barked. And with that, he stormed out of the palace.

-

Flenforn Forest looked beautiful at this time of year. The verdant greens of summer had given way to the rich browns of Autumn, as golden leaves fell off the trees and blanketed the forest floor. 

The only problem was the creeping mist that was slowly but surely enveloping the woods. A bad day for a hunt, but Edmin didn't care. After being informed of the devastating news about his newborn, he seeked solace away from the royal court. A hunt focused the mind, and a kill would stem his anger.

Onward he rode his horse deeper and deeper into the forest. There was a clearing not far from here, and as it was rutting season, there would be plenty of stags around for him to chase and hunt down.

As he galloped forward, something caught the corner of his eye. Edmin looked towards the undergrowth to see a doe emerge. She was a strange sight - dark brown in colour with slender legs and big, alluring eyes. The king had never seen anything like it.

The doe stared straight at him, unafraid, almost inviting. Edmin gingerly trotted closer, not wanting to spook the enchanting creature. But in an instant, the doe spun round and sprang off deep in the forest.

Edmin immediately galloped after her, the woods getting darker and darker as the gnarled trees blocked out the sunlight. And the mist here was thicker, a dense fog that shrouded all around him. 

The king was completely lost, not sure where to go or what was around him. Suddenly a twig snapped in the distance. Edmin charged forwards towards where the sound was coming from.

The mist disappeared and he found himself in the clearing he had been looking for. But there were no stags to be found. Instead, right in the middle of the open space was a tiny thatched hut.

Edmin looked on perplexed. He knew Flenhorn like the back of his hand, and he had never seen this hut before. It was forbidden. These were his royal hunting grounds and no-one was allowed to live here.

He stepped off his horse and walked towards the entrance. Standing outside the door he bellowed, "Who is unlawfully residing inside the king's wood? I demand you open the door and reveal yourself!"

The door creaked open. Edmin's jaw dropped at what stood before him. It was a woman who stood at the entrance of the hut, but she was unlike any woman Edmin had ever seen. She had a tall, slender body covered in what looked like dirty, lacy rags, the thin material clinging to her body and barely concealing her shapely breasts and wide hips. 

Her hair was even dirtier and more distressed than her clothes, a knotted tangle of greasy dark brown hair that fell over her shoulders and frayed out in all directions. Her olive skin marked her as a foreign stranger. As did her huge eyes, a rich brown colour that matched the surrounding forest. 

Her nose was hooked, with underneath a set of vicious teeth that produced a crooked smile. She spoke in a thick, foreign accent.

"My king, I have been waiting for you."

Edmin was taken aback, completely entranced by the exotic creature in front of him. 

"What do you mean, you've been waiting for me?"

"After the birth of you daughter, I knew you would come here to the forest to hunt. Well, you've found your prey."

"What are you talking about? How on Earth do you know?"

"I know many things my king. That you feel your wife has betrayed you. That you fear for the future of your kingdom. That more than anything in the world, you want a son."

Edmin stared at the bewitching entity in front of her, mesmerised by her presence.

"Yes, more than anything I need a male heir."

"A wish that I am happy to oblige you with my king."

And with that the woman sultrily walked up towards the king. She placed both her hands on Edmin's face and stared deep into his eyes.

"I will give you a son to rule. He will be born a bastard but become a king. His seed will spread far and wide. Your legacy will live on for generations."

It was taking Edmin every ounce of energy to resist this alluring woman. She must be a witch. Who else could cast a spell on him like this.

"No, no - my wife. I have been loyal to her my entire life."

"You have loved her and she has failed you. Fuck me and I will give you what you desire most of all."

Her hands moved down Edmin's body, caressing his shoulders, his chest, before reaching his groin. She could feel his prick growing and growing inside them like a mighty tree trunk, her hand grasping it through the fabric.

"Yes, yes," he whispered. He was hypnotised by her - her face, her body, her smell. Everything about her screamed sex.

Her other hand grabbed his, and she began leading him to the edge of the clearing, towards the biggest, most gnarled tree in the area. She let go of his hand and bent over.

With her other hand, she hitched up the thin, dirty rags she was wearing to expose her sex to the king, before placing both her palms on the trunk of the tree.

Edmin shook his head in disbelief. An hour ago, he was outside his wife's bedchambers, hearing her scream as she gave birth to a disappointing daughter. Now he was in the middle of the forest, with a stranger bent over and asking him to inseminate her.

As a king he could fuck whoever he wanted. But he had never strayed outside his marriage. He loved his wife deeply and had expected to honour their weddings vows until the day he died.

But here was this woman in front of him; an exotic, disheveled beauty who had promised him a son. And not just any son, a son who would rule the kingdom after him. He would be born a bastard, evidence of his sinful infidelity. But he would finally have what he'd always wanted.

Edmin stared at the exposed sex in front of him. Her pussy was just like her head - dark and hairy, a knotted mess of a cunt. Her pussy lips quivered and glistened, beckoning him towards her.

He could resist no more. He unlaced his breaches so that they fell down towards his ankles. His manhood came free, exposed to the chilly autumnal air. His whole cock was painfully hard, pulsing with anticipation. 

He moved in close behind her. He could feel the heat of her body, the grease of her hair, the sweaty stench of her clothes. His prick rubbed up and down her slit, coating himself in her juices.

One push and his faithfulness to his wife was over. There would be no going back. The woman turned her head and looked back at Edmin.

"Fuck me."

He thrust inside of her, his cock stretching out her perfect pussy as it engulfed him. The sensation was astounding. It drove the king insane.

He began to pound the pussy in front of him relentlessly, like a feral animal in heat. Her vice-like pussy, her dishevelled look, her sensual moans - everything about her was sex. She was a bitch begging to be bred. He was a beast who had only one purpose, to mate this woman in front of him and give her his seed.

His balls slapped her arse as he slammed his body into her again and again. He howled in bestial fury as his cock ploughed her. This was the best sex of his life. This was what sex was meant to be. A man and a woman in heat mating furiously - carrying out their biological destiny.

The pressure building up inside of him was enormous. As he thrust again and again his body began to tingle all over. First in his toes, then his feet, then it worked up his legs to his torso, and finally his head.

He was on fire. Every fibre of his being had worked up to this moment, the one he had waited his entire life for. The passing of his genes onto another to create the offspring he most desired.

"That's it my king. Impregnate this bitch. Plant your seed deep inside of me and fill me with your son."

"Yes, yes, YES," the king screamed. His body began to shake. The whole ground began to shake. His cum coursed from his balls, up through his rigid prick and then like a geyser shot out violently from the end of his cock, a violent eruption of semen that spat out angrily into the stranger he was fucking. Spurt. Spurt. Spurt. Wave after wave of jizz unleashed from deep inside the king, never seeming to stop.

The witch began to laugh, a throaty, maniacal giggle as she felt his seed swamp her insides, flooding her pussy, submerging her cervix, drowning her womb. His semen had finally found a worthy host. Her egg was being invaded, accepting his genes. And together, it was creating the child he had always wanted.

After the eruption finally ended, the king staggered back. With a plop sound, his engorged member fell out of her pussy. He saw his cum gushing out of her, a creamy waterfall of potent seed falling onto the leaves below. 

He stumbled to the forest floor and began to lose consciousness. Up above him stood the witch, rubbing her stomach and continuing to laugh - lost in hysteria. She looked down at her belly and spoke to the new life that was now forming within her.

"My son. All this shall one day be yours."

To be continued...