 Chapter 1: Veronica

I love big women. Let me correct that, I love women, but especially big women. I don't know exactly when my love for larger lovely ladies started, but I can more or less trace the development of that preference. I remember that as a boy I was interested in thin and average size girls, but by the time I entered high school I was almost exclusively dating larger girls. A pretty face was still important, but girls with big butts and big tits received the most attention from me. I became known for dating the chubby cheerleader type--pretty, popular, athletic girls who carried a few extra pounds and carried it very well. None of my friends understood this preference, and I am not sure that I did either. 

My college years were a smorgasbord of sexual experimentation. I dated girls of all colors, shapes and sizes. (Dating is a euphemism, of course, for all sorts of relationships, from serious near-monogamy to one night stands, and everything in between). I don't specifically recall any skinny girls making it to my bedroom, but in that smoky haze and alcohol-soaked environment I cannot rule it out either. But by the time I graduated from college I knew what kind of women I preferred: Dark-haired women of any race with big tits, fat asses, meaty thighs, and some padding around the middle. I was a firm believer in the saying, "more cushion for the pushin'."

Over the next four years I indulged my sexual appetites with a steady stream of voluptuous women. Sometimes for only one night, sometimes for a week or even for a few months. I pursued bosomy, big butt women with ample thighs and soft bellies. My address book contained no hard bodies, no bikini models, no women who shopped in the juniors department. I knew what I liked, and I indulged myself with abandon.

I was in my late 20s when I met Maria. She is a Mexican BBW, with long black wavy hair, a 38D chest, an ample backside, and thick delicious thighs. She was a virgin when we met, but eager to change her status. We spent the night together on our second date, and a year later we were engaged. We married, moved away, started our careers, and started a family. 

Now, at this point I have to candidly admit that I have struggled with monogamy throughout our marriage. I do not actively seek out women, but I find myself unable to resist when I am pursed by a gorgeous BBW, especially if she is latin, african-american, or just has dark hair and a pretty face. I have succumbed to temptation more than once during my marriage, even though I try to stay faithful. 

As our careers flourished and our family grew, it became necessary to look for a new home. We found exactly what we were looking for in a new development located only one mile from our old home. We moved into our dream home 4 years ago, right at the peak of the real estate bubble. Since we were so close to our old neighborhood, I maintained most of my old friendships and made new friends only with the neighbors closest to our new house. Maria is much more social than I am, however, and within 12 months had befriended almost every woman in the nearly 100 home development. 

Maria's closest friend in our new neighborhood became a young Latin woman named Veronica. This friendship was unusual for several reasons. Veronica lives six blocks from us, on the last street in this development. That was not the strange part, however. Veronica is only 27 years of age, nearly 20 years younger than Maria. Veronica is also divorced, having been married for a few months shortly after she graduated from high school. Almost all of our friends are married. In fact, most of our friends are married couples around our age. It is not that we discriminate against singles, it is just that we are at a stage of our lives where most of our entertaining involves other couples and their families. Finally, in the three years that Maria and Veronica have been close friends, I have never met Veronica. Most of the time Maria goes to Veronica's house, or the two of them meet somewhere. I know that Veronica has in fact been to the house, as all of our children know her, but she and I have never met. 

That changed about six months ago. Veronica hosted a party for all the women in the neighborhood, and my wife was called upon to help with the hosting duties. The party was held on a Friday evening in the early spring. It was a pleasantly mild evening, so Maria walked over to the party in order to save the limited parking spaces for other guests. I remained at home, drinking scotch on the rocks and watching the NHL playoffs. The party was supposed to last until around 11 or 12, which meant that I would get to watch the entire game before Maria returned.

I was mildly surprised when the telephone rang at about 10:30. It was Maria, asking me to come and pick her up in a half hour. I did not notice, but an early spring shower had rolled in, and she did not want to walk home in the rain. I quickly grabbed my keys, jumped into the car, and drove over to Veronica's house. I had to park several doors down from the party, as the driveway and the street were filled with cars. As a consequence, I was soaked when I reached the front door. 

I rang the doorbell and almost immediately a tall young woman with long, wavy black hair and wearing a sheer white robe answered the door. 

"You must be Mike," she said, taking me by the hand and leading me into the house.

"Yes," I said, more than a little taken aback. 

"I'm Veronica. Maria has told me so much about you. She must have called you to come and save her from a walk home in the rain?"

"Uh, yeah," I managed to stammer. I was not expecting to find myself facing a tall, gorgeous, lingerie-clad BBW. Veronica towered over me, standing at least six feet tall. She had a stunningly beautiful face and long dark curls of hair tumbling to the middle of her back. She was wearing a sheer, shimmering, silk robe that reached almost to the floor. Underneath the robe she was wearing a white baby doll nightie. I could not make out the details of her curves, but she was obviously a plus size woman. Looking down, I saw that she was wearing ridiculously high heels, or what I call "stripper shoes." That accounted for some of her height, but even without the shoes she was at least 5'9". I estimated her weight to be about 220 lbs, but I am really not very good at guessing a woman's weight. 

"Let me put you in this room. I don't want the other girls to know that you are here, or they might become intimidated. It took us a few hours to rid the ladies of all their inhibitions. If the girls see you, some of them may get shy again."

She led me by the hand to a bedroom in the front of the house, far from the party taking place in the back area. I noticed a few other woman wearing lingerie, but no one seemed to notice me before I was whisked away from the guests.

"Have a seat in here. Maria is helping me take orders, she will probably be busy for another 20-30 minutes. Can I get you something to drink? "

"Do you have any scotch?"

"No. Sorry"

"Red wine?"

"No."

"Beer?"

"Light beer."

"Ok, just bring me whatever you have."

Almost twenty minutes later she returned with my beer. This time she was wearing a red corset, matching red panties, black fishnet stockings, and those same stripper shoes. I could make out her curves much more clearly now. She was definitely a BBW, but she did not have precisely the body shape that I find so irresistible. She had creamy smooth caramel colored skin, rather broad shoulders, and nice but not huge boobs that the corset was doing its best to push up and out. Her waistline was almost straight down from her shoulders with no discernible taper, her tummy bulged imperceptibly, and her hips flared only slightly. Her butt, though wide, was a little flatter than I liked. But she had gorgeous, sexy legs extending from the bottom of the corset, and very attractive feet. I am not a foot person, but I can admire a pair of sexy feet, and she definitely had such a pair.

"I'll bet you thought I forgot about you," she said, handing me a slightly warm beer. "Sorry, I had to change again and make another pass down the runway."

My curiosity overwhelmed me. "What kind of party is this?"

"Maria didn't tell you? I'm hosting a lingerie and toy party with my girlfriend, Keshia. She is a lingerie salesman. Woman. Saleswoman. You know what I mean."

"So the women out there are all trying on lingerie?"

"Not exactly. Myself and five other girls are modeling various outfits. But that's not the best part. We are also trying out some of the sex toys that Keshia sells. And the lubes, lotions and jellies. I 'm sure that you would love to watch, naughty boy, but the girls were promised that there would be no men present. Some would start leaving if they even knew that you were here. That's why I met you at the door and hurried you into this room right away. But if you are a good boy, maybe Maria will come back here and give you a private demonstration." 

I licked my lips at the thought of Maria coming back here and giving me a quickie while her friends were outside the door partying. But I got even more of a rise when I thought of Veronica coming in here and demonstrating some of the merchandise for me. I have a particular fetish for watching women masturbate. My pants got a little tighter at the thought of this lingerie-clad vixen buzzing off for me with various new toys. 

"Hold that thought. I'll be back to check on you soon. And under no circumstances are you to leave this room."

I found a remote control and turned on the TV. After finding the hockey game I adjusted the volume so that the TV could not be heard from outside the room. I also wanted to overhear anything interesting that might occur in the rest of the house. 

I must have dozed off for a while, as the next thing I heard was the door opening and Veronica quickly closing it behind herself. This time she was wearing only a black shelf bra and a matching black thong. The bra held her tits high up on her chest, revealing her chocolate brown nipples and a mile of cleavage The thong revealed everything else, confirming my earlier appraisal of her wide but flat ass, and demonstrating how effectively the red corset she wore earlier had held in her soft tummy, which now-- free of restraint-- formed a muffin top bulging over her panty line. The saying "less is more" briefly entered my mind.

"I brought you a refill," she said, handing me another beer. 

I smiled and then whistled approvingly as she handed me the bottle She twirled for me, allowing me to take in her nearly nude body in its entirety. 

"So what do you think? Would you like to see Maria in this outfit?" "I'm thinking it looks pretty good on you. But if I get to watch you take it off and Maria put it on, then yes, I would love to see it on her."

"You are such a bad boy, aren't you?" she teased. "What would you do with two big beautiful Latinas undressing for you? Most men can't satisfy one hot sexy woman. What makes you think that you could handle two of us?"

"There is only one way to find out now, isn't there?" I replied, as I put my hand behind her back and pulled her toward me. I felt my cock getting harder in my pants as I touched her smooth, soft skin. 

"Actually, there are many ways to find out," she said, leaning into me. "And I have tried most of them. I don't think that you would survive."

My cock ached, but I was starting to enjoy this exchange, even though I knew it would lead nowhere. 

"I have survived bigger challenges than you," I said. 'Heavier,' I thought to myself, but definitely not taller, and maybe not 'bigger.' "I am sure that I can handle you," I boasted.

"Am I a bigger challenge than Maria?" she asked, her head tilting and her eyebrows arching.

'Careful!' I thought to myself. I don't know where this is heading. It is always difficult to talk to a woman about her weight, and it is even more treacherous when the woman is a BBW. Some BBW are comfortable with their size, and some are not. I did not know if Veronica's bravado was genuine or forced. I could sense that I was being tested, but I was not sure if she was testing me out of personal interest, or out of concern for Maria. 

"You are both exquisitely unique. The challenge would be overwhelming for most men, but not to someone who appreciates the beauty of a voluptuous woman, and who interprets the words 'too much' as 'just enough.'" 'If I play my cards right, after the other guests leave this could lead to an even better after party,' I dully schemed. I did not know how much of our sex life Maria had discussed with this woman, but she seemed to be a ready, willing, and able candidate for a threesome. It had been over a year since I had been to bed with two women, and never before had the second woman been as lovely as Veronica.

"Someone like you?" she sarcastically asked, brushing her nipples against my shoulder.

It was taking all of my willpower not to bend her over and fuck her right there. I still had not decided if she was all tease or if her teasing was going to lead us somewhere. And could I trust her? Or was she acting as an undercover agent for my wife? I decided to stay on the threesome track. 

"I would devour you. Both of you. To the last morsel."

"Keep that thought in mind. I'll be back."

I waited in that room for an hour, but Veronica never returned. Instead, Maria entered carrying her purse and a bag filled with various items. 

"Let's go. I have some surprises to show you when we get home."

* * *

The rest of the weekend proceeded uneventfully. I waited all weekend for any mention of my conversations with Veronica, but nothing occurred. I was not chastised for my unmitigated flirting, nor was the possibility of a threesome broached. I concluded that in that last hour, while I waited expectantly in that room for the guests to leave and my newest fantasy to be fulfilled, Veronica returned to her hosting duties without a thought of me and the tent she caused in the front of my pants.

Monday, of course, was the return to work. My office is only ten minutes from the house, so I go home for lunch almost every day. On Monday, Wednesday, and Friday Maria is also home for lunch, so we get some quiet time together. We also squeeze in a nooner at least once a week. If it were up to me we would do it every day, but Maria's schedule does not always allow time for sex and a shower afterward. 

On Tuesdays and Thursdays I have lunch alone. Those are just about the only times that I ever have the house to myself. Since nearly everyone in the neighborhood is at work during the daytime, it is rare to see another car on the streets or to hear the doorbell ring during these lunch hours at home. So I was more than a little surprised when my Tuesday lunch was interrupted by the doorbell shortly after I had entered the house and closed the garage door. 

Answering the door, I was shocked to find Veronica standing on the porch. I invited her in and told her that Maria was at work, but I would be more than happy to help tell Maria that she had stopped by.

"Actually, I am hoping that you will not tell her," she said. "I need to discuss something with you. 

"I cannot stop thinking about our conversations the other night. I was so turned on. I had to buy that thong I was wearing, I had creamed all over the inside of it. As soon as everyone left I went to my room and masturbated. I was masturbating all weekend, recalling every detail of our discussion."

"So why can't I tell Maria? We don't have to tell her everything. I am sure that she would love for you to join us in a threesome."

"That is what I wanted on Friday night. But not now. After thinking about you all weekend, I don't want to share you. I want all of you."

"Veronica, I won't leave Maria. You are a beautiful, sexy woman, but.."

"That's not what I meant. I want you to take me to bed and make love to me. Only me. I don't want anyone else there. I have had threesomes before, and I can get fucked anytime I want to. Its not hard. Not hard at all. But I want to be made love to. By someone who is turned on by me, and isn't just fucking me because I have a hole to put his dick in. I want someone who appreciates me, and is truly turned on by a plus-size woman. Not someone who is going home with me because I am the last girl in the club, or who thinks that just because I am fat I must also be desperate. Or easy. I want to be made love to by someone who gets hard thinking about me. Who will take the time to satisfy me. Someone who wants ME.

"And I don't care if you are my best friend's husband. Its not fair that she has you all to herself. She has to stop being so selfish. Oh, I know that she would share you with me if we were to have a threesome. So the fact that your cock will be in me is not really a problem for her. Don't look so shocked. We're girls. We talk. I know that you two have had threesomes before. She has seen you fuck other women. But I'm her best friend. I deserve some too.

"So this is what I propose. If you will do what I want, I will do whatever you want. If you don't say 'No' to me, I won't say 'No' to you. Ever. Of course, we have to be smart about this, nothing that will get us caught. But if you promise to never say 'No' to me, I promise that I will never say 'No' to you. No matter what you ask me to do, I'll do it. Willingly. Has any woman ever made you a promise like that before? Has Maria?"

I was stunned. I had no idea what to say to all of that. Veronica did not give me a chance to say 'no' to her. She grabbed my hand and led me up the stairs to my bedroom. As I climbed the stairs I started thinking of all the delicious ways that I would defile this young, beautiful, sexy Amazon. I wondered, briefly, what she would request from me, but then my thoughts returned to the many fantasies I would finally fulfill with Veronica. 

I started undressing as soon as I entered the room. Veronica closed the door and started taking off her clothes as well. I took off my shirt and tie, loosened my belt and opened my pants, and then sat on the bed to remove my shoes, socks, and pants. By the time I was done Veronica was standing in front of me wearing only the bra and panties that I last saw her in on Friday night at her house. 

"Suck my cock," I told her. I might as well find out how well she responds to my requests, I thought to myself. 

"I'm going to suck your cock better than anyone ever has in your entire life," she said. "I have thought of little else since Friday night. I was so disappointed when the two of you left before I could taste you."

She took a pillow off the bed, put it on the floor, and then kneeled on it. 

"I'm going to drink every drop of cum from your balls," she continued, reaching for my hard cock. Gently grabbing my balls with her left hand and the base of my shaft with her right hand, she lowered her mouth to the head and started licking. Her dark hair tumbled into my lap, blocking my view of her ministrations. Normally I find that annoying, as I am very visually oriented. But this time it added to my enjoyment. 

Veronica bathed the entire head with her tongue, licking and swirling until it was glistening with her saliva. She gently massaged my balls as she licked the shaft with long wet strokes of her tongue. She placed her lips around the head, just under the helmet ridge, and started sucking the glans. She adjusted her angle and then proceeded to lower her face to my groin, swallowing the entire length of my cock in the process. Just as her lips reached the base of my shaft I felt the head of my cock scraping against the back of her throat. Her tongue swirled around the shaft for a few seconds, and then her mouth started to rise up, her wet lips tightly dragging across the skin. She swirled her tongue around the head, and then repeated the process, increasing her speed slightly. She started bobbing her head in my lap, gradually increasing her speed, all the while maintaining the light grip of her left hand on my balls. I felt my cock swelling in her mouth. She was definitely talented. Easily the best cocksucker I had ever encountered. I felt my shaft swelling, reaching a level of hardness I had never before experienced.
