 Sarah and Tammy had been friends for a long time, since they were teenagers actually. They had gone to high school together, when Sarah had been every guy’s best friend and Tammy had always been the belle of the ball. Tammy went through guys like chewing gum and Sarah had always been the one to console them after she dumped them, for Sarah it made for a lot of long-term friendships but a lot of lonely Saturday nights.

Even though Tammy wasn’t exceptionally pretty or personable, she had a great body and she was tiny, barely topping 5’5 and 100lbs. Sarah on the other had was a big girl, standing 5’10 and weighing in the neighbourhood of 200+ pounds she was far from the tiny petite little things most teenage guys wanted. Sarah had dates but when most guys couldn’t get into her pants they soon stopped trying. 

Though the years had past a high school was far behind them at 29 Sarah and Tammy had remained friends and hung out together all the time. Sarah had married, while Tammy remained unattached and dating still as often as possible. However, Sarah had long since stopped picking up the pieces, she’d had enough trouble in her short marriage to an abusive asshole, she didn’t need any more friends, she preferred to stay away from men altogether.

“I don’t understand you Sarah,” Tammy had said one day when they were out for the weekly walk. “If you would just lose some weight guys would pay far more attention to you.”

Sarah pondered this fact, she knew she was fat and had gained more weight over the course of her marriage, but how do you tell someone it was the only way you felt safe? If men weren’t attracted to you they couldn’t or didn’t want to get close enough to hurt you?

“Yeah Tammy, I know, we have this conversation all the time.” Sarah said in exasperation. “And if you would stop being a slut then someone might decide to marry you. But your happy they way you are and so am I.”

Even though she had just called her friend a slut both women smiled, they didn’t really mean to hurt each other and this conversation had been happening for years once a week the same way. Just then a guy on a motorcycle drove past them, slowing slightly to look over the two women. Sarah laughed knowing it was Tammy that was being given the once over, dressed in spandex shorts and a sports bra she wore for their walks it was hard not to notice her. Sarah on the other had worn regular shorts and an oversized t-shirt that she made sure covered as much as possible.

As the two women continued to walk Tammy made a comment about the guy on the bike and a fantasy she had about some biker guy picking her up taking her for a ride someone secluded and fucking her hard, then dropping her off and never being seen again. Sarah only shook her head. Just like Tammy to fuck and run, she wondered if her friend was every going to have a meaningful relationship in her life. Not that Sarah didn’t fantasize she just had different fantasies. Like for Sarah the guy on the bike would chose her over Tammy and they would ride off somewhere, make passionate love together and fall helplessly in love. That was the type of fantasies Sarah had, sweet ones.

“Hey,” said Tammy, “Looks like our mystery guy on a bike, is having trouble.”

Sure enough the guy that had passed them on his bike was pulled over to the side of the road, though instead of having bike trouble Sarah thought he looked as though he had been waiting for them to catch up. Man this guy was something else. Definitely not the typical biker type, He had on a cloth jacket and low rider jeans, with running shoes. Sarah noticed his eyes first they were beautiful, deep blue with a naughty sparkle in them. He had strong features and a body that wouldn’t quit, she could tell by the way his clothes hung that he was built. He was tall at least 6’5 and had strong arms and shoulders and a quick smile. When they started to pass he said hi and both women turned to look and reply.

Damn, Sarah thought he wasn’t very old, he couldn’t be more than 18 or 19 at best, but man was he hot. He had the cutest dimples too. 

“Hi, having trouble?” Tammy asked, flashing him that sexy smile of hers.

He smiled back, “No actually I was waiting for you, I noticed you farther back and I was wondering if you’d like to go for a ride with me?”

“My name’s Matt by the way.”

Tammy perked right up, “Well nice to meet you Matt and I’d love to go for a ride.”

Matt smiled and watched as Sarah stepped back, apparently she was used to being dumped when her friend took off in the middle of their walk and was planning a quick exit. Matt rose off the side of his bike and moved towards to two women. Smiling he said to Tammy, “Well it’s nice to meet you too but I’ll have to give you a rain check on the ride I was speaking to your friend.”

When Matt turned to Sarah she had a stunned look on her face. Tammy couldn’t have looked more stunned and said so.

“Your kidding right?” she said more than a little sarcastically. “You don’t seriously want Sarah over me?”

Matt moved to Sarah and offered his hand, “Hi Sarah you have a very pretty name, would you like to go for a ride with me.”

Sarah was stunned still unsure of what was happening. Never had anyone chosen her over anyone and here was the gorgeous kid asking her to go for a ride. Though there were a thousand thoughts going through her head as to why she decided to throw caution to the wind and go for it.

“I’d like that,” she said taking Matt’s proffered hand and moving to his bike.

“Sarah,” Tammy whined, “Your not going to just leave me here are you?”

As Sarah put the helmet on and got behind Matt on the bike she turned to Tammy and said, “Why not you were going to leave me, besides you a grown women I’m sure you can find your way home.”

With that Sarah and Matt drove off leaving Tammy standing alone on the street with her mouth open.

Matt and Sarah drove around for about an hour but realising they were unable to have much of a conversation Matt found a place to pull over so they could talk. It was a very pretty spot and very secluded Sarah thought to herself she must be dreaming because this was just what she and Tammy had been talking about. Sarah found that her legs were a little shaky when she got off the bike and as Matt moved to the rear of the bike to get a blanket from the carrier Sarah wobbled a little but Matt caught her.

“Steady,” He said as his arm went around her waist. “Your legs can get a little shaky if your not used to it.”

Sarah agreed saying that hers felt like Jell-o at the moment and she wasn’t sure she could walk just yet, but placed a hand on the seat of the bike so Mike was free to move away.

“Oh, I know just what to do for that,” Matt said and proceeded to press his lips against Sarah’s.

Sarah had never felt a kiss like it in her life. Matt’s lips were soft and insistent but delicate and passion filled at the same time. When his tongue nudged her lips open, Sarah lost all conscious thought. The slow flickering of their tongues against each other, then she nibbled lightly on Matt’s bottom lip feeling her body moulding to him, if this was heaven she was happy to go. When Matt broke the kiss and took her hand leading her away from the bike, Sarah followed without question, as thought hypnotized by the kiss.

“Sarah,” Matt said, “I hope you didn’t mind the kiss, I just couldn’t resist.”

Sarah swallowed, “Look Matt I don’t understand any of this but if it’s going to be some sick joke I think you should tell me now.”

“Sarah what are you talking about?” Matt questioned.

“Matt, look at me, you’re bright enough to see that this isn’t the sort of thing that happens to me. If you were just trying to take Tammy down a peg or two then you succeeded but I’m not really in any condition to play any games right now.” Sarah let out a long breath she hadn’t realised she’d been holding.

“Well I will admit I did enjoy the look on your friends face when you got on the bike with me, but I promise you it was you I stopped for.” Matt said, with such an earnest look on his face that Sarah was inclined to believe him.

“Why,” was all that Sarah could manage to say?

“Because I thought you were attractive and I wanted to get to know you better and I hoped that you would come for a ride with me?” Matt wasn’t sure if he was saying the right things but he had noticed Sarah and her friend out for their walk a number of weeks ago and he’d noticed Sarah’s smile and laugh right away. She seemed to be the type of women a man could get lost with. All soft and plush no sharp edges, he also bet that when he took her out to dinner she had more than celery and a glass of water.

Matt had always been attracted to heavier women, preferring someone who would share his popcorn and ice cream and not diet constantly. He liked women who liked to laugh and have a good time and when he made love to them he liked them to be soft everywhere. There was something about slipping inside a BBW that appeal to him and when those ample thighs closed around him it made him feel right where he belonged. It had taken him all this time to work up the courage to ask her to go for a ride and he didn’t want to blow it.

“Well, I guess if your serious, I won’t mind spending some time talking.” Sarah said, “You seem like a nice guy.” With that she smiled and took part of the blanket from him and help him spread it out before sitting down crossed legged on the blanket.

Sarah wasn’t sure how long she and Matt had talked it seems as though time not only stood still but stopped altogether. Before long though she had found out that Matt was indeed 19 years old and was putting himself through law school. He had a son and brother he took care of and his ex-girlfriend was nowhere in the picture. Sarah also found herself telling Matt things she had never told anyone, he was just that easy to talk to. There was a certain twinkle in Matt’s eye that made Sarah feel, no she knew, she could trust him, what he said would be the truth, even if in the end what he said hurt.

She also found herself wishing he’d kiss her again, never had the thought of kissing him even entered her mind, well OK but she quickly dismissed it, thinking the earlier kiss was probably just a fluke or a curiosity he need to satisfy.

Matt was enjoying talking with Sarah he like the way she had begun to relax and was starting to open up to him. She wasn’t sitting all huddled in a ball trying to make herself as small as possible anymore and she was actually more animated when she talked. He only wished she would open enough for him to get closer to her so that he could kiss her again. Then an idea struck him; he could ask her if she wanted to walk a little with him. He knew she walked everyday even if her friend only joined her once a week he had seen her walking, always at the same time but never the same way.

Later he would mention to her about varying the time she walked to avoid giving anyone who might be watching a chance to pin down her schedule, but he could save that for later. Right now he wanted to find a way to have her in his arms again and a walk seemed to be the perfect solution.

“Well Sarah,” Matt stated, “How about we take a little walk and loosen up those muscles before the return trip?”

Sarah couldn’t help it she must have had a little bit of a look of disappointment on her face that their time together was coming to an end, but she nodded her head and reached for Matt’s outstretched hand. “Sounds good,” she said rising and stretching her body out.

Before she had a chance to realise what was going on Matt had moved in for the kill, closing his arms around her and pressing his lips to hers. Sarah knew the moment his lips touched hers that she was about to lose all conscious thought once again. Matt lips were incredible, soft and willing and so sweet tasting, Sarah wished the kiss never had to end. She felt herself sinking back down to the blanket with Matt’s arms still tightly around her, her body pressed hard into him.

Slipping under him feeling his knee press between her thighs Sarah felt as though she was melting. She never even stopped to look to see if there were anyone around, her hands slide along the line of his jacket slipping inside, running along the hard muscles of his chest. Sarah didn’t know what had come over her, never before had she taken the initiative before, not even during her marriage. What she did know is that she wanted desperately to touch Matt, and to have Matt touch her.

“Matt,” she whispered against his lips, “We shouldn’t be doing this.” Sarah knew she should have sense but she didn’t want to. She didn’t want him to stop.

All Matt said was Shhhh. That was enough for Sarah, but when Matt pulled back and sat up she let out a groan of disappointment, that turned into excitement when Matt shrugged off his jacket and began pulling his t-shirt over his head. Sarah ran her hands along his chest and across his tummy. God he felt so good, and when Matt lowered himself back down to her, Sarah’s hand were caught between them. Slowly she let them explore him, touching muscles and bumps lightly and roughly at the same time. She felt the goose bumps under his skin as her fingers caressed along his side, she heard his sharp intake of breath as she skimmed her fingers along the waist band of his jeans, wishing she were brave enough to slip her fingers underneath.

Matt’s mouth moved along her cheek and she felt his lips press against her neck sending delightful chills through her. When Matt slipped his hand under the bottom of her shirt Sarah held her breath, wondering what was going to happen next. Matt in the meantime was wondering the same thing. Sarah had come very close to touching him in a completely intimate way yet she had stopped short, that as Matt slide his hand a little higher on her tummy, he too wondered if she was going to let him go farther. He finally decided to brave it and slide his hand to cup the underside of Sarah’s breast. When Sarah did nothing but release her pent up breath and deepen the kiss, Matt sighed and enjoyed the full feeling of her breast in his hand.

Sarah’s breasts weren’t overly large but still firm and plush at the same time, as Matt’s thumb brushed along her nipple he felt it harden and grow taut. Pulling his mouth from Sarah’s neck he guided her into an upright position and lifted her shirt above her head, hoping she wouldn’t stop him. When her shirt was removed Matt took the opportunity to place his mouth into the cleavage between her breasts, breathing in the scent of her. Sarah’s hand caressed the back of Matt’s head pulling him closer, Matt’s mouth moved to one side and closed around the silk of her bra and the nipple beneath. Sarah arched her back and pressed her breast into Matt’s mouth wishing the only thing between them was air. Reaching around she freed the clasp and shrunk in her shoulders allowing the straps to fall from them. Matt took this as a signal and slowly slide Sarah’s bra from her, revealing her breasts to his eyes.

While Sarah didn’t have large nipples they were soft pink and rock hard almost pleading for his mouth. Matt needed no further invitation and his lips closed around one firm nipple. Sarah let out a soft sigh and leaned back on her arms letting Matt’s mouth have its way with her nipples. She knew his mouth would feel wonderful and she blushed to herself as she wonders how it would feel in other more private places. Feeling hot and bother Sarah decide she needed to feel Matt, she didn’t care about tomorrow or later all she cared about was this moment. As Matt moved his mouth to her other nipple Sarah let her fingers and palm slide down to the top of Matt’s pants as her fingers toyed with the button Matt sensed her hesitation and gently closed his teeth over her nipple, it was enough to push Sarah forward and she let her hands undo the button and slowly start to lower the zipper.

When she slipped her hand inside his jeans, she brushed the waist band of his boxer briefs, could he be any sexier without trying Sarah thought to herself, with cool determination Sarah slipped her hand inside his boxers and rested her fingers along the length of his cock. God, she thought he was so big, she had never felt a cock this big, and her ex was far, far from this. Closing her hand around it she licked her lips and wished it were her lips she was closing around it, he felt so good in her hand and when Matt let out a soft moan, Sarah was glad she had made the move. Matt couldn’t believe how good Sarah’s hand felt and his mind wandered slightly, wondering how her mouth would feel wrapped around his erection? Matt figured it was too much to wish for and let his hand begin to wander over Sarah’s body.

Moving slowly he skimmed his hand across her tummy feeling the soft skin and down along the waistband of her shorts. Once again Sarah held her breath wondering if he was going to get turned off from touching her and stop, but Matt’s hand continued there trek going lower and running up the inside of her thigh. Sarah hoped he was about to touch her, she knew that he would only be a wisp pf material away from her being that she didn’t wear underwear, but Matt didn’t know that. Before Matt had a chance to find out Sarah became slightly more aggressive that she normally was pushing Matt slightly forward and onto his back.

After breaking the kiss and trying to regain her breath, Sarah looked at Matt’s eyes wondering what she see in them, hoping for lust at least. She wasn’t disappoint and decided to move forward she didn’t really care if he thought she was wanton she needed to take him in her mouth. Moving down his chest placing soft kiss as she went, Sarah lowered her mouth to the V in his jeans, running her tongue along the waistband of his jeans.

“Oh, Sarah.” Matt whispered unable to believe what was about to happen, but happily lifting his hips to allow her to remove his jeans and boxers.

Sarah like to go slowly making things last and once she had removed Matt’s clothing she started at his ankles, kissing and licking her way up the inside of his calf, until her mouth was at his knee. She kissed and licked his knee noticing a little scar there and wondering how he had gotten it. Sarah used her hands to spread his legs and ran her tongue along the inside of his thigh, he tasted so good, and his skin was warm and sweet and very male tasting. She moved her lips closer to the groin of his leg softly licking back and forth savouring the taste of him.

When Sarah ran her tongue along the groin of Matt’s leg up to his hip he thought he would lose his mind. Between the warmth of her mouth and tongue on him and the feel of her hands as she kneaded his thigh muscles was driving him crazy. He shifted a little trying to encourage her to take him in her mouth but Sarah was having none of it. It was very clear that she knew what she was doing and she enjoyed taking her time doing it. After a few minutes Sarah began to kiss her way along the bottom of Matt’s tummy taking extra care to only allow her breath to be felt on his cock and the light brushing of her hair. As she moved toward his other hip her breasts rubbed along the top of his thighs and her nipple pressed against them hard, her mouth kissed it’s way down his groin until she came to the tendon at the bottom which she caught in her mouth and nibbled lightly.

Finally she moved her mouth once more, letting her tongue tease long slow strokes along Matt’s balls, softly licking back and forth never lifting her tongue but teasing and tasting him. Getting his balls completely wet before taking one into her mouth. At first she just held it between her lips and teeth and moved her mouth in a side to side motion, allowing his wet ball to slip around then using her tongue she lightly pressed it against it before sucking his ball deep into her mouth. Matt groaned as she sucked his ball in deep, he could feel the light scrapping of her teeth against the ball as it slipped in, but it didn’t hurt it felt great and he let out another sigh.
