 Chapter 2: Marisol

Thursday morning dragged from one appointment to the next. I spent the entire morning watching the clock, as the hands slowly crawled toward noon. At 11:55 I grabbed my keys and headed for the parking garage. I drove home in a hurry, anxious but unsure of what to expect. Veronica and I had not spoken since our lunchtime tryst on Tuesday, so I had no reason to expect a repeat performance so soon. 

I raised the garage door remotely as I pulled into the driveway. I parked in the garage, turned off the engine, and entered the house. I stopped at the door to close the garage. Just as the garage door was halfway closed I saw a car pull into the driveway just behind my car. I reversed the descending door and saw Veronica emerging from her vehicle. She entered the garage, met me at the door, and greeted me with a kiss. 

"Hello lover," she said. "What are we having for lunch?"

"Hot dog and doughnuts?" I asked.

"Mmm" she purred, grasping my crotch. "Is that the house specialty?"

"It is when I am having you for lunch."

We kissed again, and then headed for the stairs. We both started undressing before we reached the bedroom, and were down to our underwear by the time I closed the bedroom door behind us. As soon as my underwear were off Veronica pushed me onto the bed, crawled on top of me, and passionately kissed me. I shifted my hips and tried to maneuver the head of my cock toward the entrance of her pussy, but she raised her hips and kept it just out of my reach. I futilely stabbed upward two more times, but each time I only felt air.

"What's your hurry, Baby?" she asked.

"Maria gets home early today. I need to erase all evidence of your visit before she gets here."

"Don't worry, she has a meeting with the director of one of the facilities at 4:00. Then she has a 40 mile drive in rush hour traffic. We have all afternoon."

"Oh, really. You know my wife's schedule better than I do?" 

"She called me an hour ago. We talk two or three times a day, you know? Now let's have some lunch." 

She turned around, put her feet on either side of my head, and lowered her pussy to my face. This is my favorite way to eat pussy. For one thing, it is easier on my neck and back. But more importantly, the pussy just opens up and reveals all of the tasty morsels that otherwise might be tucked between the folds. 

I extended my tongue and started licking those sweet juicy lips that were hanging from her cunt, just an inch from my face. I paused for a second and inhaled her aroma, smelling a combination of soap, flowers, and just a hint of feminine musk. licked the crevasses on either side of each lip, and then gave her long licks from her asshole to her clit, my tongue barely making contact with her sweet flesh. I then licked between the folds of her pussy, tasting the wetness that had begun to flow from her chasm. The taste was exhilarating. My restraint crumbled as my attempts to tease her only inflamed my own desire. I flicked my tongue faster over her clit, alternately licking up and down and side to side. I sucked her lips into my mouth, feeling them extend and swell as I pressed my lips against the tender flesh. 

Veronica's restraint also collapsed. She lowered her crotch to my mouth and started riding my face, rocking her hips forward and backward across my mouth, my nose and my chin. She used all of my face for friction, grinding her clit against my nose, my mustache, my lips, and my goateed chin. She rocked back and forth, pressing harder and harder with all of her weight on my face. 

"Ooooooooooohhhhhhh!" she moaned, as the first orgasm wracked her body. 

She paused for a second, just long enough to catch her breath after cumming so hard. I used that opportunity to resume my attack on her clit. I flicked my tongue back and forth, up and down, increasing the speed and pressure as I continued licking. After about two minutes of this assault by my tongue, she began to ride another wave of orgasmic pleasure. Her hips rocked forward and backward, and she gradually increased the pressure of her pussy on my face. She rocked faster and faster, pressing more and more of her weight on my face. I stopped trying to lick any particular spot, and just let her fuck my face. Back and forth she rocked, from my nose to my chin, rubbing her moist flesh all over me. The aroma of soap and flowers was gone, now, replaced entirely by the scent of her lust. Every time her pussy passed over my tongue I tasted more and more of her musky wetness. She ground her crotch into my nose, on my chin, and on my mouth.

"Oooooohhhhhhhhhhh! Yes! More! Don't stop!" she howled, mashing my head into the pillow as she pushed her crotch harder and harder into my face. 

"Mmmmmm! Mmmmmmmmmm! MMMMMMMM! "

She rolled off me as her orgasm subsided. "Mmm that was good. So good. I could get used to that every day."

I turned around in the bed, crawling once more toward her pussy. I was going to resume licking her once again, but she put her hand on my head and gently pushed me away.

"Not now. Not yet. My chocha needs a break," she panted.

"Who said I was going for your pussy?" I asked, changing my plan in midstream. "That sweet juicy snatch isn't the only point of interest down there, you know. It's about time I explore your backside."

"Well, aren't you a naughty boy?" she asked.

I kneeled between her thighs and put my hands under her knees. I pushed her knees into her chest, causing her ass to lift off the bed. I wedged a couple of pillows between her butt and the mattress, and then lowered my face to the crack of her ass and started licking. I licked up and down the length of her crack a few times, and then concentrated my attention on her puckered rosebud. I swirled my tongue around and around, licking and kissing her lovely pucker. I swirled around and around, then backed off. I stiffened my tongue and then pressed it against her hole, pushing against the ring, pushing until I felt it start to give. I pushed the tip in and out several times, each time feeling a slackening in her resistance. I reached a finger around her thigh and started to lightly stroke her clit as I resumed swirling my tongue around her anus. 

"Mmmmmmmmmm," she moaned.

I continued licking her ass and stroking her clit. Her moaning increased, and she started to buck her hips. I felt her ring becoming more and more relaxed as I continued licking. I could not tell if she were an anal virgin, but it was pretty apparent to me that she did not regularly receive analingus. Her reactions continuously registered surprise, rather than recognition. 

"UUUUUUUnhhhhhh!" Her groaning intensified. 

I flattened my tongue and gave her long, broad licks from the bottom of her ass to the top of her slit. Juices were flowing from her pussy, faster than I could lick them up. I licked and licked as she pressed her hands against the back of my head and pushed my face deeper into her juicy crotch. I concentrated again on her asshole, pushing my tongue against the tight little ring. I licked and pushed, getting her used to the concept of pleasure emanating from her ass. 

"Mmmmmmmmmm! I'm cumming! Mmmmmmm!" 

I sensed that she was ready for the next step. I placed the tip of my finger against her slippery asshole, and gently pushed. The tip entered easily, so I pushed it to the first knuckle and then to the second. I stroked back and forth, in and out with one finger, while I continued to stroke her clit with my other hand. 

"What are you doing? That feels so good! You're making me cum!"

I removed my finger from her ass, but continued stroking her clit. I knelt between her thighs and rubbed the head of my cock up and down her slit, getting it slick with her juices. She continued to moan, feeling the head slipping up and down the length of her pussy. When the head was sufficiently slathered in her juices I pushed forward, entering her pussy in one swift thrust.

"Unghhhhhh. Yes, fuck me. Fuck me. I'm cumming. Yes. Unghhhhh!"

I pushed in and out, thrusting all the way in, and then pulling completely out. After several deep thrusts my cock was completely coated in her juices. I continued thrusting as Veronica reached her climax, moaning and grunting with every thrust. When she started to come down from her climax, I pulled out.

"Nooo. Don't stop. Fuck me some more."

"Turn over," I told her.

She quickly rolled over, assuming the doggy position with her ass in the air and her face pressed into a pillow. I reached into the night stand and pulled out a tube of KY. I applied a large dollop to her asshole, and then smeared some more all over my cock, concentrating on the head. I squatted behind her, and pushed down on her ass, adjusting the angle until my cockhead was level with her asshole. I spread her checks, placed my dick against her puckered rosebud, and started gently pushing. Her asshole provided minimal resistance, and after only a few seconds of gentle pressure, the head popped past her ring and entered her ass. 

"Mmmmmmmm. So my lover is a buttfucker, too? You are a pervert. I have only done this once before. Just be gentle and you can have my ass any time you want."

I didn't say anything. Instead, I resumed pushing. My cock slowly disappeared between her creamy caramel cheeks, one inch at a time. When it was halfway in I started to pull back, until just the head was being gripped by her anal ring. Then I slowly pushed in again. I was almost completely inside her when I pulled out once again, leaving just the head inside her. I paused for several seconds, and then pushed in a little bit more forcefully, burying my entire cock inside her ass. 

"Does Maria let you fuck her in the ass?" 

"Not as often as I would like, but yes, she does."

"She never mentioned that before. I'll have to talk to her about keeping secrets from me."

"Maybe she hasn't told you as much as you think. That's good. That means I will have some surprises for you."

"Ooooooooo, more surprises! Naughty surprises like fucking my ass? Don't worry, I have some surprises for you, too."

I slowly stroked in and out of her ass, enjoying the exquisite feeling of her asshole clutching my cock; the visual stimulation of her big round ass surrounding my pole; the aural stimulation of her deep moans and rapid gasps; and the olfactory sensation of the aroma rising from her warm, wet pussy. As I enjoyed the sensations I found myself thrusting in and out at an increasing velocity. My nerves were on fire. My senses were overloading. I dug my fingers into her hips, squeezing her feminine flesh as I thrust faster and faster. Her asshole was completely relaxed. I pulled my cock completely out of her ass, and bent over to kiss her gaping hole. I intended to pause for a few minutes and lick her ass some more, but tasting the KY residue on her ass convinced me otherwise. I put my dick back into her ass and resumed thrusting.

"Unghhhhhhhhh! That's it baby, fuck my ass. Fuck my ass baby, fuck my ass."

"Oh yes, your ass feels so good. MMMmm."

"Unghhhhhhh! You like fucking my ass? Unghhhhhhhhh! My big, white, Cuban ass. You like fucking this ass?"

"Mmmmmmmmmm. Oh yes, baby, oh yes. Mmmmmmmmm!"

"C'mon assfucker, fuck my ass. Fuck my big ass. Unghhhhhhhhh! That's it. That's it. Unghhhhhh! Fuck my ass."

I pushed in and out, slamming my groin into her lush ass over and over. The sensations were overwhelming me. I pushed deeper with every thrust, pulling her hips against me and then pushing her away. I felt her finger tips on my balls, and then realized that she was fingering her clit as my cock penetrated her asshole over and over and over. 

"Unghhhhhh! Faster baby, fuck me faster. Give it to me. Unghhhhh! Yes, fuck my ass. Fuck my ass. Unghhhhhhhhh!"

The sensation started in my balls, and then traveled throughout my body. I felt an intense wave of pleasure – a hungry, insistent pleasure – taking over my body. All thoughts were crowded out of my mind. Nothing existed except the wave that was consuming me. A wave of white hot electricity, growing, becoming more intense, an animal need craving satisfaction. 

"OOOOOOoooooohhhhhhhhhhhh! Yes! Yes! Yes! Fuck my ass! Cum in my ass! Cum with me! Now! Cum with me! Unghhhhhhh! Unghhhhhhh! Unghhhhhhh! Unghhhhhhh!"

I dug my fingers into her fleshy hips, and then hammered her ass with a series of violent thrusts, each feeding the wave of pleasure, each responding to the need boiling in my balls. I slammed into her ass over and over and over.

"AAAAAAhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" I felt a jet of cum rush up my shaft and explode in her ass. I slammed her ass as a second, and then a third spurt of white hot cum jetted into her bowels. I finally started to slow my thrusting as I felt two more spurts erupt from my cock. I pulled out as a river of cum ran out of her gaping asshole, dripping onto the sheets. I collapsed onto her back, and then rolled off onto my own back. 

"Wow. Are you OK?" I asked when I was finally able to catch my breath.

"Umm hmmmm," she purred. "Do you fuck Maria's ass like that?"

"Not like that. I don't know what happened, I sort of lost all control. I hope I didn't hurt you."

"I'm OK. Really. I'm just glad I won't be seeing you again until next week."

*  *  *

I continued to meet Veronica for "lunch" on Tuesdays and Thursdays for the next four weeks. On the last Tuesday of May, however, I realized that I had a problem. School was out for the summer, and my kids were going to be home all day. I could not meet her, nor could I even take the chance of her coming by my home at noon. My concerns were alleviated when I pulled into my office parking garage just as a text message popped up on my cell phone.

My house. Noon. Park in garage and come inside. Vero.

Relieved, I sent a quick text saying OK, and then went to work. At 11:50 I briskly left the office and drove back to my neighborhood. Instead of pulling onto my street I turned left at the entrance to the development and drove to Veronica's house. There was a car that I did not recognize parked in her driveway, but the garage door was open so I pulled in and parked in the garage as she requested. I got out of the car, closed the garage door, and entered the house.

Once inside I was surprised to find Veronica and another woman standing together. The other woman was a strikingly beautiful older Latin woman. She stood about 5'5" tall, I guessed her weight to be around 230 lbs., and she had shoulder length black hair dyed burgundy (Cuban red, as my wife and I call it). She wore a very pretty knee-length blue and green floral print dress that gathered under her ample bust, which combined with the low-cut neckline created a formidable distraction. The dress draped loosely over the rest of her body, flaring over her prodigious butt and hips. She wore cobalt blue sandals that revealed her perfectly painted toes. Her make-up was impeccable, and her emerald earrings bracelet and necklace completed the look. She wore no ring on either hand.

"Miguel, this is Marisol. Marisol is a neighbor of yours, she lives around the corner and down the block from your house."

At that point I recognized her. Although we had never spoken to one another, I had seen her walking her dog in the evening on several occasions.

"Marisol lost her husband two years ago." Veronica continued. " Before he died he had been sick for nearly five years. It has been nearly seven years since Marisol last had sex with a man. I have given her a vibrator, which she uses quite frequently, I might add, but she tells me that she needs more. Maybe I had a little to do with that desire, or more than a little, but that is not important. She needs a man to make love to her, and I volunteered your services."

Stunned, I turned to Marisol. "Are you sure?" I asked.

"She doesn't speak English, by the way. I know that you speak some Spanish, but she speaks almost no English. But that should not be a problem. 

"What that means, is that we can talk in front of her in English and she will have no idea what we are saying. If you say no, I will make up a story for her so that she is only disappointed and not crushed, but please try to keep your facial expression neutral. 

"I want you to make love to her like you do with me. Be a little bit more gentle with her, she is 56 years old, but I want you to make her feel loved, desired, adored...... worshiped. Give her the best sex she has ever had. I don't think her husband was very good even when he was healthy. He never went down on her. He had sex with her almost every day, but she rarely had an orgasm with him. Those were few and far between. Luckily, she had the house to herself during the day so her fingers could do the walking, if you know what I mean.

"Miguel, you said that you would never say 'no' to me. This is what I want."

"What's in it for you?" I asked.

"I'm going to watch. I never told you this, but I am a huge voyeur. I love watching porn. I rent 4 or 5 videos per week. But watching live fucking is even better."

"And Marisol is OK with that? She seems a little too repressed to be an exhibitionist."

"We have an understanding. I told her that if I am going to share my lover with her, I had to be there to make sure that she did not damage him. I will be out of the way, she won't see me. My presence should not inhibit either of you. Especially you."

I did not know what to say, but the tent in my pants spoke volumes.

Veronica glanced at my crotch.

"I think you see my point. Are we ready? Let's go to my bedroom," Veronica said, herding us down the hall toward her master bedroom. 

Once inside the bedroom, Veronica turned to us, glanced in the direction of the bed, and said, "OK kids, have fun!" She then retreated to the master bathroom, closing the door behind her. 

I started unbuttoning my shirt, but paused when I saw that Marisol was looking in my direction but making no move to take off her clothes. It occurred to me that she was expecting me to undress her. I stepped toward her, took her in my arms and kissed her exquisitely plump red lips. She responded tentatively at first, and then with increasing urgency. Her full breasts pressed into my chest as I pulled her closer. My fully erect cock ground into her belly button as she leaned into me, applying friction directly onto my crotch. She was a curious mixture of hunger and restraint, desire and propriety, sexuality and class. Her heavy breathing and full mouth kissing told me that she was ready and wanted me as much as I wanted her. Yet she made no move to undress me or herself. 

I reached behind her and located the top of her zipper. She offered no resistance as I pulled the zipper all the way down to the top of her panties. Her dress fell off her shoulders, catching at her hips. I gave it a tug and she performed a quick wiggle, causing to fall to her ankles. I paused for just a second to take in the sight of her in her blue lace bra with green embroidery, matching blue and green lace panties, and her sandals. I was fully hard – uncomfortably hard – and I still had not finished unwrapping my present. I kissed her again as I unfastened the clasp of her bra, and then with her assistance dropped it to the floor. Her breasts were at least a D cup, probably DD. They looked to be just a bit larger than my wife's, and similarly shaped. Her pale brown areolae were about the size of a half dollar, and her rigid nipples stuck out about a quarter of an inch. Her age was apparent here, as the nipples pointed toward 5 o'clock, rather than 3, as I imagined they probably had a few decades ago. Nonetheless, they were big, full and beautiful, and I could not wait to get my mouth on them.

But I did wait. My desire compelled me to finish unveiling this exquisite beauty, so I dropped my hands to her hips, grabbed her panties with both hands, and pulled them to the floor. When I stood up again, before I could even take in the entirety of her nakedness, she put her hands in my hair and pulled my face to hers. She kissed me with more passion than before, her hunger causing her restraint to crumble. 
