 Chapter 3: National Nude (Birth) Day?

Once they had arrived at their destination, neither Sarah nor Matt made any attempt to move. Sarah removed her helmet and laid her cheek against Matt's back, Matt took Sarah's hand and brought it closer to his face. Then without speaking Matt slipped from the bike and moved to stand between Sarah's thigh, tugging her shirt over her head and then pulling his up revealing his naked muscles.

Sarah reached back and undid her bra, slipping it down her shoulders and off. Shifting her hips Sarah pulled Matt in and pressed her lips to his. They could feel their hearts beating, their tongues teasing and sucking at on another. Sarah ran her tongue along the roof of Matt's mouth feeling the little bumps and the softness of his lips.

Matt's entire body tingled when Sarah did that with her tongue, but a noise in the near distance startled Matt who broke the kiss but continued to shelter Sarah's body with his own. Just then a group of people broke through the bush and onto the road.

"Whoa," one of them said, "Don't let us interrupt."

Sarah noticed that every member of the group was dressed in various stages of clothing. Some naked save for boots, others in bathing suits or shorts and some of the women were topless or bottomless and Sarah gave Matt an odd look.

"Happy Nude Day," Matt responded.

"Same to you," answered a few in return.

"Matt," Sarah asked, "What have you gotten me into?"

"Sweetie," Matt replied, "I have no idea this is private property."

But the merry bands of travellers had no intention of staying and were soon hiking off headed in the opposite direction.

As Matt turned back towards Sarah, she slipped off the bike putting a temporary end to their make out session. Tucking her bra into Matt's backpack she extended her hand to him for her shirt. Matt just grinned and tucked both their shirts away.

"Not today sweetie, today it's just you, me and nature."

Matt let his hands move to the waist of his pants, "Matt," Sarah said reaching for his hands, "if you think I'm hiking naked through the woods with this ass you better think again."

Matt relented, "Ok," he said, "But just the jeans, you have beautiful breasts and I like to look at them, besides we're supposed to be nude today."

Sarah laughed but agreed, on the condition that Matt keep his pants on too, after all, if he didn't they might not make it to their destination at all.

After a pretty short and not even remotely gruelling trek through the woods, Matt pushing his bike and Sarah strolling half naked beside him, they broke through into a clearing in the middle of the forest.

"My God Matt," Sarah exclaimed, "It's beautiful."

It truly was beautiful, to one side stood a tall mountain standing motionless and majestic, the three remaining sides were surrounded with an abundance of trees looking dark and mysterious. Just in front of them was a good size body of water, not a lake but too big to be a pond.

When Sarah pressed him for details about it being private property and wouldn't they get in trouble for there? Matt told her that he knew the owner and he had his complete permission to do whatever he wanted. He also explained that the swimming hole was man-made with a total sand bottom and was kept well maintained and very clean, much to Sarah's relief.

After storing their stuff, spreading the blanket and grabbing the wine from the cooler, Matt suggested a swim. Even though they were completely alone, Sarah hesitated and looked around before taking Matt's hand and rising to undress. Matt stood back and watched as Sarah shucked her shoes and socks, when her hand reached for her zipper Matt stepped up and stopped her. His hand reached for the zipper as his mouth claimed hers, lowering it and sliding his hand inside his finger seeking the delicate folds of her sex.

Sarah's pussy was still wet from her earlier orgasm and when Matt's fingers brush past her clit before sinking two fingers inside her, Sarah unconsciously groaned against Matt's lips. Matt slides his two fingers repeatedly in and out of Sarah's hot, dripping pussy, before drawing them out and bringing them to his lips. 

Sarah held her breath as Matt licked and sucked her love juice from his fingers. He seemed to be enjoying himself and it was turning Sarah on immensely. 

"Hmmmm," was all he said and with a quick kiss he said, "More of that later, last one in is a rotten egg."

Sarah laughed and watched as the already very naked big cheater tore off towards the water. She still had to remove her jeans before making her way cautiously there her self. The water was glorious. Sarah had always had a sort of sensuous relationship with water, finding the way it caressed her body and invaded all of her most intimate places so freely to be a very erotic experience. Swimming naked in the middle of a brilliant day made it that much more so.

As they swam and played together Matt marvelled at the enjoyment Sarah found at being in the water. She seemed at ease and even more playful. Several times she had snuck up on him under water and nibbled at his cock before sliding up the length of him and kissing him. Not only did he enjoy the little nibbles and kisses but also when she rose from the water, her eyelashes were dark and wet, something he personally found to be a big turn on.

Matt swam to where Sarah was standing a little more than waist deep in the water, her face turned up towards the sun. Matt could see the hard nipples poking out almost calling out for his attention, begging to be sucked.

Sarah smiled at Matt before slipping into his arms making his heart flutter. She slipped one leg around his hips pulling him tightly against her, opening her self to him at the same time. As they stood locked in each others arms, the flowing water caused Matt's cock to brush against Sarah's clit, with his hands under the water Matt teased Sarah's clit and let one finger slide inside her. Sarah pressed against Matt's hand and whispered in his ear.

"I want you Matt, bad"

They began to move toward the shore when once again their visitors appeared almost from out of nowhere.

"Alright," one of them yelled, "It was starting to get damn hot."

Then the bunch of them started stripping and racing into the water. Sarah and Matt just stood and stared at each other not sure what to do. Sarah however spoke up first.

"Well," she started, "I guess your friend told a few more friends about this place."

Matt shook his head before answering, " I know for a fact he didn't, those people are trespassing."

"Why don't we have a bite to eat then we'll worry about them later." Matt suggested.

Sarah shrugged, somewhat reluctant to leave the water. Seeing her apprehension Matt grabbed her hand, 

"Come on beautiful," he said, "Let's eat."

When Sarah saw that the other weren't paying the least bit of attention to her and Matt she visibly relaxed, however she did opt to pull her shirt on once they got back to their spot, taking comfort in the fact that if came almost to her knees.

"Good Lord, Matt," Sarah exclaimed looking into the basket, "There's more than enough food her to feed an small army."

Matt looked up at her with innocent eyes,

"What," he said, "Can I help it that I have a big appetite?"

"Thank goodness," Sarah laughed, "I thought you meant for me to eat that."

Sarah and Matt dug into a spectacular meal and both indulged in a single glass of white wine. It was a glorious feeling for Sarah, the warmth of the sun, the wonderful food, sitting practically naked outdoors with this incredible man, whom had chosen to remain buck naked. The day was amazing, she couldn't have asked for a better birthday.

"So tell me Matt," Sarah asked, "How do you know your friend doesn't know those people or at least one of them?"

Matt smiled sheepishly, "Well," he started, "Cause I'm the friend?"

"Wow," Sarah said, "Great piece of land."

"Yeah," Matt said, "I'd like to build a house here someday."

The next hour passed uneventfully and the trespassers finally decide to move on and with a wave they were gone. Standing and stripping off her shirt Sarah challenged Matt with race you, and took off for the water. Even with a head start Matt and Sarah arrived at the water at the same time and since she challenged him, Matt tackled Sarah pulling her under the water with him.

They played in the water a bit. Brushing past each other and groping naked body parts, then kissing until by unspoken agreement, the interlocked fingers and headed once again to the shore.

Standing beneath the bight warm sunshine Sarah and Matt stood wrapped in one another's arms exchanging long slow kisses. As their tongues explored each other's mouths their hands roamed over each other's bodies. Matt started kissing Sarah's throat and slide his hand along the side of her neck and over her shoulder coming to rest on the side of her breast, his thumb moving in a slight up and down motion causing Sarah's nipple to pucker and harden.

Sarah's hands ran down Matt's back tracing the outline of his shoulders and the contours of his spine. Matt's mouth gently sucked it's way along her shoulder and then down the slope of her breast catching the nipple between his lips, his mouth sucking it hard. Matt rolled his tongue around it making a cradle for it then used his teeth to worry it into full hardness.

As Matt began to use his teeth on her already overly sensitive nub Sarah inadvertently dug her fingernails into his back, causing Matt to suck in not only his breath but her nipple and the surrounding areola as well. Pulling his mouth away and grasping her hands, Matt held her as they lowered themselves to the ground. Sarah pulled Matt's face down and all but devoured his lips.

Matt's hands roamed over the soft mounds of Sarah's body, caressing her breasts and then gliding over her tummy. Feeling the smoothness of her skin and the silkiness of the baby fine hair, which lightly covered her. As Matt slipped his hand along the incredible softness of her inner thigh, then across the downy hair covering her pubic mound he slipped hid finger along her slit, sending shivers down her spine.

Matt's touch was so light that Sarah wasn't sure she hadn't imagined it, but when Matt when Matt brought his lips to her ear as he slide two fingers deep inside he and whispered,

"I've wanted to do this all day."

Sarah felt every nerve sensor in her body react and she knew indeed that it was real.

"God Matt," she moaned as she wiggled against him, pressing her throbbing clit against his thumb, "It feels so wonderful."

Then taking the chance that he had actually enjoyed hearing her talk dirty that morning, she whispered into his ear, in that low husky voice of hers as she nibbled his earlobe,

"Oh yes baby, just like that finger fuck my hot, wet pussy."

To show that he did enjoy the way she was talking Matt decided he would do exactly what she asked him. He began to increase his pace pumping his two fingers deeply in and out.

"Rub my clit with your thumb," she commanded.

Matt rubbed his thumb steadily back and forth over her clit, then changing to little circles paying special attention to the underside.

Sarah grasped both breast and pushed them together, "Lick my nipples,"

She said, "Lick them both."

Matt latched on to one nipple them the other licking and sucking them while his fingers pounded in and out of her pussy.

"Fuck me Matt," she cried out, " I want to cum all over your fingers, shove them in my cunt, oh yes like that, nice and deep."

Sarah couldn't believe the way she was talking, she couldn't even remember being this naughty with anyone, and she also couldn't remember ever being this horny before.

Sarah's moans and words were turning Matt on in was he'd never felt before either and he knew he'd like nothing more than to have her cum all over his fingers. Turning his palm upward and curling his fingers he began to pound Sarah's pussy, his mouth sucking hard on her nipple.

"That's it Matt," Sarah yelled, "Fuck me hard. Please Matt, finger fuck me and make me cum."

Matt did just that and as Sarah began cumming Matt could feel her pussy tighten around his fingers sucking them in deeper and deeper.

So when Sarah whispered, what she was sure she'd screamed, tell Matt that she was cumming, there was really no need because her body had already told him exactly that.

Grabbing Matt's face in her hands and pulling him down to kiss her Sarah inadvertently whispered,

"I love you Matt," before crushing her lips to his wiping out any need for him to reply.

As they continued to kiss and her orgasm subsided Sarah's breath returned to normal, but her heart continued to pound at the realisation of what she had said.

Matt pulled back and looked straight into her eyes,

"I love you too. I think I have since the first time we were together."

Matt silenced Sarah with a kiss, and when her hand reached between them to guide him inside her Matt drew back saying,

"Not yet sweetie, we're just getting started." Then proceeded to lick and kiss his way down her body.

As he used his hands to stroke and tease her inner thighs, Matt also used them to guide Sarah's thighs open. When Sarah placed her hands on his shoulders and said his name, he wasn't sure if she was asking him to continue of trying to tell him to stop.

Sarah her self wasn't sure. She knew that after today's bike ride Matt knew exactly what she liked and she shivered in anticipation, however being pleasured orally was such an intimate act that Sarah longed to give into all those anxieties. She wondered how she would taste, even after having tasted her self on numerous occasions and even having Matt taste her on numerous occasions, this would be the first time he had ever tasted her directly and she'd already cum more than once today.

Matt was kissing the inside of Sarah's thighs when he felt her muscles tighten, as he moved between the two kissing each in turn, his breath exhaled just as he moved over Sarah's mons. He could smell her excitement and see where her orgasm had left her sweet juices clinging to her fragrant hair. What he wanted was to bury his face in her pussy and suck her clit until she came hard on his tongue, but he also wanted it to last, not just for her enjoyment but for his as well.

Long slow sweeps of his tongue sometimes lightly and other time firmly, teased Sarah's pussy. Matt was doing everything she had described to him earlier in the day and when he sucked one of her pussy lips into his mouth she thought she would pass out from pleasure.

Matt continued to tease her making every attempt to stay completely away from her clit. Sarah wiggled delightfully beneath him and as he slipped his tongue inside her, he hoped it was enough to talk dirty again.

Thousands of sexy, dirty, naughty and even raunchy phrases passed through Sarah's mind as Matt ate her pussy. Sarah knew words that could make even a hard-nosed trucker blush, but when it came to saying them in front of someone she cared about, Sarah was suddenly struck overwhelmingly shy. But when Matt slides his tongue deep inside her hot box it was like a damn burst.

"Oh fuck Matt," she yelled, "Suck my clit, God please, shove your tongue in deeper, lick my snatch, FUCK YES, make me cum."

Matt smiled to himself as the words shot from her lips and Matt redoubled his efforts, moving his mouth to her clit and shoving two fingers deep inside her.

"That's it baby," Sarah panted, "Suck my clit and fuck me with those fingers. Harder Matt use your tongue while you suck it, make my pussy cum hard."

Matt pumped his finger faster, his tongue alternating from side to side then up and down, going faster with each twitch. Sarah's pussy was pulling and sucking Matt's fingers in deep even after he rotated them upwards.

"God Matt, don't stop." Sarah cried getting closer to cumming, "Finger fuck my cunt, like that, harder baby, suck my clitty that's it now lick it. Oh yes, eat me out Matt lick me good."

Sarah's hips were bucking in an effort to get more of her pussy into Matt's mouth and when she reached down and pulled one pussy lip open, along with Matt holding the other the hood of her clit slipped back and the super sensitive underside was peeking straight out at Matt.

Matt immediately wrapped his lips around the naked nub and began sucking hard, shoving his fingers as deep inside as he could.

Charlene screamed and clenched her pussy.

"FUCK MATT," she screeched, "Suck my cunt I'm going to cum all over you pretty face. Eat my cunt, finger fuck me, GOD yes Matt I'm cumming."

Sarah's juices literally gushed from her pussy coating Matt's face and fingers. Her body quaked and shivered almost violently under his tongue. Each pass over her clit sent a series of smaller intense orgasms through her until she was begging Matt to stop.

Matt reluctantly withdrew his tongue from her pussy and when he moved to do the same with his fingers he couldn't resist rubbing his thumb gently over her clit, triggering another orgasm. Then he gently closed her legs, with his hand on her thigh he could feel her twitching beneath his hand. Once her thighs were closed Matt gave one last lick between her outer lips before coming to lay along side her.

Sarah just lay there trying to breathe and praying her heart would return to normal. Never in her adult life had she ever experienced anything like this and she didn't trust herself to speak. She wanted badly to reciprocate but she was still unable to move most of her body parts. So when Matt leaned over and asked,

"You like?"

Sarah was only able to reach over and take his face in her hands, bringing it down to hers tasting the warm juices from her pussy on Matt's lips.

Matt groaned against Sarah's lips when he felt her spread her thighs. He has wanted to give her a chance to recover from what he new to be the most intense orgasm she'd ever experienced, but the feel of her still hot, wet pussy against his pulsating cock was too much.

"Are you sure?" he whispered against Sarah's mouth.

Nodding she said, "please Matt, I've been waiting all day for this."

There was a slight pleading in her voice so that when Matt slides himself inside Sarah, his mind suddenly became blank. All he could feel was the hot velvetiness of the depths of her pussy. The sudden tightness as her walls closed around him encasing him as though he were inside a glove. He held himself inside her until the temperature cooled a little and Sarah's body adjusted to the intrusion of his throbbing, rock hard cock.

Once Sarah's pussy had adjusted she began to rock her hips back and forth trying to pull Matt deeper, tightening herself with every minuscule thrust. As Matt's excitement cooled he was able to begin moving with in her, he made long slow strokes in and out, grinding his pelvis against hers whenever he got in deep. Both sets of hands fondling and caressing one another.

Their mouths teasing and nibbling and sucking each other, their pace no longer frantic but slow and sedate. Matt wrapped his arms under Sarah's and over her shoulders bringing the two of them closely together, there wasn't enough room for the sunlight to penetrate between them.

"Oh Matt," Charlene whispered in his ear, her other words lost in the wind.

Each was covered in a light sheen of perspiration and Sarah ran her tongue along the side of Matt's neck savouring the taste of him. Matt kissed a drop of sweat from the tip of Sarah's nose while drawing himself out of her, leaving them both filling empty. With soft mummers, Matt thrust himself deeply inside Sarah causing the head of his cock to push past the opening to her cervix, Sarah moaned deeply as the unexpected orgasm ripped through her body. Intending to say only that she was cumming, the words,
