 Chapter 4: Lightening Strikes

When Sarah left the house that morning the weather report had said it would rain, even the darkening sky had said it would rain, but Sarah figured that by the time she was ready to make her way home the rain would have passed and the day would be once again bright and beautiful. This was the kind of thinking that usually got her into trouble. So why would today be any different? Well, fate had a way of moving things along in the direction it wanted them today, so hurrying out the door without her umbrella, fate just told Sarah that she was in for an interesting day to say the least. Little did Sarah know that fate had planned this day for a long, long time.

Before the rain started it was one of those days that make you sorry you have to move. The air was so hot and oppressive that you couldn't move without sweating and doing anything remotely fun was completely out of the question. Sarah decided the best place to be was somewhere cool and air-conditioned, the mall. Wearing a very light yellow flowered t-shirt and long flowing soft yellow skirt Sarah headed out that morning, deciding she didn't feel like lugging an umbrella around all day, she figured she would face the rain head on and have dinner out if it started, then take a taxi home.

You could tell by people's attitudes that the humidity was starting to get to them, everyone seemed to be snapping at one another, and the general mood was one of discomfort. Things had gotten so bad; Sarah began to wish for a good hard rain, one that would finally cool everyone off. The day turned out to be pretty uneventful and as the temperatures soared so did the tempers. Sarah decided to call it a day and headed for home, hoping the rain would hold off just a little while longer. It did but only long enough for her to get too far home to turn back and far enough out in the middle of no where with no phone or shelter.

The sky seemed to open up and pour a ton of water everywhere. In seconds Sarah was soaked to the skin making her blouse cling to her as though it were her second skin. The breeze against the wet blouse causing a chill and making her nipples protrude hard and proud, the water even ran down the backs of her legs and the inside of her thighs. All in all making Sarah almost completely miserable. If it hadn't been so cold, Sarah would have sat down and cried at the suddenness of the downpour, still two miles or more from home the walk was strenuous enough for her but couple with the rain she knew she would be more than miserable by the time she reached home.

Matt slowed his speed as the heavens opened up and caused the roads to become slick and dangerous. He knew that everyone would enough the respite from the humidity, but he also knew that some people never learned to drive in inclement weather at that made for hazardous driving conditions. He was still a couple of miles from home and he definitely wanted to make it home alive. 

He noticed her right away, slowly plodding along, soaked to the skin, her blouse plastered against her. He thought to stop and offer her a ride, thinking she looked like a drowned rat but he was past her by the time her completed the full thought. As he drove along Matt was unable to get her out of his mind. The shirt had left little to the imagination and he had glimpsed her hard nipples pressing against the wet material, when something in him began to stir and harden, he was pretty sure that the rain had nothing to do with it, but perhaps, he thought as he took the turn and headed back to offer her a ride that a certain drenched red-head might have a little something to do with it.

When Matt pulled up beside Sarah, first she was going to ignore him, never one to take rides from strangers even in the pouring rain, and on her lips was a polite refusal but once she realised who it was she was still going to refuse him when she saw that he was driving his Jag. 

"Hi," Matt said, "Wanna ride?"

As Sarah leaned against the side of his car to talk to him Matt was able to see directly down the front of her shirt.

Unaware of the fact, Sarah smiles at him, "Thanks for the offer," she said, "But if you think I'm getting into this beautiful car when I'm soaking wet you better think again."

"I could make you wetter, then it wouldn't matter." Matt said with a mischievous grin on his face.

Sarah blushed hotly trying to figure out if Matt was flirting with her or not, worried about getting the wrong idea.

"Seriously though," he continued, "I have a nice warm blanket in the back."

Sarah was still hesitant, but she was standing there getting wetter by the minute and at least it was leather so it would dry easier.

"Well…" she started as Matt popped open the door and reached into the back seat for the blanket, her decision made for her.

"Here," he said, "Put it under you and then wrap the rest around you."

Matt had a way of making people feel comfortable and put Sarah at ease immediately.

"Thanks," Sarah said and then promptly sneezed. Great she thought all I need now is a cold. Sarah shivered a little at the air conditioning in the car.

"Bless you," Matt said, "But I think you should get out those wet clothes, I promise not to look." He added.

Sarah giggled at the thought of anyone being interested in seeing her naked and at the thought of stripping in the car, "Sure, sure," she joked, "If you're not going to watch I'm not going to strip."

Matt smiled at her, GOD; she thought what a sexy sweet smile.

Matt was kind of hoping she was serious about him watching her strip, but he also suspected she wasn't.

"OK," he said, "If you want me to watch, you'll just have to wait until I find a place to pull over,"

Sarah laughed out loud at the idea, but also came to her senses that she was still sitting there in soaking wet clothes and it wasn't doing her any good. Plus the blanket was plenty big enough to cover even her. After rummaging around in her purse and locating a plastic bag, Sarah tucked herself into the blanket holding it closed with her teeth as she wriggled out of her wet things.

"You know," Matt said, "If you let me watch you wouldn't have to hold the blanket."

Sarah tried to smile at Matt but the blanket slipped from her mouth and knowing she would be embarrassed at exposing her self to him, Matt instinctively reached for the falling blanket, winding up with his hand resting solidly on Sarah's naked breast.

Neither Matt nor Sarah took a breath for a moment and then it was only the sudden movement of something in front of them that caused Matt to break contact. Both mumbled something to each other, his resembling sorry, hers resembling thanks. Truth was his sorry had meant he was sorry he had to move his hand, her thanks was for him touching her in the first place.

Sarah managed to wiggle out of the wet skirt without further incident and securely tucked the blanket firmly around her self. Matt glanced over and allowed his eyes to linger along the slope of her pale white shoulders and neck, then down her arms to her fingers. Sarah had long fingernails painted a dark colour and Matt wonder how they would look wrapped around his cock.

Sarah noticed Matt looking at her hand and then quickly looking away. She couldn't be sure but she swore she saw him blush. As Matt moved to shift gears Sarah followed his hand to the gear shaft, her eyes accidentally coming to rest momentarily on his crotch. She could see the outline of his cock pressed against his jeans and thought to her self that he looked hard but wondered why?

When Sarah went to put her hand on Matt's arm, she let it slip and it fell against his thigh. His muscles were hard to her touch and she said as much.

"Man," she said, "Is your thigh muscle hard."

"It's not the only thing," he said, glancing down at her hand still resting on his thigh only inches from his cock.

Sarah laughed at that and Matt responded,

"That's been known to happen, when there was a naked women sitting in the car next to me."

"Now," Sarah said, "If only you were attracted to me."

"Trust me," Matt said, "That is not a problem."

Sarah sat back in her seat and wondered at that statement. Was it actually possible that Matt was attracted to her? Lord knew she was attracted to him, what the heck she thought and she decided to go for it.

Slowly she slide her hand up the inside of Matt's thigh, since he were driving she knew he couldn't be distracted, however he did glance over at her, eyes slightly widening as she placed her hand purposefully on his crotch. His cock was indeed hard and pressing tightly against the material of his jeans.

"You don't mind do you?" Sarah asked in a tone of false innocence.

"Umm, No," Matt managed to get out trying to keep his eyes on the road.

Sarah's fingers deftly lowered the zipper and undid the button, while he slide forward a bit allowing her better access.

Looking around before releasing his cock from the confines of his pants, Sarah gave Matt one last smile before leaning down into his lap. For a moment Mikey was sure if what he thought was happening was really happening and he wanted to pinch himself to be sure. But once her felt the first tentative flicks of her tongue he knew it was real.

Matt has a beautiful cock, Sarah thought to her self as her tongue began to slowly circle the head. I had to be at least eight inches long and several inches around. The head was smooth and felt slick against her tongue. Using one hand in inch his jeans down a little more she wrapped her lips around him just under the cock head and sucked. Sucking hard she let her tongue tease the tip and flick slowly back and forth along it, her teeth lightly scrapping the head nibbling it. Gently drawing her teeth from the underside up to the tip the sucking it back into her mouth.

Matt was going a little crazy trying to concentrate on the road and not what was going on in the car. The blanket Sarah had been wearing had come undone and was sliding down revealing her back. Coupled with what she was doing with her tongue was driving him nuts. If they didn't get where they were going soon, he was going to have to pull over.

Just then Sarah decided to deep throat Matt's cock, holding her mouth open around it, she began to slowly lower it until the head was resting against the back of her throat before closing her lips around it. Getting it wet, Sarah pushed her mouth down hard, plunging it deep into her throat.

God, she thought, it was so big and he tasted so good, she needed almost desperately to taste him more. She began to suck his cock in earnest, making her mouth wet and slick, pumping him fast up and down using her mouth to apply pressure in both directions. Then wrapping her hand around the base and lightly squeezing along the length, pre-cum oozing from the head. Sarah was sucking it off savouring the taste of him, and teasing him with her tongue before once again swallowing him deep in her throat.

Sarah was so intent on what she was doing that she didn't notice that the car had stopped and they were parked in her driveway. As much as Matt was enjoying it he knew that now that they had stopped moving anyone walking by could see what was going on inside the car. Groaning he whispered, "Sarah, stop."

Not sure she had heard right and wondering why he had said stop Sarah lifted her head from his lap reluctantly letting go of his cock.

"Huh?" was all she could manage.

"We're stopped sweetie." Matt said looking down at her.

"Oh," Sarah was suddenly very embarrassed, it was one thing to be spontaneous, but it was another thing to be caught doing it. Before she had a chance to speak any more Matt swept Sarah across the seat and proceeded to kiss her soundly.

Sarah's head was spinning never in her life had she felt so incredibly good. She and Matt were letting their lips explore each other their tongues stroking one another, Sarah's blanket had long since fallen away exposes her breasts to Matt, when she felt his thumb brush softly across her nipple, making it even harder than she thought possible. When Matt covered it with his palm Sarah arched her back and pressed more firmly against him.

Though the sensation was making her crazy, Sarah secretly wished he would replace his hand with his mouth. Then as though reading her mind Matt did just that. Suddenly breaking their kiss he closed his mouth around one of her aching nipples. Using his tongue and teeth to tease and taunt them, making Sarah moan.

Sarah knew she should stop, but she didn't want to, she want to go further and soon, just not in the driveway. Grabbing Matt's hand and her blanket, she tugged him with her.

"Come with me," she said.

Matt started to say something about his pants being undone, but thought better of it not wanting to ruin the mood. Sarah was pulling him towards the back yard and the rain had slowed but continued to beat down on them, and in a few seconds Matt's white tank top was plastered to his skin. Sarah lead Matt deep into the yard, where there was a double size hammock, still holding the blanket Sarah knelt down and pulled Matt's shirt off as she went. His chest was glorious and Sarah ran her hand across it caressing him as Matt removed his soaked jeans and boxer briefs. God she thought how unknowingly sexy can you get. Slowly she opened the blanket and her self to Matt.

As Matt's mouth once again came down on her, Sarah felt the head of his cock pushing against her. When she thought Matt was about to enter her, he would shift and the tip of his cock would brush against her clit teasing her. Though Sarah's body was already slick and ready, it seemed to get impossible wetter with each brush on her clit.

"God, Matt," Sarah moaned "Your driving me crazy."

Matt grinned down at her enjoying the feeling of slow torture he was inflicting then catching her eyes, he watched intently as he entered her.

A low groan of pleasure escaped both their lips once Matt was fully inside her as the rain cooled their skin but not their passion for each other. Thrust after thrust Matt pounded inside her, stroke after stroke Sarah moved with him, her body arching and throbbing hard against his invasion. Their hearts pounded in rhythm loudly drowning out all other sound. Rainwater pooled and ran in rivulets over their bodies, clinging to their lips and eyelashes. Their mouths biting and sucking while stroke after stroke pushed them closer and closer to climax. They failed to notice the storm had once again begun to increase the thunder rolling and growing louder with each stroke. The lightening striking so near it felt as thought it was right overhead.

Sarah felt nothing but the sensations of Matt's cock pounding inside her, each stroke pressing against her clit driving her nearer to cumming. She nibbled Matt's ears, but the sound of her pleasure lost in the intensity of the storm.

Matt couldn't believe the feeling of being inside her, so wet and warm the strength of her muscles clenching and pulling him in deeper. 

With their mouth pressed hard against each other whispers of love lost in the violence of the storm around them, Matt felt Sarah's body clench around him tightening as her climax took her over the edge, pulling Matt along. Thrusting deep inside her the both came hard. Breathing shallow and hard their hearts pounding, Matt collapsed on top of her.

Slowly the storm began to abate and Sarah and Matt lat together, letting their heartbeats and breathing return too normal. Wrapping the now soggy blanket around them, they lay in each other's arms.

"So," Sarah said, "Think anyone noticed that we're here?"

"Shhhh," Matt laughed, "Let me hold you a little bit longer." Bringing his lips down and slowly kissing her.

"Thanks for coming to pick me up by the way. But I still didn't want to get into the car. Sarah said.

"Sweetie," Matt started, "It's just a car, and like I was really going to leave you there soaking wet."

Sarah looked up into Matt's eyes, even though there were still times when she wasn't sure being involved with him was the right thing to be doing, she couldn't deny, that mostly it was the only thing she could do.

"I love you Matt," Sarah said as she snuggled closer to him.

"I love you to sweetie."