 It was one of those days it started out fine but you know something was going to happen before the day was over. Being a natural flirt Sarah tended to forget, a lot actually, that not all men are interested in her type, but most will usually flirt back. 

Sarah has a "thing" for the following kind of men, tall blondes with blue eyes and buffed bodies. She's not shallow; she just wound up getting in trouble when one shows interest in her, in anyway. 

So on this particular day Sarah had some errands to attend to so she threw on something light because it was summer and she didn't want to get over heated. 

She was wearing a soft yellow floral sundress and strappy yellow sandals with about a two-inch heel. Though she had a bra underneath she refuse to wear panties when it's hot. While she was out running errands wouldn't you know it her car started giving her problems, then suddenly it wouldn't start. Great she thought stranded, what was she going to do. 

Well the only thing she could do is call someone to come get the car and me. So she called a garage and they said they would send a tow truck and bring both the car and her back to the shop. Great she thought yellow sundress greasy workshop, write off that dress. 

So when the tow truck arrived out steps the most incredible looking guy Sarah had ever seen, he was 6 '6 about 220 pounds with blonde hair and deep blue eyes, Sarah almost creamed just standing there of course now she'd have to get into a truck with this guy and try not to get a wet spot on her dress. On top of everything he has a great smile and before she knows what she's doing Sarah is totally flirting with this guy and he is flirting back. 

He looks at the car and says he knows what it might be but he has to take it back to the shop. Sarah asks how long it will take to fix and if she should just send it with him and catch a ride home. He says it won't be that long but if she doesn't want to wait at the shop he would be happy to give a sexy lady a ride home. Now Sarah is in total trouble she knew she should go home but she hears herself saying the shop is fine just so she can look at him for a while. 

On the ride back to the shop the flirting continues it even goes as far as him "accidentally" putting his hand on her thigh. Sarah wasn't stopping him. Suddenly out of the blue he says you know you have beautiful eyes. Sarah could have picked her jaw up off the floor, she was so taken aback that she barely managed to get thank you out. He smiled at her and said your welcome. 

By this time they had pulled up to the shop when he jumps out, runs around to the door and opens it for Sarah. She figures he doesn't want her to hurt his truck by touching something she shouldn't but then he offers her his hand to help her get down, electricity raced through her body as she touched him and he seemed very reluctant to let her go although he did. 

He took Sarah into the shop and she was relieved to see that there was a waiting area and hardly any grease to be seem, she also noticed that they were only the two in the place. He said that Sarah should make herself comfortable and help herself to anything she wanted in the fridge, it was stocked with cold drinks and snacks. Sarah said thank you and went to take a chair that looked out on the bay.

A few minutes later he had her car up on the hoist and was busy working away. She could see that it was hot in the shop because in seconds he was sweating and as luck would have it he reached up and peeled the t-shirt off. 

Man, Sarah was glad she didn't have to sit down it would have been a wet mess. Her nipples were throbbing and all she could think of was finding a bathroom to relieve some tension. 

Though she hated to disturb him, he hadn't pointed out where the bathroom was. So Sarah figured since she had to go out there anyway she would take him an ice cold bottle of water. Grabbing it she headed into the bay, it was hot and there was music playing in the back ground, Sarah wasn't sure if he would hear her approaching or not, and didn't realised is that he was underneath in a hollowed space standing under the car. 

"Excuse me" she said totally unaware that when he looked up he could see right up her dress. He stuck his head out and smiled Yes? The way in which he said that made Sarah realised he could see everything. Stepping back quickly she asked if she could speak to him for a moment and he was suddenly standing beside her, way too closely and her temperature went up a few degrees. 

"I was just wondering if I could use the bathroom." she asked "And I thought you might like some water" holding out the bottle. Thanks he said taking the bottle, his muscles rippled and his chest glistened and he opened the bottle and drank it straight down spilling a little on his chest making Sarah wish she could follow it with her tongue as she watch it glide down his chest and disappear under his waistband. 

"Thanks" he said, "I needed that."

He knew she'd watched the water run down and she had visibly looked down at his crotch. Sarah could see the outline of his cock and wondered if it were hard. But then quickly remember what she was doing. 

Swallowing hard she said, "Your welcome and that bathroom please."

"I'll show you," he said and lead her to the other side of the shop. He held a door for her and they walked past an office and down a small hall. 

"The bathroom is through there," he stated and then said if you really need it. 

Sarah looked at him strangely not sure what he met. 

"I beg you pardon?"

"Well," he said, "I just wanted to know if you needed to use the bathroom or if you were planning on relieving some tension."

Sarah's face got really red, OMG how did he know that was he reading my mind. He quickly closed the gap between them.

"Actually" he said, "I was going to do the same thing myself but Id rather help you instead."

He reached down and tilted Sarah's chin up so she could look in his eyes, she thought he was looking to see if he had the go ahead and Sarah was damn sure not going to stop him. With one hand on either side of her body he pressed her to the wall and started kissing her. His body was pressed so tightly against her, Sarah could feel that indeed his cock was rock hard. He grabbed one hand and brought it down to press against it. 

"Yeah," he said, "And its been that way since I got out of the truck at the parking lot. You in that sundress gave me an instant hard on." 

Good Lord he was massive at least 9 inches long and 3 inches around.

"Why don't we go back to the office" he said. Sarah could only nod and follow. 

Once in the office he leads her to the sofa and lowered the two of them to sit. At that point he laid Sarah back and started kissing her. His hands went to the hem of her dress and began to stroke up and down the inside of Sarah's thigh. He had mans hands and they were a little rough to the touch, but God they felt good. Sarah moved her mouth to taste the skin that had been driving her crazy, he was damp and salty and he smell glorious. 

"My God you smell good," she said. 

"Not as good as you," he replied. 

As Sarah moved her mouth down to his throat she wished they were in different positions so that she could move more freely and tried shifting a little. Sarah figured he got the hint because he put one knee between her thighs and leaned up. Sarah sat up and brought her mouth to the hollow at the base of his throat. He murmured and she felt his hands on her shoulders lower the straps of the dress. Sarah slide her hand down and undid his jeans, slowly lowering the zipper. His mouth moved to her shoulder and neck and Sarah was forced to stop what she was doing when he started kissing her neck. 

He worked his way around her collarbone and moved lower on her body pulling the front of the dress down. Once he has exposed her bra you could see how hard her nipples were. He cupped one breast and ran his thumb over the nipple send shockwaves right through Sarah's pussy to her toes. He used his mouth on the nipple right through the silk and slide one hand behind her unfastening the clasp. He slide the bra from her body and immediately took one nipple in his mouth. Sarah arched her back hoping to get more into his mouth when he leaned her back again. Sarah had managed to get his pants undone but that was it and in two seconds her dress was coming off and she'd be naked. 

Gasping with pleasure Sarah managed to get the word wait out, and he looked up from where he had been suckling her breast. His lips were swollen and so incredibly sexy she almost forgot what she wanted when she pulled his mouth down. This time her hand slide into his jeans and wrapped around his cock. He pressed into her and she could hear the sign on her lips not sure if it was his or hers. He stood to make it easier but pulling back from her left a look of disappointment on her face. 

"It's ok," he said dropping his pants, "I'm coming right back." 

He did, right back between her thighs stretched over her. Sarah felt his naked thigh press against her pussy and hoped it wasn't soaking him on contact. She told him that she needed him naked for skin on skin contact. He stood quickly removing her dress and then removing his boxer briefs. His cock sprang forward hard and ready and Sarah knew she had to have it in her mouth so when he went to lay back down she slipped under him until the head of his cock brushed her lips. 

"Oh," he said in surprise as Sarah started to tease the head of his cock. There was precum dripping from it and he tasted as good as he looked. Sarah finally took just the head in her mouth ,her pussy gushed with wetness, his cock was magnificent and he slowly slid a little more into her mouth. Sarah put her hands on his ass and encouraged him to work his cock in and out of her warm wet mouth. Stroke after stroke he slide a little more in until if hit the back of her throat. 

He had stopped moving so Sarah reached up and took his hand placing it on the back of her head. He understood without words what she wanted him to do. He held her head and began to push his cock past the resistance in her throat. Going slowly so that she could breath he finally managed to break past the resistance and slid nicely into Sarah's throat.

Holding her breath she didn't gag and was able to pull it out slowly going back to teasing the head. Suddenly he pulled out of her mouth and had his face near her pussy licking her thighs. In the summer Sarah like to keep her pussy hairless so you could visibly see how wet she was. He ran his tongue up one side and down the other of her outer lips making her shiver. Time and again his would run his tongue up and down licking only the outer lips until Sarah was begging for him to eat her pussy. 

Using one hand he spread the outer lips exposing her throbbing clit and then expertly ran his tongue over it. Short steady strokes along her clit made her body was throb with need. He lowered his mouth and slid his tongue deeply inside Sarah's pussy, flicking it quickly up and down side to side. 

"Oh God," she moaned "Your going to make me cum."

He increased the pace and then moved back to her clit at first using just a bit to flick quickly back and forth. Then using the flat tongue to cover it with long licks back and forth. "OMG," she moaned, "Eat my cunt, make me cum suck my clit."

As soon as he started sucking her clit familiar tremors took over and Sarah began cumming hard and wet. She could feel her juices running down her ass and his tongue lapping as quickly as it could try to catch every drop. Once the major tremors stopped, his tongue ran long gentle swipes over her whole pussy, making it throb more. Finally she couldn't take it anymore she needed him to be inside her. 

":Fuck me please I need to feel you inside me," Sarah said. 

He lifted up a little on his arms and moved into position. Sarah placed her hand on the side of his head wanting to kiss him when he entered her. His mouth was wet and warm and tasted of her juices, she felt the head of his cock brush her clit as it worked its way down resting outside her entrance. Sarah felt the head push through at the same time his tongue slipped into tease her tongue and when he plunged deep inside her she bite his bottom lip. 

Moving slowly at first, kissing and enjoying the sensations, it wasn't long before the pace quickened and the kisses became more insistent and powerful. Tongues teased each other their teeth nibbled and pulled as their mouths sucked at one another. The pace because frantic stroke after stroke harder and harder deeper and faster he went until the only thing recognisable was the sound of their breathing and their hearts. Sarah's body began to tighten and she knew it wouldn't be long.

"I'm going to cum," she whispered into his ear. 

"Me too," he said. 

Faster they went each stroke deep inside Sarah's pussy. She felt it tighten and knew she was going over the edge. 

"God," she said. "I'm cumming." and felt her body convulse and release. It felt so good Sarah could feel him cumming and when he exploded she felt his cum hit the back of her pussy. It was intense and he drove deep inside her holding there, while he came hard and long. Sarah's own body wracked with shivers and spasms. He moved his mouth down to hers kissing her hard then a little slower. 

"I love you," Matt said.

"I love you too." responded Sarah, "But do you think Steve is going to be mad when he finds out what we did in his garage."

"I don't think so." Mike said "Besides I don't plan on telling him."

"Well I didn't think you would but every time I pass this office I'm going to remember."

Matt laughed, "I know but it's ok, it will be our little secret."