 Chapter 5 A Night Out With The Girls

Dance clubs, singles bars, pick up joints, it didn't matter what you called them, they were all the same to Sarah and she'd spent all her adult life avoiding them like the plague. She had never enjoyed being the token "fat chick" and since she started dating Matt she'd been able to avoid them, that is until tonight. Matt's kid brother was playing a gig with his band and a couple of her friends had coerced her into going out. Great, she thought, another night of being the designated driver. Though she supposed it could be worse at least she didn't have to go through what Matt did.

Sarah decided she would dress more for comfort than for style and put on black denims, her black high heeled boots and purple leather jacket with matching purple camisole, finishing the outfit with the white gold locket Matt had given her and dangly white gold hoop earrings. After applying minimal make up, Sarah was good to go.

Once she had picked everyone else up they decided to head to a "hip" new club. Swell, Sarah thought "hip", she was getting a headache already.

Upon arriving and finding a nice quiet table they ordered their drinks and immediately hit the dance floor, once again leaving Sarah to foot the bill. The waiter stood waiting patiently while Sarah forged around in her purse looking for her cash, when a deep voice piped in with,

"Here," it said. "Let me get that for you."

Sarah was stunned and looked up into the most incredible blue eyes. "Thank you," she stammered, "But they aren't all mine."

"Thank goodness," the voice smiled, "The thought of four drinks for one person was making me a little nervous."

"Actually," Sarah continued, "I don't drink anything but Diet soda."

Sarah heard an unnatural giggling sound and realised it was coming from her. Mortified she grabbed her soda and gulped it causing herself to choke, when the voice patted her on the back inquiring if she was all right.

"Fine, thanks it just went down the wrong way."

"Mind if I sit?" the voice added.

"No, not at all." Sarah said gesturing to an empty chair.

"I'm Matt by the way," He said extending his hand.

"I'm Sarah," she said in return letting the conversation lag.

Matt began making small talk but Sarah found that all she could do was smile and nod. Giving herself a mental shake she reminded herself that he was probably interested in one of her friends and she could control herself. Beside everyone always said what a good personality she had, so she may as well use it.

Matt was so easy to talk to even if it was just small talk and Sarah barely noticed that her friends were leaving the dance floor and heading for the table.

"Quick," she said to Matt, "Tell me which one you like and I'll put in a good word for you."

"Ok," said Matt, "But I'm interested in you."

Sarah sat with a stunned look on her face as her three friends joined them and promptly fell all over Matt, not that she blamed them. Matt was well over 6 feet and big, not fat by any means, just big. He had broad shoulders and big hands plus arms that would make any women feel secure wrapped in them. Sarah wondered what his butt looked like and then felt herself blush at the thought. 

In one way Sarah was glad she wasn't like her friends, not that she wouldn't enjoy attention from a man on occasion, but she didn't care for the way they had to act to get it.

Sure this Matt guy was totally hot, but he didn't seem interested and they were still basically throwing themselves at him.

"Sarah, earth to Sarah?" Matt was waving his hand in front of her face.

"Oh sorry," she said, "I guess I was a million miles away. What were you saying?"

Matt leaned in closer to her ear and whispered "Help, save me, dance with me?"

Sarah so enjoyed the look on her friends' faces when she got up to dance with Matt, that if he'd asked her to fly to the moon, she would have paid for the gas.

Even though Sarah could do most of the newest dance moves. She was well aware that 98% of people didn't care to see her move that way. But in Matt's arms it didn't seem to matter. They moved as though their bodies had been made for each other. The band was good and the soon switched to slower music, she was expecting Matt to return her to the table, and she saw that her friends each had a look of anticipation on their facing, wondering which one he would chose to dance with next. She knew they were all thinking how sweet it was of Matt to have asked Sarah for a mercy dance.

When Matt pulled Sarah closer into his arms, it appeared he had no intention of letting her go.

Matt looked directly into Sarah's eyes as though he were searching for an answer to some unspoken question.

"Something wrong?" he asked as he nuzzled close to her ear.

Sarah couldn't speak with him so close, his breathing was slightly laboured and in a flash Sarah wondered what he would sound like in bed. She blushed hotly and quickly banished the thought from her mind.

"You smell great," said Matt, "What are you wearing?"

Sarah laughed, "Ummm, bath soap?"

Matt laughed too, "Well, it smells great on you."

When the band took a break, they headed back to the table. Sarah was annoyed to see that her friends, who normally would have been in some dark corner, making out with some strange guy, were all sitting anxiously awaiting their return.

"So Matt," started one of Sarah's friends Tammy, "Tell us all about yourself."

Matt smiled indulgently, "What do you want to know?"

"Everything," gushed Tammy, "Like are you married, single, do you have kids, a job, a car, why you danced with Sarah, if your gay? You know just everything."

For once in her life Sarah wasn't hurt by Tammy's comments, she was angry and she was sure Matt was going to say something, she only hoped it wasn't embarrassing.

"Well," he started as Sarah held her breath. "I'm single, two kids, yes a job cause she has a great ass, I'm not gay and you are no kind of friend."

Sarah's other friends giggled at his answers, none of them much cared for Tammy or the way she treated Sarah, especially around men. They knew Sarah was shy, very self-conscious and that she never felt good enough. They had tried for years to tell her they didn't feel that way and to build up she self confidence, too know avail. Now Tammy on the other hand was just a bitch.

Sarah looked at Matt and he winked at her, making her tummy jump.

"Excuse me," she said starting to rise, "I need to use the ladies room."

"I'll go with you," Tammy said quickly rising. "Don't go away Matt I'll be right back."

Matt looked confused at that remark and just shook his head.

Once in the bathroom Sarah knew that Tammy was going to try and start something, it was what she always did when Sarah had something that Tammy wanted. But Sarah didn't understand why Tammy would think that Sarah had Matt.

Sarah ran her fingers through her hair and was about to refresh her lipstick when she stopped to wonder if Matt might kiss her. Tammy of course picked right up on the hesitation and actually laughed.

"Come on Sarah," she said. "You don't really think he's going to want to kiss you?"

Sarah looked at Tammy and slipped the lipstick back into her purse.

"No, Tammy" she sighed, "I wasn't thinking about Matt kissing me, I was thinking about me kissing Matt."

As the two left the ladies room Tammy couldn't resist adding on more little jab.

"Sarah," she began, "As your friend I feel that only I can tell you this. Matt is so out of your league, that the most you'll ever get out of him is a pity fuck."

Sarah felt herself turning scarlet but quickly regained her composure,

"Well," she returned, "That's something you'd know all about isn't it."

When they arrived back at the table both seats on either side of Matt were occupied and neither female seemed to have any intention of leaving. Matt on the other hand had such a beseeching look on his face, that he needed to be rescued. Sarah couldn't help herself she knew she needed to do something fast, but she'd never claimed a guy before; she had no idea what to do. Suddenly inspiration struck as Matt slid his chair away from the table. Sarah walked over between Matt and the table and straddled his lap, she took his somewhat surprised face in her hands and turned it upwards and kissed him with all she was worth.

It was kind of funny, if you had asked either one of them how long the kiss had lasted, neither of them would have been able to tell you. The only thing Sarah was aware of was the taste of Matt's mouth, the softness of his lips and the slight pressure of his kiss. She heard a minute change in his breathing and felt his hand on her face, as she moved one of her hands down his chest. She wasn't even aware of Matt's hand against the naked skin of her back.

Sarah gently nibbled Matt's bottom lip, tugging it lightly then releasing it. Matt slid his hand along Sarah's side sending an erotic shiver through her. Sarah felt her nipples harden and knew they were begging for Matt's mouth and hands. Slowly he slid his hand across her stomach and up under the curve of her breast, as his thumb brushed across her nipple reality, in the form of Tammy, brought them both crashing back to earth.

"Hey," she shouted, "Get a room would ya."

Pulling apart, the two realised that they'd almost made a public sceptical of themselves.

"I'm sorry," whispered Sarah into Matt's ear, "I don't know what came over me."

"I have a pretty good idea." grinned Matt, "But it will be our little secret, just so long as you don't make any sudden moves."

Sarah finally felt him pressed against her and caught on to what he was saying. Dumbfounded to find that she had made him hard just from kissing him, she tried to recall a time that had ever happened before.

Matt composed himself and then grabbed Sarah's hand pulling her onto the dance floor. The band was playing something slow and sexy so Matt and Sarah were forced to press closely against one another. 

Sarah whispered into Matt's ear, "Have you ever wanted to do something completely out of character?"

"Like what," Matt asked, "Maybe dropping your friends and running off with a guy you just picked up in a bar?"

Sarah knew it was now or never so grabbing Matt by the hand and pulling him with her she giggled, "Something like that."

Matt followed her lead wondering where she was taking him, and as they headed towards the bathrooms, he thought she must have to make a trip before they went wherever it was they were going. You can imagine his surprise when Sarah stuck her head in the men's room and noting the coast was clear pulled Matt quickly behind her.

"What are we…?"? Matt started to say but Sarah cut off any further conversation with her lips on his as she pulled him into the closet stall locking the door behind them. Sarah had her hands under the tank top Matt was wearing under his shirt practically before the door was locked. Tentively Sarah ran her hands across Matt's chest, he was, to quote what her mother always said, built like a brick shit house. Ever line and muscle defined right down to the six-pack abs. Matt shivered as her hand brush along his tummy then up along his chest and across his shoulders. Matt ran his tongue along her bottom lip tasting her before allowing it to slip into her awaiting mouth. Sarah's nipples tightened as Matt's tongue teased hers, she pulled his shirt down his arms trapping them behind his back. Sarah sat down on the toilet seat and grabbed Matt's belt pulling him closer. She looked up to watch his eyes as her hands worked his belt undone and then slowly slid the zipper of his jeans down. Taking action Sarah boldly shoved Matt's tank top up and pressed her lips against the naked flesh above his waist. His skin was soft and warm beneath her lips and Sarah nibbled her way around his belly button, as her fingers slipped inside the waistband of Matt's boxer-briefs. Sliding them slightly she slid her tongue along the bottom of his tummy to the curve of his hip.

Suddenly shy, Sarah glanced up to meet Matt's eyes; he had one hand holding up the tank top and the other bracing himself against the wall, his outer shirt lying carelessly on the floor at their feet. As Sarah gazed up into Matt's eyes she ran her tongue along her bottom lip moistening it, the mere act caused Matt to swallow hard. Gathering her courage, she lowered his boxers the remaining way and stole a glance, deciding that she needed a much better look at the naked, from the chest down anyway, body of Matt's. Sarah ran one finger along the length of Matt' cock, thinking to herself that he had to be at least 8 inches and so big around that she wondered if she'd be able to take him all the way inside her. Sarah loved the way he felt against her fingers and hand; his hard cock was such a contradiction, hard like steel, yet at the same time soft and smooth to the touch. As she continued to stroke him, Matt looked down in wonder at how he managed to find someone as sexual as he was in private but who still managed to maintain the image of a lady in public. Throw in a slight kinky side and he was delighted at the prospect. Matt hadn't realised that his mind had wandered until he felt the light brushing of Sarah's tongue along the head of his cock. It felt as though a soft breeze had passed through with little or no notice. Then next few swipes brought his mind right back into the situation. Sarah opened her mouth planning on just taking the head between her lips when inspiration stuck and she knew she had to see just how much she could take deep in her throat. Making sure to not actually touch any part of Matt's cock, she lowered her mouth slowly letting inch-by-inch slip into her mouth. The cock head just pressed lightly against the back of her throat

When she closed her lips around him and pushed him down, past the resistance in the back of her throat, until he was in deep. Even though it caused Sarah to gag a little she caught herself, holding it so she could let it slip out of her mouth, making the feeling last longer. With just the head remaining in her mouth, Sarah's tongue teased in small circles around the head then scrapping her teeth lightly over it. She released his cock from her mouth, with an audible pop, before once again taking it deep in her throat. Matt reached down and moved Sarah's hair away from the view, allowing him to see, as well as feel what she was doing to him. He watched almost hypnotically as Sarah slide his cock in and out of her throat, taking him deep and releasing him. Stroke after stroke Sarah suck him in and them slid him almost out. Her mouth was so hot and wet that Matt wished it would never end. For just a moment when Sarah pulled her mouth from him Matt thought she had tried of her task but in the next instant she slipped one of his balls into her mouth. While paying his balls some much needed attention, Sarah wrapped her hand around the shaft of his cock, stroking up and down allowing her thumb to run across the head of Matt's cock. Her mouth devoured his balls sucking them into her mouth; teasing them with her tongue and then letting them slip from the warmth of her mouth of their own accord.

Sarah enjoyed the way Matt's balls felt in her mouth, it was such a rush knowing how much pleasure she gave him. The knowledge was almost enough to make her cum, but she also sensed that it wouldn't take Matt long to cum now either. Sarah renewed her assault on Matt's cock, using her tongue, teeth and mouth sucking him deep and swallowing him as though she was finishing the last of her favourite treat.

"God Sarah," Matt groaned, "Your going to make me cum."

Sarah smiled and caught Matt's eyes, an invisible sign passed between them, Matt knew that Sarah had given him permission to cum and Sarah knew he had to cum in her mouth, she needed to taste him. With a low growl Matt voiced what Sarah had been waiting for.

"Oh Sarah I'm cumming," he moaned and let himself explode into her waiting mouth.

Sarah swallowed him as deep as she could and felt his cum hit the back of her throat. Wave after wave of cum filled her throat making it difficult for her to take the entire load, but once Matt's orgasm had subsided Sarah was able to collect any that had escaped with her tongue as she cleaned Matt of every drop.

Once spent Matt slumped against the stall as Sarah reached into her purse for a mint, Matt still had the strength to grab her and pull her too him. Sarah barely had time to register what was going on that Matt had changed their positions, unzipped her jeans and pressed her against the stall wall. In the next second, Matt had slipped his hand inside of Sarah's pants and pressed his mouth to hers. Matt slide a finger inside of Sarah, as his tongue slipped into her mouth and began exploring the deep recesses. Their tongues teased as Matt's finger teased her clit, first making small circles then letting his palm cup the entire of her mons. Sarah worried for a moment that Matt would be turned off by how wet her pussy got, whenever she was this excited she got incredibly wet and men usually found that a turn off, but as Matt slipped the second finger inside her it became clear that he had no problem with it. 

Matt loved the feeling of Sarah's hot pussy around his fingers so much, that he couldn't help but wonder, how it would feel to have his cock buried deep inside it. She was tight and Matt could feel her muscles tightening even more around his fingers as she became increasingly aroused. He felt his cock getting hard again as he imagined pounding deep into the hot wet cunt, stroke after stroke, pounding harder and faster. With a third finger deep in her pussy and Matt's thumb teasing her clit Sarah knew she would cum quickly and pulled Matt's mouth tightly to hers, sinking her teeth into his bottom lip then sucking it.

When Sarah buried her face into Matt's neck he whispered in her ear,

"Come for me baby. I want to feel you cum all over my fingers." Matt said. "That's it just let go and cum for me."

Sarah needed no more encouragement and her body hurtled to the edge.

"I'm cumming," she gasped into Matt's neck and her body exploded in a million electrical sensations.

As the throbbing subdued and her breath came back to normal Sarah realised that Matt's lips were still pressed hard against hers, and his fingers still buried inside her.

"Thank you," was all she could say against his lips.

"No, thank you." Matt whispered back as he slowly withdrew his fingers from her pussy, wiggling them just a bit, making Sarah jump a little at the shock waves.

Sarah caught Matt's hand as he removed them from her jeans and brought them to her mouth, teasing her tongue up and down them, letting Matt know that she too enjoyed the taste of her pussy on his fingers. Matt moved his mouth and together the two of them cleaned her juice from his fingers taking pleasure in the way they tasted together.

Once they had composed themselves and caught their breath, with unspoken agreement the left the bathroom, slipping easily into the crowd on the dance floor. As they headed back to the table Matt caught Sarah's hand in his and pulled her a little closer to him

"Well," huffed Tammy, when they arrived back at the table, "Where in the world have you been. You know Sarah, when you're the one who's driving you can't just disappear like that. We've been waiting forever."

Sarah reached over and grabbed her glass, swallowing the contents as Tammy continued with her tirade.

"We've decided to get out of here, this club is a total bore and we want to go somewhere else." Then turning to Matt she said with a smile on her face. "Of course we'd love for you to join us Matt, and don't worry we won't let Sarah monopolize any more of your time."

Sarah reached into her purse and grabbed her car keys, throwing them to her other friend Sue.
