 Laine hurried into the bathroom, locking herself in quickly and bracing against the door with a sigh. Her face was flushed and soft tendrils of her long dark hair had escaped her careful braid to frame her face becomingly.

With trembling fingers, she pulled the letter from her pocket, its frayed surface betraying the many times it had been read. Her brow furrowed in concentration, and her eyes skipped over each familiar word. 

Do I miss you? I'm not sure if I do...but I know I feel addicted to who you seem to be...I want you to cum just thinking of me...I want my voice to send shivers of delight down your spine...I want your pussy to start to weep as soon as you see my name on a letter in your mailbox...

Laine shivered, feeling the wetness between her thighs and squeezing her legs together, feeling desperate. If only he knew!

Slowly, her fingers crept down to her swollen clit. Closing her eyes, she began to imagine him here beside her, his dark eyes staring intently at her, his large hands cupping her tiny body, moving it to his will. In her mind's eye, she imagined his broad shoulders and smooth physique, still cut from his years of service in the Marine Corps. Short, well-clipped hair clasped in her quivering hands as he kneels between her parted thighs, his talented tongue dancing along her place of pleasure...Laine groaned, her juices beginning to flow freely as she imagined that tongue, working itself into her tight little cunt, licking and nibbling on the lips of her sex. Laine moaned as she imagined the stiffening of that tongue, as he began to work it in her like a softer, more flexible cock, fucking her aching pussy and licking at the flow of her pleasure.

Without opening her eyes, she quickly opened the buttons of her suit, pushing aside the silky chemise and embroidered bra. Her small but perfect breasts fell into her waiting hands, and she pulled at her own aching nipples, imagining his mouth suckling them. Groaning, she stroked the rigid peaks, feeling the pull deep in her pussy. 

"Oh, god..." She moaned, lying back on the carpeted floor of the bathroom, pulling off her stockings and her panties. She spread her legs wide, running her hands past her flat stomach and toned thighs, rubbing at her swollen nub. Her pussy lips were engorged with lust, and her clit peaked out beneath its tender hood. Freshly-shaved, her hand moved easily along the smooth flesh. 

I once fucked a woman so hard I bruised her cervix...we had to go to the emergency room, and they put her on an IV with morphine because she couldn't stand the pain...

Images of that massive, destructive cock made Laine moan louder as she imagined it plunging into her, brutally fucking her greedy pussy as she screamed for more...Laine's lips parted, sneering as she thought about the weak bitch who couldn't take it, the ungrateful whore who cried at the size of this man's cock...Groaning, Laine began to cum, almost feeling him as she frantically fucked herself with the thought of that girl's injured pussy.

One day, I fucked three girls because none of them were big enough sluts to satisfy me...

Laine's pussy burned with pleasure and she turned over, drawing herself to her knees. Her soaking hands caressed her flesh of her ass, running over the generous curves. She pictured his hands grasping her hips, his cock poised at the entrance of her pussy. Graphic mental images of him burying his cock in her willing pussy made her squirm with need. "I'll be your whore, your slut...I'll take everything you've got and then some...fuck me any time, anywhere, any place!" Laine groaned, fingering herself.

Laine was so caught up her passion she didn't even hear the knock on the door, and the tentative inquiry. Her eyes were squeezed shut and her fine little ass was pumping back and forth as she rode her fingers, her skirt pushed up and around her waist. She didn't even hear the door swing shut and the lock turn, so intent on her second orgasm that she didn't even notice the sound of a zipper as the man pulled out his hardening cock and began to stroke it, the stunned blue eyes rapidly becoming filled with desire as he watched her.

"Matt, I want to feel your cock! I want you to fuck me; I want you to hurt my little pussy..." Laine cried.

James Mcread, the district psychologist, didn't even blink an eye as he slipped behind her. For two years he had lusted after this woman, using excuse after excuse to linger in her room, his thinly disguised pretense of getting her opinion on a student not fooling either of them. She had always looked at him with knowing, beautiful eyes, and her voice was always filled with amusement and acknowledgement when he spoke, his eloquent speech reduced to almost babble every time. 

So the sight that greeted him made his heart swell. In all of his forty-eight years, he had never seen such an arousing sight, and his cock stiffened without effort. The embarrassment of Viagra to persuade his usually useless cock suddenly made him grateful—his dick was swollen to seven inches or rock-like power. 

All reason fled him as he watched her, lost in her bliss, he shaved pussy like a porno fantasy. The expressions on her exotically lovely face stirred the animal in him, and without thinking, he pulled off his gold band (something he had always done before he came to see her) and wrapped his arm around her waist, plunging his cock into her with a single thrust.

Her eyes flew open and a short, shrill scream escaped her lips before he covered her mouth with his, taking from her the kiss he had wanted for so long. All dignity and decorum fled James as he parted her mouth with his, working his tongue into her mouth, echoing the thrust of his dick with his tongue. He groaned into her mouth, his heart pounding as he fucked her vise-like pussy, feeling the tight walls milking him like his wife's never did.

Laine's shock quickly dissolved, replaced by the feeling of him fucking her. Her pussy became even wetter as she began to respond, her fingers replaced by a real dick at last. She laughed as she thought about the whole situation, the usually dignified but admiring man on his knees behind her, his graying hair wild and tie askew...She thought of Matt, who she longed for, and then her present need...

Moving away, she pulled him on top of her before he could protest, drawing his mouth back down on hers. She spread her legs for him, welcoming him inside her, matching his thrusts. Her hands moved under his shirt, running over his back and shoulders, admiring the hard wiriness of him. His desire for her combined with her lust made for a sizzling combination.

"I'm going to come inside you!" James groaned, picking up his pace. Laine responded by wrapping her legs tighter around his waist, groaning as he rode her. She felt his cock begin to pulse inside her, and the sensation triggered her third, powerful orgasm. As he exploded inside her, she began to yell, grasping his ass with her hands and guiding him as he pounded into her.

They lay on the bathroom floor, their bodies spent as they held each other, grinning at each other as they thought about the new possibilities in their relationship. Neither thought about getting back to work for awhile, and when a knock came at the door, James called out in a satisfied voice, "Sorry, I'm going to be awhile."

Note to readers: tell me what you like, and write! I love your emails and would love to correspond. Also, don't forget to vote!