 Chapter 3: Pam

Veronica called me the following morning. She told me that Marisol was effusive in her praise, and that she looked forward to getting together again soon. I, of course, had no problem with that proposition. But there was still one thing that I had to discuss with her.

"Did she enjoy having her pussy eaten?" I asked, already knowing the answer but for some reason feeling the need to be validated.

"Of course, who doesn't enjoy receiving oral sex?" she responded. "Especially when it lasts long enough to get the job done?"

"Good point. Was it really the first time for her?"

"Yes, can you imagine? Fifty-six years old and never been licked before."

"You know, she is a very sexy woman. Beautiful, enthusiastic..... why is she still single?" I asked, drifting off-topic.

"She was in love with her husband. They were married for nearly 40 years. He took very good care of her, even if he was less than creative in the bedroom. But they were happy together, faithful to one another, and she still considers him to be her husband. Before he died he arranged his financial affairs very well. The house she lives in is fully paid off. So is her car. She has sufficient income and assets to live a comfortable, but not extravagant lifestyle for the rest of her life. She cannot imagine sharing her home or her life with another man now.

"But there is one need that has not been taken care of. Until yesterday, that is. I suppose I put this in motion about six months ago. I am happy that I was able to work it out for her. That we were able to work it out for her, I should say."

"I am too. So when does she want to get together again?"

"Soon. Next week maybe."

"She is a beautiful, classy lady. I love her lush, soft body. But there is one small thing...."

"Yes?"

"Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed everything about her...."

"Stop beating around the bush. Just say it."

"You just said it for me."

"Excuse me? You lost me."

"The bush. She has the biggest, thickest bush I have ever been in. I was afraid of getting lost in there."

"I see. I didn't really notice. From where I was sitting on the other side of the dresser, I could not see her chocha." 

"I will happily make love to her again, but I might not spend as much time licking her pussy if I have to keep hacking my way through that bush every time."

"I'll see what I can do," she promised.

*  *  *

Later that day my wife called excitedly to tell me that due to another coworker's "family leave," she was able to pick up an additional shift. The downside of this news was that she would be working every other Saturday, from 9 am to 3 pm, starting the following day. 'Oh well, at least we don't have plans for Saturday,' I thought to myself.

On Saturday morning at about 9:30 am I walked to the mailbox to place a letter for pickup. It was a quiet morning, there was no traffic on the street and no one walking on the sidewalk. While standing on the curb next to the mailbox, I peered around the corner toward Marisol's house. The sun was so bright that morning that from a block away I could easily make out her form in her front yard. She was bent over, and appeared to be attaching a garden hose to a sprinkler. My mind went to work immediately. 

I went into the house, grabbed a leash, attached it to the dog's collar, and set out toward Marisol's house. I got to her yard just as the water began to spray from the sprinkler. I walked to the side of the house and found her standing there, wiping her hands with an old towel. I greeted her with a quick kiss on the cheek. She quickly ushered me and the dog through her side gate. She motioned me toward the sliding glass door in the back of her house. I tied the dog up under a tree and followed her into the house. 

Unlike the last time I saw her, she was dressed very casually today. She wore a loose-fitting pair of knee-length light blue and pale yellow plaid shorts that made her ass look absolutely huge. She also wore a light blue polo shirt that was already showing some perspiration in the middle of her back, and which fought valiantly to contain her DD sized boobs. She had a yellow visor on her head, and yellow sandals to complete her look. She wore no make-up, and her hair was tied in a ponytail beneath the visor. She had a light misting of perspiration on her forehead. 

She stopped in the kitchen to get us both a glass of ice water, and then motioned for me to sit at the counter. She asked if I wanted a cafecita, and before I could say 'no' turned to the stove and started making some Cuban coffee. In my broken Spanish I explained to her that I was very happy to see her, and that I had an hour or so before I had to return home. She spooned nearly half a cup of sugar into a small pitcher, and then poured some of the dark, strong coffee over it. She stirred vigorously until the sugar had become a rich brown foam, which she poured back into the coffee. She poured us each a small cup, and then handed one to me and indicated the sugar bowl on the counter. I tasted the strong, syrupy liquid and told her it was sweet enough. I quickly downed the coffee, and watched as she finished hers. I took a long drink of my ice water, and then stood up. 

She led me through her house to her bedroom. Along the way I noted that the house was immaculate. The furnishings were upscale, although dated. With the exception of a wall-mounted television, everything in the house looked ten or twenty years old. The decor was tasteful and refined, but not ostentatious. Pictures of her and her husband decorated the walls.

Once in the bedroom she quickly fell into my arms. We kissed passionately, pressing our bodies together as the lust began to swell. Remembering last time we were together, I started undressing her-- taking off her shirt first and then her shorts. Her lingerie was also casual – a white bra and white panties. Not quite "granny panties," but not particularly sexy either. Nonetheless, the sight of her lush body glistening in the morning sunlight caused my groin to respond favorably. I reached around her and unhooked her bra, letting it to fall the floor. I bent over, lifted a heavy breast to my mouth, and started sucking on her thick nipple. She started moaning immediately, and then pushed my head to the other breast. I released the right nipple and then took the left into my mouth. I gently closed my teeth around her nub, and sucked even harder on that one. Her moaning intensified. She held her breast with both hands, feeding me her chewy flesh. With both of my hands free I caressed the sides of her warm, soft torso, letting my hands fall to her waist. I grabbed her panties with both hands and pulled them downward, letting them fall to her feet. I continued sucking her nipple and caressing her soft flesh, working my hand to her crotch. That is when she surprised me. Instead of finding her thick bush, I instead found a clean, smooth mound. Thank you, Vero, I thought to myself. It was my turn to moan as my fingers parted her folds, searching for her clit. Opening her lips, I found her to be leaking fluids already. 

She backed herself to the bed, sat on the edge, and then laid back with her legs hanging over the edge. I stopped to admire the smooth, plump pussy inviting me to feast. Her pink inner lips were extending slightly from the fat folds. She was completely smooth, with no hint of stubble or razor burn. I guessed that she must have waxed it for me. I was determined to repay the effort.

I undressed rather quickly. I took a pillow off her bed, put it on the floor in front of her, and then kneeled on the pillow. I was face-to-face, so to speak, with that marvelously sweet pussy. She opened her thick thighs to accommodate me, resting them heavily on my shoulders. I leaned in and started licking enthusiastically.

She started moaning immediately. As my tongue tasted every tender fleshy morsel in her pink crevice, she reached down with both hands to pull her lips apart, opening her slit even wider. This caused her clit to stand out proudly from its fleshy sheath, as if begging for attention. I attacked it zealously, licking it with broad strokes of my flattened tongue. 

Her first orgasm approached quickly, but I continued my assault on her clit. I then made my tongue as rigid as possible and stabbed it into her vagina for several minutes, fucking her with my extended tongue. She moaned and gasped but did not seem to be reaching an orgasm that way, so moved up slightly and resumed my assault on her clit. With my tongue still rigid I flicked the tip over her clit in a varying pattern and at varying speeds. Her moaning intensified. I sensed that a major orgasm was approaching, so I continued flicking her clit with the tip of my tongue. 

She rocked her hips, thrusting her pussy at my face. Her moans grew louder, as I continued flicking my tongue . 

"Ayyyyyyyy Pappiiiii ayyyyyyyyyy!" 

I sucked her lips into my mouth, and then sought out her clit with my teeth. Finding the firm little nib with the tip of my tongue, I gently closed my teeth so that they were just touching it. I inhaled, creating vacuum pressure on her sensitive pink flesh. I sucked and licked, as her thighs flapped against my ears. She started lurching, and I knew that she had reached her peak.

"Ayyyyyyyy! Siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!!!"

I let go of her as I stood up, which caused her to rock forward. Catching her self with her hands on the edge of the bed as her feet somewhat awkwardly hit the floor, she leaned forward, stood up, and then wrapped her arms around me. I gave her a deep kiss, letting her taste the juices that were dripping off my face. 

After about thirty seconds I broke the kiss. She was as warmed up as she was ever going to get, and my erection required satisfaction. I turned her around facing the bed. I placed one foot between her legs, and gently tapped each ankle to indicate that I wanted her to spread her legs a little more. I then pushed her forward, bending her over the bed. Her knees bent slightly as her face and breasts hit the mattress. She was at the perfect height and optimal angle for my cock's assault on her vagina. 

Before entering her, I paused for a second to admire the view. Her thick legs formed a chunky figure 'A' shape. Her big, round, creamy white ass formed the apex of the 'A', the two soft globes of flesh jiggling each time she shifted her weight even slightly. The deep crevasse dividing those two magnificent cheeks parted just enough to reveal her slippery pink inner lips protruding from her smooth, puffy outer lips. I was tempted to get down on the floor and start licking her pussy again, but the steely erection pointing up from my groin commanded me to stay on task. 

I grabbed my cock with one hand and placed the other on her hip. I stroked the head of my cock up and down her slit for a few seconds, getting it nice and slick. I then lined it up at her opening, grabbed her by both hips, and pushed forward. My cock parted her lips and entered her in one smooth stroke. I met no resistance whatsoever as I pushed it all the way into her. 

"Mmmmmm, de me lo, Papi, de me lo. De me todo."

Remembering that she liked to be pounded forcefully, I wasted no time in setting a rigorous pace. She started to reach for her clit with her lift hand, but I intercepted it and pulled her toward me. He right hand followed, so I grabbed that one also. She was now bent over the bed, her face and chest pressed into the mattress, her ass in the air, and her legs spread wide. I was standing behind her, holding her wrists in each hand, thrusting into her from behind. With every forward thrust of my groin I pulled back on her wrists. Our bodies smacked together, my stomach, groin and thighs colliding with her big ass and fleshy thighs, over and over and over.

"Ungh. Ungh. Ungh. Ungh. Ungh. Ungh."

Every thrust was met with a grunt from her. 

"Ungh. Ungh. Ungh. Ungh. Ungh. Ungh."

I pounded her faster and faster, harder and harder.

"Ungh. Ungh. Ungh. Ungh. Ungh. Ungh."

My cock was sloshing the fluids in her pussy. The smacking sound of our colliding bodies grew louder. Her grunting took on a higher pitch.

"Ahhh. Ahhh. Ahhh. Ahhh. Ahhh. Ahhh. Ahhh. Ahhh."

She was cumming, and so was I. I let go of her wrists and grabbed her by the hips. My fingers dug into her soft flesh as my strokes got faster and faster. 

"Ahhh. Ahhh. Ahhh. Ahhh. Ahhh. Ahhh. Ahhh. Ahhh."

The wave rose, and I was on top of it. A searing hot wave of pleasure exploded in brain just as I felt a jolt of white hot cum blasting from the head of my cock. One spurt after another, filling her pussy and then splashing out, running down the duvet and collecting on the carpet between my feet. I kept thrusting, gradually slowing, until I felt no more contractions in my balls. My cock started to soften, and I collapsed on the bed. Marisol put one arm around me and then dozed off to sleep. 

* * *

Veronica called me at work on Monday morning. "Well," she asked, "when do I get you back? Did I make a mistake introducing you to Marisol?"

"You can have me whenever you want me."

"Then are we still on for lunch tomorrow?"

"Of course."

"Will it be worth my while? Or is Marisol sapping all of your energy?"

"We worked out an arrangement. I am going to see her every other Saturday morning. I will have plenty of energy for you. And Maria."

"I'm not worried about her fat selfish ass. She needs to stop being so greedy."

"I thought she was your friend?"

"She is. All the more reason why she should share with me. Girlfriends need to look out for one another."

"And fucking her husband is looking out for one another?"

"Fucking her husband is sharing our assets. Its keeping me from having to go out and find some good dick. And its keeping you from going out and having an affair. I know men like to go out and get some 'strange.' I keep you too worn out to think of cheating on her. So I am doing her a favor, in a way."

"Your thought process is rather interesting."

"Are you complaining?"

"No, not at all."

"I didn't think so. Is there anything else you want to say?"

"Mmmmmmm, no, I'll leave it at that."

"Don't you want to thank me?"

"Ummmm sure, thank you. For what?"

"I took care of that landscaping problem you mentioned. You know, that out of control shrubbery growing between your new girlfriend's legs?"

"Oh, yes. That situation. Thank you. What did you do?"

"I told her that men don't like hacking through a jungle just to get to the sweet fruit hiding underneath. If she wanted you to lick her again, she was going to have to take care of it."

"Did you tell her I complained?"

"No, I told her that I could not help but notice it on Thursday, even though somehow I actually missed it."

"I don't know how you could miss it. I wanted to leave a trail of bread crumbs in case I could not find my way out."

"I know what you mean. I saw it on Friday. She did not believe it was really a problem, so I showed her my smooth chocha. I told her that according to 4 out of 5 dentists, men who eat pussy prefer it like mine. I told her I would make an appointment so she could get it taken care of.

"She told me, 'No, I don't think I can see my dentist for that treatment.'

We both laughed at that remark.

"Well thank you, that must have been an interesting afternoon at the esthetician's office."

"She was mildly shocked. But the esthetician and all of her staff showed their waxed pussies to her, and we all convinced her that she will get licked more often if she keeps it smooth. So now she has a standing appointment for every other Friday morning."

"That's convenient."

"You can thank me by giving me a good licking tomorrow."

* * *

I continued meeting Veronica at noon on Tuesdays and Thursdays. I stopped by Marisol's house every other Saturday. As long as I was careful, I thought I could keep this routine up all summer. On the first Tuesday after the Fourth of July, Veronica surprised me once again.

I parked in Veronica's garage as I always do. But this time I noticed a Volvo SUV in the driveway that I did not recognize. I entered the house through the garage and found Veronica talking to a very short woman with strawberry blonde hair whom I recognized as another woman from the development, Pam Carson. Even though she does not live on our block, Pam is nonetheless well known to everyone who has lived in the development as long as we have. She was the first person to welcome us to the neighborhood on the day we moved in. I got lost looking for our street, and as I was slowly approaching a corner she stepped from her mailbox and waved to us. She introduced herself, found out which house we were moving into, and pointed us in the right direction. 

We later learned that Pam was the neighborhood gossip. She frequently went door to door, pushing some school fund raiser on everyone in the community. With two elementary school aged children, fund raising opportunities were plentiful Normally one of her small children were with her, but there were times when she showed up alone. In either case, she passed the time filling my wife's ear with unsolicited details concerning our neighbors' finances, marriages, children, etc. 

But that all stopped within the first 12-18 months after we moved into the neighborhood. We never knew why, but the soliciting decreased substantially and the visits that did occur were without the gossipy interludes. We suspected that it had something to do with her appearance, which had become gradually less attractive over the years.

Pam is rather plain looking, and that is being kind. She stands barely 5 feet tall, has plastic framed glasses that look like they are from the early '90s, and shoulder-length strawberry blonde hair that looks like it has been permed a few too many times. She was chubby when I first met her, and if anything she has put on more weight since then. The problem with her appearance is not really the extra pounds – I am a BBW lover, after all – rather, it is the distribution of those pounds on her frame. Practically all of her extra weight is centered around her waist. At least, that was my first impression of her on that Tuesday afternoon as she stood before me in a light colored sundress that did nothing to enhance her pale skin tone or eye color. 

I could not help but notice that her nipples were sticking straight out. Obviously, she was not wearing a bra. 

I wondered what in the hell Pam was doing at Veronica's house. Her incessant fund raising better not get in the way of our sex play, I thought to myself.

"I believe you two have met before," Veronica said. "Mike lives on 99th Avenue, and Pam lives two blocks away on 97th Avenue."

"Yes, we have met before," I said, shaking Pam's hand. I then leaned over and politely kissed her on the cheek. Before I could pull away, she turned her face toward me and gave me a quick peck on the mouth. She looked up at me with a mixture of nervousness and anticipation in her eyes.

"Have you met her husband, Steve?" Veronica asked.

I shook my head 'no.'

"Pam barely knows him either. At least not any more. Their problems started about 7 years ago when Pam was pregnant with their first child. He rarely touched her during the pregnancy, and by the fifth month he stopped having sex with her altogether. Except for blow jobs. He liked getting his dick sucked regularly, but that was it. Nothing for Pam.

"Pam expected things to return to normal after the baby was born, but that did not happen. Their sex life went from 2-3 times a week before the baby, to no more than 3 or 4 times a month afterward."

"Except for blow jobs. He always liked me to suck his cock for him," Pam interjected.

"Right. Anyway, Pam never fully regained her pre-pregnancy figure. How much did you weigh before you got pregnant?"
