 The warm sand crunched under our feet as we made our way down the mostly deserted beach. Marcie and I had been needing a vacation in the worst kind of way and this was just what we needed.

"Race you to that log", she called back to me as she sprinted ahead. Her long legs glistened with the spray from the waves and her feet kicked up the white sand behind her as she ran. At that moment, I couldn't help but stare at her beautiful form racing away from me and it seemed like hours before I snapped out of my daze and raced after her.

"What took you so long?" she teased when I finally caught up.

"That's no fair", I said. "You had a head start."

Her eyes twinkled and danced and she gave me a mischievous grin. "Feel like being crazy?"

"What do you have in mind?" I asked. I should have known better than to ask such an open ended question to a girl who once showed up to my office late one evening wearing nothing but a raincoat.

"Let's play follow the leader."

"'Follow the leader?' You mean like the kids game?"

"Kind of, only instead of just going everywhere I go, you have to do exactly what I do. If I jump, you jump, if I say something, you say it back. Get it?" Before I could answer she wrapped her arms around me and slipped her tongue between my lips. This was her idea, so I returned the favor. Without warning she pushed me away and ran towards the ocean. The waves crashed around her as I followed. The water was colder than I had expected and I almost ran back out, but this was too much fun. "There you are", she said as she made her way through the surf towards me.

I turned, saw her nipples straining against the light fabric of her bikini top and responded "There you are."

She noticed my stare, looked around quickly to see if anyone was watching, and took off her top. She looked wonderful. The water left little trails of crystalline beads as the drops made their way from her shoulders over her breasts and down her stomach. The waves pushed against her hips and she swayed back and forth in the late afternoon sun; her auburn hair blowing softly in the breeze. I was mesmerized. Since I wasn't wearing a bikini I couldn't follow exactly, but I looked behind me like she had done and slid out of my T-shirt. Marcie reached up towards my face and ran her index finger down my neck and traced little circles on my shoulders. I did the same to her. With her other arm she reached behind me and pulled me close to her, still tracing little circles and squiggly lines over my shoulder, down my arm, and behind my neck. I could feel her nipples poking into me and I wondered if mine were following her lead. Her fingers continued to trace little lines down my arm and across my back as they made their way towards my waist. Of course I did the same to her. She pushed a little harder as she made her way from my hip down the front of my leg. I twitched as she passed over my ticklish spot, so I did the same to her. I laughed, she laughed and for a moment we broke our embrace. She pulled me close again, with both arms around my waist and pulled down my shorts. I hadn't expected this in a public place and looked around anxiously to see if anyone had noticed us yet.

"What's the matter?" she teased.

I'm not sure what came over me, but instead of trying to cover myself back up, I reached around behind her, grabbed her bikini bottoms and gave them a quick pull. It must have surprised her since her eyes got big and she looked nervously behind her like I had just done.

"What's the matter?" I teased back.

She didn't answer. Instead she leaped at me with her arms around my neck and started to kiss me passionately. I pulled her close and fell back into the water; our legs entwined, my hands stroking her face, her hands making their way down my back, our hips grinding against each other. The waves crashed over us pushing us closer to shore but we were oblivious to all of this as we stroked and caressed each other. I held her head in my hands as I kissed her cheek, nibbled her earlobe and sucked on her neck. She tossed her head back and moaned softly. We completely lost sight of our clothes as we made love in the shallow water. I'm not sure if the waves were pushing us or if we were pushing the waves, but the sensation was erotic beyond anything I could have dreamed about. We rolled over each other, gasping for air, her hands stroking my back, mine stroking hers. I cupped her breasts in my hands and stroked them with my thumbs as she pulled my hips closer to her. It seemed like time stopped as our bodies melded together as one, each wave crashing harder and deeper until we exploded together in ecstasy.

----------

The sun set in a brilliant ball of fire as we lay naked on the beach. The orange light reflected off Marcie's hair turning it a deep red. Once, briefly, I looked down the beach to see if our clothes had washed up on shore but I didn't see any sign of them. I reached over to her, caressed her cheek pulling her hair away from her eyes and sliding my fingers behind her ear. "That was wonderful", I mused.

She smiled. Her chest was still heaving slightly as she tried to catch her breath, her nipples erect from pleasure and the cool wind blowing across us. She looked over in the direction of where our hotel was, looked back at me and said, "If you think that was good, wait 'till we up to our room."