 The following is a true story...

I was 19 and had recently bought a motorcycle. I decided to ride down to the beach; it was Spring Break and when you were a good-looking guy with bike that was just what you did! I rode around pretty much by myself that afternoon. But after mingling with friends that I had run into, and drinking for a few hours, I got bolder and, it seemed, so did the women. I gave rides to a few girls who had flirted with me but nothing came of it. Well, around 5:00 P.M., I was starting to think it was going to be another weekend up in smoke. And I was riding around wondering what to do when I heard, "I wanna ride."

I turned towards the soft sweet voice and saw a gorgeous blonde walking towards me. She wore a high cut one piece and filled it very well. Natural blonde hair hung just past her shoulders, with full breasts and nice hips. Gorgeous. I was trying to act all cool and thinking, “don't blow it, and say something stupid or come across too cocky.” 

So I said, "Hi!"

"I wanna ride," she tells me again.

“Hop on,” I tell her and we take off. 

She wraps her hands around my waist, which really starts my mind to wander.

She asked me who I was with and I told her some friends since I didn’t want to look like an orphaned, friendless dork! I asked her the same thing, and she told me that she’s with her brother and his girlfriend. “Perfect,” I thought to myself! 

"So where do ya wanna go?” I asked her. 

“Wherever you want,” she told me. “I she just want to get away from my brother and his girlfriend.” 

Of course I had to ask where her boyfriend was to check the current social status of this babe. She told me that they broke up because all he ever wanted to do was fuck! Totally understandable! I was dying to admit to her, "Well sorry to break it to ya' but that's exactly what I was thinking", but I lent the sympathetic ear instead. 

“Where are you staying?” I asked her. 

“A condo,” she replied. “Do you mind taking me there to get changed?”. 

“Sure,” I said, not wanting to sound too excited.

We arrived there and she got her clothes and went into the bathroom.

”Just a sec" she said to me. 

Meanwhile I was trying to decide if I was a good Samaritan or a possibility. (I don’t understand this… do you mean, is she thinking that you are a possibility? Or that you are thinking of taking advantage of the possibilities?) She came out looking like she just stepped out of a Playboy shoot, wearing a short thin mini-dress and no bra. I knew because of the spaghetti straps. By this time I was dying to throw myself on her but managed to keep my composure. 

“Do you wanna go back to the beach?” she asked me. 

Of course my answer is, "Sure!"

We get to the beach and she asked me, “do you have a girlfriend?”. 

I said I didn't and she asks me why. 

“Because all they wanna do is fuck," I replied, trying to sound witty. 

Obviously being myself worked because then she hits me with "Well, you must be really good!” 

I stammered for an answer and she started teasing me, telling me I'm probably the neighborhood stud and she shouldn't be alone with me. Just as I was about to dribble something out she wrapped her hands around my butt and pulled me close to her.

"So, are you just a really nice guy or a stud?" 

At this point I didn't need any more hints. 

"I'm whatever you want me to be," I told her as I grabbed her head and pulled her lips to mine.

I inhaled the sweet mix of the sea air and her scent on her skin. I was deliriously intoxicated. Our tongues danced as I gently bit and sucked her lips. I slipped the straps off her shoulders and kissed my way down her neck. Taking her breasts in my hands, I held her nipples between my lips. She started to sigh when I chewed and sucked on her nipples. 

"God, I want you inside me" she whispered in my ear, but I was not about to let this woman off that easily.

I raised her dress and pulled her panties to the side. She started grabbing my hair as I began to rub her pussy. I was freaking out because she was so wet. I easily pushed two of my fingers inside her. She gasped and pulled me close to her, kissing and biting my neck the entire time. By this time, I was so hard I couldn’t stand it and wanted to be inside her desperately. But I was determined to make love to this woman like noone before me had. I got off the bike and dropped to my knees in the sand. She leaned on the bike and I pulled her panties off her body. 

I started to lay soft butterfly kisses on her from her feet to the inside of her thighs. She was giggling and jerking her legs and I thought o myself, “I'm falling in love.” I rubbed her hips and started to drag my tongue along her pussy. She tasted so sweet and I was so excited that I was close to cumming.

I managed to hold off and continued to lick and suck her sweetness. I stopped to look at her and her pussy was beautiful. The hair around her lips was blonde and trimmed short, and was wet with anticipation. I started to suck on her clit as I slid two fingers inside her. I searched for her "G" spot and could feel it start to swell as I concentrated on her clit. She was pulling my hair hard.

"Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah" she cried. 

I could tell she was close and I varied the pressure of my lips on her. 

As I gently nibbled on her clit, she cried out, "oooohhh ohhhhhh mmmmmmm." 

She tasted so good but before I could savor it she got off of the bike.

“My turn, baby,” she told me. 

I wore a button down shirt, hanging open, and swim shorts. She pushed me down to the sand and started kissing my neck and my chest. She sucked on my nipples, somehow knowing how much I would like it. Then, she pulled my shorts down around my knees and immediately took me in her mouth. 

"God you've got a great dick," she told me. 

Taking the head of my cock in her mouth, she dragged her lips down the length. Then she ran her tongue along the shaft and sucked on my balls. It was taking all I had to keep from cumming, because I wanted to enjoy her. And I didn’t want to seem like a "nice guy."

I pulled her up to me and kissed her deeply again.

”I want you to fuck me with that big dick baby", she said to me. 

At this point I started to feel sorry for her ex-boyfriend! God, what a girl. We stood up and I leaned her against the bike. I raised her leg up and rubbed my cock against her wet pussy. I began to push inside her and realized it wasn’t going to be easy. I rubbed (may want to think of another word, you just used rubbed a few sentences ago) the head of my cock along her slit, trying to slide into her, and starting to feel her open up to me. 

I gently pushed my cock inside her, slowly, and felt her nails on my back. She was very tight and felt so good. I didn’t want to move. She started moving her hips, pushing against me, and I grabbed her thighs and slid the length of my cock inside her. She gasped and then grabbed my ass, pulling me into her even more. I slid into her faster, moving my hips around, pulling out and then slamming into her as hard as I could. I fucked her fast and then slow and I felt her start to tense up. I kissed her lips and they felt cool against mine, so I knew she was close to coming. I pushed my cock deep inside her and rubbed (stroked?) her clit with my fingers. 

"Oh yeah, oh yeah, ummmmmmm," she cried in my neck.

I took her nipple between my teeth and felt her juices on my crotch as she came and clawed my back. Gently, I kissed her breasts and nipples and moved up to kiss her mouth. She grabbed my head and kissed me hard as she squeezed me inside her. By this point, I couldn't take any more and I slid into her hot pussy again and came inside her. 

She put her lips to my ear and whispered, "Oh baby, yeah, ummmmm. You feel soooo good". 

We held each other for the moment, just enjoying the feeling. I showered her neck and face with kisses, not able to get enough of her.

"Damn babe, you are a stud," she told me. 

I thought, “What guy would ever not try to be with this beautiful woman?” “Will you stay the night and the day tomorrow with me?” she asked. 

Of course I did. Unfortunately, her and the ex-boyfriend got back together. But I always look for her whenever I go to the beach.