 I would pick you up at your place, meeting you at the front door. You had to work late, so you’re tired, but I have plans for that night nonetheless. As we walk to the car, I can’t keep my hands off you ... I keep sliding my hand from the small of your back to your ass, sometimes pulling your skirt up as I move my hand up your back again. The silky fabric is blowing in the gentle breeze, and I get an occasional glimpse of your lace panties and garters - I love those! Your breasts bounce under the light, sheer top of your dress, and your bra-less nipples are erect and eager to get out of your clothing.

As I drive, you keep reaching across to kiss me, and your hands are always in my lap, feeling my cock grow hard for you. A stain of wetness is forming at the head of my cock, and you rub your fingertips in it to taste me. I am having trouble driving, but I know that this is nothing compared to what I have planned for the rest of your visit. The night is clear, and the wind from the sunroof is tossing your hair around your face. How sexy you look!

The moon is overhead as we pull into the beach parking lot. As I stop the car, you lean across and we kiss deeply. It seems to last for minutes, but I don’t want to stop ... your tongue is so warm and wet. We get out of the car and begin to stroll along the water’s edge. I am feeling your ass all the time now, I love the way your ass cheeks feel as you walk. I have your skirt pulled up so I can feel your skin on my fingers, and your g-string panties are easily pulled aside so I can slide my fingers over your asshole, teasing you with them. Your back is arched as we walk, exposing more of your ass and pussy to my hand.

I stop and turn toward you, bending slightly to cup both of my hands under your ass. I can just feel your pussy - how wet you are! - and I reach up to grab the sides of your panties. I quickly pull them to the sand and pull your skirt over my head so I can see your pussy. My god, you’re dripping! I move a finger up to slide it into you, and I can hear you gasp slightly as you feel the unexpected entry. I slide my finger in and out a few times, coating it with your juices, and then pull it out so I can suck it into my own mouth ... you taste wonderful, babe.

I stand and point out a picnic table close by. We walk over to it quickly, and you tell me you can feel your pussy lips rubbing together from the wetness. I am so hard for you, babe! We get to the table and you spin me around to lean against the table top. Now you lean into me and kiss me very deeply as your hands fondle my hard cock through my pants. I watch your eyes as you lean away and begin to unbuckle my belt. You drop to your knees in front of me and finish undoing my pants. As you begin to pull them down past my waist, I lean forward just enough to let them slide between the table and my ass. This puts my cock against your face as it is freed from the loose confines of my cotton Dockers. I not wearing underwear (as usual), so my cock has been dripping precum down my leg since we left your place. It is now hard and standing straight out.

You begin to suck the head into your mouth without using your hands. At first you just suck on the top half, but after a few strokes, you take the entire length into your throat. The noises of your sucking and now the slight gagging sounds are enough to get me to cum right now, but I bite my lip hard to keep from cumming. You pull off and let the saliva and drool from the back of your throat drip down to the front of your dress, the wetness soaking through and making the sheer fabric cling to your breasts and nipples. As you begin to go back down on the length of my cock, your hands are smearing the spit all over your chest ... the fabric is almost invisible against your hard nipples. Each time you come off the drool pours onto your hands and breasts. Damn, I want to come all over you!

Now you are using one hand to finger yourself and the other to pull your dress off your shoulders, exposing your chest and belly down to your waist. The fabric peels away from your breasts, and the cool night air brings your nipples to their hardest point yet. In between deep throating me, I can hear your moans while you pinch and twist your nipples with one hand and slide three fingers in and out of your cunt with the other. There is a pool of your own juices on the sand under your pussy.

I want to eat your pussy so bad! I push you off of my cock and pick you up to face me. I kiss you deeper than ever as I turn you around to sit you on the table. I lean forward to make it last as long as possible before you lay back on the table top. I pick your legs up and you slide back to put your feet up on either side of my body as I bend down to suck your pussy lips into my mouth. Jeez, you are so wet! I can barely hold onto your lips with my teeth gently biting down on them. Finally they slip from my mouth and snap back to their normal position ... I have always been turned on by flabby pussy lips, and yours have just enough bounce to make me want to eat you for hours and hours. I lick and probe your cunt with my tongue, forcing it deep into your hole. 

Your juices are flowing down your ass, and I occasionally lick you from your asshole to your clit, smearing the juice all over as I go. I absolutely love how you have it shaved so smooth for me, just for this occasion ... it is so nice to lick the bare skin all around your pussy lips. I ask you to open it for me, and you gladly oblige, using your fingers to pull your cunt open so I can see the soaking walls of your pussy glistening in the moonlight. I shove my tongue so deep that you let out a moan that I think somebody will hear, but I remember there are no people on this beach - it has been closed for months.

I can take it no more, and I stand to put my hard cock into your soaking pussy. You lift your head to watch me begin to fuck you, and I watch your eyes close as I put the head against your lips. With one forceful stroke, I plunge into your cunt, and you bite your bottom lip to keep from screaming. The sudden shock of my entry was at first painful, but as I begin to stroke in and out of your pussy you begin to relax and rock back and forth in the same rhythm as I am fucking you. I can see your pussy lips gripping the sides of my cock as it slides in and out ... we are both soaking with our juices. I know it won’t be long before I cum, so I encourage you to touch yourself while I fuck your pussy.

You stroke and tease your clit, your fingers just touching the shaft of my cock as it grinds in and out of your shaved hole. I can feel you starting to get wetter as I get closer to my own orgasm. You begin to writhe and squirm on the table, and I know you are close ... so am I. The sounds of your orgasm are enough to push me over the edge, and I feel the cum beginning to pump from deep inside my body. I ask if you want me to cum on your belly, but you tell me — almost screaming — to keep it inside your pussy so you can cum all over my cock. I pump one more time and hold myself deep in you as I begin to squirt my load in your cunt. My dick jerks with each spasm, but I can feel your pussy contracting with the violence of your own orgasm. I think I am going to cum a quart of spunk, and I begin to stroke a few more times to help me get every drop of cum from the length of my shaft. The pumping action forces our cum to ooze from your pussy and it begins to drip to the table under your ass.

I lean forward as our bodies are still buckling from the intensity of cumming together and harder than ever. I lay on top of you, kissing you again. I can feel my cock growing limp inside your pussy, but I can also feel your cunt squeezing me - trying to suck the last remaining cum from my dick. I gaze into your eyes for a few moments, and then rise to stand in front of you. As my cock slips from your pussy, our cum oozes out from between your lips, and I cup my hand under your hole to catch the sticky fluid in my palm. I step close to you again to smear the cum on your breasts — I want you to wear this for the rest of the day.

I help you off of the table, and you pick up your panties and stuff them into the leg of your stocking — there will be no need to wear them for the rest of your visit. You pull your dress back onto your shoulders as we begin to walk back to the car, our feet splashing in the shallow water on the shore.

We hold each other close and tight as we walk, but we know that this is only the beginning of an amazing weekend.