 I was standing in the aisle of the beauty salon looking for my currently-favorite shampoo. So many brands. Too many brands. I couldn't find it. There was no sales assistance so after more than five minutes of fruitless searching, I went to the front of the store to see if I could get some help.

The store wasn't that busy, but there were several people crowded around the one register checking out. And there were two people behind the counter, one to operate the register and one to bag the purchases, I guess. The salespersons seemed friendly – more than necessary in my opinion, especially since I was the one waiting – but in due time the line was reduced to one purchaser and I took my chance to ask for assistance.

I stepped up to the counter in front of the person who was bagging the purchases and I almost lost my voice.

She was a fit woman, a little older than me, but less than middle aged and was wearing a white, button-down shirt with a dark skirt – probably the standard uniform for the store. What caught my immediate attention was her shirt that was almost bursting under the strain of her chest. At first glance her breasts looked too large for her frame, but on second look she carried herself well and one could see she considered them as attributes. The buttons of her shirt were pulled almost to the breaking point trying to contain their load and in between the buttons, the shirt gapped open revealing a white, lace bra.

I was finally able to redirect my gaze away from her chest to her face. She was smiling pleasantly and patiently waiting for my eyes to reach hers.

"May I help you?" she asked professionally.

"Uh... Yes... I... Uh... I can't find my shampoo," I stammered, almost unable to talk.

"Would you like some assistance?" she continued.

"A... Well... Yes, please," I was able to spit out.

She spoke to her assistant, "Kari, stay with the register while I help this gentleman," but waited for no reply as she stepped behind Kari and began to walk quickly down the aisle. A glance over her shoulder was a clue that I should follow. I shook myself from my stupor and took off after her.

Halfway down the aisle she spoke, "What shampoo were you looking for?"

"Uh... Apple Pure," I replied.

"Oh, that will be over here," she answered as she took an immediate left at the next cross aisle. I followed as best I could.

Two aisles over and then a right turn. When I caught up to her, she was squatting down with her knees mostly together looking at products on the bottom shelf. She looked up at me as I arrived at her location and my eyes immediately went to her chest. She reached out and grabbed the edge of a shelf to balance herself and in doing so, her legs spread apart slightly. I'm sure my eyes hid no secrets to where I was looking.

"Did you look down here?" she asked with just the slight bit of annoyance in her voice.

"Uh... Well... I... Uh... I think so," I finally was able to say.

"Well, it's right here," she replied as she reached for a bottle of Apple Pure on the bottom shelf and held it up to me. When she did, her weight shifted and her legs spread apart even more pushing her skirt higher up her legs.

My eyes finally refocused from between her legs to her chest to the bottle she was holding up for me. My cock was getting hard and I was embarrassed and excited at the same time. I had to think of something quickly.

"Uh... That's a half liter bottle, isn't it?" I asked as I attempted to get some traction here.

She rotated the bottle in her hand, looked at it, and said, "Yes, it is."

"Well, I was looking for a liter bottle," I responded a little more confidently.

"Oh," she replied and looked back to the bottom shelf for the larger bottle.

After a bit she looked up and said, "I don't believe we carry that size in this product."

Again, I had to come up with something quickly. I started to sweat and I could feel my heart rate increase.

"Uh... Perhaps you have some in the back?" I suggested.

"No, I don't believe so," she replied as she placed the bottle back on the shelf.

I glanced over my shoulder to the front of the store to see Kari dutifully guarding the register. Then I looked back down at her, taking in her spread legs, her chest, and finally her eyes.

I responded with a hoarse voice, "Are you sure? Perhaps we could take a look?"

You don't come across chances like this very often. When you do, you have to run them for all they're worth. That was what I was trying to do.

She paused as she looked at me looking at her.

Then she replied softly but confidently, "It's conceivable that we might have something large for you in the back."

I swallowed hard as my cock stiffened some more.

She stood up and said, "Come with me," and turned and walked toward the back of the store.

My heart was racing and my palms were sweating as I followed her to the end of the aisle, took a right turn, across two aisles, then a left turn through a curtain-covered opening and then into the first opening on the right. We had entered a small break room with a table and a couple of chairs in the corner and a padded bench along the other side. She was standing in front of the padded bench and I walked right up to her. I was slightly taller and she looked up at me and began to unbutton her shirt.

"How is this for something larger?" she asked, looking straight at me. Her shirt unbuttoned, she pulled the tail out from the waist of her skirt and sat down. Automatically, I knelt down in front of her with my face at the same level as her bra which was clearly straining to hold both of them captive. She reached in front, unclasped her bra, and released her tits.

"Fuck!" I said as I dived into her cleavage and began to kiss and suck her tits.

I almost didn't hear her say, "Maybe later, but first things first."

It was paradise. I reached up with both hands to hold one while I attacked the nipple with my mouth, tongue, and teeth. I was kissing and slobbering all over them as I switched to the other one without missing a beat. With her hands on the back of my head I pushed her back against the wall as I ravished her tits, kissing, sucking, and biting that soft, firm flesh and causing her to emit mewing-like noises. I continued attacking her tits for what seemed like a long time. Finally, I squeezed them together and bit down hard on both nipples at the same time and got her to say, "Fuck."

Then she pushed me back and asked in a husky voice, "Do you have something large for me?"

Saliva was dripping from my mouth to her chest and my breathing was hard and ragged. But I immediately stood up, unbuckled my belt, unbuttoned my fly, and dropped my jeans and boxers to my ankles. My six inch cock was now hard and thick.

I put both hands on the wall above her head and just said, "Here."

My cock was at her face level and she jumped on it greedily. Soon her slurping and gagging noises were so loud that I thought Kari would hear it all the way in the front. She had her hands on my butt pulling me hard against her and her nose smashed into my pubic hair about every other thrust. She would pull off, spit on my cock, then jam it back down her throat.

After a few minutes she stopped stroking and started licking all up and down my cock. Her face was flushed, her lips were red, and her saliva was dripping out her lips and all over my cock. I looked down at her tits and they were still wet from my attack; her nipples were hard and distended, and they looked red and raw.

"O.K., fuck me quick," she said as she pushed me away.

I almost fell over with my pants down around my ankles. She got up and went over to the table. She leaned over it, reached back and pulled her skirt up to her waist. Then she grabbed the other edge of the table with both hands.

"Hurry and fuck me," she pleaded. I hobbled over to her, reached up, pulled her panties down to her knees, and plunged my saliva-coated cock into her juicy, waiting cunt.

"Aaarrrrrrggggggghhhhhh..." she groaned as I held on to her hips and drove into her hard. We fucked so fast that the table began to slide toward the wall. My balls were slapping against her pussy and before long I felt her stiffen up. She lifted her head up off the table and uttered, "Oh, fuck! Yes, yes, yes! Oh, god, that's good!"

I reached around with both hands, grabbed her tits, and pumped a full load deep into her cunt. I groaned as I came and squeezed her tits hard.

I was sweating profusely as I backed out and bent over to grab my pants and pull them up. She was still on the table breathing hard and cum was beginning to drip out of her cunt down her legs.

With my pants up and fastened I stepped up to the table, leaned over to her, and said, "Thanks anyway for looking for a larger bottle. I guess I'll just take the one on the shelf."

Then I turned around and walked out.