 The head housekeeper called all the slave girls together into the kitchen.

"The Master has just received word that a member of the Senate will be spending the night with us. He had planned to travel through the night, but a wheel has broken on one of his wagons, so he will be stopping here." She looked sternly at us all. "This is a big opportunity for the Master to make a good impression, so we have a lot of work ahead of us."

With that she began handing out tasks, and as each girl received her orders she scurried off. Eventually I was standing there alone.

"The Master has decreed that you are to be the Senator's bedwarmer. Now go join the girls preparing the guest rooms."

I groaned inwardly. Whilst it would certainly help my position in the household to be chosen to see to such an important guest, "bedwarmer" was a euphemism for "girl who gets humped by a fat, sweaty old man and has to pretend to enjoy it". Important men traveled with a whole retinue of guards and slaves, of course, but it was traditional for the host to offer a bedwarmer for the first night of a guest's stay, and it was a sign of trust in the host to accept.

I made my way to the guest suite, stopping on the way to pick up a basket of fresh flowers that had already been prepared.

It was a spectacular suite, only added to the villa within the last year as the master's ambition grew. It had a large sitting room with comfortable couches, a private balcony, a small room for slaves to sleep, and even a separate room for making toilet, but the main attraction was the vast bedroom, with a big, overstuffed bed in the middle, several ornately carved wooden chairs, and a large marble bathtub in the corner. I carefully arranged the flowers into three large vases set on pedestals around the room, then set to work helping the other girls who were scrubbing the floors, dusting, and laying fresh sheets on the bed.

Just as we were finishing up, the call came that the senator's wagon train had been spotted cresting the hill about a half-mile from the villa, so we all hurried to the courtyard.

We all gathered in a row behind the Master, facing the gates, and six soldiers on horseback rode in and took up position on either side of the gate. Next would come the wagon in which the old senator would be reclining on cushions, probably asleep...

Instead, a magnificent white horse appeared through the gates, bearing a handsome man of perhaps thirty-five years. He was wearing the white toga with purple trim that was exclusive to the Senate, so this had to be him. He had thick, dark hair and full lips. Immediately I imagined how they would feel on my skin, and a tingle went through my nipples. This evening I would be his to command, to use any way he wished. The tingle spread from my nipples down between my legs...

The senator pulled up his horse in the middle of the courtyard, and a groom rushed forward to take the reigns as several more soldiers entered behind.

The Master stepped forward and bowed to the senator then gave a short, but eloquent speech of welcome. The senator thanked him for receiving his party on such short notice, and dismounted his horse. The two of them entered the villa through the marble-columned entrance, and then we slaves hurried back inside through the other doors.

I spent the evening in the kitchens, watching the sumptuous food and wine being carried through to the dining room by the other girls. As the bedwarmer, I was not allowed to wait on the guest until he retired for the night. Once the final dessert course was sent out, the housekeeper took me off to prepare. She let me into her own room, which was a rare honor for a slave girl. She plucked my eyebrows and applied a little rouge to my cheeks and lips. She then had me undress, and checked my legs for smoothness, and that my nether hair was cropped as short as the Master had decreed.

She gave me a bottle of expensive perfumed oil to apply to my skin, told me she would return shortly, and left to supervise the other slaves.

I carefully drizzled some of the oil onto my breasts, and it ran slowly down, gathered on my nipples, then dripped heavily onto my thighs. I closed my eyes and rubbed the oil into my breasts, imagining it was him, what it would feel like to have him caress me, stroke my nipples, touch my lips... I let more oil run onto my belly, and down between my legs. It felt delicious as it made its way down my pussy lips, and I rubbed it in deeply, making sure the scent would linger for him.

Eventually, the housekeeper returned, and I snapped back to reality. She gave me a fresh white tunic to wear, fastened by a large brooch at the shoulder. Finally she walked me to the senator's suite and reminded me that the Master had personally selected me as bedwarmer for the senator, and he expected the senator to have a very "warm" night.

I was alone in the bedroom. I trimmed the candles and wicks the oil lamps that they would give an even light, then verified the bathwater was sufficiently hot. Then I simply stood in the middle of the room and waited, again imagining what it would be like to be taken and possessed by him.

After about thirty minutes I heard footsteps outside the door, then a female voice raised in protest, then the senator's voice.

"Now, now, Verina, you know as well as I that only the bedwarmer selected by my host may attend me tonight. Now go and get some sleep, and you may serve me breakfast the morning."

With that, he entered the chamber and closed the doors behind him. He took two steps toward me, then looked me up and down, as I respectfully kept my eyes to the floor.

"Yes," he said, "You are a true beauty, I will enjoy making you mine."

He sat down in one of the ornate chairs. "Help me get these sandals off - it's been far too long a day."

I dropped to my knees in front of him and began to unlace them, noticing what fine, muscular legs he had.

Whilst keeping my eyes down, I said, "A bath has been prepared, if it please my lord."

He grunted assent, and once I had removed the footwear, he stood and turned toward the bath. He unclasped the ornate brooch holding his toga in place, and as it fell away, leaving him naked, he walked over to the bath. Since he wasn't facing me, I was able to look directly at him and drink in the view of his broad, muscular shoulders, tapering down to firm, taught buttocks. I hoped to soon get the view from the front...

He stepped into the large tub and relaxed, resting his head back on the velvet cushion fixed there for this purpose.

I remained in my place, not wishing to disturb him, but after about ten minutes he spoke.

"Come wash me."

I knelt at the head of the bath, and he sat up. I took one of the fine Egyptian cotton washcloths that I had previously laid out along the edge of the bath, and began to wash his back, feeling the muscles ripple as he shifted position. I took my time, enjoying the feeling of strength under the surface as I massaged soap into his neck and shoulders, and his thick biceps. I took a jug and scooped it full of water, then slowly poured it over his head, taking the opportunity to take in his noble face while his eyes were closed. Then I washed his hair, firmly massaging his scalp and temples, and was rewarded with a satisfied sigh.

After about ten minutes of this, I gently pulled back on his shoulders, and he laid back once again. I began to wash his chest, running my hands over his impressive pecs and his firm stomach. I knew soon I would get to reach lower, and wondered if it would be in proportion, but could see nothing through the soap-clouded water. 

I moved to the other end of the bath and lifted his feet one by one, washing and massaging the soles.

"Girl, you have been very well trained..." he said softly, and I glowed with pride.

I lowered his feet back into the water, and began to wash and caress his firm calves, slowly moving up to his thighs. I stroked them up and down, feeling a very distinct warmth grow between my legs. I had to make sure this amazing man didn't get too relaxed - I wanted to give him the full "bedwarming" experience.

I gently slid my hand between his thighs, and he parted them, giving me tacit permission to proceed higher. I slid my left hand down his stomach, under the water, and through the mass of short curly hairs until I finally had his cock in my hand. I was stunned. I couldn't even touch my thumb and forefinger around its girth! He must've noticed my reaction, for he softly chuckled and said, "Don't worry, girl, you can handle it."

I blushed and giggled, then began to stroke up and down his length with my left hand, while my right finished its passage up his inner thigh and took gentle hold of his balls, rolling them around between my fingers, and applying pressure underneath them. I felt the shaft begin to swell, and soon the head broke the surface of the water. I continued to stroke up and down, brushing my thumb across his frenulum. A drop of precum emerged from the end, and I fought the urge to lean over and lick it off.

He was fully erect now - I had never seen a penis this large, outside the stables.

By now, my tunic was soaked with bathwater, and it clung, translucent, to my breasts, the nipples clearly outlined. He brushed the back of his hand against my left nipple, sending a bolt of lightning to my cunt.

"Take that off," he ordered.

I stood up and undid the plain brooch at my shoulder and allowed the wet fabric to peel itself away and drop to the floor. I was fully bare to him, and dared to look him in the eye, but his eyes were elsewhere. I knew that my short-cropped pubic hair revealed my pussy lips and clit to him, and he was looking right at them. His gaze lingered for what seemed like an eternity, and my cunt was aflame.

"Get in," he ordered, softly patting the surface of the water in front of him, and bringing his knees up. As I raised my arms to secure my long hair up on top of my head with the brooch that had been holding my tunic, I saw his gaze rise to take in my firm, high breasts, and made a point of pushing them forward for maximum effect. I then stepped over the edge of the bath, my right leg first to keep his view of my cunt going as long as possible. I lowered myself into the water in front of him, my back to him, and backed up enough that I could feel his cock against my lower back.

His strong hands stroked my shoulders and down my arms, then he took a wet cloth and began to wash my back, up and down. He ran a fingernail down my spine, sending a thrill through me, then began massaging my shoulders and neck with his fingertips. I moaned with pleasure as his fingers pressed firmly into my flesh, back and forth across my skin. 

He gently pulled me toward him, and I rested my back against his muscular chest. He moved me slightly to the right, so that my head laid way back on his shoulder, our faces side by side. He slipped his hands around onto my belly, then slowly brought them up to cup my breasts, softly squeezing them and running the nipples between his fingers. He ran his fingers round and round, and across the base of my breasts, and up again to sensuously rub my nipples until they felt like they might burst into flames. He turned his head and kissed and nibbled my ear and neck, working his lips down to my shoulder, and continued to play with my breasts. I wanted to touch myself, but I kept my hands on his thighs.

Eventually, he moved his hands to my hips, then down the outside of my legs, over my knees, and then up my inner thighs. Gently, he brushed across my pubes, back and forth. I parted my knees, and he pushed his fingers between my pussy lips. My entire body shuddered, and I turned my head towards his, softly brushing my lips against his, my eyes closed. His fingers worked their way up and down my cunt, fondling the lips, pinching, tugging, rolling between them... finally he found and squeezed my clit. I let out a long moan, and he kissed me passionately, deeply, our tongues winding around each other. His thumb circled my clit, whilst two fingers probed inside me, massaging my g-spot firmly, almost lifting me out of the bath. I grasped his biceps and pressed my face hard against his, grinding my back against his rock-hard cock.

I turned in his arms, wanting to straddle him and draw his cock inside me, but instead he stood up and swept me up effortlessly in his strong arms. He stepped out of the bath, both of us dripping water on the marble floor, and walked across to the bed.

He lowered my feet to the floor by the bed, and turned me towards it. With one hand on my hip and another on my back he guided me to bend over the bed and stroked my buttocks. With his foot he tapped the inside of my heels to indicate I should spread my legs. He spread me as far as I could go, until my full weight rested on the bed, my arms stretched out before me, and I felt him kneel behind me, his breath on my cunt. I was fully open to him.

He kissed the backs of my thighs, then ran his tongue up to my cheeks, tenderly kissing them. With his hands, he parted them, and I knew he was looking at my most private hole. I felt his tongue around my anus, then he pushed it inside, swirling around. He moved down and sucked my labia into his mouth, his hands firmly massaging my buttocks. He licked up and down my pussy, probing inside, and flicking over my clit. I was glad none of my weight was on my legs, as I would have collapsed. He sucked hard on my clit, and licked it whilst inside his mouth.

"Oh, by the Gods, yes!" I cried out, "Please fuck me!"

"You're not ready yet," he said, "but soon..."

He probed a finger inside me, feeling my wetness, slipping in and out, then added another finger, stretching me wider. He pushed deep inside, probing gently. Once he had pushed three fingers inside me, I said: "I'm ready! Please, I need you!"

He stood up behind me, and I yearned for what was to come next. I felt the head of his massive cock rub up and down my pussy, and then pause at the entrance. I pushed back, desperate for him to complete the move. but he pressed me down firmly.

"Patience, my beauty," he laughed, "All things come to she who waits."

He ran his cock up and down, teasing me a few more times, even stopping at my asshole once, so I thought he was going to penetrate me there, but finally he moved back to the entrance to my dripping cunt, and, ever so slowly, pushed his swollen member inside me. As he stretched me wide, I almost thought I couldn't take it, and I let out a little cry, but he placed a reassuring hand on my back and penetrated me all the way, until I felt his balls against me. I had never felt so full, so complete.

"Your little cunt is so tight!" he exclaimed, "And I could look at your perfect behind forever..."

He waited a few seconds, just holding me impaled, in his full power, then began to fuck me hard. I moved my ass back and forth in time to his pounding, willing him to bury his cock even deeper inside me. He grunted and I gasped with each thrust, he dug his nails into my behind, and I clutched the bedsheets as if my life depended on it.

Suddenly, I knew I had to taste his cock. As he drew back for another thrust, I pulled forward and he slipped out of me. I spun around, grabbed his cock, and kissed him full on the mouth as I pulled him off balance so he fell onto the bed. I jumped up beside him, still grasping his member, and crouched down so that the tip was mere inches from my mouth. I locked eyes with him and licked my lips, then slowly closed them around his cock. I took him in as deep as I could and ran my tongue around the head, relishing the salty taste of his precum mingled with my pussy juices. He dropped his head back on the bed, and moaned.

"No slave girl would dare to be so forward in my province," he muttered, "I like it here..."

I had crouched beside him, rather that between his legs so that he could still have access to my cunt, and he took advantage of that, taking firm hold of my lips and massaging them, and then thrusting two fingers inside me, finger-fucking me as hard as I was sucking him. I wished I had another man there to fuck me while I gobbled his incredible cock...

I lowered myself to suck on his balls, and felt the delicious sensation of my nipples rubbing against his skin whilst I did so. I sucked his balls alternately, but kept a firm grip on the shaft of his cock, working up and down. I was acutely aware of the tension that was building down there, and took care to slow down whenever he seemed to get too close - I wanted to make sure this was a slave girl he would never forget!

I took hold of his hand that wasn't fingering me and brought it over to one of my breasts, taking his first finger and thumb and pinching my nipple as hard as I could with them, to show him how I liked it. He obliged, and gave it a really sharp pinch and tug. I bucked in pleasure, and pushed my rear harder back against his hand that was fingering me. I renewed my grip on his cock, this time grasping below the balls, pressing my fingertips into the area just ahead of his asshole. He groaned deeply and thrust his hips up, so that his cock once again entered my mouth, and I sucked hungrily.

I reached up and let down my long hair, letting it flow across his belly. He released my nipple, instead running his hand across my scalp, letting my hair draw through his fingers to the ends. I took a thick bunch of hair and wrapped it around his penis. I gave the head one more suck, grabbed hold of his balls, and raised myself up so that the hair tugged on his cock, then slipped around and off. I repeated this move a couple of times then settled back to sucking and stroking his cock.

His fingers in my pussy pulled my rear towards his head, so I straddled him and lowered myself onto his face. His tongue plunged into my cunt, sucking and licking furiously, his fingers playing around, and sometimes inside, my asshole.

I was approaching orgasm, and the tightness I felt in his balls told me he was too, but I wanted to feel him inside me once more, and to see his face when he came, so I turned myself around once more, and guided that massive rod deep into my cunt. I slowly put two fingers into my mouth, wetting them with saliva and then began stroking my clit. He thrust his hips up at me, and I started to slide up and down his cock. He pulled me forward so that he could suck my nipples, and I put my hand behind his neck, urging him on.

Suddenly, he grabbed my hips and began thrusting harder. I clenched as hard as I could with my cunt, and he let out a cry as I felt his hot cum spray inside me. This pushed me over the edge, and I lifted myself upright and grabbed my nipples as hard as I could whilst my orgasm shuddered through me and I let my full weight push him as deep as possible inside me. As my pussy spasmed in ecstasy, it milked the last of the cum out of him and he arched his back, his arms pushing hard down against the bed and he let out a series of groans.

He finally went limp, and I slowly leaned forward, resting my spent body against his heaving chest.

He laid there, eyes closed, his breathing gradually normalizing, and his cock softened to the point where it slipped out of me.

I quietly climbed off the bed and padded across to the bathing area, his cum already dripping down the inside of my legs. I cleaned myself up, then brought a bowl of warm water and a cloth back to the bed. By now he was snoring softly, and didn't stir as I gently washed off his beautiful cock and balls. I laid down, snuggled up against him, pulled the sheets over us both, and warmed his bed for the rest of the night.