 Copyright (c) 2018 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

---------

This is one of a series of stories set in what I call Universe-J. Universe-J is very much like this universe with a few exceptions. 

First the people tend to be a little more sexual and less hung up on sex that they are in our universe. This does not mean that monogamy is the exception. James and Heather were monogamous for a significant amount of time before they "accidentally" swapped partners.

Second the repercussions of unprotected sex are less severe than our universe. Not to say that STDs and unexpected pregnancies don't occur, just that they occur less frequently and in the case of STDs, a good shot of antibiotic will put you right again. HIV has yet to be introduced so STDs aren't a death sentence there.

Lastly, pedophilia and incest (which I will not be writing about) are virtually unknown. Children are to be protected and loved not abused. When they reach the age of consent, they can join in the adult games if they so desire, but there is no pressure on them to do so.

---------

Preface

Heather and I were reminiscing the other day and she turned to me and asked, "How the hell did you end up in that bar that night anyway? I don't think you have ever told me that story and to be honest, I don't think I've ever asked."

I shrugged as I said, "It was just one of those things." 

But it did get me thinking, why was I in that bar, on that night, at that particular moment in time...

BANG!!

With that simple but loud sound, all activity in the restaurant stopped instantly. Barbara removed her hand and part of my brain marveled at how quiet it had suddenly become. Another part of my brain was fascinated by the ring now partially embedded in the table in front of me. And yet a third part of my brain was fascinated by the rhythmic motion of her ass in those tight jeans walking angrily out of my life forever. Gawd I loved that ass.

As sounds slowly crept back into the universe, I reached out and recovered the ring from where she had tried to entomb it, as yet another chunk of my fractured consciousness noted that by my watch, I had been engaged to the most perfect creature in all of time and space for the sum total of 21 minutes and 37 seconds. 

Somewhere, a voice was screaming for me to get my head out of my ass and follow her. Apologize. 

Prostrate myself in front of her so she could walk over my supine body with her stiletto heels. Kiss her feet, her ass, anything to stop this travesty.

So I picked up the ring, dropped it in my packet. Threw a 50 on the table and walked into the night. Of course the white Lamborghini we arrived in was gone, as was she. It was ok. The five mile walk back to my house felt good, even if it took me about 12 miles to get there. I guess I missed a couple (dozen) turns.

But it was ok. My drinking buddy JD was there and we sat up talking and drinking alone all night. 

 

The downside of drinking with JD is that he is not very good about saying, "Whoa buddy, I think you've had enough". 

So it was about 4:30 or 5 in the afternoon that I got up off the kitchen floor and went to puke last night's dinner into the porcelain throne. The white felt cool and nice on my face, but I had to get moving, so I threw myself into the shower and then into some clean clothes. As I pulled the same old jeans back on the thought crossed my mind 'I really need to do some laundry or go buy more jeans.'

Wasn't going to happen tonight.

I picked my old friend JD up and tossed back the last mouthful of his advice and headed out to my car. It was not a nice white Lamborghini, just a well-kept Japanese midsize car with a lot of miles on it. It was Barbara's family that was into the euro car scene, but they could afford it. I couldn't and probably never would now. 

I hit the road carefully, figuring I was still probably way over the legal limit and headed north. The air felt good coming in the open windows and I was just starting to enjoy myself when I glanced in the rear view mirror and fucking had a heart attack. Bright and blinding the flashing lights came up behind me and then the patron fairy of intoxicated idiots threw me a bone. The lights pulled out around me and ran flashing on down the road, chasing someone or something more important than me.

About then, I realized that I hadn't actually pissed myself, but it was close. There was an exit up ahead. 

The cops had gone past it, so it was time I pulled off the road and chilled for a while. This is exactly what I tried to do. 

Just off the exit ramp was a small strip mall with what looked like one of those cracker box restaurants. A bathroom and a cup of coffee might be just what I needed. I pulled in and parked and walked up to the door. Before I got there, some sober part of my self-preservation instinct said 'There are some bushes right over there that need watering. They need watering real bad. Real bad.' 

But I wasn't listening. 

I also didn't listen when my eyes read the sign by the door that spelled out the rules of the joint. 'You don't need to go in there; the bushes are just around the corner...' 

Why would rule 4 be 'No Colors'?

I opened the door and was amazed that anything could be that dark. Before my eyes adjusted to the absence of light, a mountain to my left growled "five bucks". I dug it out and passed it over. To this day, I still don't know if that place had a cover charge or if he just extorted $5 from everybody stupid enough to open his door. 

Sliding in I saw the reason for the dark was a black blanket hanging over a frame just past my friend the mountain. I slid it to the side and walked into a dimly lit, biker strip bar. 

Ding, Ding, Ding. 

Colors? 

Gang Colors! 

What the fuck is a young scrawny white kid in a polo shirt and jeans doing in a fucking biker strip bar??!?? 

Well, if I'm gonna die, I might as well have a drink. 

A quick glance showed me that there was a bar to my right. I walked over to the bar more confidently than I really felt (show no fear). Plunked my butt on a bar stool and took in the place. The bar was one of the horseshoe types with 2 bartenders both topless. My bad luck was holding. The guy asked what I was drinking. 

"JD, no ice, no water" I said. 

He flashed me a grin and pulled a mostly clean glass off the rack and filled it up. I put a 20 on the bar and he nodded and plunked the glass down in front of me. 

I decided it was time to get the lay of the land. I've described the bar. There were three small stages with stripper poles on the floor. One stage was to my left, one straight ahead and one on the other side of the bar. The first two each had a really thin chick dancing with only a G-string on. The third stage was a little bigger and had a pair of girls doing interesting things to each other for the enjoyment of most of the audience. Behind me I could barely make out a set of booths against the wall. One was empty. One had a scrawny older chick blowing a biker with what looked like a 5 dollar bill in her hand. The third looked empty.

I went back to making friends with my drinking buddy JD again and watched as a tall gangly guy walked up to the first stage and slapped 2 twenties down. 

"Ohh! It's on," said the other bartender. 

I glanced over and checked her out. She was late 20's, firm tits with a little bit of a muffin top over her short shorts. 

What's on?" I asked.

She glanced over at me, must have decided I was safe and slid a little closer. 

"Leon there has been drinking all afternoon and he has been getting a big fucking hard-on for SuzieQ every time she gets up to dance. So he just called her out. If she takes the cash, you'll get a ring side seat when he hauls her back here to the booth and splits her cunt with that yardarm of his. By the way, I'm Becky if you need anything ..."

Finding it difficult to take my eyes off her tits I glanced over in time to see SuzieQ pull herself way up on the stripper pole, flip upside down and helicopter down to the stage grabbing the cash at the last second. Leon let out a massive roar and picked SuzieQ up over his shoulder and headed our way.

Becky was silently clapping her hands and jumping up and down a little which was fucking amazing. I don't know if her tits were natural or enhanced, but they bounced and her nipples started to grow like Pinocchio's nose. Dying of frustration that I couldn't be a chameleon and watch two things at once I settled on spinning a little so I could watch Becky and the Leon & SuzieQ show without swiveling my head off.

As Leon slapped his prize down on the table in the first booth, I saw the biker in the next booth sit up a little bit and shoot his wad all over the older chick's face and then shove his dick back into her mouth.

Leon just grabbed each side of the G-string and pulled and that was that. SuzieQ was in her birthday suit. She spread her legs and he buried his face in her cunt. He must have been good because she started to moan and shake pretty quick. When she grabbed his head and held it between her thighs, I could see him undo his belt and then he stood up and dropped his pants to show off The Biggest Cock I Have Ever Seen. 

"One of these days, I am going to have that piece of meat for myself" I heard Becky mutter. 

I glanced over and she had her short shorts unzipped and had a hand sliding in and out. Her other hand was up cupping her perfect breast and flicking the nipple. 

I wasn't sure which I want to watch more until Becky pulled her hand out and slid a finger into my drink. Before she could retrieve it, I grabbed her wrist and pulled her fingers to my mouth. Her scent with the aroma of the alcohol was intoxicating. Her eyes showed a little fear when I first grabbed her then she relaxed as I sucked her fingers clean. 

Her other hand slipped down into her shorts, dipped into her honeypot and then headed for my glass. I released her first hand and captured the second hand and repeated the finger cleaning. 

Just then I heard SuzieQ scream, "Fuck me with that goddam dick of yours. No more teasing I want it now." And Becky gave a nod with her chin as she retrieved her fingers.

I turned and watched as Leon stopped humping the outside of her cunt and pulled his dick back and tried to slide the head into SuzieQ. It wouldn't go. He pulled it out and spit on her pussy lips three times and rubbed the head of his massive cock to try and wet it. This time he was able to get it in and SuzieQ wrapped her legs around his waist and started pulling him deeper into her.

I noticed movement from the second booth and the old chick was riding one guys cock. The original guy was just starting to slide his dick slowly into her ass and there was a third guy fucking her mouth all the way in until she made gagging noises then pulled out and slapped her face with his dick then shoved it back into her mouth. 

I glanced back at Becky and her eyes were glazing over. She had dropped her shorts and stepped out of one leg. She had that leg up on a box perfectly showing off her clean shaven snatch while sliding a blue dildo into her pussy. She licked her fingers and started pulling on her nipple. When she saw me watching, she arched her back a bit, blew me a kiss and mouthed "fuck me later" silently.

Leon and SuzieQ were grunting and humping their way to paradise but the threesome in the next booth got there first. The first guy pulled out of her ass and started spurting his cum all over her back. That started the guy in her mouth jamming his cock all the way in and grunting as he spewed hot cum down her throat. When those guys were done, she climbed off the last guy and grabbed his cock in her hand and started pumping furiously on it while licking the head like a lollypop. When that didn't do it, she spit on her hand and slid a long finger up his ass while stroking him like a steam engine. That did it and she pulled her head back as his cock went off like a fountain.

Just then Leon started to arch his back and make noises in his throat. SuzieQ pushed him back and slid off the table and knelt in form of him sliding her mouth over the massive head of his cock. I didn't think she could take it in, but she just barely did before he grabbed the back of her head and you could see his balls rise and fall as he pumped his cum into her mouth. It must have been a lot because she couldn't handle it all and it dribbled from the sides of her lips and fell on her tits. It seemed like forever, but finally he let SuzieQ up go and she sat gasping for air.

I heard a sound from Becky's direction and turned in time to watch her have an amazing orgasm. She had the dildo up her cunt and was rubbing her clit when she started to shake and gave out a low moan. 

The shaking got more intense until she stood up on her tiptoes and tensed her whole body for a moment then slumped down as if boneless. She sat quivering for a moment then pulled the dildo out and gave it a quick wash in her mouth, then stepped back into her shorts and pulled them up.

The crowd was breaking up now that the Leon and SuzieQ show was over. I was feeling nature's call, so I leaned over to Becky and mouthed, "Bathroom?" 

She leaned over the bar and gave me a quick kiss and whispered, "Not yet. I get a break in 20 minutes." 

I laughed and whispered back, "That's not what I meant. I need to take a piss. Where is the bathroom?" 

It took a second to sink in, and then she giggled and pointed. 

I grabbed her hand and kissed it and said, "I'll be back".

The walls of the bathroom were covered in a hodge-podge of the nastiest porn imaginable glued over virtually every wall and surface possible. While pissing I was trying to make sense of this picture over the urinal. As near as I could tell, it was two women 69-ing while each had a cock in the mouth, a cock in the pussy and another in the ass. But that was just a guess. I just shook my head and zipped up. I was feeling much better.

Just as I came out, all hell broke loose. All I could hear was a lot of yelling and a group of people standing next to the second booth.

"He paid you bitch, I was just fucking your mouth because it was an empty hole you whore," yelled the guy that had fucked the older chick's mouth. 

"That's 5 bucks you cheap bastard. You know I ain't free," that was the chick. "And you, dick face, that's an extra 10 for fucking my ass." 

It went downhill from there. In seconds, the three were slapping, hitting, biting and god knows what to each other. I decided discretion was the better part of valor and slid into the last booth to stay out of the way and ducked down.

The fight didn't last long. The mountain came by and picked most of them up under one arm and one by the scruff of the neck and dragged them outside. The DJ came back on announcing the next round of dancing and the crowd moved out to the stages. 

I was ready to slide out of the booth when a hand grabbed my knee and I heard a tiny voice say, "Please don't go. You have to help me get out of here."

I looked down and there was this beautiful young woman on the floor with her legs tucked up under her. 

"What do you mean?" I said, a little slow on the uptake. 

"It's embarrassing," she started. "I came here with some girlfriends on a dare. We were at a bridal party and a few of us got drunk and Roxy said she knew of a little dive that was kind of racy and Melody wanted to go check it out and so we came here and I had to use the bathroom and when I came out they were gone and I got scared and hid under this table. I've been trying to get up the nerve to go, but I'm scared of all these ... guys." 

"You really want out of her?" I asked. She nodded, in tears. 

"Ok. Let's go now. Everybody is out by the stages and it is a straight shot to the door. I'll stand up. You come out and walk on my left side so nobody will see you and we'll go. My car is right out there and we'll be gone." 

She nodded and stood up. I wrapped my arm around her and we walked together out into the night. I feel guilty saying this, but I did look over for Becky but she was on the other side of the bar and didn't see us go.

When we hit the parking lot, the mountain was still reasoning with the lovebirds. Well two of them anyway. One guy was down on the ground and as we got to the car I heard a thud and saw the other guy slump to the ground. The chick was laughing and dancing with her flabby tits flapping every which way as she jumped around.

As I pulled the car out onto the street I said, "By the way, my name is James. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance."

She giggled a little hysterically and said, "Hi James, I'm Heather and I think I love you."

"Where mayest thy chariot take thee my lady?" I said in my best medieval tones.

"You are probably not going to like this, but I live way south of here," she said slowly.

"Just say where and I'll be happy to take you there," I said as I turned the car to the freeway south.

She named an intersection. 

"Holy fucking shit!!" I yelled and then immediately regretted it. 

Heather had shrunk down into the crack between the seat and the door and was seemingly half her original size as she tried to make herself even smaller and invisible. 

"I'm sorry," she kept saying over and over again.

"I'm sorry, too," I said once I got control of myself. "I really didn't mean to yell that loud. I just got excited that you live that close to me."

For a few minutes the only sound was the wind blowing over the car and the tires rolling on the street.

Finally, Heather found her voice and asked, "You really mean that you live that way too?"

"Yep," I said. "Cross my heart and hope my cock falls off." 

I rattled off my address and said, "That's only about a mile from where you live."

With that Heather began to come out of the corner of her seat like a rose bud unfolding. "Well," she started, "We can't have your cock falling off. Somebody might need it."

There was a long pause and I really wished the radio in this POS car worked, so it could soak up some of these awkward pauses. Before I could figure out anything to say, she continued, "So what in hell were you doing way up here if you live way down there?"

My first thought was to say, "I could ask you the same question" but a jackass cutting us off froze that thought while I tried to avoid an accident. When things had calmed down I blurted out, "I was having a really fucking bad day and I just jumped in the car and started driving. I pulled in there because I had to take a piss and I thought it was a pancake house or cracker box or something. I never would have guessed it would be a biker strip club sex show bar kind of dive."

Heather giggled and said, "Yeah, it was not exactly the way Roxy described it either. I'm pretty sure she had never been in there before from the look of sheer terror in her eyes when we walked in."

"It was quite eye opening," I agreed. "The only time I have seen people fucking, other than in porno films, was when I walked in on my roommate and his girl. I just stood there and watched for a while. Eventually she saw me and invited me over. That's when I freaked out and left. I could hear them laughing about it."

"I've never even had that. The best I have had is listening to the headboard bang into the wall when Roxy gets fucked by her guy," she said. "It was pretty amazing watching those people just think nothing of just walking up to somebody and having some kind of sex with them. I'm embarrassed to say it, but as scared as I was, I was also getting horny."

I agreed with her, "I know. I was getting such a hard on watching all the shenanigans, I damn near came in my pants. It's a good thing you grabbed my knee after I had gone to the bathroom or I would have pissed myself. I damn near did anyway."
