 What I am writing is a true story. I am writing about the first time I cheated on my wife… with my sister in law! To this day nobody knows – and it was the best sex I ever had. This also lead to the disintegration of my marriage but that will take sometime to explain. So let me go back to the beginning to explain.

It was a family barbeque. My wife and I were at my brother in laws house in the middle of summer. It was a beautiful day - hot and sweltering. It was over forty degrees Celsius and he wanted to have it at his new house - a fantastic two storey house, complete with pool and spa. What was more fantastic was the fact that I get to see my sister in law in her swimsuit. Now I should point out I love my wife and she is certainly no slouch – either in her appearance or in bed. In fact, she’s fantastic. But there is something about my sister in law (the fact she is forbidden fruit and the fact she is so fucking ripe she’s about to fall off the vine) that makes me rock hard. 

Let me describe her. Her name is Sarah. She is about 5’3” – short. Like half way up to my chest short (I’m over six feet myself). She had long blond hair and deep brown eyes. She is in her early thirties. After having a child, she put on weight and that prompted her to work out more. She works out five days a week and is all about the Aitkin’s diet. Despite constant training, she has some weight on her but it just went to all the right places – her arse and tits (she is a double D). She has bounce and curves in all the ways you could want it. To complete the package, she goes to a solarium regularly to tan up. She has this deep bronze skin. It is such a turn on. She is a total MILF and could easily do porn (we did eventually make amateur porn but that’s another story for another time).

This was the first time I’d seen her out of her business attire as she worked as an account executive at some large firm. It was awesome. She wore this very flimsy two piece where you could see everything but she tried to cover her ass and hide her stomach. I could tell she was shy about her figure because all her friends who were there (who were also hot) were leaner. And I could tell that she felt insecure about it. However, I knew that her friends were jealous of her insanely huge and all natural breasts. I’d overheard them that very day.

My wife was playing with our niece, talking to her mother and her brother catching up on current events. The rest of the guys seemed content watching the cricket, lounging in the pool or talking and drinking beers. As for me, I couldn’t help but stare at Sarah the whole day. I watched her walk by the pool. I had my sunglasses on so she couldn’t see my eyes – and so my wife could see how they wandered. The eye candy today was plentiful but none as fine as my sister in law. I swear I think she knew I was watching too. I watched her as her hips swayed when she walked right by me and the way she lay back on the deck chair basking in the sun and champagne. I watched those nipple pierce that thin swimsuit as she laid back, her chest slowly rising with her relaxed breathing. Her legs crossed gave me a perfect view of this muscular, yet sexy thighs and round arse. I could tell from the way she sat that her arse was tight but had enough bounce to be perfect.

The friends of the family were outside, lying on deck chairs, drinking and talking and monitoring their own kids by the pool. The female friends were also similarly gorgeous. Peer pressure is not without its own merits I might add. These women were all friends and always tried to keep up with the Joneses. So they all worked out, tried fad diets. Some even talked about plastic surgery. What more would you expect from a bunch of thirty year old women?

I had gone inside to grab a beer and to abate the dull aching in my groin. I had to relieve myself or I was going to create a scene. It was at that precise moment I saw my sister in law bent over poking through the fridge.

I had an instant erection. 

The swimsuit was riding the full length of her crack. Her top had half come down and in bending over I had a fantastic view of the full length of her shapely, tanned legs – ass, thighs, calves, as well as a good eyeful of her tits. 

She heard me come in and asked if I wanted a beer. She wasn’t aware how close I was, let alone just how much her swimsuit was revealing. When I replied “Definitely” she did though. She noticed me checking her out and turned beet red immediately. She immediately covered her stomach and stood up, straightening herself out before squatting to get the beer from the fridge (it was less compromising). 

I couldn’t help but tell her “Why did you cover your stomach? You know you look fine.”

She gave me a patronising look, as if to say ‘You don’t need to be nice just because we are in-laws.’

“Thank you Michael but I know I am.”

She looked outside wistfully at her friends.

“Don’t be looking at them, you know they’d kill to have your figure.”

She sighed “I’d kill to have theirs.”

I looked at them all. All of them were very slim, all athletic and all good looking. Definitely fuckable in every conceivable way. But they just did not have the package like Sarah’s. Not even close.

“Sarah, they were just talking about how they were jealous of your tits. Shit, Jessica says she wants to get implants she’s that jealous.”

Sarah raised an eyebrow. “Oh really?” 

I grinned “Yes, really. You can go out and ask if you don’t believe me.”

Sarah then suddenly frowned. “At least she can get implants. I can’t do much without spending a fortune to get this fat removed.” 

At that moment I looked at her stomach. She had a few small rolls of stretched skin (remnants of pregnancy no doubt), some fat but very little at all. Infact, you could tell just how many crunches she does every day by looking at her abs and obliques. There was no way she could be considered by any definition fat. I’d pay top dollar to eat off that body but there was no way I was going to tell her that.

“Sarah, there is no way that any red blooded male could call you fat. You are by far, the best looking woman here.” 

She looked up at me, with a look of genuine happiness, mixed with shock.

“Apart from my wife of course.” I quickly added with a smirk.

As my eyes wandered over, I realised that my eyes were not the only one to wander. She came around the kitchen counter to hand me my beer. It was then she noticed my erection through my swimming trunks already and were wide like saucers. She was turning an even deeper shade of red – and so was I. I had a hunch I’d do this so I made sure my wife sucked me and fucked me hard before we even came here today. Yet my man was a full mast and there was no hiding it now.

She fumbled to hand me the beer. Actually I think it might have been me. I’m not going to pretend I am a regular Don Juan and cool under pressure. I must have looked like a complete dipshit. She grinned “You may want to put that on ice lover boy.” I stuttered like an idiot. “Oh shit, sorry… umm…”. Her eyes had turned back to normal but I noticed she hadn’t taken her eyes off it. She grinned even more evilly as she handed me the beer. “It’s ok Mike.” She leaned closer as if to tell me a secret. “I have seen an erection before.”

I was at a loss for words. I mumbled something about needing to go to the bathroom and promptly excused myself. I made my way to the toilet, beet in hand with the firm intention of having a solid wank to relieve myself.

Before I could close the door, Sarah was right behind me, smiling like the Cheshire Cat.

“You look like you could use a hand? Or more.”

She pushed me onto the toilet seat. She promptly took the beer off me and opened it.

She handed it back to me then locked the door behind us.

“Just how quickly do you think you can get off?” she asked. Clearly she was as concerned as I was we’d be done for sure.

I looked at her and smiled right back “As long as you want.” I wasn’t sure how to answer so being ambiguous seemed the smartest response.

“I saw the way you looked at me by the pool. I saw you stare. Jimmy hasn’t looked at me the way you do for such a long time. I’ve forgotten what it is like to be attractive. Or at least feel it. You make me feel attractive.” She quietly told me as she slid my swimming trunks off.

I took a deep swig on my beer as she grasped my cock, all seven thick inches of it. I noticed she was left handed. She had long deft fingers, perfect for typing, and painted acrylic nails. I could also see the wedding band as she stroked it softly. God that was such a turn on. Her husband could rip me a new one, my wife and mother in law were outside and here I was getting stroked by the one person I’ve lusted after the most and by all rights, had no business being with. 

“Jimmy works such long hours and I’m almost certain he’s cheating on me. Either with some whore or one of the girls outside. I found a condom packet inside his pants once. I also found a receipt for a hotel booking in his wallet too. I want insurance. I want to be hot. I want to be someone’s whore. I want to be your whore.”

The words tumbled out of her mouth like I was in some porno where I was the star. It was at that moment I realised that there is a God and he finally saw fit to throw me a bone.

Before I could utter a word of protest (as if I would – hah) she stuffed me into her mouth.

She spat on my cock and pumped it like a pro. Clearly she was a veteran at giving head. Having seen her husband’s porn collection I had no doubt she was trained well. It was then I realised that her self esteem was at rock bottom. Her husband had pictures of women all over the place – in the garage, on his computer, in his DVD and video collection. Between the hot friends, checking other women out he must have completely compared his wife to all these women and just eroded her self esteem to nothing. Finding the condom wrapper and the receipt was just the final nail in the coffin for her. 

It dawned on me that I could do anything I wanted with this woman. Anything. So long as I made her realized how unbelievably hot and sexy she was, as long as I could make her feel attractive, there would be no limits to what she would do for me. She would not hold back. All I had to do was make her feel special like her husband didn’t and not compare her to others.

I took a sip of my beer closed my eyes and let her suck and pump me as fast as she could.

I watched as her head bobbed up and down the full length of it, those bedroom brown eyes staring up at me as she sucked. 

I was in heaven. This was the best day of my life. All my sense of morality went out the window and all that mattered was being lost in that moment. 

I took her face in my hands and stroked her cheeks as she sucked. God she was beautiful. She was such a hot whore… my little whore. I slowly slid my hands into that luxurious head of hair and grabbed it all in one hand. With one hand holding her hair and the other positioned over the back of her head, I shoved her head right into my crotch. Her hands slid along my legs, down my calves to her breasts and she kneaded and fondled them as I rammed her head into my crotch and my dick into the back of her throat. Not once did she try to fight me. I thrust hard and fast, sharply and unmercifully. I didn’t care if I hurt her. I wanted to cum. I could tell she was trying not to gag but at the same time I knew she was turned on. I watched her masturbate through her swimsuit, her fingers deep inside her twat.

As I rammed my cock into her face and slammed away with blind and blissful lust. She was drooling over my cock, so there was no friction. I slid in and out easily as she throated it like a champ. She rubbed herself furiously – fingering herself shamelessly while her other freehand tweaked, squeezed and twisted her nipples and was moaning quietly.

I too, had to bite my lip to stifle from screaming. Especially as I came. I held her there, balls deep, as I came in her throat – in buckets it felt like. Suspended in a single moment of eternity, cum rained down her throat and not once did she buckle and gag. I’d had been with more than a few women, had plenty of sex – good sex. But none was as sweet as the forbidden taste of my sister in law. 

When I was done she pulled away and sucked and licked me clean. As she rose I noticed that she came too and she sucked on her fingers cleaning them, grinning at me. There I lay, on the toilet, flabbergasted and totally wiped out; with a half empty beer and my trunks not three feet from me as she fixed her hair.

“We will have to do this another time” she whispered sweetly. With that, she spun on her heels and left.

I looked at the clock. We couldn’t have gone longer than ten minutes at most. Best ten minutes of my life to date – and that was just the beginning.