 After 12 months of putting this off, I have decided to do a sequel to this story. So many readers have requested one – so here goes.

Jean woke up the morning after the storm. She remembered that the washing machine had broken and that someone had fixed it for her. She had been so tired after the bout of housework she had previously done that day, that she had dinner and taden a sleeping pill so that the storm wouldn't disturb her sleep.

She had gone to bed and slept very soundly. Little did she know that Terry the repairman had re-visited her and had his way with her while she was out to it. In fact, he vowed that he would come back and fuck her when she was awake.

After she had her breakfast, she looked around the house and couldn't find anything that really needed doing, as she had cleaned so thoroughly the day before. She decided that she would just sit out on the back porch and do a bit of reading. She found a romance novel that she had been trying to get to for a few days and settled herself on the lounger outside. After about a half-hour of reading she went inside for a drink. While she was there the doorbell rang. She wasn't expecting any visitors and wondered who it could be?

She opened the door to find a young man standing there.

"Hello Jean, I thought I would just check and see if the washing machine was working alright."

She then remembered that it was Terry, the repairman. 

"Come in Terry, the machine is going great. Would you like a cold drink or a coffee since you are here?"

"Thanks Jean, I have been working since early this morning and haven't had breakfast as yet, so a cup of coffee would go down well."

Terry came into the lounge room and Jean proceeded to the kitchen to start the coffee. 

Now, Terry was about 46 and stood about 6'1", he had short brown hair and bright blue eyes. He was a fit young man and played basketball when he had the time.

He followed Jean out to the kitchen and sat on a stool watching her.

"How about I make you some breakfast Terry, seeing as you haven't had any. It won't take me long to whip up some sausages and eggs or something like that."

"You don't have to do that Jean, I can have an early lunch."

"Don't be silly, you didn't charge me for the repairs yesterday so I feel I owe you something."

Jean went ahead and made up a batch of pancakes, along with some bacon, sausages and eggs and served it up to him with a strong cup of coffee. Terry tucked into it as though it had been his only meal in a long time.

It didn't take him long to finish it off. 

"Well, said Jean. You were certainly hungry. Don't you get fed at home?"

"I live alone Jean, so I only eat when I am very hungry and never anything that tasted as good as that meal just did."

"Glad to hear you enjoyed it, but you should look after yourself a little better."

Jean was starting to sound like a mother, but Terry didn't want her dietary advice. He was more interested in getting her into bed so that he could feast on HER bounteous charms. Of course she didn't know that.

"So what do you have to do the rest of the day, Terry. More washing machines to fix I suppose."

"Actually, I don't usually work on the weekend; it was just an emergency today and I was the only one available at short notice. So I am free for the rest of the day. I know what though, why don't I take you out for a drive? I am sure a day out would be good for both of us."

"Oh Terry, you don't have to worry about an old lady like me, I am just going to do some more reading."

"Now Jean, I mean it, I would love to take you out. So let's get going."

"I will have to change, so give me a few moments, dear boy."

Jean almost ran to her room and changed into a pretty floral dress and sandals. She grabbed a wrap in case the wind came up and her handbag and went to meet Terry at the front door.

They settled in the van and drove out of town. Terry suggested that they stop and pick up a hamper so that they could have a picnic. He had some rugs in the back of the van. They did this and also a bottle of Chardonnay wine to drink with the meal.

They drove towards the beach. Jean had not been to this part of the beach before. She didn't have a car, so therefore didn't get out of town too much. Terry pulled on a deserted car park and hopped out. He ran around to the passenger's side and held the door open for her. She thought to herself, what a lovely young man he was, and so courteous.

She still didn't know what Terry had in mind though.

Terry grabbed the picnic hamper and a couple of rugs from the back of the van and led Jean down onto the sand. It was so peaceful there, no people and only a few gulls flying overhead. He lay the rugs on the sand and told her to make herself comfortable.

Just laying there together was so great. Jean very nearly dozed off. As she opened her eyes she noticed Terry looking at her.

"What is it Terry? Why are you looking at me like that?"

"Jean, I am sorry, but I have a confession to make to you."

"What is it, what's wrong?"

"Well Jean, yesterday when I was at your place I must have inadvertently picked up your key along with my things. I didn't realize this until about 10.00 o'clock and when I got back to your place, it was in darkness. I wasn't sure what to do, or if you would need you key this morning, so I let myself in and put it on the phone table. As I was walking back to the front door I noticed your bedroom door was open and you were sleeping. I walked to the door to tell you about the key and tried to wake you. Unfortunately, I couldn't wake you, but you looked so beautiful lying there, the comforter had been thrown back and your body was on display. I could smell your sexual aroma from where I stood and just had to get closer to you. I walked over to your bed and rubbed my palms across your breasts on top of your nightie, and slowly my hand drifted towards your honey pot. The aroma was so strong I just had to taste you, so I bent down and licked that beautiful pussy of yours, all the time want to sink deep inside that velvet cone. I decided that as you hadn't woken in all this time, that I was going to have that pussy anyway. I shucked my pants and slowly inserted my stiff rod into that cunt that was waiting for me. It felt so smooth and silky. I fell in love with it then and there. I can only apologize again Jean, and hope that you will forgive me. I came back today to try and lure you into bed again, but I just had to tell you what happened. I can understand it if you want to go straight home now. I am so sorry."

Jean sat through this speech, openmouthed. She couldn't believe that this man had actually fucked her while she was knocked out.

She laughed. "Terry, thank you for telling me. Although it is quite bizarre, I never thought anything like that would ever happen to me. I am so glad it did though. It just shows me that even at my age, I can still be desirable."

"Oh Jean, thank you so much. I do respect you but I still would love to make love to you now, with all your senses in full alert."

"What, here on the beach? Why don't we have our lunch and then go home. I am sure it would be much more comfortable in my king size bed."

"Jean, you are a darling. I love mature women and I think you are the sexiest one I have come across in a very long time. Let's eat and get home."

When they arrived home, Jean went to have a shower leaving Terry in the bedroom. He didn't take long to follow her and pulled the curtain aside and stepped into the shower with her. He ran his hands all over her full body and down to her central core. Using the soap he lathered her whole body and then pushed her under the water to rinse her off. He had placed his index finger into her pussy and gently worked it in and out while doing this. Jean was in seventh heaven, it was sooo... long since she had had this much attention from a man. She couldn't comprehend that a young man like Terry could desire an older woman like her.

She then reciprocated by bathing his body in the same manner and working his stiff pole in her hands. She knelt down on the tiles and took him in her mouth and Terry was in heaven too. He pulled away and stepped out of the cubicle and grabbed a couple of towels. He pulled her out and started to dry her off and then himself. 

"I think this would be a lot better on the bed."

They both rushed to the bed, Jean sitting on the side and waited for Terry to come to her so that she could continue what she had started in the shower. She pulled him to her and stood him between her legs. Taking his cock back into her mouth she worked at making sure that he was going to get as much satisfaction as her.

Terry pushed her back on the bed and knelt down in front of her. "Now I can eat for as long as I like without having to worry about waking you," he said.

Jean was startled at that. "Oh I forgot to tell you, before I fucked you last night I had to have a taste of that beautiful love box."

"You cheeky boy, you," she chuckled.

Terry continued to feast on the honey pot in front of him until Jean cried out for him to come up to her. They French kissed deeply and lovingly and Terry aligned himself with her love box and then slipped right in.

It was just as he remembered last night. Soft, smooth and silky, and oh, so wet. Jean had probably already cum and was nearly ready again. He worked his way right into her glory hole, slowly at first. 

"Faster, she cried. Faster baby."

So he gave it to her faster and harder and it didn't take long before they were both screaming with ecstasy and culminated with great gushes of spunk from each of them.

They lay together quietly. Their breathing slowly coming back to normal.

"Jean, I think that is the greatest sexxion of love making that I have ever had. Of course, it was so much better than last night, and I thought that was great."

"Terry, I want you to make love to me whenever you feel like it – you know I am at home most of the time, so if you have an hour or so to spare, at any time, just come by and take me to the heavens again and again."

"Jean, do you know what that means? I am going to want to spend a lot of time with you. Hope it is not too much for you, you make me insatiable."

"Darling boy, I don't care if you wear me out. What a wonderful way to go."

After a couple of months, they still couldn't get enough of each other. Jean asked Terry to move in with her. They were both very happy with the arrangement and it continued for many years.

Hope everyone is happy with this continuation and the ending.............jena121