 This is a continuation of my previous story. Now the action moves from the public bar and into the privacy of the bedroom as our two characters get to know each other a LOT better. 

... 

Diana stepped over the threshold, slipping out of her shoes as she did so, cursing herself that they were not more exotic or impressive. She wanted to come across as cosmopolitan and alluring in Jimmy Choo's or Christian Louboutin's and instead she was wearing her Marks & Spencer's finest court shoes. They had a heel but nothing to get men drooling over. 

Steve clicked the door shut behind them, flicking the lock over, kicking his shoes off in one movement before wrapping his arm around Diana's waist and pulling her close, squeezing the air from her lungs and quenching any resistance she might have felt. Steve thrust his leg between Diana's thighs and pressed her to the wall behind the door, using his other foot to kick her feet apart. This caused the gap in Diana's skirt to widen and Steve took the opportunity to guide his hand beneath the fold and stroke the silken thigh beneath. Steve's fingers caressed the tops of Diana's stockings, sliding beneath the taut elastic of her suspenders and caressing the exposed flesh. 

Like lovers from the dawn of time, they assumed the classic positions. Diana pressed herself against the wall, head lifted towards the heavens, neck wantonly flaunted expecting to be kissed, breasts roused and nipples hardened, feet planted on the floor but legs spread, ready to welcome him deeper into her embrace. 

For his part, Steve bent his head to Diana's collar and nuzzled against her neck and along her jaw to her ear, drawing gasps of anticipation as he did so. His hands swiftly unbuckled and snapped his belt free from its loops, dropping it to the floor. One leg between Diana's thighs became two, pressing his insistent erection to her sex. Steve's hands were busy, stroking and scratching Diana's buttocks, hips and thighs both directly on flesh and through the jersey wrap of her skirt, knowing that there was no other fabric, no scrap of anything beneath that skirt and Diana's engorging, glistening vagina. 

All of a sudden, Steve stepped back half a step and sat on his haunches. His face was level with the union of Diana's thighs, his hands pulled the snug fitting wrap of her skirt wide and tucked it up over her hips. Steve placed his palms on Diana's thighs, his fingers spread wide to her hips and his thumbs insinuated themselves toward Diana's labia. 

The air in the room grew thick as Diana's arousal grew, her heartbeat grew faster, her breath caught in her throat, her lips dried and she heard blood pumping in her ears, the same blood that throbbed in her temples, areola and labia. Diana stared into the distance without seeing as she felt Steve's mouth move closer to her sexual core. 

For a split second, Diana was relieved that she was freshly waxed and shaved as she felt her most intimate area exposed to Steve's gaze and attentions. His tongue tip pressed to her skin, which goose fleshed in response, tasting the salty sheen of her desire. 

Diana clenched her fist and banged the wall before gripping Steve's hair and pulling his head harder to her screaming pussy, begging him to probe deeper with his tongue and provide her with some relief. 

Steve settled in to his appreciation of Diana as he lapped, licked and kissed Diana most intimately and then sucked his fingers to get them wet before pressing two deep within Diana's folds. Once embedded, he twisted and turned them to rub as many pleasure spots as he could reach. He stroked the ridged flesh, the smooth flesh. His thumb reached to the slick flesh between her vagina and anus and rubbed. 

If Diana thought that she was having a good time up until that point, once Steve started teasing her ass, it really dialled it up a notch. It wasn't something that she indulged in very often, except for perhaps allowing one of her girlfriends to stray from the front to the back with their vibrators. 

The combination of Steve's attentions to her pleasure centres was driving Diana over the edge and as she gasped for breath, Diana exploded in ecstasy and came in Steve's face as he lapped at her climactic essence. 

Still giddy from her orgasm, Diana was scooped up in Steve's arms and taken to the bed. Contrary to the gallantry that Steve had shown until now, he unceremoniously threw Diana down, dragged her by the heels until her buttocks rested on the edge and then pulled her feet up in one hand to tug her skirt out from underneath her with the other. The speed and physicality of Steve's moves left Diana taken aback. Had she managed to recover yet from just coming in his face, she would definitely be breathless now. He was so assured, so masculine in claiming her as his own, so certain in what he was doing. Steve's actions were sending all the right signals to fuel her arousal and now Diana stared in lust as Steve pulled off his shirt and pushed his trousers down. 

Diana was pleased to see the size of the bulge throbbing against Steve's jersey boxers. She was obviously not the only one turned on by the encounter and her desire grew as Steve returned to his knees. Diana prepared herself to be loved again as her legs slipped over his shoulders, her ankles locked behind Steve's back as she pulled him closer. 

Steve's mouth returned to the scene of his earlier passions as once more he licked, sucked, gently nibbled and tongued her as intimately as he had done against the wall. In this position however, his hands were also free to please his companion. Steve's palms caressed Diana's buttocks and his thumbs pulled them apart to give his face deeper access to her. Steve's nose found Diana's clitoris and joined in concerto with his tongue now probing deep against the top of her labia and beneath and one, no two of his fingers inserted beneath them to tease and stroke her, twisting and rubbing as much and as deeply as he could reach. 

Not yet returned to normal from her last climax, Diana was rapidly climbing back up to her next when she felt something different, something unexpected, and something more intimate than usual. Steve had his thumb at Diana's puckered anus and had gently pushed and insinuated past the first knuckle. Not only that, but Steve was now trying to bring thumb and forefinger together, as he would for an "O.K." gesture but now he had Diana's moist flesh between them as he rubbed the two together. 

As Steve continued his assault on Diana's pleasure points, clitoris, labia, g-spot and anus, she yielded to another orgasm. Diana grabbed Steve's head, pushing him hard against her skin, almost suffocating him, embedding her fingers in his hair and squeezing her thighs tight and pressing her ankles into his back. 

Steve felt Diana's second climax of the evening peak and crash, like a wave on a sun drenched Hawaiian beach. He pulled back and looked up at the flushed flesh of Diana's thighs, shoulders and neck, as glimpsed through her blouse and Diana's face. 

With an economy of movement that comes from self assurance and determination that comes from single-mindedness of purpose, Steve stood and his boxers were now at his ankles and kicked off, Diana's blouse was unbuttoned and tossed aside. Having removed her bra earlier in the evening, Diana lay before Steve in just her stockings and suspenders. She felt completely exposed but completely at ease as the with the concluding actions of Steve's moves, his throbbing, dripping penis pressed once, twice against Diana's engorged sex and then with a huge sigh, she felt it gain entrance and in one stroke, she was filled by him. 

"Oh God! That's good. Oh God! Yes. Fuck! That's good. Fuck me please. Just fucking fuck me and make me cum again. Please. Fucking please. Just fucking fuck me again. I need to fucking cum again. Oh fuck. Oh God. PLEEEEASE!!" 

Heeding her Diana's please, taking the time only to whisper, "My pleasure", Steve gripped Diana's legs and buried himself deep within. He looked down at her, matching the lust in her eyes with his own. He watched her breasts bounce and undulate as his actions shook her back and forth on the bed. His desire and her climaxes meant that they were both more than ready to embark on full, deep, consensual sex. This wasn't love making, this was sex. Each thrust was met with a slick slap of flesh on flesh. Skin on skin as her thighs and buttocks bounced against his thighs and his ball sac swung beneath them, pressing against her perineum. 

Diana could feel the heavy, swollen contents of each testes and she suddenly realised that the implications of that. There would be sperm in those testes, potent baby-making sperm that could make her pregnant. Her fallow spell of male companions had made her blasé about her birth control routine. She honestly couldn't remember how close she was to her last or next period. She knew that she had skipped at least three or four of this month's pills. 

Steve's next thrust pushed those thoughts from Diana's mind as wave after wave of stimulation crashed over her, drowning her in pleasure. She didn't think that she could cum again so soon but the way that her body was reacting was going a long way to proving her wrong. Thrust after thrust was driving her crazy. The variation of Steve's conquest of what little resistance she had, the depth, the angle, the speed, the grind of his pelvis into her pubis. All of the moves that Steve made only heighted her desire and shoved her closer and closer to her next orgasm. 

"OH MY FUCKING GOD!! NOT AGAIN! OH FUCK! OH GOD!! YES, THERE, THERE, LICK MY CLIT!! STICK YOUR THUMB DEEPER UP MY ARSE!! LICK ME HARDER. OH GOD, I'M CLOSE. DONT STOP! DON'T YOU FUCKING STOP NOW!! OH GOD!! YEEEEEEEEEEEESSSS" 

And with a piercing scream, Diana stiffened as every sinew in her body grew taut enough to snap. Her toes curled, her hands gripped the bed covers and she threw her head back. 

Steve stood and looked at his dishevelled damsel in distress on the bed. He was still painfully erect but otherwise his stamina was holding and he knew his body well enough to know that he was not yet dangerously close to his own climax. 

Diana's misty eyes blinked a few times and tried to focus on her knight in shining armour at the foot of the bed. She tried to will her limbs and lungs to return to some semblance of her own control. 

Steve turned to the mini bar and pulled bottles of water from inside. He handed one to Diana, "Here, it looks like you need re-hydrating." Diana was still gasping but she gratefully took the bottle, spun the lid off and took three big gulps. She smiled at Steve's quip and returned the same mocking look she saw on his face before poking her tongue out at him. 

"Now that's just rude. And I was being nice and everything. And I was going to be more nice to you again. But now I'm not so sure." And with that, Steve sat in the chair in the corner. His knees apart, feet firmly planted as he un-capped his own water bottle and drank deep before taking his erection into his own hands. Not exactly stroking, more like fondling. Letting his hand dance over its length, his fingers to play at his balls underneath. 

"More nice. To me?" Diana started to come around and sit up on the bed. For reasons that she couldn't understand, she felt completely at ease with this guy that she had only met a few hours before. She knew that she was naked. She knew that her sex was swollen and distended and wantonly on display. And yet, none of this mattered. It felt completely natural. 

And in the manner of everything being natural, Diana found some strength to stand and walk across to the bathroom. She ran some cold water and freshened up her face and bathed her arms. Diana shook out her legs to get the circulation back and when she walked back into the room, Steve was sat on the bed, with his back against the headboard and his head against the wall. 

"You wanna play nice now?" he said and watched her walk across to the bed, "stand up here and let me get reacquainted with the little treat between your legs." 

With no further bidding, Diana hopped on to the bed, walked towards Steve until her feet were either side of his hips. Steve gripped her buttocks and pulled her close, inhaling the scent of a woman, in this case, this woman's arousal. Diana pressed herself to the cooling smoked glass that was fitted above the bed. The coldness of which clutched at her breasts, causing Diana's nipples to harden again. 

When they were both settled into position, Steve resumed his attentions to Diana's pussy. Once more kissing, licking, sucking, nibbling, probing, fingering, rubbing and caressing Diana's increasingly swollen and moistening labia and clitoris. Steve repeated the moves that her o so recently been so effective by combining his thumb and forefinger but this time, with his forefinger in her butt and his thumb pinching down from within. 

This time was no less effective and in no time at all, Diana's orgasm was stalking her again. It moved slowly but purposely up from her feet, along the back of her calves, up the inside of her thighs, toying with her as it circled her pleasure points, moving up to her stomach, that rippled in anticipation of what was to come and along to her breasts. The heat from which was such that the glass formed rings of body prints around her. 

Once the promise of release reached Diana's neck it circled her throat and made her catch her breath, rasping as she drew hoarse with panting desire. With a gasp of realisation that ecstasy was within reach, Diana climaxed again, as loudly and comprehensively as before. Her legs gave out and she collapsed in Steve's lap, her groin merging with his, sandwiching his cock between them. 

"Oh God. That was intense. That was so... Wow! That was... Thank you. Oh God. Thank you, thank you. I need to... I need... I need to lie down." And with that, Diana rolled over to the side and lay next to Steve. Her breath in his lap did nothing to dampen his ardour which had remained proudly to attention, expectantly awaiting attention. A fact not lost on Diana as she admired its proportions and vigour. 

"Awww, poor you. I've had soooo much fun and this little piggy had none." Diana's fingernails scratched up and down Steve's thighs and her tongue followed, tracing where her nails had been. "And there was me thinking that you were the piggy that had gone 'WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE', all the way home. Or at least, it might have been 'WEEEE', hard to tell. You gonna remind me how you squeal, little piggy?" 

Diana nodded and once more stood with her feet either side of Steve's hips, this time facing away from him and then took a few more steps before kneeling down. Diana crouched above Steve's dick and reached behind her to guide it between her legs.  

It was Steve's turn to gasp as Diana sank deep and full upon him, impaled completely and then with more control than he expected, Steve watched Diana flex and un-flex her thighs so that her knees pushed her up and down. 

The view of Diana's rounded posterior inflamed Steve's desire and he felt fuller and more aroused. His hands caressed Diana's butt cheeks and his fingers pulled at them, opening her wider so that she could sit deeper upon him. 

Diana rose and fell excruciatingly slowly almost unsheathing him completely on the up stroke until just the tip remained inside her. Each time Diana came to the top of each stroke, she dropped back down to spear herself back onto Steve's shaft again. In reaction, Steve's busy hands continued to stroke and caress Diana's rear and then his thumb strayed to her butt hole again, pressing and probing at its puckered secrets. 

"Yes, stick your thumb up my ass. Please. I'm ready for it now. You made me so horny. Stick your thumb up my ass and if you get me wet enough, you can fuck it. You want that? You wanna fuck my ass Steve? Do you?" 

Steve answered with silence and with actions. He leaned up and bit her shoulder, not so deep as to break the skin, but enough to make Diana gasp. At the same time he gripped her breast and pulled her nipple. The combination of which caused Diana's mouth to fall open and Steve slipped his thumb between her lips so that she could suck and make it wetter. Once achieved, Steve quickly withdrew and returned the slick digit to the cleft of Diana's cheeks, running it down to her crinkled rosebud, this time pushing more assertively and less hesitantly than the last time. 

Diana groaned her pleasure loudly. "Oh YES!! Stick it up my ass. Make it wet then fuck me. I want it and I want it NOW!!" with that Diana lifted herself higher. Steve's cock was revealed and released, slapping itself on his lap as it did so. Diana stayed poised above it, reaching back behind her to grasp its base. Steve's thumb kept Diana's anus from shrinking shut as Diana pressed his mushroom tip to her now slick aperture. 

Steve held still as Diana pushed back, Steve's flesh muscle bent at Diana's reluctant entrance. They worked in unison to achieve the correct angle, pressure and direction and were rewarded with a fleshy 'pop' as the head of Steve's erection gained admission past her sphincter. Steve withdrew his thumb. 

Once lodged in her depths, the rest of his penis followed, accommodating itself in her rear. The act was one that Diana did not commit very often and so the feelings were unfamiliar but not unwelcomed. Because Diana was on top, she had better control over the depth and speed of their intercourse. She still couldn't bring herself to call it love making. 

Amongst the many things that Steve and Diana had not discussed during their brief time together was Diana's fitness regimen. She was still comfortably in her twenties, with a couple of serious relationships behind her and a lot of partying so she owed it to herself to keep in shape. A swim every weekend and two or three gym sessions each week plus a daily yoga workout meant that Diana was fit. To use the phrase that she often heard, Diana was fit as fuck. 

Not only was this good for her health but it meant that Diana was exceptionally flexible. She could do things with her legs that would make a stripper blush. In fact one of Diana's previous girlfriends had tried to talk her into stripping, or at the very least pole dancing. 

The latter she had been tempted by. Diana had read how many women these days took pole dancing lessons to keep fit. That side of things appealed to her. Diana could use her strength, flexibility, rhythm and fitness in a slightly debauched way, without being completely reckless. 

The word reckless suddenly rebounded in Diana's head as she was perched humping a complete stranger's cock up her backside. Her knees were doing all the up and down actions, crouched over Steve and now she was laying back, her shoulders almost touching Steve's chest. This caused Diana's blonde hair to fall back upon Steve's face and shoulders. Steve reached around Diana's chest and placed his palms below her bust. The feeling of Diana's taut back passage around his penis was starting to have an effect. It was like being stroked by a really strong hand inside a glove, a really soft and really moist and really luxurious glove. He breathed harder and was starting to gasp and groan and Diana bounced herself to her next climax. 

As Diana felt her nipples being teased and pulled, she knew that the moment of her next orgasm was close at hand. Or rather, was close at arse. Her arse. Her arse that was filled with cock. Her arse that was filled with Steve's cock. 

"YES!! That's it. Fuck me. Fuck my bum. Push your cock up my bum and make me cum again. PLEEEEASE!! I want it and I want it NOW!!" The pace of Diana's gyrations was picking up to fever pitch and now that she had established a cadence to her thrusts, she could use one hand to stroke her pussy. Diana's fingers teased her labia and twitched at her clitoris. 
