 I had been seeing this student for a couple months, and it was always a challenge to keep my mind on my job when around her. A gorgeous person she was, and I always felt she was trying to get me to look at something when I was around. Anyway, I arrived at her place and took a moment to take in the wonderful view she had from her porch. She lived in a large house with her family, and they were near the top of a hill with a magnificent view of the area below. And the weather was absolutely perfect for this day. Clear skies, warm temperature, you could actually get away with wearing shorts in weather like this, highly unusual for this locale. 

So I stood there for a moment taking in the breathtaking scenery while I waited at the door. I didn't have to wait long, however, before this stunning beauty of a student of mine answered causing me to nearly choke. There she stood, wearing only a short jean skirt and a button shirt tied high above the navel, her long blonde hair cascading down over her shoulders. She stood there for a moment while I could do nothing but oggle, then invited me in where she led me downstairs to the basement where we usually had our lessons. I noticed it was awfully quiet and asked about it. She mentioned something about her parents taking off for the day to enjoy the weather, or something. Honestly, I didn't have my mind where it usually was. All I could do was stare at that tight little behind as it sauntered down the stairs. And when she turned around to look at me with something of an evil glint in her eye, I could tell she didn't have a bra on, either, by the way her tits bounced around. God, it wasn't just hot outside. 

When we got to the room, I started setting up when she asked if we could do something else today. Not sure what she had in mind, I turned around to ask, but the glint in her eye suggested something only in my wildest dreams. She mentioned wanting to get to know me better, so I sat down on the couch. She asked if I had a girlfriend, and of course I had been single for ages, so I said no. Then she sauntered close to stand in front of me and asked if I had ever had sex with someone. I couldn't believe this! 

I started to tell her this wasn't appropriate but was cut off as she straddled my legs to sit down in my lap. Suddenly I couldn't think straight anymore and my comment died in my throat. Her skirt rode up her thighs to expose a glimpse of her cotton panties underneath. That's when she took my chin in her hand, lifted it, and kissed me firmly on the lips. Here was someone sitting in my lap, who I would jack off to at home once in a while, kissing me and asking me about sex. What was I to do? I knew I was nearly gone and as I grew stiffer in my pants, she started grinding her crotch into mine. I knew then resistance was futile and I returned her kiss. I wrapped my arms around her, holding her tight and surrendered to her passion. 

I started kissing down her neck and into the V of her shirt when she pushed back and started untying her shirt. She undid the two buttons and I helped her slide it down her shoulders where she let it fall to the ground. I was right. No bra. Her breasts were perfect. There was no other word for them. Rounded and firm, with nipples calling out to me as my tongue tasted, and then ravished. She moaned in delight and held my head to her chest, her fingers weaving themselves into my hair. Then she was pulling at my shirt, tearing it over my head, then running fingers down my back. My hands felt their way down hers and under the hem of her skirt. 

She then stood up, taking me with her, and while she played with my zipper, I slid her skirt down her hips where they fell to the ground, followed soon thereafter by my own pants. Peeling her panties off, I soon found myself standing before her wearing exactly what she wore: nothing. Standing and staring in awe at each other, she gingerly reached out and took my dick in her hands, cradling and fondling while I reached out and took the bulge of her pussy in mine. I drew her close and kissed her while my fingers explored this secret treasure. My other hand worked its way up to cup the back of her head while her other hand went around to grab my ass. Moans escaped between both our lips as we kissed and explored. Her legs spread slightly giving my fingers more access, and then I noticed my dick touching more than just fingers. She was pulling me closer and closer to her heat, nearly begging to feel my bulge inside her. How could I refuse? 

She guided me into her hot waiting cunt. Her tightness surrounded me as she gripped me and I began thrusting deeper. My hands held onto her ass as I thrust over and over. But there was a certain stability missing that I could feel. I pulled out (to whimpers of disapproval) and turned her against the wall. Grabbing her ass cheeks in each hand, I spread them to guide my dick back into her from behind. She let out a little scream of pleasure as I began my thrusts anew. I could tell she was getting close as I picked up speed. It was all I could do to keep from cumming right then as I watched my dick disappear repeatedly between her ass cheeks, my pelvis slamming into her and sending ripples up her body. I couldn't wait any longer. I released and felt her convulse as we slowly collapsed on the ground. Now limp and spent, I pulled out and rested next to her body, covered in a fine layer of sweat as mine was. All I could think was this was the best damn lesson I had ever given.

-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-

I would really love critiques and feedback. 'Nuff said. :)