 (Thanks very much to editors BlueEyed5ftAngel and SlickNick2412.)

*

Eric waited outside the house in the vast darkness. He pressed the doorbell again, eager to join the gathering inside. He hadn't seen most of his old high school friends for over a year, and felt eager to reconnect with them.

The door swung open, and Jimmy appeared sipping a beer. He remained expressionless as Eric pushed past, entering the hallway, swinging the door shut behind him.

"Shit, man," Jimmy greeted him, wiping stray brew from his face. "What's up?"

"Nothin'," Eric shrugged, a half-hearted attempt at cheeriness displayed on his lips.

"Shit, man," Jimmy repeated, slower this time. "You're not still depressed, are you? Damn it, man, it's been six freakin' months."

"Hey, hey," Eric put a hand up to defend himself, forcing a more authentic-looking smile. "I know. I'm cool, alright? Just get me somethin' to drink."

"Eric!" a voice called out from the living room.

"Nick, you drunk," Eric chuckled as Nick approached him.

Nick leaned in close, his breath reeking of beer.

"Eric, dude, what's goin' on?"

"You smell like shit," Eric winced, stepping back.

"Whoa," Nick raised his arms in protest. "Take it easy, man. I'm just havin' a good time. No need to come in here and kill my buzz just because Tess dumped you."

"Hey," Jimmy slapped Nick's shoulder. "You don't have to bring that up. He's right, anyway. You do smell like total shit."

"It's cool," Eric forced a wide grin. "Like I said, I'm over it. And she didn't dump me. It was mutual."

"It's too bad," Nick slurred as he leaned against the wall for support. "Tess was a great girl. Probably great in bed too."

"I won't deny that," Eric nodded ruefully.

Nick sighed, lowering his voice, "I had some totally awesome sex last night."

"We don't want to hear about your damn sex life," Jimmy shook his head.

"Agreed," Eric chimed in. "Nick, where is your girl anyway?"

"Coming," a voice called from the living room.

Eric recognized it instantly as Jenny's, although a year had passed since their last meeting. They had kept in close contact through computers and phones, as they always had, but Eric felt a jolt in his chest as Jenny's beauty caught him off guard. Her dark hair flowed fluidly around her striking features that seemed caught between teenager and woman, with the best aspects of both. Her long-sleeved t-shirt highlighted her womanly figure while still maintaining an air of adolescent innocence. Eric knew she was far from innocent, yet the perpetual sparkle in her eyes suggested purity. Simultaneously, their depth conveyed a confidence honed over years of experience. She was the Jenny he remembered.

Jenny herself couldn't help but grin slightly at the sight of her old friend. His boyish features were somewhat matured by the fact that he hadn't shaved recently. His normally shaggy hair was a bit shorter and neater, but still uncombed. His eyes perpetually spoke of the heartbreak he had undergone six months ago, but his broad shoulders, held high by his erect posture, gave the impression of a man picking himself up and moving on. She also noticed hints of recent muscular definition beneath his somewhat tight t-shirt. He looked as sweet as ever, but with a slightly rougher edge.

"Hey, Jenny." Eric engaged in a customary cursory hug with her.

"You look good," Jenny said with undertones of sympathy.

"Likewise," Eric nodded coolly, gazing around the condo approvingly. "Nice place you have here."

"Thanks," Jenny nodded.

"You're the only one out of our group actually doing something with your life after college," Eric observed. "And with an art history degree, no less. Amazing, really."

"Hey, hey, hey," Nick sputtered. "Lay off my girl."

"Shut up," Jenny sighed, hugging her boyfriend tightly. "Eric was complimenting me."

Nick draped his arm around her shoulder, kissing her forehead.

"She's all yours," Eric assured him.

"That's right," Nick slurred. "And I'm gonna fuck her like crazy tonight."

"Not smelling like that, you're not," Jenny pulled away with a disgusted expression as she caught a whiff of Nick's breath.

"Ooohhh," Jimmy laughed.

"Come on lover boy," Jenny rolled her eyes, taking Nick's hand, leading him toward the kitchen. "I'll get you some mints, and you can help me make dinner."

As Jenny and Nick walked away, Eric and Jimmy drifted into the living room. Jimmy's girlfriend Amy was sitting on a couch, intently focused on her cell phone. Eric couldn't help but notice how the phone's screen lit her face at a perfect angle to accentuate her elegant features. Her long golden hair seemed to fall like a gentle mist around her cheeks. Her low-cut shirt showcased her sizeable cleavage in an eye-catching yet classy manner. He had always thought Amy was too pretty for a regular guy like Jimmy.

"Hey, Eric," Amy smiled briefly, looking up from her phone.

"Hey." Eric lowered himself onto an armchair next to the couch as Jimmy took up his position next to his girlfriend.

"I heard about Tess," Amy blurted out, resting the phone in her lap.

"Old news," Eric shrugged.

"You two were so great," Amy sighed, her wide blue eyes boring into his soul. "What happened?"

"Remember when I went to Spain last semester, to study abroad?"

"Of course," Amy replied.

"It was amazing there. The people, the lifestyle, the food, even the air smelled better. I never wanted to leave. I talked to Tess on the phone every day, but I guess it wasn't enough. When I came back, we had grown so far apart. We just couldn't get along as a couple anymore. My heart belonged to Spain."

Jimmy spoke in a mockingly saccharine voice. "There was only room in his heart for one true love."

"Shut up," Amy scowled. "Eric's being serious."

"It's ok," Eric chuckled. "I'm alright. I think she was more upset than I was."

"You don't look alright," Amy pierced him with her gaze, and he knew she could see the pain he tried to hide. She had always been able to see through people. She was certainly much too smart for a guy like Jimmy.

"I'll be fine," Eric unconvincingly assured her. "I just miss Spain. It sounds awful, but I miss that place more than I miss Tess."

-----

In the kitchen, Jenny struggled to prepare dinner with her drunken boyfriend hovering over her. She silently cursed Nick for his increasing tendency toward intoxication. She couldn't remember the last time he'd been sober during sex.

"What else do you need?" Nick slurred.

"Why don't you chop these onions?" Jenny sighed as she brushed her bangs from her face.

"Ok," Nick picked up a knife and positioned it over a red onion.

He began chopping as Jenny stirred the contents of one pot and lowered the heat under another. She closed her eyes and let the aromas of the various foods drift through her mind. She wanted to prepare a perfect, civilized meal for her friends. They hadn't all gathered together for over a year, and she wanted to show off her recently acquired culinary skills. She especially hoped Eric would enjoy her cooking. Since going to Spain, he spoke of gustatory delights like most guys talked about sex. Almost every phone call or email exchange centered on food in one way or another. Jenny hoped his refined sensibilities would be satisfied by her efforts.

"Is this ok?" Nick blinked at her like a child asking for parental approval.

"Smaller," Jenny replied, inspecting his chopped onion.

-----

"It's funny, isn't it?" Jimmy mused. "Nick and Jenny getting together?"

"It's not that weird," Eric countered. "He always had the hots for her in high school."

"So did you," Jimmy retorted playfully.

"I never knew that," Amy raised her eyebrows at Eric.

"It was a long time ago," Eric waved his hand dismissively.

"Seriously," Jimmy spoke softly. "If Nick hadn't gotten to her first, would you have tried?"

"No," Eric laughed. "We've been friends all our lives. I don't want to ruin that."

-----

"I think I cut myself," Nick laughed.

"Jesus, Nick," Jenny grabbed the knife from him. Smears of blood adorned several chunks of onion. "I need these onions." She put a hand to her forehead, trying not to explode with exasperation. "Go get a Band-Aid."

"I don't need a fuckin' Band-Aid," Nick growled. "It's just a little cut."

"Why don't you go hang out with the others?"

"I wanna stay and help you." Nick rubbed her shoulder with his intact hand. Jenny sighed and scowled at him.

"You know what would help? Go to the liquor store, and get more wine. We only have one bottle."

"Anything for you, baby." Nick stumbled out of the kitchen. "Wine run! Who's sober enough to drive?"

"Everyone but you," Jenny muttered.

-----

"I have a car, and I haven't had any drinks," Amy announced.

"I guess that means I'm going too," Jimmy heaved himself off the couch.

"I gotta show you what wine to get," Nick explained.

"You coming, Eric?" Amy asked.

"I'll stay," Eric raised his eyes to Nick as if to indicate he would rather not take a car ride with a drunk. The corner of Amy's mouth curled into a hint of a smile, as if she knew something Eric didn't.

The trio left to get wine, and Eric headed for the kitchen to see if Jenny needed help with dinner. He found her walking between the stove and counter, purposefully adding ingredients and stirring mixtures.

"Need any help?" Eric asked, startling her.

"Jesus, Eric," Jenny gasped, then smiled with a hint of rose in her cheeks. "Don't sneak up on me like that."

"My apologies," Eric grinned. "I just wanted to see if I could help."

"I'm almost done. Nick was helping, but I just couldn't deal with his childishness anymore."

"Are things okay between you two?"

"Maybe," Jenny shrugged as she turned off a burner. "Maybe not."

"I'm sorry," Eric nodded solemnly. "Is there anything at all I can help you with?"

Jenny turned around and stared directly into his eyes. She gazed at her friend, always the gentleman, always mature beyond his age, always there for her. Her anger at Nick, combined with Eric's calming presence, made something snap in her mind, and she walked swiftly toward him.

"Actually, there is one thing you can do," Jenny confessed.

She stood inches away from him, their eyes locked, and her heart quickened. Before Eric could react, she kissed him. Her lips were swift but gentle, forceful but tender. Eric's body froze, except for his lips. They instinctively pressed into hers. Jenny's anger and tension vanished as a wave of warmth swept through her.

Jenny's tongue caressed his lips, persuading him to open his mouth and allow her sweet organ inside. Distant alarm bells in Eric's mind were drowned out by the delectable taste of her mouth. Warm blood coursed into his cock, partially hardening it. Soft feminine hands crept up his back as Jenny gave way to his sweet, affectionate kiss, surprised at the strength of his effect on her. As their tongues danced gracefully, she felt a rising excitement between her legs.

So much time had passed since her boyfriend had been able to arouse her with just a kiss!

After some incalculable amount of time, Jenny's lips withdrew. She smiled sweetly at Eric, who thought she looked more beautiful in that instant than in any other.

"I thought so," Jenny sighed, her eyes like vast reservoirs of unspoken passion. "I should have been with you all along."

Eric blinked rapidly as he tried to recover. Desire permeated his body while his mind searched for comprehension.

"What... what?" He stammered.

Jenny watched him silently before explaining. The bewildered expression on his face and the slight bulge in his pants embodied the combination of boyish and manly qualities that attracted her so strongly to him.

"You wanted to kiss me years ago," Jenny replied. "I should've let you. I've been thinking about you a lot lately, since I got together with Nick. Being with him reminded me of all the good times our group of friends used to have."

"What does that have to do with me?"

"I realized it was you that made all those times great. You were always the sweetest, the kindest, the perfect gentleman and confidant. I should've given us a chance as a couple, like you always wanted. If you had been around a few months ago, instead of Nick..."

"Jenny, I'm flattered, but..."

"And now look at you," Jenny continued as she drifted back to the stove to turn off another burner. "You're a real man, and a sexy one too. And you haven't lost any of your charm."

"Likewise," Eric fumbled. "I mean, except about being a man. Although, you are rather sexy. You always were. And you were always great in every way. But I never knew you thought of me that way. I thought you just wanted to be friends, and I'm fine with that."

Jenny faced him again, endearingly sweeping strands of hair from her face. "The best lovers are always best friends first."

"Lovers?" Eric's eyes widened. "I know you might be mad at Nick right now, but you're still with him. And even if you weren't, I'm not sure I would want to risk losing our friendship. I made peace with my feelings for you a long time ago."

"I beg to differ," Jenny grinned slyly, glancing at his crotch, where his semi-hard cock bulged against the fabric.

"Oh, come on," Eric's face flushed and his eyes fell in embarrassment.

Jenny laughed melodically as she walked over to him again. Before he could look up, a jolt surged through his body. His eyes registered her hand on his cock, but his baffled brain could barely comprehend the sight.

"We should have been lovers all along," Jenny whispered softly, leaning close enough to feel Eric's excited breath on her lips.

"We can't do this," Eric gasped as her fingers ran along his growing bulge.

"Yes we can," Jenny whispered.

To enforce her argument, her hand pushed teasingly against his swollen member.

How long it had been since Nick had gotten hard enough to satisfy her! His incessant drinking softened him until he could barely maintain an erection. Not like Eric, who had sprung to attention at the touch of her lips. She smiled to herself, recalling all the times she'd caught Eric gazing yearningly at her through the years.

Eric's mind reeled at the closeness of her long-admired body as she undid his pants. His lips gravitated to hers, swept up in the excitement of the moment. Her kiss exceeded all the expectations he'd built up over the years. What a fool he had been, thinking he was over his feelings for Jenny. He had dreamt of this moment so long, and now as she released his hard cock from the confines of his boxers, he couldn't deny his intense desire for her.

Eric's cock stood straight out, bobbing up and down with excitement. Jenny's sweet tongue caressed his as she ran her soft hand along his shaft, feeling every detail. So long, and wide too! Her groin quivered as she imagined his gorgeous manhood buried inside her.

Eric's strong arms trembled with anticipation as he encircled her shapely back. Her slow, steady pumping of his stiff cock elicited groans from his lips as they pressed desperately into hers. He pulsated eagerly in her hand, exhilaration overtaking his body.

"Jenny," Eric gasped. "I..."

He struggled to explain himself as her slender fingers wrapped tightly around him. Her mesmerizing eyes fixed on his as an adorable smile crept over her lips.

"I'm gonna cum," He admitted.

"Not yet," Jenny giggled sweetly. She released his bulging cock and led him to a kitchen chair, grinning with satisfaction at how excited she'd made him. Her fingertips pushed against his chest, directing him to sit, her chin held high as she gazed down at his firm erection approvingly.

"They could be back any second," Eric cautioned as he watched Jenny undo her belt.

"I need this," Jenny growled urgently, tilting her face downward in an authoritative glare as she dropped her jeans and panties with one swift motion. The bang of her belt buckle hitting the floor reverberated in Eric's ears as his cock throbbed at the sight of her smooth, pink womanhood. No sooner did he look up at her enchanting face than her legs draped over his lap.

Eric felt the warmth of her hole hovering over his cock as she grabbed hold of his shoulders. She bit her lower lip and breathed heavily as she lowered herself onto his massive rod. Her eyes squinted and mouth opened to release a groan of pleasure as her pussy slid over his throbbing head. Eric's eyes widened and his hands clenched her back. Cum rose in his cock, ready to burst.

Jenny wasted no time in shoving herself down over Eric's huge cock, eliciting shrieks of delight from both of them. She barely had time to feel the joy of his erection filling her completely before his load erupted deep inside her. Shockwaves of pleasure shook Eric's body. Jenny contracted her muscles around his manhood, riding him slowly to aid his orgasm. Moans of satisfaction escaped her lips as his warm juice coated her cervix.

"Oh, Jenny," Eric sighed as he released the last of his cum in her hot, slippery pussy.

Jenny grinned at him, pleased with how much genuine pleasure he had displayed. His eyes sparkled with wonder, making her giddy with excitement. She hadn't felt this kind of deep connection with Nick for months, if ever. Sweet moans of bliss floated from her smiling lips as she glided over his still hard cock. Fingers ran through her silky hair as the tip of his manhood pushed into her g-spot.

Her moans quickly rose in volume as her wet hole tightened around his dick. So thick, so deep, so satisfying was his member that she felt her climax approaching. Eric's manly chest pressed against her erect nipples as he plunged himself into her in rhythm with her motions. With each forceful thrust of his cock against her g-spot, Jenny expelled a gasp of delight.

Jenny's burning need to orgasm guided her hand to her clitoris. Each swift motion of her slender fingers over her love button sent a jolt of erotic joy through her body. Eric stared at her beautiful face with its furrowed brows and open mouth. His constant pounding of her soaked pussy and the sensations rippling from her clit brought her to the brink of her peak.

With a single perfect thrust of his stiff cock, Eric sent Jenny over the edge. Her head jerked back, her body convulsed, and a scream resonated through the room as Eric watched in awe, her shuddering vagina clinging to his pulsing manhood. Waves of intense bliss ripped through her as she came. The incredible sights, sounds, and sensations of Jenny's orgasm drove Eric's cock deeper and harder into her, ready to fill her with another load.

"Eric," She breathed as she came to rest on his throbbing dick. "That was... incredible." A smile of contentment stole over her pretty face. Eric's own lips echoed the sentiment while his eyes betrayed desperation.

"I wanna cum again," Eric whispered. 

Jenny wordlessly unsheathed Eric's throbbing dick from inside her and dropped to her knees. The absence of her pussy around him let Eric's fears of being caught resurface. But before he could speak, Jenny's lips slid over his sensitive head and along the length of his cock. He cried out as she sucked gingerly on him, immersing him in the sweet succulence of her mouth. Fear turned to desperate anticipation as she looked up at him with big, beautiful, seductive eyes. 

Eric's half-closed eyes stared back at her as she bathed his dick with her warm saliva. She expertly ran her tongue along his shaft, tasting her own sweet juices. Soft moans caressed his dick as it filled her mouth and pushed against her throat. The vibrations of her vocal chords against his throbbing head caused Eric to grip the chair tightly. The stroking of her tongue along his dick pulled his cum along his shaft, and her insistent sucking begged him to release it.

An explosion of semen drenched Jenny's warm mouth as Eric's shouts of joy resounded in her ears. Surprised at the size of his load, she let his cock slip from her lips, stroking it hard and fast with her spit and his cum as lubricant. His body shook as he continued jetting over her nose and cheek.
