 It is funny how most times in life you don't see the life changing moment when it happens, that those times are often subtle and hidden from you until in hindsight you see how the decision you made at a given moment altered the entire trajectory of your journey. Yet other times you can see the fork in the road clearly or maybe, in my case, the better metaphor would be that I saw the on rushing semi-truck that was going to derail my course coming even if I didn't originally recognize it for what it was at the time. My semi-truck was named Mary Hall and her arrival in my cubicle at the software company where I worked touched off a chain of events that I am still coming to terms with today. 

It had been a typically boring Monday up to the point my boss brought the new recruit to meet me, the team lead, I remember having my back to them when they came in and when I turned being completely struck dumb by the sight of what was likely at that time the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. It was around the time that the T.V. show "Friends" had reached the height of its popularity and Mary would have fit right in with the cast because she looked like nothing more than a clone of a very young Jennifer Aniston only even prettier with swarthy tan skin and the perfect "Rachel" haircut made popular by the show. She also topped Jennifer A. by having a much larger chest whose tan wonderfulness I could just make out through the low cut neckline of her dress. 

"Rick, this is Mary Hall, she is going to be joining our group and your team in particular so I thought you could show her around," said my boss.

I think a full ten uncomfortable seconds passed before I could get my brain to re-engage and I could actually speak and introduce myself.

"Hey...ah...Mary, it's nice to meet you" I said reaching for her hand, her flesh was warm and silky soft and I could only imagine what the rest of her would feel like. In my pants, my cock began to stir and I had worried that a definite bulge was going to form in my crotch area; I tried to distract myself by launching into a speech about the workings of our team and that helped a little. After regaining some control of my faculties, I took her on a tour of the department and introduced her around, trust me when I say she spun heads wherever we went and more than a few other men on the floor salivated over her before the tour was done. On my way home that night I berated myself a bit for all the fuss, I mean why I cared was a mystery to me. I was engaged to be married in ten months to a cute brunette from a local advertising company so I certainly wasn't in the market and plus Mary had shown no real interest in me being coolly professional all day.

In the coming months Mary's demeanor never changed, not just around me, but also around the company in general. She certainly drew plenty of interest from the single young men out on the floor and at times I found myself growing a bit jealous when men would come around our area to flirt with her and ask for dates, but she turned down every overture and seemed interested only in pursuing her career. That was not to say that she was completely aloof, she did join our office soccer team of which I was captain and she would show an occasional smile at practice and even laughed a few times when we would go for beers as a team afterward. I must admit that after our first practice the sight of Mary's tan, athletic body in a tight pair of shorts and a tube top had sent me straight to the bathroom that night to jerk a load of cum from my ball's while picturing her sweet body running around that field. To make matters worse I came within a hairs breath of screaming "Mary!!" one night when I came while making love to my fiancé, imagine how that would have gone over. I did try at times to flirt with her a bit, in a mostly joking way, I could not help myself I was very attracted to her even though I knew nothing was going to come of it and she never really reciprocated so I figured it was mostly just harmless office hijinks. 

Everything changed at the semi-annual office team building party. I admit I had more to drink than I usually did that night and I was buzzing something fierce around mid-night when I stepped outside from the bar to get some air. Out in the parking lot I recognized Mary along with about half a dozen other members of our department laughing and milling in a circle. Mary came running over and it was obvious that she was buzzing at least as hard if not harder than me, she was talking faster and louder than I had ever seen her before.

"Hey, Hey boss man...you have to get in on this...we are going over to the office and re-live our childhood...total game of hide and seek...in the dark!" she said waving her hands in the air rather manically.

I laughed and thought, and I am sure this was the alcohol, that it sounded like an awesome idea and the next thing I know the eight of us are back at the office on our floor, which in the dark was a seemingly endless maze of cubicles, and high wall offices. After a bit of bickering over who was going to be "It" we finally settled on our office lead tech, Steve, and as he counted down we scattered like a startled flock of birds running in ever which direction. I original dove into a cubicle but after a few minutes I decided I was to exposed and with Steve's footsteps moving in my direction I made a quick getaway toward a row of high wall offices. I tried three in a row finding them all locked until I got to the last one and was grateful when the door opened. I slipped inside just a head of the sounds of movement from down the hall and looking to improve my hiding situation I went to slip under a worktable against the wall only to crash right into Mary who had chosen the same place. With a lot of giggling from Mary, we managed to untangle ourselves and sat back up with Mary pressing a finger to my lips in an admonishment to keep quiet. We waited in the semi-darkness staring at each other as Steve's footsteps came our way and then receded allowing our panic to slip away.

"I think were safe," I whispered.

"Yeah" said Mary and in the tight confines I could just catch the hint of Jack Daniels on her breath as we sat close together.

I was just about to suggest that we split up and find new hiding places when the unexpected happened, Mary, who had been looking into my face for the past several minutes suddenly reached up and placed one warm soft hand on my right cheek and to my utter amazement leaned forward to kiss my lips with hers. I am not sure I even reacted at first, between the alcohol and the shock I was too stunned to do anything, this girl who everyone on the floor wanted and who had never shown any interest in me before this moment was now kissing me in the dark under a desk! I have to say I recovered quickly and slid one arm around her waist pulling her body toward mine as I began to kiss her back in earnest. Her lips were exactly as I imagined, soft as butter, and as we rolled out from under the table with her body coming to rest under mine I felt her take things up a notch as she moved from soft kisses to pressing her tongue into my mouth, which I gladly met with my own. 

For a few long moments we lay in the dark our mouths pressing together again and again and our tongues dancing as we made out like a couple of teenagers on a Saturday night. I simply could not quite believe this was happening and I thought surely any minute we were going to be caught. Just when I thought things couldn't get any crazier Mary stopped kissing me and laid back just looking up at me as I fought to catch my breath, then she made another totally unexpected move, she reached up with her right hand and started to unbutton her blouse, slowly, one button at a time. If I hadn't thought I was going to have a heart attack before I sure as hell did now, every bone in my body wanted this to happen, but at the same time I realized this was wrong and that I was about to cheat on a woman who had never done a single wrong thing to me. I felt my whole body begin to shake with a combination of fear, desire, and shame as Mary reached the bottom of her shirt, the two halves were still together and she was still covered at this point but it would take just the slightest effort to change that, for the first time since the kissing started Mary finally spoke.

"How about it Rick...do you want to be a bad boy..." she whispered and gave me a slow Cheshire smile.

I wanted to be a man of will and strong conviction, but I never in my life to that point had held a woman like Mary in my arms and I felt my willpower melt away like snow in the sun. I reached down and slowly slid the two sides of her shirt open, to my amazement she wasn't wearing a bra and underneath I was greeted by the heart stopping sight of the two most flawlessly beautiful breasts I had ever seen. I also found myself in possession of the answer to a question that had been making the rounds for months in the break room, would Mary Hall have any tan lines, the answer was an emphatic "NO!" her breasts were as tan as the rest of her, a soft cocoa butter brown color with two silver dollar sized sun kissed areola's an even darker shade of brown contrasting the rest of her silky soft skin.

"Oh my God..." I blurted involuntarily.

"What?" asked Mary?

I spoke honestly and without thinking, "You're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen" 

Mary smiled up at me and reached a hand to pull my head, mouth back to hers as she Frenched kissed me deep and long, and I could feel my penis swelling rock hard in my jeans. This time I broke the kiss to run my tongue down her neck and across her chest to engulf one of those perfect tits, her skin was silky smooth in my mouth and her nipples were firm as I ran my tongue across them and her bumpy areola's. Mary began to moan softly as I licked and sucked her hot fun bags and squeezed her sweet melons in my hands loving every minute.

"Rick...do you want me?" she whispered.

"Yes" I answered my voice shaking.

Mary sat up lightly kissing me again as my head came off her chest, she continued forward until I was pushed over on my back and she was on top, she quietly shed her shirt so that she was completely naked from the waist up her magnificent tits pointing out away from her so firm they defied gravity. She lifted my shirt off over my head and began to kiss her way down my chest until she reached my stomach were she ran her tongue down across my belly button making me squirm slightly as I was a bit ticklish. When she reached my pants, she unbuckled my belt and unbuttoned my fly before pulling them down as I lifted my hips to aid her. I watched breathless as she took my underwear down exposing my thick seven inch penis to the cool office air, I was so excited at this point that my prick fairly exploded from my pants standing almost vertical it was so hard. Mary smiled up at me before taking my turgid pole in her hand sending a chill through my body as she began to stroke my rigid flesh with her warm smooth palm, I was in absolute heaven as the most beautiful woman ever to grace the hallways of our company began to stroke and rub my naked cock. 

"You have a nice fat cock Rick..." Mary commented. "I think I want to suck it...if that's ok?"

"Oh...ah...Mary...yes...please suck my cock..." I whispered desperately.

I watched in quiet fascination a scene I never in a million years thought would play out as Mary Hall bent down and took my rock hard penis into her mouth. I shuddered from head to toe at the feel of her warm mouth engulfing the fat purple head of my love pole but she didn't stop there as her head continued to descend until she had deep throated my entire tool her nose almost touching my curly black pubic hairs. What followed was the single hottest blowjob I had ever received in my life; Mary should have won an Oscar for best performance in a sex act for what she did to me. Her head never stopping as she licked and sucked every sweet inch running her tongue up and down and even licking and suckling my hardening ball sack as she stroked my saliva slickened prick. It took every ounce of self-control I had not to cry out as she worked my aching love gun and even harder not to blow my entire load down her throat as she touched me in ways I never imagined, finally I reached the point of no return as I could feel the jizz beginning to boil in my sack.

"OH CHRIST Mary! GOING TO CUM! AH FUCK!" I moaned through gritted teeth.

Mary was far from done with me though; she slowed her movements and finally let my wet hard pole drop from her lips as she smiled over at me. I fought to calm down as Mary sat up just enough to unzip her skirt and then shimmied out of it leaving her clothed only in a black thong, then even that was gone as she hooked two fingers into it and slid it off over her feet leaving her completely naked next to me. First question out of the way, no, she still had no tan lines to speak of, brown as a berry from the top of her head to the tips of her toes. Her pussy was lightly dusted with a small thatch of curly brown hair that was trimmed into a neat rounded triangle around her Venus mound; below she sported a pair of gorgeous thick dark pussy lips that glistened with early morning dew. If I thought I was hard before the sight of Mary's perfect snatch made it even worse, I swear my cock felt like it was going to pop off my body and go flying around the room like a busted balloon. Time seemed to slow down as Mary crawled on top of my naked body positioning her wet pussy so that the shaft of my cock was pinned by the wet lips of her cunt like bread around a hotdog. She placed her hands on my chest and looked into my eyes as she slowly began to slide her ass back and forth rubbing my cock with her wet pussy and driving me nuts at the same time.

"Rick...when was the first time you found yourself wanting me?" she asked softly.

"The first time I saw you...ah...in my...mmmmmm...cubicle...you looked so beautiful...I couldn't talk..." I gasped.

"MMMMmmmmmmmmm I remember...want to know a secret? I wanted you then to...," she confessed as she continued to tease my cock with her wet pussy lips.

"I've tried so hard to be a good girl Rick...I knew you belonged to someone else...but when we were under that table...I couldn't stand to be so close and not know what it was like to be with you..." groaned Mary as her breathing began to come in quick gasps.

"Oh...Mary..." was all I could say, as the urge to fuck was overwhelming, being inside her was all I could think about.

"Last chance Rick...if you don't stop me...I'm going to fuck you..." she whispered.

I couldn't have stopped her if I wanted to, my body was completely possessed and she owned me at the moment, heart and soul, she reached down and took ahold of me and with agonizing slowness eased her tight cunt down to engulf my hard pole. For the first time I couldn't help but let out a low groan at the feel of the hottest, tightest pussy that I had ever come into contact with in my life. Being inside Mary was more amazing than I had ever imagined, and I have a great imagination. It wasn't long before she began to move, grinding her clit against the base of my shaft as she made sweet love to my hard fuck rocket, I lay back and watched as her face contorted into ecstasy and her mouth hung slightly open as she breathed harder and harder.

"OH...Yes! Rick! AH...your cock...so big...so good...FEELS SO GOOD INSIDE ME! Feels so good to fuck you baby!" moaned Mary through clinched teeth.

I reached up to squeeze her beautiful chest mounds as Mary road me into the ground, I knew after all I had been through that night I wouldn't last very long, although the alcohol was helping a little with that, but I could feel the cum already working its way up my shaft. With a groan of lust and need I rolled to my right bringing myself on top but somehow managing to keep my cock firmly inside Mary's sweet snatch the whole time, as I looked down on her bouncing tits I began to fuck her deep and long giving her every pounding inch as she moaned and gasped underneath me.

"YES! AH...YES! TAKE ME Rick! FUCK ME DEEP...GOD SO GOOD!...want to...feel you cum baby!...FILL MY FUCKING PUSSY Rick!" cried out Mary.

She didn't have to wait long to get what she asked for, three strokes later I went off like the Fourth of July my balls exploding sending a torrent of cum out the end of my jerking shaft as I filled Mary's gorgeous love box with my fertile seed.

"OHHHHH GOD Mary...I'M CUMMMMINNNNNNGGGGGGGGG!" I groaned trying not to scream although I sure as hell wanted to.

"Rick!..I FEEL YOU...GOING WITH YOU!...Rickkkkkkkkkk!" answered Mary as I felt her pussy tighten on my pole as her own orgasm ripped through her.

We lay for a few moments after that, both of us fighting to catch our breath before Mary finally moved out from under me and proceeded to quickly dress herself, I followed suit but wondered at how quiet she was being, I felt like one of us should say something but I wasn't sure what. Finally she gave me a nod that she was going to sneak out the door first but as we stood she did briefly pull me to her and kissed me one last time saying.

"Thank you...I...thanks" she said quietly and then slipped out the door. I was not sure what to make of that.

The following months were even stranger as Mary immediately reverted to her old professionalism and made no hint or mention of what happened between us on the floor of that office. I have to say I was a little hurt by her seeming indifference and eventually I gave up trying to talk about it with her and concentrated on my upcoming nuptials. It was just two weeks before the wedding when Mary suddenly appeared in my office and asked to speak with me in private. We found an unused conference room and I shut the door and turned only to find Mary right behind me as she threw her arms around my neck.

"Jesus Mary...what are you doing? You don't hardly speak to me for two months and then you throw yourself at me...I don't get you" I said with no small bit of heat.

"I know...I'm sorry...it was so confusing after...I wasn't sure...I mean we had both been drinking and things were a little crazy and I didn't know if you..." her voice trailed off as she stared.

"If I what? wanted to be with you?...wanted to call off my wedding to see if whatever this is between us is real?...you should have at least given me a chance to make a decision, it's my life to you know and I... "I said as I built up steam for a serious tirade.

"I'm pregnant," said Mary.

That brought me to a halt as I stared slack jawed.

"If you're wondering...I haven't been with anyone else so...it's yours" said Mary and then flopped into a chair holding her head in her hands.

"Please don't be mad at me...I should have told you that night...that I wasn't on the pill and...but I was a bit drunk and we were so...turned on...and I wanted to with you so bad...I..." Mary almost babbled as tears began to flow down her face.

I went to her and bent down taking her hands in mine as I looked into her tear streaked face, frankly I didn't know what I was going to say until I said it and I guess I surprised even myself when the words came out.

"I love you Mary..." I said.

Mary's crying slowed and she starred at me for a long moment, I would like to say by the way that even with her face flush and streaked with tears and her eyes bright red she was still the most beautiful woman in our office by a landslide, and we had a big office. 

"You...love me" she repeated in the soft tone of bewilderment that you hear from children on Christmas morning when they can't quite believe that a saintly old bearded man in a red suit actually did make it down the chimney with gifts. I guess that is what she really needed to hear though because she suddenly leaned forward and kissed me deep and hard, her lips sweet and soft against mine before she pulled back just enough to look into my eyes.
