 MEETING GUILIA

I had business in Rome, Italy in January so I decided to take a week's vacation while I was there and get some in skiing. Living in New York, I often skied in Vermont and sometimes traveled to Colorado. Before heading to Italy, I did some research and decided to ski at Roccaraso in the Abruzzo region of Italy. It was not that far from Rome and an easy trip. I checked into a hotel on Monday and planned to ski on Tuesday through Friday. I would return to Rome on Saturday when the slopes were busier.

The weather could not have been better and on Tuesday I warmed up on the intermediate runs. In the afternoon on Wednesday, I skied some of the advanced runs and had a marvelous day. It would have been more fun to ski with someone I knew but the people I met were friendly and enjoyable. I had some nice conversations on the lifts. Both Tuesday and Wednesday evenings, I dined at the hotel where I was staying. There seemed to be more families there during the week and not many single people, especially women. 

At 25 years of age, I was in excellent shape and an accomplished skier. Back in New York City, I belonged to a fitness club and also took martial arts. I was 6'1" tall and weighed a fit 190 pounds. Not to brag but I was good looking and had no trouble dating in the city. That was also true when I came to Rome on business. The ladies liked my chiseled physique and hazel eyes. I was close to being fluent in Italian and spoke it most of the time in Italy. Many people spoke English but I liked to speak Italian whenever I could. 

After dinner Wednesday evening, I went to the lounge for a drink. It was not very crowded but I did spot a woman sitting at the bar by herself. From the back she appeared to be shapely and fit. I approached the bar and sat two stools away from her. When I sat down she turned to look at me and smiled. I was taken back as she was not a pretty woman. I guess I had expected her to be good looking. She had curly brown hair with blonde flecks through it. Her nose was flat and seeming too large for her slender face. Her mouth was big also and unflattering. I tried to be polite and greeted her.

"Buonasera, Good evening."

"Buonasera, sei americano?"

"Si sono americano."

"You speak Italian very well."

I laughed and replied, "Thank you and you obviously speak very good English. I'm Kurt."

"I'm Giulia, are you here on vacation?"

"Yes, I have businees in Rome next week but decided to get some in some skiing."

"How long are you staying?"

"Until Saturday, I head to Rome then."

I found myself getting used to her being somewhat unattractive and actually found her to be a bit mysterious and alluring. When she smiled or laughed, I was reminded of a large mouth bass. In time I got used to her appearance and enjoyed her company. I noticed she had on sip of wine left in her glass and I offered to referesh it.

"May I buy you another wine."

"Yes, I would like that."

The bartender refreshed both our wines and we continued to chat. She asked if I was planning to ski on Thursday.

"Yes, I plan to ski tomorrow and Friday."

"Are you skiing alone?"

"Yes, I'm here by myself."

"Would you like to ski together tomorrow?"

"Yes, that would be great. I like skiing with a companion."

"I'll meet you in the hotel lobby at 9:30 tomorrow morning. Is that alright?"

"Definitely, I look forward to it."

"I'll see you tomorrow."

With that said she slid off the bar stool and stood up. I guessed her to be about 5'8" and she was slender and shapely. She walked out of the bar and I watched her closely. Her curvy ass swayed in the stretch pants. I finished my wine and headed to my room. I would have time for the continental breakfast in the morning before meeting her.

SKIING, APRES SKI AND MORE

I slept well that night from the fresh air and aggressive day of skiing. In the morning I ate breakfast before putting on my ski clothes and I wondered what kind of skier Giulia would be. I met her in the lobby at 9:30 and we headed for the slopes. The lifts were running when we got there and we headed to the top on the mountain. We chatted on the lifts and got to learn more about each other. She lived in a small town near the Adriatic Sea. 

It was an exhillariting day of skiing and she was an excellent skier. We stopped for lunch and then skied until the lifts closed. She told me that she would meet me back at the hotel bar after we dropped off our gear and changed clothes. After a drink at the bar, I invited her to dine with me and she accepted but she took me to a very quaint restaurant in town. We had a delicious meal with and excellent wine. I sensed that she was in the mood for love making but she waiting for me to make the first move.

I was bold enough to ask her if she wanted to come to my room and she willingly accepted. By this time I was used to her not-so-pretty face and didn't mind. We went to my hotel and to my room. We both knew what was going to happen and I was anxious to see her body. Once in my room, she removed her clothes slowly as I watched. 

First she removed her shoes and slacks. I gawked at her absolutely gorgeouse legs. They were long and shapley and she was wearing a thong panty. She turned around slolwy showing me her curvy bottom and my loins stired at the lovely shape of her derriere. Next she removed her sweater and I marveled at her skin tone and smoothness. She stood in front of me in just her bra and panty. I already had a boner. I hadn't had sex in over a week and I was more than ready.

In a sexy movement she reached behind and unhooked her bra. Then she caught the cups in both hands and slowly pulled it off of her breasts. They were beautiful, natural and perfectly shaped. I guessed that she was a B cup. In a very alluring and sexually enticing manner she hooked her fingers in her panty and lowered it to her feet. She stepped out of it and smiled at me. I was totally focused on her body.

She had the cutest little patch of pubic hair just above her vagina. Her body had no tan lines and it was magnificent. Taking stock of her again, I admired the long slender legs leading up to a good looking pussy and an ass to kill for. Her waist was narrow and then her super fine breasts stood out with the hard nipples leading the way. Her body was exquisite and more than compensated for her not being pretty. I began to undress and she stopped me.

"Let me do that for you."

She lifted my sweater and then my shirt over my head. I could see that she liked my washboard abs and muscular arms. She caressed them with her fingertips and scrapped them lightly with her finger nails. Next, she dropped to her knees, removed my shoes and socks and then reached for my belt. She unbuckled the belt, unbuttoned and unzipped my pants. Once she had pulled my pants down to my feet I stepped out of them. I stood there in my knit underwear with a boner, evidence of my desire.

For several seconds, she ran her hand over my underwear rubbing my erection. I was sure that if she kept that up that I would cum in my briefs. Finally, she hooked her fingers in the waist band and pulled them down. It was unavoidable that my cock would catch in the waistband. It snagged and then sprung out as she pulled the underwear down to my feet. I stepped out of them and we were both naked. She held my cock in her hand and I sensed that she was admiring it. When hard it was nearly 8" long and just over 5" around. I could tell she was pleased with it.

"This is very nice. Go and wash your cock off in the bathroom."

I did as she asked and I watched as she sat on the bidet. I had never seen a woman douche before and she did right in front of me. She douched both her vagina and bottom and I had a feeling that anal sex would be on the agenda that night. I was so excited I was ready to jump her bones. She told me to get in bed on my back and then she straddled me in a 69-position. 

Guilia took my cock in her mouth and I immediately began eating her pussy. I held to her lovely ass and caressed the creamy buttocks. She knew what she was doing and anytime she sensed that I was close to cumming she stopped sucking me. Minutes later she moved off of me and told me to eat her from behind. Her head and chest were pressed against the mattress with her marvelous ass pointed in the air. I dove in and licked her pussy from behind.

She was cooing and moaning and then she told me to lick her anus too. I was no stranger to anal foreplay and I knew she had douched her bottom. I tongued her anus and licked my way back to her pussy. I flicked my tongue over her engorged clit and then back to the nether hole. Her anus was very clean and I loved probing the rubbery ring. She was going wild with desire and then called out for me to get on my back again.

This time she mounted me lowering her streamy pussy onto my rock-hard cock. She bounced up and down and I thrust up at her. I reached up and fondled her lovely pert breasts. We seemed to be racing toward our first climax and she came before I did. She cried out, her body shook and she collapsed on my chest. I loved the feel of her breasts pressing into me. I caressed the smooth skin of her back and let my hands wander down to her marvelous ass. I held both buttocks in my hands as I resumed fucking her in search my release.

My toes curled, my ball sac tightened and I exploded with a massive ejaculation. My cock throbbed in her womb as six or seven streams shot into her and filled her with man seed. I could feel the warmth of the combined juices surrounding my cock in her vagina. The feeling was incredible and I was in no hurry to move or separate from her. I continued to stroke and fondle her magnificent body savoring the firmness and smoothness of her skin. Her hard nipples pressed into my chest until she eventually moved off of me. I watched as she got off the bed and went to the bidet, obviously to flush my seed from womb. 

My cock was still hard and she smiled at me from the bidet. I knew that we were far from being done that night. Once she finished cleansing herself, she came back to the bed. We cuddled and stroked each other. I was still hard and convinced that I may stay hard all night. Her body was incredible and I wanted to stroke and her and fondle her for hours.

"I would like for you to massage my body, will you do that?"

"Oh yes, I would love to massage you."

"Front first," she whispered.

She lay on her back and I straddled her but kept my weight off of her. I began with neck and arms before working my way down to her lovely breasts. Massaging them I could feel the nipples harden in my palms. Her breasts were the perfect size, at least for me and I loved the way they felt in my hands. After several minutes, my hands moved down to her flat tummy and caressed her abs. Then I went for the legs. I moved off of her and lifted one leg at a time and rested it on my shoulder. I massaged her calves and her thighs. Letting my hands graze her pussy, I discovered she was soaking wet again.

Giulia rolled over and I stared at her incredible ass. I straddled her again and let my erection rest on her buttocks. I massaged her neck and shoulders, lower back and then moved to her legs again. I purposely by bypassed her ass saving it for last. When I finally got to her ass, I massaged each buttock and let my hand slide in between them. She looked over her shoulder and spoke softly. Unable to resist her scrumptious derriere, I pried her cheeks apart and dipped my tongue between them. I licked and probed her anus until she was ready for more than my tongue.

"Get the cream and get my ass ready for your cock."

I was excited beyond belief when I heard her words. I had plan to test the water with her and see if she would let me fuck her ass but had not expected her to ask for it. I used the lotion to finger her anus and shortly, I had one finger going in and out with ease. I added a second finger and soon I had both sliding in and out. My cock was throbbing and I just had to bury it in her bottom. Lifting her by the hips I held her ass at the right level and eased my stiff dick into the receptive chamber. It was a most glorious sight to see my cock slide into her magnificent bottom.

She kept her head down on the mattress with her head turned to one side. I held to her hips and caressed her curvy buns as I slowly fucked the most beautiful ass ever. The way my cock moved easily in her let me know that she was well experienced with anal sex. I wanted to stay in her ass all night and even tomorrow but in time I felt that familiar sensation.

"I'm really close to cumming."

"Cum in me, I want to feel it."

I loved to cum in a woman's ass but I always made sure it was okay. Within minutes, I was shooting a big load into her rectum. Her reaction was to coo and milk my cock with her sphincter. I felt as if she was masturbating me the way she gripped and released my shaft. My second load was nearly as voluminous as the first and I flooded her passage. I remained still pressed against her sweet buns and caressed them as I savored the incredible anal sex. She moved forward and lay face down dislodging my cock. I massaged her marvelous bottom as she lay there.

Minutes later, she was back out of bed and back to the bidet where she cleansed her bottom free of my seed. Once satisfied that she was clean, she came back to bed and washed my cock with a warm washcloth. She then rolled to her back and told me to eat her pussy again. I accommodated her and brought her off as she was very hot from the butt fucking.

She rolled to her side and I cuddled up against her. I caressed her smooth skin and I was enamored with it. I felt as if I could caress and kiss every inch of her from head to foot all night. She loved my attention to her body and my cock was hard once again. She reached back and guided my cock into her pussy and I fucked her slowly in a spoon position. My hands held to her fantastic breasts. 

After what seemed to be an eternity, she reached back and moved my cock from her pussy to her ass. Now I was really hot to be back in that marvelous bottom again. It took much longer before I came a third time but I loved every moment that I was in her ass. My ejaculation was less than the first two but still satisfying to both of us. Once again, I felt the milking action of her sphincter.

Apparently anal sex really turned her on and she had me eat her pussy again until she orgasmed. The both of us were insatiable that night. I didn't think I could cum a fourth time before morning but I was still hard. We moved back to the spoon position and she guided my cock into her ass again. I looked at the clock on the nightstand and it was 3:00 AM. We had been having sex for seven hours. We didn't move but fell asleep in that position. At some time in the early morning hour, I woke up, put my cock back in her ass and fucked her until I came. 

WRAPPING UP

I woke up Friday morning and rolled to my back. As I lay there I thought about the night before. I realized that Giulia was not in bed. In fact, she was not in the room. I had hoped she would have been there for morning sex. I was exhausted but had to pee. After my morning piss. I crawled back in bed and replayed the night's events. I had never been with a woman with such a beautiful sensuous body. Her skin was so soft, smooth and firm. I felt like I could make love to her forever. It was getting late but I still had time to cleanup and make breakfast before the dining room closed.

I was in no rush to go skiing as I was still whipped from the incredible night of sex. I decided to wait until the afternoon. It was a good decision and I had a leisurely afternoon of skiing. I kept a lookout for Guilia but never did see her. Once I made my last run, I returned my skis to the rental shop and returned to the hotel. I showered, dressed and ate dinner in the hotel dining room. Afterward I went to the lounge which was more crowded being a Friday night. I kept hoping that Guilia would show up but that never happened. 

On Saturday when I checked out, the clerk handed me an envelope. It was a note from Guilia thanking me for a wonderful time. That was it. I would have hoped for a phone number or address but it was clear it was a one-night stand. It was the best one ever and one I would never forget.