 My name is Michael, I'm 30 years old, I work in the finance sector and I live in New York. Shortly after I graduated from business school in the spring of 2004, I married my long-time girlfriend, Kristjana. Marriage wasn't an easy step for me to take. My hesitance had nothing to do with my wife – we had been very close for several years and, although she drives me crazy at times, I love her. The truth is, and I realize this is not very original, but I had trouble with marriage because I like the possibility of sexual variety that comes along with being single. And although it had been years since I had slept with anyone but my wife, I didn't want to let go of the possibility that it could happen. There were still things I wanted to experience that my wife either couldn't, or was unwilling, to provide. Does that make me a dog? Maybe. But it's the truth. Anyway, one day I realized that I would have to get over my boyish fantasies at some point, and I got married. 

A few weeks back, a close friend of mine from business school named Elliot came to town for an overnight visit. Elliot had moved away from New York shortly after our graduation and I was happy to see him because we always had a good time together. I became particularly excited about his visit, though, when I remembered that he would be bringing his beautiful fiancée, Mischa, along with him. 

Mischa is 26 years old, petite, uniquely beautiful and warm hearted. When I first met Mischa, I thought I understood her immediately. As time passed, and Mischa and I developed a closer friendship, I found that she was full of small, but very interesting surprises. For instance, Mischa has a small, sweet voice and innocence about her that I noticed immediately. But over time I came to recognize that her innocence has a subtle sexual edge. At times, it has even been obvious that she is playing on her innocence – for example, often times after I have made a playful sexual reference, she pretends not to understand while holding my gaze with a subtle flirtatious twinkle in her eye. 

On a couple of drunken occasions, I have attempted to bring our flirtations to a slightly more serious level. I had never tried to kiss her or anything, after all she is the fiancée of a very close friend, but I have tested the boundaries a little. Unfortunately, Mischa has invariably become shy when I have done this, as if she is covering up some deep part of herself that makes her uncomfortable when she looks at it too directly. 

On several occasions, Elliot and Mischa have joined my wife and me for long nights of drinking, talking and laughing and the two of them have almost always spent the night in our guestroom. Doing so allows them to avoid driving home when they are tired and tipsy and it also allows the four of us to spend additional time together in the morning. This tradition was something I had come to enjoy greatly, so I was disappointed to learn that they had reserved a hotel room for the duration of their visit. 

On the night of Elliot's and Mischa's visit, a large group of our mutual friends got together at a local bar. My wife, Kristjana, was not able to join us because she had made plans weeks earlier to attend a concert with other friends. Everyone was getting along better than they had at any point in the past – seeing old friends can often be that way. After some time apart, it's as if a new "honeymoon" period begins and you get a chance to see people you've known for years in a brand new light. Their comforting familiarity is somehow magically coupled with the excitement of exploring them for the first time – the best of both worlds. 

I was as excitable and talkative as anyone there, I suppose. I floated from conversation to conversation and grew happier as the bar tab grew. 

At some point later in the evening, just as one conversation was ending but before another could begin, Mischa approached quickly and sat down in front of me, turning her back to the rest of the room and effectively blocking me into a corner where I would be able to talk only to her. Of course, I didn't protest and I suddenly felt a pang of regret as I realized that she was one of the few people I had not spoken with all night. 

She wasted no time beginning the conversation. We filled each other in on the mundane aspects of our lives: our jobs, careers, where we were living, and our short-term plans. As our simple conversation wandered on, I began to feel warm and sort of peaceful and I realized how deeply I had missed her. It was as if we were sitting completely alone, in our own little dream, in the midst of a loud and churning sea of familiar faces. 

Several minutes later, our intimacy was interrupted when a mutual friend arrived and awkwardly pushed himself between us to say hello. Mischa welcomed him warmly and reached up to put her arm around his shoulder, but I sensed that she was as frustrated by his interruption as I was. 

After about another hour of drinking and reminiscing, the bartender made his last call and people began to collect themselves to leave. At that point, Mischa approached me again and asked whether my wife, Kristjana, would be arriving at home soon and, if so, whether Mischa could come by to say hello. I took this opportunity to invite her and Elliot to stay in our guestroom, rather than at their hotel. That way, I explained, we could have a few more drinks while we waited for my wife to return home and we could spend some time together in the morning. 

After some deliberation, Mischa and Elliot decided to accept my invitation. Because my wife had dropped me off on the way to meet her friends, it made sense for me to ride home with Mischa and Elliot. So, a few minutes later, the three of us left the bar and walked to Elliot's car. 

When we arrived at the car, Mischa insisted that I ride in the front seat with Elliot. She said that she had shorter legs and would be more comfortable in the back seat. I refused and assured her that I would be just fine. She was persistent, however, and soon was playfully wrestling me away from the door to the car's back seat. Being a gentleman, I allowed her to win the wrestling match. Not to be outdone, though, once she was in the backseat, I jumped in with her, leaving Elliot in the front seat alone. 

Mischa laughed gleefully as I jumped into the backseat, pushing her into the seat behind Elliot, and Elliot didn't seem to mind, so I stayed where I was. 

As Elliot began the short drive to my home, Mischa playfully threatened to tell my wife if I tried any "backseat funny business." 

"What do you mean?" I asked, "Something like this?" And as I asked the question, I leaned toward Mischa in a silly and exaggerated fashion, pretending to take her into my arms. 

"Oh, no!" Mischa screamed with feigned horror, leaning away from me and against the far door, "I'm being assaulted by a sexual madman!"

What happened next was so fleeting that I was not sure what to make of it at the time. I leaned forward and wrapped my arms around Mischa, nuzzling her lightheartedly. When I did this, I fully expected Mischa to push me away, but she didn't. Instead, she grasped the back of my left arm gently with her right hand and, giggling and squealing like a little girl, moved her head away from her shoulder slightly to allow me access to her neck. 

I was so taken back by her openness to my advance that I moved away and looked at her quizzically. Her eyes were smiling and she had clearly had more to drink than I originally realized. I took a quick glance up at the rear view mirror and it appeared Elliot was preoccupied with the heavy bar traffic. 

"Elliot," I said. "I think your fiancee is finally giving in to my advances." 

"Congratulations," Elliot responded casually and with a brief smile into the mirror, "I'm proud of you."

I turned to Mischa and said, "I think Elliot just gave me backseat license to ravage you – what do you think?" 

Wearing the same intoxicated smile, Mischa responded in a tone that was clearly intended to provoke me, "but I'll still tell your wife." 

"That's a chance I'm willing to take," I said as I grasped the back of her head and playfully nuzzled into her neck again. 

Just as she had before, Mischa gently held my left arm with her right hand and, though she was giggling and squealing as if she protested, she dropped her shoulder to allow me access to her neck as I growled as rasped like a crazed animal. This time, though, I didn't pull away. Instead, I moved up and down her neck with my nose and lips, not kissing her really, but making increasingly quieter animal sounds until, at some point, as I gradually became swept up in the moment and began to focus on Mischa's sweet scent, I stopped making noises altogether and found myself simply brushing my mouth and nose against her neck, smelling and feeling her neck between my slightly parted lips as she lay very quietly against the door behind the driver's seat. When I noticed that I was no longer making noises, I realized that Mischa must be realizing that I was interested in more than simple flirtations, and I began to pull away once again. But then Mischa did something interesting – she brought her left hand to the back of my head and began stroking my hair very slightly as we lay close to one another. 

Mischa and I only stayed in that position for a second or two before I moved away, fearing that Elliot would see us and become angry or uncomfortable. As I moved away, I noticed that Mischa's eyes were not glazed with drunkenness and they were no longer playful. She now wore a look of apprehension and slight confusion, but I was encouraged by the fact that she looked more excited than upset. 

Nevertheless, I had other concerns. Although our ambiguous embrace lasted only seconds, I now had a full erection and, because of the way I was sitting in the back seat, I was sure Mischa would notice if she looked in that direction. I tried to shift, but I did not want to make my situation obvious by moving around too much. 

"What happened, buddy?" Elliot asked, responding to the sudden quiet in the back seat. "Did she turn you down after all?" 

I paused before answering and thought "Thank god, he is completely oblivious." 

"Yeah," I responded finally, looking back at Elliot's eyes in the rearview mirror. "I guess her heart and her body belong to you alone." 

"Your loss," Elliot said with a grin. 

When we arrived at my house, we discovered that Kristjana was not home from her concert yet. So, we all decided to stay up and have a few drinks in the living room while we waited for her. Elliot suggested that we mix some shots. Mischa and I were not interested, choosing instead to have wine, but Elliot decided to mix shots for himself. 

In fact, he decided to play a solo drinking game – he explained that he planned to mix and drink a different shot every ten minutes to determine whether his body could handle more shots than his brain knew how to make. After half an hour of good conversation, and three shots and two beers for Elliot, Kristjana arrived. Apparently she and her friends had done their share of drinking at the concert, and she announced that she had left her car in a parking garage near the concert venue because she didn't want to drive home. After making a few slurred remarks about the concert and expressing her distaste for a shirt that Elliot was wearing, Kristjana stumbled into our bedroom. I followed her and helped her undress and get under the covers. 

"You are so beautiful, even when you're sloppy drunk." I told her as I pulled the blankets over her. 

"Right now," she replied, laughing loudly "I don't care." 

I began rubbing her stomach through the covers on the bed. 

"No, Michael," she said firmly. 

"No what?" I asked. 

"No sex," she said, laughing again. "I'm too tired." "Go fuck Mischa – she looks like she's in the mood." 

"Wow," I said, "you are drunk." 

"Yes, I'm drunk and I don't want sex," she replied. She then brought my hand to her mouth, kissed it and rolled over to fall asleep.

When I returned to the living room, Mischa was sitting alone on the couch and Elliot was laying on the ground with his head on a pillow watching an old movie on television. I picked up my wine glass, walked across the room to sit down next to Mischa and took a drink. I apologized for Kristjana's drunken antics and began watching the movie. 

Very shortly thereafter, Elliot began to snore and Mischa giggled in response. 

"He had two more shots while you were in the bedroom with Kristjana," she explained. 

"That explains it," I said. "Would you like more wine?" 

"I don't think so," she said, "but can I ask you something?" 

"Sure," I said. 

"Was Kristjana mad at me for some reason?" she asked.

"No, of course not, not at all," I responded, "why?"

"When you were talking to her, I heard her say my name ... I didn't hear everything she said, but it sounded like she might be upset." 

"No," I replied, laughing nervously, "she wasn't upset." "She was maybe a little rude, but not upset." 

"Oh, okay," Mischa said. "But how did I come up?" 

"Actually," I said slowly, "if you must know, she brought you up in the middle of refusing to have sex with me." 

"Oh!" Mischa said, laughing loudly and suddenly, "and what do I have to do with that?" 

"Nothing," I said. "I shouldn't have told you – she was just making a joke – she just said that she didn't want to have sex and recommended that I have sex with you instead." 

"Oh my god! Me?" Mischa asked. After a pause, Mischa finally asked "and what did you say?" Her tone was flirtatious, but playfully stern at the same time -- it conjured an image of Mischa standing over me with her hands on her hips. 

"I told her that I tried my best in the back seat of the car, but that you threatened to tell her and pushed me away!" 

"What?!" Mischa asked quietly but incredulously. "You told her about the back seat?"

"Why not?" I asked, calling her bluff. 

"Well, I don't know ... I guess I thought that was my ace in the hole. Now I have no good threats left to fend you off!" 

At that point, I started to growl the way I had in the car and very slowly leaning toward Mischa with my arms slightly outstretched. I watched her very closely. The playful look in her eyes remained, though she was clearly more nervous now than she had been in the car. Her eyes moved back and forth between me and Elliot, who was still snoring on the floor. I couldn't tell if she was looking to him for help or to make sure he was still asleep. I raised my arms higher and very slowly moved them behind her to place them on her upper back. As soon as my hands made contact, I pulled her forward quickly and pressed my face against her neck. She began giggling and squealing in mock protest, just as she had earlier, but now she was making the sounds much more quietly. 

Her hands and arms were trapped between us and she reached up with her hands to wrap them around my neck. I kept growling and slowly began moving my nose and mouth up her neck to the area behind her ear. I kept making silly noises to maintain the ruse that this was all just a light-hearted game, and she continued to giggle and play along. Meanwhile, I had again developed a full erection, and I desperately wanted to move one of my hands around from her back to begin rubbing and playing with her tits. Thankfully, I was able to maintain control. 

I then began nibbling the soft skin just under Mischa's ear as if I were a small animal. In response, she didn't exactly push me away, and she didn't totally stop giggling, but she leaned back slightly as if my changed approach maybe took her by surprise. When she did this, I decided to push my luck a little, so I brought my hand to her shoulder and leaned forward in an effort to keep my mouth and lips where they were. Under the added weight, she slid slowly onto her back, and I slid along with her until she was laying flat on the couch and my upper body was covering hers. She began squealing and laughing harder at that point and she lifted one leg off the floor and onto the couch to brace her. As she did this, the full length of her thigh rubbed firmly and directly across my erection and I involuntarily moaned directly into her ear. 

Suddenly it felt as though the entire world had stopped. 

Needless to say, I was no longer making silly noises and she was no longer giggling. I couldn't move. I was tremendously embarrassed and, as the seconds slowly ticked by, it became apparent that we had reached the moment of truth. If we continued playing around at all now, even with growls and giggles, we would no longer be able to pretend that we were just flirting innocently. She now had to acknowledge, despite all the little games and pretension, that this was more than just flirtation for me and that, at the very least, my body was interested in much more. 

With my mouth still open and pressing against Mischa's sweet skin, I lay completely still and waited for her reaction. 

I could still hear Elliot's labored breathing rising from the floor and I knew that Kristjana was passed out in our room next door. For all intents and purposes, Mischa and I were alone and it seemed we were both silently weighing the same heavy decision. Suddenly, Mischa brought one of her hands to the back of my head and began stroking my hair as she had briefly in the car. I lifted myself slowly onto one elbow and our eyes met. 

Although I had flirted mercilessly with Mischa in the past, and I had fantasized about fucking her on countless occasions, I had never tried anything. After all, I was married and she was the fiancée of a very close friend. But something about the look in her eye at that particular moment seemed to give me permission to want her and, maybe, just maybe, to take her. Her gaze was intense and stormy, but there was something more there too – a kind of resolve I had never seen in her before. 

I made my decision. The combination of her beauty, her smell, her taste, and the surrender I could just barely see emanating from a deep place behind her eyes won out – I began to move deliberately toward her lips. 

And then Mischa spoke. 

"I think maybe we should get some sleep," she said, removing her hand from the back of my head and placing two fingers on my chin. I was stunned and, once again, completely embarrassed. What's worse, Mischa's eyes had changed. They were full of regret now, and some measure of longing, but I could see that she had made up her mind. 

I sat up on the couch to let her move. She fixed her hair, straightened her clothes and stood up. She looked at Elliot asleep on the floor and stood quietly for at least ten seconds. She then took one step toward Elliot, stopped and looked back at me. 

"Can we just sleep here for a while?" she asked, pointing to the couch. "I mean, just sleep?"

"Sure – of course." 

"I'll be right back," Mischa said, smiling shyly, and walked down the hall toward the bathroom. 

I stood up and rushed to convert the futon couch we had been sitting on into a bed as quietly as possible. I grabbed pillows and two large blankets from the closet and draped one blanket over Elliot and threw the other over the futon bed. I took particular notice of the fact that Elliot was still snoring loudly and did not even stir when I placed the blanket over him.

I stripped to my boxers and t-shirt and lay down under the blanket on the bed. A few minutes later, Mischa returned from the bathroom. She had changed into a t-shirt and a tight pair of pink sweat pants. She got into the bed and lay next to me. She took my arm and pulled it over her, tucking it under her right arm and holding my hand between her breasts. She moved back so our bodies were in contact all the way from our feet to our shoulders. I began to worry as my erection started to grow again, but I decided not to hide it. It was a good decision. Just as my erection grew large enough to begin pressing against Mischa's backside, she moved herself back and forth against it once or twice, nestling it between the cheeks of her ass. 
