 The bed shifted and I slowly opened my eyes, blinking rapidly as the morning sun glared into my tender retinas. My boyfriend, Rob, was just getting off his shift as a firefighter and was lying down to go to sleep.

"Sorry, baby," Rob whispered. "Didn't mean to wake you."

I yawned. "It's ok, I have to get up anyway. How was work?"

He scooted over and curled up behind me, pulling me up against his pelvis. "Pretty quiet. A couple house fires, no fatalities though. That's always a good thing."

"Yeah." I murmured. As I continued to wake up, my body began to grow more sensitive to Rob's warm hardness pressing against me, and I shifted my hips, teasingly rubbing my ass into his cock.

"Ashleigh, you little tease," he said. He began to nibble on my neck, his hands taking hold of the hem of my t-shirt and slipping it up past my hips. His gave a low growl of approval when his seeking hands found no panties, and he moved my left leg slightly forward to allow access to my already wet pussy. 

He slid a hand up my shirt and lightly pinched my left nipple, twisting and pulling it as I felt the head of his stiff cock nudging at my hot opening. Rob pushed inside me, his thick, eight-inch cock fully filling me and sending electric shivers of pleasure throughout my body. 

"Ahhh, Ash, you feel so good," he groaned hotly, slowly fucking in and out of my cunt. I reached back and hooked my hand around his hip, pulling his thrusts harder into me as I pushed back to meet them. He slipped his middle finger between my pussy lips and rubbed my clit in slow, firm circles, eliciting a soft gasp of pleasure from me.

"Harder, Rob...harder," I cried. His thrusts grew quicker and deeper, our skin slapping together, his dick growing thicker inside me. His breath was hot in my ear as he groaned how he was going to cum.

His finger rubbed my hard clit faster, bringing me closer to orgasm. "Ashleigh...I'm going to cum...cum inside you..."

"Fuck yes...cum in my pussy, Rob," I breathed. I came as he began to shoot his cum inside my tight pussy, filling me up, our breathing slowing as we came down. 

"Mmmmm what a perfect way to go to sleep," Rob sighed with another yawn. I smiled and sat up, kissing him on the forehead and sliding out of bed. "Night, baby." I whispered. He smiled, his green eyes closed. "Night, Ash."

I stared down at his prone form, at his jet-black hair and lean, 6-foot tall muscular body for a moment before I pulled the blinds and curtains over the brightly lit window. We had met two years ago, when I was twenty and he twenty-five, through a mutual friend, and moved in together after a year of going out. It was hard sometimes, being he was gone so much with his job, but I had grown used to it and we worked with it as much as we could. 

Opening the bedroom door, I crept out and softly closed it behind me, my mind on the shower I had to take.

"Good morning."

I jumped about a foot in the air and yelped in surprise, spinning around. "Dammit, Simon..." 

The smug, smiling face of my boyfriend's twenty-four year old brother filled me with annoyed rage. He was the exact opposite of Rob, arrogant, self-absorbed, and every bit as good-looking as his brother with dark blond hair and brown eyes. Simon was a little more muscular than Rob, but then that was because he had more maturity points to fill up, too.

"I didn't scare you on purpose, Ashleigh." He grinned. My eyes skimmed over him of their own accord, noticing his taut stomach and strong thighs, which bulged in his gray boxer-briefs. 

"See something you like?"

I ripped my eyes from his thighs and adopted a glare. "You wish."

He chuckled. "For sloppy seconds? No thanks."

Giving him a withering look, I than realized what he was talking about. Warm cum was leaking down the insides of my thighs, which were left bare in my suddenly extremely short t-shirt. I flushed and turned away from him, hurrying into the bathroom and slamming the door behind me.

Because he claimed lack of money and time, Simon had moved in with us about half a year ago, when he came to work in the same department as a firefighter with his brother. Rob thought he was a riot, and I totally respected the brother bond, but Simon just had something about him that tried my God-given patience. I couldn't place my finger on it, but it was always there. He was constantly making little sexual comments and innuendos towards me, which to my surprise didn't anger Rob at all. It highly amused him, matter of fact, and whether I wanted to admit it to myself or not, I had been thinking more than just friendly thoughts about Simon for the past two months.

I sighed heavily and turned to examine my curvy, 5'7 inch frame in the mirror, cringing at my disheveled blond-brown hair and blue eyes. How could I manage to look so perfectly awful in front of Simon?

Why do I care? I scoffed to myself. I stripped my t-shirt off and climbed into the shower, moaning in satisfaction as the warm water began cascading over my body. I took my time washing my body with soap and than shampooing and conditioning, working up thick, rich lathers and massaging my scalp. I rinsed and flicked the water off, grabbing the lush terry bath towel hanging just outside the shower and drying off, wrapping it tightly around me. A quick glance at a clock drew a muttered curse from my mouth, and I opened the bathroom door, peeking out for signs of Simon, who never went to bed earlier than nine a.m. He was nowhere in sight.

I dashed down the hall to the basement door, which led downstairs to our washer and dryer and tread down them. After a quick dig through the dryer, I found the blouse, skirt, and black thigh highs I wore to work and decided to just dress there. The towel slid to my ankles and I slipped my thigh highs on, putting my blouse on next and bending down to grab my skirt.

"Well, if I wasn't a gentleman, I would take advantage of this situation." Simon said from behind me.

With a startled gasp I whirled around, trying in vain to cover my nude bottom half. Simon emerged from a separate room we had in the basement for the boys' weight-lifting equipment, his forehead and chest covered with sweat. 

"I hate it when you sneak up on me like that." I snapped.

He held up his hands. "I didn't sneak. You're the one down here half-naked, Ash."

"I was just getting my work clothes from the dryer." I said purposefully. This was my house, not his!

My eyes were suddenly glued to a trickle of sweat that was running down his torso, trickling over his trim stomach and finally soaking into the waistband of his boxer briefs. Simon continued to approach me, his brown eyes roving appreciatively over my body, wiping his hands in a navy blue hand towel. I backed up until my ass hit the dryer and tried to slow my breathing as he came within inches of me, the sweet smell of sweat and cologne mixing to invade my nostrils.

"Wh - what are you doing?" I stammered. 

"What do you think?" he murmured.

"Simon..."

"I have to get something from the dryer."

I swallowed. "Oh...right. Sorry."

With my cheeks blazing red, I stepped out of his way and finished dressing; carefully avoiding his gaze as he folded the clothes he had in the dryer. This was crazy. I was with his brother, and here I was fantasizing about the very man I could barely stand! Even as I thought it, I knew I wanted him. Had wanted him for a while now and could not force myself to realize it...

Was I completely insane? Wanting a man so full of himself he couldn't stop in front of a mirror without admiring his reflection? Not to mention the fact he was the brother of my live-in boyfriend. I mentally scolded myself and started up the basement stairs to finish getting ready. On a whim, I looked back and was mildly surprised when I discovered Simon watching my departure, a small smile on his face. He cleared his throat and looked away when I caught him.

"Later, Ash."

"Yea, see you later." I croaked back.

Throughout the day at work, I shook Simon out of my head and concentrated on the more important matters at hand: like Rob's twenty-eighth birthday, which was the next day. He had to work, so I couldn't plan much in the way of a party, but I had an idea of what I could do. We had talked out little fantasies of me coming to the firehouse while he was on duty, slipping into his bed while his crew was asleep around him, and fucking like nothing else. It seemed as good a time as no other to fulfill our mutual fantasy, and the thought of sinking down on my boyfriend's cock with at least eight other men around made my pussy wet. I had always had a taste for the kinky...Rob didn't get into as much as I did, but he liked the firehouse idea (lucky for me).

Rob and Simon were on the living room couch when I came home from work, watching a football game on TV and sipping beers. I went into the kitchen and yanked open the freezer, grabbed a frozen pizza, and turned on the oven as Rob ambled into the kitchen to greet me.

"How was your day?" he murmured into my ear as he wrapped me in a hug. I sighed and hugged him back, responding it was fine. He smelled so clean and felt so good against my body...involuntarily I began to react to him, as I always seemed to. His hands slid down to cup my ass, pulling me tighter against his groin, where I felt the firm bulge already waiting for me.

"I missed you," he breathed. "Are you wearing those thigh highs, Ash?"

"Yes." I whimpered.

"I want to fuck you."

I didn't need any more encouragement. Taking hold of his hand, I pulled him after me towards our bedroom, Simon looking up from the TV questioningly as we passed through the living room.

"You can put the pizza in the oven." I told him.

Rob slammed our bedroom door behind us, already stripping off his khaki's and t-shirt. I made quick work of my blouse, skirt and panties, lying back on the bed and spreading my legs wide. Rob kneeled down over me, entwining his fingers with mine and holding my arms above my head as he slid his stiff cock deep inside my warm, wet pussy. I gasped and arched my back, trying to take him deeper in my aching tightness as he began to fuck hard into me. I closed my eyes, enjoying the feeling of his thick cock rubbing against the soft walls of my pussy, stretching me open, before an image of Simon suddenly appeared in my mind's eye. 

My eyes flew open, looking straight up into Rob's lusty green gaze. "Your so wet and hot for me, Ash," he gasped. "Wrap your legs around me."

I closed my eyes again as I squeezed my thighs around his waist. "Ahhh yes, Rob, fuck me..." I moaned hotly. "Harder, baby!"

"Ashleigh..."

Simon?

Eyes open...Rob pounded into my pussy, his balls slapping against my ass. I was so close to cumming...

"I'm going to cum, Ash, oh god..." 

I was going crazy! Hearing Simon's voice...I wanted Simon inside my cunt, fucking me...fucking me hard...I thrust my hips upwards to meet Rob's pistoning cock, needing to cum. "Give it to me," I cried. "Make me cum!"

"Yes, Ash, I'm going to cum in your pussy!" Rob groaned.

Fuck me, Simon...fuck me...I thought silently, so hot that guilt knew no meaning to me. Rob fucked into me once more before he began emptying his balls, his hot load exploding inside me, and I came hard, so hard, I had to bite off the scream that welled up in my throat. My breath came out in ragged gasps and my thighs fell away from Rob in exhaustion. I felt like I had just run a marathon...Rob collapsed beside me, a fine sheen of sweat covering his lean body. We were silent awhile.

"We'll be lucky if Simon didn't hear us." Rob chuckled.

The full force of what had just happened hit me. I had just thought about my boyfriend's brother while we fucked...I had wished Rob was Simon! 

There was a light knock on the door. "If you guys are finished, the pizza is done." Simon said. He laughed as he walked away.

"So much for not hearing us," Rob muttered.

We exchanged looks and chuckled. It lightened the mood considerably for me...surely a girl could fantasize about her lover's brother? That's all it was anyway...just fantasizing.

I washed up, slipping into a tight midriff tank top and denim shorts, joining the boys on the living room couch for pizza. Simon and Rob argued about the game as I relaxed against my lover, making a point to avoid looking at Simon who was dressed only in a pair of tearaways. The doorbell rang a while later, and Simon leaped up to answer it.

He came back with a cute, curvy brunette with long, curly brown hair and brown eyes, and a rack that equaled mine. Rob's eyebrows raised and I elbowed him playfully.

"This is Sara. Sara, this is my brother, Rob, and his girlfriend Ashleigh." Simon said.

"Hi." She smiled. 

"Well, you two have a good night." Simon grinned smugly and took Sara's hand, leading her out of the living room. Seconds later, his bedroom door closed.

Rob and I exchanged glances. "Looked like the lights were on, but no one was home there." I said wryly. Rob gave me a funny look.

"If I didn't know better, it seems you might be a little jealous."

I swallowed hard and forced a laugh. "Jealous of what?"

"Just an observation." He grinned and put his arm around me, quieting to watch the TV.

All night Rob and I listened to the sounds of Simon and Sara fucking. Not that we really wanted to listen, but there was no way to avoid it, since they seemed to be screaming loud enough to break a world record. There was also no way to avoid my occasional twinges of jealousy when I heard Sara squealing with delight, and wondering if it actually felt that good to have Simon's cock pounding into her. 

We went to bed a short time later, but I lay awake a while listening to the giggles and moans coming from the next room. After about another hour of it, they snuck past our bedroom and I heard the front door opening and closing. 

After a few minutes, and not hearing Simon sneak back past our bedroom, curiosity took over me and I slipped out of bed and into a t-shirt, slowly opening the door to peek out. I heard the TV playing in the living room and Simon's murmurs.

Didn't Sara leave?

I glanced back at Rob to make sure he was still asleep and tiptoed out the door, going to the end of the hall and peering around the edge of the wall to see what was going on. I bit my lip to muffle my gasp of surprise.

Simon was reclined on the couch, the only light on in the living room the reflections of the TV. He had only a pair of white boxer briefs on, and they were shoved down past his cock, which was rock hard. He had his hand wrapped around his thick member, slowly pumping it up and down, his brown eyes fixed on the TV screen. The talking I heard was the TV...and as I found out a second later...

"Yes, Ash...stroke my cock..." Simon moaned softly.

I covered my mouth with a hand and straightened against the wall, my mind working a million miles a minute. I couldn't believe what I was seeing...or hearing...I contemplated just going back to bed and forgetting what I just saw, but instead I slid my hand between my thighs, my fingers flying to my wet cunt on their own accord. I shimmied to the edge of the wall, carefully balancing to watch Simon and slide my middle finger deep in my tight opening. His hand was moving faster now, up and down his shaft, which was glistening wetly as he used his pre-cum for lubrication. The moans on the TV were growing louder; obviously the couple was getting closer to orgasm...I slipped another finger in my wet pussy, matching my whispered groans with Simon's.

"I want to fuck you, Ashleigh...cum in your pussy..." Simon whimpered. The wet stroking sounds were so hot! I pumped deep and fast into my sopping pussy, the shock of what was going on fresh in my head, but my lust overtaking. Simon's hips jerked upwards, his fist a blur as he jacked his cock.

"Fuck, Ash...fuck, I'm going to cum inside you!"

My knees weakened as I my orgasm built in my pussy, and as Simon gave one last cry, a thick stream of cum jetted out of his cock and splattered unto the back of the couch behind him. I cried out and arched my back, clamping my thighs around my hand as I came.

"Hello?" Simon called out.

I jerked upright. He must have heard me cry out! I sprinted down the hall, dashing into my bedroom and into bed, covering up as the door creaked open. I heard Simon's soft breathing and held my breath until the door closed again.

The things I had seen tonight played through my head until I eventually fell asleep. How could I actually get myself off watching my boyfriend's brother cum? Why did I want him when Rob treated me so good? 

The next day, I plotted and planned about my surprise visit on Rob and pushed what had happened with Simon to the back of my head. I would have to ask Simon which bed was Rob's, so I wouldn't crawl on top of some strange firefighter. A chuckle escaped my mouth when that came to mind.

I picked up the phone and dialed home, half praying it would be Simon that answered, because I needed my question answered, and half hoping it would not be, because of last night. 

"Hello?" It was Simon...my cheeks flushed, and a warm tingle went through my body as I imagined him with his cock in his hand.

"Simon, it's Ashleigh."

"Hey, Ash," Simon said, and I heard something shut in the background. "What's up?"

"I need to find something out. Don't tell Rob I asked about this, ok?" I warned.

"Ohhh...kay. Why not?"

"Please, Simon, just don't. I need you to tell me which bed Rob sleeps in at the station."

He paused. "Really? You planning a little midnight rendezvous?"

"No...no," I said quickly. "I was just going to have something delivered there, and wanted to leave instructions with the carrier."

"Oh...all right. He sleeps on the left side, third bed down."

"Thanks." I jotted it down. "Talk to you later, Simon. Can you get Rob on the phone for me?"

"He was napping on the couch...hold on, I'll get him up."

"No, Simon..."

Too late, Simon was rousing Rob. None too gently, either, I noted as Rob grouchily told Simon to fuck off.

There was some fumbling with the phone. "Yeah?" Rob said sleepily.

"I'm sorry, baby. I didn't want him to wake you up."

"Hey, Ash. Nah, it's ok. I have to get ready for work anyway," he yawned. "How's work?"

"It's fine. So how's my birthday boy?"

He chuckled. "One year older, and feeling it. Why are you with an old man, Ash?"

"You are not old," I scolded. "You know I'm with you for your money."

We had a good laugh over that one, and then discussed plans for dinner on his next days off. By the time we got off the phone, I firmly promised myself that Simon would remain only a fantasy. What right did I have to ruin what I had with Rob, when it was so good, over something as controllable as lust?

I pulled up to the firehouse around midnight (I had heard Rob mention a few times that this was the time his crew laid down if nothing was going on). It looked quiet, and I tiptoed my way upstairs with few obstacles. I made my way down the middle of the room, cringing with every turn or sound any of the eight different sleeping forms made, but I figured even if one should wake up, I would just look like another guy going to his bed.

Arriving at the designated bed, I took a quick look around me to affirm I was not being watched, though in the darkness it was hard to determine. I slid off my t-shirt and shorts, leaving me naked, and carefully pulled up an edge of the blanket to slip underneath it. I sidled over Rob's strong legs, working my way up to pop my head up from beneath the top of the blanket. I could barely see anything...it was even hard to decipher Rob's mouth in the dark. I also had no idea how much time I would have, anything could happen at any time, but I was determined to do this for Rob...and myself, I thought with a smile.
