 "Do you think he wants to fuck me?"

Their dinner guest had just excused himself to make a call and Jo slipped her hand into her lover's and leaned close to him, whispering the words playfully into his ear. They'd had a lovely meal, it was winter again, her favorite season, and tonight she was just... happy. She felt light and sensual, like the microscopic bubbles spiraling in her glass of Crystal, and James looked so handsome in his not-worn-often suit. Fine tailoring always turned her on, he'd been erudite, funny and charming all evening, which was driving her mad, and suddenly she felt a bit giddy and adventurous.

"Why? Do you want him?" James asked dryly, glancing across the crowded room to see if Burton was still out of earshot.

"No, I want you. But I thought maybe we could have some fun. That is if you think he'd be game... and if you're in the mood."

An hour later they were standing together in the living room. James had just lit a fire and it was the only available light, casting a flickering orange glow on Jo's breasts. James was undressing her while Burton watched over the rim of his glass. When she was entirely naked, James urged Burton to come closer, adding "You might want to set that down for a minute."

The bet was entirely Jo's idea. James warned her he didn't think she had that much control yet, but she insisted and promised if she failed, he could concoct a wickedly erotic punishment. But she wouldn't fail.

"I want to show you something," James said, and told Burton to insert two fingers into her cunt. She inhaled sharply at the penetration, they were ice cold from holding his drink. James touched the tip of her nipples, and she shivered slightly as they blossomed. He traced a line up her silken throat, then turned her face to his and kissed her deeply, passionately, pressing her body against his with Burton's arm caught between them. Both men felt her cum instantly. Not once, but repeatedly, over a period of a minute, the whole time her lover's mouth held hers captive. When Burton withdrew his fingers, they glistened with her cum. He tasted it, and murmured he was glad they invited him to the party.

Now that Burton knew with certainty that Jo wasn't frigid, that in fact she was passionate, willing, maybe even easy... James wondered if he'd like to make a little bet, just to make things interesting. He explained that Jo belonged to him and would only cum if he gave her permission. Her lover was willing to bet a hundred dollars that, no matter what he did to her, Burton couldn't make her cum. Until James told her she could.

Burton laughed softly, "No one can do that."

"Then you've won a hundred dollars, "and James placed a crisp bill on the gleaming oak table next to them.

Burton shook his head, wondering if she could only respond to James, some sort of chemical thing. he didn't want a stacked deck against him.

Jo's heartbeat shot up as James put her into Burton's arms, the sexual tension between her and her and her lover was dancing between them, flushing her skin, making her wet. In moments like this, she saw the pair of them in her mind take on the form of sinewy predators, stalking pleasure together on the vast savannah of their shared imagination and desire. Burton closed his mouth on hers, squeezing her breasts in his hands, his sex rising between her thighs. James slipped behind her, his hands firm on her hips, his lips near her ear. As Burton dropped one of his hands between her legs , opening her wet cunt lips to play with her clit, James waited fro a moment, then said, "Cum for him, darling. Now." And she did, her whole body shuddered, her pelvis thrusting against his hand.

Burton smiled, let her go and glanced past her face at James, "Ah, but was she responding to you? or to me?"

"Only one way we'll know, " James shrugged.

Burton laughed softly again, took Jo's hand and led her towards a low, wide ottoman. He stretched her out, her back flat against it, her throat arched in the firelight, head tilting a bit off one end, knelt down and opened her legs wide, ready to go down on her... and grinned, "You've got a bet."

The second she felt his hot tongue start to work on her clit, Jo knew she was in trouble. He was good with his mouth, and knew it, and for all her control, she did have a body and it did want to give in and respond. It was only physical, completely bereft of the powerful surge of electrical energy that made sex with her lover so intoxicating. But the energy was there, because the game was on, the challenge was as much between Jo and James as it was between the two men. he was daring her to disobey, and she was always tempted because the specter of his punishments loomed so delicious over her.

She knew he would never, ever harm her in any way; but he had and would push her limits, overwhelm her with intensity, make new demands that would shatter barriers, reveal to her to him more intimately, challenge her physically, emotionally, psychologically. But the same demands could also be a reward.. the difference was only a shift of consciousness, a mutually-agreed upon play on words, spicing sex with the condiments of expectation or dread, depending upon their taste, their momentary hunger, their whim.

her wetness, the flush of her skin, her female scent, her body's willingness to respond, drove Burton to use all of his oral skills, which were prodigious. Jo felt her muscles tighten, her breathing quicken, and the familiar molten fire race through her veins. James knelt beside her head, watching, knowing the signals her body was sending. 

"Don't you dare," he whispered, his voice commanding, hard-edged.

She held back, fought her body, fought her desire to win and to lose, swam in the excruciating tension they all produced in her. A powerful tongue plunged in and out of her cunt, teeth clamped down on her swollen clit and held it while the tongue flickered and caressed, sucked and licked. She was stretched taut, a wire wanting to be struck, screaming silently to release in a clear, resonant tone.

Then her lover did the unexpected, really the unthinkable. He pulled her head down over the edge of the ottoman and, while the ravenous mouth continued to assault her clit and fingers plunged into her cunt and ass, she felt her lover's rock hard cock brush her lips, his strong hands hold her face as he started fucking her mouth. he was pushing her, he knew he was, and she was suddenly terrified she'd lose all control.

"Don't you dare, " he said again, "Not for him, not for me, nit until I say it... " and he fucked her mouth slowly, the way he knew made her cum in a second, in waves, and her whole body began to shake. Did he want her to lose so he could exact some fantastic and pleasurable erotic retribution later? Or did he want to show off the impossible command he had over her mind, heart and body? She couldn't tell, and she couldn't ask because his cock was filling her mouth with cum and everything in her wanted to respond , to explode with him, she wanted to scream.

And now she felt the other mount her, ramming his cock into her cunt, who was he, she couldn't even remember, she was blind, deaf and dumb, falling into the depths of her body, trying to contain the inevitable eruption. She knew she couldn't contain it any longer.

"No..." her lover's voice intruded, sharp and cold, or was it... daring her to disobey?

She heard the other man cry out, felt his hot liquid shoot inside her, heard him gasp something about giving up.

Her lover lifted her shoulders, leaned her against his chest, reached around and cupped her breasts as of holding a trophy on display. Burton looked up from between her still open legs. James held his gaze for an instant, then spoke to Jo.

"Cum, you little bitch." 

She let go, and her body convulsed in his arms as the most incredible orgasm she'd ever experienced raged through her releasing the unbearable tensions, piecing her like a volley of arrows shot from some fantastic crossbow. She grabbed him, and clutched him, letting herself drown in wave after wave, until finally, inevitably, she collapsed against him and felt his strong arms go 'round her, hold her, felt him rock her ever so gently...as Burton dressed and slipped way, leaving a crisp $100 bill behind...