 Again

I can hear them arguing...again. I moved in ten days ago and it seems like they argue every day. Every night. Whenever they're both home.

I roll over to grab my phone to see what time it is. Almost two. I should have gone to bed earlier. If I had gone to bed earlier, I probably would have been asleep already and wouldn't have heard them. Now with them over there arguing I'll never get to sleep.

I consider getting up and banging on the wall, or throwing something at it. Screaming shut the hell up most normal people are trying to sleep at two am, but I won't. I don't want to upset them more than they already are. Hopefully they'll stop soon. They usually do. Then I get to listen to them fuck. Same thing nearly every night.

I wonder why people stay in relationships like that? I guess they could be happy. Maybe it works for them. I don't really know them. I talked to him briefly when I was moving in. He held the door for me while I carried some boxes in. Asked if I was the new neighbor. Then she told him to come on, pulled him away. I heard her tell him to 'never talk to that little bitch again'. Yeah she seems nice.

But really I don't know them, he could be a complete asshole.

I sigh loudly. I'll never get to sleep. I decide to get up and get back to work on what kept me up late in the first place, and it will get me out of the bedroom and away from their bedroom. Hopefully I won't be able to hear them in my living room.

I sit on the sofa and pick up some sewing I was working on. It's quiet in here. So quiet it's kind of creepy. I plan on getting up and turning on some music after I finish pinning this sleeve on, but before I get a chance to, I think I hear music. Very quiet guitar music. It gets just very slightly louder. It is guitar music, coming from next door. It's obvious that it's someone playing a guitar, not listening to music. It's nice. I wonder which one of them it is? I find myself getting sleepy. Too sleepy to sew. I grab a blanket off the end of the sofa and lay down. I drift off to sleep listening to the guitar.

Something wakes me up. A knocking, I think. I sit up. No it's quiet. Then I hear it again. Knocking. Someone is at the door. I wonder who it is? I'm not even dressed, just in my pajamas.

I get up and walk to the door. I unlock it and open it just a crack to see who it is. It's my neighbor guy.

"Mara?" I hear him ask.

What? How does he know my name?

I open the door a little more. "Yeah?"

"You are Mara. I wasn't sure that was your name. We got some of your mail," he says and hands me an envelope.

"Oh...thanks," I say and take it from him.

I look at him. I knew what he looked like from when I moved in, but I wasn't this close to him and wasn't really paying attention. Up close he's beautiful. No wonder his girlfriend keeps him on a short leash.

He's kind of small. Taller than me, but not by much. Very slight build, but his arms, his biceps are so tight!

I'm jealous of his skin, it's flawless. I really have this urge to reach up and touch one of his cheeks to feel this beautiful skin.

His eyes though, he's looking at me with these killer blue eyes. I'm not sure I've ever seen this color of blue. Him looking at me is scary, but so calming at the same time.

His perfect face is surrounded by a mess of dark brown curls. About to his shoulders. So curly, and messy. Probably hasn't seen a brush in at least a few days.

"Well sorry to bother you, looks like you weren't really up yet," he says referring to the fact that I'm still in my pajamas.

"It's okay, I had trouble sleeping last night so I guess I slept late."

"Was it because of us?" he asks.

I look at him. I feel weird saying, yeah it's because I can hear everything you do over there.

I nod my head.

"Sorry."

"It's okay, I came out to the living room and slept."

He smiles. He has a dimple. A fucking dimple on his already perfect face!

"That's where I slept too. Well in our living room," he says.

"I fell asleep listening to the most amazing guitar music. At least I think I did. Maybe I was already asleep when I heard it," I say laughing slightly.

"I was playing my guitar last night in the living room. Trying to calm down. It relaxes me," he says.

"Well it relaxed me, it put me to sleep."

"I'm glad since we woke you up in the first place. Next time just bang on the wall or something. That's what the last couple that lived here did," he says.

I nod my head. I want to ask, Can I bang on the wall when I hear you fucking too, but I don't.

"You have the most suspicious smile on your face right now, I'm afraid of what is going on in your mind," he says.

I laugh...then am embarrassed. "I should go, I'm sure you're busy," I tell him.

He sighs. "Yeah. Lisa left me a list of stuff to get done today while she's at work."

"Oh. Wow. Sorry. That sounds...um...shitty."

He shrugs his shoulders. "Yeah."

There's a loud awkward silence.

"Well..I'll let you get to that list." I hold up the letter he brought me. "Thanks for bringing me a bill."

"No problem. Yeah I better go."

He starts to walk away, turns and looks at me, smiles, then leaves.

I shut my door. Lean against it for a minute. I realize my heart is beating so fast, so loudly. I hope he couldn't hear it.

Maybe I'll just start sleeping in the living room from now on, I don't think I want to hear them fucking again. Not now that I have talked to him. That would be so awkward. And would break my heart.

Dammit I think I have a crush on my neighbor!

Always

The next couple weeks are quiet, but mostly because I do sleep in the living room. I hear him playing his guitar when I'm in there, and I find it very comforting.

I figure out she is gone all day at work, and he leaves around five for work I guess. So we're both home alone all day.

One day his playing is really loud. He's using an electric guitar today, usually it's just an acoustic. After about thirty minutes I hear him knock on the wall. "Hey Mara, is that bothering you?"

"No, it's fine. I'm enjoying it," I yell back.

"Let me know if it gets to be too much," he says.

I get back to sewing. I'm going to be selling stuff at a festival in two weeks and I need to have a bunch of stuff made. I need to sell some stuff so I can pay my bills, or I'll have to get a real job and I really really don't want to do that.

My mom would love me to get a real job, or go back to college. I did two years, hated every second of it. It's just not me. I was not meant to work in a nine to five job five days a week. I can't.

He's been playing his electric guitar for the past week, I wonder what's up?

I've considered going over and asking him, but I need to finish all my projects for the festival.

My best friend Amanda calls me.

"Hey hermit, what have you been up to?" she asks me when I answer.

"Jerk. Just sewing. I only have a week to finish everything. I have to make some money for my bills."

"Or just come back to school..."

I laugh. She would love for me to come back to college with her. "No thanks. I would rather live in a box on the corner and eat bugs than to go back to school or get an actual job."

"I know you would. And I would never let that happen, you could just move in with me."

"You're so sweet," I tell her.

"Well hopefully you'll still think that after I tell you the reason I'm calling," she says.

"Oh?"

"Yeah. I uh...I can't take you to the festival. I can meet you there after it starts to help you, and bring you home, but I have to work in the morning," she says.

"Oh," I say disappointed.

"Do you think you can find a ride?" she asks.

"I guess all I can do is try. I'm sure it will be fine."

"I feel like shit you know," she says.

"Don't."

"I always do this don't I?" she says.

"Yeah, but I'll figure it out."

"Let me know if you can't and I'll try to switch shifts or something. Find you a ride if you can't find one," she says.

I call a couple other friends to see what they're doing next Saturday at eight am, but no one else seems to want to get up that early.

I go to the festival website, maybe I'll just cancel. I wonder if I would get my registration fee back? Probably not.

Looking around the website to find out if I can, I see a need a ride/find a ride section. I click on it. I skim through the ads offering rides, doesn't seem like anyone near me.

I decide to put up an ad, nothing to lose really.

'Looking for a ride Saturday morning. I just need a ride there, I have a ride home. 

It will be just me but I have four large boxes.

I live right off Main St, by the farmer's market.

I can pay for gas.

Text me.'

I add my phone number.

Hopefully someone replies. Someone not weird.

I get a couple texts from creepy guys, asking for pictures of me. I just delete them without replying.

The next day I get a promising text though.

'Hey I live in that area too. What time are you looking at leaving in the morning?'

I reply.

'Pretty early, like eightish. I'm selling stuff and have to have time to set up.'

'Oh wow, that's early. I wasn't planning on going that early, but maybe I could take you then if you want. Where do you live exactly?' they ask.

I'm not sure I want to tell this person I don't even know.

'Off Main, by the farmer's market' I reply.

'Well I got that from your ad. I live around there too, just wondering how close you are.'

'On Central. 411 Central' I reply. I figure I won't tell them what apartment, just the address.

'Wait...what? That's where I live. Mara?'

Who is this? How do they know my name?

'Who is this?' I ask.

'Eddie. Mara is that you? I'm your neighbor. Play guitar. Wake you up. Keep you entertained' he says.

Eddie. I never knew his name.

'Are you busy? I can just come over and we can talk about this' he says.

'Ok.'

He's knocking on the door about thirty seconds later.

I open the door.

"Can I come in?" he asks.

I nod my head. I hold the door open.

"So how crazy is this?" he asks.

"Pretty funny. Were you really going to go to the festival?" I ask him.

"Yeah I'm playing there. Well my band is. Not at eight in the morning though," he says.

"Yeah. I can try to find someone else. Someone going early," I tell him.

"No, it's fine. I'd probably be up anyway, I haven't been sleeping well lately. I'll take you. I can stay and help you set up too."

"Are you sure? I don't want to make you have to get up early if you're going to be there late," I say.

"Let me do it, please. I feel like I owe you for being the worst neighbor," he says.

I shake my head. "You're not the worst neighbor."

"Is it Lisa?" he asks.

I shake my head, shrug my shoulders since I have no clue who Lisa is.

"My girlfriend."

"Oh...well. Um...I better not say," I tell him.

He nods his head. "Yeah."

"So um...you have a ride home?" he asks.

"Yeah. My friend is coming up there. She was supposed to be bringing me too, but has to work, So you're playing at the festival?"

"Yep. I haven't played in front of anyone in a long time, I'm kind of nervous," he says.

"You play for me almost every day."

He smiles. "Yeah I guess I do. How am I?"

"Amazing."

He laughs.

"Really. You're good. I wish I could see you play."

"Come over one day, I can give you a private show," he says smiling.

I can't tell if he's just being nice, or a nasty asshole.

"Maybe. But what would Lisa say?"

He shakes his head. "Do you really want to know?"

"Nope. Anyway...so I guess Saturday at eight, do you want to just come over?"

"Yeah. But if I'm not here, or you don't hear anything from next door by ten after, call me. You have my number now."

I smile. Yeah I do.

"I better go. I want to practice, and I have some stuff I'm supposed to get done."

"Okay. Um...I guess if you change your mind or anything, text me. I would say call, but I really hate the phone and rarely answer it."

"I won't change my mind."

I hear him leave a little while later. He's gone for about an hour. Right back to playing soon after he gets home.

He plays a couple songs. He is really good. I wonder why he doesn't play when Lisa is home? I would love to have a boyfriend that played guitar for me. I'm finding it hard to not hate her. So far she just seems like a bitch.

Maybe one night I'll take some wine or something over there, introduce myself.

Maybe after the festival when I actually have some money.

I don't sleep well Thursday night. I know I'm nervous. Tomorrow is the last day to have everything ready. I've finished everything I wanted to make, so I'll just check everything over as I pack. If I have time I might start some new things.

I lay on the sofa and try to sleep, but I can't. I start to look for a movie to watch, but then I hear Eddie playing guitar. Then my phone rings. I pick it up to see who would text me after midnight.

'Let me know if I'm bothering you. I just wanted to work on a couple songs.'

Eddie. I smile. I reply to him.

'It's fine. I can't sleep. But maybe you can put me to sleep.'

'Can I tell you something stupid?' he asks.

'Sure.'

'I don't think I can. I feel really stupid.'

'You're not stupid, but you don't have to tell me if you don't feel comfortable' I tell him even though now I am dying to know what he's talking about.

'Thanks. Lisa always calls me stupid' he says.

'That's not very nice. Maybe one day you'll feel comfortable enough to tell me. I can wait' I say.

"Thanks. It's just dumb maybe. There's a song I play at night. I don't know if you've ever heard of it before. I play it for you. It's called Dream A Little Dream. I sing it too, but you probably can't hear me' he says.

He sings me a song at night!

'That's so amazingly nice. Beyond sweet. I don't know what to say' I tell him.

'You don't think it's dumb?'

'No. Not at all.'

'Maybe one day I can sing it to you, play for you. I'm going to play it now, so close your eyes, and try to sleep. Good night' he says.

I hear him start to play. I listen as hard as I can, and I can very faintly hear him singing. I fall asleep quickly, with a huge smile on my lips.

I think I wake up smiling. I think maybe I dreamed everything so I pick up my phone to read my texts, It's all there.

I smile all day. While I'm checking over everything I've made. While I pack. While I shower.

After I eat lunch I hear him playing guitar. He's probably nervous about tomorrow.

I send him a text about an hour later.

'You sound amazing. I wish I could come see you play tomorrow.'

'Would I be a horrible person if I backed out? I'm sure my friends would hate me, but I don't know if I can do this' he says.

'You can't back out now. And you have no reason to! You play beautifully. You'll be fine.'

He's back to practicing. I listen for awhile. I wish I could go watch him play tomorrow. Maybe I can sneak away for a song.

I hear her come home. No more guitar now. She must not like it or something, because when she's home I only hear it really late, after they fight.

She starts screaming at him right away. I can't make out what she's saying until I hear her say 'You're so fucking stupid, why are you so stupid. Then something about his fucking guitar. He screams to not touch his guitar. More screaming. Some loud noises like someone is throwing something.

I wonder if I should ever call the police? I don't think either one of them is hurting the other, but this is still not right.

"Fuck you," I hear him scream, then the door slam. I hear him walking, he pauses by my door for a few seconds, then starts walking away. I run to my door, open it, he stops and looks back at me, he's upset. His eyes are red and full of tears.

I hold a hand out to him. He smiles, he walks towards me. I open the door and let him in.

Sometimes

I wrap my arms around him. I just hold him while he cries for a few minutes.

"I'm sorry. I'm stupid. I should leave," he keeps saying.

"You're not stupid. Don't say that again. And stay here. At least for awhile."

I rub his back. I want to comfort him, but I am a horrible person and am so attracted to this troubled little man.

He has his head on my shoulder, I lay my head on his. My nose in his curls, so close to his neck. I inhale deeply. He smells delicious.

He has his arms around me. This feels perfect. How can it feel perfect, I don't really know him.

He lifts his head up. Looks at me. He smiles. He reaches a hand up and touches my cheek. Rubs his thumb across my lips, then moves his hand to the back of my neck. He caresses my neck, always looking at me. Those blue eyes piercing my eyes.

He leans close and kisses me on the lips. The softest sweetest kiss I've ever had. He stops for a minute. His lips are just out of reach. They're right there, right by mine, I can feel his breath, but can't feel his touch.

"Thanks," he says so quietly, then his lips are back on mine.

This kiss is different. Open mouth, I feel his tongue lick my lips, then teasing my tongue.

I kiss back. I play with his tongue with mine.

He pulls me closer to him. His arms holding me so tight.

He takes his mouth away from mine. At first I'm sad, I wonder if I did something wrong. Maybe he didn't want my tongue playing with his. Then he starts kissing my neck. His nose nuzzles my ear. He reaches down and grabs the bottom of my tee shirt. He stops kissing my neck only long enough to take my shirt off of me, then his off of him.

His naked chest against mine feels so nice. He's so warm.

I reach my hands up and play with his curls. Twist some around my fingers.

He gently touches my boobs, his thumbs stroke my nipples a few times, then I feel his hands slide down my side to my waist, then my hips, he caresses my butt.

I feel him sliding my pajama pants and underwear down. I let him take them off.

He stands back up, looks at me. He smiles.

What am I doing? I can't do this. I start to say something. He puts his finger on my lips, shakes his head. "Shhh it's fine. Everything is fine," he says.

He unfastens his shorts, they fall down to his ankles. He steps out of them. He has nothing on under them.

I've seen a few guys naked before, but never a beautiful perfect little body like the one standing in front of me right now. Every part of him is simply perfect. From his messy curls, to his little bare feet, and yes including his very hard cock.

I've seen a couple ugly ones, his isn't. It's beautiful. Never thought I would say that about anyone, but he has a beautiful cock.

He holds one of his hands out to me, I look at him, what am I doing? He smiles at me, leans close and softly kisses me. I take his hand. He leads me over to the sofa. We kiss.

I sit down on the sofa, then lay back. He lays with me. He kisses me, then kisses one of my nipples. Sucks on it.

I reach up and touch his shoulders. He's so tan. His bronze skin has a smattering of freckles across his shoulders. I run my fingers across them a few times, then down to the small of his back.

He moves more on top of me. I spread my legs apart so he can get in between them.

His hips raise off of me, he reaches down and guides his cock into me. He thrusts in hard. I gasp. Then I'm afraid she can hear us next door. What the fuck am I doing? Why would I let him fuck me? This is just revenge sex. He'll fuck me, go back to her later. Why would I let him use me like this? I should push him off of me and onto the floor.

I won't. I can't. I feel like I owe this to him and I have no idea why. I'll let him finish. This is obviously what he needs right now.

He's starting to breathe harder, faster. His mouth is right by my ear, very lightly touching my ear with each thrust.

He makes the saddest little sound when he cums. Almost a whimper. He lays still on me for a few seconds, then he sits up by my feet.
