 I admit it I am a male slut. Now I know women are generally called sluts but since there is no male equivalent I will take ownership of the word. Now some people have called me a freak but to me freaks do freaky things, I don't do freaky things--generally, basically I just love to fuck, unashamedly, unabashedly and without any regrets. To me there is nothing better in the world than pussy and Ive tried to sample it as often as possible and from as many varied sources as is humanly possible. 

As a male slut, I believe that I should not only derive pleasure from the beautiful women that I encounter but reciprocate and treat them to orgasmic bliss. I am not a "I got mine, you get yours" kind of guy, no, I am more of a "let's get ours together in whatever way turns us on" kind of guy. So bottom line - that makes me a toes-sucking, pussy-eating, ass-licking, finger-sucking, fucking-all-night kind of guy. But that's ok because I get turned on as much eating a pussy as I do getting my dick sucked if not more.

I find it hard to not approach women to see if the opportunity may present itself for a chance encounter or a long weekend. Now I have been rejected more often than I care to admit but since I approach the women in a good spirit the rejections are usually done in the same manner, which is cool. I occasionally get the "I wouldn't fuck you if you were the last man on the planet" rejections but those are very rare, still rejection is rejection so you move on and find someone who is willing to partake in an evening of fun and frolic with you.

The best part of being a male slut is that the variety of beautiful woman you run across and how often they will surprise you. Take Daisy for instance, a slender girl who was real shy and hid her beauty behind thick glasses. When I approached her she didn't know how to respond, when we were alone her nervousness was quite evident and we began to kiss, she seemed very reluctant. At one point I was about to call it a night when she looked me in the eyes and said, "Can I suck your dick?"

Taken aback I hesitated to answer. She quickly apologized for being so forward and started to leave. I put my hand on her shoulder and said "There is nothing in the world I would like more right now than for you to suck my dick. Matter of fact, I would be greatly honored." Then I did a little bow.

She smiled and undid my belt, reached in and pulled out my now very hard dick.

She went straight to work on sucking it, and her technique was flawless. I was very impressed and very turned on. I was more than turned on; she was doing shit with her mouth that I didnt think was possible. 

"Damn Daisy, this feels good." She didn't respond it was like she was possessed. She was going to make me cum no matter what. She was deep throating me and licking my balls at the same time. She was incredible. 

I lifted her head up and stopped her midway through, "Wait hold on, you are going to make me cum."

She looked quizzical and then said, "Well that's the point."

"I know that but we need to look at the big picture."

"The big picture?" she said a bit confused.

"Yes, the big picture. This right here is fun and is fleetingly exciting but if we work together we can cum all night and really experience pleasure."

"But I just like to suck dick" she said to me as she held my dick in her hand.

So you don't like to get your pussy eaten, you don't like to get fucked.

"No, I suck a guys dick, I rub my clit and I cum and he cums." she said defiantly,"Besides most guys don't know how to fuck anyway."

I felt a challenge coming on, "Well I tell you what you do it your way, then you let me do it my way. You compare the two, if your way is better I'll concede the point."

"Ok, but what do I get out of it, you get pussy and your dick sucked if I'm right I get another lousy fuck. I need to get something more out of it, she said to me. Her point was valid but I sat incredulously thinking I am having a high level negotiation for some pussy and she ain't even my type.

"Well what do you want?" I said because I was getting tired of going round and round with her. 

"I don't know but if I am right you have to give me whatever I want."

"Within reason.." I added.

Deal. Within reason" she concurred and so it began.



I took her by the hand and headed for the showers. I set the water on semi boil and let her ease some of her obvious tension away under the hot water. I scrubbed her down with a loofah and shampooed her hair. I massaged her shoulders in the warm water. Then I turned her around and began to kiss her.

We said nothing but I could tell she was enjoying the attention and I used the warm water as prelude to what I would do next.

I pushed her back on to the cool tile of the shower's wall and then I started to move my hand between her legs. The difference in the wetness of the water and her own natural wetness was quite evident. I took my finger and eased into her. It smoothly entered her, as I did this she grabbed my head and pulled me towards her for a very passionate kiss. I kept working my finger in and out of her. My dick was fully erect and I wanted to fuck her so bad but I had to hold off a few more minutes. 

As I slid two and then three fingers into her, she pushed her pelvis towards them as if trying to engulf them with pussy power alone. I could tell she was holding back, not letting go on purpose. 

I whispered to her, "Are you going to deny yourself pleasure because of a stupid bet?"

I then shifted my hand so my fingers were still in her but my thumb was on her clit. I began kissing her neck, shoulders, and face while manipulating her clit. She put her fingernails into my shoulders trying to hold on and hold back. But she was fighting a losing battle. 

I whispered to her again, "I want you so bad. I want to put my big dick in you. I want to touch you where no man has touched you before." 

"Uhhhh" she groaned as she gripped tighter unto my shoulders. I loved the pain she was inflicting because I knew she was close to cumming. I decided to fuck her right then. 

"This dick is all yours baby" I pulled out my finger and replace them with my rock hard dick. 

"Oh god" and she spread her legs wider while I gained leverage to fuck her harder against the bathroom wall. 

Her pussy was tight and very wet. I knew I was going to enjoy this fuck. I reached down and grabbed her ass and gripping it as I fucked her harder.

"Oh baby you like this tight pussy. It all yours baby, this pussy is all yours." 

I lifted her leg up to get in even deeper. She gasped out loud as I seemed to hit bottom. "Damn, this dick is big" she said to no one in particular.

As I fucked her I started adjusting positions to make sure I hit every spot my hips circling as I stroked in and out. The tightness of it was extraordinary. I couldn't believe how much it was turning me on. 

Because my fingers were so wet I chanced sticking my finger in her ass while fucking her. As soon as I did, she began to scream that she was going to cum. I was finger fucking her ass and fucking her pussy at the same pace-fast. 

"Oh God help me , I can't stand no more," and with that she went limp in my arms as she held onto my shoulders. I lifted both legs up and kept fucking her against the wall until I felt myself spasming all over. 

"Damn bitch you making me fucking cum...Shit" I began to lose strength in my legs and arms I was afraid I would drop her. 

So I slid down onto the shower floor with her firmly attached to my dick. 

She grabbed me and kissed me as I laid there and watched her in the afterglow of post orgasmic bliss.

"So did I win or not?" I said to her fully knowing the answer.

"Well we both won" she said.

"I don't understand?", I said as I tried to figure out how she was going to try to wiggle out acknowledging my talents.

"Ok you were right," I enjoyed it thoroughly but I also was able to lose my virginity and cum at the same time. Something most women never experience.



"Virgin?, you never said anything about being a virgin." Damn I don't do virgins. This is bullshit.

"If I had told you, you would have patted me on my head and sent me on my way or you would have made such a big deal out of it that you would not have fucked me the way I heard you fuck women."

"Listen," she continued " I wanted someone like you who knew there way around a pussy not some little boy groping and guessing and making my first time miserable. I waited longer than most women but when I decided to do it I knew it would be you, the only issue was how. So I went straight to your male ego and set up a challenge that I knew you would take in a second. So therefore you won and I won."

With that she eased herself up and got out of the bathtub. "I have to run but you are truly incredible." and with that she kissed me and walked out of the bathroom. A few minutes later I heard the front door close.

I sat in the tub and began thinking, Damn I just got played. Then I smiled because I did get played but I did win the bet...

Damn I am good.

~fin