 I was at the fitness center using the rowing machine when I first saw him. I watched his long, tanned, muscular legs as he ran on the treadmill. My eyes traveled up to his ass and lingered for a moment as it moved rhythmically with his jogging, before moving up to his broad shoulders and muscular biceps. I was enjoying the view of his backside when he stopped the machine and turned, giving me a glimpse of his expansive chest and his amazing face. I noticed his firm jaw, sharp nose and dark deep-set eyes--eyes that were now looking back at me. He had caught me checking him out. He smiled slightly and then moved to the weights. On a scale of one to ten, this guy was a twenty.

I watched as his biceps bulged and strained each time he pushed the weights up over his chest. His shirt was drenched with sweat and clinging to him. I imagined taking that shirt off of him and running my hands all over his pecs and abs. My mouth would follow closely behind my fingers, lightly skimming and caressing. I could almost feel the touch of his skin against mine. 

He sat up and looked my way, catching me watching him again. He began walking towards me, our eyes locked in silent flirtation. He took the machine next to mine without a word and began rowing at a steady pace. We rode silently side by side, watching as the gym gradually emptied of people. It was almost closing time and we soon had the gym almost all to ourselves. We got into a rhythm together and rowed at the same pace for a while. I looked over at him as he looked at me. His stroke matched mine and we stared into each other's eyes, rowing, rowing, rowing. Our movement, the motion, our eyes locked, being in synch as we were, was very erotic.

I didn't want to stop before he did, but finally he slowed and came to a stop and so did I. He got up and offered me a hand up. As our hands touched I looked into his eyes and saw the same heat that I was feeling. 

"Have you ever tried the inversion table?" he asked me.

"Not yet, can you show me?" I answered, out of breath.

He positioned me on my back with my feet facing up. He maneuvered the table so that my head was almost on the ground. I could feel the muscles stretching in my back. Even though I was looking at him upside down I could see him looking at my body from head to toe. He gently allowed the table to come up so that my head was level with his. He brought his mouth down on mine and my whole body felt electrified. We explored each other's mouths in a deep kiss, ignoring the stares of the few other people who were still working out. His hands began traveling up my shirt. I could feel the sweat drip between my breasts. I pulled away a little and told him that I needed to take a shower. 

"I think you're sexy as hell all sweaty like that, but we can take a shower if you want."

What? Did I hear him right? My mind was still reeling from the kiss so I must not have. We weren't alone in the center--he couldn't have meant "we" could take a shower—as in together. He took my hand and led me to the men's locker room. I didn't even know this man's name and he was taking me into a shower where others would surely see us. He chuckled when he saw my face.

"By my count, there are only two men left in the gym. Don't look so worried. We'll be fine. No one's in here right now." 

He stopped at his locker and as he pulled out soap, shampoo and two towels, I questioned my sanity. But before I could come to my senses, he pushed me into a shower stall and pulled my shirt off over my head. Not to be out done, I pulled his off as well. We quickly dispensed of our other clothes, hungrily taking in each other's naked bodies. He was hard all over, and I do mean all over. He had blond hair in the middle of his chest, and down lower. His legs were long and muscular but not overly so. His shoulders and arms were huge and brawny. My eyes were very happy puppies.

He turned on the water and as warm water beat down on us we were kissing again. The waterspout gave a quick spurt of cold water and I yelped and held him tighter. Our kiss grew deeper and more intense. Soon he was kissing down my neck, down the middle of my chest and over to a nipple. His mouth felt so good sucking and licking while his hand played with my other nipple. He straightened, put some shampoo in my hair and began lathering and rubbing it into my hair. The feel of his naked body against mine while he massaged my head and washed my hair was so seductive. I wrapped my leg around his and began exploring his backside. 

Before I knew it there was soap everywhere and we were rubbing and kissing and laughing under the warm water. Our hands easily glided over each other's soapy bodies, my hands lingering on his hard, hairy chest and his hands slipping and sliding over my breasts. I ventured down to his hard cock and my hands slid over his ass and dick, reveling in the feel of his skin. His soapy hand washed between my legs. My hand mimicked his, as we stared into each other's eyes. We were both getting more and more excited when I heard someone open a locker. I stopped rubbing but he told me to keep going. 

"They won't know we're both in here," he told me as two of his fingers entered me. 

He put his hands under my ass and pulled my legs up and I wrapped them around his waist. He pushed me against the side of the shower and in one quick move he was inside me. He was kissing me while he rammed into me harder and harder, his hands holding and squeezing my ass. I wanted to moan but was afraid to make a sound. The other person in the locker room had gone into the shower stall next to ours. I clung to him and felt him go in and out of me.

Someone flushed a toilet and a burst of hot water poured down on us. I squeezed my legs harder around him and he pushed up into me deeper and harder. As he came he gently bit down on my shoulder to muffle his moans. 

We quickly washed off and quietly put the towels around our bodies and crept out of the locker room. I was almost out the door when I looked back and saw someone coming out of a stall. He cocked an eyebrow and smiled as I hurried out of the room. 

My handsome stranger led me into the sauna room, which was thankfully deserted. He took both of our towels off of us and laid them on the bench. He motioned for me to lie down on the towels. 

"We have some unfinished business to take care of. It's your turn to come now." 

He bent down to kiss me as the steam poured out around us. He kissed his way down my body, setting me on fire. I felt his tongue lightly lick my pussy. His hands were squeezing my tits and playing with my nipples. I wanted more pressure but he kept his mouth light and teasingly licked all around me making me frantic for more. I was writhing and moaning and pushing myself into his face. He started rubbing my clit as his mouth licked and sucked harder. I felt his tongue inside me and he brought me to orgasm with his fingers and his mouth working wonders. 

I lay there panting and exhausted while his hands continued to explore my body. I could feel his eyes watching me come down from the orgasm and when he put his thumb on my clit and twisted a nipple again I came in another sweet burst.

We had just pulled our towels back around us when someone stuck his head into the sauna. I wondered if my face gave me away and I looked at my mystery man wondering what I should do now. The person told us that the fitness center was about to close and we had about five minutes to get dressed and out the door. We assured him that we would be out in time and he left with a chuckle and a smirk.

"Stay here—I'll be right back," my blond mystery man instructed.

I didn't know where he was going but my body was so rubbery and relaxed that I didn't have the energy to argue. I leaned back and enjoyed the steam and the relaxed, contented feeling of my whole body. The next thing I knew I was being kissed awake. My mystery man was back, naked, and he was taking the towel off of me as well. 

"We need to get going," I told him, trying to sit up. 

"I gave the guy a generous tip to forget that we're here. He locked up and we have the place to ourselves." He was smiling wickedly.

"I think it's time for another work out." He raised both eyebrows up and down in a suggestive manner.

He led me naked through the gym back to the inversion table. The lights were mostly out now but I could see well enough to ogle his fantastic ass. This time he lay down on the table, saying, "I had an idea when you were on this a little while ago."

He quickly brought the table so that his head could fit nicely between my legs. He pulled me forward until my mouth was level with his dick. We began licking and sucking each other. His cock was thick and long, I couldn't take all of him in my mouth although I tried. My hand worked the bottom part of his dick while my mouth did all that it could to make him happy. From the sounds he was making, I was succeeding. 

His tongue was teasing my lips again and he used his thumbs to spread them so his tongue could go deeper into me. He rubbed my clit, sending delightful little shivers down my body. We stayed like this, a new twist on the sixty-nine position, until he couldn't stand it any longer. 

Without a word, he led me to the massage room and motioned for me to lie down on a table. He began massaging my shoulders pressing on all of the right places. His thumbs rotated over the muscles and then his fingers lightly walked down my spine. He rubbed my lower back while he kissed my ass. His hands went lower and kneaded my cheeks, followed by my thighs. He kissed and rubbed his way down my legs and back up. Every muscle in my body was relaxed. His hands came up to my shoulders again and then up into my hair, massaging gently. His touch was electric. 

He climbed on the table and lay on top of me. I felt his dick between my legs and began pushing my ass up towards him. He ran his hands down my arms and back up and then he tugged my shoulders and helped me turn over. His hands found my breasts and he massaged them thoroughly first while his tongue explored my mouth. Then he kissed and sucked and licked my breasts, driving me wild. 

I couldn't stand it any longer. I had to have him inside me. I pulled him up to me, wrapped my legs around his ass and guided his dick into me. He pushed in half way, kissed me hard, and then pushed all the way in. He was bigger than I was used to and I could feel every inch of him. We were both so ready it didn't take more than a few hard and fast pumps until we were both over the edge and moaning our pleasure. He let out a low grunt while he pumped and filled me. I moaned and gasped and came in a burst of spasms. 

We lay exhausted on the massage table, wrapped in each other's arms. His arms were under me, cradling my back. His hands were gripping my shoulders. I let my foot explore his ass while my hands rubbed up and down his back. Finally, we got reluctantly off of the table. 

As I was opening the door, he said, "You know what? I think it's time for another shower." And he chased me through the fitness center back to the men's showers.