 I was what I really never thought I wanted to be... a soccer mom. And to my great disdain, I even looked like it today. I was wearing mom jeans. Mom jeans. And as usual, my hands are holding my camera, because you know, I just might miss a cute picture of my daughter as she ran down the field waving at me as she goes by. For the record, my pride would have required that I look better than this on a weekday, but it was a Saturday game, so mom jeans were acceptable. I heard the other moms chattering beside me, but, as usual, I don't join in much, I am after all what many of them pity or scorn, a working mom. I don't join in their discussions very often, but I listen a lot. I was half listening as I stood up and walked towards the field with my camera.

I heard them talking about the new girl on the team, or rather her dad. I looked through my camera and snapped Meghan's picture, the new girl needs her picture taken too, I thought as I fanned the field looking for my daughter again. Then I saw him. I dropped the camera to my side and said "Who is that?" I thought it was under my breath and no one heard me until I heard Jasmine's mom say, "Hon, have you not been listening? That's Meghan's dad, and he is capital H HOT, right?"

"Girl, you know it," giggled Emma's mom. 

"Yeah, this is the first game he's been to, I would have noticed, you know, I love older men," sighed Alex's mom.

"From what I hear, his other kids are older, Meghan was a surprise baby," said Jamie's mom.

"Hmm," I said as I raised my camera back up and slid my now more magnified view over to this new dad to the team. He was tall, easily 6'2" with distinguished features, gray, or maybe white hair, it was hard to tell in the light, glasses and that's when I realized that he'd caught me looking at him. I blushed and went back to taking pictures of the team as they chased each other up and down the field. I really didn't mean to walk towards where he stood at the end of the field. Or, at least I didn't think I meant to. I was just chasing a better shot of the kids playing, getting closer to the goal... I looked up when I felt myself step into the shade. It wasn't until then that I realized that I'd walked all the way to the other end of the field where the park ended and the woods began. 

"Team photographer?" he asked.

"Hmm? Umm, well, of sorts I guess. I'll make a slide show of pictures for the team party at the end of the season, does that count?" I said as I looked up into ice blue eyes and shivered despite the heat of the day.

"It's a little cooler over here in the shade," he offered, but I was lost for a moment.

"What?" I asked.

"You shivered, I mentioned it was cooler here in the shade, it's why I wanted to stay down here instead of out in the sun where everyone else was."

"Oh, yeah, right, good thinking," I was catching up now. "I thought maybe you just didn't want to get mobbed by the crazy soccer moms down there." 

"Well, there is that too," he laughed. "If you get a good picture of my Meghan, I'd love a copy, if you don't mind sharing your masterpieces. By the way, we haven't actually met, I'm Meghan's dad, er, I mean, I'm John." 

"Oh, right, I'm Stacey, also known as Abigail's mom," but my words drifted away as he reached to shake my hand. His hand completely covered mine, and he rubbed his thumb very lightly across my palm, just enough to make me shiver again. I shook myself out of my daze, surely I was imagining things, "I'd be happy to e-mail you any pictures I get, not that they are masterpieces, but I'll send them to you, by e-mail?"

"That would be great," he reached into his pocket and handed me a business card and when he handed it to me, again, his finger lingered just a little longer than necessary in my palm and my pulse quickened. 

I must be losing my mind, I thought, just as a round of applause went up from the other end of the field. I spun on my heel, and turned to see what I'd missed. Then I felt his breath near my neck as he whispered at my ear, "I'd love to hear from you anyway," and his hand, which he'd rested on my hip when he leaned in to whisper, slid to my ass, "I'd like to get to know you a lot better." 

"What..." I stammered as I slapped at his hand, and looked quickly at the other spectators to make sure no one saw. I immediately doubted my own intentions, I hadn't really slapped his hand away with purpose and despite myself, I turned to grin at him. 

The eyes that I thought were icy just a few moments before now burned into mine, and I shivered once again. "Umm, I'd better go, looks like the game's over," and I hurried back to where I had been sitting to gather my stuff and go home.

"Ooh, you talked to him" "What's he like?" "What did you talk about?" "Is he even hotter up close?" The mommy brigade attacked me with questions that I tried to answer quickly so I could escape to the safety of my car where I could sort my thoughts. 

I e-mailed the picture that I took of Meghan to him the next Monday after the game, got a brief "Thanks" in return, and pushed the entire experience out of my head, well, mostly out. That is until the next game Friday afternoon. I came straight from work, and I was running late. I was hurrying across the parking lot, but when I stopped at the grass to pull my heels off, I lost my balance and probably would have fallen on my ass if a hand wouldn't have wrapped itself around my hip and righted me. I finished slipping my heels off and smoothed my skirt down before I looked up to see who my hero had been. 

"Thank you, oh, umm, hi" I said as I looked up again into those eyes, and I swear, they were burning hotter now. 

"I didn't think you could look better than you did the other day in the mom uniform, but I stand corrected," he said as he let go of my hip and continued to the field.

Even in the hot sun, my hip felt almost cold when he moved his hand, I didn't even realize how hot the contact was until it was gone. I shook my head, completely unsure of my reaction to him, and his playful banter at the soccer field and then his relative silence over e-mail. My pulse was racing, and I realized my panties were wet. 

I took up my station with the other moms and enjoyed the game, but made sure I stayed in my chair the entire time, I couldn't risk another run in, I wasn't sure I could hide how flustered he made me. After the game we went straight to the car and headed home. I tried really hard not to think about him. It almost worked, until the next day, another Saturday soccer game.

I chose a little more carefully this time, no mom jeans for me today, I opted for shorts that while they weren't obscene, they certainly accentuated my ass and made my legs look longer. A tank top in the teams' colors and I thought I looked like a good soccer mom... maybe a slightly hotter soccer mom. I laughed at myself as I loaded up the cooler of juice boxes into my SUV.

At the game, he sat closer to the rest of the parents, and every time he cheered or called out encouragement to the team, my neck would itch in the most frustrating way. His voice alone had me wiggling in my seat. Damn him, he had to know what he was doing to me. This was absurd. I stood up quickly, enough to surprise Jasmine's mom beside me.

"Where are you going?" she asked.

"Umm, I left the cooler of drinks in the car, I'm going to go get them before the game's over." She turned her attention back to the game and dismissed me. 

I was walking past him when he stood and said, "I'll help you grab the cooler"

"That's ok, it's not that heavy," I protested, I was, after all trying to get away from him and his damnable eyes, and smooth voice, and big, hot hands, and... well, away from him in general.

"I insist" and he slid his hand to the base of my back and pushed me a little.

"Ok, you can carry it if you want to," and I took off briskly towards the parking lot. 

When I opened the cargo door to my truck, and leaned in to get the cooler, I felt him step right behind me. His hand once again found my hip, but this time he pulled me back against him, enough to feel how hard he was beneath his khaki shorts. I sucked in a breath and stood up so that my back was pressed just as close against his chest. He reached as if he were grabbing the cooler, but it only let his other hand slide to my ass as he whispered in my ear, "I intend to find out if it tastes as good as it looks." 

I sighed and leaned back against him, pushing my ass against his hard dick before a single thought could cross my mind, then I pulled away, handed him the cooler, "You, I, umm, we shouldn't, I mean..." 

"We really should get this over to the field, the game just ended," he said, so flippantly as if he had been discussing the weather not pressing his dick against my ass and suggesting... nevermind what he'd been suggesting, I shook my head and determined AGAIN to stop thinking about him. 

This time it was him who e-mailed me on Monday, "Sorry I was short last week, work was crazy, busy for lunch today?"

I stared at the screen for twenty minutes trying to decide what to say, I wanted to go, but I was trying to forget the whole Saturday incident ever happened. I started to respond a dozen times, but couldn't figure out what I wanted to say. Just as I was about to tell him I shouldn't, my inbox chimed and I saw another message from him. "Daphne's, at 11, I'll be there, and I'll be disappointed if you don't show up."

Damn him... he wasn't waiting on me to respond, and I'd feel bad now if I didn't go. I minimized my e-mail and tried to go back to work. My head was working, but my pussy was starting to twitch just thinking about him. Again, I determined I wasn't going to go, it just wasn't right, when my inbox chimed again. I looked at the time, 10:30, I had just enough time to leave and make it there by 11. I opened my inbox and read, "please don't disappoint me, it would ruin my day."

I grabbed my keys and purse and shaking my head all the way, walked to my truck and found myself parking at Daphne's before I could talk myself out of it again.

I opened the door and stepped into the dimly lit restaurant trying to allow my eyes time to adjust, I scanned the crowded dining room, looking for that now familiar face. As if on command, my neck started to itch just before I felt his hand low on my hip and his mustache tickle my ear, "You look good enough to eat, I think I'll have you for dessert."

I could barely walk as the waitress led us to a tight corner booth and handed us menus. He reached out and tucked a strand of hair behind my ear, "I meant it, I want you for dessert. Maybe not today, but soon, I want you, and I intend to have you, you'll just have to tell me when. I knew you wouldn't disappoint me today, and trust me, I won't disappoint you later."

I wanted to cry in either frustration or relief when the waitress came to take our order, he turned to me, and as if the previous conversation hadn't happened, asked me about my work, about the team, about Abigail, about everything under the sun. His charm, dry humor and wit had me laughing with feeling, leaning in closer to him, and hanging on his every word. When he told me I should be proud of myself for accomplishing what I had at work at such a young age, I giggled, not used to being thought of as young, "I'm not that young, you can't be more than 10 years older than me," I said as I blushed.

"Try 15, hon," he countered.

"Still, I'm not that young."

"Mmm, you're cute when you giggle, even cuter when you blush, and don't get all bristled – me calling you cute is not an insult. I wonder, if you blush like that when you are all hot, bothered and trembling on the verge of a good orgasm," which, of course just made me blush deeper. "I think I'll find out, I think I'll find out soon, very soon. Here, take this," he said as he handed me a bag I hadn't know he'd been carrying.

I glanced in, and saw a hotel key card with the address of a nearby hotel and there was more under it, something lacy maybe? It was hard to tell, and I was too scared to pull it out to see. 

"Go on, that will get you into room 1611, put on whatever you find in that bag and I'll be there in 20 minutes, don't argue, don't think, just go."

I stood up, staggered just a little, but righted myself, gripping the bag and my purse and my keys tightly as I walked in a daze out to my truck. I sat in the seat and did what he told me not to do, I thought. I thought of the reasons why I should not go, and there were many, but I thought too of all the reasons I wanted to, all the pent up frustrations, all the wildness inside of me that I kept bottled so far inside of me no one ever got to see. I thought of how in just a few short days, he'd pulled out feelings and desires from me I never admitted even to myself that I had. When he looked at me with that heat in his eyes, I swear he was promising to do things to me I'd only ever dreamt about. He was promising to fuck me so well I'd not be able to move, and I wanted it. I wanted that abandon so bad I could taste it, so I put my key in the ignition, and drove to the hotel.

I blushed as I walked through the lobby, as if everyone in the hotel knew where I was going and what I was doing, they could see a scarlet letter on my back as I started walking towards the elevators to take me to room 1611 and whatever it held for me. I then reconsidered and turned towards the lobby bar. A glass of wine would do me a world of good, plus it gave me a little time to think, or try not to. I sat down, ordered my wine and was thankful the cute blonde bartender wasn't chatty. My entire body was electrified, the chilled wine filled my warm mouth and I could feel it run cold all the way to my stomach. It felt like someone had slid an ice cube from my throat across my chest to my stomach, and damn if that didn't just make me blush more. I shivered at the thought, more as I realized that it was John I had just fantasized about rubbing the ice down my body. I shook my head, no, this wasn't right, I couldn't be here, I couldn't be doing this, I drank the rest of my wine, and got up, fully intending to leave. As I walked to the lobby, I looked up and saw the clock on the wall in front of me. He'd be here in five minutes. And suddenly, even though I was sure I was leaving; I turned towards the elevator, pushed the button for floor 16, and leaned heavily against the wall. I couldn't believe I was doing this, but I was doing it, and I was so excited I could hardly breathe. I hurried t the room, unlocked the door and quickly closed the door behind me. Once inside I dumped the contents of the bag on the large king size bed and blushed deeper as I picked up a tightly folded fishnet something. I thought maybe it was fishnet hose until I stretched it out further and saw it was a bodysuit. I turned it around three times before my befuddled mind could make out which end was up and how the damn thing was supposed to go on. 

Glancing at the clock, I realized he'd be here any minute, so I quickly shed my clothes and pulled the fishnet body stocking up my legs and stopped to run my hand across my bare thighs, there was no crotch in it at all. I put my arms in and shivered with anticipation. I was standing in front of the mirror analyzing my reflection when I heard the lock engage and he walked in. I instinctively moved my hands to cover myself, this was still too foreign to me to accept easily. 

"You look amazing, fucking amazing," he said as he dropped another bag next to the bed and pulled me against him and skimmed his hands down my arms, then around to my ass as he dipped his head to kiss me. 

Damn, but he could kiss, his mustache tickled my lips in an unfamiliar, but completely welcome way, and before I was even aware of what he was doing, I felt him slide his hand farther down my ass until his long fingers were gliding along my pussy. I was shocked when I realized how wet I was, how excited I was, just by coming this far. He dropped his clothes quickly on the chair next to the bed and slid me onto the bed and covered me with his body. He kissed me again, and when he slid one knee between my legs and pushed my thighs open, I didn't hesitate. I hooked one leg around his hips and felt him rub his dick against my pussy. 

"You wet little slut, I bet you've never done anything done anything like this in your life, I bet you didn't even color outside the lines in Kindergarten. I bet you follow every rule, do everything you are told, don't you?"

"Yes," I whispered as I felt his dick tease my pussy, pressing against me, then easing up to rub against my clit. I would come so close to cumming, and he'd move away again to push against my very wet, very willing pussy.

"You little whore, you've just been waiting for someone like me to come along and discover what a little cock slut you are, to see the wicked little girl inside just begging to be free, you want me to fuck you, don't you? You want me to stuff my big dick into your little pussy, don't you?"

"Ye... Yea... Yes!" I sighed now frustrated as he teased me higher and higher.

"Alright then, I'll give it to you," and he did, he slid slowly but firmly forward until he was completely inside of me.

"Oh fuck," I cried out as an orgasm racked my body. My pussy stretched around his dick, never being so full, stretched so tightly, never fucked with anything that size. 

"You tight pussied little slut, you feel so good, so good, I'm gonna fuck you until you can't stand up, I'm going to fuck you until you beg me to stop, and then beg me to do it all over again." He whispered all of this against my ear as he grabbed my hips and fucked me harder and faster than I've ever been fucked before. 

My brain has shut down completely as my body convulses from one, then another orgasm, until I can't tell when one stops and the next starts. I just know my pussy is throbbing with pleasure and there is no end in sight. He bent his head and licked across one nipple that was now protruding out of the fishnet stocking. He sucked it into his mouth and teased it with his tongue and teeth until I screamed in either frustration or another even more powerful orgasm, perhaps both together. 

He flipped me over and rubbed his dick, now dripping with my juices, all over my ass, "Oh, yes, this ass, it looks even better now than it did the other day in that skirt, I've wanted touch it since the day we met."

"You did, remember?"

"No, I wanted to run my tongue along this crease right here, to learn every inch of this ass." I felt him reach towards the edge of the bed, but when I tried to turn to see what he pulled out of his bag, he turned me back around so I couldn't see, "No, you just lay there, you don't have control anymore, you will do what I say, when I say it, and you'll beg me for more." 

I started to protest, I didn't remember allowing such control over my body, and then he ran a finger down into my pussy and around and around my clit as he pressed something else into my pussy and pulled it out again. The sensation of the toy in my pussy and his finger nimbly playing with my clit had me screaming my release. Just as I started to cum, he pulled the toy out of my pussy, and now, all covered in pussy juice, he slid it quickly into my ass, and turned it on. What I first considered resisting, made my whole body shake as it not just prolonged the first orgasm, it pushed me to a second. His finger never left my clit, even as he raised my ass into the air and pushed the vibrating butt plug deeper into my ass. 

I pushed against him, fucking myself against it even as I felt him push his dick hard into my pussy. He pulled my arms together behind my back and pushed me hard into the soft mattress as he fucked me harder and harder, and slowly turned up the vibrations of the butt plug in my ass. I couldn't restrain myself as I twitched and shivered and screamed as I came harder, and more often than I ever had before in my life. I never wanted this to stop, it felt too damn good, and then he pulled his fat dick out of my now empty pussy and I grunted in protest, until he pushed me over onto my back, and with me now laying completely sideways on the bed, he wrapped my legs around his hips and started fucking me harder, faster than he had earlier. I couldn't tell where one pleasure started and another stopped, the vibrations from my ass, pressed against the mattress, and his dick slamming into my tight, wet, never used like this pussy. I felt myself being pushed farther and farther across the bed with the force of his thrusts, but I couldn't have cared less as I hung on for dear life.
