 Elena was a sapiosexual, she was sexually attracted to intelligent beings and she desperately wanted Matt to fuck her. This was something she couldn't openly admit to her friends, as they were a bunch of shallow girls, who categorized everyone on the basis of their looks. If anyone ever found out she had screwed Matt, who was one of the biggest nerds in college, she would be humiliated by the others, or worse, kicked out of the group. But she had limited self-control, and it took everything she had to not take him on the library table right there, especially when he was pretending to read, while actually checking her out. She had to come up with a smart excuse to have sex with him and also not get judged. After thinking of all the possibilities, she came up with one that would definitely work. Elena and her friends had a habit of constantly betting on things, most of which were sexual in nature. Like, who would flash a random passerby, or take a picture of the French professor while he masturbated in the classroom after everyone had left, or giving blowjobs to as many hot guys in college as possible. 

"Let's make another bet," she said to the others, "whoever screws the nerdiest guy in college, in a public place, wins!"

"Oh god, not the nerds...why can't we do it with a good looking guy?" Her friend Anna asked.

"We've already done hot guys, there's no thrill left in that. We need something different, something we haven't tried before. C'mon girls, we need to teach these boys a thing or two about sex. It'll be fun. What do you say?" She asked.

"I'm not sure..." Anna started.

"Oh shut up Anna! I like what Elena is suggesting," Becky said. She was like the leader of the group, so if she agreed to something, the others followed suit.

"Anna...haven't you ever fantasized about dominating a guy in bed? Taking away his innocence, making him do things you want, having him please you and cater to your needs? Have you ever experienced that kind of power with any of the guys you dated, who only bothered satisfying themselves?" Elena asked. Whatever doubts Anna had till now, were replaced with excitement and resolve to win the bet.

Matt was a thin average looking guy, with curly hair and a slight paunch. He was shy and rarely spoke to anyone except few of his friends. Despite that, he was very helpful to anyone who approached him for tutoring and believed in sharing his knowledge, which he had in abundance. He was a literature student and shared French class with Elena. He was also very good with computers and science; he was an expert in history and was up to date with happenings around the world. His intelligence was not just limited to books, he was also quick-witted and had great problem-solving skills.

Everyone in college knew Elena and her friends were big time sluts. If rumors were to be believed, she had banged the psychology professor a couple of times, which explained her good grades despite being average in the subject. Her current focus was to find a way to get Matt to sleep with her, she knew he loved looking at her well-developed boobs, so she had asked him for guidance twice before, and had gone braless both times with her huge tits sticking to her flimsy t-shirt. Matt had a raging hard-on looking at them while trying to concentrate on the subject. He had excused himself both times to go the washroom, for obvious reasons, and returned after 10 minutes.

There was a French movie playing in the theatre nearby which was said to be highly erotic. Elena had a plan forming in her head on how she was going to take Matt's virginity. After class that day, she had walked up to him and bent over his desk, she wore a low cut top and Matt could see her cleavage.

"There's a French movie playing nearby Matty, do you wanna go with me? I need to work on my French," she asked him seductively.

"Oh ok...yeah sure...great!" Matt stammered, not once looking away from her breasts.

She bent a little more so that he could have a good view inside her top. Matt's face reddened with embarrassment, he understood she had caught him staring and lowered herself further on purpose.

"Cool...I'll meet you tonight at 8 outside your hostel. See ya," she said, then walked away while he stared at her bouncy ass. The minute she left the class, Matt ran to the washroom to jerk off, all the while thinking about her beautiful boobs sticking out of her top.

Elena arrived at 8.15 wearing a short skirt and an off shoulder crop top, she wasn't wearing a bra and the top highlighted her bosoms and nipples. She hugged Matt, digging her boobs into his chest and planted a kiss on his cheek. He could smell her scent and his cock twitched in his pants. They walked to the theatre which was at a distance of five minutes from Matt's hostel; her arm wrapped around his.

They reached the place and bought the tickets, Elena suggested the last row in the back, in the corner seat. They walked in and took their seats, the movie was going to start in the next two minutes. Matt noticed how empty the theatre was except for the four to five couples and a few loners sitting ahead. He also noticed how Elena's short skirt moved further up when she took a seat exposing her sexy thighs. He felt a tingly feeling in his dick and pushed his legs together, hoping to avoid a boner. He didn't want her to think he was a pervert.

The movie started and it was fairly boring until half an hour later a sex scene started playing, the woman in the movie was milking the guy's cock while her tits bounced in front of his face. The scene went on for about eight more minutes and Matt was aroused, no matter how hard he tried to hide it, he couldn't. Elena sensed his discomfort and decided it was time to make her move. She slid her hands on his pants and moved it over his erection. Matt didn't know how to react so he stayed there frozen to his chair but his member responded to the movements her hands were making. She then unzipped his pants and pushed them down to his thighs, then shifted his underwear and took out his erect penis and stared at it in awe. Matt was uncircumcised, unlike most men. 

"Oohhh I've never had something like this before," Elena cooed.

She ran her hands over his shaft gently, watching his foreskin move up and down. She got on her knees in front of him, in the cramped up space between the seats. She rotated her fingers on his tip and some pre-cum oozed out of it, she licked it clean with the tip of her tongue and then holding his dick tightly, took it in her mouth as far as she could, she gagged a little but continued to suck and pump it, going a little easy on him first and then increasing her tempo. She watched him as she blew him, his nails were literally digging into the seat and his knuckles had turned white due to it. His eyes were at the back of his head like he was high on some drugs. She heard him groan. Moving on to his balls, she took each one of them into her mouth and gently sucked on them.

"Oh Matty, do you want to feel my pussy?" She asked him.

"Oh god Elena, yes!" He mumbled under his breath.

She stood up and took off her panties, stuffed them in his pocket, then picked up her skirt and placed herself on his seat, balancing herself with her knees on each of his sides. She put her fingers in her mouth, moistening them with her saliva and rubbed it on her cunt. Then she held his shaft and lowered herself on it, moaning as it went inside. She moved herself so that his dick was well adjusted inside her and began rotating her hips.

"Oh yes Matty, do you like it, honey?" She asked, which wasn't much of a question in the first place.

Matt held on to her butt and squeezed them, then holding on tightly helped her to bounce up and down his cock. Her boobs jiggled in his face and he wanted them so badly, to touch them, feel them, suck on them. He pushed her top to her waist, exposing them completely, he watched, mesmerized by their lusciousness, her hardened pink tits calling out to him. He moved his fingers gently on the areolas, not touching the nipples, teasing her.

"Take them in your mouth Matty, suck on them! I want you so bad Matty, please take them," she pleaded. Watching her beg like that turned him on even more, he gave her boobs a hard squeeze, and took the left one in his mouth, he nibbled at her tit and kissed it with his lips, then moved his tongue around it, making it wet and sucked on it like toddler drinking milk. He pinched the other tit gently and flicked it, hearing her moan. He kissed her all over the neck and made his way upwards, cupping her face in his hands and kissing her deeply. Elena had stopped riding him and relished the kiss. She loved how he took her bottom lip in his mouth and sucked at it, and then did the same with the upper lip, slowly moving his tongue inside her and exploring her mouth hungrily. She didn't want this to stop but he did, pushing her onto the next seat, getting onto his knees like she had done before.

Elena was no more in charge, she let Matt take over her completely. He licked her clit, moving his tongue in sideways movements and then up and down. His mouth latched onto it as he sucked on it and flicked it with his tongue. Her eyes were closed and she pressed her boobs and played with her nipples, enjoying the feeling. He moved his mouth to her moistened pussy and stroked her clit with his hand before pushing his tongue inside, her juices poured out and he lapped them up. Elena tried to stop herself from screaming but let out a noise. A couple ahead turned back to look and noticed what was going on. They watched for a couple of minutes and probably got turned on, because they started making out soon after.

Matt was eating her pussy like an expert, rubbing her clit with force. Elena's body was breaking into spasms and Matt knew she was going to cum. He quickly pulled her into a standing position and made her lean on the front seat, stroking his cock on her opening. Then without a warning, plunged his cock inside her, this time he kept thrusting without giving her a chance to adjust. He was getting rough with her, she was surprised in the beginning but the feeling quickly turned to pleasure. He held her by the waist and kept pounding into her as their sweaty bodies slapped against each other. She rubbed her clit and felt her orgasm build up, but before she could, she felt his hot cum fill her insides. He realized she wasn't done yet so he sat down on the seat; spread her legs and rammed his tongue into her harder and faster. A minute later she climaxed, her liquids all over his face.

He leaned back, completely tired, she sat on his lap and gave him a smooch. The movie had almost ended, she took a napkin from her purse and wiped his face clean. They both adjusted their clothes and sat back in their seats, recovering from their sexual encounter. When the end credits started rolling they walked out, his hand on her waist, her body close to his.

"Where did you learn to do that Matty?" Elena asked, as they were reaching back to the hostel.

"Mostly porn, I hope you liked it," he said.

"I loved it, we should do it again sometime," she said with a wink. She pulled him closer and kissed him on the lips, he kissed her back, his hands squeezing her butt, their tongues at war inside each other's mouths, exchanging saliva. He moved down and grazed her right nipple, she almost screamed but he kissed her again deeply drowning her cries. By the time the kiss ended, they were both struggling to catch their breath. She gave him one last kiss and walked away.

"Elena! Your panties are still in my pocket," he called after her.

"Keep it! As a souvenir!" She shouted back.

He walked back to his room, with a feeling of excitement. He opened the door to his room and found his friends waiting for him.

"So...did it happen?" Zen asked.

"Yes! It was awesome. You guys owe me 20 bucks each," he replied.

He took out his notepad from the desk and added Elena's name to the list. She was the 6th girl who had assumed that she was the one taking away his virginity.

"Some girls can be really dumb!" Matt told them. They assumed he was inexperienced because he was a nerd and everyone wanted a piece of that ass. He kept up that image and tricked them into having sex. He then took out another box and placed Elena's panties in it with some of the other souvenirs he had received. He was no more interested in her; he moved his focus to his date with Becky the next day.