 To my editor M-Y Erotica... there are not words to tell you how wonderful I think you are or how much I appreciate your help. My story is so much better thanks to you.

If you are a football fan, you will notice that the games are from the 2003-2004 season. I tried to stay as true to them as possible. Enjoy!

*

I sat on the edge of the couch, my fingernails biting into the palms of my hands, my breath held, watching the game unfold. The score was tied at 14, and sudden death overtime had just started. Carolina had the ball, but I had chosen the upset. I needed Atlanta to win. If they did, then I retained my lead in a male-dominated football pool. But mostly, I would win the bet and that meant that I’d score… big time.

It had all started at work three days earlier when Sean had delivered the week’s paper. It listed five games, each of which we were to try and predict the winner. 

I grinned as I looked down at the paper. "Oh, these are easy!" 

Telling Sean that the picks were easy after he’d tried so hard to make them as difficult as possible was a sure way to get a rapid-fire response. Each week he’d look through the list of teams and choose the matches he believed would be the most difficult to determine winners and losers. A pseudo bookie for years, he’d become quite good at doing just that.

"Oh really?" Sean looked at me like he knew I was bluffing, which I was, but would never admit to. "If they’re so easy, then you won’t have any problem getting them all right, will you?"

I chuckled, knowing that I was caught but unwilling to give up just yet. "Sure. I can get them all right. No problem." I set the paper down on the desk and tried to look cool about it, my mind racing with all the research, gut instinct, and luck I was going to need to get just one or two of my choices right.

A slow, sexy grin spread across his face. "I don’t suppose you’re willing to make a small wager on that?"

It was the tone of his voice that did it. It was “dare” with a hint of "how far are you willing to go?" mixed in for good measure. I was sure the sudden pounding of my heart could be heard across the room. 

For months, he had been the object of my obsession. At an office party six-months earlier, after too much booze and sexual flirtation, he had lured me over to a secluded spot to show off his “tan lines”. Tan lines, I discovered, that only existed above and below a very hard, very large cock that stood out proud in the night air. It was a cock that any woman would be in heaven to suck and ride. Playfully I grinned and told him that he should tan nude. It was at that moment that I heard my name being called and turned to walk away. But he pulled me back for a single kiss.

I’d been fantasizing about the places that kiss could have taken us had we not been interrupted. When we returned to work the Monday after that kiss, it had been the start of a very fun, very teasing relationship that had slowly escalated from flirting to spontaneous groping. But that kiss hadn’t been repeated. Some days it felt like we were firecrackers just waiting for a match.

With a crooked half-smile, and a good dose of adrenaline brought on by his nearness, I looked up and into his eyes. "Sure. I’ll place a bet. What did you have in mind?"

"Well, it would have to be something fun… maybe something... sexual?"

My eyebrows rose. Something sexual? Did I hear that right? I felt something wet and warm pool deep inside me. This was too good for words. 

I tried to remain calm. To pretend that I hadn’t been fantasizing about what I wanted to do to him for months. I worked to keep my breathing evenly controlled as I answered. "I… could go for that. Winner gets to make the demand. What’s the bet?" 

I watched as he placed both hands on the front of my desk and bent over until he was only inches away from my face. A slow, devilish grin sweeping across his face. "The bet is that you don’t get more than three right this week. If you get three or less, I win and you bow to my demand." 

Since I had no problem bowing (or bending over for that matter) for him, I grinned and told him I’d meet him no later than Tuesday morning to collect my reward. I watched as he walked his sexy buns out of the room. This was a bet I was determined to win.

So here it was Sunday evening. I’d already gotten three of three choices correct, and this was the fourth game. If Atlanta won, I could declare victory and collect my prize. But I was nervous now, sweating, and I couldn’t help but think that sudden death overtime might just be the death of me.

I watched as one pass was completed by Carolina. My jaw ached from clenching my teeth. They set up again, another pass play, and I was sure it was over. All they needed to do was get close enough for a field goal and that was the end of the game. I watched as the quarterback lifted his arm and let the ball fly, my hands fisted, I prayed "miss, miss, miss", but there was no miss, instead it was… intercepted? I jumped up and riveted my eyes to the television screen watching. Sure enough, an Atlanta Falcon had read the play and jumped up to catch the ball. With the full field in front of him, and no Carolina Panthers near enough to stop him, he almost pranced into the end zone. Touch down! We’d won! Atlanta had won, and I had gotten the four picks I needed to clench the deal.

He was mine. 

The next morning I sat at my desk and waited. My mind rifling through the various scenarios I could play out and the innumerable demands I could choose from, all of which sounded wonderful and all of them something I wanted. However, of these ideas only one stood out as being the "if I never get another chance" choice. If I never got another chance to make a demand then I was going to… 

The door opened interrupting my thoughts, and Sean walked in. A thrill of excitement shot through my body and a smile spread across my face. 

"Good Morning!" I knew my eyes were sparkling with mischief, and I couldn’t help but stare fascinated at his mouth as it curved upward in a responding grin.

"Good Morning to you, Ms. Four-out-of-four. Should I be worried?"

"Worried? Maybe." I laughed. If he only knew. "When do you want to hear my demand?" I used my tongue to wet my lips, slowly, and stared at his eyes, which were riveted upon me.

I listened as a muffled sound came from his throat and he responded, "Umm… Now… would be good." 

Sean’s face was turning pink and the sight of it was making my heart beat in irregular patterns. I squirmed in my chair. Was this really happening? Was I about to get something that I’d been fantasizing about for the past six months? Or actually, I thought with amusement, since the day he first walked into the office five years ago. I could barely speak for the effort it took to keep from hyperventilating. 

"Well then, now it is." I smiled and looked down feeling heat spreading through my body and creeping up my neck. Great, now I was blushing! So much for a cool, confident response. I struggled to get it out. "My demand… is that you meet me tomorrow… at precisely 5:00 p.m. In the storage room. With your pants down around your ankles. I have a thirst that I… ah… need to quench." 

My head slowly raised up to look at him. Was he surprised? Excited? I didn’t know, nor could I tell, but that was okay. I was excited enough for the both of us and my fingers crept up to the side of my mouth to wipe away the small amount of liquid that had started to pool there. 

Rolling my chair back, I watched as he came around my desk and bent down in front of me. Frozen by his nearness I could only watch as his mouth descended closer, but it wasn’t aimed for my lips. Lips that were dying to taste him. Instead, his head tilted to the right, and in my ear I heard three little words, "I can’t wait" and I shivered with anticipation as he turned and walked out the door.

*****

I can only describe it as the feeling you get the night before Christmas. The inability to sleep, the giddiness. Time drags on and the hours and minutes feel as though they’ve confused themselves. It took forever for the next day to get done, but finally it was time- and damn, my mouth was dripping with saliva. And I was so wet. I had wanted this for a long time. The men that I had been with over the past few months had never fully taken away my hunger for Sean, and knowing that the moment of finally having him was near made my insides vibrate with expectation.

I stole a moment to retreat into the bathroom and assess myself in the mirror. I started from the bottom up. Black stiletto heels graced my feet, chosen for their ability to add enough height to my 5’4” frame that kissing him wouldn’t be a struggle. A black skirt was topped with a baby blue sweater, which had a deep v-neck, chosen to show off the cleavage made by my 38D breasts, and finally my shoulder length honey blonde hair was pulled back purposely into a ponytail for the upcoming event. Overall, I’d chosen something that I hoped would create a great visual should he choose to look down. Nodding with satisfaction, and more self-confident, I walked back to my work area to wait.

He arrived seconds before I finished cleaning off my desk for the evening, and I watched his back as he disappeared down the hall and into the storage room. Though there were a few people left in the building, things were quiet enough that I had no worries that anyone had seen his disappearance into a room typically used to hide mops, brooms, and other items. Turning off my computer, I got up and followed him.

Sean stood in the center of the room completely still and waiting. My eyes roved over his lean form taking it all in. The tense, drawn look on his face, which led me to believe he was at least a little nervous. The green sweatshirt I had come to realize was his favorite. His beautiful hands lightly fisted at his sides. Jeans. I searched for a way to put him at ease and break the ice.

"Hey! What happened to following my demands to the ‘T’?" I asked teasingly. "If I remember correctly there was supposed to be something around your ankles… and it wasn’t just the mops. Drop ‘em." 

"Well, that was romantic." He answered with an edge of sarcasm in his voice, but the corners of his mouth curved up into a helpless smile.

I was trying very hard not to laugh, but the giddiness that was making my body tremble was also governing my ability to control my voice, and a giggle escaped. "This isn’t about romance, Buster- it’s about sex. Pure and simple. And I’m getting mine. Now drop ‘em." 

I watched as he reached for his belt buckle and unfastened its clasp. Next, his fingers moved to the button on his jeans. With deliberate slowness he unfastened it from its clasp and methodically pulled down his zipper. Somewhere in my befuddled senses I recognized that he was deliberately teasing me. 

His jeans fell to the floor, and I could see the head of his dick peeking above the top of his black briefs. Unable to resist, I stretched out my hand and let my fingertips caress the length of him through the fabric, ending just short of his smooth skin. His dick jumped in reflex to the touch. I swallowed convulsively and smiled.

“I’m waiting,” I whispered.

Finally, he reached to slide the briefs down his legs and. when his clothes fell to the floor. my eyes riveted to his manhood. He was incredible! More so than I remembered. My eyes drifted closed while I tried to control the sudden jolt of need that coursed through my body, and to stop the ever increasing trembling. There was no more teasing left in me. I wanted him and I wanted him NOW!

On legs that felt as through they had never walked on solid ground, I closed the distance between us and my hand reached out to caress the softness of his cock. It stood out proud, hard, and oh so tempting. I licked my lips in anticipation and listened as his breathing turned raspy. Slowly lifting my head, I looked into his eyes, which had become heavy lidded. His nearness was having a drugging effect on me and I felt as though I was getting lost in a haze of helplessness. Need and desire were taking control.

My hand still cradling his erection, I raised myself up and slowly brought my lips to meet his. Opening my mouth, I used my tongue to trace the lines of his lips. They were soft, gentle, and I whimpered with need. Feeling his mouth open beneath mine, I searched for his tongue and found it- a growl nearly escaping, as I tasted him for the first time. He tasted so good I knew I’d never be able to get enough, and I deepened the kiss until I felt as though I were devouring him. I heard him moan and felt liquid rush through my cunt to soak my panties. My hand curled around his cock and softly started to stroke him, feeling him grow even harder in my hand.

As the kiss ended and we pulled away from each other, I fought to control the trembling that had built. I knew that if I didn’t get myself under control I’d never be able to finish what I wanted so badly to start. Taking a deep breath, I slowly dropped to my knees before him and smiled. He had the most beautiful cock I’d ever seen. Hard, smooth… built for my mouth. I wet my lips, prepping for the delights in front of me. Before this was done, I would know the taste of him from the inside out.

My hand held him steady as I used the flat of my tongue to lick up the base of his cock. A small amount of pre-cum had already started to form at the very end, and I used the tip of my tongue to clean it, my mouth watering as he let out a rush of pent-up breath. I pulled my hand away so that with the next, his attention would be fully centered on one spot. Once again wetting my lips, I used them to glide over the very tip of his hard-on, just past the rim, and back up again- drawing him out of my mouth completely before once again gliding over the very tip. I let the liquid from my mouth roll down the length of his cock as I repeated the process two more times, closing my eyes and simply enjoying the smooth skin between my lips.

Drawing the tip back into my mouth I gently sucked, the top of my mouth rubbing against the tip of his cock. As he let out a loud moan, I relaxed my jaw to keep from biting down in excitement. My pussy again was soaking itself and a rush of heat spread through my body.

Running my hands up his thighs and searching for his hands, I found them in tight fists at his sides, as he fought to keep control. Curling my fingers around his hands, I continued to suckle on his manhood and attempted to draw out the sweet taste of him. When he moaned again, I released him and sought out a more sensitive area. My head dipping below his cock until it found the two balls dangling beneath. Gently drawing one into my mouth, and then the other, I licked and sucked on them in turn, enjoying the feeling as they jostled around my tongue. His breathing getting more rapid with each lick and suck, my breathing accelerating to match his.

Releasing one of his hands, I brought mine down to rub my pussy underneath my skirt, now moaning around his balls as I brushed my fingers against my clit. Electricity shot through my veins as my orgasm approached. Drawing my panties to one side, I dipped one of my fingers into my cunt and slowly finger fucked myself. It would only take a few more seconds for me to climax, but I desperately wanted him there with me. Keeping my body on the verge of release, I decided it was time to finish what I had started, and collect my reward. 

I released his other hand and pulled my mouth away from his balls. As one hand used its fingers to creep in and out of my hole, my thumb brushing against my clit, the other hand wrapped around his shaft and started stroking. My mouth moved to take the tip of him in and with increasing demand glided over his cock drawing him in fully inch- by- inch until he rested at the base of my throat. I used my tongue to brush the underside of his cock and used my mouth and hand to stroke him to completion in a steady pace that I knew was driving us both crazy with the need to explode. 

Sean’s hips started moving back and forth, fucking my mouth, as a low guttural moan escaped his throat. Above me I heard him take a quick deep breath and then groan out "Oh God, Oh God, Oh God," and I knew he was there. I suddenly felt warm liquid filling my mouth. Swallowing, I pulled my mouth back so that I rested at the very tip of him, letting him watch as I drank from him. I looked up to see his expression, and the pure ecstasy on his face was enough to push me over the edge. Moaning loudly I started moving my hips in time with my hand, and let the volcanic force rush over me, stifling the scream that nearly escaped at the rush of pleasure I felt.

Once the tidal wave subsided, I stood up and looked into his flushed face. My hands running up his chest, and then back down again to the soft hairs between his thighs. I thought about what had just occurred and marveled at the desire for him that was already beginning to flow through my veins once more. I prayed that this was only the beginning and that I’d once again feel his touch. 

"Thank you, that was nice. Definitely a fitting reward," I whispered. My arms stretching to circle around his neck as I gave him a small kiss. His arms drawing me close for a gentle hug. 

I heard him fight to even out his breathing before he responded, "Would you care to wager again?"

I smiled and nodded, a huge grin spreading across my face. "I thought you’d never ask. Where’s the paper for this week?" I asked.

I waited as he pulled his jeans up and fastened them, and then reached into his back pocket for the weekly game list. Taking it from his hand, I looked over the choices.

Dallas vs. Washington
Houston vs. Tampa Bay
San Francisco vs. Cincinnati
New York Giants vs. New Orleans
Philadelphia vs. Miami

I looked back up at him and groaned, not even trying to hide my dismay at the choices. There was no way in hell that I was going to get any of these right, I thought.

Swallowing hard I asked, "So… what’s the wager?"