 The Bet: A Dylan James Story

This is another in the continuing story of Dylan James, Hollywood stuntman and stud. This story was suggested by Jillian, a fan who I want to thank for the inspiration. It took me a long time to write because of life intruding as it will sometimes, and it is by far the longest that I have written. Dylan's adventures started out with the "One For the Road" series. Please check all his adventures out – but they are all stand alone stories. Thanks for the interest and support. And please remember to vote. All emails are welcome. 

Lanya Anderson and Dylan James were both waiting inside the conference room at Dream Stunts FX for their new client to arrive. Lanya and Dylan were partners with a few other people in a movie stunt business. The company specialized in big budget films that required a lot of stunt work inter-mingled with CGI technology, but they also did smaller budget movies to keep their employees paid and help the bottom line. Dylan, as the youngest partner in his early 30's, was going serve as the stunt director on this low budget movie if they got the contract. Lanya was a full partner and ran the business side of the operation. The stunt company and the producer that was interviewing them were both represented by the William Morris Agency so it seemed likely that the two would work together, but you never knew in the film business. 

When the producer and his team arrived, they were led into the conference room by a production assistant. There Dylan met the producer Peter, the lead actress, Karine, and a smarmy looking guy who turned out to be the director of this epic, Wes. After sending the PA to get drinks for everyone, they all sat around the conference table while Lanya and Dylan took turns explaining some ideas that they had for FX effects and stunts that they thought would help punch up the story. The film was a low-budget horror movie called Dawn of the Zombie. 

The client, Peter was your typical cliché Hollywood producer. He was a short fat balding mid-50's guy who drove a car the size of an ocean liner. The story on him was that he had somehow gotten to be a very successful producer in LA by luck and just plain drive. He made his first fortune in porn, and his second in horror films. He had a reputation in town for having a very huge ego, an extremely small dick and that he never let you forget he was very rich and who was paying the tab. 

After Lanya and Dylan made their pitch, Lanya put in a promotional DVD about Dream Stunts and the type of work that they did. As Dylan had seen this short film hundreds of times, he took this moment to observe his possible clients. Peter was pretty much as described; middle aged and trying to be much younger with an expensive suit and a lot of gold flashing. Wes looked to be about 26 or 27. He looked unhealthy and pale as if he never came outside. His hair was kind of greasy, and he sniffed a lot. The only part of this meeting that was even enjoyable so far was watching Karine. Hollywood is full of sexy beautiful starlets, but Dylan had to admit this one special. Karine was a beautiful young actress by way of Texas who seemed very nice and sweet. She was to be the star of this gorefest of blood, who meets a bunch of hungry Zombies and after a lot of carnage and destruction, somehow manages to defeat them and survive. If they got the movie, Dylan was going to be working very closely with her, and he was looking forward to that possibility. She was about 5'7" with darkish red hair and green eyes. She looked to be about 23 or 24. She had a really great golden tan, so it was certain that red was not her natural hair color. She came dressed in a tight white mini dress that showed off her fabulous figure. Her breasts had to be at least 36C, and the way they shifted when she moved you could tell they were real and she wasn't wearing a bra. The dress was so tight across her beautiful ass you couldn't see a hint of a thong at all. Dylan guessed that she had nothing on under that dress. 

As the short film played Peter seemed too doted on her. He kept whispering in her ear, touching her arm, and sharing comments with her that brought faint smiles to her beautiful face. Dylan guessed that they might be a couple the way Peter treated her, and also by the Rhode Island-sized diamond ring which was on her left hand. 

Dylan could not keep from staring at her, she was so beautiful. In spite of how she was dressed there was a very classy, very sophisticated air about her. She seemed very confident and very sure of herself. She caught Dylan looking at her (hell, he was staring) a couple of times and both times gave him a faint Mona Lisa type smile. Hell, he was so obvious in his admiration for her, that Lanya had to kick him under the table a couple of times.

Finally, when the promo came to an end, Layna switched on the lights and took over the meeting like the pro she was. She pitched Peter on a potential schedule and fee structure, and then answered several questions from the smarmy director about how the stunts were to be designed. Then Karine, while looking directly at Dylan, asked if he would be designing her stunts and if she would be able to do some of them. Peter immediately jumped in and said that his "baby was not going to be doing stunts. Her future was too precious to risk on doing her own stunts." As Peter said this, Karine smiled at Dylan and winked as if to let him in a joke. 

The meeting soon came to an end and Peter promised to make a decision soon. Everyone was getting up and saying goodbye, when Karine took Dylan's hand. As her perfume enveloped him she said, "I hope that we have a chance to work together. I think you would make me feel very, very safe." 

With that, Karine leaned in and lightly kissed Dylan on the cheek. Her breasts pressed against his arm as she kissed him and whispered, "Goodbye" in his ear. She turned and followed Peter out the door. Caught in the cloud of her perfume, Dylan watched that beautiful ass walk out the door.

Dylan's dream state was broken as Lanya shoved him and barked at him, "What the fuck were you doing?"

"What do you mean?"

"Look, I know that you think you are God's gift to women, but it is not good business practice to undress that client's fiancé right in front of him. How about business before pleasure, okay?"

"I wasn't undressing her. She came on to me."

"Do you think that maybe there is some woman on the planet that doesn't want your dick?"

"Yeah, maybe, but it wasn't her."

"God, you are full of yourself."

"What? It is so plain to see that she wants to give it away, that I know that I would nail her during the first week of shooting."

"You are that sure of yourself?"

With her? I guarantee it."

Okay, I will take that bet. "

"What bet? You want to bet me that I can't nail her?" Lanya nodded in agreement. "Okay, what do I win?"

Lanya looked Dylan up and down for a couple of seconds, then stated – "A blowjob."

"What?" Dylan exclaimed! He could not believe what he had heard. 

"Yeah, if you fuck her you get a blowjob from me, but if you lose, you take me on a $2000 shopping spree."

"Two Thousand Dollars? That is pretty expensive blowjob."

"What your wallet can't back up your dick? Or you don't think I am worth $2000?"

"I am not even answering that one. So, I just have to fuck her?"

"No, I set the terms of the bet. I have to think of the right situation, one with time limit and a high degree of failure. I have no doubt that you could nail her if given enough time. Okay?"

Dylan thought for a couple of seconds, the possibility of Lanya giving him head or dropping two grand? This was more then just a simple bet. There were all kinds of subtle levels and dangerous consequences if this went wrong. Not only was she his partner, but also his boss. Even if he succeeded, it could go very bad. Besides if he lost, he didn't have an extra two grand at the moment. Yet he wasn't a stuntman for nothing. The danger and need to overcome failure is what drove him. 

"Fine. If we get the job and you think of the right situation, I will take that bet."

They both shook hands and went back to work. Dylan watched as Lanya worked down the hall to her office. She had long, long beautiful legs that led up a very tight ass that she was wiggling with extra effort for Dylan's benefit. Thought of fucking her was very intriguing. He had known her for about 7 years and she had never shown the least interest in him. He wondered what was up. Dylan was finished for the day so he got on his prized Harley (a 1999 Bandit) and headed toward home. Their offices were in Culver City so the ride home to the West Adams area of LA didn't take long. As he rode his Harley through traffic the memory of Karine's ass as she walked out the door was burned into his brain plus the added possibility of getting head from his beautiful long legged partner made Dylan so horny that by the time he got home he needed some relief badly. He decided to go over to a local watering hole called El Cholo and see who might be at the bar. 

As he walked into the bar area of El Cholo, only one word would describe Dylan. STUD. Dylan was the poster boy for that much over used word. He was a very handsome guy at 6' 2" and 210 pounds of hard muscle with dark hair and piercing blue eyes. He moved with the grace and power of a tiger. His tight t-shirt showed off a very well developed chest and ripped forearms and biceps. 

Apart from his physical beauty was his personality. Everyone liked Dylan. Women wanted to date him and guys liked to hang out with him. He was fun, charming, smart and sure of himself. Not in a cocky way, but Dylan knew who he was and what he wanted from life and was not shy about asking for it. His strength of character and quiet leadership made him the focus of any room that he was in, even when he was not trying to be. 

Yet, what set Dylan aside from most other men was his package. He had a very impressive dick that was 9 inch long and 5 inches around with a very large mushroom-shaped head. He had lost his virginity at 15 and he had not slowed down since. Very few were the women that turned down his charms when he focused his personality on them. 

As he surveyed the room, Dylan quickly found his companion for the evening. She was a very sexy blond with large fake tits by the name of Deena. After buying her a drink and seducing her with a conversation filled with sexual banter and innuendo, Deena was putty in his hands, and they left for his place. Fueled by Deena's very talented mouth and pussy, Dylan had a very enjoyable evening as he relentlessly drove his nine inch monster deep into Deena's gushing cunt and clutching ass. After Deena had screamed herself hoarse and fallen to sleep exhausted from end to end orgasms, Dylan drifted off to sleep with his still sizeable prick buried in her ass. 

The next morning, Dylan cruised into the office about 10AM. Dylan and one of the other partners were going to work out the stunts with the director of a new Pepsi commercial that they we had just gotten the contract for. As he headed back to the conference room, Lanya called him into her office. 

Lanya was a very pretty woman and she looked especially good this morning. She was wearing a thin summer dress that clung to her tight athletic body. Her long blond hair was pulled back into a French twist and her smile lit up the room as he walked into her office. He had often wondered what she would be like in bed with her long legs, great ass, small perky breasts and not an ounce of fat on her body. Plus she was extremely smart with a film degree from USC and an MBA from Harvard, and a killer business sense that had served the small but growing company very well. She was the kind of intelligent and confident woman that Dylan found impossible to resist. She and a couple of famous stuntman had founded the company right after she returned to LA from back East. In less then ten years they had grown into a full service company for stunts and special FX. They had trucks, computers, equipment and a staff of computer designers, stunt men and FX guys, who could set up, design, equip, and perform any type of stunt or effect for films and TV that you needed. Dylan had interned with these guys for two years when he first arrived in LA. Learning the ropes and slowly gaining their confidence with his determination and ability. As the company grew they offered him a position and then later a partnership. He had been very lucky, and he knew it. That is why he had never made any kind of pass at her. She was off-limits to him in his mind, but he had often wondered. 

"Peter's office just called and we have the contract. He is very excited to work with us. We have a few details to work out but nothing that will stop the contract. So I suggested that we have dinner tonight to celebrate our new enterprise, and he agreed. So are you ready to go ahead with the bet?"

"Okay, what did you have in mind?"

"Peter agreed to bring Karine along. We are to meet at 8:30 at Luna Park. The terms of the bet are this - you must seduce Karine while we are having dinner with Peter. You must seduce her right in front of him and convince her to fuck you. Peter is not to have a clue what is going on. You don't have to fuck her there, but you must have proof that she is giving it up to you. Clear?"

"Like what?"

"Her panties will do."

"So I am suppose to seduce Karine in front of Peter, convince her to give me her panties, and show them to you for verification. If I do this I get a blowjob from you. Is that correct?"

"Yes, that's it. However, if you lose, I get a $2000 spending spree on you. Agreed?"

"I just have a couple of questions. Why are you doing this? Why are you risking a contract with a producer by embarrassing him or us?"

"You don't have to worry about that. There is no fallout for you. If this bet goes south, I will take full responsibility, okay?"

"And that is it? You are not going to tell me more then that?"

"I have my reasons. If you get her, then maybe I will tell you. Do we have a bet?"

Dylan looked at Lanya for a moment, at her blond hair, her blue eyes, her white teeth, smiling mouth and full lips. The thought of those lips wrapped tightly around his thrusting cock as he came in her mouth was like heroin. He was hooked. Of course, he was going to agree to this. He knew that he could have Karine anytime. She had broadcast very clearly that she was available, but to do her in front of her man at dinner. Now that was a challenge at any stuntman would rise too. His dick stirred in his jeans as thoughts of Lanya's mouth and Karine's pussy passed thru his mind. 

"Okay you have a deal."

"Good, I will see you at Luna Park tonight. Don't be late."

"I'll be there." Dylan shook his head as he walked out of her office. This was crazy, but it was also going to be very interesting.

**************************************************

Dylan arrived at the restaurant about 8:20 PM. It was very noisy and crowded for a Thursday night. There was a long bar on the left as you came into the small, but popular eatery. The rest of the room was full of small café tables and wooden booths along the walls that were enclosed. Each booth could seat four people and had curtains that could be pulled together to make the booth extremely private. Dylan saw Lanya seated at the bar drinking a glass of wine when she noticed him and rose to greet him. His eyes just about fell out of his head has she moved toward him. She was dress in a simple off the shoulder black dress that ended about 2 inches below her crotch. Her beautiful long legs were shown off to magnificent effect. She wore low heeled open toes sandals that allowed her red toenails to gleam. The dress clung to her body, molding itself to her breasts and slim hips. Her long golden hair was wrapped in a tight chignon on the top of her head with two tendrils on either side of her face softening the look and framing her pretty face. Her blue eyes flashed at him excitedly as she walked up to him and kissed him lightly on the cheek.

"Are you ready to play?"

"Well, let's just say that you should not be thinking about spending that two grand just yet."

"Well, get ready Tiger, because here comes the prey."

Dylan turned to see Peter holding the front door for Karine. She was stunning as she entered the eatery, a beautiful young woman in a short pale pink sheath that clung to her in all the right places. Her dark red hair was worn down, her large breasts bobbed rhythmically beneath the dress. Her golden skin seemed to glow in the dim restaurant light. The click-clack of her heels reached Dylan's ears, and he looked down, taking in her long, lean legs that ended in a pair of sexy open-toed heels. 


"It is so good to see you again," Karine said as she hugged Lanya. Her striking smile lighting up her beautifully face, her green eyes sparkling with life. She turned to Dylan and taking his hand in hers, "I'm so glad that we are going to be working together." She smiled at him with an enticing smile, her full lips smeared with shiny lip gloss. 

"I am looking forward to it as well," Dylan said as he smiled down at her. 

They greeted Peter and arranged for a booth along the wall. They were told there would be a 20 minute wait, so they gathered in a far corner of the bar that separated them from everyone else in the restaurant. Peter ordered them a bottle of Pinot Noir as they waited for their table. After the bottle had been opened and poured, Lanya began to engage Peter in conversation leaving Karine and Dylan to themselves. As Lanya discussed the film with Peter, she maneuvered him in such a way that his back was to Dylan and Karine. Dylan and Karine were deep in the corner of the bar pushed tightly together. She seated herself on a bar stool facing Dylan and her back to Peter and Lanya. Dylan could see both of them very clearly over her shoulder. As she seated herself and crossed her legs, her short pink dress rode up high on her golden thighs giving him a glimpse of her black panties. Dylan and she touched glasses together as they toasted each other. Karine leaned in closer to Dylan because of the loud music and conversation, and her low cut dress made it seem that her ample breasts would spill out into his lap. . 

"I am so glad that you are doing the stunts for our movie. I am really excited to be working with you. So have you been doing stunt work for a while?"

"Since I graduated from college. About 10 years."

"I bet you will be able to teach me all kinds of things about dangerous stunts and difficult positions." As she said this, she reached out and gently caressed the back of his hand. Her light touch sent a shiver of delight up his spine. 

Since this was moving even faster then he thought it would, Dylan decided to step up the sexual banter. "Well, the length and width of my experience may surprise you." 

"Oh, I doubt that. You have a very ..."big"... reputation as a ... "stunt" ... man. I have heard a lot about you. That is why I pushed Pete so hard to get you." 

"God, she is forward," Dylan thought to himself. "This is going to be easier then I planned. Lanya is going to be so pissed off." He smiled to himself. 

"What kind of experience do you have acting wise?" he asked.

Well, I trained in New York doing stage and I have done modeling work all over Europe. Film seemed like the natural progression. I am taking some exciting acting classes out here now. 

What kind?

Improv, role playing, and game playing. It makes you more spontaneous. More free to try new things. I really enjoy that.

Really?

Yes, I like to make up situations in public and play them out in front of everyone. It is fun and dangerous. 

Do you have a favorite?

Karine leaned in very close to Dylan's ear and whispered, "I like the one where the handsome young stud tries to pick up the pretty young girlfriend in front of her date, and fucks her silly. That is the game I really enjoy." As she pulled away from him, she uncrossed her legs leaving her crotch completely exposed to him. Dylan looked from her lap up to her face. She smiled at him. "Do you want to play?" 
