 I sipped my wine, as I lay stretched out on the sofa while James rubbed my feet.  We were spending the evening in since I had told him I wanted to have some private time together.  And while I knew we’d end up making love eventually, I didn’t realize that we were in for such a passionate night.  

He switched from rubbing my feet to tickling them, knowing that I was highly ticklish.  I squealed and attempted to pull my feet away.  “If you’re trying to sleep out here alone tonight, you’re definitely heading towards that,” I warned him.  “Stop!”

He held tight to my ankle.  “I’ll stop if I can have a kiss,” he said, raising an eyebrow slyly.  He drew a fingertip across the sole of my foot, sending sharp tingles over my body.

I screamed.  “Okay!  I surrender!”  I sat my glass down on the coffee table and leaned to him and gave him a quick kiss.

He released my foot, but as I lay back again, he crawled over me, staring into my eyes.  “I want a real kiss, Skylar.”  He kissed me, his soft mouth covering mine, parting my lips and sliding his tongue between my teeth.  

I closed my eyes as my own tongue slid against his.  He tipped his head to press his mouth firmer into mine.  I felt his hand running through my hair, before he broke away.

I opened my eyes as his hand stroked my face, tracing along my lips.  I parted my lips to take in his finger and gently suck at the tip.

“Let’s play a game tonight,” he said.  

I released his finger.  “How?” I asked suspiciously.

He kissed me again, answering in short breaks in the lock.  “To see who can make the other come the most.”

“Mmmmmm, that’s not fair,” I protested as his mouth moved to my throat.  I have to wait for you to get hard each time then.”

“That’s part of the challenge.”  

I thought about it as James kissed along my neck, back up to my mouth.  He found my lips and again gave me one of his firm kisses, gently probing.

“Okay, I agree,” I told him when he pulled back again.  “But what does the winner get?”

“If I win,” he said with a smirk, “you have to give in completely to anything I want sexually for a long weekend away.”

“And what if I win?”

He snorted.  “Well I don’t think you will so I didn’t plan on that.”

“Oh, is that so?”  I love a challenge.  “Well, dear, since you are so confident that you’ll win, how’s about we leave my reward open and I can choose as I so desire?”

He smiled.  “Sure, why not?”

“Great then,” I said.  I pushed him off of me and stood.  I pulled off my tee shirt and began to undo my jeans.

“Whoa, what are you doing?” James said alarmed.  

“We have a bet, duh.”

“And you just want to get started?  No foreplay?”

I unzipped my jeans and dropped them to the floor.  I stood in front of him, in just a black bra and matching panties.  With my hands on my hips, I looked down at him on the sofa and responded, “If you feel like waiting, then I may be out of the mood by the time your done.”  With that I turned to face away from him and reached behind me to unhook my bra, and slide it off.  I tossed it behind me, knowing it would hit him.  I crossed my arms over my chest, and turned again to face him.  

“Well?”

My bra was across his belly and he was sitting there looking at me with his mouth agape.  “Uhhh…”

I rolled my eyes.  “Come on, tough guy.  This was your idea.”

He picked my bra off him and threw it aside and stood.  He took me by the shoulders and smiled.  “You’re going to be a sorry little girl, Skylar,” he said, kissing me.  He pulled his tee shirt off, exposing the sparse hair on his chest and tummy.

I uncrossed my arms and reached for his jeans, undoing the buttons on the waist and fly as we kissed.  I reached to his sides and began to push them over his hips, pressing them down to puddle at his feet.

He reached down to rub between my thighs where I could feel the heat building.  I knew my pussy was getting wet, excited from the idea I was promised to be pleased all night long.  

James gently cupped my mound, pressing his palm against me.  He snaked a finger under the elastic and ran it over my wet slit.  

I knew if he kept it up that I’d get fingered and come quickly, so I pulled away and slid my knickers off.  Before I stood again, I reached up and pulled down his briefs in one swift moved and pushed him backwards to sit on the sofa.  

He flopped on the couch and his semi-hard cock bounced.  I dropped from my crouched position down to my knees and leaned across his lap.  “I get to start,” I said, determined to win.  James spread his legs open and I reached for his smooth balls.  

Taking them in my hand, I squeezed them pressing my thumb between the two of them.  His cock twitched, and I smirked.  I kissed the head, savoring the feeling of the velvet flesh against my lips.  I parted my lips slightly, allowing just the tip to press between my lips on the next kiss.  

I looked up to his eyes as James smiled down at me.  I allowed the whole head to enter my mouth this time as I sucked slightly, pulling back up.  I saw him take a deep breath as he reached for my hair, his hands firm against my head.

I took the head into my mouth again, sucking at it again, this time for longer.  As I pulled off, I watched him let out his breath hard.  I smiled knowing he was now putty in my hands. 

Gently giving his balls another squeeze, I took half his shaft into my mouth before pressing my lips to form a seal this time.  I released his balls and wrapped my hand around the base of the tick shaft of his dick.  James had become harder, and was nearly completely hard as I slid down to meet my hand with my lips.  

I began to bob up and down on his cock, feeling it thicken in my mouth.  I ran my tongue along the shaft, jerking at his base.  As soon as I felt his dick had completely swelled, I began to concentrate on the head.

I licked along the crown with the tip of my tongue, precum oozing from his tip.  I moaned, sliding the shaft deeper into my throat, precum coating my tongue.  I pressed my mouth up and down the shaft, quickening my pace to coat him with him own fluids and mine.  

I reached between my legs to my wet pussy, fingering myself.  I was sopping wet and my juices were slick.  I need him to come quickly and knew the only way to hurry him along was to finger his ass.  I slid a second finger into my box and gathered more fluids.

I pulled out my juices, and reached up to press them against James’s ass.  Lifting his balls out of the way with my other hand, I pressed against the hole as I kept my pace, sliding my lips over his cock from crown to base.  I pushed my tiny finger into his ass, as he let out a guttural moan.

I felt his hands tighten in my hair.  He pressed my head down farther onto his cock as he gasped for air, I felt his balls contracting in my hand and I knew he was going to come soon.

I twirled my finger furiously in his asshole as I sucked at his dick like a mad woman.  I moaned over his cock, vibrating it within my mouth and throat.  I heard him take in a deep breath and I knew he was about cum.

I pulled my finger from his ass as James’s cock flexed and the white-hot jism hit my throat.  I slid up to allow him more room to come in my mouth, swallowing the creamy fluid.

James released my head as I slid off his cock to look up at him.  I wiped away a stray bit of cum from the corner of my mouth.  I was crazy with desire, and my body was begin to be fucked, but I tried to remain cool and sat next to him on the sofa as he panted hard to gain his breath.  I crossed my legs and reached for my glass, finishing off the last of the wine.  I smiled at him as he gave me a hard look.

I tried to look cool as I reached over to return the glass to the table, but my hard nipples were betraying my body.  I felt the palm of his hand on my rump and I leaned forward.  He raised it up my back as I sat back, gently rubbing.

“Skylar, one,” he said with a wink.

I smiled at him.  “Yeah,” I said.  I uncrossed my legs and slid my hands down my thighs.  “Score one for me.  But know what do I get?”  I reached between and ran my fingers over my pussy.  

He dropped to the floor in front of me and pulled my hands away from my lap.  “Turn around,” he told me in a low voice.  

I shifted and turned away, balancing on my knees and leaning forward against the back of the couch.  I felt James’s strong hands pushing my legs open to expose my pussy.  He reached between and ran a finger over my slit.  He circled my clit, sending waves over my skin before plunging a single finger deep into me.

I gasped hard as he began to finger me.  He stroked the walls of my pussy as my fluids began to flow over his hand.  I moaned in protest when I felt him withdraw his finger a moment later, but sighed contently when his tongue replaced it.

I leaned forward further into the sofa as his tongue probed into my wet pussy, lapping up my wetness.  He ran a finger over my clit as I felt my body tightening towards a climax.  James licked harder at me, running his finger over my clit, as my moans became louder.

“Oh God!” I moaned.  “Oh God, oh, James.  Ooohhh!”

I came hard from the clitoral stimulation as he sucked at the fluid leaking from my hole.  I hadn’t realized it, but I was clutching at the back of the sofa.  I took a deep breath and relaxed my grip as I felt his lips pull from me.  James stood behind me and wrapped his arms around me as he buried his face into my hair.

“One to one, now, Skylar,” he said.  “Ready for the next round?”