 When she was properly made up and prepared---her eyelids penciled lightly; her lips a soft coral; the tip and halo of her breasts highlighted with pink; the edges of her nether lips rouged; her armpits and pubis generously perfumed, and perfume also applied to the furrow between her thighs, the furrow beneath her breasts, and to the hollows of her hands-- Jo was led into a room where a three sided mirror, and another mirror behind, enabled her to examine herself closely. James told Jo to sit down on the ottoman, which was set beneath the mirrors, and wait. The ottoman was covered with black fur, which pricked her slightly, the rug was black, the walls were red. Set in one of the walls of the spacious bedroom was a large window, which looked out onto the dark waters of the Gulf. The storm had cleared, the trees still swaying with its effect, the moon raced high among the fluffy clouds.

Jo sat there, alone in her reflected nakedness, for nearly ten minutes before the door opened and James walked in. He was dressed in a long purple robe, the sleeves of which were gathered at the wrists and full at the shoulders. When he walked, the robe flared open from the waist down. It was his cock she saw first, as he walked silently toward her, then the whip made of leather thongs, which he had stuck in the belt. Her heart raced, and she lowered her eyes, wondering if it was meant for her. James leaned down and kissed her lightly on the lips, then sat down beside her and placed an ornate leather box on his knees. He opened it and she saw a leather collar and two leather bracelets nestled in velvet depression inside. Imbedded in the layers of each was a snugly fitting metal ring.

He turned her so that she faced him, then fitted the collar around her neck and fastened the bracelets to her wrists. Then James stroked the tip of each nipple, watching as it blossomed hard against his finger, and explained to her that she would be 'presented' to the others in a little while after she had been thoroughly prepared her. Jo shivered imperceptibly in anticipation, and delicious dread. He asked her to stand and turn around to face the bed. She felt him stand behind her, and then the room went dark as he gently tied a dark silk strip over her eyes to blindfold her. He then led her to bed and asked her to lie down on her back.

Jo felt his weight on the bed, and expected him to hold her, but she felt nothing for long seconds and wondered if he was just looking at her. Were there are others looking too, fro hidden peepholes in the walls, or through the mirror she had noticed before, positioned overhead on the ceiling. Then she felt the cool tendrils stroking her face, trailing down her throat, circling her breasts. They moved along the length of her body, exploring, teasing. Jo knew it was the leather thongs of the whip, and her heart leapt again. James leaned down close to her face while the tendrils dangled between her thighs, rhythmically brushing her naked cunt lips.

'Do you trust me?" James whispered. Jo nodded, but he told her to say the words. "Absolutely, Yes!" she whispered in reply. "Then roll over on your tummy"

Jo did as he asked and almost at once she felt his finger in the metal ring of the bracelet on her left wrist. He stretched her arm towards the corner of the bed and she heard something like a chain dragging against the bedframe, then a metallic snap. He reached over and did the same with her other wrist, then moved to the foot of the bed and stretched her legs into a wide 'V' and attached two more bracelets to her ankles and fastened them snugly. Jo lay face down, arms and legs wide open, and felt the cool tendrils tracing the curve of her back, the fullness of her buttocks and thighs, down the backs of her legs.

"I promise I wont hurt you" James whispered then, adding solemnly in his precise Australian tones, "this is an art, I am going to take you higher than you have ever been. Then I'm going to make you so hot --you will literally explode" He left the bed for a minute and she heard classical music come on, a baroque piece, fairly loud. When he returned, James opened her cunt lips with his fingers and felt them to be very wet. Jo was ready!

He stroked her back and buttocks, hips and thighs with the leather thongs for a minute or two...then he began to flick them across her body, between her waist and her knees...slowly at first, then gaining momentum. Jo flushed hot as she felt the thongs on her buttocks, her hips, the backs of her thighs then her buttocks again...a little harder, then harder again. Each time she tensed, fearing pain, James would ease up only long enough for the euphoria to take her higher. There was the intensity, terrible and delicious, but her heart beat faster and she could feel the twinges pulling at her breasts and nipples and a drawing, pulsing sensation in her cunt and clit. He was right. There was no pain, only this incredible sensation of nearly flying in a whirlwind of rising passion.

He stopped suddenly and Jo felt his fingers test her wetness. She was incredibly wet. Just as suddenly he left the bed again and she could feel him move around her. He unfastened her bonds and told her to roll over and lie on her back. He opened her again, her arms and legs stretched taut and wide, and fastened her again, and began to whip her breasts and belly and upper thighs. Gently at first, just flicking, then picking up the rhythm, faster and harder until she thought she was going to exploded before he even touched her. Jo wanted him to fall on her and ram his cock into her mouth, into her cunt, "Fuck me", Jo moaned, "I want you now!"

But he wouldn't stop, just kept the rhythm gong for another minute, perhaps two...or more. Then he stopped and she felt her breasts, belly, thighs and buttocks burning...burning for his touch...her nipples reached out for him, hard as pebbles, her clit quivered and convulsed. But he didn't touch her. Wouldn't touch her, except to test her wetness again. Jo was dripping and nothing touched her but the thongs of the black leather whip. "I'll be back" was all she heard. She felt his weight lift from the bed, and in a moment heard the bedroom door open and close.

He left her there, burning for him, for what seemed like an eternity. The music flowed through her body. Every part of her raged a super-heightened sensitivity. Jo struggled with her bonds. She would break free and find him and suck his cock and make him want to fuck her. Jo couldn't move. The chains held her wrists and ankles fast. She fantasized doing everything with him. Jo was possessed with desire, filled with a tension that cried out for release.

Finally, she heard the bedroom door open and close again, but this time the lapse between was longer. She felt more than one presence in the room. She felt eyes, all around her, staring at her. Her heart beat fast and her body burned. Jo hoped he was standing there with them, watching. She wanted him to take her first...or take his pleasure watching her, then fuck her hardest, last. "You've never whipped her before". The voice was soft, feminine. "No, ever." It was James speaking. Someone lighter than him crawled up on the bed and ran cool delicate fingers over her breasts and belly. A mouth fastened onto one of her nipples while fingers pinched the other. Another hand opened her cunt lips, then she felt fingers playing with her clit. Jo came instantly. The mouth on her breast sucked and tongued her nipple, then moved back and forth hungrily. Jo came again

She heard James moan -the sound he made when she sucked his right nipple-- and she knew that he was in the arms of another. Was he watching still? Jo hoped so.

The mouth left her cunt and the other abandoned her breasts and Jo felt strong male thighs mount her chest and a hard, long, slender cock coax open her lips. As it plunged into her mouth, probing the back f her throat, Jo felt a vibrator slip into her cunt and begin fucking her, and knew that neither of these were the work of her lover. But he had given her to these cocks and mouths and hands -so they were his, all covering her, all probing her, fucking her. The vibrator slipped out of her dripping cunt and into her ass. Someone held it there while they sucked her clit until Jo moaned deeply against the cock in her mouth. Jo felt hands, holding her head still, while the cock fucked her mouth until it spurted hot cum against her throat, as the mouth and tongue and teeth on her clit and vibrator in her ass drover her wild and she came and came and came.

When she thought she couldn't take any more, they withdrew and someone unfastened her wrists and ankles. James [she knew it was him] lifted her to a sitting position and then helped her stand. Jo was so dizzy, she fell against him. He guided her across the floor until she could feel the prickly fur of the ottoman against her knees. He told her to kneel down with her breasts against the fur and stretched her arms to fasten her bracelets again. He was going to fuck her, Jo didn't know how or where, all she knew was that she wanted his cock inside her mouth, her cunt, her ass, all at the same time. She wanted him to fill her up, to explode inside her, to make her explode in return. She opened her mouth hungrily for him, licked and gently sucked on the tip of his cock, moaned again when he started fucking her mouth.

Suddenly he stopped and got up and her mouth was filled by another, whose cock felt and smelled different. It filled her mouth as James rammed into her slippery cunt, his cock as hard as a rock, pounding deep inside her.. Then he sought out the tight little rosebud opening of her ass. He used his cock only to lubricate her then forced his way into her ass, fucking her, fucking her....in her mouth, in her cunt, in her ass, until she wanted to scream, tried to, but the cock filling her mouth made it into a long, sensual moan. Finally they came, James came, convulsing in her ass...the cock spurted hot cum into her mouth...and as he promised,. she convulsed and exploded herself, crying out ..every nerve in her body was on fire. The cock withdrew from her mouth and the body left the ottoman. The other stayed deep in her ass, and James' arms went around her as the others left the room as silently as they had come in.

They were alone. Jo had opened herself to him completely. trusted him absolutely. He had not betrayed her and Jo knew he never would. He held her for along time, rocking her gently in his arms, until his cock shrank away from her body. She felt his cum dripping down the inside of her thighs, and he ran his fingers through it and slipped them into her mouth, almost as if he could read her mind. He unfastened her wrists, led her to bed and lay down with her, gathering her to him, holding her close, so close, until they drifted into sleep. He HAD taken her higher than she'd ever been before. And it was only the beginning.