 My friend, Tom, is very religious. His devotion to God amazes me; his discipline is beyond what any normal man can achieve. He attends church every Sunday and works out daily. He didn't drink until he turned 21, and even then in moderation. Tom is still a virgin, and he intends to stay that way until he is married, one of the few men I have ever met who said that. He once told me that he almost joined the priesthood, and if any man I know could remain celibate, it is him. He demonstrates that everyday when he resists his amazing girlfriend.

Ally is a great girl. Before she and Tom started dating, about two years ago, I had a huge crush on her. She is outgoing, intelligent and drop-dead gorgeous. She was a pretty big flirt back then. She used to like to tease me, but I never got anywhere with her. I was amazed when she and Tom got together. He seemed like the complete opposite of her, and me for that matter. That must be what she likes about him.

Ally is relatively short, probably around 5'2". She has shoulder-length blonde hair with great-big blue eyes and has a huge smile that just lights up the room. The best part about her is her legs. They are a little thicker than the rest of her, and come up to meet her ass in the most beautiful way. It's like her top and bottom were designed for two different people. Her full-figured bottom, with those fantastic legs and that plump ass, contrasts beautifully with a tiny little waist and small breasts.

Tom and Ally talk about getting married sometimes. They are pretty great together, despite my initial feelings on the issue. She brings a little excitement to his life that would otherwise be missing, and he helps ground her so she doesn't get too wild.

I asked him once about her, and if they would really get married. Tom said yes, emphatically. He really loves her. So, since I think we're all a little young to be getting married, I began to quiz him a bit on the decision.

"Is she a virgin?" I asked.

"Yes," she was.

"Does she believe in God?"

"She isn't Catholic, but she is a Christian. That is ok with me," he replied.

A bit more of that prodding and I was convinced he had thought his decision through. I am proud of my intense loyalty to my friends, so once he made that decision, I stood behind him.

One day Tom was away for the weekend at a baseball game, he was the second baseman for our college team, and Ally invited me to the bar with a few of her friends. I really like her friends so I decided to join them for a few dollar drafts at Smokey's, the local bar and dance-club. Six or seven beers latter I was over my self-consciousness enough to try dancing with some of the ladies. Ally's friends are all just as outgoing as she is and were more than willing to dance with me. They had all had a few drinks and the dancing was pretty close that night. I put my hand on one girl's ass and her short skirt rode up, and I could feel she didn't have any underwear on. So, being the nice guy that I am, I decided to give her cheeks the support they were missing.

I put both arms around her and planted my hands on her bare cheeks beneath her skirt. She was trashed and having a great time. As she wiggled her cheeks swam under my palms. Unless she was numb from all the drinks, she could definitely feel me groping her, and my blunt poking her from the front. I eventually got my finger around into her sopping pussy and rubbed her lips.

"Mmmm...," She moaned. I knew she felt me now. I put my face in close to hers and out lips brushed in our swaying. Once, twice, they kept touching. Her lips began to part and I could feel the moisture from her mouth wetting my own lips. I parted mine and we locked in a sucking, drunken kiss while we kept dancing. When we broke apart she looked at me and said one thing: "Fuck me."

There was no argument from me. This bar had two bathrooms downstairs, but upstairs I knew there was a handicapped bathroom where we could lock the door. I danced her over toward it and when no one was looking I opened the door and slipped inside, pulling her with me.

I didn't even know this girls name while she started tearing my belt off and undoing my fly. She was tall, about the same height as me, 5'11", with long brown hair. I was too drunk to remember any more details, but I know she had a smoking body, perfect for Smokey's. I sat down on the toilet and pulled her right on top of me.

My rock-hard dick slid right into her sopping wet pussy and she started riding me hard. She was fucking my brains out and I loved it. She started staring me right in the face and asking "you like that? Do you? You like getting fucked by a slut you don't even know?"

Hell yeah I did. She knew how to ride a cock. Up and down, up and down - as hard as she could. I could feel her wetness soaking my boxers, which weren't off. My dick was just sticking through the hole in them.

I kissed her hard to shut her up. I didn't want people to hear and interrupt. She bit my lip and sucked as she pulled away.

"Grab my ass." I did just that, and pulled her cheeks apart. I slipped my finger down and felt the edge of her pussy where my cock was sliding in and out. It gathered a little moisture and I tried to stick it in her ass. Not quite enough so I brought it around and shoved it in her mouth. She started sucking on my finger and moaned. Good enough. I moved my finger back down and shoved it up her ass.

She gasped but didn't ask me to take it out. I was in control of the fucking now and I moved her up and down on my cock a little slower. I could tell she was suffering and wanted a little rougher sex. "Good, make her long for it," I thought. But it wasn't long before I needed to fuck her hard. I wasn't about to take my finger out of her and I couldn't lift her up and down fast enough so I stood up and waddled over to the wall with her clinging to me.

With her pinned up against the wall I could finally fuck her as hard as I wanted. She moaned and whimpered but I kept on fucking. Her face contorted and her body tensed. She might have been coming, I'm not sure. Her cunt started gripping my shaft and I started squirting my seed deep in her. I gave it one last thrust and pulled her down on my cock as hard as I could. I wanted to send every drop of cum deep inside of her.

"Oh, cum in me baby," she said, breathlessly. I hadn't said one word to her the whole time. I just gave her a few more pumps to drain myself and pulled out. We kissed, leaning into each other from exhaustion while I zipped up and put my belt on. I looked her up and down to admire the body I'd just fucked. Her skirt was still stuck up around her waist with sweat and I noticed my cum sliding down the inside of her thigh. She reached down with two fingers and wiped it up. Her fingers started about mid-thigh and slid up, ever so slowly. They went right up to her lips, and even inside a little. Her fingers were covered in my seed and she was lifting them up. I knew what she was about to do and I couldn't believe it. While she licked her fingers clean I felt myself stirring again.

With a giggle she pulled her skirt down and ducked out of the bathroom before I could get ready for a second round. 

When I stepped out Ally spotted me.

"Hey, stud. I think I can guess what just happened in there," She slurred. She must have had a few herself.

"Yeah, that was fucking amazing. Someday you'll get to experience the joy of fucking yourself," I teased. I liked to pick on her and Tom for being virgins.

"I have." What!? I couldn't believe my ears. Did she just tell me she had fucked a guy?

"What? When? Who was it?" She looked me right in the eye.

"You cannot tell Tom," she said, "but his name was Ryan. It was before I met Tom. I know he thinks I'm a virgin. I just couldn't tell him I wasn't."

"Wow," I blurted.

"Please don't tell Tom," she pleaded, obviously regretting saying anything already.

"I won't," I lied. Of course I had to tell him.

I looked for my slut for the rest of the night. I wanted to fuck her again and get what Ally told me out of my mind. Alas, my bathroom cum-dumpster was nowhere to be found. I was doomed to go home and spank it.

The next day, Tom was still out of town. The team was playing a weekend series against a team from across the state. I called Ally and asked her if she wanted to watch a movie. I had to talk to her about what she had confessed.

When she arrived I invited her in and got her a glass of water. She was a little hung over from the night before. She sat down and asked what we were watching.

"Ally," I stammered, "I need to talk to you about what you told me."

"What? Why? Why does it matter?"

"It matters because Tom would want to know. I think you should tell him"

"Why does it matter?" She asked again, "It happened before I met Tom.

"But he would want to know. He thinks you're a virgin and that is important to him."

"I don't understand where this is coming from."

"He is my friend, Ally, You have to tell him or I will." There it was: my ultimatum. She would never forgive me for this. But Tom was my friend, and I would expect the same from him.

"Don't do that, please. I'll do anything."

Then it happened. The whole world slowed down. Ally lowered her head, and her voice became deep and sultry. She licked her lips, breathed a little heavier and with just the slightest hint of poutiness she said that fateful word. Everyone knows how a woman can say it when they want to emphasize they really mean it: "Anything."

That word took forever to say, and hung in the air for even longer afterward. She and I both knew what she was offering. My heart started racing. I couldn't believe this slut. I had wanted her so bad two years ago and she never gave me anything. Now she was with my best friend and she wanted me to betray him, and help her do the same.

"Dear lord, Ally. Don't say that," I half scolded, half choked out.

"You know you want this. You know you've thought about it." She reached up any pulled the tank-top she was wearing a little lower, showing off the small amount of cleavage she had. But it was startling, and sexy.

All of her was sexy. She had on a pink tank-top. Never one to just throw on a pair of sweats, even when hung over, she had on a pair of tight corduroy pants. It was a pair she wore often. It had a worn spot in her crotch, where her thighs would touch and the material had rubbed away. They showed her ass and legs off beautifully.

But all of this was wrong. I couldn't think about her that way. She leaned back on the couch she was on and spread her legs a little, enough to be sexy and suggestive, but not whorish. I had wanted this for so long. I wanted her two years ago when she and Tom got together. He had never cared about that.

In fact, he was always a really selfish guy. He would never do anyone a favor, and frequently would go out to dinner with a group, conveniently only have a few dollars and get someone else to cover his tab. He wouldn't even come to a party at your house. God forbid we drank some beer. His holiness looked down on all of us.

And here was his girlfriend, offering herself to me. She should have been mine two years ago anyway. She was better suited to be with me. Not that I wanted the slut now. Of course, neither would Tom. They were as good as finished. She could fuck anyone she wanted once he found out about this Ryan fellow. I'd really be doing him a favor. I'd fuck her good and let her know what was out there waiting for her. Then she would leave Tom and he would never really have to know how awful she had been to him. She always liked to flirt and talked about wanting to mess around with other guys anyway. He deserved better than that. 

I moved over to the couch with her, and she squirmed down underneath of me. My hand touched her hip. It was like fire. She was so hot and the excitement was coursing through me. I couldn't believe I was finally going to get to have her. My hand moved under her shirt and up to her ribs as I lowered myself onto her. She put her arms around my neck and pulled me down onto her. My lips touched hers and both of our heads hung still in a moment of hesitation. But her tongue slithered out of her mouth and over my lips. That was too much for me and I pressed my mouth onto hers. This was the most electrifying kiss I'd ever felt. Her soft, velvety skin under my hand felt amazing. Her tongue probed my mouth and mine probed hers in a fantastic kiss. We wrapped each other up in each other's arms and made out for an eternity. 

At that point our betrayal was complete and neither one of us would have had to go any further to know that neither of us would ever tell Tom. But lust took over and we pulled on each other's clothing, and sucked each other's lips and tongues. My mouth moved down to her neck and I kissed her. I moved down onto her chest and she pulled her shirt off. The fabric blocked my attempts for a moment before her bra; her chest and her stomach were bare to me. Then she pulled off my shirt. I lifted my arms for her and attacked her breasts as soon as my mouth was free again. 

By this point madness had taken over and I ripped at her fly. She tore at mine. I pulled her corduroys off and she pulled down my jeans and underwear in one stroke when I stood up to throw her pants away from our lust. I was naked, my erection pulsing with the rapid beat of my heart. She wore only her bra and panties. She sat up in front of my and grabbed my cock. It felt great. Her petite hand wrapped around it and stroked it a little at first.

Then her head came up and her tongue flicked out and just touched the head. She smeared a little pre-cum around with it and smiled up at me. I melted in that smile. Her pursed lips kissed the tip of my dick. She held it lightly and ran her slightly parted lips up and down the bottom of it, then engulfed it in her warm, wet, perfect mouth. It went all the way in and she put one hand on my ass and the other held the base of my dick while she bobbed up and down on it. It felt unbelievable, but it didn't take long until she looked up at me and said, "I want you inside of me."

She was going to get it. I took her by the hand and led her to my bedroom, so that we could be more comfortable while we fucked. I lay down and she immediately straddled me, still wearing her bra and panties. I reached down and pulled the crotch to the side. I could feel the moist heat coming off of it. It was so warm. My dick was a little cold with her saliva on it since it was out of her mouth. When I laid it against the soft flesh of her vagina it burned like a hot iron.

I looked deep into her eyes. I could see it there: the lust that drove us. But there was some hesitation too. We were on the brink of the last, ultimate betrayal. With that short pause to gaze into one another's eyes she leaned back, and I pushed forward. My penis slipped inside of her and I could see a wave of pleasure wash across her body as she inhaled and shuddered ever so slightly. I must have done the same. She looked down at me and beamed her approval.

I held the crotch of her panties aside while I fucked her. Her mouth attacked mine and we kissed passionately. The taboo made it hotter. We clung to each other, knowing we could never share this with anyone. It was our sin to bear, and to love. She moaned, I gasped for air.

I could feel how wet she was. Her pussy was starting to loosen under my assault. I had to taste it. I pulled out of her, and pulled her up so she was straddling my face. I tried to pull her panties aside but the fabric was interfering with my attempts to feel her with my tongue. She lifted one leg up and pulled her panties off, when she noticed. Then she turned around and straddled me, facing the other way. She bent down and st5arting sucking me off. I plunged my faced into her and felt her lips give way. She was so wet, I could taste the juice. I loved it. She was so great. He lips were plump and soft. Her ass was waving above my head and I reached up to caress it. She pulled off of me and laid her head on my thigh, letting out soft whimpers when my tongue found her clit. I stroked it up and down, from her juicy hole to her erect clitoris. 

With her attention stopped I needed to be in her again. I flipped her off of me and as she lay momentarily stunned I slid on top of her and pulled her legs apart. She pulled them to invite me in and I penetrated her. In one quick stroke I drove myself in, to the hilt. She gasped. I started pounding her, fucking her as hard as I could. Her gasps grew more frequent more urgent. Her breathing drew labored. Her face flushed and a vein appeared on her forehead. Her back arched; she moaned loudly, just short of a scream. She was cumming, and all of a sudden, so was I.

I shot streams of hot cum into her. I kept pumping as hard as I could and sent it all in. Spent, I collapsed on top of her. She wrapped her sweaty arms around me and held me tight. Our bodies were sticking with the perspiration. I could feel her bra, though. I rolled off and undid it. I gave it a toss and pulled her on top of me. Our naked bodies intertwined and we lay there, breathless for and hour. Her mouth found mine and we kissed tenderly.

That night when she left I kissed her goodnight. I didn't know what all of this tenderness meant.

"I had fun," she said.

"Yeah, me too."

"We could do it again, sometime. We don't have to tell Tom."

"No, we sure don't." I would never tell him. Not when I could have his woman.

"I just... I just need more than he gives me, you know?" she confessed.

My heart broke. How wicked were we? But man has never been a match for the prurient ways of a woman; not since Eve seduced Adam in the Garden.