 Authors Note: I already have a gay version of this story in progress on the site. I'm kind of stuck on it so I thought I would try something a bit different. I hope you enjoy this one as much as the other one.

*****

Prologue

Hi everybody. My name is Amber and I am a long haul truck driver. I am 35 now, but I have been driving since I was 18. My father was a long haul trucker and used to take me and my sister with him on runs. As soon as I was old enough, I decided to drive for myself. So here I am. You have a lot of lonely nights as a trucker, but if you play your cards right, you can also have a lot of conquests. I have had conquests in each of the lower 48 states. I never made it to Alaska or Hawaii...yet anyway.

Now you may wonder why they call me the bi-trucker. Well, it's because I'm Bi...Had my first girl when I was 18, shortly after I started driving and I have been hooked on pussy ever since. Don't get me wrong, I love a hard cock drilling around inside me as well. I can't really tell you which one I like best, because I love both, pretty much equally. If you are looking for a story with just straight sex or just lesbian sex, then this is not for you. I love sucking on a sweet pussy as much as I love sucking on a hard cock.

If you are one of those people that like me loves both, well then sit back stick your fingers in your twat or stroke your cock and listen to my story. It just might turn you on, or get you off...I hope.

 

Chapter 1 My first conquest

I'm starting my story in New York. That's where I was born and raised, in a little town called Binghamton. Well actually just outside of Binghamton, called Kirkwood. My daddy was a long haul trucker for as long as I can remember. He was on the road so much that my mamma actually went out and found her a fuck toy to play with while my father was on the road. But that is another story, this isn't about my parents' sex lives, this is about mine.

My father started taking me and my sister Amanda on the road with him when I was about six. I loved riding in the cab looking out at all the sites we passed. I loved going to sleep at night and never knowing where I would be when I woke up. When school was in session we had to be good little girls and stay at home, but during the summer we were always crossing the country with my father.

When I was 16, I told him I wanted to be a trucker like him when I grew up. He just laughed and asked me if I thought I could handle it. I just smiled and said I could handle anything. When I turned 18 and graduated from high school, my dad looked at me and asked what I planned to do with the rest of my life. I looked at him and smiled. "I told you daddy, I want to follow in your footsteps. I want to be a trucker."

He had looked at me thoughtfully. "It is a hard life sweetheart." He pulled me onto his lap like he used to do when I was little and wrapped his arms around me. "It's not easy being on the road all the time." He said softly. "You can't really have a family, because you're always away from them."

I turned on his lap so I was facing him and wrapped my arms around his neck. "I don't plan on having a family anyway daddy. I'm not the marrying kind."

He looked at me seriously. "What about Kevin?"

He was referring to my longtime boyfriend. We had been dating since freshman year. My parents were sure I was sleeping with him but to date, I was still a virgin. I considered my answer carefully not wanting to upset him, but knowing in my heart it was the right thing to say. "Daddy, Kevin is a sweetheart, and I love him, but he wants things that I don't. He wants a family, the whole white picket fence with the little wife sitting at home while he works and takes care of the children." I wrinkled my nose. "That's not me. I would go stir crazy if I was stuck at home all the time."

He pulled me close and gave me a hug and a kiss on the cheek. "What about kids? Don't you want to give me grandkids?"

I sighed. "You have Amanda for that, besides I may have kids someday. I don't know. Daddy I'm only 18, I want to have fun."

He nodded. "If this is what you really want I can hook you up. Dave is looking for a new driver since I'm retiring this year." Dave was my father's boss. I always looked up him, as a second father. I knew if anybody could get me in the truck driving business it was him.

I squealed and hugged him tight. "Thanks daddy." I climbed off his lap and ran off to tell Amanda and mom what my plans were. Mom was disappointed but Amanda just punched me in the arm and said, "Well it's about time. You always loved going with dad more than I did."

Amanda was two years older than me and already married with a baby on the way. I loved my sister to pieces but I didn't want her life. I wanted to be a free spirit and see the country in a new way.

Two weeks later, I was signed up for CDL classes and a month after that, I was introduced to my first rig. I looked at it like a baby looking at their first rattle. I fell in love with it the minute I saw it. It was jet black with flames painted on each of the doors. The sleeper was big enough to fit a double bed and still have room to walk around. I was admiring the truck when I felt a pair of arms wrap around my waist and pull me back against a hard body. I smiled and tipped my neck to the side as Kevin nuzzled my neck with his lips. "Are you sure this is what you want to do baby?" he asked turning me in his arms so he could kiss me.

I kissed him back then wrapped my arms up around his neck. "This is all I've ever wanted to do Kevin. You told me you understand."

He looked at the truck, and then looked back at me. "I do understand. It doesn't mean I'm happy with it."

I pulled out of his arms and grabbed his hand in mine. "Come see the inside." I pulled him towards the truck. He followed after not really thrilled with it. I opened the driver's side door and climbed up into the truck; he followed slowly, and then followed me into the sleeper. "Damn, this thing is huge." He whistled looking at the bed taking up most of the room.

I nodded and sat back on the bed. "It's made for two people to sleep on."

He sat down on the bed and bounced up and down on it a couple of times. "Nice."

I looked at him and felt my heart swell. I had always admitted that Kevin was a hunk and a half. He stood 6', with a slender build. His jet black hair hung down his back almost to his waist and his bangs covered one of his blue eyes like a patch. I reached up and brushed his hair out of his eyes and he kissed my hand.

I lay back on the bed and smiled at him. "Ever made love in a semi before love?" I asked seductively.

He looked at me in surprise then chuckled. "Well considering the fact that I have never made love at all, I would have to say no."

That was one thing I loved about Kevin, he was 18 and still a virgin. He had never been in any hurry to go all the way, like most boys his age. He told me he wanted me to be his first and if I wasn't ready then neither was he.

I sat up and pulled my shirt over my head exposing my 36c bra encased tits to his gaze. He licked his lips but didn't touch me. "Do you still want to be my first?" I asked reaching behind me and unclasping my bra so my tits fell free. I let the bra fall to the floor and sat there topless looking at him.

"Y...you would let me fuck you?" He stammered staring at my breasts and licking his lips.

I reached out and ran my fingers over his cheek. "I may not want to marry you, but I do love you Kevin. I want you to be my first."

He leaned forward and captured my lips with his, kissing me hard while he wrapped his arms around me and pulled me to him. I settled in his lap and kissed him back hungrily. When his tongue pressed for entrance into my mouth, I opened my lips and moaned as his tongue swept inside. I pressed my breasts against his chest as I wrapped my arms around his neck deepening the kiss. When we broke apart both of us were breathing heavier. "Oh baby, I want you so bad." He murmured leaning down and dropping kisses on my bare breasts.

I leaned back away from him so he had better access to my tits and rested my hands on his knees. "They're all yours baby." I purred.

He looked at me with heat filled eyes for a minute, then reached up and cupped my breasts in his hands squeezing them. "You have beautiful tits baby." He cooed leaning down and taking one of my nipples between his lips. He ran his tongue over my nipple then started sucking on it as he pulled on my other nipple with his fingers. I moaned and brought one of my hands around to run through his hair.

"Oh baby, that feels so good." I purred as he gently bit down on my nipple with his teeth then sucked harder at it. I gasped as I felt his teeth then moaned as he squeezed my other tit with his fingers and sucked harder at the nipple in his mouth. He loved it with his tongue, and then let it slip from between his lips. He moved over to the other nipple and gave it the same treatment until they both stood out hard and wet.

By the time he let go of my nipples, I was breathing heavier and my pussy was leaking like crazy. "Oh baby, I'm so hot." I moaned rubbing my pussy back and forth on his leg.

He grabbed my hips and pushed me off his lap, until I was standing before him. He looked up at me and smiled softly. "Strip for me baby, show me what other treasures you have been hiding from me."

I had always been proud of my body, standing 5'9" and around 130lbs. My dark brown hair hung in waves down my back and my green eyes sparkled with need. I reached down and grasped the button on my jeans and slowly opened it. Then very slowly, I pushed my pants down over my hips and legs until I was able to step out of them. I saw Kevin suck in his breath as he realized I wasn't wearing any underwear and I grinned. "Oh baby," he sighed letting his breath out. He reached out and cupped my pussy in his hand while he lifted his eyes to mine.

"Like what you see love?" I purred.

He ran his finger between my pussy lips and flicked his finger over my clit. "Oh hell yeah. I always knew you were hot, but now..." He licked his lips as he played with my clit.

I reached out and put my hand on his shoulder as I tipped my head back and moaned. "Oh baby, yes, play with me." I cooed.

He rolled my clit around in his fingers, pulling and twisting it as he looked up at me. "You like that baby girl?" he asked softly.

I whimpered and pushed forward with my hips as I grabbed his arm. "Oh yes, it feels so good."

He continued pulling on my clit then he pulled his hand away. I cried out and opened my eyes but he just smiled and lowered his hand further between my legs. I spread my legs open a little further and cried out as he slid a finger inside me. "Oh baby, you are so wet." He purred licking his lips as he slowly fingered my burning cunt.

I clung to his arm as I rocked my hips back and forth. "Oh baby, oh yes, finger me faster, make me cum." I begged closing my eyes as pleasure coursed through me.

He worked his finger faster inside me, sawing it in and out furiously, as he reached up with his thumb and played with my clit. He leaned his head forward and locked his lips around my nipple, sucking hard at it as he fingered me.

"Ugh...Oh god...Oh Kevin, oh yes." I panted as my breathing became ragged and my legs started to shake. 

He slid a second finger in with the first and worked it in harder and faster. I couldn't stop the moans that were escaping my lips begging him to finger me harder as I tipped my head back and closed my eyes. "Oh baby, I'm so close, make me cum." I begged my orgasm rising hard and fast.

He bit down on my nipple as he fingered me even harder and faster. I cried out as I coated his fingers in my juices. "Fuck, I'm cummmmminnnnnnnngggggg..." I cried as my body spasmed with release.

He wrapped his arm around my waist to keep me from falling and pulled me onto his lap. He pulled his fingers from me and pushed them into my open mouth. "Taste yourself baby." He purred as I closed my lips around his fingers and sucked.

I sucked at his fingers until they were clean and watched how his eyes widened watching me. I felt his cock twitch between my legs and reached down and grasped it through his pants. He moaned and closed his eyes as he bucked up with his hips. "Take it out baby," he sighed softly opening his eyes and looking into mine.

I smiled and scooted off his lap, until I was kneeling in front of him. I looked up at him and smiled as I slowly opened his jeans. I unzipped his pants, then gripped the waist band of his jeans and shorts and pulled. Kevin lifted up so I could pull his pants down then sat back down as I pulled his clothes down past his knees. I pulled them off of him and threw them on the floor next to my clothes. He pulled his shirt over his head then rested back on his hands looking down at me. I reached out and grasped his cock in my hand and watched it twitch. I could barely wrap my hand around it, he was so thick. I looked up at him in surprise, he had to be at least 7 inches and he was only semi hard. "How big are you?" I asked in awe.

He smiled and ran his fingers over my face. "9 inches long and 2 ½ inches thick." He sighed.

I gasped and slowly stroked him. "And you want to put this in me?"

He reached out and cupped my face in his hands. "Don't worry baby, it will fit. I promise." He kissed my nose.

I looked down at his cock hardening in my hand and had my doubts but I just lifted my eyes and looked at him. "You want me to suck on you?"

He smiled and leaned back on his hands again. "If you want to baby."

I stroked him a couple of times then leaned my head down and licked at the tip of his cock. He shivered and moaned. "Oh yeah baby." 

I licked the tip a couple more times then opened my mouth as wide as I could and wrapped my lips around the head of his cock. I barely got the head inside and felt like my mouth was completely full. I looked up at him and he smiled and ran his fingers through my hair. "Try to take more baby." He purred bucking up with his hips.

I lifted my eyes to his then slowly lowered my head, letting his cock slide further into my mouth. I was able to get about half of him before I felt him pressing against the entrance to my throat. I swallowed and gasped around his cock as he slipped into my throat. My eyes widened and I looked up at him. He was lying back on the sleeper with his eyes closed and moans were escaping his lips. "Oh yeah baby, that feels so good." He whimpered.

I let my throat muscles massage him for a minute then slowly pulled back, letting him slip back into my mouth. I ran my tongue over him as I moved my head back and forth letting him slip in and out of my hungry mouth. Kevin whimpered and started bucking with his hips, pushing his cock further into my mouth. I held my head still and let him fuck my face for a couple of minutes then slowly pulled away, licking the tip of his cock as I let him slip from between my lips.

He opened his eyes and sat up looking at me. "Why did you stop? I was so close."

I smiled and stood up kissing him on the nose. "As much as I would love to taste your cum, I wanna be fucked." I climbed onto the bed beside him and lay back on my back with my legs spread wide. I opened my arms and held them out to him. "Come get me honey." I purred.

He moved over me then stopped. "I don't have a condom." He said then blushed.

I smiled and wrapped my arms around his neck pulling his lips to mine. "It's okay, I'm on the pill, mom forced me to get on it when we started seeing each other."

He looked at me in wonder. "You have been on the pill for four years?"

I nodded and rolled my eyes. "You know mothers."

He smiled and kissed me softly. "You want me baby?"

I wiggled my hips and lifted against him. "Oh yeah, give it to me baby."

He reached down and grabbed his cock and I felt him rubbing the head against me. I wiggled around then wrapped my legs around his waist. "Give it to me now." I purred lifting against him.

He lined his cock up at my entrance then I felt him slowly entering me. I gripped his ass and pulled on him, pulling him deeper inside me. I felt my pussy muscles being stretched to accommodate him and moaned. "Oh god, you are huge." 

Kevin chuckled and nuzzled my neck with his lips. "You only have part of me baby." He continued slowly pressing forward with his hips.

I wiggled around and lifted against him. "Well give me more." I whined feeling full already.

He kissed me softly as he pushed forward with his hips once more. I moaned against his lips feeling him fill me, then suddenly pulled my lips away and gasped as pain shot through me. "What the hell?" I whimpered.

Kevin stopped moving and pushed himself up on his arms. "Well you are definitely a virgin." He chuckled as he slowly pulled back a little.

I swatted him on the arm as I looked up at him. "You knew that."

He nodded. "It's your barrier; it protects your virginity baby." He rocked back and forth inside me making sure to stop short of my barrier.

I wiggled around frustrated. The friction of him moving inside me felt good but I wanted more. "I want you to fuck me." I whined lifting against him.

He kissed me hard, his tongue pressing into my mouth to duel with mine as he reached between us and grabbed my clit, rolling it around in his fingers. He pulled on it as he kept up the slow movements inside me. I mewled against his lips as I felt my orgasm rising. I couldn't stay still, my hips were rotating back and forth and my hands were digging into his ass. "Oh...Oh yes." I cried pulling my lips from his and tipping my head back.

He nipped at my neck with his teeth as he pulled and twisted my clit, while still moving slowly inside me. "Give it to me baby, cum for me." He growled against my skin.

"Ugh...Oh...Oh Fuck yesssssssssssssssssss..." I cried as I went flying over the edge into ecstasy.

As soon as he felt me tighten around him he slammed forward with his hips, tearing into me. I gasped as pleasure mixed with pain and I clung to him. "Oh fuck." I sighed as I felt him fill me completely.

Kevin chuckled and kissed me softly. "Sorry love, it was the only way I could think of."

I just looked up at him. "Yeah yeah...well now that your in me, show me what you can do." I wiggled my hips around and tightened my muscles around him.

Kevin groaned and slowly pulled out of me till he held just the head inside, then he slammed forward with his hips burying himself in me once more. I gasped at his sudden invasion, and then cried out as pleasure tore through me. My eyes widened and Kevin just looked down at me and grinned. He started moving, slow at first then harder and faster.

"Oh...Oh god Kevin, fuck me." I panted my breathing becoming ragged as I thrust my hips meeting his strokes. My ankles locked around his ass and pushed him further into me as I thrashed beneath him.

"Oh baby, you feel so good." He mewled fucking me even harder and faster then before.

I raked my nails down over his back and he arched his back as pleasure/pain ran through him. "Oh baby, cum for me, I don't know how much longer I can hold back." He buried his face in my neck and bit at the tender flesh there.

"Ugh, oh yes, I'm so close. Fuck me harder." I begged my orgasm rising hard and fast. He drilled harder into me and I screamed as I went flying over the edge. "I'm cummmminnnnnnngggggg..."

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa... ggggggggggggggg... hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." He cried as he bottomed out inside me and let go.

I squealed as I felt his cum splashing inside me. "Oh yes baby, fill me up." I purred.

Kevin pulled out of me and collapsed on his back beside me on the bed. We were both breathing hard. I rolled over and kissed his chest. "Thank you baby, I love you." I whispered against his skin.
