 It was now 3:30 PM, Moscow time. Olga would arrive at Domodedovo airport in Moscow in three hours. Between now and then she was going to have to calm her nerves before meeting Yuri. You see, while on a business trip to New York she began an affair with a Mr. Chris Knight.

During her entire eight years of marriage she had never strayed from her vows, but for some reason she was irresistibly attracted to Chris. In her mind she was trying her best to figure out why it had happened? Was it because she and Yuri's busy work schedules required frequent travel? Was it because she felt she was growing apart from him mentally, or was it just common, everyday, unbridled lust? Even now, amidst all of her current mental anguish, she was still looking forward hearing from her new lover. 

Olga first met Yuri ten years ago, shortly after starting university in Moscow. He had come to lecture students interested in becoming entrepreneurs upon completing university. Yuri, in the ten years after having completed his university studies, started several internet companies which he sold to international corporations for millions of dollars.

During Yuri Petrovsky's lecture, he told the students he was now focusing his efforts on venture capitalism. He told them that he thought the brightest minds in the country, if not the world, could be found at the university. Furthermore, he said he was ready to invest in young minds that contained lucrative business ideas that were in need of seed money to get started. Yuri captivated his audience.

Olga was awe struck and inspired by Yuri' s presentation. So much so, she was compelled to meet him and share her ideas with him. Although she was only eighteen at the time, she had always been precocious. So in that spirit, it was nothing for her to run to the side of the stage and introduce herself.

"Mr. Petrovsky, congratulations on your inspiring presentation. I am sure my fellow classmates have many interesting ideas to share with you. However, for over a year, I have been mulling over an idea which may be of great interest to you," said Olga confidently.

"How bold of you to approach me with your idea in this way," said Yuri with a questioning look on his face. "However, besides a great idea and money, every entrepreneur must have confidence and a bold spirit!" said Yuri excitedly. "In light of this fact, meet me in 30 minutes near the main doors to the university dining room - you can then explain your idea to me. I must first talk to a few members of the school's administrative staff before I can speak with you."

With a beaming smile Olga agreed to Yuri' s meeting invitation. "Thank you very much for the opportunity Mr. Petrovsky, I look forward to our meeting." Yuri Petrovsky then disappeared into the crowd and went off to speak with the university's administrators.

Thirty minutes later Yuri appeared at the main doors to the university's dining hall, just as he had promised. They both quickly entered and found a table near the back of the hall so as to minimize the amount of attention that Yuri' s presence might draw. His two bodyguards sat at a nearby table, in order to be close, in the event they should become necessary. During the meeting Olga sketched out the seminal details of her current specialty business. Yuri was immediately impressed with her mind and her physical being. Olga was impressed with Yuri' s keen business sense and his total lack of pretentiousness. She had expected to spend most of the meeting listening to him talk about his ideas and past successes. However, he seemed genuinely interested in what she had to say and gave advice sparingly. He also exuded a calm confidence which she found both comforting and attractive. At the conclusion of their two hour meeting, Yuri left her with his private number and expressed a desire to meet with her again in the near future. Seven months later, after a whirlwind romance, they married.

"Bing-Bong!" sounded the chime over the plane's public address system, temporarily distracting Olga from her thoughts. "Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. Due to powerful tail winds, we will be arriving in Moscow in a hour and a half. If possible, you may want to call ahead and see if you can re-schedule pick-up times for your ground transportation. We thank you for flying with us." 

Olga thought to herself, "As often as I fly, I can probably count on one hand how many times have I actually arrived early at a destination. It seems as though the stars have aligned against me." Olga then took a moment to pause the voice in her head and calm herself down. She decided to rationalize her actions as those of a lonely woman, on a long distance international trip. It was all a big mistake that would never be repeated. She would mentally pack away the events of her trip and place them up on a shelf in one of the most remote corners of her mind. Olga celebrated having finally controlled her thoughts by calling the flight attendant and ordering a glass of champagne.

Meanwhile, back in New York City, Chris had arrived home early and had finally gotten around to opening the wrapped gift Olga had given him before she left for home. Attached to the present was a small card which Chris detached and opened first. It read, "Dearest Chris, This present will help us satisfy our unquenchable thirst for one another while we are apart. Love, Olga." Chris, baffled by the meaning of the note, immediately unwrapped the present. Upon unwrapping the gift, he discovered that Olga had given him some sort of a toy... a sex toy designed to satisfy his manly needs. Upon inspection of the instructions for this device, he discovered that he could use it alone, or it could be linked, via the internet, with a companion device designed to satisfy a woman's needs. According to the marketing slogan on the box, "It's the next best thing to being there!" Chris could not help but smile at the thought of Olga giving him such a gift. Apparently, she was going to miss him just as much as he would miss her.

Several hours later, after landing in Moscow, reuniting with Yuri and enjoying a sumptuous meal at one of Moscow's trendiest restaurants, Olga and Yuri arrived at their home in Moscow's most upscale neighborhood. When Olga first met Yuri at the airport, she felt extremely awkward. She felt as though the word "adulterer" was tattooed upon her forehead. However, after several glasses of wine and good conversation with Yuri, her awkwardness and sense of guilt melted away. In fact, now that they were home, Olga had an insatiable need for Yuri. Olga had not felt like this type of desire for Yuri in years.

"Open the door quickly Yuri, I have something very special for you," said Olga in a soft, seductive voice.

"Is that so my dear, I thought you might be weary from your travels and would be ready to settle down for a night of refreshing sleep?" said Yuri as he hurriedly unlocked the door to their home. "Now I am quite happy that I gave the house staff the night off."

"Believe me Yuri, you will not be disappointed," said Olga in a voice barely louder than a whisper.

Yuri finished unlocking the door and opened the door. Yuri and Olga hurriedly entered the residence and Yuri shut the door behind them. Yuri then turned to lock the door behind them. However, just as Yuri turned around to face Olga, Olga threw her body against Yuri and pinned him against the door. Olga kissed Yuri feverishly. For a moment Yuri was caught off guard and his kisses did not match the intensity of Olga's, but very quickly he gained his composure and matched Olga's passion.

During a brief pause in their activities, Yuri said, "Let us retire to our bedroom darling, we will both be more comfortable there?"

"No, No dear. I want you right here, right now!" said Olga in a low, breathy voice.

Yuri simply nodded his head in affirmation and they both resumed kissing. They both used their hands to explore one another's bodies with reckless abandon. Suddenly, Olga grabbed at Yuri's shirt and without bothering to undo the buttons, ripped it open causing the buttons to go "plink", "plink", "plink" as each button hit the marble floor.

Yuri reacted immediately and blurted out, "What has gotten into you Olga?!"

Olga's response was simple, "No talking dear!" Olga then undid Yuri' s belt and unzipped his pants. Next, while grabbing Yuri's pants and underwear with both hands, Olga rapidly pulled down both to his ankles. Yuri leaned with his back against the door and wore a bewildered look on his face. However, Olga' s eyes were not focused on Yuri' s face, they were keenly focused on Yuri' s turgid, thick erection.

Olga eagerly took Yuri's cock into her mouth and sucked on it relentlessly. Yuri let out a deep groan and his knees buckled slightly as a result of the intense oral stimulation being supplied by Olga's glorious mouth. Generous drops of saliva fell from the sides of Olga's mouth as she continued to vigorously suck her man's cock. Olga was a woman on fire...all she could think of was making Yuri explode.

After three minutes of Olga's world-class blow job, Yuri began to sense that he was very close to surpassing his ability to hold out. He knew that when they usually made love, it was typically a one and done affair. Therefore, he knew he could not cum before her, otherwise she might have to go unsatisfied. However, Yuri seriously misjudged how close he was to finishing. 

Just as Yuri uttered the word "STOP!", he felt his loins spasm, indicating he had reached the point of no return. Yuri quickly removed his cock from Olga's mouth, with his right hand, and grunted loudly just before his cock shot a long, warm stream of jism over Olga's left shoulder and onto the marble floor behind her.

Olga, excited by the sight of Yuri' s ejaculation, immediately grabbed his member and quickly placed it back in her warm, moist mouth. Just as she placed his cock in her mouth, Yuri fired a second stream of jism off in Olga's mouth and Olga swallowed it hungrily. Fifteen seconds and three more streams of jism later, Olga had emptied the contents of Yuri's balls and had swallowed every last drop. However, Olga was not finished, she continued to gently suck Yuri's softening cock.

"My darling that was unbelievable...I couldn't hold back. Please forgive me...I will take care of you in the morning."

Olga stopped sucking for a moment, looked up at Yuri and said with a sly smile, "Oh no sir, you are going to take care of me right now. In fact, lie down on the floor for me." With no hesitation, Yuri laid on the cool, marble floor before her.

Yuri was at a loss for words, during his entire relationship they had never done anything like this. He just laid motionless on the floor, deep in thought while his wife continued sucking on his quickly recovering cock. After about five minutes of her gentle sucking, he noticed that he was once again ready for action.

"Olga, it is now my turn to give you pleasure, stand up!" Olga stopped sucking and stood. "Face the door!" Olga complied. Then Yuri said, "Now put both of your hands on the door - bend forward slightly at the waist and spread your legs!" 

A shiver went down Olga's spine. Yuri had never asked her to do anything like this before, however, it excited her and she was eager to find out what would occur next.

Yuri stood beside Olga and just looked at her in silence for a moment. Then he gave her a playful smack on her right buttock and said, "Olga, I have always loved your ass!"

Olga let out a chuckle and said, "You've never said that before - I'm shocked."

"Well I don't always say what I am thinking," Yuri said with a smile in his voice. "No more talking, it's your turn to enjoy." 

Yuri quickly dropped to his knees, kissed Olga once on each of her buttocks and then eagerly began licking her pussy from behind. Yuri started out slowly, but over time increased the pace. At first Olga quietly moaned to herself, but after a few minutes she could no longer hide her moans.

"Are you enjoying this my dear?" Yuri stated slyly as he introduced one of his fingers into Olga's dripping twat.

"Yeessss!" Olga replied breathlessly as Yuri finger fucked her deeply and vigorously.

"Good!" replied Yuri with a smile. He immediately jumped to his feet and slid his throbbing cock into Olga from behind. Yuri felt Olga's vaginal muscles involuntarily squeeze his cock as he slid it in up to his balls. Olga's pussy felt so warm and inviting, he wondered how he had gone so long without it.

When Yuri first entered Olga from behind, she was overwhelmed. So much so, she felt weak in the knees. With each powerful thrust of Yuri' s cock, she felt herself getting closer and closer to orgasm. 

Olga screamed out, "Yuri - you are so good!"

"I am happy to hear that darling...cum for me, NOW!" commanded Yuri.

Olga felt Yuri' s grip on her waist tighten as he increased the speed at which he fucked her. The sound of their two bodies slapping together grew increasingly rhythmic. Sweat flew off of their bodies as their love making grew in intensity.

"Yuri, I am cumming!" screamed Olga, as she began to powerfully orgasm. Olga involuntarily closed her eyes as she savored every moment of her climax, which seemed to go on forever. Just as she recovered from her brilliant finale, she realized that Yuri continued to pound her pussy. However, shortly after Olga made this realization, Yuri stopped fucking her abruptly.

"Uhhhhh!" Yuri groaned loudly, as he shot several, warm, thick loads of semen deep inside of Olga. 

"Ah yes baby, give it all to me!" Olga growled encouragingly, as she felt Yuri's cock rhythmically pulse while he unloaded the entire contents of his swollen balls inside of her.

Fifteen seconds later, Yuri too was done. Both Yuri and Olga collapsed in front of the door, into each other's arms. They had both expended maximum energy during their lovemaking session and would need about fifteen minutes before they could both get up and retire to their bedroom. This had been a lovemaking session for the ages.

The next morning Yuri and Olga both awakened refreshed and contented. "Olga, last night you were spectacular. You inspired me to become a person I had never been before. I am in no way complaining, but what happened to you? You were transformed!"

Olga stuttered a bit before speaking and then said, "Uhh, I just missed you so much honey. It has been almost two weeks since I last saw you...I guess my desire for you just came out all at once."

"If I did not have an important appointment this morning my darling, I would do you again, however, I only have thirty minutes to meet my car out front," said Yuri.

"Don't worry darling, there will be plenty of time this evening," Olga said with a big smile on her face.

Once Yuri finished showering and dressing, he went over to their bed and gave a sleeping Olga a kiss on the forehead before heading off to his meeting. Olga awakened just enough to speedily say, "Have a good day honey," as he exited the bedroom door.

After an hour more of sleep, Olga awakened and began her day. She washed and dressed and headed straight for the kitchen to grab something to eat. While enjoying her breakfast of toast and cereal, she decided to check her phone for messages. It was rare for Olga to go for more than an hour without checking her messages. In this particular instance, she had not checked her messages since travelling on the flight from New York City. She was shocked to see that she had received about 20 messages. However, the one that she was most interested in was the one from a Mr. Chris Knight. Naturally, Olga skipped all of her other messages and opened Chris' first. 

The short message read:

Dear Olga, 

It has only been about 24 hours since we were last together, but I already miss you dearly. I unwrapped the unusual present you gave me and I am dying to try it out with you. Please let me know when you will have a chance...I want you right now!

Love, Chris

Olga had hoped that after last night with Yuri, her feelings for Chris would have subsided. However, she quickly discovered that was not the case. She was already trying to figure out what time, today, they might be able to get together to use their "toys." 

Since it was 9AM in Moscow, Olga quickly determined that it was only 4AM in New York City. Because Olga was just as desperate for Chris as he was for her, Olga figured Chris would not be upset to receive a phone call at 5 AM to "play!" Olga blushed at she looked forward to her adult play session with Chris, she knew it would be steamy. She could already feel parts of her body being stimulated by her own naughty thoughts. Her anticipation of the future event excited her to no end. 

The Big Bang - Chapter 5 coming soon!