 Authors note: I know compared to many of the earlier chapters this one is actually short. I'm going to try to shorten the later ones at least a little. She does have a lot of states to cover so I'm hoping to submit two chapters at a time after this one. I'm working on her next conquest but not sure when I will get them done as I have other projects in the fire as well, so thought I would at least give you guys this one. Hope you enjoy it.

sexygirl76

*****

About a year later, I was sitting in a hotel room in Texas for the weekend. The place where I needed to drop my load wasn't open on the weekends, so I was stuck until Monday morning. Normally I stayed in not so nice places like the Motel 6 or something like that. But I had just gotten paid and decided to splurge. I was staying at the Hyatt in the middle of Houston. It was a warm day and I had the air conditioning blasting as I lay back on the bed and sighed.

It was Saturday and I still had two days before I could do anything. I thought about going down to the pool and doing some laps, but I didn't have the energy to move. I had called my parents last night when I got in to tell them where I was and how things were going. They told me it was as hot up there as it was here. I had taken a cold shower and dropped into bed when I got here last night.

I forced myself to sit up and throw my legs over the side of the bed. Even with the air conditioner blasting it was still warm in the room. My entire body was covered in sweat and I sighed. It was going to be a long summer. I stood up and headed into the bathroom. When I looked in the mirror I sighed, I looked exhausted. I had been driving all across the country the last few months. I hadn't been home in almost two months. "I need a vacation." I said to the empty room as I ran my hands over my face.

As I stepped into the shower, I told myself I was going to call Berry and see about getting a run back towards home. Then maybe taking a couple days off to see the relatives. My nieces 2nd birthday was coming up and my sister had insisted I be there for the party. I stood under the cool water and let it run over my body. "God that feels good." I murmured turning around so the water could hit my back. I closed my eyes and stood under the water, not wanting to move. It felt so good on my overheated body.

I finally turned off the water and stepped out of the shower. I wrapped a towel around myself and walked back into the main room. I walked over to the bed and sat down on it and picked up the phone calling room service. I placed my order then leaned back on the bed relaxing. They said it would be about an hour so I closed my eyes and within minutes was fast asleep.

I woke to a knock on the door. I called out who is it? As I climbed off the bed. I barely noticed as I left the towel on the bed and walked towards the door.

"Room service, I'm here with your order ma'am." Came the voice from the other side of the door.

I walked over to the door and opened it. A man in his mid to late 30's stood there with a cart of food. "Hey..." I smiled at him.

He looked up at me and his eyes widened and he coughed. "Um..Where do you want it?" He stammered.

I pointed to the middle of the room and he wheeled the cart into the room. He kept his eyes down as he finished. "Will there be anything else?" He coughed.

I couldn't figure out what was wrong with him until I looked down at myself. "Oh shit." I cried running to the bed and grabbing the towel and wrapping it around myself.

He blushed and finally lifted his eyes to mine. "Y...You have a beautiful body." He stammered as his face turned redder.

I wrapped the towel tighter around myself and looked at him. He was ruggedly handsome in his own way. He stood about 5'11" and had a medium build. He wore a patch over one eye and I wondered what had happened to him. I let my eyes drift down over his body and saw the bulge in his pants. I smiled and licked my lips, suddenly hungry but not for food. "Thank you." I said letting the towel slip a little so the top of my breasts were showing.

His eyes widened and he licked his lips. "I...I should get back to work."

I reached out and put my hand on his arm. "You don't have to go yet do you?" I let the towel slip down a bit further and he sucked in his breath.

I let my fingers brush over his face and he looked at me. "What's your name?" I asked huskily.

He swallowed a couple of times before he found his voice. His one eye was focused on my breast and he was breathing a bit heavier. I saw the bulge in his jeans twitch and I smiled. "M..Matthew." He finally got out.

I let the towel fall to the floor and smiled at him. "I'm Amber, it's nice to meet you Matthew."

He let his eye travel over my body then forced it away as he looked towards the door. "Um..I get off in an hour." 

I licked my lips and smiled. "Will you come back?"

He lifted his eye to my face and smiled softly. "If you want me to."

I reached out and grabbed his crotch with my hand. He sucked in his breath and gasped as his eye widened. "Oh yes, I would definitely like that." I purred slowly stroking him.

He stood there staring at me for a minute then seemed to compose himself. "I really need to get back to work, but I'll be back if you're serious."

I released him and stood back. "Come back handsome, I could use some fun."

He leaned forward and kissed me quickly then pulled away blushing. I grabbed his head and pulled his lips to mine kissing him hard as my tongue probed for entrance into his mouth. He moaned and wrapped his arms around me as he opened his mouth and I deepened the kiss. He pulled my body tight against his and I wiggled against him.

He pulled back and smiled at me. "I'll be back." 

Then he was gone. I stood there breathless for a minute then grabbed my t-shirt and pulled it on over my head before turning to the food. For some reason I was suddenly famished.

An hour later I was laying back on the bed lazily brushing my hand against my pussy when there was a knock at the door. I didn't bother to cover myself just walked over naked and opened the door. Matthew stood there in a pair of tight jeans and a t-shirt. His hair was wet like he had just gotten out of the shower. "I was wondering if you were going to come back." I said moving back so he could enter the room, then I closed the door behind him.

He stared at me for a minute then smiled. "I had to shower and change. You haven't changed your mind have you?"

I took his hand in mine and placed it against my pussy. "Does this look like I changed my mind?"

He pushed a finger inside me and smiled. "You're soaked, what have you been doing?"

I just smiled and wiggled against him. "Just waiting for you."

He pulled his hand free and took my hand in his, leading me over to the bed. He pushed me back on it, then stood in front of me and started to strip out of his clothes. I leaned back on my hands and watched him with hungry eyes. Once he was naked, I ran my eyes over him, he was a bit muscular but not overly so, there was a string of hair down over his chest that led down to cover just above his cock and balls. I licked my lips and sat up smiing at him. "You look good enough to eat." I said licking my lips again.

He smiled showing a mouthful of perfect white teeth and his one eye sparkled with desire. "Well I'm right here honey, you can eat anything you want." He said huskily.

I grinned at him and slid off the bed, moving to my knees in front of him. He looked down at me, watching me with heat filled eyes as I leaned forward and ran my lips over his stomach, gently touching him with my tongue. He moaned and tipped his head back closing his eye as I continued the soft caresses on his skin. 

I ran my hands up over his legs, gently raking him with my nails as I continued with the soft licks and bites on his stomach slowly moving downward. He growled softly in his throat and rested his hands on my shoulders trying to push me downward. I smiled against his skin as I let him push me closer to where his cock was rock hard and dripping bits of precum. I let my eyes run over him and smiled, he was about 8 ½ inches long and a couple inches thick. He wasn't huge, but as long as a guy knew how to use it, they didn't have to be hung like a horse.

I continued kissing my way down over his body, until I was right in front of his cock. Without touching him, I leaned down and wrapped my lips around him, taking as much of his cock into my hungry mouth as I could. He whimpered and bucked forward with his hips burying more of his cock between my lips.

I closed my eyes as I whipped my tongue over him, moving my head back and forth letting his cock slip back and forth between my closed lips. He growled in his throat and moved his fingers to my hair tangling his fingers in it as he gripped my hair tightly and jerked me down over his cock. I moaned as I let him move me over his cock, his breathing was getting ragged and he was jerking violently against me as I worked him over with my mouth. "Ugh...oh baby, oh yes, that feels so good, suck that cock." He sighed furiously fucking my face.

I made little whimpering noises in my throat as I sucked hard at him. His cock was leaking precum like crazy and I was drinking it up hungrily then digging around for more. I could hear his breathing becoming even harsher and had a feeling he was getting close to filling my mouth with his sweet nectar.

I lifted my eyes to his face. His eye was closed and his hips were jerking hard and fast against me. His mouth was partially open and cries were escaping from between his lips. "Oh...oh fuck baby, you keep that up and I'm going to cum." He cried opening his eye and looking down at me.

I locked my eyes on his as I attacked his cock even harder, refusing to let the hard flesh leave my lips. He smiled down at me and closed his eye once more as he opened his mouth wider and let out a loud howl as he bucked hard into my mouth and suddenly my mouth was full of cum. I swallowed as fast as I could but little bits of cum slipped from between my lips. 

When he was finally empty, he released my hair and kinda slumped back. I licked around his cock looking for any cum I may have missed then slowly let his half hard cock slip from between my lips. I licked my lips, licking up all the cum I missed then looked up at him with a smile. "You taste better then I thought." I said with a grin.

He looked down at me with a smile, then surprised me as he reached down, grabbed me by the arms, pulling me to my feet then locked his mouth on mine and licked the inside of my mouth. I knew he could taste himself on my tongue and melted against him as I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him back.

Matthew moaned against my lips as he wrapped his arms around me, pulling me tight against him as he deepened the kiss. I returned his kiss hungrily and when we finally broke apart we were both breathing heavy. He looked at me through his eye and it was dark and full of desire. He squeezed my ass and pulled me even tighter against him so I could feel his hardening cock pressing against me. I smiled at him as I raked my nails over his back. "What do you want baby?" I asked huskily.

He smiled as he suddenly lifted me and I squealed as my feet left the ground. I wrapped my legs around his waist as he carried me back over to the bed. Keeping me in his arms, he climbed onto the bed, moving towards the center of it, before laying me back so the bed came up to meet me. Once I felt the bed beneath me, he finally released me and started kissing his way down over my body.

The way he was kissing me, tickled and I couldn't lay still. I wiggled around as he dropped kisses over each of my breasts before finally taking one of my nipples between his lips sucking hard at it. I purred and bucked up against him as I ran my fingers through his hair. His hair was so soft and I just ran my fingers through it as he nursed at my nipple while he pawed at my other breast with his hand.

I felt my nipple harden in his lips and lifted against him as he let it go with a smack of his lips then attacked the other one, giving it the same treatment. I whimpered as I wiggled beneath him, my pussy was on fire but he didn't seem in any hurry to put the fire out. 

It seemed like forever that he attacked my nipples with his lips and tongue. I cried out as I jerked beneath him trying to quiet the burning in my pussy and pushed on his shoulders trying to get him to move lower. He finally released my nipple and started kissing his way downward once more. When it seemed like he was going to touch my pussy, I smiled then gasped at the sudden touch of his tongue on my pussylips. He hadn't touched my clit or anything, just ran his tongue over my pussy lip and I felt like a bolt of lightning had suddenly hit me. I cried out and bucked up against him as I closed my eyes.

"Hm...let's see what treasure you have for me." He said softly and I felt him spread my pussy lips open. I opened my eyes and looked down at him, then quickly closed them again and whimpered as he brushed his tongue against my clit. He ran his tongue back and forth over my clit while I whimpered and shivered, my hips jerking against him.

I felt him slide two fingers inside me and let out a shaky breath as I lifted my hips against him. He slowly worked them inside me as he continued the slow torture on my clit. My head was shaking back and forth and my hands were tangled in his hair jerking him even closer to me as I fought to catch my breath. Ragged pants were escaping my lips as I moved beneath him. "Ugh...eat me baby, make me cum." I cried as he worked his fingers a bit faster inside me.

When I felt yet another finger slide inside me with the others, I almost screamed in pleasure as the feelings inside me suddenly built to a fever pitch. I started thrashing hard against him as my breath came out even harsher than before. Strange sounds were flying from between my lips, they weren't really words, they were just sounds that showed him how much I enjoyed his attentions. When I felt his teeth graze my clit, my body exploded and I screamed as I went flying over the edge into ecstasy.

I collapsed against the bed; my eyes closed as I fought to breathe and felt him move up over me. I slowly opened my eyes and stared into his smiling face. "You taste good honey." He said leaning down and kissing me softly.

I smiled and ran my fingers over his face, when my fingers touched his lips. He kissed them then sucked the tip of my finger into his mouth sucking gently on it. I smiled then giggled as I watched him sucking on my fingers. When he finally released my fingers, he leaned down and kissed me softly again. "I've got a condom in my jeans." He said softly staring into my eyes.

I pulled his lips to mine, kissing him quickly then pushed him off of me. "Well get it stud, I wanna feel that huge meat inside me."

He laughed as he climbed off the bed and grabbed his jeans. He dug in one of the pockets and pulled out the foil packet before climbing back on the bed and covering my body with his own once more. He tore open the condom then shifted so he was suddenly sitting on my chest as he handed me the condom. "Put it on me and I'll give you the ride of your life." He said huskily, his eye sparkling with desire.

I licked my lips my pussy pulsing with need. I leaned forward and wrapped my lips around his cock sucking gently on the tip and was rewarded with him moaning and tipping his head back. I sucked at the tip of his cock for another minute then let it slip out of my lips and slowly rolled the condom down over him. He looked down at me and there was hunger in his eye as he watched me. When the condom was in place, he moved off of me and pushed my legs back against my chest as he leaned down over me. I felt my legs pressing against my chest as he leaned against me and I felt his cock pressing against my burning pussy. "Give it to me." I sighed huskily lifting as best I could.

He kept his eye on my face as he slowly pressed into me. I whimpered as I felt my muscles stretching around him and forced myself to keep my eyes open watching his face as he slowly penetrated my body. I rested my hands on his shoulders and lifted against him smiling as he closed his eye and moaned as he filled me completely. "Oh yes, you feel so good." He sighed slowly withdrawing.

I lowered my hips as he pulled out then lifted against him as he pushed into me once more. He kept his strokes, long, but slow, his eye locked on mine watching my face as he slowly moved inside my body. I whimpered as he moved slowly inside me then squealed as he suddenly started moving faster, his balls slapping against me whenever he drilled into me. "Yes, oh god yes, fuck me." I cried raking my nails over his chest and arms.

Matthew tipped his head back and growled as he pierced me harder, driving me into the mattress with his powerful strokes. He had his eye closed and his lips open as cries of pleasure escaped his lips. "Oh fuck, so tight and so good." He cried leaning down and nibbling on my neck with his teeth.

I wrapped my arms around him, holding him against me as I moved against him. I could feel my orgasm building and cried out as I suddenly went flying over the edge. "Ugh...I'm cumminnnnnggggg..." I cried tipping my head back and closing my eyes as my body tightened with release.

"Oh...oh yes baby, I'm right there with you, fuck..." Matthew cried as he bottomed out inside me and let go filling the condom with his seed. He collapsed against me breathing hard and kissed me softly. "That was fantastic."

I giggled as I caressed his face. "Well you know the night is still young."

He smiled at me and carefully pulled out of me pulling off the soiled condom and grinned at me. "Good thing I brought plenty of protection then."

By the time Monday morning came along, I was actually sorry to pack up and leave the hotel room and Matthew behind. He gave me a kiss before I left and told me if I ever wanted a repeat performance that I knew where to find him. Over the years, I have had a few good times with Matthew but nothing serious ever came out of it and eventually he found a nice girl and settled down, so he is happy now, while I am still looking for Mr. or even Ms. Right.

To be continued...