 I've been having a good time with this story, so I hope you have fun reading it.

In this chapter, Brent and Sarah explore their feelings for each other.

*****

"Do you have to go to work today?" I asked quietly. I knew she was awake, I'd been playing with her tits for half an hour. She was trying to pretend that she was asleep, but she'd moan, or move her body, trying to get me to touch her is a particular spot. 

"Hmmmmm?" she purred, arching her back up so her nipple pressed against my lips, which were hovering right above it.

"I said, do you have to work today?" I repeated, then sucked her nipple into my mouth.

"Oh god." She moaned, then squeezed one eye open. "Why aren't you fucking me? I've been laying here waiting for you to fuck me, but you just keep playing with my titties. You're supposed to wake me up by fucking me."

"I didn't know that was a rule." I laughed, running my tongue around the bumpy ring of her areola.

"It is, I told you that right after you did it the first time." She giggled, bringing her hand down onto the back of my head and pressing my mouth harder against her breast.

"I'll remember that." I mumbled into her areola. I glanced up at her, but her eyes were closed again, and there was a blissful expression on her face.

I worked on the rubbery bud of her nipple for a few minutes, then moved over to the over one.

"You're still not fucking me." She whispered, humping her hips up at me. "But what you're doing feels really good. So I won't punish you...this time."

"And just how would you punish me?" I asked, trying not to laugh. "Just out of idle curiosity, I mean."

I lifted my hips as I waited for her to answer me, and my cockhead pressed against the opening of her pussy. She purred again, and her legs opened wider.

"Oh god, why are you teasing me like this?" She whined, opening her eyes and looking up at me.

"Because you're letting me." I mumbled around her nipple. "If you didn't like it, you would have already put me in you, and been fucking me."

"True." She laughed, bringing her heels up and poking me in the ass with them. "But I like it when you do it. When you do it, it gets me really hot, then when you let me start moving you, I cum like crazy knowing you're letting me use you for my own pleasure. It's just better for me if you start us off..."

"I see." I said lightly, raising up off of her. I reached down and pinched her nipples between my fingers, easing my cockhead into the soft, wet heat of her pussy at the same time.

"Oh god, that feels wonderful." She whimpered as I stroked just the head of my cock slowly in and out of her. The tight ring of muscle at the opening of her pussy resisted on the instroke, then closed around the shaft of my cock, then resisted again on the outstroke. "Oh fuck, that's so good! I can't describe it, but yo...you're...oh shit, it just feels so fucking good!"

"You just like feeling my cock in you." I laughed, pinching both of her nipples, then releasing the pressure on one, while squeezing harder on the other.

"Oh god! More! Give me more!" She whined, her back arching, forcing her tits up at me as her heels applied pressure on my asscheeks.

"More of what my goddess?" I asked softly. "More of this?" I released the nipple I was pinching, and applied pressure to the other one. "Or more of this?" I asked, easing the top third of my cock into her.

"Yeeesssssss!" She hissed, starting to move under me.

"That wasn't a yes or no question." I said, pinching both nipples sharply. I plowed my cock into her balls deep at the same time.

"Yeeeessss!!" She hissed again, louder this time. Her hips humped up at me, and her heels started pumping me in and out of her.

"I want you to fuck me." I told her, bringing my face right down over hers.

"I am." She panted, moving faster under me. "I'm doing all the work...as usual."

"No, I want you to get on top, and ride me."

She froze, but a series of sharp spasms rippled through her pussy and she groaned deep in her throat. She opened her eyes after a moment, and she stared up at me.

"Do you want to ride me?" I asked, trying not to smile. "You can control the pace, and do anything you want. It might even go in a little deeper that way too."

"Dee...deeper? Oh shit...you already go deeper than anyone else has. I don't know if I can take much more."

"Chicken? Afraid of getting a little more dick inside that hot, tight, wet little pussy?" I asked, pumping my hips to punctuate each word.

"Oh, your little ass is in for it now!" She laughed as she started to roll over.

"Whoa! Not so fast!" I said, putting my hand on her shoulder and pushing her back down on the bed. "You just roll over on top of me and that's it, game over. You just crushed me. We do this my way, and I promise you're going to get the ride of your life." 

"Promises, promises." She giggled. "But by all means, lead on."

"Okay." I said, sliding off of her and rolling over onto my back. "Come over here and climb on."

She slid over next to me and threw one leg over me, straddling my hips. She looked down at me expectantly.

"Can uh...can I put it in me, or do you want to do that?"

"Go for it."

She raised up, reaching down and wrapping her hand around my cock. She lined it up with the opening of her pussy, then sighed as she lowered herself down onto it.

"Oh my god, you were right, it does go in deeper." She gasped. Her hips started working up and down slowly.

"Glad you like it." I laughed. "That's position number one. Now, put your hands on the bed on either side of me."

Leaning forward, she put her hands on the bed on either side of me.

"I don't know if I like this, the other way felt better." She said, frowning down at me.

"Give it a minute, tell me how this feels." I said, putting my hands on her hips and arching my ass up at her. My cock slid smoothly up into her, and I started pumping in and out in long, lazy strokes.

"Oh yeah, that's alot better." She moaned, pushing down to meet my strokes. "We can both move like this, and you can move me the way you want."

"Yup, that's position two. For position three, you drop down so your forearms are on the bed."

"Mmmmmm, that's nice. It changes the angle, but it still goes in really deep." She giggled.

"For position four, you just lower your body a little and press yourself against me." I said, trying not to groan as she pumped up and down on me. "We're not gonna be doing that one much till this damn tape comes off. I'm looking forward to it, cuz I like feeling you against me."

"I wanna do number one, I really like the way that felt." Sarah giggled, then raised up till she was sitting upright over me.

Reaching up, I started stroking my hands over her thighs. She sighed as she started moving up and down, and her breathing got faster and heavier very quickly. She was staring down between her legs, watching my hand as it got closer to her crotch.

"Yo...you're gonna touch my clit, aren't you?" She panted, bringing her hands up to cup her tits, which were starting to flop and bounce around over her chest.

"I was thinking about it." I said.

"Oh god, you're teasing me again." She moaned, her eyes flicking up to my face, then back between her legs. My fingertips were right under her hair covered cunt mound, and she pressed down, taking me in to the root. I pulled my fingers back just as she bottom out. 

"Oooohhhhh!" She groaned. "That's cheating!"

"Yes." I said, flicking her clit with the tip of one finger. "But you love it, so you're going to put up with it, aren't you?"

She groaned, and a shudder ran through her, but she didn't answer. I moved my fingers up, tracing them lightly around over the swollen inner lips of her pussy, but avoiding her clit.

"Touch my clit." She said softly, pushing her pussy down onto the root of my cock and moving her hips in slow circles.

"No." I said, arching my hips up to meet her next downstroke, making her gasp. 

"Touch my clit." She said in a firmer voice. "Your goddess commands you!"

"No." I said again, putting my hands on her hips and pulling her down onto me as I stroked up at her.

She stopped moving, and stared down at me. 

"You're not playing right! You're supposed to do what I tell you!"

"No, the player on the bottom has the power, and makes the rules." I said, looking up at her. "You just happened to be on the bottom most of the time. Now I'm on the bottom, and I'm making the rules."

"I don't think I like this game anymore." She pouted.

"Get into position three."

"Why should I?" She asked. Her look had changed from a pout to a glare.

"Because I told you too." I said lightly, then added, "But I think you're going like what's going to happen."

"You promise?" She asked softly, but she started to lean forward.

"No, but I really do think you're gonna like it."

She finally put her hands on the bed and dropped down onto her forearms

"Now what?" She asked. Her hips were already moving over me in slow circles.

"Touch your clit." I said, looking at her steadily.

"What?" she asked, her eyes going wide.

"Touch your clit. Rub it, use light, soft strokes to start."

"What if I don't?" she asked

"Your loss. You're the one that wants someone to touch her clit."

"Good point." she said, starting to smile. Lifting her arm from the bed, she moved her hand between her legs, and a moment later, a happy sigh came from between her lips. "Oh, that's so good."

"Glad you like it, now fuck me. Use long, slow strokes. Move up as far as you can, then take it all the way in. Do that ten times, then stop."

"Why? What are you doing?" She asked. But she did as I told her.

"We're going to play a game. But for you to enjoy it, you have to do exactly as I tell you. Do you understand me?"

Her head was hanging down, her hair covering her face, but I could see her nod. A moment later, she said "Ten.", and stopped moving.

Her fingers kept up a steady movement on her clit, and she whined deep in her throat, her pussy fluttering wildly around me.

I let her sit for a moment, and just before she looked up, I said, "Twenty strokes hard and fast. Take it as deep as you can, then pull up as far as you can off of my cock. Rub your clit really fast...light touch, fast motion."

She leapt into motion, her pussy shuttling up and down over my cock as she rocked back and forth rapidly over me. Sooner than I expected, she stopped as she said, "Twenty.".

"Stop moving your fingers." I said gently.

"What?" She gasped, her head coming up, her hair an auburn halo around her face.

"I said, stop moving your fingers."

"Why?" She whined, her face screwed up in a combination of panic and lust.

"Because that's the way the game is played." I told her.

Her fingers finally came to a stop between her legs, and she looked at me pleadingly.

"You're going to let me cum aren't you?" She panted.

"Yes...eventually."

"Oh god." she groaned, and her pussy fluttered wildly around me. She looked at me, as she asked, "What's this game called anyway?"

"Denial and overload." I said, trying not to smile.

"Oh fuck...that doesn't sound good..."

"You're going to love it. You're already getting into it." I said, smiling up at her.

Before she could say anything, I gave her another command.

"Move any way you want, and rub your clit with soft, gentle strokes. I'm going to count to twenty. when I say twenty, I want you to freeze, and not move a muscle. Do you understand me?"

She didn't answer, but her hips burst into a flurry of motion, pounding roughly up and down on my cock. When I said ten, she changed to a slow, deep stroke, moving her hips from side to side. At fifteen, she started moving in an underslung stroke that made the top of my cock stroke across the upper wall of her pussy.

When I said twenty, she froze in place, gasping for breath.

"Ten more, hard and deep...don't touch your clit. Go."

"Ooooohhh." she whined, but she did as I told her.

As soon as she stopped, I said, "Five long, slow, tip to root strokes, make each one last as long as you can. Rub your clit as hard and fast as you can."

It took her over a minute to finish those five strokes, and I know that she came at least twice while she was doing it.

I let her sit for a minute, waiting for her to start to fidget. She started squirming on me, and a moment later, she looked up at me.

"Get down between my legs."

She just looked at me, then slid up off my cock very slowly until it slipped out of her. She moved on her hands and knees down over my body, not taking her eyes off of mine.

"Put both hands on my cock, one on top of the other, stack them." I said casually as she got settled between my legs.

She did as I told her, and her eyes got wide as she saw that there was room for another hand on the shaft.

"Oh my god." she whispered, her eyes flicking back and forth between my face and my cock.

"Keep one hand on my cock, and put the other hand between your legs." I told her. I waited as she moved one hand slowly down between her legs, her eyes firmly locked on mine now. "You can play with your clit, or put two fingers inside, which one do you want?"

"Clit." she whispered.

"Do you know what I want you to do?" I asked her.

"Yes." She answered.

"Do you want to do it?"

A small smile crept across her face, and she said, "Yes."

"Lick the shaft from the based to the knob, then run your tongue back and forth along the underside of the knob." I said. "Tap your clit with two fingers."

The first touch of her tongue on the base of my cock sent a shiver through me. By the time she reached to knob, I was a quivering mass of nerve endings.

She watched me the whole time, and she knew that she was driving me crazy. But she did exactly as I told her, repeating the stroke over and over. Her hot breath washed over my cock and balls as her excitement increased. 

After a couple of minutes, I had to make her stop. She smirked up at me as she waited for the next command. I threw her a curve ball.

"Rub your clit any way you want, and tell my cock what you love about it. You can touch it, but you have to use a slow, soft stroke."

She gasped as she started rubbing her clit, and her hot breath washed over the head. She had her eyes closed, and she started breathing harder.

"I love how long and thick you are." She said softly, her lips almost brushing against the underside of my cock. Her hand started moving, and she gripped the shaft loosely, her skin barely touching mine.

"I love the way you fill my pussy, like no other cock or toy I've ever put inside me. You are the perfect cock. You were made for my pussy, and she loves you with every fiber of her being. When you're not inside her, she feels empty, and longs for you. When you are inside her, she feels complete, filled to bursting with overwhelming joy."

She paused, gasping, and she humped her ass down toward the bed. Her arm muscles jumped as she worked her fingers between her legs.

"I...I love waking up with you inside me, whether you're hard or soft. I know you'll get hard in me, and when you start fucking me, my whole body sings."

Her eyes opened and she stared at me as she began speaking again.

"I love the way you fuck me. I love the hard, rough, deep strokes that beat at my cervix, and I love the long, slow, teasing strokes, that feel like they last a lifetime each. I love the way you throb inside me, each pulse pushing against the soft, wet inner walls of my pussy, and I love the fat flaring rim under your head. It feels so good pushing into me, spreading me open for the rest of you to follow."

She paused, her eyes closing as she took in several deep breaths.

"I love it when you shoot in me, spitting out all that hot, creamy cum. The first spurts burn me, then coat the inside of my pussy with liquid fire, and I just melt around you."

Trying not to groan, I managed to croak out, "Come up here."

"Are you going to put him back inside me?" She asked as she started moving up the bed. She kept her hand between her legs. I didn't know if it was because I hadn't told her to stop, or if she didn't want to.

"Come up here." I said again.

"Do I have to stop touching myself?" She asked

"No, come up here."

She stopped, straddling my waist, raising up and reaching down for my cock.

"Come up here." I said again, pulling on her legs.

Her eyes lit up when she realized what I wanted, and she laughed as I slid down the bed, meeting her halfway. I looked up at her just before she got settled just over my face.

"Feed me."

"In a minute." She said, her fingers moving lazily over her clit.

She reached behind her, her fingers wrapping around my cock, and she began stroking me lazily.

"Give me the power back." She said softly.

"No." I grunted, sliding my hand up her legs and grabbing her ass. I tried to pull her pussy down as I lifted my head, struggling to get a taste of her.

She raised up, keeping her juice dripping pussy just out of my reach. Her hand squeezed and stroked my cock steadily, her fingers moving up over the swollen knob, gathering up my pre-cum to lubricate her hand.

I watched as she shivered, her legs tensing, a small spurt of her juices soaking her fingers and running down the insides of her thighs.

"I want the power back." She said, lowering her ass toward me. "Give it to me. I want to do something."

"What?"

"Give me the power, and I'll tell you."

"You have to..."

"No I don't. We trade the power all the time, and you know it." She said, spreading her legs wider over me, then moving her fingers off her clit, using them to spread the lips of her pussy. "It doesn't matter who's on top or the bottom, it's about who takes control of the moment."

She paused, looking down at me.

"You want to lick my pussy. You want to stick your tongue in my hot, wet little cunt and lick up my juices." She said. "And I really want you to, but I can't let you, until you give me the power back."

I nodded, relaxing her grip on her ass. 

"Thank you." She sighed. 

"Lick the insides of my thighs. Lick up the juice that's running down my legs. Look at me while you do it."

I nodded again, turning my head and running my tongue slowly up the inside of one thigh. As I got close to her pussy, she raised up, shaking her head at me.

I nodded again, turning my head to lap up the spicy nectar coating the inside of her other thigh. I moved back and forth, looking up at her steadily as I cleaned every drop of her juices I could find.

"Tell my pussy one thing you love about her." She said, easing her cunt closer to my face.

"I love the way you feel around my cock, the way you flutter and squeeze me, milking and sucking me deep inside you."

"Lick my pussylip...just one. Lick it, suck it...get it clean."

I raised my head, meeting her as she brought her pussy closer and sucked one of her puffy inner lips into my mouth. I nibbled on thick, wet flesh with my tongue, but she raised up suddenly, rolling to the side and falling onto her back on the bed.

"What are you doing?" I asked, raising up and looking at her.

"If I gave you the power back right now, what would you do with it?" She asked, looking at me steadily.

Rolling over onto my stomach, I moved over between her legs, my face inches from her pussy. I kissed the inside of one thigh gently, then the other before I looked up at her.

"I would worship my goddess, and bring her the pleasure she desires."

"Why am I your goddess?" She asked.

"That's easy." I laughed, moving up to kneel between her legs. "You're my goddess, because you are a goddess. You dominate any room you're in, filling it with your physical presence. Other women are jealous of you, and men desire you. I never thought I would be with a woman like you, even though I dreamed about it."
