 It was the end of another day at the Studies of Modern Language convention. He had been at the convention for 5 days and was tired of it. These conventions were very tiring. Twenty thousand people running around the convention center taking science for 10 hours and now off to dinner to talk more science. Yesterday Dave had given his talk. Those days were always black with anxiety, having to give a talk on your work to 300 critical minds, but yesterday also brought freak storms to New Orleans. Something the locals called a micro-tornado had actual struck the convection center and done a small amount of damage. However today there was a change in the weather. It looked like it would be a warm November evening. Just one more day and Dave could fly home.

Dave was walking the length of the convention center back to his hotel to prepare for dinner with colleagues. Since the last time the convention was held in New Orleans, the convention center had expanded, now covering close to a half mile. The Society for Studies of Modern Language was stuck at the far end of the center taking up about half of its space. The portion of the center closest to the French Quarter where Dave was staying was empty the first part of the week, but was now filling up with a convention for the American Heart Association or something like that. All Dave knew was that he had to walk the length of the building thru an ever-increasing crowd. This crowd changed as he approached the end of the convention center. The Studies of Modern Language members were a very casual crowd being mostly English professors and a few history professors and the medical types at the other end of the building were far more formal. Blue jeans and T-shirts were changing to double breasted suits. 

Dave loved having the convention in New Orleans. He liked the food, good music and the flowing alcohol and sex on display. It was a look but don't touch experience for Dave because he was married - he looked forward to his homecoming because this place exuded sexual energy and he was getting a little horny. But he did enjoy the town. He didn't get out much and didn't drink much anymore, so this annual convention in nostalgic of his college days at UW-Madison when good music and drinking were the norm. He was contemplating where the group was going to eat this evening when he bumped into someone. This was not unique in and of it self because it was so crowded everyone was bumping into everyone else. However this time he sidestepped into a taped off area of the damaged hall and slipped on some debris and fell. Crack! His head hit the ground.

The next thing he knew he was on the ground looking up at a woman in a suit. 

"Hi Dave," the woman said.

As he mumbled, "Excuse me," to the woman in the suit, he wondered how she knew his name and then he realized he was still wearing his name badge or as his friends called them 'Geek Badges.' As he focused on this 5 foot 3 inch brunette in a suit, assumed she didn't know him.

"Dave, it’s me Mary," the woman in the suit said. Dave mentally stopped and looked past the suit and at the person in the suit. It was Mary Adams, one of his friends from college. What was she doing here in that suit? Then he remembered she had become a surgeon and specialized in thoracic surgery and was now an attending physician at the University of Iowa. She must be attending the other convention. 

Dave's mind began to spin. He hadn't seen her in almost 15 years. They had been really close. He remembered the first time the met in biology 101. From first moment he laid eyes on her, he had a crush that still weighed heavily in his heart.

Up until that moment his day had by perfectly planned. Which talks he would go to during the day, what restaurant he would eat at in the evening and with whom and even the topic of conversation were all very predictable, as predictable as his life had been. He was average Dave. He had two cars, one house with white picket fence, 2.3 children and a loving wife. He mind raced back to biology 101 to a time before the entire normalcy started. He was dreaming of the possibilities.

"Dave, are you Okay?" he heard her voice again. He closed his mouth and smiled.

"Yeah, I am okay. It has been a long time hasn't it?" Dave said, sitting up.

"It sure has. What ever happened to that Buddies for Life thing?"

'What did indeed?' thought Dave as he remembered how she always had a boy friend around. In college it was George. His father owned the largest security system business in Milwaukee. Safe George. Then in medical school it was Scott, a fellow Med Student. He felt certain there would be a man in her life not far from her elbow even now.

"What are you doing for dinner? I just arrived this afternoon for registration and don't have any plans." She said, smiling at him.

"No plans," he dropped his scientific colleagues faster than they could say ‘Mixed Metaphor’. "Where do you want to go?" 

"First to my hotel room to change out of this suit and into something more appropriate for cruising the streets of New Orleans. You can dump your stuff there if you want."

He wanted. "Okay, you lead the way."

She was staying at the Maison DuPuy that was just around the corner from his hotel, the Prince Conti. Dave sat on the hotel bed while Mary changed in the bathroom. They talked about old times and Dave got up and paced to the chair in the corner so he could hear her better. The she popped her head out of the bathroom to ask what restaurant they should go to. He could see he long dark hear, her bright blue eyes, big smile, shoulder and white bra strap.

"I thought we could start at Phelix's for oysters to start." He said memorizing the brief glimpse of the white lace strap dreaming about where the strap led. "We can find a better place for the main course."

"Sounds good to me," she said emerging from the bathroom.

She was dressed in blue jeans and a sweatshirt that had colorful jester its front proclaiming New Orleans Jazz. The cloths themselves weren't reveling, but her athletic body, he always remembered, filled them out with all the right curves.

Off they went to Bourbon Street and the Oyster bars. On the way they stopped at a street side vender selling drinks. New Orleans is a wonderful place at night thought Dave as he purchases two 'hand grenades.' The tasted like a syrupy Gator Aide with pure grain alcohol. They were in a large plastic cups with little green plastic hand grenades floating in them.

At the oyster bar they ordered a dozen raw oysters and pair of beers. Oysters are supposed to be aphrodisiacs, but his present company was all Dave really needed. After the oyster bar the walked down Bourbon Street passed half a dozen sex bars displaying half clothed women, half clothed men and half clothed men who looked like women. A strip joint smorgasbord. This wasn't the first time he had been in New Orleans with Mary. In college the had driven to New Orleans to experience Mardi Gras. Five college students crammed into his Toyota and drove from Wisconsin New Orleans the weekend before Ash Wednesday. They hadn't arranged anywhere sleep other than the car. It was cramped, but the nearby Hilton had nice rest rooms they used to stay clean.

So Mary and Dave walked, ate and drank their way down Bourbon Street and memory lane. After about 2:30 in the morning the action in the French quarter was slowing down and they and sampled 'Aliens', 'Hurricanes', and several types of beer. So the made their way back to the Maison DuPuy.

"So what ever happened to you perfect life plans?" Asked Dave as they walked, "I remember you were going to be married at 26 and start having children at 29."

"Time raced past me and my knight never came."

"Yeah time can pass you by. I remember when you were dating George and proclaimed you wouldn't have sex until you had a ring on your finger and a signature on a marriage certificate. It was so long ago, but it seems like yesterday."

"Yes, I remember" she said smiling coyly as they entered the hotel lobby. The lobby was quiet this time of night and thru the glass windows at the far end of the lobby they could see the empty courtyard and pool. "Do you want to go swimming?" She asked with a mischievous gleam in her eye.

It was a rhetorical question as the entered the courtyard and began to shed their cloths. They had been swimming a hundred times before, but that was swimming laps. Dave always looked forward to their exercise dates. However there had always been that thin barrier of lycra fabric. Now he saw she was even shedding her white thong panties.

The courtyard was dark except for the glowing a blue green lighting of the pool that made the scene surreal. They splashed into the cold pool and clung to one another to keep warm, their skin touching, burning into Dave's mind. The pool was too chilly to stay long, so they moved to the hot tub. Now their skin was warmed as well as their hearts and their lips touched and seared their mark into each other's souls. However it wasn't long before they had company. The Desk Clerk of the hotel was loudly clearing his throat, and informed them that the pool was closed after 11PM. They blushed and scrambled for their cloths. Hastily putting their cloths on to cover their nakedness in front of the hotel staff, they hurried into the hotel and to her room.

Dave, dejected at the interruption and thinking he would now never get any further that he did 15 years ago, bent over to pick up his back pack of convention notes and books. As he reached done he felt Mary's arms embrace him about the waist.

"You aren't really thinking of leaving are you?" Mary said with a pout.

"Well I thought after the Clerk"

"You thought wrong. Besides, your clothes are all wet." Still behind him she reached around and unzipped his pants. "And I think you need to be warmed up," she said as she reached into his pants. Her hand reenergized him as she kissed his back through his damp shirt heating it with her hot breath. From that moment on, she was in control. She turned him around and moved to the edge of the bed, never letting go of his manhood. Then with her free hand she unbuttoned his shirt and ran her fingers through his chest hair. Dave's mind was on fire as his dream of nearly 2 decades was becoming reality.

Then she kissed his nipples, tickling them with her tongue as her hands fondled his balls. Dave couldn't help but moan in joy. Mary kissed down his chest to end in the nest of pubic hair at the base of his shaft. Slowly and methodically she ran her tongue up and down either side of his erect member. Her right hand gripped onto his balls as if the let them know who was in control as her left hand moved to hold his right butt cheek. Dave couldn't hold on any longer. In his wildest dreams he had never experienced anything like this. Just as he was on the verge of cumming, she took him deep in her mouth and her fingers slid into his anus.

Dave exploded into her mouth as his mind imploded with this sensory overload. A low-pitched groan escaped his mouth as he transported to level of ecstasy he had never known.

After this Mary stepped out of her jeans, her white thong panties, and stepped forward to straddle his still firm cock. She lowered herself down onto him and stared into his eyes. They sat on the edge of the bed, her on top of him, wrapping him inside her with her warmth. She kissed his neck and pushed his shirt off his shoulders. This simple motion of rocked him deeper inside her. Then she pulled her sweatshirt over her head and Dave wrapped his arms around her bare torso. He buried his head in her ample chest as it was his turn to kiss her nipples and caress her large breasts. She rocked back and forth on him and let out moans as he firmly pressed her breast to her chest and kissed his way to her neck. Then their lips locked onto one another in a deep kiss that went straight to their souls. The heat built up inside her and she could hold back the steam no longer. She arched her back and let out a scream as her body jerked in orgasmic pleasure.

Later, they lay in bed as two spoons in a drawer. Dave gently kissed her back, between her shoulder blades.

"Buddies for life," Mary said.

"Buddies for life," Dave replied.

"You are my knight," she whispered, barely audible.

Dave drifted off to sleep holding her tightly in her arms, never wanting to let go.

The next morning Dave awoke in his own hotel room clutching his second pillow in front of him. His head hurt badly, but he didn't feel hung over. He felt a large lump on his head from the fall he took yesterday. He slowly got up and got dressed thinking about his vivid dream. All he knew for sure was that if he didn't hurry he would miss his plane, a plane to take him away from the Big Easy, back to Colorado and his life at home.

On the plane he rubbed his aching head as the flight attendant handed out bags of little pretzels. Dave didn't like pretzels, but he took one and put it in his jacket pocket. As he did he felt something in his pocket, something small and soft. He took it out to find a pair of white thong panties. Dave smiled. He knew his wife Karen would never wear thong anything and he knew he would have to make a phone call to one of his colleagues to arrange to give a seminar at the University of Iowa.