 In this chapter, Sarah and Tracy consider moving in, Sarah meets some more people from Brent's past, and we have some interesting couplings...enjoy.

*****

It was after three, but Sarah made breakfast food, bacon and eggs with hashbrowns. I made the croissants.

Tracy drank the rest of the protein shake with breakfast, Sarah and I split a pot of coffee.

Between the two of them, the girls polished off eight eggs, a dozen pieces of bacon, and seven croissants. I had two eggs and a piece of bacon. I only got one croissant, and I made them.

After we finished eating, Tracy wanted to go back to bed and play. Sarah nixed that idea, she want to talk about the house.

"Are you serious about us moving in with you?" She asked. "I mean both of us. We're kind of a package deal, as far as splitting rent, utilities and food go. We can talk about the benefit package later. If you just want me, I'm going to have to split my time between he..."

"Having both of you here is fine, and you don't have to worry about the utilities, I'll cover those. You get to cover food. The way you two eat, I'd be getting screwed if we split it three ways. I come out cheaper covering all the utilities."

"I think he just insulted us." Tracy laughed.

Sarah grinned at her, shaking her head. "Nah, he's right. He eats like a bird, it's pathetic."

She smiled at me as she said, "Seriously, what would our end of the rent be? If it's more than we're paying now, it might just be easier to stay where we are."

"You don't have to pay rent." I said. I paused, but before I could say anything else, they both started talking.

"No, we can't let you do that. We pay our own way, and we..." Sarah began.

"Yeah, you don't have to split it three ways either. You can pay half since you're getting equity, and we'll split the other half. That sounds fair doesn't it?" Tracy said, looking at Sarah, then at me.

"Yeah, that actually does sound fair." I said. "If we do that, you're end would be...nothing."

"No...this is a deal breaker. I..." Sarah said, her face flushing as she started getting angry.

"Stop. You're not hearing me." I said. "You want to know what your end of the mortgage would be if we split it three ways, fifty, twenty-five, twenty-five...I don't have a mortgage, so twenty-five percent of zero is zero, which means that your end would be nothing."

"I'm not offering you charity. If you want to give me something, give me two hundred bucks a month each for wear and tear on the house."

"You're saying that you don't have a mortgage on this place? You own it free and clear?" Tracy asked, glancing over at Sarah.

"Yeah. I paid cash when I bought it three years ago. It was a foreclosure." I told her. "I still have to pay property taxes and insurance, but that's less than five grand a year, combined."

"Still, even as a foreclosure, this place had to cost at least half a million bucks." Tracy said, staring at me. "Are you saying that you have that kind of money laying around?"

"No, I don't have that kind of money, and what I do have isn't laying around, most of it is invested...very wisely." I laughed. "The house actually cost a hundred and nine thousand when I bought it three years ago."

"So where did you get a hundred and ten grand to plunk down on a house? You got a rich uncle or something?" Tracy asked.

"Belinda's bag of money." Sarah said, her eyes going wide as she looked at me.

I grinned and nodded, trying not to laugh as Tracy looked back and forth between us in confusion.

"I had a friend a long time ago." I told Tracy. "She had a drug problem when I met her."

"You're talking about Dave's daughter." She said.

"Yeah, her name was Belinda." I said. "She stayed with me off and on for a while, and she brought a bag of clothes and another bag with her the last time she stayed. When I took her home, she took her clothes, but left the other bag in my closet. I don't know if she forgot it, or left it on purpose. I didn't find it till a year after she had died. I called Dave and told him about it, but he said he didn't want it, and told me to keep it. He said he didn't think Belinda would mind."

"So how much was in the bag?" Tracy asked.

"Two hundred and eighty thousand dollars."

"Holy shit, I was thinking it was twenty or thirty thousand, tops." Sarah said.

"So, how did you buy a house for a hundred and ten thousand dollars when you couldn't explain where the money came from? They...you know, the government, the IRS...looks for things like that." Tracy said.

"True. But if you start a foundation, and have a people make blind contributions to it, they don't look real close at where the money came from. You can spend the money any way you want, because the foundation owns the property, and it doesn't look like any one person is benefitting."

"Let's stop worrying about how he got the house, and start talking about us living in it with him." Sarah said, looking over at Tracy. "If we give him two hundred a month each for rent, then split food, that would be what, four-fifty, maybe five hundred a month each? That's less than a third of what we're each paying now."

"That apartment, with utilities, and food costs you fifteen hundred dollars a month each?" I asked, unwilling to believe what I was hearing.

"Yeah, a three bedroom apartment in that complex goes for seventeen hundred a month, then three hundred for gas and electric..." Tracy said.

"Start packing. Even it this goes downhill, you can live in the servants quarters out back." I laughed. "Somebody remodeled it as a guest house somewhere along the line. There's a kitchen, a good-sized living room, and six bedrooms. I'd let you live there for five hundred a month, utilities included."

"I think we ought to take that deal." Tracy laughed, looking at Sarah. "That way, if you fuck this up, we don't have to move very far."

"She's not going to fuck it up." I said, before Sarah could say anything. "I won't let her. But just so you'll feel comfortable, I'll draw up a lease for the servant's quarters out back. We'll make it for five years, at five hundred dollars a month. You'll be able to move out whenever you want with no penalty, but I can't kick you out unless you fail to meet the terms of the lease. That way, no matter what happens, you still have a safe, affordable place to live."

"That sounds good right now, but what if things change in a few months, or next year?" Sarah asked, looking over at me.

"I don't think anything is going to change." I smiled. "Except to get better. But even if we didn't work as a couple, I can't imagine not being friends with you. I've never felt as connected to anyone in my life as I do with you right now. And I try to take care of my friends."

"I was just kidding when I said you'd fuck it up, Sarah." Tracy said, getting up and going over to the fridge. She pulled out a coke and twisted the top off as she looked at us. "You two got it bad for each other, and I may be a little jealous, but I'm happy for you. If it'll make things easier, I'll take the deal on the house out back, and you two can do the happy little family thing."

"God, this is getting so real so fast." Sarah said, laying her head in the table.

"Love is like that sweetie." Tracy said, walking over and sitting beside her. She put her arm around her and leaned down, kissing her on the cheek. "But be honest, what do you want to do, stay in our comfortable little apartment and you two trade off spending the night with each other? Or move into this huge freeking house with a guy you know loves you, and wants to take care of you, so he can fuck your brains out whenever you want?"

"What about you?" Sarah asked her, not looking up from the table.

"If you want the truth, I want to move in here with you guys so I can fuck your brains out whenever you want too." Tracy said.

"Really?" Sarah said, finally looking up at her. "You want to..."

"Yeah, I kinda like our sleepovers, sweetie." Tracy laughed. "I like touching and feeling you, and uh...I think I could even get to like carpet munching if I got a little more practice..."

"We do have fun, don't we?" Sarah laughed, then sobered as she looked at Tracy. "But I uh...I don't think I want to do..."

"Listen, when you shared your little boy toy, and crawled inside my head with me, that was the best sex I ever had. And I want more of that." She continued. "I think what we're talking about is worth a little risk. We risked it all when we opened the gyms, and that turned out okay. I'm ready to risk it all again if you get to be happy."

"But what about you?" Sarah asked. "I want you to be happy too."

Just then, my phone rang, vibrating on the table and both girls looked at me. It rang a second time, and Sarah reached over and turned it toward her.

"It says Dr. Elliot." She said, sliding it over to me as the phone rang a third time. "Answer it, it might be important."

"I know what it's about." I said. "I'll call him later."

"No, you won't, answer it now." She said, reaching over and hitting the answer icon, then picking up the phone and holding it out to me. She lifted one eyebrow as she looked at me.

"As my goddess commands." I said under my breath, lifting the phone to my ear.

"Hey Tim, what's up?" I asked, looking down at the table.

"He calls his doctor by his first name?" Tracy asked quietly.

"Shhhh, it might be important..." Sarah said, just a quietly.

"Hey buddy, I haven't heard from you about dinner." Tim laughed. "Beth really wants to meet this girl of yours, she..."

"I uh...I haven't had a chance to do anything about that yet." I said, turning my back to the table and lowering my voice.

I could hear Beth in the background, and Tim's voice got soft like he was holding the phone away from his mouth. Suddenly, Beth's voice got louder, then she was on the phone.

"Brent Cochran, you listen to me." She said, loud enough to make me move the phone away from my ear. "I've known you since you were twelve years old, and if what Tim says is true, I want to meet this girl. Tonight. And I'm not going to take no for an answer."

"Oh god." I muttered, bringing the phone back to my ear.

I saw movement in front of me, and when I looked up, I saw Sarah looking down at me.

"Is she talking about me?" She asked.

I nodded, but before I could say anything, she held out her hand. I just looked at it, then up at her face. She had a sly smile on her face.

I put the phone in her hand and watched as she brought it to her ear.

"Hi, this is Sarah...who is this?" She said lightly.

She listened for a moment, then laughed and said, "Yeah, I am, and yeah, we really met like that...really...I'm going to have to have a little chat with him about talking about me that way..."

She walked across the kitchen, laughing and chatting casually. Tracy giggled and leaned close to me and said, "Ooooohh, you are sooooo going to get it! And I don't mean lovin', studly!"

"I've never been to any of those places, so why don't you pick?" Sarah was saying as she paced back and forth. "Well, Brent says those are dressy places, so should I wear a skirt, or would slacks and a blouse be okay?"

"Yeah, seven is fine, we'll meet you there." She said finally. "I'm looking forward to meeting you too hon...okay, see you soon."

"Why didn't you tell me that your brother and sister wanted to meet me?" She asked as she hung up the phone and turned toward me.

"They're my foster brother and sister, from different homes." I said, trying to lighten the mood. "Beth is two years older than me, and Tim is four...I introduced them..."

"So why didn't you tell me that they wanted to meet me?" She asked, stepping over and handing me my phone.

"Because I just saw Tim yesterday, and he said to call him later in the week." I laughed. "I should have known that Beth wouldn't want to wait..."

"Well, they want us to go to dinner with them tonight." She said as she pulled a chair away from the table and turned it so she was facing me. "But there's something else we need to talk about...stand up."

"Hey, I said it..."

"I don't care." She said, looking at me steadily. "Stand up, and drop your pants."

"Why?" I asked.

"You'll see, now do it."

I got to my feet, watching her closely as I started to open my pants.

"What are you going to do?" I asked.

She looked across the table at Tracy and said, "Would you give us a minute? Brent and I need to talk."

"Not it you're going to do what I think you are, I'm not!" Tracy laughed, grinning at both of us.

I couldn't see Sarah's eyes, but Tracy sobered quickly and nodded, then got to her feet and walked out of the room.

"Come on, we don't have all night. We have to start getting ready if we want to be there on time." She said. She patted her legs and looked up at me. "Now drop your pants and come over here."

"You're not really going to..." I began, but she cut me off.

"Yes, I am." She said, reaching over and grabbing the front of my shirt. She jerked me over in front of her, and before I could stop her, she had me laying out over her legs. Her hands were pushing my jeans down as she asked, "What did you tell Tim you got hit by?"

"A...a freight train." I said quietly, looking back at her over my shoulder. "I didn't me..."

"What kind of freight train?" She asked, grabbing the back of my head and turning me away from her.

"What?" I asked.

"You heard me. What kind of freight train did you tell him you got hit by?"

"I don't...oh shit..."

"That's right, now tell me."

"A...a two hundred plus pound freight train..."

"A two...SMACK...hundred...SMACK...PLUS...really loud SMACK...pound...SMACK...freight train...SMACK!" She said, her voice a chilly rumble.

She wasn't playing, she was bringing her hand down on my ass in powerful openhanded slaps that rang through the room. She delivered a dozen more blows, and my asscheeks were burning before she stopped.

"You told someone I don't even know, how much I weigh?" She asked, panting from the exertion of spanking me. "How could you?"

"I didn't thi..."

"No, you didn't, and that hurts, baby." She said, lifting me off her lap and putting me on my feet. That display of strength surprised me more than the spanking. "You need to apologize, and make it up to me."

"I'm sor..."

"Not yet." she said, getting to her feet. She pulled her t-shirt up around her hips and slid up onto the table and laid back, planting her feet on two chairs as she let her legs rock wide. She raised up on her elbows, looking down her body at me. "You need to pleasure your goddess, and beg her forgiveness."

"Can I watch this part?" I heard Tracy ask from the doorway.

"No, go to your room!" Sarah barked.

"I uh...don't have a room yet." Tracy said haltingly.

"Then go up to the third floor and pick which room you want to be your bedroom." Sarah said, looking down at me. "And don't come back until I tell you!"

"Yes, Mom." Tracy whined as she started to stomp off. "It's not fair, I never get to have any fun!"

"Kiss me here." She said, touching a spot halfway up the inside of her thigh.

I leaned in, but just before my lips touched her, I felt her hand on my forehead.

"Aren't you forgetting something?" She asked, looking down at me.

I looked up at her and saw her trying not to smile.

"Will you forgive me my goddess?" I asked.

"Not yet." She said, moving her hand off my head. "You still have to earn it."

I kissed her thigh lightly, then followed her hand over to the other thigh. I kissed it gently, then watched as her finger moved slowly up her leg.

"Follow my finger with your tongue." She said, her voice getting softer, and huskier.

She dragged her finger slowly up the inside of her leg, up through the crease where her leg joined her body, then up around the outer edge of her pubes, and down her other leg.

I could smell her excitement, but I let her do what she wanted. This was her show.

Leaning up, she brought both hands down and put them on either side of my head.

"Keep your mouth closed, and follow as I lead you."

"As my goddess commands." I said softly.

Drawing my head forward, she started scrubbing it back and forth over the short, bristly hairs covering her mound. Her hips arched up and she moved me all around, finally settling into an up and down motion that had my lips and nose moving between the fleshy inner lips of her pussy.

I could hear her panting, and her juices were coating my face as she rubbed herself off on me. I think she was close to cumming when she pushed me away.

"Do you want to kiss my pussy?" She asked in a breathy voice. "Do you want to taste the nectar you've aroused in your goddesses loins?"

"I wish to do only what my goddess desires." I moaned, staring at her pussy.

"Suck on my pussylips, worship them." She said as she drew my face toward the cream coated lips of her pussy. "Show your goddess your repentance for your sins."

I glanced up at her when she said that, but her eyes were closed, and her chest rose and fell steadily as she panted for breath.

I drew one of her pussylips into my mouth when I got close enough, and started sucking and nibbling on it lightly, then let it slip from my mouth as she guided me to the other one. She kept moving my mouth back and forth, pulling my face harder against her as I worked them over more aggressively.

"Pu...put your tongue between them, an...and suck on...both of them to...together." She panted, humping her pussy up at my mouth as she pulled me against her.

I eased my tongue between her pussylips as I sucked both of them into my mouth. I let it fuck in and out between them as she pumped my head up and down, her movements steadily gaining speed.

"Do...do you regret your sins?" She gasped, pulling my face against her creaming cunt mound.

"Ess mah hoohhess." I mumbled into her pussy slit.

"Pu...put your to...tongue in my pussy...sh...show me how sorry you...are." She grunted.

Pushing her pussylips aside with my tongue, I plunged my tongue as deep as it would go inside her.

"YESSSSSS!" She exhaled, her ass rising off the table as she held my mouth tight against the spasming opening of her pussy. "Worship your goddess and beg her forgiveness by pleasuring her!!" 

She ground my face into her crotch as I drove my tongue as deep as it would go inside her, sweeping it around the tight ring of muscle guarding the entrance. I knew she loved it when I paid attention to that spot, so I lavished all my energy on it.

One of her hands left my head, and I felt her fingers brushing across my forehead. Glancing up, I saw her fingers working frantically over her clit as I fucked her with my tongue.

Seconds later, she jerked my head away, and I looked up just in time to see a stream of liquid spurt from the top of her pussy slit and hit me in the face.

"Your goddess forgives you!" She shouted, pulling my head roughly back between her legs. Her fingers kept up their tormented tattoo on her clit, and I got my mouth open just in time to take the second spurt in my mouth. "Take the blessing of your goddesses spend sinner! Bathe in the bounty of your goddess, and swear to sin against her never more!"

She was lost in her own world by this point, so I plastered my lips against her spasming hole, sucking as hard as I could, jamming my tongue deep inside her at the same time.

She writhed mindlessly under me, her legs beating against my head as they rocked open and closed, her ass arching up off the table than slamming back down, making it shudder under her weight.

I'm not sure how long it went on, but finally, she pushed me away and collapsed on the table, gasping for breath. After a few minutes, she spoke, not moving from her sprawled out position.

"Clean me." She said softly. "Lick up the evidence of my pleasure."
