 I'm sorry for taking so long to finish this, and to be honest, I'm not really happy with it, but I have to let it go and see what the readers think.

Our polyamorous threesome are living, learning, and loving together, and there are things they all still have to learn about each other...

*****

I hate waking up alone, but it happens a couple of times a week. The girls will slip out of bed and take a shower together so they can play a little before they go to work, or they'll be running behind and take off without waking me.

I don't like it, but I've gotten used to it.

I'd woken up because the baby monitor was making a hell of a racket. I could make out at least three different cries, and I was pretty sure it was Rosie, (diaper), and the twins, Bobby and Tracy, (hungry). You learn after a while.

I got up and pulled on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt, then went into the kitchen and grabbed a tray of bottles from the fridge. I put the stopper in the sink and sat the tray in it, then ran the hot water till it almost covered them. They would be warm by the time I got back from changing Rosie and checking the others.

The boys shut up as soon as I stuck a pacifier in their mouths, but that wasn't going to last long, so I picked Rosie up and moved her over to the changing table. How something so small can put out so much of something that would gag Godzilla still amazes me. But she does, and I know to expect a fresh load every morning.

I got her cleaned up and changed, then put her back in the crib. I know it's probably stupid, but I count them every morning. I came up with seven as usual.

I pushed the crib out into the hall and hooked it to the lift, then opened the gates and swung it out over the foyer. I hit the down button and jogged down the stairs as it started to lower.

We got to the bottom at the same time, and I unhooked the crib and pushed it into the kitchen. The twins were starting to whine around their pacifiers, so I went over and grabbed a pair of bottles, squeezing a little out of one onto my arm. It felt warm enough, so I went over and popped the pacifiers out, replacing them with the bottles before they could make a sound.

Half an hour later, I had them all changed and fed, so I pushed the crib down the hall into my office to check the website.

The site hadn't even been up a month yet, but we got thirty thousand hits the day before, and the click counter in the corner rolled over steadily every few seconds. At two tenths of a cent per click, we weren't going to be millionaires, but we were almost breaking even on the web hosting.

I checked my Gmail, mostly junk as usual, but one got my attention as I opened it. 

It was from a leading women's magazine, and they wanted to use my video series on managing multiple infants. I'd done the first few for the fun of it, hooking up a web cam in the Princess suite so it had a good view of the changing table, and the crib. The response from visitors was overwhelmingly positive, so I put a camera right over the changing table, and another with a top down view of the crib, and started doing narrations as I changed diapers and fed the kids.

I got in the habit of turning on the web cam on my laptop and recording when I did feedings in my office, telling stories about each of the kids and their habits. The awwwwww factor went off the charts.

I hit reply on the email, but before I could start typing, my phone rang.

It was Sarah.

"God, I miss you so bad right now." She said in a husky voice. "I wanted to fuck when I woke up, but the alarm didn't go off, so we were already late and..."

"It's okay, hon." I laughed. "You..."

"But I need it." She whined, lowering her voice. "I'm so horny right now I...shit...hold on."

There was a long silence, then she was back.

"I miss having you sleep on me, and having you in me all night." She said when she came back. "I miss having you wake me up fucking me...why did you stop doing that?"

"We asked Tracy to marry us, remember?" I laughed, rereading the email in front of me. "And now, between taking care of seven kids, keeping the house clean, servicing both of you daily, and trying to earn a living, I'm usually worn out by the end of the day."

"I know, but you have to remember that old saying." She said

"What old saying?"

"Happy wife, happy life." She said, then added, "I'm not happy."

"Are you saying that I'm neglecting my husbandly duties?" I asked.

"No, you're wonderful, and I have so much fun with you..."

"You're not regretting..."

"No, never. That was one of the happiest days of my life." She whispered. "I treasure every day the three of us have had together."

"Then what..."

"I'm horny...I feel like I'm going to go out of my mind."

"Then come home, and I'll see if I can help you take the edge off." I said. I knew not to laugh, but god was it hard not to.

"I can't." She said. "Lucy has a doctor's appointment, and Kim is late. I can't get out of here right now."

"I'll tell you what. Call me as you leave the gym tonight, and I'll have a nice warm bath and a glass of wine waiting for you." I said, letting my voice ease into a deeper, romantic tone. "After you've relaxed, I'll take you to bed and pleasure you till you beg for mercy. How does that sound?"

"Oh god, that sounds wonderful." She whispered. "Will you sleep on me tonight?"

"We'll sentence Tracy to the Princess suite and we'll have the night to ourselves."

"She's not going to like that, she likes sleeping with you as much as I do."

"I'll make it up to her." I laughed. 

"Okay, I gotta go." She said. "I'll call before I leave..."

"I love you." I said, but she was gone.

The phone rang before I could sit it down.

It was Tracy.

"Hey hon, how's your day?" I asked.

"God, I am so fucking horny." She moaned into the phone. "I'm going to kill someone if I don't get off soon."

"We just did it last night." I said, dropping my voice into a husky whisper. "You passed out with a smile on your face."

"I know, but I was so horny when I woke up...and the alarm didn't go off, so we got out of the house late as it was..." She said.

"I'm sorry, I thought Sarah set it last night."

"She did, I saw her." She said, starting to sound irritated. "But the damned thing just doesn't go off sometimes. It's like it has a brain fart every few days."

"I'll get the alarm thing taken care of. It won't happen again." I told her.

"Thanks, you're a good man studly." She said softly. "God, I want you to fuck me so bad right now..."

"Come home, and I'll pleasure you your hearts content." I said.

"I'd love to, but I can't. The new girl didn't show up, and I had to send Mikki over to Marietta to cover for her." She said, her voice dropping into full whine mode. "I swear, I'm gonna fire that little bitch. This is the second time she hasn't shown up."

"Firing her sounds like the best move." I told her. "But I'll tell you what. Call me as you leave the gym tonight, and I'll have a nice warm bath and a bourbon and coke waiting for you." I said, letting my voice ease into a huskier, romantic whisper. "After you've relaxed, I'll take you to bed and pleasure you till you beg for mercy. How does that sound?"

"Oh god, that sounds wonderful." She whispered. "Will you hold me all night?"

"We'll sentence Sarah to the Princess suite and we'll have the night to ourselves."

"She's not going to like that, she likes sleeping with you as much as I do."

"I'll make it up to her." I laughed. 

"Okay, I gotta go." She said. "I'll call before I leave..."

"I love you." I said, but she was gone.

I hung up the phone and looked at the kids. They were all sleeping peacefully, so I went into the kitchen and got an RC and a glass of ice. I stopped at the calendars by the door. There were three of them, one for each of us.

On Sarah and Tracy's, there was a row of red X's in the blocks for this week. Sarah's first X was the day after Tracy's first one.

I shook my head sadly, starting to feel sorry for myself. Periods. That was the last thing I needed.

(-)

They called within a couple on minutes of each other.

Sarah was first, and she sounded out of breath as I answered.

"I'm on the way." She panted. "Are you going to be ready for me?"

"I'm starting your bath, and waiting for you with eager anticipation." I told her.

"Oh god, you don't know how bad I need this." She moaned.

"I know, and I'm going to take good care of you, I promise."

She started to say something else, but I cut her off. "Babe, Bobby's crying, and I need to check on him...I'll see you in a little while. You be careful, okay?"

"Yeah, sure...I love you."

"I love you too." I said as I hung up.

The phone rang as soon as I hit the disconnect button.

"I'm on my way." Tracy said in a breathless voice.

"I'm starting your bath, and waiting for you with eager anticipation." I told her.

"Oh god, you don't know how bad I need this." She moaned.

"I know, and I'm going to take good care of you, I promise."

She started to say something else, but I cut her off. "Hey hon, Rosie is crying, and I need to check on her...I'll see you in a little while. You be careful, okay?"

"Yeah, go check on her...I love you."

"I love you too." I said as I hung up.

(-)

The kids were fed, and I was changing the last diaper as the girls got home. I was lifting Martha up as they came into the kitchen, and as I turned in my seat, Martha cut loose with a burst of projectile vomiting that soaked my shirt, while at the same time, a river of pea green diarrhea poured down her legs, dripping down into my lap.

Both of my loving wives burst into action, while having the good grace, (good sense would probably be a better way to put it), not to laugh at my situation.

Sarah grabbed Martha, and dashed off to the bathroom with her while Tracy grabbed the bottom of my t-shirt and pulled it over my head, getting baby puke all over my face and in my hair.

She did laugh then, apologizing profusely as she led me into the bathroom. She stripped off my pants and turned on the water as she pushed me into the stall.

"You take as long as you need sweetie, we'll take care of the kids." She said as she turned and walked out the door.

(-)

They were both in the kitchen, and Martha had been cleaned up and was in the crib with her siblings.

"Your bath is waiting for you upstairs." I smiled. "Along with a glass of wine and a bourbon and coke. You're going to have to share the bath."

"You go ahead." Tracy said to Sarah. "My period started on the way home."

"So did mine." Sarah laughed, reaching across the table to take her hand.

"So you can still go ahead and take a nice long soak, relax, have a drink, and let the pressures of the day fade away." I said. "I'll see about getting something together for dinner..."

"The hell you will." Tracy said as she got up and came over to me. She looked over her shoulder at Sarah as she put her arms around me. I saw Sarah nod as she got up and came over to us. "You go get in that bath, and I'll bring you a nice big spliff in a little while."

"You take such good care of us sweetie." Sarah said, grabbing the bottom of my t-shirt and pulling it over my head. Her hands worked at the button, then the zipper on my jeans, and she pushed them down, kneeling to help me get them off. "You go relax for a while, and we'll order a pizza or something...go...you deserve it."

"Thank you." I said, then turned and went up the stairs to the second floor bathroom. As I eased my tired ass into the hot water, I couldn't help but laugh and thank my lucky stars that their periods had started at the same time.

(-)

The only time they wore panties to bed was during their periods. We also had a mattress pad and special period sheets for the occasion, even though they both used panty liners, and rarely spotted on the sheets. I appreciated the consideration. I really liked my mattress.

After they had put the kids down, they came into the bathroom. God, I couldn't believe how hot they looked. Sarah was wearing a pair of high waisted white panties and a t-shirt cut off high enough that it hung around her belly button. Tracy had on a pair of black bikini panties, and a red tanktop tied in a knot in back so it looked almost like she was wearing a sports bra.

Sarah had a bottle of wine and a bottle of bourbon, and Tracy had a bag with some canned cokes in it in one hand, and a glass with ice and a shot glass inside it in the other. There was a joint so fat it looked like a long worm that had swallowed a bowling ball tucked behind her ear.

"God, I don't deserve this." I muttered, as they knelt beside the tub.

"You don't deserve what, sweetie?" Sarah asked, smiling at me. She picked up a washcloth and dipped it in the water, then rubbed a bar of soap on it before running it in slow, lazy strokes over my chest.

"You...this...any of it." I said.

"Yes you do." they said at the same time, then smiled at each other.

"You're a good husband, a good father, and a really good friend." Tracy said. She pulled the joint from behind her ear and put it in her mouth, holding a lighter to it. Once she had it going, she took a long hit, then handed it to Sarah on the other side of the tub. Leaning close to me, she turned my head toward her and blew a thick stream of smoke into my face.

I inhaled slowly, feeling the buzz start to come up almost immediately. I exhaled, and felt fingers turning my chin to the other side. I smiled as I watched Sarah take the joint away from her mouth and lean toward me. I met her halfway, pressing my lips to hers, kissing her as I inhaled the smoke she was exhaling. When she pulled away, I turned my head and Tracy smiled, leaning toward me. We kissed, and I passed the smoke to her.

"That's enough for me." I said as I put my arms on the sides of the tub and let myself slide down so my head rested on the rim.

"Drink this." Tracy said, holding a glass up to my mouth.

I took a sip, swallowed, then took another as she tipped the glass up. I felt her hand running up my leg as she took the glass away. She cupped my balls, rolling them in her fingers as she looked at me with a lustful gleam in her eyes.

I heard Sarah move beside me, and when I looked at her, she smiled as she dipped her hand in the water, moving it down and wrapping it around my cock.

"We're going to do what you said you were going to do to us." She said, smiling slyly. "We're going to take you to bed and pleasure you till you beg for mercy."

"I'm curious though." Tracy said, barely managing not to giggle. She made a ring with her fingers around the top of my scrotum, tugging gently as she worked my balls between her fingers and palm. "Just how were you planning on pleasuring both of us, on the same night...and give each of us your complete, undivided attention?"

"I'm still trying to figure that out." I sighed, letting my eyes closed as I relaxed under their gentle ministrations..

"So you told both of us what we wanted...needed to hear, when we needed it." Sarah giggled. "And you were going to figure out how to do it later..."

"That's not too smart, studly." Tracy laughed.

"It appears that I'm getting away with it." I muttered. 

"That's because you got lucky." She said.

"I am feeling very lucky right now." I moaned as Sarah tightened her grip on my cock.

It came out of nowhere. Suddenly, there was a tingling in my balls, my cock throbbed powerfully in Sarah's hand, and I groaned deep in my throat.

All three of us looked down and watched as milky strings of cum poured out of my cock into the water. Sarah milked my cock gently, barely moving her hand, instead she squeezed it, using her thumb to rub up and down the thick piss tube on the underside.

I shuddered, then sagged back against the wall of the tub. My breath was coming in harsh pants as I lay there, letting them have their way with me.

"That was quick." Tracy laughed.

"Yeah, I don't think I've ever seen you cum that fast before." Sarah said.

"Who could resist?" I asked, not opening my eyes. "I have the two most beautiful women in the world kneeling on either side of me, intent on pleasuring me. I've got a good buzz on, and you were just too much to..."

"God, you are so full of shit." Tracy laughed, still massaging my balls.

"You're not done are you?" Sarah asked, sounding disappointed.

"Mercy...please my goddesses, have mercy on me." I said softly.

"Wow, I didn't expect that." Tracy said softly. "We were planning on sucking you off till you couldn't get hard again. Are you sure..."

"Yes." I nodded. "It's been a long day."

"Okay." She said. "Let's get you out of that tub so we can get you into bed."

"You go ahead." I told her, opening my eyes and looking back and forth between them. "I just want to lay here and soak for a bit. I'll be with you in a little while."

"If that's what you want." Sarah said, taking her hand away. I heard her get to her feet, and could feel her looking down at me.

"It is, I'm really tired. It has been a long day."

"Don't be too long, you still have to cuddle with us." Tracy said, moving her hand and getting to her feet.

I nodded, not opening my eyes. That was the last thing I remember.

(-)

It was still dark when I woke up, but I knew that I was in my own bed. There was a hand moving back and forth over my stomach, the fingertips just grazing my pubes.

"I want to touch your cock so bad right now." A voice said in the dark. I wasn't completely awake, and I couldn't tell which one of them it was, or even where it was coming from.

"The alarm is going to go off in a little while." She said, easing over so she was pressed against me. "You need to get up on top of her, so she wakes up like that."

It was Tracy.

"Tell me you love me." I said, snuggling closer to her.

"I love you both. Now do this for me, so we can show her that we both love her."

"Come with me. I'll get up on her, and you lay against us, hugging us both." I said softly. "She'll like feeling you with us."

"Yeah, I think she will." She whispered. "God, I love that girl so..."

"Would you two shut up and get your asses over here." Sarah muttered. "I'm having a really good dream about you, and feeling you will make it even better."

"As my goddess commands." I laughed quietly, moving over and sliding up onto her.

"Yes mistress." Tracy purred, sliding over and pressing herself against us.

"Mmmmmm, this is the way we're supposed to sleep." Sarah murmured. Moments later, she was breathing deeply and regularly. She'd gone right back to sleep.

I laid there, savoring the warmth of both their bodies. Before I knew it, the alarm was going off, and Tracy was cursing as she got up, trying to find the tablet I'd set up so she could shut off the annoying alarm I'd chosen.

(-)

I had coffee going before they were out of the shower, and handed them both a cup as they came out of the bathroom.

"Do you want breakfast?" I asked, leaning against the wall next to the door.

"I'll get some toast or a piece of fruit before I leave." Sarah said as she pulled on a pair of sweats.

"I'll get a biscuit or a bagel when I get off the expressway." Tracy said, pulling a t-shirt over her head. "There's lots of choices...and I'm not hungry yet."

"Just make sure you eat something." I told her as I watched her pull up her shorts, then grab a pair of socks. She sat on the bed and started pulling them on. 

"I got...I don't want to call it a job offer, maybe it would be better to call it an income opportunity." I said, looking at the floor. "One of the women's magazines wants to use my videos on their web site."

"You're making videos?" Tracy asked, looking over at me as she pulled her shoes on.

"Yeah, they're really cute." Sarah said, coming over to hug me. She smiled as she went on. "He tells little stories about the kids while he's feeding them. I really liked the ones I watched, but I'm biased."
