 Stephanie was working late and alone in the small office when she heard the sound.

The sound of the door opening.

"Fuck," she thought to herself, "I thought I locked that door."

She held her breath, listening. Was it a coworker? She was afraid to peek out of her office. She also had most of the lights down so it was possible if it was a trespasser, he wouldn't know she was there.

Then she heard the sound of newspapers being pushed off the shelves, and some sort of irrational mumbling.

Her heart started to race.

She tried to be quiet, holding her breath, as she reached quietly for the phone to call 911.

Unfortunately she hit speaker by accident, and had forgotten the volume on the office phone was way up. The dial tone was loud. Way loud.

"Well, look who's here," he said, standing in her office door. Carl Smith, local lunatic, paranoid nutcase, take your pick. The guy who felt everyone in town, including the local newspaper, was out to get him.

And she was stuck in this tiny office, alone with him.

Carl ripped the phone cord out of the wall. He hadn't shaved in days — that was obvious. He was a decent looking guy and before, he'd made some good points. She'd previously considered him somewhat reasonable despite warnings of possible personal safety. Now she wished she'd heeded them.

Recent events in his personal and public life had clearly pushed him over the edge and a recent police incident that had been on the newspaper's front page had made her, and it, an easy target for his unhinged rage. She'd finally blocked his number from her cell and was considering a restraining order — a little too late.

Stephanie backed away to the window of her office.

"Please, just leave. And we can let this go. I won't report you," she said.

He looked at her laptop on the desk.

"Is this what you use to put out this joke of a newspaper?" Carl said.

He picked it up and threw it against the wall, destroying it.

"There, that's my community service for the week," he said.

Stephanie had her cell phone in her back pocket, and she hoped he didn't notice it.

"Now you sit there like a good girl while I finish off my community service, and maybe, just maybe, I'll keep what I do to you to a minimum — at the very least, I'm going to teach you to shut that mouth of yours once and for all," he said, with a lunatic's smile. 

He picked up a coat stand and slammed into a desktop computer, smashing the screen.

In his distraction she quickly grabbed her cell phone and texted her police contact. Well, more than a police contact, but that was in the past. Since she couldn't talk, it was the easiest way to get help. And she also texted fast.

She pulled up his number.

"Need help," she got as far as that, and the lunatic turned around, continuing his tirade. She sank to the floor, dropping the phone in her lap.

"Our office. In trouble. Phone's out."

And that was it. All she could do was pray he was awake and had his phone on him. Even if he wasn't working he could make the call for her.

And she waited.

++++ Just a few blocks away, Jerry's cell phone buzzed. He'd just clocked out of his evening shift and was at the street light a block away from the police station. He took one look at his phone and hit the gas, making a u-turn back to the station. Meanwhile, he called into dispatch and gave the address.

"I'll meet you there," he said. He needed his gun first.

+++++

Back at the office, the destruction had given way to weeping. Clearly Carl was in a seriously psychological breakdown, and if she wasn't so terrified of him, Stephanie would have felt sorry for him.

He sat on the floor across from her.

"You don't understand. I've lost everything. My wife. My kids. That headline you ran was the last straw. How could I not blame you?" he said.

"Because I didn't do what you did. It wasn't my fault," Stephanie said.

"You're USING ME to sell newspapers!" Carl screamed in her face.

"And you used me when you needed newspapers. That's the way it works," she said, quietly.

"What am I saying? This isn't a newspaper anyway. This is a JOKE," he said, screaming again.

Suddenly the outside lot flared with police lights and sirens.

"YOU! How did you?" he said.

Carl pushed her backwards, and saw her cell phone on the ground and threw it at the wall.

"I'll kill you!" he said, and the look in his eyes told Stephanie he meant it. She futilely tried to push him off and he wrapped his hands around her neck, straddling her on the floor, his eyes filled with rage. She clawed and gasped for breath but it was no use. 

He was stronger than she was, and his anger fueled his power.

Just as the world began to turn black, Stephanie finally felt some relief as two police officers, yelling as they did so, yanked him off her.

++++

Not waiting for the elevator, Jerry took the stairs two at a time to get to the third floor as he heard the call come over his radio from upstairs for a paramedic. His heart stopped for a minute. He silently prayed she was all right.

Walking through the door of the office, he saw the damage, broken glass and furniture.

He saw the lunatic in handcuffs, still yelling about his persecution.

But he looked past all that to see Stephanie still sitting the floor, wrapped in a blanket, her eyes dry but glassy. She looked in shock.

He knelt in front of her. 

"Hey," he said, lifting her chin to meet his eyes.

"It's me. It's Jerry," he said.

"Hey..," she said, quietly. 

"Are you all right?" he said.

"I think so," she said.

He stopped himself from stroking her hair. Their relationship was friendly professional, aside from one time of weakness a few months back. Still, it felt natural to want to comfort her. He snapped himself back into his job. His men were watching.

"What happened?" Jerry asked the cops holding the guy in handcuffs.

"He didn't break in. The door was open. We got here just in time — he was on top of her with his hands around her neck, trying to strangle her. And on top of that he destroyed probably thousands of dollars in equipment," the cop said.

"I think she's probably physically fine. Just a little scared, but we called the paramedic anyway," another cop said.

"Good. Did you read him his rights?" he said.

"Yes, sergeant," the cop said.

"Then do me a favor and get him the fuck out of here," Jerry said.

He got eye to eye with the man in handcuffs.

"I have to say I never thought you'd resort to attempted murder, but at least now you should finally be someone's else's problem," Jerry said.

Then he leaned in and whispered in Carl's ear, "And if you had hurt her any more, jail would have been a paradise compared to what you would have had to deal with from me." 

Carl smiled.

"More police corruption at its finest," Carl said.

"Get him out of here!" Jerry said.

"The paramedic is here, Jerry," the cop said.

"You guys take care of that nut case. I'll wait with her to make sure the paramedic takes care of her and get her home. You guys can come back later to do any further investigation. We'll be out of here in a few minutes. Report back to me later," he said. 

"Ok, Jerry. You sure?" the younger cop said.

"Yes, I just want him out of her sight," he said.

"Got it," the cop said. 

They shuffled Carl out of the office, still mumbling the whole time.

The paramedic was about finished checking her out.

"Nothing else hurts?" the medic said.

"My neck is a little sore," Stephanie said.

"No doubt. You'll probably have some outer bruising but it doesn't look like anything internal was bruised or injured. Go home, take some ibuprofen and get some sleep," the medic said.

"Ok," she whispered.

"Jerry, she can't drive herself home," he told the policeman.

"I'll drive her home," Jerry said.

++++

"Are you cold?" he asked her.

"A little," Stephanie said.

Jerry turned up the heat in his car as they cruised the highway toward her house.

"Do you want to talk about it?" he asked.

"Not really," Stephanie said.

"But thank you. You saved my life," she said, turning to look at him in the driver's seat.

"I didn't, really," Jerry said.

"But I so fucking wish I had been the one to pull that asshole off of you. Really," Jerry said. His jaw was set with anger.

She smiled a bit.

"Trust me, you are always my knight in shining armor. Even in my dreams," she said.

His set jaw relaxed into a smile. She loved when his blue eyes had a smile in them. They were so intensely blue they looked battery-operated sometimes.

"Can you do me a favor? If you mind, I understand," she said.

"Of course," Jerry said.

She couldn't look at him.

"Can you just hold my hand?" she asked. His heart melted a little, but he didn't show it.

With his left hand on the wheel, and without looking at her, he reached for her left hand with his right. Her hand was still cold, and he could feel her trembling.

"You need me to turn up the heat?" he asked.

"No," Stephanie said. "I think I'm just still jittery."

"Of course you are," he said.

They were almost to her house. He took the right turn down her long driveway. The house was dark.

She looked at it forebodingly.

He squeezed her hand and gently stroked her palm with his thumb.

"It's ok. I'll walk you in," he said.

Stephanie looked at him gratefully.

He got out of his driver's side and walked around to open her door, and walked her into the house. He put her on the couch as he got lights on, turned the heat up.

Jerry looked at the wood-burning stove.

"It should be ready for a fire," Stephanie said.

"All you have to do is light it. Do you mind?" she said.

"Stop. I don't mind anything, ok?" he said.

He got a text message on his phone.

"Carl's locked up for the night. He didn't make bail, naturally, so he probably will be locked up until court. You probably can't go back to your office for a few days as we close the investigation," he said.

"Right now, I never want to go back there again," she said.

With the fire lit, a cup of tea in her hand, he knelt in front of her. 

"How do you feel? Are you in pain?" Jerry asked.

"Just a little. That nut job isn't quite as strong as he thought he was," she said.

Jerry laughed.

"Maybe not against Lois Lane," he said.

"I don't feel much like Lois Lane tonight," Stephanie said. 

Suddenly, without warning and much to her embarrassment, she burst into tears.

Jerry took the cup from her hand, put it on the floor, and sat next to her on the couch.

"I don't know why I'm crying," she said. "I feel like such a wimp."

"Steph, you've been through a traumatic experience. Stop trying to force yourself to be strong and act like nothing phases you. Someone threatened and tried to strangle you tonight!" he said.

"I know," she said, quietly sobbing.

"It's really good to see you. Is that weird to say right now?" she said.

Jerry laughed.

"For you and me? No, it isn't weird," he said. 

"Come here," he said, and he took her in his arms, her face against his chest, and let her cry for a bit.

"I'm sorry," she whispered against him.

"You have to go, don't you?" she said.

"Nah. They have things wrapped up back there for tonight. And I was off shift anyway," Jerry said.

"I'm sorry I made you come back to work," she said.

"Stephanie!" he said, lifting her face to his again, this time able to touch her face, and wipe her tears with his thumb.

"There was nowhere I'd have rather been tonight with you in trouble like that. Nowhere," he said, his hands moving to hold her face in them gently.

Their eyes locked, and without either one consciously choosing to do it, they leaned in together at the same time, their lips met, and they were kissing.

They'd both tried to move past their last sexual explosion to the point of trying to avoid each other. But now, there was no way out.

She turned to him on the couch, still feeling an ache in her neck but Jerry's mouth was good on hers, so good, their mouths opened, her arms around his neck. The kiss so was surprisingly erotic given the circumstances — it shocked them both.

Maybe it was Stephanie's tension, the explosive evening, him coming to her rescue, him needing to help her. Both of their elevated mental and emotional states coming into play.

But that kiss exploded. Jerry's hands held her hips, hungry for her tongue, and her mouth opened to him, their tongues entwined, teasing, hot and wet.

Jerry suddenly realized what he was doing.

He pushed her back.

"No — no I can't. This is wrong. I'm here officially. You are a crime victim in a vulnerable state. I can't do this," he said, but making no move to get up.

Stephanie looked at him, both of them catching their breath.

She moved quickly to push him against the back of the couch, straddling his lap.

She searched those blue eyes, and found exactly what she was looking for. He looked at her over him, her hips moving, grinding her into his lap.

Stephanie hungrily leaned in for his mouth. Her utter wantonness overwhelmed him. Her tongue was wild and hungry and he met it, unable to get enough of it.

She pulled back again, still slowly grinding her hips. Any sense of sadness or fear in her eyes was gone. And maybe that was why she wanted to do this. 

She stunned him by pulling her shirt over her head, her black lace bra on the verge of exploding. Stephanie couldn't figure out what had taken over her erotic senses, but she knew one thing. She wanted Jerry. She always wanted Jerry. But tonight, it was more than ever. It was desperate and consuming.

His hands dug into her hips, looking at her body.

She held her hands under her chest, lifting herself to him.

She licked her lips, and whispered.

"I'm so vulnerable, officer," she whispered.

What the fuck, he thought. Why was his body responding to this? 

"I am just desperate and vulnerable. Won't you take advantage of me?" she whispered.

She moved her hands to his shoulders and teased him, luring him in with her breasts, taunting him with them in his face.

His fingers moved to her straps, slowly sliding them down her arms, letting her hardened nipples free for him to find with his fingers, with his mouth.

Stephanie's eyes fluttered as she ran her fingers through his hair, her grinding hips moving faster against his hard dick.

"That's it...take advantage of me. I want you to. You're in the position of power, and all I want to do ....is submit to it," she whispered, her voice catching as his mouth worked her nipple hard.

Stephanie's orgasm was about to explode. She knew this was probably a reaction to her shocking experience early that night — an escape, a healing, a something. But whatever it was, it had made her more turned on, more needing, wanting, dying to be fucked, than she could remember. And it had to be Jerry. That emotional connection. That needing to rescue her. That threat she overheard him making in Carl's ear. 

Holy shit, was she ready.

Stephanie pulled his shirt over his head and kissed him again, that wanton, sexual intensity again blew him away. She leaned into his mouth.

"Remember you wanted to be the one to save me today," she said, in between teasing his tongue.

"Well, now you can," she whispered.

"How's that," he whispered back, his eyes flashing fire.

"You can fuck tonight away, Jerry. You so can. Can't you?" she whispered.

A shot of desire ran though his body. What the fuck was she doing to him tonight?

"Unless you are still on official duty?" she whispered.

He pushed her up from the couch and they stood together, him towering over her, as always.

"Do you see a uniform?" he said, both of them working on the remaining clothing they each had on.

She realized he had backed her to the dining room table.

He lifted her onto it.

"Can you then? I need it so bad. I need you to do it so bad. I'm shaking I need it so bad," she whispered.

"I can do it, Steph. You just hold on," he whispered, lifting her knees with his hands, as she lay back on the table.

"Oh my God," she whispered.

"It's got to be dirty," she whispered.

"I can do dirty," he said.

He lifted her to him.

"But you're so worried about taking advantage of me, aren't you?" she smiled.

"That was when I was on duty. Now, I'm just me. Can you handle me?" he whispered to her.

"Yes oh yes," she whispered into his mouth, and their kiss once more took them both away. 

He whispered into her mouth. 

"I'm going to fuck you now, and in two minutes you won't remember your name, let alone tonight, ok?" he said.

"Oh God," Stephanie said.

"Do it. Hurry," she said.

He lifted her hips to him, eased open her legs, and slid deep inside her. He gave her one minute to get her bearings, and his own too.

In the understood beats of silence, they both just focused on his hard dick inside her soaking wet pussy, how it felt, that relief, that deep, sensual itch that had just begun to be scratched.

And then Jerry fucked her. 

He showed no mercy. Hard. Fast, Over and over. He didn't stop when she screamed. He didn't stop when she dug her nails into the wood table, into his chest, drawing deep red marks. He didn't stop when she begged him to stop, or when she begged him to not stop.

He lost count after she came eleven times and by then he was ready. 

Her eyes were glazed over as she leaned up to him to kiss him again, laced her hand in his and sucked deep on his finger.

"Come for me," she whispered.

"Hurry, do it. I want it," she said. And as she lay back on the table, her body open to him, her nipples hard, pointed toward the ceiling, her back arched, he finished in slow, deep, hard strokes.

"You saved me tonight," she whispered.

"Don't," he said, and started to tremble. There was some mind fuck in his coming to her rescue he couldn't place, and didn't care to place at that moment. All he wanted was to feel.

"I love that," she said.

"Me too," Jerry struggled to say, harder, and harder, until finally he couldn't stand it anymore, and he came hard, shaking the table with its power.

He lifted her in his strong arms to him and carried her like a baby to the couch. The fire snapped in the stove.

They kissed softly, gently, teasing each other's tongues.

"Are you ok?" Jerry asked quietly. 

She pulled back and looked into those dreamy blue eyes.

"Are you kidding?" she laughed.

"I mean, from everything — tonight," he said.

"I don't know what you're talking about," she whispered, her fingers running over his muscled back, the fire dancing in his eyes from the stove and from her.

"Tonight has disappeared other than me, and you," she said.

She paused, regarding him.

"What are you thinking about?" he said.

Her fingers stroked his face.

"I'm trying to decide if I like you fucking me better in uniform, or without it," she said.

He laughed out loud.

"And?" he said.

"Well the uniform is....," she drew in a shuddered breath.

"The uniform is hot...especially if you're frisking me in it," she said. And he smiled. That was a good memory for both of them.

"But I like that when you're not in it, you can be you. Just you. Do whatever you want. Be as bad as you want. As dirty. I love just you," Stephanie whispered.

Jerry kissed her then, softly. He knew he wasn't going anywhere tonight.

She took his hand and led him to the stairs to her bedroom.

"But really, being a reporter and all," Stephanie said, walking backwards to the stairs, smiling at him.

"I think I need to do some more research before concluding anything," she said.

He laughed. 

The end.