 I've been having a good time with this story, so I hope you have fun reading it.

In this chapter, Sarah's roommate Tracy expresses her disapproval of what's been going on, Brent finally manages to do something he's been putting off, Brent and Sarah go shopping, and Tracy comes to dinner...things go downhill from there.

*****

"Sarah." Tracy said, shaking her gently. "Sarah, wake up. I need to talk to you."

I rolled off of Sarah onto the bed, raising up on one elbow, looking up at her.

"Not you." Tracy said, glancing over at me, then shaking Sarah a little harder. "I need to talk to her. Can you give us a minute?"

"Sure." I said, sliding off the bed and gathering up my clothes.

I went out into the kitchen, leaving the door halfway open behind me. I could hear them talking, but couldn't make out what they were saying. I was pouring a cup of coffee when Tracy came stalking out of Sarah's room a few minutes later, picked up her gym bag, and went out the front door, slamming it behind her.

As I looked over at the bedroom door, Sarah stepped out. She came over and poured a cup of coffee, leaning back against the counter as she took a sip. I didn't say anything.

"I uh...I have to go to work." She said, not looking at me.

"Okay, I have a couple gigs I want to look at." I said, taking a sip of my coffee. "I know it will make you feel better if I'm actually gainfully employed."

"Yeah...no, you have money, so you're not going to freeload off me, I know that..."

She took another sip of her coffee.

"Tracy is pissed. She thinks I'm neglecting the gym, and she's right." She said, shaking her head. She glance over at me, a smile on her face. "I've spent a week not doing anything but laying in bed with you...you're a bad influence on me."

"Oh no girlfriend, this is on you, not me." I laughed, sitting my cup on the counter and picking up my jeans, I stepped into them, then pulled on my t-shirt. "You could have gone to work anytime you wanted, but you decided that laying in bed with me was more fun."

"I guess." She said, kicking her foot into the floor and turning her hips from side to side. 

It was an unconscious movement, shy, almost coquettish, and it looked delightfully out of place when she did it. I wanted to grab her and throw her on the floor, pleasuring her until she begged me to stop.

"Will...will you make love to me before I go?" She asked, glancing over at me.

"What time do you have to be at the gym?" I asked, barely restraining myself from jumping on her.

She didn't even look at the clock before she answered.

"In twenty minutes."

"So you'll be late even if you walk out the door right now." I said, moving over to stand in front of her. I put my hands on her hips, turning her to face me. "You know that I live to pleasure my goddess, but even goddesses have responsibilities, beyond their own desires."

"You're saying no." She whispered, putting her hands on my hips and drawing me closer.

"You know that I want you every second of every day." I said, leaning close and taking a nipple into my mouth. She moaned, and her hand came up and pressed me harder against her. I shook free, and moved over to the other nipple.

"Nooooooo..." She whimpered as I drew away, then took a step back. The look in her eyes was pleading.

"Go get dressed, and go to work." I said firmly, turning her and pushing her toward her bedroom. "Pack a bag and come to my house tonight. Call me later and I'll give you the address."

(-)

I drove over to my doctor's office to see if they could fit me in. The nurse apologized, saying that they were already overbooked, but as we were talking, Tim Elliott, my doctor stepped out of an exam room and saw me. He was smiling as he walked over, holding out his hand. We had been in a foster home together for a year, and had stayed in touch over the years.

"Brent, I was just thinking about you the other day." He laughed as we shook hands. "One of the servers is acting wonky, and I need..."

"I'll be glad to look at it Tim, but you have to look at me first." I said. "I had an accident last week, and got dinged up pretty good."

"Sure, come on back." He said turning toward the exam room he just came out of. Looking back over his shoulder at the nurse he said, "Nancy, tell Mrs. Porter that I'm going to be a few minutes."

I saw her pick up the phone as I followed him into the exam room.

"So what happened?" Tim asked as I slid up onto the table.

"I got hit by a six-foot four-inch, two hundred plus pound freight train." I laughed, pulling my t-shirt up.

"Yeah, you're gonna have to take that shirt off." He said, his eyes going wide when he saw the tape on my ribs. 

I pulled my t-shirt off and he cut the tape off, peeling it off in a couple of quick tugs. What little hair I had on my chest went with it.

"Jesus Brent." He said when he saw the bruise covering the right side of my chest. I winced when he started poking and pressing his fingers into my side. "You're got at least three broken ribs, probably more, but whoever wrapped this for you did a good job. Did you go to the emergency room?"

"No, a friend of a friend did it." I said

"Okay, I want X-rays so I can see how bad it is. I'll get a nurse to take care of that. Wait here, someone will be with you in a minute."

He walked out, and a minute later a nurse came in and took me down to the X-ray room. She did half a dozen X-ray's quickly and efficiently, and I was back in the exam room five minutes later.

Tim came back fifteen minutes later, grinning as he came in the door.

"Sorry." He laughed. "I saw a patient while we were getting the pictures." He said. He walked over and typed on his keyboard, and a moment later, an image appeared on the monitor mounted on the wall.

"You've got two clean breaks on the fourth and fifth ribs, and hairline fractures on the third, sixth and seventh." He said, pointing them out as he spoke. "But you're healing nicely, we just need to keep those two that are broken bound for a couple of more weeks, and you should be fine."

He turned of the monitor and looked at me.

"So, this freight train that hit you got a name?" He asked.

"Sarah." I said dreamily, not looking at him. I was picturing her in my mind, and a smile spread across my face.

"What was that?"

"Sarah." I said again, looking over at him.

"No, I meant the voice, and the look." He said, looking at me intently.

"Ya lost me Tim, what loo..."

"Your eyes were glassy, and I've never heard you talk about a girl like that." He said, coming over to stand in front of me. "It almost sounded like you were in love."

I looked at him for a minute, and I could feel the grin on my face.

"You are!" He laughed before I could say anything. "Oh my god, Beth is gonna shit when I tell her about this. I wanna hear more about this girl, but I have a waiting room full of patients, and can't talk right now. Call me later in the week, and we'll do dinner one night. Beth is going to want to meet this girl."

I nodded as he walked over to the door.

"I'll have a nurse come in and bind those ribs. If you can take a look at the server before you leave, we'll call it even." He said, his hand on the doorknob. He glanced back at me and grinned. "Six-four?"

"She's a living, breathing amazon goddess." I said, nodding.

"Jesus." He said, shaking his head, then opened the door and walked out. 

(-)

It only took ten minutes to get the server reset, then download and install a bios upgrade. Once that was done, it came back up with no problem. I told the nurse at the desk that the server should be okay, but to call me if there were any problems.

I called Sarah as I drove home, but got her voicemail.

"I love you, and I didn't realize that being away from you it would hurt like this." I said. "I want you to stay over at my house for a few days, so if you didn't pack a bag, go home and pack one before you come over."

When I got to the house, I went into the office and checked mail, then went through a list of available projects, picking out three. I looked over the specs, and decided that I could do two of them at the same time, and get them done in less than a week.

When I finished submitting the proposals, I called Sarah again. I got her voicemail again.

"I miss your touch, your scent, the soft, wet warmth of you around me." I said in a husky voice. "Call me. I need to hear your voice." 

I called her again an hour later, and got her voicemail again. I left her another message.

When I called the next time, Tracy answered.

"You have to stop calling her." She said, but her voice told me that she thought it was cute. "She's not paying attention to what she's supposed to be doing. God, you should see the shit eating grin she's got on her face. She looks like she's walking on clouds."

"You sound jealous." I laughed. "And don't you work across town? What are you doing there?"

"I came over to see if she came in, and when I saw what was going on, I decided to hang around." She said. "She was bummed that you didn't boink her this morning, but brightened up after your first message. I took her phone from her after your second message. I knew that if she talked to you she'd be out of here in a heartbeat."

"I asked her to stay with me for a few days. Is that okay with you? I won't let her take off work, I'll drive her to the gym myself if I have to."

"You want the truth?" Tracy laughed. "I'm thinking about telling her to take a couple of weeks off and just go with this. I overreacted this morning. Micki can run the gym as well as Sarah, it's just that the members like working with her. But seeing how happy she's been recently...you're good for her you little shit. If you need time together to make this work, take it, we'll take care of things here."

"Wow." I said, stunned at this development. I thought for a moment, then said, "Tell her to come to my house. I'll buy her clothes if she didn't bring any."

"Oh, she's got half her closet in her trunk." Tracy laughed. "She'll be there in an hour. That's if she doesn't kill herself getting there..."

(-)

I met her on the front porch, stopping her on the steps so we were eye to eye.

"Don't talk." I said as I peeled her t-shirt off, followed by her sports bra. I knelt and worked her shorts and panties off, then took her hand and led her over to the porch swing.

Guiding her down onto it, I dropped to my knees, lifting and spreading her legs, letting my head drop between them. She smelled of soap and sweat, and that musky sweet aroma of female arousal.

"Oh god yes." She moaned as my tongue dragged up between the lips of her pussy, and her hands came down on the back of my head. "You don't know how bad I need this."

"Mmmmmmm." I moaned back, my tongue sluicing up and down between the juice slickened lips, then darting into the warm, wet opening of her pussy. 

I ate her hungrily, my lips and tongue attacking her as I pushed her legs wider apart, opening her up so I could get at all of her. Rich, sticky strings of girl cum drooled into my mouth, and I spread her pussylips with my fingers, plastering my mouth to her, my tongue fucking in and out of her, licking, lapping, and sucking up every drop of that divine nectar as it oozed out of her.

She writhed under my oral assault, her hands on the back of my head, just resting there, not moving or guiding me, letting me pleasure her. She stiffened, and a long drawn out moan came from her, then she relaxed, sagging limply onto the swing.

I drew back, looking up at her.

"Do you think you can walk?" I asked.

"Mmmm hmmm." She purred, looking down at me, her eyes glassy.

"Good." I said, getting to my feet and taking her hand. I pulled her to her feet and pulled her along behind me into the house. I led her into my bedroom, and stopped next to the bed.

"Wait here." I said, looking up at her. "Don't move. I'll be back in a minute."

She just nodded, and I turned and went into the bathroom. I grabbed my beard trimmer and the bag of attachments, then pulled a towel off the rack. 

When I went back into the bedroom, I spread the towel out, motioning for her to sit on it.

"Are you going to shave me?" She asked, laying back, her ass perched on the edge of the bed, her legs spread wide.

"Just a trim for now. We can talk about shaving later if you want."

She didn't say anything, so I put the number two guide on the trimmer, and ran it slowly up over one side of her pussy, close to where it met her thigh.

"Oooohhhh, that tickles!" She laughed, squirming little as she laid on the bed.

"Don't move." I said, laying my hand on her tummy, holding her still. "I don't want to nick you."

"I'll try." she giggled. "It just tickles."

I didn't say anything as I ran the trimmer up over her again. She didn't move this time, and I made quick work of sheering of the forest of hair covering her pussy. In a couple of minutes, I had trimmed it down so the hairs were only half an inch long.

I brushed the loose hairs away, blowing on her gently at the same time, making her giggle again at the sensation. Sitting the trimmer aside, I leaned in and ran my tongue slow up between her puffy inner lips, then whisked my face back and forth over the freshly shorn mound of her pussy.

"Oh yeah, that's alot better." I said softly, then raised up, resting my forearms on her legs, looking down at the larger bush just above her pussy. I looked up at her, and saw that she had her eyes closed, a beatific smile on her face.

"What would you like to do with this?" I asked, tugging lightly on the tangle hairs.

"You decide." She said, not opening her eyes. "Make it something that you'll want to look at, and worship."

"As my goddess commands." I laughed, putting the number six guard on.

"Fuck the goddess." She muttered, still not opening her eyes.

"I intend to, as soon as I make her presentable." I said as I ran the trimmer through the thick growth of hair, brushing it aside as I worked. Once I had it at a manageable length, I leaned back, looking at her from different angles. I decided that she would look better with it a little shorter, so I put the number four guide on, and made another series of quick passes over her bush.

"Much better, and much prettier." I said, taking the guide off and moving the bare blades to one edge of her bush.

"This may tickle again, so don't move." I told her.

She nodded, but didn't say anything, so I ran the trimmer slowly up one side, cutting the hairs at skin level in a straight, even line. I repeated the stroke on the other side, then finished by trimming the top in a gently curving arc.

Leaning back, I brushed the loose hairs away and examined my handiwork. She now had a neatly trimmed little bush, three inches wide at the top, tapering down to one inch just over her pussy. The design fit the width of her hips perfectly.

"All done." I said, tossing the trimmer onto the lowboy at the foot of the bed. "Raise up, and let me get this towel out from under you."

She raised her ass up off the bed, and I pulled the towel from under her, and folded it in half twice, then tossed it on the lowboy. I started to lean in, but she was moving up into the middle of the bed, so I stood up, letting my jeans drop, then kicking them off. I pulled my t-shirt off as I knee walked across the bed toward her.

Her legs rocked open, and she held her arms out to me, her eyes still closed.

I moved up over her, laying out on top of her, my cock finding its way into her on its own. She sighed as I slid up into her, then purred happily as I laid out on her.

"So good." She whispered, wrapping her arms around me, her legs coming up, her feet hooking up under my asscheeks. "Don't move, just lay on me. Let me feel you in me, on me..."

"As m..."

"Don't say it. Not right now." She said, opening her eyes and looking up at me.

"It's the truth." I said, reaching behind me and grabbing her wrists, bringing them up and pinning them to the bed over her head. 

"You are a goddess. And you're mine." I said, looking onto her eyes. "I worship your incredible body, and the ground you walk on. I live to give you pleasure. And I thank god for bringing you into my life."

I started stroking into her slowly, making her moan.

"Do I make you happy, Sarah?" I asked. staring down at her as I moved my cock slowly in and out of her. "I know I satisfy you, but do I make you happy? Am I going to be enough man for you?"

"Oh god yes." She whispered. Tears leaked from the corners of her eyes, and she leaned up to kiss my shoulders, then down onto my chest. "You make me feel things no one else ever has. You make me feel good about me...I...I never felt that way before."

She looked up over her head, then back at me.

"Let go of my hands." She said. "Please?"

I released her hands, and she pulled them down, reaching up and taking my face between them.

"I love you, and I don't want to live without you." She said softly. She drew me down, and we kissed, lightly at first, then more hungrily. "Make love to me." She moaned into my mouth. "Pleasure me, use me for your pleasure...love me."

"Willingly, my goddess." I groaned, starting to move faster on her. "This isn't a dream, we're together, and we're going to be together for a long time."

"Mmmmmm, I like that." She giggled, moving her arms around me. She started moving me on her as she said, "Now shut up and fuck me. your goddess commands it."

(-)

"I like this." Sarah said, running her fingers over the neatly trimmed bush over her pussy. She was standing in front of the full length mirror in the bathroom, looking at herself. "The shape fits my body, and I really like this little arch you did at the top."

"What I like," I said as I moved around in front of her, pushing her back a few steps then dropping to my knees in front of her. "Is now all that hair isn't getting in the way anymore, and I can finally get at this juicy little beaver."

"Oh god, are you going to do that now?" She giggled as I pushed her legs apart. "We just got out of the shower."

"I know, so you're nice and fresh, and all those loose hairs got washed away." I grinned, looking up at her. "Now I can see if I like the way it feels on my face."

"Wouldn't uh...don't you want to go get back in bed...you know, if you're gonna do th..."

"Huh uh." I mumbled into the lightly furred mound of her pussy. "I want you to watch in the mirror while I eat you."

"Oh shit...that is so hot!" She giggled, and her hands came down on the back of my head. "Do it. Eat my pussy...no, wait a sec." She said, moving me with her as she took a step to one side and put her foot up on the side of the tub. "That's better, now I can see."

I was already running my tongue up and down over the short hairs on either side of her pussy, then moved my mouth to the center, sucking both of the puffy inner lips into my mouth. I chewed on them gently, then let them slip out of my mouth, pressing it up between them, my tongue seeking out her tight opening. She squealed in delight as I poked it up inside her and started fucking it in and out.

"Oh god, that feels sooooo good." She whimpered, pulling me harder against her, her knees bending to give my mouth better access to her.

My hands slipped around her, cupping the full, firm cheeks of her ass, pulling her harder against me as I licked and sucked hungrily at her creaming cunt slit. My tongue slashed over the moist pink flesh, stabbing up inside her, then swirling around over the soft fragrant skin of her honeypot. I could feel her legs shaking, and I looked up at her, but her head was thrown back and I couldn't see her face. I did see that she was holding onto the towel bar, so I knew she wasn't going to fall.

Sarah ground my face into her pussy, her knees working up and down as she rocked the juice slickened mound back and forth over me. I let her move me, working over whatever spot she stopped at hungrily. When she drew my mouth up onto her clit, I attacked it like a starving man at a smorgasbord.
