 It was a cloudy afternoon and I finished up with my work early. I have been having the worst month and wanted to take a ride to clear my thoughts. It seemed as though my life was crumbling all around me. My boyfriend, who I had been living with and supporting for six years, was a cheating bastard, I had to leave him. Because of him and his promises I had racked up some major debt and had to deal with the constant calls from creditors. I just needed to get away.

So, I hopped in my hot little car, I knew I wouldn't be keeping it much longer, the repo man was coming to get it soon. I even left my cell phone home, I wanted no distractions. I wanted to drive fast and have a little fun in the curves of the mountain roads, I had no idea what I had coming to me.

I was just getting to my favorite part on the road where I could really let loose and go wild. Then, bam, I hit something! I immediately thought it was an animal, I couldn't see anything, so how could it be that I hit something. I pulled the car over to the side and noticed a major problem with the steering and knew right away I was going to be stuck out here in the middle of nowhere. I got out and inspected my MINI and saw there was nothing visibly wrong with it. I checked the road and saw a huge pot hole about 10 feet back. I couldn't believe it, what a terrible mess. I was so fucked. If anybody out there knows, when the shit hits the fan, it really hits hard. Never wonder if things can get worse, they can always get worse.

I got back in the car and started sobbing. Not so much because of the current dilemma but all the shit that had happened in the last month. I was crying so much that I didn't have any concept of time or the fact that I couldn't drive away even if I wanted to. In fact, I only noticed a huge yellow tow truck behind me, when there was a tap at my window.

Somehow I managed to roll down my window and there was he was, Martin, a familiar face with a very unmistakable looking tow truck, one of those cab-over, flat bed models. I had needed a tow a few years back when I was driving a work truck that had broken down and he came to my rescue back then, with a warm smile and a skillful knowledge of his work that was very comforting.

I remember him clearly because he never really left my mind. Although I was in a committed relationship (so I thought!!!) he and I really hit it off. We flirted while he loaded my vehicle and he was being very professional but a little saucy. I found out from a mutual acquaintance that he thought I was hot and was bummed when he found out that I had a boyfriend. That is probably one of the reasons he never left my mind, he took an interest in me before I openly admitted my interest in him. It didn't hurt that he is devilishly handsome, with the most striking blue eyes, as if they were painted on.

Those blue eyes pierced right through mine as I directed my attention to him asking me, "Are you okay? Do you need help". He realized right away that I was not okay and saw not only my tears, but I imagine my eyes were very swollen. I was a mess and I now started to feel self conscious about my appearance. I quickly tried to gather myself as best as I could and replied, "I think I hit the pothole and broke my car".

"Is that why your balling your eyes out, I knew you had a thing for your car and all, but this is ridiculous", he said.

I couldn't help but burst out laughing, not so much because of what he said, but how he said it, the expression on his face was priceless. I guess you really have to know Martin to understand the depth of his character and individuality that he possesses.

"Well not exactly," I said, "It's a long story, but my current problem, and why I am here crying, instead of taking my frustrations out on the curves of the road."

"Wow," he said, "You must have some serious frustrations."

"Well, Martin, I have gone through the ringer in the last month. I don't want to get into all of it because I think I am done crying for now. But I can tell you something you may like to hear."

"Oh yeah, what's that?"

"I'm single"

"What happened to the boyfriend, the asshole?"

"Well, he really ended up being an asshole. He cheated and I ended it."

"Good, his loss, can be my gain" he said as he threw me a gorgeous smile.

I think that's when I knew. All the girls reading this story know what I'm talking about. That's when I knew I was going to give myself to Martin, all of myself. I know now, while I am writing this, that he was heaven sent.

I smiled back and said in the sexiest voice I could muster up, "Can you help me, Mr. Tow Truck Driver".

"In more ways than you think, Martha."

"Well, let's not waste anymore time, do I need to do anything to help you get my car on top of your truck?"

"No sweetheart, just wait for me in the truck and I'll be right there."

I gave him a very appreciative look and squeezed his very tight ass as I walked by him on my way to sit in the truck. As I climbed in I could see that he kept all his things organized. He had a very neat truck, very clean and smelled really good, for a tow truck. A tow truck that belonged to one of the manliest men I know, the kind of guy that gets a BIC lighter based on which color is seen as the most masculine.

I sat in the truck for a few more moments and thought to myself that this could actually be one of the most random sexual encounters I've ever had. I am a fairly conservative girl that has had long term relationships for most of my life. With the last one being a sexless relationship, honestly, it had been over two years since I had had any sex with someone other than myself. Like any woman with a man that doesn't put out, I pleasured myself at least once a day.

I felt him reaching for the door to his truck before he even touched it. He climbed in and gave me a warm smile. I started to thank him for stopping and helping me, but I didn't know how I was going to pay for the tow up to my house, when he interrupted me and said, "Listen here Martha, I stopped because I saw your car, I am going to tell you straight up, I think you're hot and I want you more than anything. You make me so fucking horny. I'll tow your car anywhere, anytime to be with you."

I responded the only way I could because I felt the same way, I jumped over the center console of the truck and leaned in for a very passionate kiss. That first kiss was unbelievable! He sent a chill down my spine that lit my pussy on fire. He had the softest tongue I had ever kissed, he tasted so good and all I could think about was how to get his pants off so I could get his whole cock in my mouth.

As our tongues danced in each others mouth we both felt something that could not be stopped. I started pulling at his belt as he was slipping off my sweatshirt. I don't think either of us knew that this was totally out of our control. Like animals going at it. We needed each other like fish need water, like the sun needs the sky. Somehow I had gotten to my knees and was in position to swallow his rock hard cock. I couldn't wait, I have never in my life before felt such a hunger for it the way I have with Martin.

As I gently guided his very erect penis in my mouth he let out a deep, moan. I started very softly, just barely grazing my lips over the swollen head of his cock. I heard him mumble something but couldn't make out what it was and just kept going on my insatiable urge to swallow his load. I just barely parted my lips and let my loose mouth slide up and down his hardening shaft. I let my tongue curiously explore each curve and groove of his manhood.

He caressed the back of my head and guided my mouth over his shaft in such a perfect way that made me want it even more. I started to gag a little when his fully erect penis was deep in my throat. Each time his cock hit my gag reflex, it felt as though my panties were getting soaked in a deluge of silky, wet pussy juice.

Without even realizing it he had positioned his strong hand just underneath my panties and started stroking my lips with the same rhythm as I was using on his cock. Up and down like a perfectly orchestrated dance. We were both on the verge of explosion. I was so close to losing all control when I felt it coming. His beautiful cock was starting to become more and more engorged. At that moment I felt his other hand grab the base of his cock and hold it very tightly. He shot me a look of surprise and said "Baby, I am going to cum, are you ready for it?"

I answered him without saying a word. I simply forced my mouth over his massive man meat and just kept sucking. Harder... deeper... until I felt my gag reflex being teased to almost the breaking point. I couldn't stop my self, I wanted so bad to taste his ejaculation, to have his love juice inside my mouth and going down my throat.

He braced himself against the steering wheel and began to moan louder and talk dirty to me. I loved it when he told me in a slow, deep voice, "Ooo Ooo, yeah baby, just like that. I love the way you suck my cock." When he uttered those words and others to that affect, I just melted. I could feel my clit on the verge of explosion, my pelvis was grinding into his magical fingers, I was going to cum at any moment.

I kept going up and down on his pole, working my mouth and tongue, very loosely around and around. It was approaching, his climax, my climax. The whole truck seemed to be spinning. Around and around, up and down, in and out. I could feel him and I getting to that place that most people just fanaticize about. We were going to hit the roof together and I felt so lucky to be able to swallow his orgasm.

He was quivering beneath me and I was the cause of it. In that moment I realized I was bringing on this excitement to his erect penis, my own fire started to burn, my clit was so stimulated that it felt like a corn kernel getting ready to pop. There was no stopping what was coming next. He let out a very loud, "Oh, JESUS" and started to stiffen his whole body against the back of his seat. I couldn't hold back anymore and began moaning and convulsing my body. It felt so incredible that I could barely take my mind off of it until I felt my mouth being enveloped by a hot eruption of his creamy goodness. I swallowed it as fast as I could, hoping for more to come. I was licking and sucking all of it. I my hand wrapped around the base of his cock, squeezing it with a gentle tug, in hopes of squeezing out as much of his juicy goodness as possible.

I threw my body across the console and sunk into the passenger seat. He also adjusted himself and we sat back and reached for each others hand. He started up the truck and asked, "Where can we go to get cleaned up and finish what we have started? I have to have you now more than ever. Your pussy feels so good on my fingers, that, I want it wrapped around my cock."

"I want your cock in my pussy as much as you want it. Let's go back to my place"

Without any hesitation he put his rig in gear and we were on our way to pleasure each other for the rest of the night.

And that is just what happened. We had hours of wild sex that night and as many nights as we can get together as possible. He is the most amazing lover and he puts me in positions I never imagined my body could go. Each time we are together I get introduced to yet another way to love and to be loved. I am so glad that I got the "Big Tow"