 We stood on the footpath outside the city's notorious and aptly named "Inebriated" nightclub, famous for cheap drinks and easy women, it was just the place to get any newcomer acquainted with the local club scene, and possibly even a strange bed for the night. I led Dave through security and up the steep flight of stairs to the second floor of the club, with Jen swaying her hips to the music in our wake. When we arrived upstairs we saw everyone else was already comfortably settled in, one girl I didn't know too well came up and gave Jen a hug.

"What took you guys so long?" she said "we've been here for 15 minutes already!"

"Dunno," Jen replied, "the cabbie must've taken us the long way or something."

"Can't understand why he'd do that," I interjected only half sarcastically. 

Before I could catch the girl's name she was whisked away by Dave toward the dance floor, he was obviously keen for some action tonight and he hadn't picked an ugly girl to shoot for either. The mystery girl was about 5' 4'' with a very tidy and petite body, she looked of an Asian persuasion, probably Malay I thought, but definitely had that beautifully clear olive complexion typical of that part of the world. She had dark hair, layered to her shoulders with a couple of blonde streaks at the very front, an absolutely stunning face with full, pouty lips. As she turned I also noticed an interesting looking tattoo at the base of her back, "one very sexy package" I thought to myself as Dave led her off.

"Best of luck, mate" I called after him, turning my attention back to the much taller but equally stunning Jen, "Let's get drunk, sexy!" I said as we moved through the crowd to where our lot had commandeered a few tables and stools. Jen suggested she get this round so I sat on a spare stool and chatted to some of the others while out of the corner of my eye watched her tight arse sway toward the bar. I sat there chatting to a few of the people who had come along for the outing while I awaited Jen's return with the drinks, she was taking longer than I thought so I moved around the tables talking and dancing with the other members of our little party, just soaking up the atmosphere of the club. 

It was one of those venues that are always packed with people carefully navigating their way through the maze of bodies and the short flights of stairs that led up and down to nowhere in particular. It was always dim with not a single white light in the place and it seemed that every few seconds each light would change colour, creating an exhilarating mood of chaos and exhibitionism amongst the punters. The music was loud, fast and always seemed to carry subtle connotations of uninhibited sex, drugs and everything else thought to be debauched about the club scene - I absolutely loved it. And looking at the dance floor, with that mass of bodies moving, rubbing against each other, and the eyes of strangers staring as if fucking one another from across the floor I noticed a deep, innate urge from within me to just go and get involved with it all. 

As my eyes drifted across the bodies moving on the floor they eventually landed on two recognisable figures, Dave and the mystery girl. They were obviously hitting it off, their pelvises were locked tight together and were grinding against each other in a rhythm almost as if the music was reaching out from the speakers and swaying them with an invisible hand. Through the many bodies that surrounded them I could tell they were completely absorbed in the moment, the girl's head was dipping backward and forward, her hair partially hiding her face then falling off again as she moved with the crowd; her hands were roaming up and down Dave's chest, arms and then into the air above their heads while Dave fixed his hands firmly on her hips, allowing himself to follow her effortless lead. 

The girl leant forward, pressing her chest against Dave's and sliding her cheek against his stubble, her head dropped slightly and I could just make out her lips pressing into Dave's neck. As she slightly lifted her lips off her tongue snaked toward Dave's skin, the moistness of her kiss obviously left behind as she spread it around with the tip of her tongue, slowly tracing her way up the side of his neck. Dave's mouth was open and it was clear he was breathing heavily, enjoying the attention his sensitive skin was getting. Her tongue finally arrived at his earlobe and she toyed with it playfully before gently closing her mouth over his ear and nibbling on its outer. 

I sat there staring, transfixed as her full, moist lips and tongue expertly teased Dave to the point of madness, she was so expert in fact that I felt my own cock growing in my pants just from watching her, I could only imagine what Dave's cock was doing. She finally pulled her mouth slightly back and I stared intently as she pursed her wonderful lips and deliberately blew onto his ear, I saw Dave break into a grin and then a giggle as she followed after her breath with a whisper. Just as I began to ponder what she might have said to him Jen arrived beside me with two stubbies and what looked like two shots of Sambuca with coasters covering them.

"Pretty hot hey" she said matter-of-factly as she passed me one of the shots.

"Shit hot!" I said turning to her " and it looks like Dave might be getting another present tonight" I grinned as Jen pulled out a lighter, removed the coasters and lit the tops of our shots.

"Well, here's to bloody great sex then!" She exclaimed before we quickly gulped the flaming alcohol, personally trying desperately not to taste it as it went down - I despised that stuff.

Jen and I milled around our tables for a while, drinking beers and just enjoying the warm glow in our belly left over from the shots. We chatted to a few friends and generally did the sociable thing but there was simply no quashing the sexual tension that was relentlessly forcing itself between the two of us, especially as the alcohol arrived to do battle with our inhibitions - I decided it was time to get my groove on!

"Let's hit it Jen!" I enthused, dragging rather than leading her to the dance floor.

By the time we had arrived at the dance floor Jen had taken the lead and managed to manoeuvre us into a crowded little spot right in front of the DJ. Once she was satisfied with our position Jen latched onto me immediately, thrusting her left leg between mine and promptly attached herself to my thigh. As the music played Jen began to rock her hips in time and, with her almost straddling my thigh, I could feel her pussy grinding against me. I looked at her face and saw those big beautiful green eyes glaze over as she hit the spot she was looking for. We continued to dance (and I use that term loosely) as I saw over Jen's shoulder Dave and the mystery girl still going at it a few metres away. I couldn't believe they were still dancing, they really must be enjoying themselves I thought as I watched them move as one. 

Dave had his back to me, which was probably a good thing considering what Jen was doing to my thigh, and the girl was pressing tightly against him, her arms loosely hanging around his neck. Her head was down, seemingly watching their bodies move against each other. She looked up briefly and over Dave's shoulder, catching my stare, I grinned at her and she acknowledged me with a wiggling of her fingers but she didn't take her eyes away. Instead she focused on me and began to move with more purpose against Dave's body, unlocking her hands and running them over his back, down over his arse, up the front of his body and then finally into the air, all while swaying her hips to and fro against Dave's. She let her arms linger up in the air as Dave took his cue and ran his hands up the sides of her swaying torso and briefly over her underarms. The girl's eyes locked on mine as Dave let his hands lightly fall over her breasts, subtly teasing her nipples as I saw her mouth drop open ever so slightly at the sensation. I was getting very turned on at their performance and the feeling of Jen continuing to rub her pussy on my leg, creating friction against my cock at the same time had provided me with a full hard-on. I dipped my head so that my mouth was at Jen's ear.

"Your friend is putting on quite a show over there" I said.

"Oh really?" She replied sensually "Let me have a look"

Jen straightened out and turned our bodies 90 degrees so that we both had a view of Dave and the girl. She was still dancing tight against him and now her fingers were looped inside the front of his trousers while Dave's hands were loosely tied around her waist. The girl grinned broadly as she caught Jen's eye and then laughed as she received a devilish wink from her friend. Jen had obviously decided to treat her friend to a little show also as she began to really move her body against me. She turned around and adjusted our position so we were both facing the other couple with Jen's arse firmly planted against my crotch as she swayed herself to the music. She placed her hands on top of mine and slowly slid them backward around her waist to her perfect, firm arse cheeks, she bent forward slightly and allowed me to caress them as she wiggled her arse in my hands. 

She straightened up again but still held my hands in place on her waist, slowly she began to sway back and forth while sliding her entire body down the front of mine. My hands stayed where they were and slid up the side of her body as she went lower and lower. Finally my hands were at the sides of her breasts and without any hesitation she smoothly guided my hands forward and over them, directing me to massage and knead her firm mounds as we went. Her tits were magnificent, a full size that nicely overflowed in the palms of my hand, and the feeling of that familiar jelly-like firmness under my fingers made my cock lurch uncontrollably in my pants. I could feel her nipples harden under the fabric of her top and I couldn't help myself from giving them a quick squeeze and rub between my fingers. Being in such a public and blatantly erotic position didn't seem to phase either of us and in fact it had made me extremely horny - besides, I'd seen plenty more happen on this dance floor in the past. 

As her body rose back up to standing position my hands reluctantly fell away from her marvellous mounds and found themselves back on her hips. Jen slid her hands off mine and reached around to between our bodies and sandwiched them there inconspicuously. Soon enough I felt the pressure of Jen's fingers on the shaft of my cock tracing its form through the fabric of my pants. I gasped and Jen titled her head back onto my shoulder, glancing up at me.

"Ah... So you like that?" she grinned up at me naughtily.

"Nah not really, just thinking about who won the footy tonight" I said fatally.

I should've known better than to crack a joke like that with a woman in such a commanding position. Inevitably Jen's hand quickly extended to below my shaft and firmly grabbed my balls, causing a shot of pain to rise up my spine. I jumped and she glared up at me sarcastically. 

"That'll teach you..."

Yes it will, I thought as she thankfully released her grip and moved upward to stroke my shaft once again. Much better. I turned Jen around to face me so that I could enjoy the warmness of her mouth once again. We kissed deeply and aggressively, mashing our bodies together as our tongues wrestled with each other. Jen hooked her fingers inside my trousers, extended them and once again came into contact with a very full and wet cock head. I groaned into her mouth as she spread the precum around my sensitive tip and it was then that I realised just how excited I really was. Abruptly I found myself pulling her hands away from my trousers, Jen looked up at me questioningly and I grinned at her.

"You're about to make me cum right here" I said in a surprised voice "We'd better get outta here" I suggested as she broke into a smile and squeezed the tip of my cock a final time before removing her fingers.

"Sounds like a plan" she replied "I really don't want you cumming again unless it's in my pussy" she finished, already turning toward the nearest exit.

Once outside we quickly hailed a cab and jumped in.



"Your place or mine?" Jen asked me.

"Well, unless you're cheating on your roommate as well I think we'd better go to yours!"

"Thankfully I have no roommates." She grinned before giving the cabbie her address.

A short 15 minutes of fondling, kissing and giggling later we were at the door of Jen's block of units. I stood behind her as she rummaged in her handbag bag for her keys, admiring her tall figure as she bent slightly to catch the light from the singe globe on the wall. Almost instinctively I moved in behind her and pressed myself against her back, pulling her hair away from her neck and laying kisses on the exposed skin.

"So am I finally going to get to fuck you now?" I whispered in her ear.

"Nope" she said with a grin "but boy am I gonna fuck your brains out!" she replied as she pulled herself away and through the now open door.

"Can't argue with that!" I said as I followed her up the stairs toward her 3rd floor unit.

Finally we arrived at her front door and after another quick jingle of the keys we were at last alone together in a private room. She flicked on the light and I immediately noticed her décor. I was right when I said this woman had style I thought to myself as I peered around at her abstract paintings and coordinated furniture. 

"Really good stuff here Jen" I said, motioning to her paintings.

"Thanks, they're all mine" she replied as she put her bag down onto the bench and turned back toward me. 

Suitably impressed, I continued looking around and noticed the predominant theme in her work was pink, and not just any pink, it certainly wasn't that pink normally associated with little girls and ballerinas, rather it was a deeper, almost purple shade but with a tinge of red, and there was definitely something extremely sexy about it all. It seemed this woman just oozed sex and I was more than a little keen to see her in all her glory. As I turned away from her walls I noticed Jen had snuck up behind me and was now only inches from my face.

"Hello" she said meekly, allowing the letters to trail off at the end.

Looking into that longing face I was in absolutely no condition to speak so instead I pulled her in tightly and pushed my mouth onto hers, loving it as she immediately opened her lips to allow my tongue entrance into her warm embrace. She closed her lips around my tongue, trapping it in her mouth and lightly sucking on it. My arms went behind her, I was no longer in a mood to tease and be teased, I simply needed to see her completely naked. My fingers found the zipper at the back of her skirt and wasted no time in pulling it downward continuing as it hit its stop in order to force the skirt off her waist. The skirt fell to the floor, catching on the low coffee table sitting behind us. My hands roamed over her arse, bare but for the thin piece of material between her arse cheeks that passed for underwear. 

Jen released my tongue and opened her mouth again and I felt her tongue snake out as we engaged in a deep, aggressive but always passionate kiss, it seemed we were desperate to get inside each other's bodies. We remained locked together while our lips slid around madly in the warm moistness of our mouths. We pressed hard against each other, our tongues buried deep, and while Jen pushed her body against me she lifted one leg up beside my waist, placing her foot on the coffee table behind us. I grabbed the underside of her naked thigh that had risen to above my waist at a steep angle, my hand slid down her bare skin and I was again amazed at the smoothness of it. Finally my fingers arrived at that marvellous arse and I was quick to begin exploring every curve of it. My middle finger eventually arrived at her arse crack and I slid it in until I felt the silk of her g-string under my skin. Slowly, I began to run my finger down to where I knew her tight slit was waiting for me, hot and wet. As my finger drew closer I could feel the material spreading apart as it endeavoured to cover all of her pussy, by now open and yearning for me. 

I could feel Jen squirm more and breath louder as I came closer to my destination and then finally I felt that steamy wetness under my finger and I knew I had arrived. My middle finger was directly over her opening and I could almost feel the juices running out onto her panties, begging me to explore further, but my finger continued its journey upward. Still on top of the fabric my finger extended over Jen's slit, just reaching her clit. Her pussy was already wide open and even through the panties I had no problems in getting direct access to that hard, sensitive nub of hers. 

"Ooooooh, fuck yes" she moaned loudly, obviously grateful to finally be able to make some noise.

I smiled through our kiss, glad she was responding to my touch. I continued to rub her clit through her panties, my hand soaking up the warmth that was emanating from within her. Jen continued to moan and began to squirm insistently, coaxing me into going further with my explorations. I needed little prompting; my finger left her clit and hooked itself under the edge of the fabric, pulling it to one side so that my middle finger could extend under and toward her opening. I encountered her wetness then slid my finger into her, gently yet suddenly. Jen gasped as her pussy enveloped my entire middle finger. Perfectly still I held it there inside her for a moment, allowing Jen to become used to my presence, then slowly I began to move it around, her tightness allowing me to rub and stretch at every point and in every direction. 

I loved the feeling of her pussy wrapped around my finger, and the sounds of Jen's groaning in my ear as I carefully probed her deepest recesses ensured my cock was firmly pointing north in the confines of my trousers, desperate to spring out and feel the nakedness of Jen's skin. Trying to increase the friction between my cockhead and her stomach I pushed my waist against hers, rubbing myself slowly but purposefully against her torso. Under the direction of my finger Jen was writhing against me now and I curled it around to find her g-spot for the third time that night. It was never hard to find on this woman as became clear again this time when she gasped loudly as my finger scraped over that sensitive patch on the front wall of her pussy. I began to rub it with increasing speed, Jen thrusting herself into me, trying to increase the pressure on that one magnificent spot. I was fingering her now, the tip of my middle rubbing furiously to and fro over her g-spot as she moaned and squirmed against me. 

My cock was bursting, frantic to escape its incarceration. Jen sensed my longing and madly tore my belt and trousers open and they were on the floor before I had realised she'd begun. Quickly following them were my boxers and then quite suddenly my cock felt that amazing initial feeling of contact with a bare stomach. That sense of being so close to a tight, wanting pussy mixed with the tease and anticipation of what is sure to follow was always a major turn-on for me and this time it quite literally nearly made me explode.

"Oh shit Jen, I want you so badly" I rambled "your skin against my cock... mmmm... I just want to fuck you"

"Yeaaahh, me too" she breathed back as she lightly ran her fingers up the length of my shaft "your fingers are fantastic but I'm dying to feel your hard cock inside me." 

She grabbed onto my cock and pushed it downward between her legs while I removed my finger from her wetness. I had never had sex comfortably in this standing position before but since Jen was slightly taller than I it seemed ideal. Jen, still holding onto me was rubbing the tip of my cock against her hardened clit. I crouched and Jen rose slightly to allow my cock to fall between her legs and become aligned with her opening. Her leg still being propped up by the coffee table provided me with unhindered access to that tight pussy I had licked and fingered all night and had become mad to feel my cock slide into. I rose no more than inch and my cock head entered the folds of her pussy lips, the heat from inside her radiating out onto it, drawing me in. I slowly stood up straight and let out a long uncontrollable moan as my cock head slid in, completely encased by her welcoming pussy as her tightness clung to the very top of my shaft. Jen began to drop herself down off her toes and onto my waiting member, she gasped as the full thickness of my shaft entered her tightly but ever so smoothly until my full 8 inches was buried all the way down to its base. We stood there for a few moments gazing at each other with glassy eyes, glazed over from the bliss of a long awaited pleasure. 
