 The air was warm and sweet, the trees green, and the dirt beneath my feet firm. The trail was well groomed and I knew it well as I had taken to hiking whenever I got stressed out at school, which was often. The trail wasn't an easy one it went straight up into the mountains. I loved it though because it was so secluded. The only concern that I had today was that it was a little cloudy and looked like rain. I wasn't about to turn back though. Today I was on a mission.

A few days earlier I had come across a slightly overgrown trail that ran along the very edge of a cliff surface. Of course there was a sign marking the trail dangerous and off limits, but I was determined to walk along it anyway. Today was the day and I could only imagine how great the view would be. 

I stepped over the rope and walked along the trail the grass tickling my legs. It took only a few minutes to reach the opening out onto the cliff edge. I walked over cautiously and caught my breath at the view. It was gorgeous. Before I could take everything in I heard a strong male voice behind me. 

"A few more inches and you'll fall."

I let out a short scream and turned to face the man who had spoken to me. He wore a dark green ranger's uniform and looked rugged and strong. I felt my cheeks warm as I looked at him. He was even better looking than the view. 

"That's why I wasn't standing a few inches closer." I tossed back sassily.

"This trail is marked off for a reason."

"I'm sure it is." When he just stared back at me I felt myself give in a little. He had such a hard penetrating stare. "Look, I'll leave. Just chill out."

That's when it happened. In my hast to get away I stepped backward to turn around. I felt the air beneath my heel before I realized that there was also nothing beneath my toes. I saw the quick flicker of alarm over the ranger's face and then and I felt myself falling. The sky and ground wheeled around and I felt the hard rock at the edge of the cliff dig into my skin. Just when I thought that there was no way to stop myself from falling I felt the Ranger grab onto my arm. After a brief struggle he pulled me up I landed on top of him sprawled on his chest. We were both panting for breath and I felt close to tears. Everything hurt. 

I'm not sure how long we lay like that. It must have been only a few minutes, but it felt like an eternity before I realized that it had started raining. It came down in sheets, hard and cold, startling me out of my stupor.

"Holy shit." I mumbled pushing myself off of him to roll onto my back.

"Are you all right?" He asked stonily.

"Yeah."

"Not hurt?"

"A little."

"C'mon, we'll get you back to the office. I'll look you over and we'll fill out a report."

He helped to my feet and with his arm around my waist we started walking down the path. He was so strong and I could feel the muscles in his arms working as he supported part of my weight. The inside of my thigh was stinging along with various other parts of my body that ached. I was dirty and wet and embarrassed and still I couldn't help the attraction I felt for the Ranger.

"What's your name?" I asked him.

"Jason. What's yours?"

"Anita."

"Well, Anita you could have gotten us both killed back there."

"I know I'm sorry."

I could see the cabin up ahead and as we walked up the path toward the front door a thought popped into my head. The least I could do was make it up to him. After all he did save my life.

"Who else is here?" I asked casually.

"Just me today." He looked at me and our eyes met as he helped me up the stairs. An instant ball of heat formed in my stomach spreading downward. 

We went inside and he shut the door behind us. There was water running down his face and he looked flustered as he ran a hand through his hair. He helped me into a room that was set up like a doctor's office. There was a table in the middle of the room and he gestured toward it.

"Can you get your clothes off?'

"What?' I asked sure that I had misunderstood him.

"I can't look you over until you take your clothes off."

I slithered out of my shorts and shirt and hopped up onto the table in my underwear. 

"Where does it hurt?"

"Everywhere." I laughed. "The inside of my thigh hurts."

I felt his hand on my knee and let him spread my legs apart. A tingle went up my spine. 

"You've got a cut here. I'll clean it out and then bandage it." He turned and got a wash cloth. I felt the soft damp material run up my leg. I winced a little when he ran the cloth over the cut, but then I forgot all about it because I was looking at his face and he was just so handsome. He wiped the cloth along my leg wiping away water and blood. I felt my body straining and decided to go for it. I put my hand on his on my thigh. I heard the washcloth hit the floor with a plop and absorbed the shock as his eyes met mine. I pulled his hand up until it rested on my thigh just at the edge of my underwear.

"When we were walking up here, I was so turned on that I got wet just walking next to you. Do you want to feel how wet I am?" I asked him softly still looking him in the eye.

He didn't answer but I felt his fingers twitch and I moved my hand away leaning back a little on the table. He ran his fingers over my underwear and I shivered. I lifted my hips and he pulled my underwear off. When I felt his fingers slip between the wet folds of my pussy I moaned and moved my hips to increase the pressure. He slid two fingers into my sopping wet hole and I pushed myself forward on the table, shoving myself onto his fingers. I groaned as I crushed my mouth to his and pushed my tongue inside. I slid my hips back and forth riding his fingers like I wanted to ride his hard cock. 

He kissed me hard and fierce as I slid along his fingers. I could feel how wet I was and how tight my pussy was around his fingers. It felt so good. He unhooked my bra with his other hand and I helped him slide it off. I kept pumping his fingers as he played with by tits. I felt his hot mouth surround my nipple and I couldn't suppress a moan. He licked at my nipple with his rough hot tongue and I felt my orgasm start to build. 

"Oh, God! Yes, don't stop." I gasped.

I felt his teeth gently nibble at my nipples. He moved from one breast to the other. The orgasm crept up inside of me and then finally exploded. I bucked my hips uncontrollably and practically screamed it felt so good.

"I want to touch you." I told him as he slid his fingers out of me. I pulled him to me and practically crawled down his body pulling off my uniform. I ran my hands over his body following behind with my tongue. I sucked on all of his fingers, some of them still tasted like my pussy. I wrapped my hand around his cock and smiled in delight. It was big and hard and it was so smooth in my hand. I could feel it pulsing as I took it into my mouth. I licked the under side with the tip of my tongue as I sucked hard up and down. I took his cock out of my mouth a tickled the whole length of his shaft with my tongue. I heard him moan and listened to his ragged breathing.

I decided I wanted to feel him come in my mouth. I wanted to suck his hard cock until he shot his load down my throat. I used my hand and mouth pumping and sucking, my head bobbing on his cock until he started to gasp. I touched his balls with the tips of my fingers and felt his whole body go tense. The first spurt of come hit the back of my throat and I swallowed it with pleasure. I kept sucking his cock and swallowing his come until I felt his hands in my shoulders pulling me up.

"Kiss me so I can taste my come in your mouth."

I was happy to oblige his demand and I met his lips and tongue with my own. His hands ran over my body as we kissed and I could feel his dick getting hard again against my stomach. I rubbed my body against his and he groaned into my mouth. Suddenly he turned me around and bent me over the table. I felt his cock nudge at the opening of my pussy and groaned for him to fuck me. He thrust into me in one long smooth stroke and kept pumping away at my pussy until I couldn't stop the moaning and screaming that was coming out of my mouth. I could feel every inch of his rock hard shaft as it thrust in and out of my pussy. 

"Oh, yes! Yes!" I cried out when he reached in front of me and starting squeezing and pinching my nipples. 

"Play with your clit." He demanded while he fucked me even harder.

I reached down and slid my finger between the lips of my pussy and started rubbing my clit. Just feeling how wet I was turned me on even more and feeling my finger rubbing my clit sent me over the edge. I cried out as my pussy clenched down on the dick inside of me. I heard him grunt and then felt him shoot his hot come inside of me.

He kept pumping his cock in and out for a few more minutes before he dropped his head onto my shoulders. We stood like that for a few minutes, just catching our breath and then he said, "Damn, I wish I had rescued you a long time ago." 

We both laughed at that. Now I go hiking even more often. I spend more time in the ranger's cabin than I do on the trails though, but hey, exercise is exercise...