 “Good morning, darling,” I heard in the deep, British-accented voice that absolutely melts my heart every time I hear it. Then I felt his lips pressed against mine, helping me shake off the last dregs of sleep left within me. Slowly I opened my eyes and saw Simon smiling down at me – he had obviously been awake for awhile as he was both showered and shaved. I smiled back up at him and we spent a few minutes in bed kissing and cuddling, while our hands roamed around each other’s naked bodies. I was starting to get pretty worked up, and could tell from the prodding against my thigh that he was, too, when he suddenly pulled away.

“Save some for later,” he said with a sly smile on his face. “In fact, get your lazy bum outta bed and get ready – we have a lot to get done today.” I looked, questioningly at him, but he gave no further information. Instead, he simply took my hand and led me to the shower. I briefly thought to myself that he would be joining me, but that wasn’t so. He shut the bathroom door behind me and left me to get showered up alone. While I was drying off, I could hear him through the door rummaging around and, what sounded like a drawer closing. As I walked back into the bedroom, I saw him sitting, still naked, on the bed with a large gift box beside him. 

“What’s that?” I asked. 

“All will be revealed in good time,” he said with the same wicked grin. “For the time being, you only need to be concerned with how great I’m going to make you feel.” 

With that, he pulled me close to him onto the bed and started moving his hands around my body as he kissed me. He moved his hands in a slow, gentle path from my breasts to my hips, and down to my thighs, occasionally reaching around to cup an ass-cheek. Now and then, he would graze my pussy just enough to make me gasp in delight. Slowly, he moved between my legs and I could feel his prick hard and rubbing against my clit, purposely teasing me by not entering me. I tried, now and then, to buck my hips under him and get him to enter me, but he moved back every time I did. After a few minutes of this, I was so wet and horny I could hardly stand it. I needed him to fuck me.

And then, suddenly, he pulled away. I whimpered helplessly as I made an attempt to pull him back to me to no avail. He kissed my forehead lightly and just pushed me back onto the bed.

“Just lay back and relax,” he said, moving his hand down to slowly caress my pubes.

“Oh my god, Simon,” I gasped, as his fingers were so teasingly close to my pussy and clit. “I need you so bad right now.”

He smiled down at me. “How bad?”

I looked into his eyes, practically pleading with him to fuck me. I think the look on my face was enough of an answer for him because he rubbed his thumb against my clit, sending shivers up and down my spine.

“Do you want me bad enough to accept whatever is in the box?” he said with a sneaky grin.

I was so horny at that moment, I would probably have agreed to just about anything, but I struggled to put on my best poker face (and failed miserably in the process). “Cheeky Brit, using my horniness as a bargaining tool!” I said, hoping to sound indignant. “How about you tell me what’s in the box and then I’ll tell you if I accept or not.”

He laughed a bit, realizing that I was pretty much going to go along with whatever he had in store for me, and just said “It’s only a few bits and bobs I found around the house. Nothing in here is anything you didn’t already own.” He smiled again. “And I promise you, that if you will accept whatever is in here, I will please you completely in every way.”

I was sold… but I think he already knew that.

With that, he opened the box just out of my line of sight. He first pulled out the pair of scarves that we had used in the past to tie each other’s hands to the bed post. Expecting the worst, I had imagined that he had devised some other way to use them and started to feel a little apprehension about allowing him to have so much control of the situation. However, he simply tied each wrist with the scarves, and then tied the scarves to the bed posts. I breathed a slight sigh of relief for a moment, until I realized that it was a large box, and he had only so far pulled out two relatively small scarves.

Sensing my apprehension, he gently kissed me and ran his fingers down my thighs, reminding me exactly how horny I was. I let a soft moan escape my lips as he grazed my pussy with his fingertips. He let his fingers linger there a bit before moving away again and turned his attention back to the box.

The next item he pulled out of the box was my lacy black garter belt. While I was sort of surprised at how tame this was all going so far (especially given all the fuss he had made at the beginning), I was not at all surprised to see it. He loved seeing me wear it, especially when his cock was buried deep inside me. He slowly pulled them up my legs and then asked me to lift my hips off the bed as he ran it slowly over my ass. After making a few adjustments to make sure it was on straight, he went back to the box. 

I had already guessed that the very next items out of the box would be the thigh-high stockings that matched the garter belt, and I was not disappointed. With a smile on his face, he slowly started working on stocking on. He gently pulled it on over my foot and ankle, and then proceeded to slowly work it up my leg. He took great care in keeping the seam straight before finally attaching it to the garter clips. Since he was already in the vicinity, he took a moment to tease my pussy with his fingers again before he repeated the same process with the other stocking.

I was almost positive that he would be taking the matching g-string out of the box next, but he didn’t. Instead, he put the box to the side and set his attentions on me. I could tell there were still some things in the box from the noise it made when he moved it, but he took my attentions away from there as he took one of my nipples into his mouth.

He worked on my breasts – from one to the other – for a few minutes, making sure that each nipple was as hard as it could be and that neither breast got more attention than the other. I was gasping hard from his attentions and straining against the scarves that were holding me back. Slowly, he ran his tongue from my breasts, and kissed his way down to my pubic bone. I was so excited at the anticipation of what was coming that I couldn’t help but let out a moan. He licked his way down and around licking from one thigh to the next, occasionally snapping one of the garter’s clip straps against my thigh – the whole time teasing me by avoiding the area that was practically screaming for him. I started trying to move my hips to meet his tongue, but he held them down, preventing me from moving at all… I was going insane, whimpering from being so damn horny I couldn’t see straight.

And then I felt it – it was like an explosion. He pressed his tongue against my clit and it was all I could do to not scream in pleasure. He kept his tongue running in small circles around my clit, sometimes going lower to lap at my juices. Then he started working his tongue into my pussy while he moved his thumb to start massaging my clit. I could feel the pressure building as he continued lapping at me and started moaning a bit louder. Slowly, he eased off a little, allowing me to calm down a bit, before he started working me up again. He kept that up for awhile - working me up, getting me close to orgasm, and then slowing down before I came. It was a delicious tease and my pussy was burning with delight.

I looked down at him and our eyes met. He still had the same look in his eye, like he was up to something. With that, he started working his way back up to my breasts, taking a few moments to make sure that my nipples were still just as hard as ever, before finally locking lips with me again. I could taste my own juices on his lips. It’s never been a flavor I loved but, combined with the feel of his cock poised right at my entrance, I got even more turned on.

Slowly, he worked his shaft into me. Feeling him sink himself all the way into me felt so wonderful after all the working up he had done. I started trying to move wildly under him to get as much of his cock into me as I could, but he kept my hips pinned down and kept his pace slow and steady. I was shaking underneath him from being so horny and begging him to fuck me harder, but he just stayed calm and occasionally kissed me to keep me quiet.

He kept this torturous pace up for a good 10-15 minutes, but it did the trick because I was getting ready to have a huge orgasm. The problem? He knew my body and my sounds so well, that he right before I came, he pulled out. I just about screamed at him. “Patience, my darling,” was all he said. “There is still more in the box and you’ve just barely gotten to the point I needed you at.”

I wanted to strangle him – but my arms were tied… and they were probably tied for just this reason. “Simon, you don’t understand,” I pleaded. “I need you inside me so bad. I’m so horny.” Honestly, I didn’t understand how he had been able to hold back as much as he had. He must’ve jacked off before hand or something in order to hold out on me the way he had been.

He laid down beside me and kissed me as his hands wandered down to softly stroke my mound in order to keep my pussy burning for him. “I have something better in mind,” he said, as he grinned. 

Keeping his one hand caressing my soft pubic hair, he reached into the box with the other and pulled out a bottle of lube. Just the sight of it turned me on as I knew what he had in store for me with it… or so I thought. He started by putting a bit of lube on the tip of his finger and then pressed it gently against my ass. I started feeling a bit of pressure and then his finger started slowly sinking in. He took a few minutes to get my ass used to his finger – making sure there was enough lube the whole time, and making sure that I was relaxed and comfortable. Every now and then, he would lap at my pussy or finger my clit to keep me worked up, but his main focus was my ass.

I started getting used to the intrusion of his finger, so I let Simon know I was ready for him. He just kissed me and smiled again. He slowly pulled his finger out and made his way back to the box. What he took out of the box next had me nearly petrified.


“What in the hell do you plan on doing with scissors?” I practically screamed.

He just about fell over laughing at the tone of my voice. “Don’t get your knickers in a bunch, they’re not for you, silly bird” he said, still laughing. “They’re for this.”

With that he picked out the final item from the box and tossed the box aside. What I saw nearly floored me, but did nothing to allay my fear. It was the double-headed dildo I had bought over 2 years ago and still had not taken out of its packaging.

I originally purchased it while I was letting a certain part of my anatomy doing the thinking. The idea of being double penetrated ALWAYS turned me on, and I figured that the dildo would be the closest way to ever achieve that fantasy. Once I brought it home, however, I lost all my nerve, and have never had the guts to use it since. It’s stayed wrapped in the store bag completely unused at the bottom of my toy-drawer ever since.

“Oh my god, Simon, I don’t know about this,” I said, as fear started building up in me.

“Calm down, you silly bird,” he chuckled. “You’ve had my dick in your ass while I used a dildo on your pussy. What’s the difference?”

He had a point, I hated to admit it. But, for some reason, this really was different to me, and I started trying to squirm away from him as he cut the packaging open and pulled it out of the wrapper for the first time since I bought it.

“Now,” he said, once he had cleared away the packaging and the scissors. “Stop your squirming.” He paused to kiss me and, with his free hand start stroking my pussy again “You promised to accept whatever was in the box, and I promised you that I would please you completely.”

“I’m scared, though,” I whimpered. A finger entering me and his tongue running circles around my nipples shut me up really quickly, though. After a few minutes of his handiwork, I had completely forgotten that there was a blue double-headed dildo in my future, and was just enjoying what he was doing to me. In no time, he had me back to being just as horny as ever and practically begging for him.

That was when I felt something cool and rubbery pressing against my pussy and ass hole. I almost stopped in my tracks, but when Simon realized I was tensing up, he used his thumb to lightly circle my clit while he gently worked his way down my tummy with his tongue. The combination of the attention on my clit, with the pressure at both of my entrances relaxed me, and I felt more of the dildo working into me. 

Simon took his time. He would make sure that there was enough lube, and check to see that I was not in any pain before pressing it in further. Slowly, I started feeling it… it was exquisite. I sat up as much as I could to watch as he pushed more and more of the dildo into me. My ass was opening up to the intrusion while my pussy was taking in more as well. He and I were both transfixed watching both heads disappear within me. I felt more filled than I ever had in my life, and I was so turned on.

“Are you ready?” he asked. Not sure quite what he meant, I nodded yes, and laid back down to enjoy the feeling of him working the dildo into me.

All of a sudden, he manuevered himself so that his groin lines up with my mouth and pushed the last inch or so of dildo into me while pressing his dick against my lips at the same time. That was when I realized exactly what he was doing. He was helping me fulfill my “3 on 1” fantasy. Gleefully, I swallowed his cock down as far as it would go, while he kept up the pressure of the dildo in me. I was completely filled up to the brim between having Simon’s cock buried in my mouth and both heads of the dildo pushed up to the hilt. After a few seconds, I let his cock slide out till I had just the head of his prick between my lips and then quickly swallowed it down again, taking his cock into my throat. It's one of his favorite blowjob techniques, and I felt his hips buckle slightly from the pleasure.

He started pumping the dildo out of me slowly, to get used to the feel of both of them moving within me. We got into a rhythm with his cock pumping into my mouth in time with the dildo. Once I was used to the feeling, he increased the speed and started really working it in and out of me.

I was going crazy and moving my hips in time with his dildo thrusts, while at the same time choking on his cock. The feeling of both heads in me was intense and I was ready to start cumming at any second.

I think Simon realized this, because he started thrusting his cock into my mouth harder – fucking my face like it was a pussy. It was hard to keep my concentration on his dick, though, because, right at that moment, I could feel that I was just seconds away from a huge orgasm. Taking the opportunity, Simon pulled the dildo almost all the way out and with a final thrust, shoved it all the way in, making sure to leave it buried in my pussy and ass. 

I started moaning and practically screaming as I felt wave after wave of orgasm hitting me. Simon moved his position. Letting go of the dildo, and untying my arms, he perched himself right in front of my face and began fucking it again. Although I was almost completely spent, I took advantage of having my hands free by massaging his balls and his shaft while he continued to pump his cock in and out of my mouth. 

I made a move to take the dildo out, but Simon stopped me. “Leave it in, I want to cum in your mouth while you have two dicks in you,” he said.

At that, I redoubled my efforts on his dick. He grabbed my face and pumped in and out of my awaiting mouth. I could tell that he was close to cumming, so, I scooped up some of the spit and precum that was around my mouth, and started working my finger into his ass. Above me, I could hear him moan and start panting, and I knew he was close. I pushed my finger a little bit further and shoved my head down as far on his cock as I could go, when I felt his cock start to twitch in my mouth.

Quickly, he pulled his dick out while I sat with my mouth open and tongue waiting to accept the warm spurts of cum from his pulsing cock. The first shot landed smack dab in the middle of my tongue, and was quickly followed by more. He kept his eyes intensely on my tongue as a pool of his semen accumulated. Then, very deliberately with my eyes locked directly on his, I swallowed it all down making sure to show him that not a single drop was left. The sight made him shudder in pleasure, and I could tell that he would have cum again straight away if he was able to. He collapsed, exhausted next to me, and I took a moment to milk his cock of any remaining drops before lying next to him. 

He kissed me, taking the last few remnants of his own cum into his mouth while he removed the dildo from my ass and pussy. We were both spent.

“Did I hold up my end of the bargain?” he asked, scooping me into his arms nuzzling his head in my breasts.

“Oh yeah,” I purred, sleepily. “I have been completely pleased in every way. There’s just one thing you need to keep in mind, though.”

“Wossat?” he asked, as he started nodding off.

“Turn about is fair play,” I said, as I fell asleep.

I don’t think he slept very well after that.

The end