 My friends had talked about the "special" gift their girlfriends presented to them every year for their birthday, each considered the act their favourite present. This year for the first time I found myself in the midst of a moral conundrum. I had been with my girlfriend for six months, and I was crazy about her. My teenage years were a battle ground of assorted neurosis, which meant that by the time I met Libby, I was a 23 year old virgin. We had met through mutual friends, and the connection was clear for all to see, however it still took a month for my friends to get me to ask her on a date. By what can only be described as a miracle, our first dates were a success, and soon we were a couple. It was agreed we would take our relationship slowly, but Libby quickly understood the confidence issues caused by my predicament. With that in mind, I was soon rid of my retched virginity.

As a man, enjoying sex was second nature, but I found it difficult to relax as my years of sexual wilderness had created certain issues. On the one hand I idolised Libby and projected a respect onto her beyond that of a normal human being. On the other, the years spent watching online porn had solidified certain ideas that counteracted this respect. I loved my girlfriend, and detested the repressive principals surrounding male gratification, yet as hard as I tried, I couldn't help but long for her to give me a blow job. To feel her beautiful lips touch my cock, and the warmth of her tongue on my shaft. It was too much to ignore, yet I found the subject totally unapproachable. I didn't want to be one of those men who would simply push their girlfriends head into their crotch, until she got the idea. Some would call me weak, I preferred the self respect.

There had been opportunities, but it always ended with a hand job. There would be an awkwardness, either because I wanted her to go down on me, or because she found it strange that I never asked. This debacle continued until my 24th birthday. We had both taken the day off and were spending it together. Moments after waking we were fucking. I'd gone a few days without release in preparation, so the sex was amazing. Libby did all the work, allowing me to gaze up and admire her beauty. She had small breasts, but her legs, waist and butt drove me mad. I held onto her hips then moved my hands round to grab her soft ass. Her jet black hair fell down over her shoulders, bouncing with our thrusts, and once again this drew me to her pretty face, and the beautiful lips I longed to penetrate with my cock. Libby's voice cracked and her lips parted, another gasp quickly followed and her right hand focused on her clit. Another set of delightfully sexy moans sent me over the edge. Neither of us made a sound as our orgasms hit, I remember hearing Libby's wetness as I thrust inside her, moments later I came. We usually used condoms, but today I was allowed to feel her bareback, the first of my gifts.

I pulled out and watched a small amount of semen trickle from between her legs. Libby giggled and scooped some up with her index finger. Playing with it between her fingers, she stared at the sticky fluid her pussy had extracted from my body. With a gorgeous flicker of the eyes she looked at me, then quickly licked her hand. I didn't respond, I just watched as she tasted my seed, mouth wide open. Libby laughed and lent over to close my mouth. I finally responded with a kiss that told her everything she needed to know. Questions had been answered for both of us. She had declared herself open to oral sex, and I had shown I wanted it.

The rest of the day was a blur. We headed into town and caught a matinee screening at the cinema, then we went to a restaurant for an early dinner. I tried to appreciate it, but the anticipation of the evening's events were easily distracting. Libby must have had an inkling, as we were home by 7pm. I had a stiff drink for courage and took a deep breath. As I put my glass down I noticed Libby had returned, and she was completely naked. Turning slightly she requested I join her in the shower, and I followed her gorgeous bottom to the bathroom.

I stripped off and found I was already hard. Once in the shower initially not a lot of cleaning took place, just passionate kissing and instinctive grasping of flesh. Libby finally took the shower gel and liberally applied it to her hands, she found my cock still bouncing around and brushing against her thigh, then gently rubbed the gel over my swollen member. I stood in silence, still elated that this was happening. Once my cock had been rinsed, she abruptly turned off the shower and asked:

"Why have you never asked me to suck your cock? That's all most guys ever want from me."

Dumfounded I didn't reply.

"Do you want a blow job?" she added dryly. I just nodded and immediately a smile beamed across Libby's face. She grabbed my arm and two towels, then led me to the bedroom.

We dried ourselves as best we could, but I became distracted by Libby's body as she stretched to dry her hair. The distinctive ache of lust spread through my loins, and I was momentarily incapacitated. Noticing Libby was staring back, I forced myself to regain some control and finished drying off. Throwing her towel down, Libby finally walked over and looked me in the eyes.

"This is my main present to you. Just relax, enjoy yourself, and let me know if anythings wrong."

With that we kissed and her fingers teased my cock. Already I was getting close so I broke off the kiss and warned Libby. She smiled knowing how horny I was and how much I wanted it. My hands were shaking with anticipation as she told me to lie on the bed. I clumsily scooted back then propped my head against the pillows so I could see what she was doing, I could see her staring back at me with what seemed like hunger in her eyes. As Libby slowly crawled onto the bed, she settled next to my crotch, laying her head on my thigh. Slowly she began to stroke my cock, watching it grow to full length. I was so hard, yet she had barely even started. Libby pushed my legs apart and switched so she was lying between them, then with once last smiling glance, she gently kissed the swollen head of my dick, then took me in her mouth.

Instantly I felt a new level of arousal, a primitive sensation that spread from my balls, to the tips of my fingers, to the back of my skull. I first noticed the warm wetness, then her tongue moving across my hardness. Her teeth grazed my shaft, but it wasn't uncomfortable, I didn't know it at the time, but according to my friends the teeth cause the most problems when getting head. In what was probably only about 20 seconds of attention, my world had been turned upside down. I couldn't watch anymore or I'd ejaculate, so I put my head back and felt every inch of my girlfriend's mouth.

Libby stopped for a moment, but continued to gently rub my cock, the sound of her saliva on my shaft permeated the silence. She asked if I was okay, apparently I looked like I was going to pass out. I took a deep breath and told her she was amazing. Turning serious for a moment, Libby told me to relax.

"Don't worry about holding back," she said. "Cum when your ready, I'll know when it's time."

With that, she took me in her mouth again, except this time I went deeper and could feel the muscles in her throat. I heard her gag and I was quickly back in her hand, a large amount of saliva coated my cock as she continued rubbing my shaft. Still gathering my wits, I asked if she had just deep throated me (I thought only porn stars could do that). She laughed, pointing out that it was astonishing I had only just discovered her "greatest talent" (her words not mine, although that's not to say it isn't a wonderful gift). With a smile she stopped stroking and once again I descended deep into her mouth.

This time the vibrations caused by Libby gags nearly sent me over the edge, noticing this she sat up and slowly caressed my swollen cock.

"You're close aren't you?" 

I nodded. 

"Don't worry, I didn't expect you to get this far."

Libby returned my hardness to her mouth, this time only taking the first couple of inches, whilst stroking the rest. Her tongue was suddenly busy, flitting over my exposed head and intermittently burying into my frenulum. This was it, just as I thought I might be able to hold on (despite Libby's instructions) she started humming. The vibrations rattled through my loins, the pressure building at the base of my cock. As Libby continued to hum, lick and stoke my manhood, my hips involuntarily rose off the bed and I passed the point of no return. My hands grasped at the bed sheets, the pleasure was too much, the muscles in my cock gave way and I came.

Libby kept me in her mouth as I ejaculated, I could feel her tongue coaxing my seed from my dick as she began to moan. After three or four intense bursts she removed me from her mouth, allowing another set of ejaculations to pour down her hands and onto my stomach. As my orgasm moved into gentle rhythmic spasms, my head fell back. I felt like crying, but there's a fine line between being sensitive and being pathetic, I was borderline already.

Libby continued playing with my semen, before crawling up next to me and letting me watch as she licked her hands clean.

Finally Libby asked "Why have you never asked for a blowjob?"

"I didn't want to seem like a pervert, " I replied.

Libby laughed, "You've got years to catch up on, if you ever want to try anything just ask. I'm not going to judge you, I'll let you know when you've gone too far. I want to know your deepest desires, I want to know what gets you off."

A few nights later we watched some porn together, and Libby told me what she would and wouldn't do. Most of the rejected ideas bore no appeal to me anyway. The following months were a series of sexual adventures, resulting in devastating orgasms. Libby had some scenarios of her own that she wanted to explore, and I indulged them with gusto. It wasn't long until she brought me to my knees, with a dripping cock, and ring in my hand.