 Unknown to me, her husband's birthday was coming up. How could I know that it was going to save me again?

It was in the middle of the summer. I was on my way over to the neighbor's place just to visit at the end of the day. Billy hadn't had a steady job for years, but Mary Jo was smart, pretty, and gainfully employed as the real breadwinner of that family. No kids yet, but maybe down the road.

I walked up the drive, past more than one car that Billy was in the process of fixing, to one that had the hood up. Billy had his head down in the engine compartment.

"Hey, Billy. What do 'ya know?" I asked as I leaned over the fender and peered into the darkness.

"Not much," Billy replied, recognizing me immediately, but not lifting his head up. "Can't get these damn bolts loose, been workin' on them for an hour," he said disgustingly.

"Well, I'm sure you'll get 'er done," I responded. Then I added complementary, "You do good work. You always get 'em going." 

Billy only grunted as he struggled with his wrench.

"Mary Jo home?" I asked.

"Yeah," Billy said. "She's inside cooking supper. Got home a while ago."

"All right. I'm gonna go in and say 'Hi' "

Billy said nothing so I stood up, turned, and walked up toward the house. Our neighborhood was on the outskirts of town and had a mix of high-end and middle-end houses. The lots were random shapes and sizes and hardly anyone had a paved driveway. Billy and Mary Jo's place was no exception.

I walked up the steps to the porch, scraped my shoes on the mat, and looked through the screen door. "Hey, Mary Jo," I called. "You here?"

No answer, so I opened the screen door and walked in through the mud room to the kitchen. Mary Jo was standing there with a bunch of pots steaming and skillets sizzling, and the radio on loud to her favorite country station. She had an apron on, but underneath she still wore her work clothes - a nice dress, probably a half-slip with panty hose, medium high heels, and, no doubt, a half-bra sturdy enough to keep her ample chest under control. A strand of hair had fallen down in front of her face and she kept blowing at it, trying to keep it out of her way as she worked.

She turned to the sink and I walked up behind her and grabbed her around the waist.

She jumped and said, "Damn, you scared me again! Why do you keep doing that?"

I pulled her against me and began kissing her neck. "I just like to keep you on your toes."

"Stop that. Billy could come in here any time," she scolded while making no attempt to pull away.

I kissed up to her ear and moved to her cheekbone.

She tilted her head sideways to accommodate my kissing and said, "What did I tell you?"

In between kisses I said, "You said... To... Not... Scare you."

"What else?" she asked as she slightly relaxed into my arms.

"I forgot the rest," I lied. "Here let's do this," I said as I turned her back toward the stove. I reached out and turned each burner off.

"What do you think you're doing?" she asked crossly. "I'm right in the middle of dinner."

"And you're beautiful," I continued as I untied her apron, lifted it over her head, and tossed it on the counter. "Come with me," I ordered.

"But..." she stammered.

"No buts," I said as I grabbed her hand and led her away from the kitchen. We went down the hall, up the stairs, and down the hall to the guest bedroom. I opened the door, pulled her in, and tried to kick the door shut; it only went halfway. We were at the end of the bed and I took her no farther, but embraced her and kissed her full on the lips. She responded and soon we were tongue fighting and breathing heavily. I pushed her back against the high foot board of the bed and bent her slightly backward and began kissing her neck.

"We shouldn't..." she protested.

"Shhhhhh..." I said as I began to unbutton the front of her dress. I moved my kisses down to her chest.

"Oh, god!" she said as she lowered her arms so I could slide her dress down. I unbuttoned just enough buttons and pulled her dress down to the middle of her back. Her arms were at her side, caught in the sleeves of her dress. I made my next move.

"You bastard," she spat as I pulled the left bra cup down and began sucking on her nipple.

"Mmmmmm, that feels good," she responded. I attacked her tit and nipple, sucking on it and teasing it with my tongue. The only sound was my sucking.

We heard the screen door slam.

"Mary Jo!" hollered a voice from downstairs.

We both froze.

"Mary Jo, what the f..." as he got to the kitchen and saw the dinner sitting on a cold stove.

"Mary Jo!" he hollered again.

I hollered back, "We're up here!"

"What the hell are you doing!" she whispered loudly into my ear.

"Shhhh... He's gonna find us anyway," I said desperately trying to think of something.

We could hear loud steps on the stairs. Then steps coming down the hall. I reached out and kicked the door shut with my foot. It slammed shut just as the steps stopped at the door.

That strand of hair was still hanging in front of her face. Her eyes were wide and she was breathing hard from me attacking her chest and the danger of being discovered. Her dress was down past her shoulders and one breast was hanging out of her bra as she leaned back against the foot board facing the door. I raised my head up from her breast and said loudly, "Don't come in!"

There was a pause, then, "What do you mean 'Don't come in'?"

I was still thinking.

"Uh... You got a birthday comin' up, Billy?" I asked.

"Uh... Yeah," from the other side of the door.

"How soon?" I asked, my thoughts beginning to formulate a plan.

"Uh... Comin' up in a while," he replied.

"Well, we're working on your birthday present," I said as my plan began to take shape. "You like surprises, don't you?" I continued.

"Yeah... Sure," was the reply.

She whispered in my ear, "You son of a bitch..." as she began to realize my plan.

I glanced up at her and grinned.

"Well, if you come in here, you'll see what we're planning for your birthday and it won't be a surprise. You don't want that, do you?" I said almost breathlessly as my plan played out.

"I guess not," he decided.

"O.K., then," I continued. "Just go back downstairs, turn the burners on low, and we'll be down as soon as we're done."

She whispered again, "I can't believe you, you rotten bastard!"

"We're almost done," I said not lying this time. "We won't be long and Mary Jo will finish dinner."

"Birthday present, huh? I sure do like birthdays. Well, O.K., but don't be too long. I'm gettin' hungry," he replied as his attention turned to his stomach.

We heard steps retreat from the door and trail back downstairs.

"My god, that was clo -" but before she could finish I was kissing her full on the lips. We moved around to the side of the bed and we both ripped our clothes off like they were on fire. We were fucking before we hit the bed. I don't know if anyone could have been more ready than we were, or anything more urgent. We wrestled furiously and both came at the same time with loud grunts and groans.

"Damn, that was hot!" I remarked as we settled down.

"I haven't come that hard in a long time," she confessed.

"Yeah, you were so scared, you almost came before I fucked you," I said half-jokingly.

"You are a real bastard," she replied as she smiled and pushed away from me. "Let's get dressed before he comes up here again and you have to fuck me again!"

"That would be a shame," I said as I pulled my pants on.

We got dressed, straightened up, and as we were walking down the hall to the stairs, I reminded her, "You need to get him a real nice birthday present now!"

She stopped, turned around, looked at me, and said, "You son of a bitch." Then she kissed me full on the lips.