 Matt was 18 and falling behind with his studies and at risk of not getting onto his University course, so his parents enlisted a tutor for 1 to 1 additional lessons after hours. Miss Jones was late 20s and appreciated the extra income to supplement her junior teaching salary.

As Sarah Jones walked up the front path to Matt's house she knew that tonight would be risky and dangerous for her. But she was so excited. Already her pussy lips were swollen and slick in anticipation of what might happen. She was glad she had an extra pair of panties in her briefcase.

Matt answered the door and as usual, his parents were on the way out to dance class for the evening. Matt politely made her a cup of coffee and they retired to the study.

"OK, Matt. We have looked at human sexual organs, the workings of the male and the female parts." 

Sarah opened the text book to some cross section diagrams.

"We looked at male arousal, where sperm production takes place and how it mixes with fluids from the prostate to be released in the ejaculate during climax."

Sarah pointed to the male diagram but Matt's mind drifted back to being wanked off by his late 20's study tutor a couple of weeks back.

"Tonight, we will examine how that sperm and the female's egg are brought together during intercourse."

Sarah went on to explain that male sperm production was continuous but the egg was only released once every month at ovulation.

"As I told you, I take the contraceptive pill which suppresses ovulation but what would happen is the egg gets released from here." Sarah pointed to her belly.

"And it moves down the fallopian tube to meet the sperm released inside the woman's body during intercourse." Her finger moved down as she spoke.

Sarah suggested they went upstairs to examine that process. Matt swallowed hard but nodded. 

"Shall we go to the guest bedroom?" Sarah asked.

"Clothes off please!" ordered Sarah, who was already peeling her skirt down her thighs. 

Within a moment she stood naked before her teenage student who was also tearing his clothes off. Matt gaped at the delicious shapely curves of the naked woman in front of him who was now climbing onto the double bed normally reserved for visiting aunts and uncles.

"I can see you are a bit ahead of me in the arousal department!" Sarah noted, looking at Matt's throbbing erection. 

"Would you care to lick me?" She enquired.

Matt nodded and climbed onto the bed between Sarah's bent knees. He could smell her and then he tasted her as his mouth closed over her pussy mound. He explored her sex with his tongue as Sarah named each part of her as he tongued it. 

"Outer lips, inner lips, clitoral hood, clitoris, mmm that's good. Vaginal sphincter, perinaeum, oh my goodness, the anus! Where is the g-spot, Matt?"

Matt slipped a finger inside her and carried on licking her. Sarah began to breathe hard and within a minute her hips bucked off the bed as she orgasmed. 

Sarah collapsed back and took a moment to get her breath back. 

"OK, so let's think about intercourse. I want you to kneel between my legs and put your penis into my vagina. Normally you would wear a condom to prevent me getting pregnant but as I am on the pill it's quite OK for you to ejaculate inside me."

"Because I have orgasmed, my vagina has expanded to make more space for your erection and you will feel lots of my lubrication which will make it easier for you to slide into me. Understand?" Matt nodded.

"Ok, so let's pretend you want to get me pregnant." Sarah said and she guided his shaft toward her wet pussy.

Matt felt the heat of Sarah's pussy as the tip of his cock parted her wet lips. His helmet widened her pussy entrance as he slid in. Sarah panted a little as he entered her but she carefully guided him with one hand on his bottom until he was all the way inside her.

Resting his weight down onto her, Matt felt his balls resting on Sarah's bottom and the end of his cock nestle in the very end of her pussy. He was no longer a virgin.

Sarah felt pinned down to the bed by Matt. His muscular young body dominated her smaller frame and his hips had pushed her thighs wider apart. His stiff cock speared her pussy and felt longer than she had imagined it would. Sarah could feel the head of his cock nudge the neck of her womb.

She was going nowhere until Matt decided to let her get up off the bed.

"Are you OK?" Sarah panted.

"Uh huh, yes Miss, it feels amazing. You feel amazing." Matt uttered in between breaths.

"Whenever you are ready, take it nice and slow" Sarah told her young lover.

Matt began to move gently back and forth inside her. Sarah could feel his helmet sliding inside her.

"Did you feel that? Just there. You're touching my cervix each time." Sarah gasped.

Soon Matt could feel the excitement rising in him. Each successive thrust became a little firmer, a little deeper into Sarah. She was breathing heavily too and could feel an orgasm beginning.

Sarah whispered into his ear as he thrust;

"Soon you're going to ejaculate your semen into me and your sperm will end up in my womb"

Matt tipped over the edge and thrust deep into her squirting several shots of warm spunk into Sarah. She could feel her cervix bathed in the young man's semen as Matt came for the first time inside a woman. She held on to him as he came down from the peak of climax.

Sarah held him inside her and encouraged him to stay still until he was rested enough to try again. 

That evening Matt came two more times inside Sarah as his education continued.