 Had he not seen the number on the call display, Dennis might well have let the call simply go to voicemail. He was exhausted and every inch of his body hurt – although it hurt in a very good way.

"Hi honey," Dennis said to the caller as he tried to keep the exhaustion from showing up in his voice. "It's great to hear from you. Where are you?"

"I'm about 20 minutes away and I can't wait to see my guy," Jessica's voice came across the cordless phone, loud and clear. "I just hope that so-called best friend of mine left some of you for me."

"How the heck does she always know?" Brooke asked as she rolled over in bed. Yelling out, she said to Jessica "Hey bitch, it was your idea for me to keep him company, remember?"

"So other women wouldn't lead him astray, I didn't suggest that you ruin him for me," Jessica teased back. There was no jealousy between the two women, only implicit trust. Jessica hadn't wanted her husband "doing without" while she was away filming her latest project. Brooke was only too happy to play "fill in wife" because she adored Dennis almost as much as she adored Jessica. The three of them were family – a crazy, somewhat-incestuous family, but a family they were.

"How did the shoot go?" Brooke wanted to ask. "What about the new girl? Was she as cute as Brad promised?"

Dennis laughed to himself, loving the interplay between his wife and their lover. There were often times when the two girls would get together and almost forget he was there. The loving banter between them always made him smile.

"Oh God, the new girl," Jessica sighed over the phone. "You had to see her babes, skin like chocolate and that body ... why do we always do this?" She laughed as she recognized the pattern she and Brooke often got into. "I'll tell you about her later, is my husband still conscious?"

"Barely," Dennis joked. "So, the new film turned out okay?"

"You'll love it," Jessica told him. "I enjoyed making a girls-only film, I hadn't made one of those in a while."

"Don't I love all of your films?" Dennis smiled. "There isn't a woman on film that is as sexy as my gorgeous JJ."

"Sure, sure," Jessica continued with their banter. He was one of the few people in the world who experienced the real woman hidden underneath the glam of "Jessica Swan". Dennis had fallen in love with JJ Vaughn and Jessica had been a happy bonus. "Then why do you keep falling into bed with my best friend? If I hadn't called, I'm sure I would have come home and found you fucking the shit out of her." JJ wouldn't have minded that, in actuality. She would have simply stripped out of her clothes and jumped in between them.

"Oh darling, sweetie," Dennis teased, really laying it on thick. "I know that I shouldn't, but you know Brooke. She needs it so bad and she keeps coming over in these really slutty clothes ..." Brooke squealed and hit him with a pillow while he continued talking to his wife. They all knew that Brooke was a clotheshorse and thankfully, the studios often let her keep some of her wardrobe. Had they not, Brooke might well have gone broke because she lived to shop for shoes, lingerie and the shortest skirts and dresses known to man.

"I'll be home soon and I will expect a proper welcome," Jessica told him with a mock-stern tone to her voice. Dennis felt happy to know he would see his wife soon. Despite how much he cared for Brooke, it had been love at first sight when he met JJ. He hadn't played coy and acted like he "discovered" her life as Jessica Swan, porn star. He knew right away and he told her so. It made her trust him all the more and the relationship blossomed. Brooke had seen it right away, she told JJ to hold on to this guy. "He's 100% real," she counseled JJ. In fact, Brooke liked Dennis so much that the twosome was, more often than not, a threesome.

Dennis knew that he had time to take a quick shower and wash the aroma of sex from his body. "I'll clean up a bit and change the sheets," Brooke told him. "Damn – if she was further away, I'd join you. You know how much I love shower sex!" That was true – they all did. Dennis hugged Brooke and she gave him quick peck on the cheek as he ran off to shower and change for Jessica's homecoming.

Brooke puttered about the kitchen, getting a cheesecake from the freezer and making coffee. She wasn't going to stay because she knew that Jessica would need alone time with Dennis, even if she insisted otherwise. With their years of friendship, the two besties could almost read each other's thoughts. Brooke also didn't want Jessica questioning her about Blake Young, as she didn't think that she could answer those questions just yet.

When she heard Jessica pull up in the driveway, Brooke called up to Dennis. He yelled back that he would be right down. Jessica entered a minute or so later, all smiles, obviously happy to be home. She hugged her best friend and tried to convince Brooke to stay for coffee, with no success. "You need a reminder as to why you married that handsome stud of yours," Brooke smiled as she headed for the front door.

Jessica swatted Brooke's derriere playfully. "Okay, but if you don't have this gorgeous ass of yours back in our bed tomorrow, I'm going to come looking for you – and I'll spank you for being disobedient," she grinned.

"Has someone forgotten that I like getting spanked?" Brooke retorted.

"Do I ever forget anything having to do with sex?" Jessica shot back.

"Come to think of it, no," Brooke laughed as she closed the door behind her. She saw Dennis coming into the room and gave her best friends their privacy. Dennis grabbed Jessica around her waist and spun her around as she squealed with delight.

"Happy to be home, babe?" Dennis asked as he put her down.

"Yes, very much so," Jessica looked at him with adoration showing in her beautiful brown eyes. Every time he looked at her, Dennis had to remind himself that he was the luckiest man on the planet. How he had snagged someone as unique and wonderful as his JJ was a mystery to him. He saw that she was glowing, she always had a look about her after completing a film. She had once explained to him that making a movie always exorcised some of her demons. "I fuck them away," she once said with a laugh. Watching Jessica on screen was indeed similar to watching a professional athlete. She had an energy about her when she was fucking, girl or guy. Her loving husband always had a remarkable time ready for her when she came home. It was yet another part of Jessica that made her unique – after a number of weeks having some of the wildest sex imaginable, she came home even hornier than when she had left. "I want to make love to the people I love," she told him and Brooke together. Dennis and Brooke understood that completely, they might have been the only two who did. To Jessica, her husband and girlfriend represented home and stability. Prior to Dennis, that was a word that Jessica understood not at all.

"Let's go upstairs," Jessica said eagerly. "I have some ideas ..."

"Whoa gorgeous, slow down," Dennis laughed. When she returned home, she was always like a horny teenager, nothing else mattered but getting into bed and fucking like rabbits. Affecting a fey persona, he lisped "Besides darling, my hair's still wet." Jessica laughed, her usual melodious way as her husband added "I see that our little playmate has made coffee and she bought that cheesecake you like," he told her. "You've been traveling for a few hours, aren't you hungry?"

Jessica hadn't been until she saw the coffee and cheesecake. After that, she was ravenous. "No fair using my appetite against me, you rat. Okay, pour me a coffee and cut me a tiny slice – no, make that a big slice, I worked it off – of the cheesecake and come and keep your poor, neglected wifey company."

He did as she asked, but kept teasing her. "You, Mrs. Forrest, are neither poor and you certainly are not neglected," he said as her brought her coffee to the table. "If I ever was insane enough to leave you, there'd be a lineup of admirers for blocks."

"Oh, maybe I'd have to get police protection," Jessica kept up the banter. "I always did a thing for a man – or woman – in uniform, you know?"

Dennis nodded and sat down beside her, taking her hand in his, just happy to be able to touch her again. He did know, he knew everything. "God, you're gorgeous, Mrs. Forrest," he almost sighed. "It is so good to have you home again."

"It's good to be home," Jessica smiled as she took a mouthful of Brooke's wonderful coffee. It was one of Dennis' few failings, he couldn't make decent coffee, so she or Brooke always made it. "You don't look so bad yourself, Mister Forrest," she grinned happily. Many modern women did not take their husband's last names and Jessica was the exception. Although she continued to be Jessica Swan professionally and kept her marriage somewhat-secret, she loved being Mrs. Forrest and all their "other" friends referred to her that way. JJ Vaughn was very happy to be JJ Forrest because a tiny part of her had never believed she would be Mrs. anything. Dennis didn't know she knew that he felt he wasn't worthy and there was no truth – none at all – to those thoughts. He was everything she had ever wanted in a partner and so much more. When Dennis proposed to her, she kept her composure but a large part of her wanted to break out crying from happiness. Her husband had given her everything she treasured and she was holding on with all of her might.

"Did you even take a breath between bites?" He asked as he looked at her empty plate. The first few bites of her favorite dessert had been wonderful and after that, the memory was vague. She had been on auto-pilot, just thinking about how happy she was to be back in her home - their home. JJ had never been a "they" before.  She couldn't imagine life as a single woman any longer. She felt as if her husband and Brooke had filled in the missing pieces of the jigsaw puzzle of her life.

"I'm going to get fat," Jessica groaned as he gave her a second helping and poured her more coffee. "I can see it now – 'Has success ruined Jessica Swan?' and 'Jessica Swan – more like Jessica Flock of Seagulls', that's what the trades will say," she said, although not refusing the second helping.

"I'd love you at any size," Dennis said, squeezing her hand and look right at her. There wasn't any hint of deception, no little white lie to be found in his words. He meant it and she knew that. This was the guy who stood by you through everything. He took his wedding vows seriously.

"So, the shoot went well?" Dennis asked as he poured his own coffee. She smiled and nodded, stretching out her legs on purpose, making sure he remembered what was ready any time he was.

"Yes, very well," Jessica responded. "It's a nice little story, a girl finds love with one of her best friends. The new girl – her name is Jaclyn – God Dennis, what a hot chocolate beauty," she gushed. "I almost didn't want the filming to end, I haven't had such chemistry with another girl since my last film with Miss Hot Pants Neighbor," she joked.

"Oh no, don't you dare!" Dennis kept up with his wife. "I have trouble enough with you and Brooke, I don't need another woman putting me in an early grave!"

"Have you heard any complaints from Brooke or me?" Jessica smiled as she punched him gently in the shoulder. "Babe, she might be worth an early death, believe me! As soon as she's done with her last scene, I'll invite her to dinner. Hmm – maybe we need to get you started on vitamins and a few extra laps in the poo ..." Jessica never quite finished because her husband planted one on her right there and then.

"Was I babbling?" Jessica smiled after they broke the kiss. Her husband shook his head.

"No, but I thought perhaps it was time to remind you that we happen to be alone at the moment," he told her. "No neighbors or other distractions. If you're finished with your dessert and coffee, put them in the dishwasher and meet me upstairs," he winked. Jessica smiled at his comment, knowing she had married one of the few men in existence who was more of a neat freak than she was. She did as Dennis requested and grabbed the surprise she had brought home with her and almost bounded up the stairs to their bedroom.

Dennis was stretched out on the bed, gorgeous and almost naked. He still had an amazing body, some of Jessica's co-stars could have taken a page from his play book. "Hey," he commented as Jessica wheeled one of her suitcases into the room. "I could have helped you up with that or why couldn't it have waited?"

"I didn't want to ruin the surprise," Jessica winked at him as she and the suitcase went into the en-suite bathroom.

As she was about to close the door, Dennis couldn't resist a bit more teasing. "And, will I like this surprise?" He asked.

"If you don't, I'll suspect you're an impostor," she laughed as she closed the door behind her. He heard some rustling around and a few minutes later, his wife opened the door. Once again, Dennis thanked God that he had married this woman.

"Okay. First - wow! Second – where did you get that?" Dennis asked Jessica as she emerged from the bathroom. Wearing a black merry widow, expensive black silk stockings and six-inch stiletto heels, she looked positively nasty in a very good way.

"From the film," Jessica said to Dennis as she strutted her stuff. "We came in under budget and the director – you'd like her too, she is hot – said I could keep the wardrobe. Like?" She asked as she did a small pirouette.

"You know the answer to that, you amazingly sexy bitch," Dennis said as he reached out for her. She teasingly stayed just out of range. "God, if you aren't the sexiest woman on earth, I don't know who is!"

"Then aren't you the lucky boy then," Jessica smiled as she leaned over and returned his kiss of earlier. "You just happened to be smart enough to ask me to marry you."

"Smartest thing I ever did in my life," Dennis smiled as Jessica perched on the side of their bed.

"Smartest thing I ever did was saying yes, Mister Forrest," Jessica said as she placed the palm of her hand on his broad chest.

"I think I agree with you, Mrs. Forrest," he chuckled as he pulled her close and on top of him. Dennis thought that he could look at her thousands of times and still want one more look at the stellar beauty he had married. She absolutely made sex an event. Even her makeup and earrings were done so that she would look hot for their bout of lovemaking. Even though they were about to get messy, she loved getting hot for her husband.

On top of Dennis, Jessica pondered her next move. Should she indulge in a bit of sixty-nine or just spoil him and give him a world-class blowjob? She'd been away for a while, although she doubted with Brooke next door if Dennis had gone without. Tonight, she decided she wanted to get and give, so she spun her body around. She could see that her guy was taking her all in and that always made her feel good. When she took the time to primp and prepare, Dennis noticed and usually made a suitable comment. He knew what a woman wanted to hear and he said those things.

"You're my personal stud," Jessica told her husband. "You'll fuck me however I like and whenever I like," she said, getting into the role-play. Dennis had a face full of pussy, so he didn't say much in the way of objection. Besides that, any sane man would have agreed to her terms in a heartbeat.

The young marrieds knew each other's hot spots by now and it didn't take long for them to go for the gold. Jessica's lovers had been numerous in the intervening years, many of them better endowed than her husband and almost as many had been "professionals". Not a one of them could heat her up like Dennis could. He seemed to have the key that unlocked her body's full potential. When she was in bed with Dennis, it was always game on. She had, quite literally, fucked her husband to a frazzle on numerous occasions. What made their marriage work was the fact that he was quite capable of doing it to her as well.

After a few cums on both sides of the fence, Jessica jumped up from the bed. It was an action that puzzled Dennis, but he knew something was up. Jessica never neglected them and he could hear her rustling around in the bathroom again. He just relaxed in bed and waited for the inevitable and wonderful outcome.

When he heard a rustling noise coming from the bathroom, Dennis turned his head in that direction. The blonde bombshell standing in the door to the bathroom was a delight. It appeared as if Dennis was in for a very wild evening indeed!

A "cheerleader" was standing there, replete with Pom Poms. Her cheerleading outfit wasn't quite standard and he knew that because Jessica had actually been a cheerleader and he'd seen photos of his wife in her uniform. This one was a bit tighter than regulation and the skirt was a lot shorter. She was also missing one crucial piece of clothing – her pussy was totally on display.

"You scored the big touchdown today, Dennis," Jessica purred as she sauntered towards the bed, extra emphasis on her wiggle. "You remember what I promised you?"

Dennis knew his wife well enough by now to pick up on her clue. "Yeah baby, I sure do," he grinned wickedly. "I get to do anything I want, isn't that it?"

"Uh-huh, lover, that's it!" Jessica said, playing the role of horny teenage cheerleader. "I bet I know what it is you want to do, you're such a perv!" There was one sexual activity that Jessica saved solely for her husband. Yes, she had done it onscreen before, but not since marrying Dennis. Her gorgeous and perfect ass was his and his alone. She had never actually enjoyed anal while performing, but on their honeymoon, she had promised Dennis any and all parts of her. When his wonderful prick slid up her anal passage, she almost went berserk! Dennis' cock was the perfect one for ass fucking and she made him do it again. Lest the novelty wear off, they now saved it for special occasions, such as this one. Jessica flounced around the room, shaking her body and Pom Poms, acting giddy – which she sort-of was. She knew it was silly to act like such a goofy schoolgirl, but Dennis owned her in his own way. Sex with him was the best because she was head-over-heels in love with this wonderful man.

"If you don't get your ass in here, I'm going to have to do what I did to Tommy Monaghan earlier today," Dennis played along.

"Oh, you're going to tackle me, are you?" Jessica teased. "I don't think so, you'd have to catch me." Jessica "ran" from her husband, who jumped up from bed and "caught" her, tackling her to the floor and raining kisses down on her. She hoped that Dennis didn't see her tearing up, but she couldn't help it. He made her happy every day and she knew he adored her just as much. No marriage is perfect, but theirs was darned close!

Jessica felt herself being scooped up in her husband's arms and placed on the bed. She laughed as she bounced a bit and then felt herself heat up as he joined her. He was almost as rugged as a football player, but she knew he would be gentle. Their foreplay was sensual and romantic, although what would come next would be a bit rough and kinky. Jessica was soaked from all the oral sex and didn't need lube, but Dennis took precautions and used some anyway. He got in behind Jessica and let his cock enter her anal cavity slowly. "Fuck me harder, you sonofabitch!" Jessica hissed. It meant that his wife was ready to get down to business, so he did as he was told. Once his bride got into this mood, you didn't mess around. She could be a demanding whore, yet another thing he loved about her. There were so many facets to JJ Vaughn / Jessica Swan that Dennis didn't ever think he would discover them all. He wasn't too concerned because he had an entire lifetime to try.
