 Matt was 18 and falling behind with his studies and at risk of not getting onto his University course, so his parents enlisted a tutor for 1 to 1 additional lessons after hours. Miss Jones was late 20s and appreciated the extra income to supplement her junior teaching salary.

Next week Matt had read up on his homework as he had to. He had wanked himself almost every night thinking about labia, clitoris' and vaginal juices.

Sarah came in as usual and they settled themselves into the room and turned to the chapter in the text book. 

"Now Matt, are you able to talk me through the female reproductive system as we planned?"

Matt nodded and mumbled "I guess so, yes."

"Good." said Sarah. 

She explained that to make things easier, she had worn a skirt and no underwear. Matt gulped and his cock hardened in his pants. Sarah sat on a piano stool and lifted up her skirt right in front of where Matt was sitting. 

"Can you start with the external features?" She asked.

"Labia majora?" Matt nervously said.

Sarah reached down and gently parted her outer lips. 

"You can see I have shaved away my pubic hair to make things easier to see. And in here we have?"

"The labia minora." Matt replied.

Sarah licked her fingers and touched her wet lips.

"What else?"

"The clitoris?" Matt asked.

Sarah explained the clitoris' role in sexual arousal and as is to demonstrate she idly diddled it with her middle finger as she described how it brought on lubrication of the vagina.

"You might be able to see my lubrication, Matt. Can you?"

"Not yet, miss." he replied.

"Then why don't you have a feel. It feels quite wet in there to me. Go on, touch it."

Matt nervously reached forward with his hand and touched a fingertip onto his tutor's pink vagina. It felt warm and slick. With her encouragement he moved the finger around and at her entrance he felt the juices she had spoken of.

"Put your finger inside my vaginal sphincter, please Matt." Sarah instructed and Matt did as he was told.

Sarah explained how this part of the female anatomy guarded the entrance and could squeeze tightly. She demonstrated around his finger.

"Feel that?" Matt Nodded and his cock throbbed in his pants.

Sarah then guided him through sliding a finger all the way into her vagina. She made him curl a finger up to feel her g-spot and explained the delights it could bring to a woman approaching orgasm.

By now, Matt was firmly sat between his tutor's warm thighs as she guided him through a tour of her sexual parts in Matt's parents' front room.

"Can you put another finger inside me please, Matt?" Sarah asked.

Matt did as he was told and felt Sarah's tight wetness engulf his middle finger too.

"Feels tighter doesn't it?" Sarah asked. 

Matt agreed. 

"Now wiggle both fingers on the g-spot, please, Matt." Sarah asked.

Matt duly obliged curling his fingers in a come hither motion inside her wet pussy. He could feel her g-spot felt different and it was obviously exciting her.

"Can you see how the signs of arousal are now evident?" Sarah panted. 

It was true. Not only was she oozing pussy juice but her nipples had become erect and a pink flush had appeared on her chest and breasts.

"I want you to watch how I stimulate my clitoris while you carry on with my g-spot and we will see if we can achieve an orgasm."

Sarah licked her fingers and smiled at her young charge who was intently and rhythmically caressing her g-spot deep inside her vagina. She started to twiddle her clitoris and she closed her eyes as she masturbated.

"Tell me what you can see, Matt." instructed Sarah.

"Well, your labia are much more swollen now and there is way more lubrication in your vagina. I can feel it all over my fingers. Your breathing is much faster now and a bit shallower than before." Matt responded.

"Reach up to the end of the vagina, Matt and tell me what you feel." Sarah told him.

"Is that your cervix, Miss?" Matt asked as his fingers gently circled the neck of her womb.

"Yes, be gentle but that feels wonderful." Sarah replied in between gasping breaths.

"Keep going!"

With his fingers deep in her pussy, Matt's broad hands stretched Sarah's vaginal opening wide while his fingers stirred her womb.

The young tutor threw her head back and a low guttural moan started in her belly and gradually turned into a loud cry as her orgasm erupted through her.

Matt could feel the pulsing contractions of her sex around his hand and the cervix between his fingers pulsing as she came. Sarah implored him to keep his fingers in her as she came down from her orgasm. Eventually Matt was told to withdraw his fingers and taste the sticky goo that coated them. 

"It tastes sweet but musky." He told her.

Sarah smiled and they agreed he had learned a lot this week.

Sarah wiped herself with a tissue and then put on a pair of fresh panties she had kept spare in her handbag. Standing up on wobbly legs, she noticed the lump in Matt's trousers.

"Well! That won't do now will it?" she exclaimed.

"Seeing as you've tasted me, shall I taste you now?" Sarah asked, smiling.

Matt simply nodded, almost dumbfounded at this.

Sarah reached forward and unbuckled the young man's jeans and unzipped him. His cock was standing to attention in his boxer shorts. She helped him down with his clothes and his cock stood firm and proud, throbbing with each pulse of blood in his veins.

Sarah bent down and took his cock head into her warm mouth. Her lips encircled the shaft and her tongue swirled around his helmet ridge as he groaned at the first blow job in his life.

This would have to be quick so she worked on him, sucking and caressing his cock with her tongue, humming slightly to vibrate him, while her hands held his shaft. Soon Sarah felt the tell tale tightening in his cock.

"Oh, Miss, I'm gonna cum." Matt gasped.

Sarah mumbled something incomprehensible about keeping going while she pumped his shaft into her mouth.

Matt's orgasm hit him like a train and Sarah swallowed down several gulps of his sperm as it shot over her tongue and down her throat.

Coming up for air after his orgasm had subsided, Sarah told him that his ejaculate was thick and tasted a little salty. 

Sarah set Matt some more reading for next week and she said goodbye.

As she walked down the drive Matt's parents pulled up and she greeted them. Little did Matt's mother know that her boy had fingered his tutor to a tumultuous climax in their front room and what would Matt's father say if he knew that the attractive woman he passed on the drive had his son's still warm semen trickling down her throat into her stomach.