 Matt was 18 and falling behind with his studies and at risk of not getting onto his University course, so his parents enlisted a tutor for 1 to 1 additional lessons after hours. Being 6 foot 4 and athletically build he excelled at sport but needed to get better grades in the classroom. 

Miss Jones was late 20s and appreciated the extra income to supplement her junior teaching salary. She was also petite at 5 foot 3 and a curvy figure with tumbling brown locks of hair reaching her shoulder blades.

Matt has his tutoring on a Wednesday night which was also the night his parents went to dance class so they would leave him and Sarah Jones alone at home with a casserole in the oven for him to eat after classes. They were usually back just after 10pm.

"OK, we're going to try and cover plant and human biology this term" said Miss Jones.

Matt nodded and tried not to stare at her cleavage underneath her white blouse. As a young man his hormones were raging and being stuck in a small room with a grown woman was most distracting. And she had to wear that perfume...well any perfume would have been arousing for him. 

After a few weeks the tension wasn't so bad. It began to feel less like the teachers at college and more like an adult friend that he could talk to and discuss what they were studying. After the first half of the lesson dealt with the intricacies of plant photosynthesis, they moved on to human biology.

"We really need to make sure you know about the male and female reproductive hormone cycles" Miss Jones said. 

"That always comes up on exams so we need to have that covered"

Matt nodded as Sarah talked through various diagrams of the female hormones and reproductive organs. She asked what happened if levels of one hormone didn't drop off in the monthly cycle but Matt looked confused.

"OK, this hormone is in the female contraceptive pill, so taking it keeps the hormone level constant and the egg isn't released so the woman can't get pregnant. Understand?"

Matt had it now. He nodded. 

"But wouldn't those levels have other effects?"

"Well yes." Sarah replied.

"You see I am on the pill. Mainly to control the heavy periods I used to get as a teenager but my breasts have grown a cup size as a result."

She indicated her bulging bosom and Matt couldn't help but look.

Sarah was feeling quite relaxed and wanted him to really understand but at the same time was feely rather naughty and daring. At least she could argue she was teaching him the subject...

"Have you studied the female breasts before?"

"No." Matt said.

"OK, well let's do it properly then."

Sarah unbuttoned her blouse and unclipped her bra.

"You don't mind do you? Only I think it's best to learn thing properly." She said as she free her bare breasts.

Matt gulped but watched intently as Miss Jones described every part and detail of her C cup breasts. She explained how they had grown at puberty, how they felt during her monthly cycle and how that had changed being on the pill. Matt felt his penis begin to throb as she described how they used to feel around the time she ovulated and his eyes weren't deceiving him when he saw her nipples harden and swell. 

She encouraged him to feel the soft tissue of her breasts and so for the first time Matt touched a woman's breasts. He relished their warmth and softness and his cock was definitely starting to grow. 

Sarah felt an exhibitionistic twinge showing off her impressive boobs to this fresh young man as she described the role of the nipples in breastfeeding. 

"Of course, some women say they can experience an orgasm from nipple stimulation alone." She said.

"Is that true, Miss?" Matt gasped.

"Err, yes, I can say that it is true, Matt." Sarah admitted (feeling a little shocked at how much she had revealed of her own experiences).

"OK, ready to move on?" Sarah asked.

"Sure, what's next, Miss?" Matt replied.

Thinking quickly, Sarah retorted.

"Let's look at male secondary sexual characteristics. Can you take your shirt off, please?"

Matt did as he was told. Sarah described the changes a male goes through at puberty pointing out Matt's stubble beard, enlarged voice box that gave him a deeper voice and when she touched his chest hair she felt a tingle run through her body. Was she getting wet down below?

"Now obviously there are other changes. The penis grows, the testicles swell and lower and the man grows hair. Sperm production starts in the testicles but the actual fluid of semen is made in the prostate gland inside your body. Did you know that?"

"No, I didn't Miss. Where is that gland?"

"Well, I can show you if you like?" Sarah replied.

Matt didn't need a second invitation and he peeled off his trousers and shorts.

Confronted with a naked student Sarah reverted to teacher mode. 

"Your prostate gland is about the size of a walnut and is located a couple of inches inside you, just there." She pointed with her finger as Matt peered down to see.

"Some men say that their prostate can be stimulated by a finger up the rectum. Apart from that it's pretty well hidden."

Matt pulled a face.

"Are you producing any quantity of semen, Matt?" Miss Jones enquired. 

"Any nocturnal emissions?"

"I had one but I stop that from happening again." Matt explained.

'How often, Matt?'

"Every day, Miss." He replied.

"That's quite normal for a young man your age." She smiled. 

"Shall we take a tour now we are down here?"

Sarah pointed out all the features of his cock and balls, naming each part and explaining its role. As she did so she gently touched him and with each touch, the young man's cock hardened a little more getting more and more vertical with each pulsation.

"Well we might as well go through the various physiological stages of male sexual arousal." She smiled at him.

Sarah explained that the swelling of the shaft was only the first stage. Taking his cock in her hand she gently slid the soft skin back and forth over the hard shaft beneath a few times. 

"Soon we'll see the next stage, the head or glans penis getting very big." 

Miss Jones explained how the shape was designed to sweep out other males' semen from a woman in more animal times of our evolution.

"These days it just feels good for the woman sliding into her and filling up the space at the end of her vagina by the cervix. It kind of makes her feel full up."

"Next stage; see how your testicles are pulled tight up towards your body."

Matt continued to gaze at Miss Jones bare breasts as she touched his cock. He couldn't believe this was happening but it felt fantastic.

"Next stage should be the precum." Sarah explained. 

"These are juices designed to lubricate the tube down the middle of your penis to aid the flow of the semen when you ejaculate. It's a sign that orgasm is on its way." 

Sarah milked his cock and a drop of dewy liquid formed at the eye of his cock.

"There we go! It's a bit sticky."

She touched the drop with her fingertip and extended it away drawing out a long thread of Matt's pre cum before rubbing it onto the head of his cock.

"Shall we carry on and finish up?" Sarah asked.

Matt could hardly believe what he was hearing. Maybe he had misunderstood so he just nodded and let Miss Jones continue. And continue she did as she put both hands around his shaft and wanked him slowly.

"Does that feel good?" She asked. 

"Uh huh!" Matt replied in between breaths.

"I'll keep going and I'll tell you what's happening."

Sarah continued to stroke his shaft with both hands pausing only to take one hand off to point out another drop of precum or the swelling head of his cock but she never stopped the insistent rhythmical stroking.

"Soon you'll feel a pressure inside your loins and you need to allow that to happen and to boil over as it were. Eventually you will get to a point that even if I stop you will still orgasm regardless. Are you there yet?"

"Almost, I think." Matt gasped.

"At this point the sperm are already mixed with the fluid from your prostate and ready for ejaculation in the seminal vesicles. It's not actually stored in your testicles."

Miss Jones stroked the young man's erection faster until beads of sweat formed on her forehead.

"When you ejaculate, rhythmical pulses of the urethra will shoot the semen out with force. During sex it goes deep into the woman but for now we'll just see how it comes out."

Gazing down at Miss Jones cleavage, Matt could see where it would go.

"I'm gonna cum Miss!"

Sarah carried on wanking him. 

"Keep going!"

The first pulse shot out of the tip of Matt's erection and landed on her chest.

"Wow, I could feel that really pulse in my hand!" She said as a second, then a third pulse of semen shot out.

Matt gasped and groaned as he emptied his spunk over his tutor. When he was done she looked up with a smile and said;

"We covered a lot today, well done. Let's get cleaned up."

Sarah hunted for tissues and wiped herself down not caring that she left traces of semen on her boobs rubbed in to the skin. When the pair of them had dressed they tidied up their papers and books.

"For next week, I want you to read up on the female reproductive system so you can talk me through it."

Matt nodded, not daring to think what next week might bring.