 Chestnut Falls, 1949

When I saw Mr. Pullman, Madison High's cranky, old principal, charging toward me, I knew I was in for it. He bolted toward me, his pudgy frame moving with urgency, gripping his briefcase tightly, and his face becoming red as he walked up the front steps of the school and down the hallway to where I stood. I had just come out of the faculty lounge and was about to head to my classroom when I heard him bellow my name.

"Mr. Cooper!"

I stood there with a surprised look on my face, but I knew what this would be about. "Yes, Mr. Pullman?"

He grabbed my arm and dragged me into his office and closed the door behind him. He wasted no time. "Mr. Cooper, it has come to my attention that my daughter has become the object of affection for nearly every boy here at this school!"

"Emily, sir?"

"Yes, Mr. Cooper, I am referring to Emily, my daughter!"

I swallowed. "Well, Mr. Pullman, you must understand, I was only doing what you'd asked, sir." I replied.

"I asked you to put a stop between her and that half-wit, Wally Benson, and arrange something between her and Bryce Rockwell!" he cried.

"Mr. Pullman, please, your blood pressure!" I reminded him.

But he was right, to some extent. "And now, because of you, my daughter has been had by every boy in this school!!"

I gulped. It was true. Everything had become so mixed up and gotten so out of control over the past few days ever since Mr. Pullman first talked to me about Emily.

It began last Monday morning when Principal Pullman had had enough of his daughter's crush, Wally Benson. Wally was a good kid: smart, considerate, enthusiastic, but he was sort of a goof, I suppose. But, nonetheless, he was madly in love with Emily and she with him. But for whatever reason, Wally was always under Mr. Pullman's skin.

When Mr. Pullman discovered that Bryce Rockwell, Madison's star athlete, was crazy for Emily, he flipped over the moon and called me into his office. He instructed me to distract Wally one afternoon after football practice, Wally being the manager of the team, and to arrange a little rendezvous between his daughter and Bryce while Wally was busy with me.

Naturally, not wanting find myself in the unemployment office, I did as Mr. Pullman requested. And that was when things became...sticky.

I had called Wally into my classroom and asked him to help me move some desks around. Prior to that, I had asked Emily to meet me just outside of the boys' locker room after practice where I knew Bryce would spot her.

The plan went off without a hitch. In fact, it went too well, you could say. Emily had indeed caught Bryce's attention, and Bryce being the tall, strapping, charming young man of 18 that he was managed to attract and seduce the innocent Emily. But Pullman and I had not been aware of Bryce's insatiable sexual appetite and he managed to get Emily into the locker room where, according to the rumors, she gave him the best blowjob of his life and took it in the ass like a real trooper.

But, apparently, I had started a firestorm. Emily had experienced her sexual awakening. I should say, however, that it wasn't too surprising. Emily is a beautiful girl. She just celebrated her eighteenth birthday over the summer and she has blossomed into a gorgeous young woman. I admit there have been times when during my biology class I've caught myself staring at her. Her long auburn hair, the way that it shines and hangs over her shoulders. Her green eyes, intense and brilliant. And the jugs on this girl, I can't begin to tell you, how they sing through her sweaters, how they rest there, how they taunt, how they tease. I'd find myself ogling them while she sat at her desk, listening to me ramble; I'd be speaking of digestion or brain functions, but meanwhile I'd be thinking only about having my dick squeezed between those gorgeous cans of hers. How I wanted to finish on her face, to coat her soft, unblemished skin right there. But I'm getting off topic.

I had created a firestorm. Before we knew it, Emily was eagerly working her way around the male student body of Madison High. Again only rumors, but sources have said she blew Ricky Leggitt in the boys' bathroom, Arnold Caulfield in the library, Jake Delmonico and Hunter Maxwell together in the Delmonico's den, Steve Andrews at the drive-in movie, and countless others. I, myself, walked in on a bukake shower with her and Madison's baseball team. The boys had finished but Emily was still kneeling there on the floor of the locker room, licking up the mess the team had made.

"You want to join in, Mr. Cooper?" the boys had laughed.

I smiled and shook my head, I was still their teacher and authority figure. I told them to get cleaned up, reminding them of the rule about no girls in the boys' locker room.

But it was no use. There was no stopping Emily now that she had tasted the forbidden fruit. She was popular among all the senior boys at Madison and had, in just the last few days since I carried out her father's instructions, sexually serviced most of them.

And now, Mr. Pullman must have gotten wind of it, and had dragged me into his office to find a way to diffuse the situation.

"Mr. Cooper," he said, calming down. "I am going to need your help in getting my daughter's head out of the clouds."

"Of course, sir," I replied. "Yes, sir. Absolutely."

"As much as it pains me, I suppose, at this point, it would be best if she were tied down to someone like Wally Benson."

"Yes, sir," I replied. "I think, perhaps, a guy like Bryce Rockwell was too much for her."

Mr. Pullman nodded. "Yes."

"How about this, sir," I said. "Emily has next period with me. I will ask her to stay after class and there I will discuss what's been going on and try to get her back with Wally."

"Don't 'try' Mr. Cooper, do!" he replied.

"Yes, sir," I said. "Don't worry about a thing, I'll set her straight."

Mr. Pullman flopped down at his desk. "I never thought I'd ever be so desperate for Wally Benson."

"You just hang tight, Mr. Pullman, I'll take care of it."

I walked out of Mr. Pullman's office and left him to sulk at his desk. As I walked back to my classroom I began to bite my lip. What on earth was I going to say to Emily? How ever could I fix this mess?

***

Emily came up to my desk after class. She looked puzzled as to why I had asked her stay. "You wanted to see me, Mr. Cooper?"

I pinched the bridge over my nose. "Yeah, Emily," I said. "Thank you for staying, I need to discuss something with you."

"Of course, Mr. Cooper," she replied eagerly.

I looked up at her. She was adorable. A picture of loveliness. This was going to be difficult.

"Emily, it has come to my attention that you are no longer attached to Wally Benson." I began.

"Attached?" she asked.

"Yes," I replied. "Weren't you and Wally going steady?"

Emily giggled. "Oh, I don't know if you could say we were going steady, Mr. Cooper." She explained. "I mean, we're fond of each other, but we're not exclusive."

"I see," I said.

"After all, I'm only 18, Mr. Cooper," she said. "I don't want to commit to just one fella now. There are still so many opportunities out there for me."

The school books she held in her arms pressed hard against her breasts. I could see the delicious, precious cleavage peeking out from her top. Without even realizing it, I licked my lips. I was suddenly very hungry.

"Mr. Cooper?" she asked, pulling me out of a daydream.

"Uh, yes, of course, Emily," I said, shaking my head. "I agree." What was I agreeing to?

Emily smiled and began to walk around the desk to where I was sitting. "Besides, there is someone else I've had my eyes on lately." She placed her school books down on top of a stack of reports I had piled on my desk.

My eyes widened as I turned my chair to face her, trying hard to focus. "Emily..."

She bit her lip. "Mr. Cooper?" she asked.

After years of teaching high school biology, I had no questions as to why the blood was rushing to my penis. "Yes, Emily?"

She pressed her breasts forward, the top button of her dress popped. "There's been something I was hoping you could help me with, something I've been meaning to ask you."

I cleared my throat. "Of course, Emily," I said. "Anything." And I meant it.

She crept closer to my seat. I was frozen in my chair. Her legs came into contact with mine and I opened my knees to her, inviting her in closer. I knew it then that it was going to happen. I was too weak to resist. I knew it was wrong, everything in my head was telling me it was wrong. But my body wouldn't listen. My heart wouldn't comply with logic. It was basic biology, it was instinct, the natural order. She was a young, fresh beautiful girl and I was a man, a young man of only 31 years, it was basic human nature to want such things, to feel such an attraction. I would copulate with her, we would bring our genitals together; she had what I needed. She would accept my penis and I would mount her, it was nothing dirty or wrong. It was simple biological human behavior. Of course, before we engaged in the primal, physical act of human sexual intercourse, I was really hoping she'd suck my dick first. And maybe tongue my balls a bit.

She dropped her head and brought her hands up to the buttons of her dress. Slowly, she began to unbutton. After each of them unfastened, she looked at me, her eyes playful and seductive. I leaned closer to her from my chair. She pulled at the top of her unbuttoned dress and out popped the most incredible, young tits I'd ever seen. They were round, heavy and full. Her nipples were perfect, pink and erect. Placing her hands along the sides of her tits, she pushed them together and gazed into my eyes. My mouth was open, somewhere during this my jaw had dropped and I was fixated on her cans. I wasn't holding back. I leaned toward her and buried my face against her warm flesh.

Her tits were a soft cushion for my face, smelling of fresh linen. I felt her hand touch the back of my head. I opened my mouth and began to lap up her breasts. They were enormous but I wanted them in my mouth, all of them. I nursed on her nipple like a baby. My tongue poured from my mouth and I dragged it all along her swollen udders, tasting the glorious flesh I hadn't enjoyed since infancy.

With my face still buried into her bosoms, she began to lower herself down before me. She was on her knees, leaning into me, feeding me with her sumptuous titties. Then I felt her hand grab me through my pants. I moaned. Her touch was exhilarating. She rubbed my hard-on while I feasted.

Finally, she pulled her breasts from me, my tongue still wanting more. But she had become too hungry herself. She looked down at my pants, at the stiff rod that she had worked up and was eager to free. I sat back into my chair.

She undid my belt and opened up my trousers. My dick was fighting through the thin fabric of my underwear but Emily came to its rescue. She pulled me out and gazed lovingly at my penis. I was at full mast, fully erect and ready for coitus. But Emily had something else planned first.

I don't know what I noticed first: the way she closed her eyes and brought her head down over my cock as if about to truly experience and savor something she had been craving all her life, or the way her tongue dripped out of her mouth and wrapped itself around and cradled the underside of my rigid johnson. Whichever one it was, both brought forth a soft breath, a moan of pleasure that I'd been withholding and had now been released as this beautiful young girl began to suck on me with warm affection.

My classroom was quiet; the only sounds were the quiet tickings of the clock hanging on the wall, and the soft delicate sucks she was giving me. She was taking her time, moving her head up and down my shaft, giving me long, slow, deliberate sucks. Maybe it was the teacher in me but I couldn't resist telling her how she was doing.

"This is wonderful, Emily," I whispered. "You're really doing great." It was just a little teacher-to-student encouragement. And she deserved it. She really knew how to suck a great dick.

She placed her hands on my thighs and forced her mouth down farther on my cock. Emily was always an overachiever. She gagged a little and came back up for air. "Good girl, Emily," I whispered. "Good girl. Now try it again."

She forced herself down farther. A small gag and back up she came. Her eyes were watering. I leaned up from my chair and gave her a small kiss. I squeezed her breasts and the flesh melted between my fingers. I placed my hand on the back of her head and forced her down again. "Come on, try again. Practice makes perfect, remember?"

Slowly, she inched her mouth down further. Further. The tip of my penis could feel her throat opening up, she went further. "That's it, just like that," I cheered her on. "Keep going, almost there." Further and further, I was getting deeper. Finally, her face met my groin. She buried herself into my pubic hair and my dick was lodged firmly into her face, wedged tightly into her throat. "You did it, baby! You did it!"

She gave a long swallow and then released. She came back up, her eyes red and tearing. I smiled at her. "Good job, Emily, I'm really proud of you."

"Thank you, Mr. Cooper," she replied, sweetly.

She placed a soft hand around the base of my cock and went back down, sucking on the mushroom head of my cock with newfound enthusiasm. Her tongue spiraled around the head while her hand pumped me in earnest. I was about to close my eyes and relax when something caught my eye. Out my classroom window, in the school yard, stood Ricky, Arnold, Jake, Steve Andrews, and a couple others I couldn't make out. They were watching me through the window, silently cheering me on. I saw Ricky and Jake giving me thumbs up while Steve and the other guys were pumping their fists and high-fiving. I shook my head and smiled. Boys. I gave them a fist pump and waved them away. 

Emily stopped. "Is everything alright, Mr. Cooper?" she asked.

"Yes, yes, it's fine," I replied, placing a hand on the back of her head and guiding her back down to where she belonged. "Don't you worry about anything. You just concentrate on sucking that dick."

Emily got back to it; she was always a model student, always took direction so well. She was slurping. I could feel the love in her tongue. The suction she gave had gone from tender and soothing to intense and awesome, making my head want to explode. I needed her to stop or I wasn't going to make it.

"Emily," I whispered.

"Yes, Mr. Cooper?" she asked. Though she had removed her mouth from my swollen glans, her little hand continued to stroke.

"I've been meaning to show you something" I said as she gazed into my eyes. "I have an assignment I thought you may be interested in, something for extra credit."

She sat there on the floor looking up at me, her hand locked onto my cock. "Of course, Mr. Cooper. I'd love to."

I got up from my chair, pushing it back and out of the way. Emily bounced up onto her knees again and started sucking on my dick again. I shook my head. It pained me to ask her to stop. "Emily, sweetie," I whispered. "You've had enough cock." But she didn't stop; her hand pumped me, her tongue swirling around the shaft, her mouth providing an incredible suction. I let her have a few more seconds.

Finally, I picked her up. She bit her lip when she looked at me and I spun her around. I untied the rest of her dress and it dropped to the floor. I wasn't at all surprised to find she wasn't wearing any panties. I ran my hand along the creamy, smooth curve of her ass. How could an ass be so soft and smooth? How could skin be so unblemished and perfect? As a man my skin had rough patches, it was tough and hairy. But Emily was a girl. A gorgeous young girl, unspoiled and supple. I placed her onto the desktop. She giggled and bent over, looking back at me. I dropped my pants down around my ankles and took off my shirt.

Her pussy was wet and throbbing, hungry for cock, desperate to be filled. I brought my penis to the lips of her tiny cavern and she stopped me. "Mr. Cooper, you shouldn't go in there. You might get me pregnant."

It was true, she was right. Had I taught her that? Again it was simple biology, a part of sexual intercourse and human nature. But who fucking cared? "Don't worry, sweetheart, I won't get you pregnant," I replied. "I know a little trick; you'll be fine."

Emily smiled at me. "Ok, Mr. Cooper."

Again, I readied my dick for her pussy and slowly, I pushed myself inside her. She quivered. I had to catch my breath as I entered her; she was tight, so tight and warm and wet. My dick was at home inside her. I pulled out completely and then charged back in. She gripped the top of my desk, strong and determined, determined to take my dick, to give herself to me. I wiped the sweat from my brow and licked my lips. I fucking loved giving it doggy-style. I held her hips and began to pummel her. I thrust my fuck pole deep into her cunt and felt the juices run all over my flesh. The walls of her pussy were squeezing me, pulling me in deeper. As I fucked her, her titties were swinging all over the place, dancing. I leaned over her and grabbed them, squeezing them tight in my hands. She moaned. Her pussy juices were dripping onto a collection of essays I had meant to grade later that afternoon.

My breath became ragged. I was sweating. It wouldn't be long now. The biology course I was giving young Emily would be finished soon. She was such a good girl, so eager to learn and take on these special assignments. Forget the extra-credit, I was giving this girl an A.

I fucked her relentlessly, pounding her hard from behind. I released her tits and grabbed hold of her waist. I was about to cum. It was time to employ the little trick I knew that I had promised to use on Emily.

"Fuck, Emily," I cried. "I'm gonna cum!"

"Yes!" she cried. "Give it to me, Mr. Cooper!" She was adorable.

Quickly I grabbed my dick from her pussy and charged it right into her asshole. Emily cried out loud. I buried myself deep into her sphincter and moaned in ecstasy; it was tighter than her pussy. I thrust, fucking her ass wildly. My balls tightened, there was an explosion, my eyes scrunched and the beauty of human biology was on full display in my classroom. My dick blasted a thick wad of sperm right into butthole. I almost doubled over. My dick fired again. I pushed myself as deep as I could go, Emily was scratching at the desktop. The cum was gushing out of me, coating her insides.

"That's a good girl!" I cried. "That's a GOOD girl!" I was gripping her waist so tight I thought I would leave bruises. Bruises would be nothing, however, compared to the damage I was doing to her ass. I was tearing her up good. I would have stopped but I wasn't yet finished. I shot a final wad of goo up her chute. My balls had been drained and my dick was spent. I hung over her, my dick lodged deep inside her rectum, basting in my own mess. My hands moved along her body, up to her breasts once more. I squeezed. I wanted to stay just like that.

My dick was quickly going flaccid and it dropped from her ass. I released her and pulled back. I walked backward a few steps, in a daze until I felt the edge of my chair. I plopped down.

Emily was still on my desk, on all fours, her ass still propped out and looking delicious. Had I hurt her? Was she ok? My heart stopped for a second. Finally, she looked back and me and smiled. A wave of relief washed over me and I smiled back. She wiggled her ass and my junk seeped out. A few thick dribbles dropped onto the stack of papers on my desk.

"Oops," she whimpered. "I'm sorry, Mr. Cooper."

I laughed. "Don't worry about, Emily. It's my mess."

I stood up and walked over to her again. I ran my hand over her creamy little ass once more as I picked up the papers our mess had pooled on. It was an essay I had meant to grade written by Harriet McCarthy. Harriet, that little cunt. She was a sniveling, whiny little goody-goody. She was very smart, I'm certain the essay was an A+ paper, but give me a break. I crumpled it up and tossed it into the trash. Sorry, Harriett you never turned anything in. I looked up at little Emily. My real academic achiever. I gave her ass cheek a soft, sensual kiss.
