 It had been quite an evening for Jim. He had just awakened the morning after his 18th birthday and was exhausted. His parents had given him a grand party to celebrate the occasion and he had indulged perhaps a little too much. He was not a big drinker, but he decided to have a few shots with the guy's during the party. Not exactly the best idea he'd ever had. His head was still a bit fogged from all partying he and his friends had done and was reluctant to get out of bed.

His parents had left earlier that morning to visit his aunt and uncle upstate and would be gone for the next 3 days, so there was really no reason for him to get up. Or so he thought!

As he rolled over to go back to sleep, he heard voices in the hall outside his room. He looked at the clock and knew it wasn't his folks since they had left around 8 o'clock and it was now 11:45! So he slipped quietly out of bed and slipped on a pair of gym shorts. He headed for the door to have a look when the door flew open, scaring the shit out of him.

"Happy Birthday little brother!" the girl in the doorway yelled. It was his older sister, Jennifer. "Were you still in bed? My god Jimmy, it's almost noon!"

Jim looked at his sister and yelled, "Damn it Jen, you scared the crap out of me! What are you doing here?"

"I came to wish my favorite brother a happy birthday silly boy!" she said playfully as she gave him a big hug and kiss on the cheek. 

Jen was three years older then Jim and had been away at college for the past year. She was average height, about 5' 6", and a hundred and twenty pounds or so with shoulder length blonde hair and the bluest eyes ever seen. She had a very attractive face and what most of Jim's friends called "a killer body", with fair sized boobs and a nice tight ass! Even Jim had to admit his sister was a total hottie! 

"Jen, I'm your only brother, but thanks for the thought" He said, then he asked. "Why are you really here?"

She stepped back from him and laughed. "Okay sheriff, you got me. I also came here for a little vacation. The fall semester doesn't start until next week so I thought I'd drop in on you and the folks. Where are they anyway?"

"They left this morning for Aunt Grace and Uncle Dan's. They won't be back till late Sunday afternoon."

"Oh" Jen said, "Well then, I guess it'll just be the three of us this weekend!"

Jim looked at her perplexedly, "Three of us?"

Just then a girl walked thru the door to Jim's room, eating a piece of his leftover birthday cake.

"Hey Jen, there's a whole lot of cake left in the Kitch ... WHOA! Hello cutie!" she said as she saw Jim standing their in nothing but a pair of gym shorts.

Jim looked from the girl to his sister and back. "Who are you?" he asked.

"This is my best friend from school, Erica." Jen said with a big grin. "She didn't have anything to do this weekend either since her family was going to Europe for three weeks, so I invited her to come home with me for the weekend."

Jim looked back to Erica and said hello. She smiled at him and gave him a wink. "Nice shorts." She said playfully.

Jim smiled back, not so much from her flirtatious attitude, but from what she looked like standing there. She was a little shorter then Jen, about 5'4", but was quite a bit more voluptuous, with large, firm breasts that looked to Jim to be around a 36 or 38 D's. She had a nicely tapered waist and a flat tummy and the greatest set of legs he had ever seen. She had a generous swell to her hips, what some guys call "baby makers", and a wondrously firm, "apple ass". She had dark brown hair that hung down between her shoulder blades and bright blue eyes and was wearing a red college tee shirt which was Jim thought a size or two too small and a pair of extremely short and tight shorts that showed off her ass beautifully. Jim began to feel the blood rushing to his southern reaches! 

"Hey Jimmy, you little horn dog you." Jen said as she gave her brother a playful slap on the shoulder. "Quit ogling my friend and get dressed. I'll take you out to lunch for your birthday." 

Jim blushed a bit at her statement and nodded, realizing that he was beginning to get hungry. The two girls left him to get dressed with Erica casting a quick glance back over her shoulder at Jim and giving him a wink.

Jim closed the door and put on a pair of boxers, jeans and a tee shirt and went out to the living room where Jen and Erica waited for him. They all piled into Jen's little S-10 pickup and drove to one of the local BBQ joints. The truck cab was not meant to carry three people, so Erica had to sit on Jim's lap, which didn't seem to bother either of them, least of all Jim! He was totally enticed by this Erica's perfume and the way she would wiggle just a bit when they made a turn or hit a bump in the road. He knew he was starting to get a hard on, but there was little he could do about that now. He just hoped that Erica didn't notice it.

They sat and ate barbeque, drank soda and chatted about everything from school and family to their favorite TV shows. Jen had been away to school for almost a year solid and wanted to get caught up on everything. Jim filled her in on what few changes there were and asked what was new in her life, the whole time thinking about her friend Erica. 

After nearly two hours, they paid the bill and went back to the house where Jen suggested they all go out and lounge by the pool. Jim agreed. He wanted to see what Erica looked like in a swim suit.

They all changed into their swim suits and wondered out to the pool. Jim was the first one out and was setting up the lounge chairs and umbrellas since they had been moved off to the side to make room for his birthday party the night before. Erica was the next one dressed and made her way down stairs. She wore a French cut green and gold bikini that barely covered her ample breasts. She stopped just inside the sliding door that led to the back yard and watched Jim.

Jim was not overly tall, just a shade under six foot, but he was extremely well put together, or so Erica thought. He had very broad shoulders and a lean, trim waist, made so by years of athletic activity. He also had a rather prominent bulge in the front of his swim trunks which made her wonder what those black trunks were hiding! 

Yes, she was quite taken by her friends little brother, especially after riding to and from the restaurant on his lap where she swore she could feel the makings of a rather prominent hard-on! Perhaps she should investigate further!

Jen came walking up a few moments later and they went out to the pool. They sat on the loungers and chatted, enjoying the warm sun and the cool breeze that had started to blow. Jen decided to get something to drink and asked if Erica and Jim wanted anything. They both said they'd like some iced tea, but Jim said there wasn't any made. Jen shrugged her shoulders and said she would make some and went inside to do it.

When Jen was in the house, Erica turned over on her back and untied her swim suit top. Jim watched her carefully from behind his sunglasses, hoping for a glimpse of those magnificent tits. He was not disappointed! As Erica adjusted her position on the lounger to reach for the tanning oil, she rose up just enough for Jim to catch a look at her left breast. He couldn't believe how large and firm they were or how big, pink and beautiful her nipple was. He swore that the nipple he saw was at least as big as his pinky finger and over half an inch long! He felt a stirring in his crotch at the thought of this. 

"Hey Jimmy, are you listening to me?" 

Jim turned his head and saw that Erica was looking at him with a big smile.

"Sorry to interrupt your daydreaming over there, but can you help a girl out and do my back for me?"

Jim nodded sheepishly and said, "Sure, not a problem."

He stood up from his lounger and walked over to where she was laying, taking the tanning oil from her hand. He stood above her and stared at her for a moment, admiring the wondrous curves of her body and the fullness of her ass. He wondered what it would feel like to have his hands full of those luscious cheeks while he rammed his ...!

"Are you okay Jimmy?" Erica asked, looking over her shoulder at him. Then she noticed the bulge that had formed in his swim suit and smiled. 

"Oh, well you just take your time back there sweetie and have a good look, but I think we both might enjoy it more if you'd rub that oil on me!" she teased.

Jim blushed and began rubbing the oil on her back. She laid there quietly as he worked the oil into her shoulders and upper back, enjoying the feel of the warm sun and the even hotter hands on her skin. She could just see Jim standing there rubbing tanning oil on her and getting a woody doing it. He was getting one too, she saw it when she looked back at him. She liked the fact that he was turned on by her and wondered what she should do about it. She began thinking about the ride from the restaurant again and the feeling of his cock rubbing against her ass, which was very exciting, especially when they hit a bump in the road. After a few moments she had began to formulate a plan.

It was at that moment that Jim began rubbing her lower back and sent a shockwave of excitement thru her. She let out a soft moan of pleasure that she was sure Jim had to have heard. 

Jim was rubbing the oil into Erica's smooth, soft skin, enjoying every moment of it. He had started at her neck, moving slowly down to her shoulders and back. He thought about getting a little frisky with her by rubbing oil along her sides and letting his fingers drift down to the sides of her tits, maybe even trying a reach around on her, but decide he had better not since this was his sister's best friend and he had only met her a few hours ago. So he played it straight and kept his hands in "neutral territory". He started rubbing her lower back, about two inches above her swim suit bottom when he heard her gasp and let out a low, but throaty moan. 

Had he just hit her "G-spot"? He thought to himself and pressed on.

He ran his hands up and down her back, moving lower and lower with each stroke and each stroke resulting in another moan that got progressively louder. She also began shifting a bit on the lounger under his ministrations, her breath now coming much faster then before. Jim became more embolden by this and began pushing her swim suit bottoms down off her hips, exposing more of her ass to his probing hands. She raised her hips up off the lounge chair slightly, making it easier for him when they were rudely interrupted.

"Alright you two, put your clothes back on and behave yourselves!" Jen said jokingly as she emerged from the house carrying a tray with three glasses of ice and a pitcher of tea. "I can't leave you two alone for a minute without you pawing each other!" 

"Jealous?" Erica asked, smiling at Jen.

"Maybe a little, after all, he's my brother, so I'm at a definite disadvantage" She responded.

They both laughed, then Jen noticed the hard on Jim had.

"Wow Jimmy, you sure have grown up in the past year!" Jen said, nodding at the large bulge in his swim suit.

Jim blushed again and tried to cover his hard on with his hands, eliciting laughter from the two girls. Jim took a glass of tea from the tray and walked into the house, embarrassed that he couldn't control himself better. He went directly to his bedroom and shut the door, locking it behind him. He sat the tea down on the dresser and went to the window, looking out at the pool area where he saw Jen and Erica chatting. He watched as Erica sat up on the lounger and finished tying here top back on. 

He couldn't take it any longer, so he stripped off his swim suit and, while he watched Erica and Jen out by the pool, he began to stroke himself in an attempt to relieve the pressure in his balls. He fantasized about what might have been had Jen not come out of the house and interrupted them. He was convinced he would have been able to get Erica naked and would have been doing her right there on the lounge chair. 

As the visions of himself and Erica played thru his mind, he shot his load across the room onto a pile of dirty laundry nearly ten feet away.

With the pressure mercifully released, he put on a fresh pair of boxers and shorts and began reliving the events of the past few hours, knowing that he had most likely lost his one and only chance of busting his cherry!

"So what's going on between you and my brother?" Jen asked her friend. 

"Nothing really, just a little bit of good old fashioned flirting." Erica said with a smile. "I think he has the hot's for me Jen."

"Oh I know he does!" Jen said. "Every time he looks at you he's practically drooling and he gets a hard on the size of a baseball bat! My god, I never knew his dick was that big!"

"Yeah, you should have felt it when we were going to eat! I thought he was going to burst right thru his jeans and straight up my pussy."

"Oh, I'm sure you would have loved that!" Jen said playfully.

"Maybe I would!" Erica said.

They both laughed and continued to talk for a few more hours until it was time to cook some dinner. They went in the house and changed into some fresh clothes and began cooking dinner. Jen went to check on Jim and see if he was going to eat with them.

"Hey Jimmy, are you okay? Are you getting hungry?" she called thru the door after finding it locked. Jim opened the door. 

"Come to take a few more shots at me sis?" he asked as he leaned on the door.

"Hey Jimmy look" she began. "I was just messin with you. I think it's great that you find Erica attractive. God knows every other guy does! Besides, I think she finds you kinda hot too!" 

Jim looked at her a little surprised. He thought Jen was just pulling his chain, but then he realized she was serious. He had thought that Erica was just messin with him too, that she had no real interest in him at all. Perhaps this changed things!

"Look Jimmy, if you and Erica want to hook up, that's cool. I think you two look good together, even if she is a little older then you."

Jim nodded his head as she talked.

"Ya know kiddo, I'm even a little envious of Erica." Jen said as she looked him up and down. "If I'd known what a stud you were going to become, I'd have kept you for myself!" Jen said with a wink. Then she gave him a big hug and a quick kiss on the lips and left the room, calling back that dinner would be ready in about twenty minutes.

Dinner was uneventful as they kept the subjects of conversation to safe topics. When they had finished, the three of them cleaned the kitchen and put the food away and they moved into the living room and watched some television. Jim spent most of the time watching Erica out of the side of his eyes. Luck for him they had turned off the lights to watch TV. He was sitting in the recliner, the farthest seat from the television while Jen and Erica sat on the sofa to the left of were Jim was. Erica was sitting closest to Jim so he had an unintruded view of her. 

In the light of the TV, he could see her face perfectly. He noticed that her nose turned up just a touch and her lips were full and luscious. She reminded him of Megan Fox. 

As he sat there watching her, she turned toward him and when she saw him watching her, she gave him the sexiest smile he had every seen and winked at him. His cock jumped to life for the hundredth time that day. He was totally in love with this Erica girl!

About 11:30, Jim said he was tired and going to go to bed. In truth, he just wanted to go and jerk off, having spent the day with a hard on over Erica.

"Only eighteen and already acting like an old man." Jen teased. He got up and gave his sister a hug and then to his surprise, Erica got up off the sofa and gave him a warm, firm, full body hug. Then he went off to his room.

As was the norm for him, he striped off his clothes, since he always slept in the buff, and crawled beneath the sheets. He laid there for about an hour, just thinking about the events of the day and wondering what it had all meant, all thoughts of jerking off forgotten after that tremendous hug Erica gave him. He started running thru the events of the day in his head.

First, his sister shows up, unannounced with her friend in tow, a very sexy friend that he has the major hots for and who it seems might feel something for him. She had been flirting with him all day and Jen did say that she liked him. But could he sure that she was really interested in him? His sister said she was! Was his sister right? Does she like him? 

He laid there and pondering this for another hour or so when he heard a soft knocking at his door. In the dim light of his computer screen, he saw the door slowly open and a face appear in the opening.

It was Erica!

"Hey Jimmy, you awake?" he heard her say softly.

Jim sat up in bed. "Yeah, I am. What's up?"

Erica stepped into the room and closed the door behind her. Jim could see she was wearing a short, nearly see-through red teddy and matching panties. He couldn't believe how beautiful she looked standing there in that dim light. He instantly felt a stirring in his loins. Erica walked over to his bed and sat on the edge.

"Look Jimmy, I just wanted to say I'm sorry for teasing you today. I didn't mean to hurt your feelings or anything."

Jim shrugged and said, "No biggie!" 

"No, it is a biggie. I shouldn't have acted that way. After all, I'd just meet you!"

"Well, like I said, no biggie, besides, I kinda liked it!"

"Really?" Erica said with a big smile. "I'm glad you enjoyed it, I know I did!"

They both laughed, then Erica gave Jim an odd kind of smile.

"Ya know Jimmy, I never did get a chance to give you a birthday present."

"Well, you didn't know me until today." He said.

"Would you mind if I gave you a late birthday present?" she asked.

Jim looked at her quizzically. "No, I wouldn't mind at all. What is it you want to give me?"

Erica stood up and stepped a bit closer to Jim and said, "Me!"

Then she slowly slid the straps of her teddy off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor, revealing those magnificent breasts to Jim's hungry eyes. Jim's cock instantly became as hard as an iron bar, making a circus tent out of the bed sheets. His eyes nearly popped out of his head as he stared at the pure beauty that stood before him. 

"Oh my God!" he whispered softly as he drank her in.

Erica tilted her head to one side and said, "So sweetie, what do you think of my gift? Do you like?"

Jim couldn't say anything. All he could do was nod his head slowly. Erica's smile grew somewhat mischievous at that point and she stepped up to the edge of Jim's bed. She cast a sideways glance at the tower that had materialized under his sheet and started to slowly stroke it.

"Looks like you really do like my present!" she said softly, still rubbing his cock thru the sheet. His breathing became much faster as she ran her soft, warm hand over him. "Why don't we get rid of this sheet and you let me take care of this for you."

Jim was speechless! All he could do was sit there and watch as Erica pulled the sheet down and reveled his swollen manhood to her. She gasped slightly as she looked upon it for the first time. She had no idea it would be this big! Sure, she had felt it on the ride to and from the restaurant pressing up against her ass and had seen the large bulge it had made in his swim trunks, but those times could not have ever given evidence of how well endowed he truly was. He had to be ten full inches long, if not more, and even thou he was not overly thick, perhaps the same thickness as a cucumber, the head of his penis was extremely large, perhaps two inches across. She could feel the warm wetness begin to spread thru her crotch.

"Oh my God Jimmy, it's gorgeous." She said hungrily. "Oh we are going to have so much fun!"
