 Preface

For some time now, I have had it in mind to put together a sort of compilation of my stories. Not the entire body of work, of course, but a kind of smorgasbord, to titillate both new readers and old into delving back into the main stories at their leisure. To my knowledge this has not been done by any other writers of erotica thus far. Each Chapter or Part sustains itself. One may stop and/or start at any point one chooses to. 

I wish happy reading to one and all.

Paris Waterman

Author's Note: The only thanks we get are your comments and e-mails. Please let us know how you like these stories. What's good, and what's not so good. Thank you.



Part 1

"I met this girl, her name is Shelly," Sullivan said as if testing me to see if I'd mock him somehow. This was not the overly confident Sully I knew so well.

"Do tell," I said. 

This was a first; he'd never dropped a girl's name quite like this before. It was always something along the lines of describing the pickup, the seduction, (in great detail, I should add) and any humorous antidote resulting from their relationship. So it sounded serious.

"Yeah," he glanced down at his feet, pawed the ground like a bull getting ready to charge. "Thing is, we're serious. Met my folks and all that shit, ya know?"

This was serious.

I shook his hand. "Do I get to meet her too? I mean, this is great news Sully."

"Umm, yeah, thanks." He said with a furrowed brow. "Meeting you like this is good." 

"Always good to see you too," I said, just marking time in the conversation.

"Gonna get married in four months," he said as softly as I'd ever heard him say anything.

"Well, hell! Sully, congratulations! When do I get to meet this lucky girl?"

"Would you . . . I mean I know its last minute and all . . . but would you be my best man?"

"Yeah, sure," I said immediately. "It would be an honor. When, where and whatever details do I need?"

Sully smiled, and relaxed obviously relived at my acceptance. We wandered into a bar and had a couple beers and all the while Sully seemed to be somewhere else.

"Hey, Sully!" I called out, as I nudged him. He looked at me, but was silent for a moment. Then he seemed to make up his mind and looked me right in the eye and said, "I want you to do me a favor."

"I just did, I'm your best man remember?"

"No, not that. This is something else. I . . . think you'll like it . . . I mean I don't think you're gonna say no, but it's an unusual favor."

"So . . .?"

"It's about Shelly. I mean, you don't know anything about her and all . . ."

"Like I said. So?"

"Let's get another beer first huh?"

Actually, we had two more beers before he broke the silence.

"We've known each other forever, right?"

"Forever, yeah."

"What I'm gonna ask . . . whether you say yes or no . . . it stays between us, right? I mean, you ain't gonna blab this around after you have a couple beers some night, okay?"

"Our secret Sully, now what the fuck is it?

He exhaled, then took a deep breath, "Okay, Shelly's birthday is coming up, next Saturday. I mean this Saturday." He was as nervous as I'd ever seen him.

"We been talking, ya know? About life and the future, shit like that."

"Sully, get to the fucking point!"

He swallowed his beer and motioned for another. After the bartender wiped the foam from the top of his glass he managed to get it out.

"We've talked about fantasies. Sexual fantasies, ya know?" I nodded. He had my complete attention. 

"Shelly . . . she . . . told me hers."

"Yeah, so?"

"She, err, fantasizes having two guys sticking to her at the same time."

"You mean one up her ass and one in her snatch?"

"Umm, I'm not sure about that, but for sure sucking one cock while getting poked by the other."

I smiled at him and he wiped his brow. New beads of sweat replaced the one's he had wiped away.

I couldn't believe my luck. I knew Sully. He was serious.

"You can count on me, Sully." 

I had a raging hardon already. 

"Are you sure she's for this?"

He gave me that confident smile of his, and I knew it was.

Later that night, I boffed my girl, Mandy four times before she begged off, claiming she was "sore down there." I wound up whacking off once on my own just to cool down.

