 I came home from work, tired, cranky, feeling every single day of my 44 years. It was my birthday. I figured it would be another birthday spent alone. All I wanted was a hot bath, a stiff drink, and to forget the past year. It seemed like nothing had gone right for me this year. Oh, my job was great, I was paying my bills, managing after the divorce, but some days the feeling of being on my own was more than I could bear.

I struggled to get the door open, balancing the bag of groceries in one hand, trying to get the lock open with the other. As I almost fell through the door, I realized something was different. There was a wonderful smell coming from the kitchen, and there was a light on in the living room. I cautiously continued into the house, trying not to panic. I couldn't imagine who would be there. 

As I turned the corner into the living room, I saw him standing by the big front window, one hand in his pocket, the other holding a drink. I just stood there staring at him. I shook my head, feeling like I was losing my mind. It was Jake. But Jake lived in New Orleans, a thousand miles away. We had been friends for over a year now, a close intimate friendship that started in a chat room on a cold winter night. 

"Hi sugar," he said quietly as he set the drink down. "Surprised?" 

I dropped everything I was holding and flew into his arms. I felt a sob clutching my chest, and I just hugged him so tight. We had talked about him coming out for my birthday, but his business schedule hadn't allowed us to make any plans. 

"My God, Jake, how did you get here?" I asked.

He chuckled and said, "An airplane, silly. And your landlady so nicely let me into your apartment."

"I mean, how, I thought........" I tried to ask, but he put a finger across my lips.

"Shhhhhhhhh. It doesn't matter, I'm here, ok?"

I looked into his green eyes and I was lost. This was a man who knew me probably better than anyone in the world. We had spent so many evenings together, talking deep into the night, sharing our fantasies, our fears, our dreams, our hearts. He tilted my chin up more, and ran his thumb over my bottom lip. "I couldn't let you spend your birthday alone, slurpygirl."

Slurpygirl. That was his pet name for me. It always made my heart melt when he would come online and ask how his favorite girl was. It's funny how just seeing his name on the screen would lift my spirits and make a terrible day all better somehow. I couldn't believe he was here, in the flesh, holding me close. His body was warm, and solid, and so very, very male. I had seen dozens of pictures of him, and we had spoken on the phone many times, but nothing prepared me for the way he felt. Having his arms around me was like coming home after a long journey. 

I felt safe, and warm, and loved. So loved I felt the tears welling up again. As I clung to him he put his hand on the back of my head, just like he described hundreds of times during our chats. His long fingers threaded through my hair, and I felt the tears slip down my cheeks as I snuggled into his embrace. 

"Shhhhhhh, it's alright, I'm here," he murmured. We rocked gently against each other, and I realized he had put music on sometime. I could hear the sounds of one of my favorite CD's playing softly in the background. He laced his fingers through mine with one hand, and put one arm around my waist, and we began to dance. Nothing had ever felt more right. This feeling of being up close to him, his arms around me, his warmth penetrating my very soul. It was everything I had ever wished for.

As we moved slowly to the music, I gazed up at him. That was one thing I had always loved about him. Being tall myself, I loved the feeling of having to look up to a man, and he was a good six inches taller than me. He felt wonderful, and smelled even better. I remember he had told me that he wore Brut cologne, and I had bought a sample bottle one day while out shopping. I kept it in the drawer of the desk where my computer was, and sometimes when we would chat, I would take it out and smell it, imagining he was there with me. But that paled in comparison to how it smelled on his skin. I nuzzled my face into his chest, and inhaled deeply. 

His muscular thigh had slipped between mine, and I could feel the incredible warmth of his big body between my legs. It made me shudder all over, and break out in goosebumps. His arm tightened around me, and I heard, and felt, a low grumble in his broad chest. I smiled, and lifted my head. He was looking down at me, and I had never seen an expression like the one on his face.

It reminded me of a kid at Christmas, that glowing light in their eyes, the anticipation of the magic of Santa Claus shining brightly on their face. He leaned down and kissed me. His lips were soft, and warm, and so gentle against mine. I felt myself softening, yielding, melting into him and that first kiss. His hands came up to frame my face, and he deepened the kiss. My mouth opened under his, and his velvety tongue began an intimate, thorough search of my willing mouth. 

The kiss went on and on, our heads turning one way, then the other, testing different angles. It settled into a long drugging kiss that warmed me from the tip of my toes to the top of my head. My arms lifted to wrap around his neck, and I pressed closer, feeling like I couldn't get close enough. He broke the kiss, and leaned his forehead against mine, both of us panting slightly. I could feel my heart pounding in my chest, and I wanted nothing more than to stay like this forever.

"Oh, sugar, what you do to me," Jake whispered.

I could feel what I was doing to him. It was the same thing that was happening to me. I felt alive, and happy, and so full of love and excitement I could hardly breathe. I could feel the tenseness in his body, the hardness that was nestled against my softness, and pressing urgently towards me. His hands dropped to my hips, then caressed down across my bottom, his big hands pulling me against him more. 

"Jake," was all I could manage to say.

His head went up sharply, and he looked into my passion filled eyes, and I knew he heard the plea in my voice. Never had I needed a man more. And not just any man, this one particular man. The desire I had for him was like a drug, surging through my system, making me feel strong yet weak at the same time. He kissed me again, but it was different this time. Harder, urgent, an answer to my silent prayer.

We stumbled towards the couch, my hands suddenly clumsy as we struggled to remove the barrier of our clothing. I wanted to feel his skin against mine, to feel his body become a part of mine. And I wanted it NOW. Little whimpers were passing from my mouth to his as his strong hands efficiently stripped me. Finally, both of us naked, we lay on the couch. I could feel his body along mine, touching me in so many places. 

Jake kissed me again, and one hand wrapped around a soft breast. He groaned into the kiss as the nipple hardened against his palm. His mouth was so hot, so wet, and the kisses just flowed one into the other. His hand massaged and kneaded that soft flesh, and I felt myself becoming boneless and limp, and a deep ache between my legs began throbbing insistently. "Please," I whispered.

His hand soothed down my body, skimming across my silken skin, then settled between my legs. My hips arched up against him, and a long finger insinuated itself between the soft folds. "Oh, slurpygirl," he moaned as he felt the effect he was having on my body. He began probing, stroking, and massaging me, driving me crazy under him. 

My hand traveled down his long body, over his hip, and across his lower abdomen. My fingers wrapped around him, the velvety soft skin burning hot against my palm, and so alive. The hardness underneath that softness made me gasp as I imagined that part of him deep inside me. His face burrowed into my neck, his tongue rasping across my skin as he continued to penetrate me with his finger, first the one, then another slipping in beside it. A guttural groan was my only response. 

My hand tightened around him, and I stroked him slowly. His hips were rocking against my hand. He raised his head and looked down at me. One hand began caressing my face while the other continued to play with my wet, heated body. " Let it go," he said.

My head dropped back and my back arched and I began convulsing over and over as a powerful orgasm gripped me. His hand followed my bucking hips, but before the last peak he was suddenly inside me, full and deep. I could feel my body clenching tight around him as he drove into me all the way, holding himself there. I shuddered under him. As I slowly came back to my senses, I felt my desire returning ten fold. 

My eyes opened lazily to find him staring down at me, a twinkle in his eye. "Welcome back," he chuckled.

I pulled his face down for a ferocious kiss, and he began to move. Long, deep thrusts, filling me, over and over. My tongue chased his, swirling around his mouth, nipping at it with my teeth, sucking on it, then his sexy bottom lip. Pulling up, he knelt between my legs, his hands pulling my hips up more. My body was hot around him, clutching at him, pulling him deeper, and so slippery wet. His thumb went between us, and he began circling my hard center, and a second orgasm came so hard and so fast, it took us both by surprise. I screamed his name, and my body tightened around him. 

His hands gripped me tighter, and he began savagely pounding into me. He wrapped my legs around his waist and he leaned forward, pressing me into the couch with his weight. As I moved in perfect counterpoint to his deep sure thrusts, his own orgasm quickly claimed him. I felt his body tighten, and then pumping his very essence into me. He collapsed on top of me, and we clung to each other, our hearts thundering in our chests. 

He kissed the side of my neck, then my lips, and said, "Happy Birthday, sugar."

I laughed, and kissed him back. "Baby, this is only the beginning." He just smiled.