 The Underground was a nightclub, situated in the bowels of the city, that catered to all the alternative subcultures- the punks, the goths, the rivetheads. Every mainstream castoff. Known for loud, stomping music and nothing in the way of a dress code, it's patrons crawled from every hole and seedy corner of the city.

Lynn looked out over the dancefloor, which was already keeping a couple dozen people occupied. Thick, heavy beats mingled with cigarette smoke, choking the atmosphere as lights pulsed on exposed skin.

Weaving through the maze of bodies, Lynn staked her usual territory near the center of the floor. Exertion and sweat had already formed an encompassing vapor of humidity. She hadn't been dancing for two minutes when a man appeared next to her. She recognized him as a regular, a long-haired goth type that took his cues from an Anne Rice bible. Too pretty, not her type, not by a mile.

"Hello, beautiful." he purred against her ear.

"Not interested." She spun around, dancing with her back to him.

"I'm only asking to dance with the most alluring woman here." he said, insinuating himself in front of her again.

Lynn couldn't stop herself from laughing. She wondered how much time he spent in front of the mirror perfecting an air that was undoubtedly meant to be hypnotic.

"I don't think my boyfriend would like that."

"I don't see anyone with you now. Who is he?"

"He's Jack."

The vamp moved a few paces away, which she had been counting on. "I'm sorry. I didn't know."

With that, he was gone. The two things that commanded respect there were boots designed to stomp, and Jack. Lynn didn't like tossing his name around, because it was more of a hindrance than anything else. But it had it's uses. Normally, only the new arrivals approached her. Her attachment to Jack kept everyone else at arm's length. Most nights she danced by herself, or with her only good friend, Wilma. Jack never danced, just watched. Night after night she would sink herself into the crush of bared, sweaty bodies that writhed to the music, allowed only to look, not touch.

Not that Jack wasn't great, he was. Every other girl's dream. Rock solid and faithful to the end. But Lynn already felt that familiar itch. Their sex life was fantastic, and she might even have been able to carry on with him as the only man fucking her. But she needed adventure, variety, and she needed her occasional lust for women satisfied. She brought it up once and Jack listened to her, patiently, and agreed to a threesome, even though Lynn knew he was the one-woman type.

Lynn liked bad girls and big tits, but that wasn't Jack's type. So she went out of her way to pick the perfect girl, an adorable blonde with a sweet smile and firm, perky tits. Lynn and the girl made out in front of Jack, and made it as far as getting topless and very friendly. Lynn urged him to touch her, but his mood remained somewhere between discomfort and anger, so she sent the girl on her way.

The music was getting louder, and more bodies squeezed onto the floor. It was as close as one could get to an orgy without actually fucking, although many were close to it. It wasn't unusual to see people begin their foreplay right on the floor, grinding and groping, kissing and licking.

She always dressed with the expectation of overwhelming heat. Her skirt was short and vinyl, with a zipper that was more decoration that utility running it's length that, if pulled, would have had her skirt falling off her like a wet towel. A black strapless shirt clung to her tits, her hardened nipples exposed to the crowd. Sweat rolled down her skin, from her neck to the swell of her tits, and down over the demon skull tattoo that sat under her navel and spread from hip to hip, watching over one of her most prized possessions.

She watched a devastating brunette dance next to her. The girl had eyes that could fuck you from across the room, and a body that promised more. As she watched her hips sway, Lynn imagined getting her tongue in her mouth and her hands around those full tits. She turned and closed her eyes, continued dancing as the area just below her demon friend began to throb to the latest beat. She needed to get fucked, but it would be hours still before Jack would take her home. And she would never be able to convince upstanding Jack to take her to the car, or out back, and give her a good, quick pounding.

She wiped sweat from her face with the back of her hand and, as she did, noticed a man standing by the bar watching her. He was new, she would have remembered him. Tall and lean, wearing a black wife-beater that showed off his chest and arms, dark cropped hair and dark eyes. He had her attention.

He smiled at her, sending chills from her stomach down through her thighs. Before she could smile back, she felt someone tapping on her shoulder. Fearing Jack, she turned, but was faced with Wilma. Lynn had to lean down to hear the shorter girl.

"I'm leaving for a while with Sean. I'll be back."

"Okay." Lynn hadn't heard Sean's name before, and chances were that Wilma was hearing it for the first time that night, also. Just a week earlier she had been tossed out for a symbolic five minutes after the bouncer had busted her getting head from she didn't even know who in the back of the club..

Lynn turned back to the man at the bar, but he was gone. She thought it was probably for the best, as nothing could come of it save further aggravation for her. But she couldn't help feeling slightly disappointed. She continued dancing, but soon felt someone come up behind her, boldly securing an arm around her waist. She turned her head to find the man from the bar.

"I've been watching you dance." he said.

"Oh." was all she could think to say.

"I saw you looking at me"

"Oh, that, I was...I was just-"

He pulled her back against him. "Don't talk."

With his hands on her hips, he took control of her body's rhythm. The song changed, slowed, it's beats viscous. She found herself leaning back into him, his breath against her neck. His hand found it's way under her shirt, smoothing a trail across her stomach. She let her head fall back against his shoulder, felt his mouth so close to her neck. The music obscured the sound, but she felt the moan escape her. She broke his hold abruptly, turning to face him.

"We have to stop." she said. His body felt so good against hers, but she couldn't continue, not there.

"You don't want me to stop." he said, using her wrist to pull her forward, her hips against his.

"That's not what I said. My boyfriend is around her somewhere, and I-"

"I don't see him with you. You can keep dancing with me until he decides to come and get you."

"But-"

He grabbed the back of her neck and pulled her lips to his, quickly dipping his tongue into her mouth. "Stop talking."

Anyone could have seen. Jack could have seen. But she found that she didn't care, her desire for the stranger greater than anything else right then. She could feel his hard cock against her hip.

"I want you to fuck me." she panted. She didn't mean to say it out loud. She had lost herself for a second, and carelessly let the words form on her lips.

"I know you do." he said, and then pointed toward the bathrooms "Why don't you go cool off."

She looked at him, mouth open. "What?"

He said nothing, just turned her and swatted her ass to get her moving. And move she did, hesitantly, bumping from one body to the next on her way to the bathrooms. What had just happened? She thought, maybe, she had come on too strong. Something had come over her. She was too forward, desperate.

Through the ladies room door and across the small vestibule. Although ladies and mens were only suggestions, as two women were standing at the sinks showing off their below-the-neck piercings to a very accommodating man. She ignored them, moving to a sink in the back. She turned on the cold water and splashed it over her face, her body still responding to currents of desire. The derelict florescent lights flickered and cast a blue sheen over her skin. At the back wall were the paper towels, which she used to dry her face and blot sweat from her cleavage.

Before she could register what was happening, someone grabbed her from behind and shoved her into a stall. In a matter of seconds, her body was pressed between the plastic wall that partitioned off the stalls and a warm, firm body.

"Cool off yet?"

That was why he sent her to the bathrooms. His breath was skimming her shoulder, and very little was separating her from his hard cock, which was pressed firmly against her ass. Her hips and tits were crushed against the cold plastic, which had been marked with various words and sketches to suggest the very thing that was happening right then.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm giving you what you want. This is what you want, isn't it?" he asked, as he reached around and slid his hand between her legs.

"Oh...fuck." she moaned. "I can't."

"That's not what I asked you." He lifted her skirt and tore the black mesh panties from her. A second later she heard his zipper, and then felt the head of his cock sliding up and down her soaked pussy.

"Is this what you want?" he asked again.

"Yes." Everything was happening so fast. She should be thinking of...she couldn't remember.

"Say it."

"Fuck me, please, fuck me."

The man outside the stall whistled, and one of the girls yelled "Fuck her!". As they did, his cock pushed up and into her, her body driven hard into the wall.

"Oh, god." she shuddered

With one quick movement, he swung them both around, putting his hand on her back to bend her over. Her hands were braced against the tiled back wall as he kicked her legs apart, gripped her hips, and held her in place as he slammed into her. He was fucking her to the beat of the music, which invaded the restroom as a dulled echo. He ran his hand under her shirt, up her spine. It came to a rest on her shoulder, which he used to pull her back onto him.

Taking a handful of her hair, he pulled her upright, turning her and forcing her back against the partition. He kissed her roughly, his tongue sliding into her mouth, teasing her, slipping it out again before hers could return the dance. With one hand he held her jaw, bringing his mouth down and biting her lower lip. As he did, his other hand was bringing her leg around his waist. She put her arms up to get a hold on the top of the partition, supporting some of her weight herself as she hooked her other leg around him.

His cock slammed into her waiting pussy once again, drilling into her as he continued biting at her lips.

"That's the way you do it!" someone yelled.

"I need to get laid." someone else complained.

The back of her head knocked against the hard plastic to his rhythm, but she barely noticed. He yanked her top downward, releasing her tits. He watched them bounce sharply with his thrusting, then leaned in to take a hard nipple into his mouth. He bit down hard, causing her to cry out and, at the same time, grind against him.

"Harder!" she yelled. Whether she meant his biting or thrusting, she wasn't sure.

He turned her head to the side, running his tongue up her neck and stopping with his lips against her ear.

"Sweetheart, I could bruise this tight body of yours all night."

Without slipping out of her, he sat down on the toilet, bringing her down hard on his cock. He folded her arms behind her back, keeping them pinned there with one of his hands. She rode his cock like that, with only her legs as leverage. With his free hand he squeezed her tits, sucking and biting her nipples. He brought his hand to her mouth, sliding his thumb between her parted lips. Sucking it into her mouth without hesitating, she rolled her tongue over it with as much enthusiasm as she would have if it were his cock he'd put in her mouth. She moaned, sucking and riding him, her arms still trapped behind her back.

"That's it." he said. "Ride my cock."

He slid his thumb out of her mouth and used the hand to smack her ass. When she moaned louder, he smacked it again.

"Fuck, yes. Again!" she yelled.

He let her arms go. "Hands behind your head."

She complied, lacing her fingers together behind her head as if she were under arrest. Her tits were on display for him, shoved forward, within inches of his face, bouncing up and down to the rhythm she was working on his cock. He took advantage of the position, squeezing her tits so hard she knew there would be bruises, pushing them together and running his tongue up the cleavage.

"Ride my cock harder." he said.

She did, crying out as his cock reached as far as it could go. With both hands free, he alternated smacking her ass and thighs. The sound of her mistreated flesh flashed off the cold walls.

He stood, slamming her back against the wall again. She threw her arms around his neck and rode out the pain as her weight caused her to become impaled on his cock.

"Do you want me to stop?" he asked.

"No, don't Stop!"

"Beg me."

"Please, please don't stop! Oh, god, don't stop. I'm going to come!"

A small group of people began cheering them on as he fucked her soaked cunt harder. The partition shook violently.

"That man deserves a fucking medal." someone laughed.

Getting a good handful of hair, he yanked her head to the side and began biting her neck, the stubble on his face abrading her skin. He had her pinned between him and the partition so tightly there was no room for her to move. She was at his mercy, a complete stranger. He took her ass in his hands, squeezing it hard as his cock continued digging into her.

"Oh, fuck, oh, fuck!" she moaned.

He smothered her mouth with his, shoving his tongue into her and muffling her voice. She felt her orgasm winding up inside her, growing larger until it burst and spread in convulsing ripples throughout her body. She shook and cried out as he continued his assault on her pussy, driving the last of her orgasm through her.

She felt his body tense, and knew he was also on the edge of finishing.

"Come in my mouth." she pleaded.

"No," he smiled, "I want you to take this home to your boyfriend." And as he said that, he threw his head back, growling low in his throat as he released a torrent deep inside her.

She moaned as her cunt milked every drop from him, his come already spilling out of her, coating her swollen lips and bruised ass. His head fell to her shoulder as he rested against her for a moment. Finally, he let her down, zipping himself up as she tidied her skirt and top.

"Wait." she said "I can't let anyone see me come out of here with you."

"Stay here." he said, letting himself out.

She locked the stall door behind him as she heard back slapping and a flood of congratulations. His come was already leaving a sticky film on her inner thighs. As she stood there, her cunt throbbing and aching, legs shaking, she wondered how she would get out of there, what she would say to Jack. Only a minute passed before the shrill squeal of the fire alarm startled here.

A chorus of curses followed as the bathroom was emptied of everyone. Lynn smiled and stepped from the stall, peeking around the corner to make sure no one would see her. As she hurried back out onto the dancefloor, which was rapidly clearing, she caught a glimpse of the man heading to the back exit. He smiled at her before leaving.

"Lynn!"

She turned to see Jack.

"I was looking for you everywhere. Where were you?"

"I was in the bathroom."

"Come on." he said, putting his arm around her and leading her through the crowd of departing bodies. "Let's go home."

"Okay." she said, already excited again as she felt the other man's come making her pussy slick.