 We sat across from each other in the midday sun on the patio at the bistro. 

“Didn’t I tell you they had great chocolate covered strawberries here?” I asked as I watched his eyes moving from my ankle to my exposed thigh. I shifted my weight to change the cross of my legs, intentionally, to see if he noticed. A wicked smile crossed my lips. “Like what you see?”

He cocked his head. With his lips parted, he let out a sigh. “This reminds me of last nights fantasy.” His eyes moved from my stocking-clad thigh back up to meet my eyes. “Would you like to hear about it?” 

With a smile, I nodded my head and moaned my acceptance.

He lifted his elbows on the small iron table, with his chin coming to rest on his entwined fingers, his head now pointing towards the blue sky. He began, “I was sitting on the couch as we spoke on the phone last night, fidgeting some to find a comfortable position in efforts to relieve the pressure now confined behind the zipper of my khakis. I listened intently, which I now know was the cause of the discomfort, as your soft, deep voice spoke of the luxurious bubble bath you just stepped from. My mind pictured your beautiful body, supple from the soak, smelling of purple freesia and ripe peaches.” He placed his hands on the table while his eyes followed suit to peer directly into mine. “Would you like me to continue?”

I raised my eyebrows, “Please do.”

“As our conversation drew to a close, I was in agony to release my swollen member from the constriction of my pants. I had contemplated releasing it while still on the phone with you, but I knew there would be no way for me to stroke myself without moaning or whispering your name, cluing you into my personal endeavor. The minute I hung up the telephone, I unzipped my pants and pulled out the rock hard erection. I leaned back, resting my head on the soft pillow back of the couch. Thoughts of you swirled inside my mind. I closed my eyes, once again envisioning you, standing before me fresh from the bath. Your long dark hair fell down past your shoulders, resting on the rise of your breasts, framing your lovely face and neck. The shape of your breasts. The curve of your hips streaming down to meet your feminine legs. The trimmed shape of the small patch of hair resting just above your wonderland. I watch you, watching me, stroking myself at the sheer pleasure of seeing your naked body. I figured there would be no way I’d last more than five minutes, but as my fantasy continued, as I explored more of your body with only my eyes, I found myself growing harder yet not being able to fulfill the ultimate goal.”

I sat peering at him, knowing the color had drained from face and landed in the moistness resting between my thighs. I wasn’t sure what to say or do. My body ached to reach out to him, to beg him to take me right here, right now in the midday sun on this iron table. Instead, I spoke, “Please tell me that’s not the end?”

“Well, my love, the truth is, as much as the fantasy of you filled my body with sensualities I’ve never known, the fantasy, being just that, isn’t good enough. It won’t do.”

As I watched his lips move and release his final comment, I reminisced back to the chilly evening, two months back, when we strolled through the park, laughing and chatting as we got to know each other. We spoke of past love lost and the mistakes we made which brought us there. We had decided that evening that we would refrain from getting too physical until we reached the perfect moment; the moment we knew that making love would only strengthen our relationship. 

He reached across the table, stroking my hand with his fingers. “I want you to go home tonight and think of my fantasy. I want you to lay on your bad in your rose scented sheets and hear the words I just shared. Pay close attention to your body’s reaction; your breath, your lips, your hands. See where my words lead you. And when you rise tomorrow morning, call me, and in as much detail as possible, describe the events.” With that, he rose, kissed my hand then pulling his jacket off the back of his chair, walked away.