 *Note: This is my first submission - feedback is appreciated!

It's true, sometimes when I am having sex with my husband, I imagine myself back in college during the most sexually exciting time of my life. You would never know it to look at me now, but when I was in my early twenties I was wild. Today I am just another proper mother in our staid and quiet neighborhood, making dinner and picking up the kids from their various clubs and activities. My husband is a good man and tries to please me, but even he doesn't know the shameful and exciting secrets of my past.

It started the night of my twenty-first birthday. A few of my best friends had dragged me out to a popular bar on campus and had insisted upon dressing me up for the occasion. At the time I was still a fairly naive and shy girl and I didn't feel comfortable in the tiny black mini-skirt and flashy red halter top. I wore spike heels, borrowed from my friend Cassie, and was trying to look confident in the unfamiliar footwear. Cassie and Tanya insisted on telling everyone in the place that it was my birthday, ensuring that several good looking and flirtatious guys noticed me and offered to buy drinks for our table.

I was starting to loosen up with the alcohol and was becoming flirtatious myself, when I noticed a man in the corner looking intensely at me. I say man because even then I sensed that he was not just another college boy looking for fun, but an experienced man who knew what he wanted. He had dark wavy hair, almost black, and dark eyes. They fixed on me every time I glanced in his direction. I found myself feeling drawn to him, but also nervous and awkward. I wasn't sure if I should be flattered at his attention or wary. Eventually I had to get up and head to the ladies room, surprised at how buzzed I felt. I didn't normally drink at all and I was starting to get a little dizzy. I didn't realize how many drinks I'd had and gave brief thought to telling my friends I was ready to go back to our apartment for the night. As I stood there in the cramped hallway outside the restrooms I heard someone come up behind me. I turned to make room so he could get by and realized it was him, the mysterious man with the intense eyes. "Hi," I said nervously.

"Happy birthday," he replied in a deep smooth voice that sent shivers down my spine and, I must admit, blood rushing to my pussy.

"I saw you before, across the room, looking at me," I stammered out. "You must have heard my friends telling everyone about my birthday. Sorry – I'm Christine." I felt my face heat up. I desperately wanted to seem older and sophisticated, but everything was coming out wrong.

"Well, Christine. Would you like a special treat for your birthday?"

Oh God, just standing this close to him was making my nipples hard and my pussy moist. He was tall, several inches over me, even in my heels. He had wide shoulders and I could see dark hair peeking out of his buttoned-up navy shirt. The cologne he was wearing was intoxicating and I was ready to do whatever he wanted me to do as long as I could stand this close to him forever. He crooked an eyebrow at me and I realized that I hadn't answered his question.

"Oh, sure. What kind of treat?" He smiled and offered me his hand.

"Come with me and you'll soon see." I took his hand and felt myself leaning in closer to his body. 

"OK. Where are we going?" He didn't answer, instead pulled me behind him and opened an unlabeled door just past the restrooms. There was no light on and all I could see in the dim light from the hallway were a few boxes and shelves before he closed the door behind me, leaving us in total darkness.

"Wh... what are we doing in here?" The darkness was making me doubt my judgment. Had I really just followed a stranger into the pitch black storage room of a bar? I realized that he'd never even told me his name. I started to turn back to the door, when he grabbed my shoulders and turned me around.

"Are you ready for your treat?" His voice was lower now and insistent. I swallowed hard and replied.

" I guess so."

"Good. I saw you across that room and I knew what you wanted, what you needed. Those stupid frat boys don't know how to give a woman what she needs, but I do." As he spoke, his arms wrapped around my waist and pulled me close. His mouth came down on mine and I fell into his kiss. 

His mouth was warm and firm and his tongue aggressive on mine. I brought my arms up around his neck, feeling his body heat. The arousal that had started in the hallway came back with a vengeance. His teeth nipped at my bottom lip and I felt his hands moving up and down the sides of my body. I moved into him and rubbed my breasts against his chest, loving the way it made my nipples feel as they hardened with the friction of our clothing. His hands moved up to cup my breasts and he started rubbing my nipples with his thumbs. I couldn't believe how turned on I felt. I was hungrily kissing a total stranger and loving it. I wanted his hands on my bare skin. I wanted to feel him inside me.

I moaned and broke away from the kiss to lick and bite at his neck. His scent was making me breathless. I let my hands wander his delicious body. He was slender, but strong, and it was a joy to feel the muscles in his arms and shoulders move as he touched me. I felt his leg move between mine and I gripped it with my thighs, grinding myself against him. His mouth moved to my ear and as he nibbled and sucked at my earlobe I felt him untie the top to my halter and bring it down, giving him unfettered access to my breasts. He dropped his head and began to suck and gently twist my nipples with his fingers. I could feel his erection pressing against my body and I was eager for more. I quickly unbuttoned his shirt and ran my hands over his chest. It was so erotic to stand there in the dark, not being able to see, relying only on touch. 

I swept my hands up his back, stroking up his spine. His hands had moved to the the hem of my skirt and up underneath it to massage my ass through my silky panties. I grasped his head in my hands and kissed him passionately. I was so aroused now nothing else mattered. The darkness and his anonymity only increased my fever for more. His hand slid underneath my panties to be drenched by my juices as he caressed my pussy. His fingers nudged my pussy lips and moved inside to my clit. My breath hitched and my hips moved instinctively, craving more of his touch. 

I ran my hand over his erection, squeezing it through his trousers, testing his arousal. I could feel how hard he was and I was eager to feel the length of his dick inside me. I arched my back, loving the way his fingers were circling my clit. His groan encouraged me to carefully undo his belt and unzip his slacks. I slid them down his legs, along with his boxers. 

I trembled for a moment, my hands resting on his ass as he roughly inserted his fingers into my pussy, rhythmically thrusting them in and out, while kneading my breast with his other hand. I spread my legs to give him better access and felt him go deeper inside me. I shuddered with pleasure and moaned aloud. Remembering myself, I grasped his hard cock. He was so hot and smooth. I just loved the feeling of his penis as I pumped him slowly, running my thumb over the tip. I wondered how he would taste and if I'd get a chance to find out. As I stroked his rigid cock with my fist I cupped his balls with my other hand, exploring the feel of him and his tight sac. 

Abruptly he moved away from my hands and thrust down my panties. He went to his knees and moved his face in close. I felt his breath on my belly as his fingers stroked my pussy lips and then held them apart. He gave my slit a long slow lick and I felt my knees go weak in anticipation. His tongue curled around my clit and as he gently sucked it I moaned and drove my fingers into his hair. Like a cat he lapped at the folds of my pussy. His finger nudged inside me and began moving in and out as his tongue danced back and forth over my sensitive nub. 

He inserted another finger and the increased stimulation had my pussy walls contracting around his fingers as his tongue swirled around my clit. The trembling in my legs increased and my pelvis rocked against his fingers, slowly moving in and out of me. Without my sense of sight, the sensations seemed heightened. I could smell my own arousal in the air and the wet sound of his fingers pushing into my sopping cunt. I whimpered as the pleasure spread like tingles through my body. My breasts felt heavy and my nipples extra sensitive to the cool air. The muscles in my legs felt like water and I knew if this continued much longer I would no longer be able to stand upright. 

"Please," I begged. "Please make me cum. I need to cum!" And then, I did. His fingers thrust inside me as he sucked my clit and I felt an explosion overtake my senses. I cried out, uncaring who might hear and rocked my body against his face, holding absolutely still until the sensation had rushed though my body and then calmed, leaving me gasping for breath. My mystery lover pulled away and stood. He leaned forward to hungrily kiss me, pressing his tongue against mine and leaving the the taste of my own juices in my mouth. His fingers roughly grabbed my breasts and squeezed while he ravaged my mouth. He broke away from the kiss, taking me by the shoulders and turning me away from him. 

Confused, I started to ask why, but he simply pulled my legs further apart before suddenly driving his unyielding cock into me. The incredible momentum of his dick ramming into my pussy, still sensitive from my climax, was almost unbearable. I screamed from the intensity of the pleasure and grabbed for his body behind me. He took my hands and moved them to my own breasts before taking hold of my hips to push even more powerfully into me. His erection felt huge and incredibly hot sliding in and out of my dripping cunt and I mindlessly pinched and rubbed my own nipples. He pushed me down a bit to get a better position for penetration and I found myself bent over at the waist, being fucked by a complete stranger in a dark room, with muffled music coming from the bar outside. Anyone could walk in at any minute and as that thought went through my head my pussy walls tightened deliciously around him. 

I felt pressure build inside me as he thrust in and out. His hands slid back and forth from grasping my hips to rubbing my ass. I wanted his fingers back on my clit, but bent over as I was, he couldn't reach. Normally I would never have dreamed of rubbing my own clitoris during sex, but there was nothing normal about this situation. I kept one hand on my breast, pinching my nipples, while the other moved down to my clit, circling and rubbing. A surge of ecstasy moved through my body and the lust just took over. Animal sounds were coming out of my throat as I slammed backwards into his cock. I felt his balls bounce against my pussy lips, only increasing my pleasure. 

"Oh yes, oh baby. Take that cock. You want it, don't you? You're dying for it."

"God, yes! Oh, fuck me, fuck me!" I was mindless with the pleasure now and gasping as the orgasm crashed through me. I felt my pussy pulsing around his penis and I squeezed my nipples hard. As I came, he sped up his strokes and gripped my hips painfully. He was slamming against me now and I thrilled at the power of his onslaught. I heard his breath gasping in and out and he abruptly stopped, pulling me back against him, thrusting as far as he could into me, moaning as he came. The moment seemed to last forever, until he finally pulled away. The absence of his cock inside me felt strange and I could feel the cum running out and down the inside of my thighs. 

Exhausted, I sat down hard on the floor, amazed at myself and the whole situation. I felt him sit down next to me. His hand brushed my hair and he sighed.

"Happy Birthday, Christine. Did you like you present?" 

I laughed and laid down completely on the floor. "Definitely. So tell me, does every birthday girl in this bar get that kind of present?"

He leaned over, skimming his hand over my body, coming to rest on my cheek. "No, there was something about you. Somehow I knew you were a birthday girl in need of a special surprise." 

He kissed me once more and got up to turn on the light switch. I blinked when it came on and kept my eyes shut while he searched for his clothes. He dressed quietly and left, with no more words spoken, turning the light off again before opening the door. As I laid there in the dark, naked on the bare floor, I realized that I had needed this. I felt incredible – sexy and confident and ready for more. I had just had the best sex of my life with a complete stranger in a storage room and nothing had ever turned me on more. 

After that night I was fearless, going after any man that turned me on and trying anything that felt good. I had one night stands, threesomes and even experimented with bondage. I calmed down my lifestyle by the time I met my husband and he had no clue about my reckless past. I settled into married life and we have two kids now. Married sex is good, sweet and reassuring, but I will never forget my twenty-first birthday and my special birthday surprise.