 I was sitting at my desk, working on my latest project when my phone buzzed. Picking it up, a picture was on the screen. Simply, it was a single, strappy, black stiletto with a pair of lace panties draped over. I could see the message was from my wife, but there was no text with the pic. I immediately replied with "?!?!?" A few moments later another pic appeared - it was her freshly waxed sex on display. Fighting to get through the rest of my day was a bit tough. There was no way I was going to get anything else done, so I got up from my desk, closed the computers and locked up. I texted my wife and said, "on my way."

When I got home, I opened the door and could smell her perfume. It was THAT perfume - you know the one - the one that screams passion without ever making a noise. I tossed my briefcase to the couch and set my keys on the counter. Opening the bedroom door I found her. She was standing there, wearing only the stilettos and stockings, facing the mirror, leaning against the dresser. I walked to her, put my arms around her and began to kiss and bite her neck. She turned around and gave me the kiss that meant she was hot and ready. I worked my way to her breasts and started my assault on her nipples. Sometimes she can cum with just nipple play, but today was not going to be that day. I worked my way down to her navel and she pushed my head farther down. I wasted no more time. I pushed her legs open and began to lick and nibble for all I was worth. It didn't take too long and I could feel her legs begin to shake. She pushed me back on the bed and began to open my slacks.

Once she had my slacks off, she pulled my member to her mouth. To say I was hard is a big understatement. She began working on me as if she needed it to survive. I asked her to slow down - I didn't want to cum too soon. The look in her eyes communicated that I was not in charge. With her right hand she reached down and began to squeeze my ballsack, not too tightly, but with enough force that I couldn't hold back anymore. I felt it boil at the base and work its way up. Finally, I felt it release and she stared me in the eyes as if to command the rest of it from me.

As she released her oral hold on me, she slowly worked her way up my body and held my face with both hands. She kissed me again with THAT kiss. As our mouths opened, she pushed a bit of my seed into my mouth. This wasn't the first time she has done this, but it has been years since she has. Of course, I accepted it with enthusiasm. We remained in our embrace for several minutes. 

I pushed her back and resumed my assault on her sex. Her legs went over my shoulders and I did everything I could to return the favor. It wasn't too long until I could feel her legs begin to tremble. Finally, one, two, three, four orgasms later and my face was thoroughly soaked. Following her example, I worked my way up and began to kiss her, sharing the nectar with her.

We laid and cuddled for about thirty minutes or so and she began fondling my member back to life. She gave it a few strong kisses and light bites until it was hard and ready. This time she straddled me - facing my feet. There was little romance in this effort - this was the race to the finish. She looked over her shoulder at me and told me to push a finger in her ass. She knows this is my weakness as I love playing there. I pushed in and could feel myself through the thin membrane of skin. She began bucking and moaning. She was close and I was right behind her. With a loud, low throat groan she came and I did as well. She kept rocking on me until she was convinced I had nothing left to deposit.

She fell forward, laying over my legs and allowed my member to work its way out. Once her pussy had released the hold on me, she began to inch her sex towards my face. She kept working her way back waiting for confirmation or resistance. I offered neither. She was in charge and I wanted to know what she had in mind. Once her face was on my sex, she began to lick and suck, gently cleaning the remnants of our coupling. With her glistening pussy just millimeters from my face, I began to do the same. I couldn't spend too much time on her clit as she said it was still a bit too sensitive, but I licked as much as I could. The sound of her heels tapping on the headboard alerted me to the fact that she was getting close again. I delicately licked side to side on her clit as this doesn't usually seem as sensitive during her multiple orgasms. She stopped what she was doing to me and rested her head on me. Her heavy, labored breathing let me know she was building up to something big. Not too many seconds later she hugged my legs and tensed up. I continued licking and tonguing her until she crested. She's not really a squirter, but she did this time. It was a sweet flavor that came from her down my face and chest. She pulled herself away from my face and rolled off me. Not a word was said until we both woke up an hour or so later.

"So, darling, what would you like for dinner?"