 The Black stone. A new start. 

Chapter 1

This story is loosely based on the other black stone stories I have written. It may be helpful if you read earlier stories but not essential. Hopefully this is a standalone story. The Black Stone is a small stone that gives the holder the ability to jump from body to body. Mark found Sue during a fight with some drug dealers that had abused one of his girls. (Mark ran a high-class escort agency)

*****

On his way to the hotel Mark noticed a large car dealership and pulled in to have a look as he was growing bored with the Jaguar. The site contained several dealerships and included Jaguar and Range Rover.

As Mark parked he spotted a pale blue Jaguar F Pace. Thinking that 4 doors and a high driving position would be ideal he waited for the salesmen to get the keys. After a short drive and a lot of haggling Mark bought an ex demonstrator 3.0 litre supercharged model. Handing over his debit card for the £20,000 deposit he arranged to pay the balance, in cash, in the morning.

Arriving at the hotel he saw Sue walking into the restaurant, still unsure of her, he decided to watch for a while. 

As Mark watched from the bar area Sue ordered grilled fish with a salad side order. Sipping a cold beer, he watched as she picked at the food, noticing she hardly ate anything he Followed her out of the restaurant and downstairs to the pool and gym area.  

Undoing the sash around her waist she shrugged the dress off her shoulders revealing her swimsuit clad body. As Mark drank in her slender form she dove into the pool and proceeded to swim lengths of the pool.

Sue obviously enjoyed swimming, Mark lost count of how many lengths she had swum before 3 young men entered the pool room. 

Jumping into the pool the 3 men were laughing and joking as they swam. Noticing Sue, 2 of them started to swim by the side of her, while the third sat on the edge of the pool and watched.

Switching to a crawl stroke Sue turned at the end and easily out- stroked the young men. Bored with trying to swim with her they trod water and waited for her to come back down the pool. As she approached the 2 men blocked her path, forcing Sue to stop. 

Mark smiled at the 2 men's feeble attempts to chat Sue up. 

Deciding that the men were not going to let her swim in peace Sue swam to the edge and started to walk towards the showers and female changing rooms. The third man quickly ran around and stopped her.

Mark felt his anger start to rise as the 3 men surrounded Sue, as he watched the men grabbed her and started to drag her towards a door at the end of the pool room. Seeing the camera's Mark acted cautiously and approached the group, asking them to leave her alone.

The biggest of the 3 snarled "If I was you, I would fuck off before I got hurt."

"Have you seen the camera's?" Mark asked, trying hard to control himself.

"They don't work, now fuck off" Sneeringly he added "You can watch us fuck this bitch if you want"

He had barely finished his sentence as Mark's fists smashed into his face and body. In absolute agony, the man slumped to the floor, his nose and jaw broken. Mark Stamped on his chest and he was quiet.

Turning to face the others he saw doubt in their faces. Taking the opportunity, he savagely kicked one in the bollocks. Steadying himself he grabbed the 3rd man and headbutted him, feeling the man's nose spread across his forehead he landed a heavy blow to his rib cage. The man fell heavily onto the tiled surface, unconscious before he hit the ground.

Seeing one of the guys writhing around on the floor clutching his bollocks Mark kicked him in the face, the man went limp and was quiet.

Sue looked at Mark, eyes like saucers. In her life, she had seen a lot of violent men but had never seen 3 men dealt with so quickly and savagely.

Mark felt strange as he struggled to regain control of himself. It seemed to him that the black stone had affected more than just the size of his cock and sex drive. As Mark replayed the last few minutes in his head he knew that although he had always been up for a fight, he was a lot quicker and hit a lot harder than before he had the stone.

Gathering Sue in his arm's they quickly left the pool area. As Mark ran up the stairs Sue felt secure in his vice like grip. Although Sue only weighed around 105 pounds she was amazed at the ease he carried her, running up seven flights of stairs to her room on the 6th floor.

Going into the room Mark gently laid her on the bed and asked" if she was injured."

"My god you have just beaten 3 men, probably to death, run up 7 flights of stairs, carrying me like a doll and your barely out of breath," she thought. I am fine, thanks to you" she said.

Going to the mini bar Mark glugged down a mini bottle of Scotch, as the liquid spread its warmth within him he started to feel in control again.

Turning to Sue he watched as she undid her dress and peeled her damp swimming costume off. Looking at her nakedness Mark became aware of her beauty. 

The young women faced Mark and said, "I hope you like as I am yours, I owe you much and have nothing to give, except myself." 

Mark was stunned "You owe me nothing and yes I like a lot!"

Smiling Sue went for a shower, leaving Mark to his thoughts. Looking around the room Mark found the safe, after a few moments Mark had cracked the combination and opened the door. 

Stacked neatly inside were 28 stacks of £20 notes, Mark guessed they were £1000 stacks. Putting the money on the table he returned to the safe, as he closed the door he noticed a box on a shelf, emptying its contents he discovered 12 stacks of $100 notes. When he had seen the dollars at the house he had thought they were $10-dollar notes, guessing he thought there was $120,000.

Coming out of the shower "I changed the Vietnam dong into pounds and bought myself some clothes. I hope you don't mind but I only had the clothes I was wearing"

Smiling he placed his hand on her cheek "Of course not, how you spend your money is up-to you."

"Oh no Sue doesn't need money, just need Mark!"

Grinning he thought "he would have to explain to her that she was not his servant, but his equal"

Pulling her towards him, they kissed. Sue pressed her body into Marks and felt safe.

Chapter 2

Mark took his time as he worked his way down Sue's body, kissing and nibbling her neck as he worked down to her small tits. Her nipples turned rock hard as he licked and sucked her puffy tits. Sue sighed with pleasure as his tongue glided down her flat stomach, as he reached the mound of her Mons she spread her legs wide for him.

Looking between her legs he could see her pussy was swollen and her juice was seeping from between her full pussy lips. As Mark ran his tongue down her slot he was amazed as his tongue found her clit, pulling back a little he saw her nub completely de hooded. 

Playfully flicking it with his tongue made Sue spasm, gently taking it between his lips he gently lapped with his tongue. Sue's legs began to shake and her arse lifted of the bed, quickly Mark pulled back and watched her pussy cum.

Watching her cunt squirt juice until it soaked the bed made marks cock rock hard. Recovering she pushed him back onto the bed and straddled his hips, gasping as she saw his fully erect cock she slowly eased herself onto the fattest, longest cock she had ever seen.

Knowing that she was struggling with his size, Mark held still and let her set the pace. Sue slowly raised up and then plunged down, taking around 5" of his cock into her sopping cunt. Sue felt so full of cock as she started to rock up and down.

Mark laid still luxuriating in the silky-smooth wetness the enveloped his cock. Although Mark liked deep penetration her cunt was doing wonderful things to his sensitive bell end. As her orgasm approached sue felt Marks cock swell inside her, quickly lifting off him she spun round and took his heavy load down her throat.

Disappointed that she had pulled him out of her, but amazed as her skilled mouth coaxed every drop of spunk out of his balls. 

After Sue had licked his cock clean and affectionately kissed his bell end, she snuggled into his iron hard chest. Explaining "she was not on the pill, she apologised for pulling off him but didn't think he wanted her pregnant."

Mark fell into a deep contented sleep, waking several hours later he could hear the shower running. Laying back on the bed Mark considered what he should do next. 

His thoughts were interrupted by a knock on the door, pulling a robe on he opened the door. A policeman, "Oh fuck I knew things were going too well" Mark thought. 

"Good morning Sir, just need to ask a few questions, wondering if you saw or heard anything unusual yesterday evening? There was a serious fight in the pool and 3 men are in a coma."

As disinterested as he could manage, "Unusual? Don't think so, I didn't arrive till 8pm. My girlfriend is in the shower, I will ask her for you."

"Thank-you sir, this is the station number if either of you remember anything."

At that moment Sue appeared at the door, with just a small towel wrapped around her. "Did you say in the pool? I swam there early evening, there was certainly nobody else there then. I have seen the camera's surely they will tell you what happened."

"Well it seems that they don't work, haven't for some time."

Taking a last look at Sue's body, barely covered by the small towel, the copper turned away to knock on the next door.

Going back into the room he asked Sue "to get dressed and come with him to the car dealership."

After a quick shower Mark ran down to the car to get his small overnight bag that contained a change of clothes and his shaving gear.

As he came back to the room Sue came out of the bathroom, dressed in a short, form fitting, summer dress she looked stunning.

Mark shaved and changed quickly. Driving back to the dealership he glanced at Sue, it made him feel good to see her happy and relaxed. Stopping short of the dealership he took his roll of cash from its hiding place underneath the seat and counted £25,000 off. 

It had been a while since he had used the cash that Rachel had given him, he was surprised to note that he still had a fat roll left. Parking, he passed an admiring glance at his new car as its blue paintwork gleamed in the sunshine.

When all the paperwork was done he transferred all his stuff into the new car before handing the keys over to the dealership. Part of the deal Mark had struck was that the F type was to be cleaned and serviced, then delivered to Fiona. Ensuring the salesman had the letter that Mark had written for delivery with the car, Mark and Sue drove back to the hotel.

Checking out of the hotel, Mark was still unsure of what to do or where to go next. It seemed that Sue didn't have anyone in this country and "was happy to go where ever Mark wanted."

As he drove aimlessly Mark suggested that they could go Stateside and enjoy spending some of the dollars. Shaking her head Sue explained "I was brought here illegally and don't have a passport or any documents."

Inspired of where to go Mark headed south for London and his old neighbourhood to see his buddy Fat Freddy. 

Arriving in London Mark parked the car and caught the tube to Freddy's, explaining to Sue that "the car would cause too many question's and push the price up."

Getting some passport pictures of Sue Mark walked into Freddy's local, "The Eagle." It was almost 3 years since Mark had left, nothing had changed, Freddy was at his normal table with a pie and a pint, Mark saw lots of familiar faces nursing their glasses. 

Seeing Mark walk towards him, Freddy couldn't believe it and shook Marks hand vigorously. Getting straight down to business Mark explained "I need a complete set of documents for a Korean female."

"Ok, you have the necessary?" 

"How much and how long"

"5 grand, 10 days"

"1/2 now rest up front, OK?"

Passing Freddy an envelope stuffed with 3 grand, Mark said £500 for your trouble, another £500 if documents are all good and ready by Friday."

Shrugging, Freddy took the photographs and Sue's details." I can do genuine papers, 19-year-old Korean women with full residency rights on Saturday." Smiling, Mark shook hands and agreed to meet on Saturday at a Restaurant in West London.

Arriving at the Restaurant Mark was not surprised to see Freddy already seated with a large plate of Oysters. Cheerily greeting them he passed an envelope with all the documents Sue needed.

Finishing his oysters Freddy said he needed to" talk to them, as there was a problem."

Curious but wary of his old friend, "Ok, so how much is this going to cost me"

"Oh nothing, well not in cash anyway"

"Really?"

"Well it seems the people you took out to get her, were part of a Cartel, they want her back and you dead"

"Ok Freddy, if you're playing games with me"

Recognising the tone of Marks voice sent a shiver of fear through Freddy. "No no he stammered, I swear it's the truth"

"What's the solution and cost" Mark growled. 

Knowing that he was on the edge of a beating, Freddy explained. "Well I have changed her name on the document's, if we change her appearance you should be safe."

"And the cost."

"A weekend in a top- class hotel" 

"That's it?"

"With Sue"

Freddy looked at Mark and knew he had gone too far. 

Mark, calmly asked for the bill, and put £50 onto the table. Subtly but forcefully he walked Freddy out of the restaurant to the parking lot behind the restaurant. 

"Aaaahhh C'mon Mark it's just business, I didn't mean to insult you. I have a weakness for young girls, especially oriental."

A powerful backhand caught Freddy under the chin, on the edge of consciousness he begged "Please Mark, don't hurt me no more."

His begging just enraged Mark even more, pulling him up by his hair Sue grabbed his arm "Please don't Mark"

Sue's gentle touch and soothing voice calmed Mark and he felt the rage leaving him. Letting go of his hair Freddy collapsed in a heap on the floor, resisting the temptation to kick him Mark looked in Sue's Almond shaped eyes and felt calm.

"He can help us out of a jam with the drug cartel, the payment is a weekend with you" he snarled."

"And you were going to beat him up for that?"

"Yeah, he got no right..."

"How much of a jam are we in, can he really help?"

"Yeah, he can, I don't know how bad it is."

"Well put him in the car, let's talk to him.

Cont...

Chapter 3

Driving out of London, Mark parked in an old concrete factory and dragged Fat Freddy out of the car. Sue asked, "What is the problem Freddy, and what can you do for us"

Freddy looked at Mark as he paced up and down beside Sue, seeing his fear "don't worry Mark isn't going to hurt you anymore.

Looking at his surrounding's Freddy doubted that he would see tomorrow so remained silent. Seeing how frightened he was Sue leaned in and delicately kissed him on his swollen lip's and whispered "how can I agree to your term's if I don't know what the problem is?"

Knowing that Mark's presence was terrifying him she turned to Mark "Go for a walk for 15 minutes, Freddy and I need to talk"

Agreeing, Mark growled "Freddy better behave himself" and walked towards the old workings.

"So, Freddy, tell me what this is all about and why you would risk so much for a weekend with me?"

Relaxing as he watched Mark walk into the distance "You 2 have a big problem. The drug's stash and the men that Mark beat to a pulp were members of a London based drug Cartel. It seems that you were to be given to the Baron. They aren't happy at loosing 200 grand of drug's, having 2 of the Barons best men in wheelchairs and one dead, loosing you, is a personal insult."

"So, what is your solution?"

"It seems that the man who died was the only one that knew Mark and they have no idea who he is. They have pictures of you and recognising Marks accent they know he must be from South London. It can't be very long before someone puts his name in the frame for the 5k reward."

"So why haven't you done it?"

"Mark is a mate, been very good to me in the past, figure I owe him." Gingerly touching his chin and mouth he chuckled "Guess I pushed a bit too hard"

"OK, so how can you help?"

"A weekend with you, guarantee's my silence and I will tell Mark how to disappear"

"Not sure Mark will go for that, how about $20,000 dollars?"

Laughing the fat man said, "how would I explain my sudden wealth"

"Ok, one night is my offer, it will be a night to remember!"

Nodding in agreement they shook hands. 

Persuading Mark that it was no big deal for her to spend a night with Freddy, he dropped them off at a large hotel where he had reserved a suite for them. The thought of Freddy with Sue drove him mad and insisted they use a condom. Arranging to pick her up at 10.30 in the morning, he headed for another hotel.

Entering the luxurious suite Freddy whistled, "wow Mark really has hit the big time" 

Running a bath, Sue poured in a generous dose of luxurious oils. Satisfied that the temperature was just right, she helped Freddy get undressed and into the bath. Dancing away from his grasp she slowly stripped, gyrating her lean body she made sure that he saw all of her.

Nude, she walked to the side of the large bath. Freddy's cock was about average, 6" long it just poked out of the scented water. Allowing him to suckle on her left breast she was surprised as he expertly sucked and licked her nipple. Soon she was feeling the effect as her nipples hardened her pussy started to dampen, reaching for his cock she slowly stroked him.

Freddy slid his hand between her legs and groaned as he found her shaven pussy. Turning towards him she put her foot on the edge of the bath, to Freddy's delight this caused her lips to part exposing her wet hole to his greedy eyes. His fingers ran along her full lips and dipped into her hole, feeling her wetness, he traced his fingers up-to her exposed clitty.

Gasping as his fingers danced on the delicate flesh she doubled her efforts on his cock. Feeling it swell she watched as he shot his load, several ropes of thick white spunk erupted from his cock. Keeping up his efforts on her clitty she orgasmed for him, feeling pleased with himself he reclined into the water, pulling her into the bath with him. Unable to get it up for a while Freddy suggested they go eat.

Mark checked into his hotel, deciding he was hungry he went to the restaurant. As he waited his attention was drawn to a woman on the next table, seeing she was alone he smiled at her and struck up a conversation. When their food arrived, he invited her to his table, hesitantly she sat opposite him.

As they ate and chatted she relaxed and seemed to warm towards Mark. Her name was Eve and was a Rep for a furniture company. Mark said he was a "business man that was looking at an investment opportunity in a nearby town."

Mark invited Eve for drinks in the comfortable hotel lounge, after an hour or so of drinks and laughter Eve went off to the toilet. She returned saying "she had to go phone her husband", picking her bag up she dropped a piece of paper on the table and walked towards her room.

Picking the piece of paper up Mark read, "Room 207, 30 mins, Bring wine Eve"

Mark knocked on the door marked 207, clutching a bottle, wondering if he was being wound up. Eve answered the door still on her phone. "That's fine, sorry but I must go, room service arrived with my meal." Saying she loved him too, making a kissing sound she hung up.

"I feel like such a slut, have never lied to my husband"

Putting the wine down he kissed her on the lips, caressing her full breast through her blouse, "Exciting, though isn't it?"

Falling back onto her bed she undressed Mark, gasping as she saw his shaft and heavy bollocks. Standing, she slowly peeled her clothes off. Taking her bra off, revealed her heavy tits that bounced and swayed as she slid her skirt over her hips. 
