 Angela sat at the table, alone and miserable. It had been a miserable evening so far and the likelihood remained that it would stay like this for the rest of the night. She felt so alone and out of it, sitting alone at a table on a hot night in France. She knew that she should have been sitting at this table with Jamie, closing her eyes as he kissed her and then dancing with him close, letting his hands explore her body in public and then, later on, letting him undress her slowly in private. But that would never happen again. Not since she had walked in on Jamie and another woman fucking like animals. Angela had stared into Jamie's eyes for what seemed like an eternity. Then she had turned and run, only returning later that night to collect her things.

Now she was living alone in a world that seemed to be populated only by couples. It had been ages since she had enjoyed an evening out and being on her own, she liked this one even less.

Angela drained her glass and let it fall to the top of the table. In the background, she noticed the cabaret of the hotel had changed its tune and now it was playing a low drum beat. 

Two dancers, one male, the other female came onto the stage. The man was dressed in white trousers, the woman in a see-thru leotard. They gyrated round the tables until the man caught her and lifted his partner onto a raised platform. The pair writhed, the man thrusting his pelvis, almost as if he was making love to the woman in public, the woman, her legs wrapped round his middle. Every time he thrust, her body arched in simulated erotic pleasure. The drumming increased in tempo until it was constant beat as the man pushed in and out until the beat stopped. The dance had ended. The performers took their bows and left the stage. As he walked off, the man looked Angela in the eye and blew a kiss at her. She smiled back. He was certainly handsome, dressed only in white trousers while his tanned, lean body was drenched in sweat. 

Angela stood, letting her long red hair tumble down over her shoulders as she bent down and picked up her bag inside of which was a better dress than the one she was wearing. Angela disliked the black dress she had on. Jamie had given it to her the year before she had left him. It was made of black cotton with spaghetti straps, the front was slit to reveal most of her cleavage and breasts while another slit revealed most of her long, slender leg. Angela wanted something a little more demure. She wasn't sure why she had chosen to wear this particular dress. Maybe she wanted to show off as much of her body as possible. As she stood up, Angela realised that the man had been looking straight down her cleavage at her exposed breasts. Angela smiled, enjoying the man's gaze on her body.

She had enjoyed the dance and wished she could have been the female partner. When she had been alone at night and unable to sleep, she had allowed her hand to slide between her legs to her neatly trimmed mound and pleasure herself.

The man came over, a white jacket hung on his shoulders. Angela allowed herself the guilty pleasure of examining his body in detail now that he was up close. Angela decided that above all the things she wanted tonight, she wanted a guilty, sweaty one night stand with a man she knew nothing about. She wanted someone to tear off this dress and be naked with this man and to perform a dance with him alone. She wanted his thick rod to invade her body like a jack hammer.

"Can I buy you a drink?" he asked.

"No." said Angela "But I want you to do something for me."

"What?"

"I want you to follow me." said Angela, with a dangerous look in her eye.

They walked out together past the beach and into one of the half built cabins. Angela walked to the far wall and leaned against it.

"I liked your dance tonight.” Angela whispered to the man.

“It is meant to be erotic.” said the man.

“It is,” said Angela,” very erotic.” She paused, uncertain how to proceed, and then she plucked up enough courage to ask him.

"Tell me, do you get a hard on as you dance with the woman."

"It's hard not to," smiled the man. He drew close and reached out a hand, caressing Angela's bare arm. She shivered with excitement at his soft touch.

"You're so beautiful." he whispered "I loved it when you bent down to collect your bag. What is in there? Condoms? I know what you came here for."

Angela dropped the bag on the floor. The man knelt down and opened it, taking out the other dress. He held it up next to Angela.

"So why did you bring another dress?" he asked.

"I don't know. Maybe I just wanted to get rid of this one. I hate it."

"Then why did you wear it?"

Angela could not find an answer.

"My ex-boyfriend gave it to me. He used to like sliding the straps off my shoulders and then making love to me."

"Let me guess, he left you for another woman."

"How could you tell?" she asked.

"Just the look of sadness in your eyes. If it's any comfort, he is a fool to leave such a beautiful woman like you."

"He was unfaithful to me. I would give anything just to post the remains of this dress back to him with the straps destroyed."

The man forcibly kissed her and pushed her against the bare concrete wall of the unfinished house. Angela tried to resist him at first but as his tongue began to explore her mouth; she relaxed and let him probe even further, his hands holding her body tight next to his bare chest. It was the first time in months that she had kissed anyone. With one hand, she started to push the man's jacket off his shoulders. While he was still kissing her, the man shrugged and the jacket fell to the floor.

Angela leaned back, enjoying the sensation of the kiss and gently pushed the man away.

"Do you want this dress destroyed?" asked the man.

"Yes." gasped Angela.

The man stepped up and pushed her roughly against the wall again. Before Angela could protest, his hand was at the hem of her dress and tore it away. The dress ripped off her body in one smooth movement, leaving Angela naked before this man that she had never met before. Her tits stood out from her body, erect and proud, hard as diamonds.

The man unbuttoned his trousers and stepped out of them, as naked as Angela was, his thick cock standing out at an angle in front of him. Forcibly, he pushed Angela against the wall and let his rough hands grab and paw her breasts. The man got down on his knees and pushed his face fully into her bush of dark orange curls and began to graze her clitoris with his teeth. She lifted a leg and let the man have free entry into her cunt as Angela leaned against the wall, thrusting her pelvis towards him. She began to feel her juices flow as his tongue slid easily in and out of her body. Suddenly she experienced the first orgasm, cumming hard in the man’s face.

“Oh shit, that feels so good.” she gasped as the man continued to lap up her juices and eat her pussy out further. "I want you inside me so much." she said.

The man stood up and pulled her close, his cock finding its way smoothly into her body, and then withdrawing. Angela gasped in pleasure as the man slammed his cock into her pussy again, just a little way but enough to make her climax again. As he pressed it further against her body, she spread her legs wider until he was moving in and out of her with ease. She climaxed again and again as the man slammed his rod into her cunt. Angela presented her breasts up to the man so that he could suck on her tits. He licked around the red area surrounding her nipple before sucking on one of them, his tongue flicking the teat, exciting Angela even more.

"You really know how to make a woman cum, don't you baby." gasped Angela as she felt the muscles of her pussy clamp tight around his cock, driving him on.

Suddenly, the man stopped. Angela leaned against the wall, her knees wobbling and unable to support her weight.

"I'm almost ready to cum inside of you." said the man, "do you want me to?"

"Yes. And don't be gentle. I want your cock all the way inside me before you cum." said Angela.

The man slammed her against the wall, his erect cock slamming all the way into her. Angela felt as if she was going to explode as his jism burst deep inside her and she climaxed once and for all, gasping and yelping and screaming in pleasure. When the man had shot his load, he pulled his thick manhood out of her, pulled on his jacket and left.

Angela slumped against the wall, gasping in ecstasy. Her body coming down from the erotic high she had just been on. In her mind she could hear a buzzing which was growing more and more intense.

And then she woke up, alone. There was nobody there for Angela. The sun was up and shining through the windows. She got out of bed and smiled at the day. She had enjoyed the dream and she realized that she had peaked in her sleep. Angela knew that she would have another man to make love to soon and in the meantime, she would dream about him at night. She reached down and picked up the remains of the black cocktail dress, then went downstairs and put it in the dustbin.