 It started with tapas, samplers of Spanish dishes. We were nibbling our way through a small plate of banderillas. Jillian looked me straight in the eye and said, "I'm not wearing panties tonight, by the way."

I almost choked on a pepper!

I coughed and said "You can't be serious. You're wearing a short skirt!"

This was so unlike her.

Giving me a sly smile, she said "Give me your hand under the table."

Taking my hand, she guided it under her skirt and between her thighs. There, I encountered her bald pussy. Damn! She was serious! I gulped, feeling hot under the collar. And not from the spicy food. I felt my cock stir in its denim confines.

Not wanting to draw attention in this place with tall tables and exposed chairs, I took my hand back quickly.

"We need to hurry up and eat," I told her.

"What's the rush? This place doesn't close until one a.m."

"Yeah, but..." I began in protest.

I got distracted by the way she put a pickle in her mouth. It was seductive, like the way she took my cock in her mouth. For the rest of our meal, whenever she didn't think anyone was looking, she played with my mind like that. It was a total mind-fuck. At one point she took a little lick at a shrimp before biting off its head part. I almost had to excuse myself to go to the bathroom after that.

We decided to forgo dessert (I insisted). After we'd finished our meal, I escorted her out into an alley behind the restaurant. I told her in no uncertain terms that I was going to fuck her right there in the alley. She told me I could only if I went down on her first.

I thought she was teasing, and almost protested. I'd been in a state of semi-hardness all through dinner. The front of my boxers was wet with pre-cum. Then I thought about it. If she needed relief too, I'd rather lick her without having to suck my cum out of her first. So I agreed.

Pulling her behind me into the dimly lit alley, I looked around to make sure no one would be watching us. Then I shoved her against the wall, her back to it. I squatted, and lifted up her skirt. A trickle of juice glistened in the faint light as it trailed down her thigh. Fuck! Her need was as great as mine was.

Wasting no time, I leaned in and lapped up the stream to its source. Jillian's pussy was sopping wet. I loved the feeling of her wet lips as my tongue slid around them.

It didn't take her long to cum. She grabbed my head and mashed it against her messy folds, moaning. I lapped at her fountain, sending more juice from her core.

I could tell she was close by her sighs, so I paid good attention to her clit. I circled around the nub, then flicked back and forth at it. When I switched to an up and down flicking action, she grabbed my head and pulled it into her even harder. The juices bubbled up from her sheath like a cascade, and I lapped it up happily.

I started to lick her inner lips gently to bring her down from her high, not ready to abandon her. I looked up at her lust-sated face. She opened her eyes, looked down me, and smiled. Her eyes noticed something in the distance.

Not bothering to turn and see what she looked at, I stood and turned her around. Lifting her skirt again and burning with need, I aimed my rod at her hole. Then I buried it in her, making her grunt with my forcefulness.

I held Jillian's luscious hips as I pistoned in and out of her wetness. Her orgasm had made her really juicy, and I slid in and out like she was melted butter. She felt so good!

Pounding her so hard she had to hold herself against the wall, I started to talk dirty to her. This always gets her going. It might be because she had a sheltered life growing up. But the passion with which she made love made up for lost time.

"You little tease," I breathed into her ear. "You teased me all through fucking dinner! You want some cream filling for dessert?"

"Yeah, baby! Yeah! Fill me up!" she cooed.

"You got me all hot, baby. This is what you wanted, huh? Denying your own need, so I could pound your cunt in an alley like a whore?"

"Yeah! Fuck me! Pound my pussy!" she moaned.

I grabbed a swatch of her hair and pulled it as I rammed her. She stifled a squeal at that, closing her mouth tight, so she wouldn't scream out loud.

My cock felt ready to explode, and I had to let go of her hair, so I could give it to her hard. There were no other noises except our sighs and the sound of our hips slapping together. My cum boiled up inside. I grabbed her shoulders and pushed her against the wall.

"Here's your cream filling! Take it! Take it! Take it!" I grunted, flooding her pussy with hot white cream.

Jillian [click to view a NSFW inspirational pic] whimpered with delight as I emptied my balls into her. A loud cummer, she did a good job keeping quiet in the alley. I felt my seed pour back out of her and around my shaft. I'd filled her up good!

We came down fast, and I pulled out of her. I turned her around and kissed her deeply, over and over.

"You're so good to me, baby," I whispered. "You drive me crazy, but you know that."

Jillian opened her eyes to look tenderly into mine, and kissed me gently. Again her eyes focused on something in the distance.

"What?" I whispered.

She nodded behind me. I turned my head in that direction. A woman stood a little way down the alley, standing against the opposite wall. She wore the uniform of a local cheesecake restaurant, and her hand was down the top of her skirt. Apparently she was well along the path to orgasm herself.

"P-Please. W-Will you go down on me too?" she asked in a voice dripping with lust.

I turned to look at Jillian. She nodded.

"She's been watching us for a while," she said. "Give her some head. She needs it."

I motioned for the woman to join us. She was pretty, blond, and had a gorgeous figure underneath the dull uniform. Her tan skin blended nicely with her brown eyes. She appeared to be in her thirties, not much older than us.

Not knowing what to do, I held her hands, then kissed her on the lips. She responded by slipping her tongue into my mouth, indicating by her motions what she wanted. I slipped my tongue into hers, and we played with our tongues like otters.

The woman was specific about what she really wanted.

"Please. It's been too long since I've been with a man," she said quietly. "And you looked like you know what you're doing," she smiled.

Her hand went down to my cock. I looked at Jillian. She didn't seem to mind. I was all but useless, having just blown my load. The woman fondled my bits for a moment, her fingers sliding around the wetness. She brought her hand to her mouth and licked the combined juices off her fingers.

"Maybe I was too late — if I could have had a piece of you, too," she said, casting a glance at Jillian, who pursed her lips. "I didn't want to get in the way."

"Enough. Just lift up your skirt," I said.

The woman lifted her brown skirt, revealing a pair of pale blue panties with a wet spot in the crotch.

"Lose those," I told her.

She slid off her panties and stuffed them into her handbag. Her pussy was as blond as the long hair on her head, and neatly trimmed. From the corner of my eye, I saw that Jillian noticed the juice seeping from the woman's pussy lips. Her interest piqued.

"Against the wall," I ordered.

It took only a couple seconds, and I squatted on the ground again, her skirt up around her waist. I inhaled her fragrance. She smelled sweet and clean, with a slight note of tangy sweat from working her shift. The wetness between her folds glistened.

I stuck out my tongue and ran it up the length of her folds, making her shiver with delight. Then I ran it down the length of her outer lip, and back up again. I did this three times, the last time her body loosening and some juice spilling out. She'd had a small orgasm. I knew instinctively this wouldn't be enough. Not if she'd spent time watching us and jilling off.

Separating the lips with my fingers, I ran my tongue up the interior of her snatch. I noticed Jillian come forward, and kiss the woman on the lips. Damn! Why hadn't the woman spoken up earlier? I could have fulfilled my dream of a threesome!

Knowing that possibility was probably a loss, I stuck to the task at hand. I liked eating her, she responded well and enjoyed it a lot. I went back and forth between the wet hole at the bottom and the nub at the top of her slit. The kisses between her and Jillian got sloppier and more passionate.

By this time the woman's pussy was soaked, and my tongue slid around with ease. I stuck a finger in my mouth and wet it good, but it was unnecessary. I'd dipped my finger into a wet cunt. As I finger-fucked and licked her, I saw Jillian unbuttoning the woman's gold colored top. Our friend didn't bother undoing her bra, instead lifting a cup to allow Jillian access.

This was, I well knew, Jillian's first experience with another woman. Her sheltered upbringing meant she had no idea women slept with other women. She was almost in high school by the time she learned that.

I stopped what I was doing to watch. Jillian took a tentative lick at the brownish nipple, decided it wasn't too bad, and took another. The woman watched as Jillian teased and pleased the nipple, then lifted the other cup. Jillian went for that one too, and sucked each in turn.

"Lick me," our friend urged, and I realized she meant me.

I'd gotten so hypnotized watching Jillian enjoy the woman's tits I'd forgotten what I was doing.

I went back to her pussy, wrapping my lips around her clit and sucking it. The woman moaned An old lady walking her dog, curious about what the noise was, stopped and looked into the alley. She left as though she'd left something burning on the stove.

I put a second finger in her, and ate and fucked her good. We had to finish this, or we'd get caught. Jillian moaned, and I looked up at her. The woman had her hand under Jillian's skirt, and was frigging her.

Wondering what would take the woman over the edge, I got another idea. I wet another finger in my mouth, and brought this one to her asshole.

"What are you doing?" she asked, startled. Then, "oh my god."

I inserted my finger to the second knuckle, and it drove her wild. Her thighs shook as she stood there getting pleasured by both of us. She came in a rush of gushing juices that washed over my mouth and chin, her soprano voice cooing into the night. Then Jillian came. The woman had found her pleasure spot and brought her over the edge.

Somehow we separated from our standing pile of limbs. Our friend pulled her hand from underneath Jillian's skirt. It was soaked with clear and white liquid from our mixed juices. The woman brought her hand to her mouth and licked it clean. This turned on Jillian no end.

Hastily, we put ourselves back together.

Seeing an opportunity, I asked our friend if she had a business card, and if she'd like to get together with us. She shook her head.

"Nope. Besides, I don't do girls. I like cock too much. This was fun, though. I can say now that I've tried it."

I wanted to ask her how could say she'd "tried it" from an experience standing up in an alley. I decided to let it go. And we let her go.

Jillian and I took the subway home, holding hands the whole way. My place was closer than hers, so we decided to take a nightcap. With all the unexpected extra action, I found myself horny again.

I let Jillian know of my need, and she obliged me with a great blowjob. With a sticky ending to our story.