 "Right, left, right, left!" Vertigo shouted at Katelynn as she jabbed at the punching bag he was holding for her. "Hook, jab, uppercut!"

Katelynn Morgan, aka Agent Nightingale, was getting a kickboxing lesson from her colleague, Vertigo. They were both members of a secretive team of mercenaries known as Blackballoon. Three months had passed since Nightingale was brought in to the team, and Vertigo had been working with her in the kickboxing studio for the past few weeks to get her in shape.

Nightingale was wearing a pair of pink kickboxing gloves, a black sports bra, and some tight fitting boxer shorts. The shorts clung to her tone thighs and round ass snugly, and the matching sports bra was just as snug as it cradled her enormous breasts - her best feature. Nightingale was blessed with a voluptuous set of knockers that were nearly the size of her head. It would take a grown man two hands to cup one of them in its entirety. Despite the sports bra hugging and holding her boobs tightly, they jiggled everywhere as she threw hooks and jabs.

Vertigo continued to call out the order for her to throw punches, and eventually she stopped, wiping sweat from her forehead. Nightingale's forehead was dripping with sweat, and her sandy brown hair was pulled back in a pony tail as she worked out.

"Don't stop now, we've still got half an hour to go." Vertigo told her. Her companion on the Blackballoon team was a heavily muscled man in his early thirties. He was apparently a football star in his earlier days, but Katelynn, being a computer nerd, had never heard of him before. Now, he worked with her on hand to hand combat, trying to bring her up to speed with the rest of the team.

"But I'm tired!" she complained as she bent over and placed her hands on her knees. As she leaned over, her heavy tits were pushed out slightly more.

"You're making great improvements so far, Nightingale, but you have a long way to go." the muscular man replied.

Their conversation was cut short as Vertigo's phone beeped across the room. He set down his gloves and walked to the side of the boxing studio and checked the text message that appeared.

"What's it say?" Nightingale asked, breathing heavily.

"Looks like your workout will be cut short today. It's HQ, we need to head back there right now." the man intoned.

*****************

Nightingale and Vertigo reported to Colonel James "Mack" MacKinnon's office at Blackballoon Headquarters. The main Headquarters for Blackballoon Operations were in a high-rise skyscraper that overlooked downtown Phoenix. The Colonel was sitting behind his desk with a cigar in his mouth while he looked at some files on his desk.

"The mayor of a small rural village in Mexico has hired us to help him." the retired war veteran began to explain. "A group of drug runners has come in and set up business on the outskirts of his town, and the villagers are terrified."

"Understood, but why can't the local government down there do something?" Vertigo asked, crossing his heavy arms, and then he glanced down to check out his biceps.

"Because they're corrupt, and the mayor believes the drug cartel is buying them off. We're his only hope. I need you two to go down to Mexico right away and find out just what we're dealing with down there." The Colonel said.

"But, sir. Why me? There's no computer hacking involved. Wouldn't one of the other team members be better suited?" Nightingale asked, seeming concerned.

MacKinnon shook his head and took a drag off his cigar. "There's no one else. Cheetah and Aspen are out on assignment in Canada. You two are all I've got. Besides, it's just a reconnaissance mission for now. In other words, go down and survey the situation for now." The grizzled man took another puff of his cigar and added, "Your contact down there is Rosalina Diaz, the mayor's daughter. She'll fill you in on the rest of the details and show you around."

As Katelynn and Vertigo left the office, Katelynn had a very concerned look on her face. Vertigo noticed it too.

"You'll be ok, Nightingale, just stick with me." he assured her with a wink.

*****************

The two agents traveled to Mexico via the company helicopter, and once they landed on the other side of the border, it took them another two days travel by jeep to reach the small, secluded mountain village. The village was nestled in the jungle hills with hardly any other civilization around it. No wonder this seemed like the perfect location for the drug cartel to set up shop.

The village was very quaint, having one main street, one Inn, one cantina, and one general store. Vertigo and Nightingale arrived in the village in their jeep and pulled up to the only Inn in town. Nightingale hopped out and grabbed her backpack. She was dressed for bush-whacking in the jungle - a tight green tank-top, khaki shorts, and a pair of hiking boots. As she hopped out of the jeep, a couple men who were sitting outside the Inn stopped and stared at her enormous jugs as she walked past them. She blushed slightly as she attracted the attention, and thought about whether she should have worn something more conservative, but nothing she wore could hide her huge fuck-pillows. Her jugs bounced in the green tank top, and the low cut front showed a gorgeous view of the perfectly round inner slopes of her tits that made up her cleavage.

Vertigo grabbed his equipment and slung his backpack over his shoulders as the two of them walked in the front door of the Inn. Inside, they found Rosalina waiting for them at an empty table.

Rosalina Diaz, the mayor's daughter, was a beautiful young twenty year old girl. The tan latina had beautiful long dark hair, deep, sensual brown eyes, and an amazing full-bosomed figure. The white sundress she was wearing looked great with her mocha skin, and the low cut neckline of the dress swooped down to display a view of her bountiful, full, round jugs. Her tits could only be described as fuck-jugs. The brown, perfectly rounded breasts were young and perky, and were enticing to look at.

"Rosalina, I'm Agent Vertigo." he introduced himself, trying not to stare into the deep view of her young, bulging titties, but the effort was futile. His gaze kept dropping to her melons.

"Hello, I'm Nightingale." Katelynn said as the girl embraced her in a hug. The two girls hugged firmly, and for a moment, both of their sets of big titties squeezed together during the embrace. It was a sight for Vertigo to witness, one that gave him an instant hardon. Both of those enormous sets of hooters mashing together would make any man hard.

"Mucho gusto." the busty latina greeted them and motioned for them to sit. Then she continued in English, with a moderate accent. "Thank you for coming. My father is so worried about the drug runners on the outskirts of town. They've been here for weeks, terrorizing our village!"

"Can you show us where their camp is?" Vertigo asked her.

"Si, yes." she responded, nodding her head. "It's late now, but we go in the morning."

*****************

The next morning, the two Blackballoon agents met Rosalina in the lobby of the Inn as they prepared to set out to find the drug cartel's camp. Rosalina was wearing something more appropriate for hiking today - a pair of tight jeans that seemed painted on her body, hiking boots, and a military style button-up shirt that was ripped away to make it a half-shirt, leaving her thin, slender belly completely bare.

They ditched the jeep and instead walked on foot through the jungle for about three miles, whacking their way through brush and foliage until finally they reached the crest of a hill. Rosalina stopped them and they crouched down as she pointed to the valley below. Below them in the valley just beyond the hill, were several makeshift huts, with a dirt road leading to them.

"This is where they make the drugs." Rosalina whispered to them.

Nightingale nodded her head and took out a pair of binoculars from her backpack, and began surveying the camp.

"I must leave you now, I'm needed in the village. Lo siento." Rosalina explained, seeming to plead for their forgiveness.

"It's ok, you've done plenty. Thank you." Vertigo told her, and then the busty daughter disappeared into the jungle.

"What do you see?" Vertigo asked his companion, Nightingale.

"Looks to be about six huts for making the drugs, and one larger hut at the other end of the camp. Maybe the barracks or something." Katelynn explained.

There was smoke coming from one of the chimneys, indicating that someone had a fire running.

"Let's go down and take a closer look." the muscular man suggested as she slung his backpack around his shoulders again and was already starting down the hill before Katelynn could protest.

"Wait, it seems dangerous. We're just supposed to observe the camp and report back to the Colonel." Katelynn responded.

"Come on, we'll just look around. I don't think anyone's down there. Let's take a few pictures and gather some intel." he said, still walking away. She could either follow him or sit alone in the jungle and probably get lost. Katelynn chose to follow him, but she swore to herself the entire way down the hill.

As it turned out, the camp was empty after all. Vertigo lead Nightingale boldly through the camp and they examined the huts where the drugs were created and packaged. Each hut seemed like a mini science lab. Finally they decided to investigate the larger hut on the other end of the camp. There didn't appear to be much. Maybe whatever they had they took with them. The place was eerily silent, as if whoever was here would be back at any minute. Vertigo was quite casual as he snapped several pictures with his digital camera, intending to upload them to Blackballoon HQ later.

"They could be back any moment, we should get out of here." the busty agent said with a nervous gulp.

"Yeah you're probably right. I got what I need. Let's ditch this place." Vertigo agreed to a huge sigh of relief from Katelynn.

As the two Blackballoon agents exited the hut, they stopped in their tracks as two jeeps screeched to a stop just a few feet in front of them, and six drug cartel thugs jumped out, armed with machetes and long rusty knives. They were shouting loudly and neither Katelynn nor Vertigo could understand what exactly they were saying - but they knew they were being ordered to stand still. The last person to exit the jeep was none other than Lady Evelina, one of the Blackballoon team's nemesis.

The busty villainess was wearing a slimming black leather corset, despite the jungle heat. The tightly-laced corset slimmed her already-thin waist to impossibly small proportions, and emphasized her already large breasts. Her fair-skinned cleavage was on full display as she jumped from the jeep, her titties bouncing naturally. She wore elbow-length black opera gloves to match her corset, and a pair of knee-high boots with dozens of buckles completed her outfit. Not one of her thugs dared stare at her cleavage even as it bounced.

Dark jet-black hair fell down around her shoulders as Evelina positioned herself between her armed thugs and she peered at the Blackballoon agents from behind her dark-rimmed glasses. The sinister woman crossed her arms underneath her breasts and gave a long sigh.

"Blackballoon agents." she said with disgust. "Your team has caused me enough headaches and cost me a hell of a lot of money. And now you've tracked me down to this remote piece of jungle and are probably planning on ruining this for me too."

Vertigo and Nightingale looked at each other and exchanged worried glances.

"Kill them!" Lady Evelina shouted.

The thugs lunged toward them and Vertigo shouted "Run, Nightie!" as he grabbed a smoke grenade from his belt and popped it. Smoke billowed around them as the two agents ran in opposite directions.

Nightingale ran as hard and fast as she could, without wasting any energy to even look back. She ran and ran until her legs burned, and after a few minutes she realized she was by herself at the top of the hill where they had been a few minutes before. Vertigo wasn't with her. No one was nearby, in fact.

Since she was by herself and seemed to have lost her pursuers, she grabbed her binoculars again and peered down toward the encampment. She looked just in time to see Vertigo with his hands tied behind his back being escorted by the thugs and Lady Evelina into the large hut.

"Shit." Katelynn said.

*****************

"Tie him up, hands behind his back still." Lady Evelina ordered her thugs, a scowl of pure annoyance on her face.

Vertigo was quickly pushed into a heavy wooden chair and tied securely with his hands behind his back. His feet, chest and legs were bound too, making it impossible to move.

"Leave us." she said, waving her arm to her thugs. They looked at her in question, but after an evil glare from her, the thugs quickly left the room, leaving just Lady Evelina alone with Vertigo inside.

"Now, I'm going to get exactly what I want from you." the sinister Evelina said, slowly removing one of her gloves at a time as she paced in front of the man tied to the chair.

"What do you want from me?" Vertigo grunted.

"I want to know the location of your pathetic organization's headquarters. Then, I'm going to blow your headquarters sky-high and be rid of you pitiful mercenaries once and for all."

Vertigo laughed, "I'll never tell you that!"

"Oh, I have ways of making you talk." Evelina said, placing her gloves on the table. She positioned herself in front of Vertigo, directly in his line of sight. The busty woman would be gorgeous if she wasn't scowling all the time. Vertigo snatched a glance at her deep cleavage and wondered what it would be like to tittyfuck the bitch.

"You'll never get me to talk, you bitch. I've undergone enhanced-interrogation resistance training. You can torture me all you want, but I'll never tell you a thing!" he spat.

"Oh, I have a very specific type of torture that I don't think you're trained for." she replied with a sinister grin. Evelina picked up a large knife from the table and then cut away the crotch of Vertigo's pants, leaving his cock and balls exposed. The muscular man had a confused look on his face, wondering what she was planning to do. 

"I saw you staring at my tits earlier." she began to speak sensually. "I bet you were wondering what they felt like, weren't you? Maybe you imagined squeezing them while you sucked on my nipples, or perhaps you even imagined having them pressed around your cock as I gave you a titjob."

The villainess leaned over Veritgo and pressed her heavy jugs up against his chest. Her oversized titties didn't spill out of her corset, barely. Instead, her titflesh smushed up against Vertigo's strong chest and she teased him by sliding her breasts down the length of his torso. Vertigo couldn't help himself, and his dick began to get hard. The man had an impressive 11-inch cock to go along with his ripped body. As Evelina continued to tease him, his rod became fully erect and arched up at attention.

"Well, fuck-stud, maybe you even imagined my lips wrapped around your cock, giving you the blowjob of your life. Did you?" she was teasing him, and now her bare hand was wrapped around the base of the man's thick shaft. She squeezed him hard, and precum dripped from the tip.

"What the fuck are you doing?" Vertigo asked, confused by this supposed interrogation.

"It's a technique I invented. Soon, you'll be so horny and desperate to cum, that you'll tell me exactly what I need to know. And don't you dare think that I'm going to let you cum unless you talk. You don't get to bust your nut until you've told me everything."

"Holy Fuck!" Vertigo gasped.

After her explanation, Evelina dropped to her knees in front of Vertigo, and spit a mouthful of saliva across his rock-hard shaft. She pressed herself up against his crotch, letting her enormous hooters rest up against his inner thighs. The man sighed as her spit dripped down his shaft, and she let another long trail of spit drool off her tongue and splatter across his dick.

Once his cock was good and wet, Lady Evelina pressed her puckered lips to the tip of Vertigo's thick cockmeat, and sucked down some of his oozing precum that was drooling out the little slit at the tip. Her lips wrapped around his cockhead, and then she sealed them tightly around the entire tip. She started at first by giving little baby sucks, nursing him smoothly and tenderly. Vertigo's dickmeat was already aching and throbbing hard, and the tip oozed with so much precum that it constantly trickled down her throat.

"Now, tell me where Blackballoon Headquarters is located." the sinister lady said, letting go of his penis with her hands and her mouth.

Vertigo shook his head. "Never!"

"We'll see how you feel about that in an hour." she said, and swallowed his cock up again. She took a few more inches of his long fuck-stick into her mouth and began sucking harder now. Evelina sucked so hard that her cheeks caved in slightly. Her massive tits were pressed firmly up against his inner thighs, threatening to pop out of her tight corset. Soon, the thugs outside could hear wet slurping and sucking sounds coming from inside the large hut, but no one dared go inside.

*****************

Katelynn Morgan returned to the village out of breath. She stumbled into the main road as she exited the thick foliage of the jungle. Her breathing was deep and quick, and her clothes were soaked with sweat. The hair that had come loose from her pony-tail was matted to her head as beads of perspiration dripped down her forehead and chest. The busty agent ran to the Inn, looking for Rosalina.

Rosalina was doing dishes in the kitchen when she arrived, and quickly brought her a glass of water, a concerned look on her face. "Nightingale!" she exclaimed, seeing something was wrong.

"Rosalina, quickly, do you have a phone here?" she asked, taking a big gulp of much-needed water.

"Si, it is over there." she pointed toward the front desk.

Katelynn quickly dialed Colonel MacKinnon's office and explained the situation to him. They had come across the drug cartel's camp, discovered it belonged to Lady Evelina's crew, and they were ambushed and that Vertigo was currently being held prisoner by them.

"Holy shit, what SNAFU." Mack said on the other end of the line. 

"I know!" Katelynn responded, hoping the experienced colonel would have a plan.

After a pause, Mack responded: "Ok, sit tight. I'll bring Cheetah and Aspen in from undercover and send them down for backup. They're in Canada right now, so it will probably take them at least five days to reach you. Sit tight, Nightingale!"

"That's too much time!" she cried out. "He's probably being tortured by that bitch!"

"Nightingale, listen, the rest of the team is on assignment in Canada, so it's going to take some time for backup to arrive."

"There's no time for backup." Nightingale responded, and hung up the phone.

"Is everything ok?" Rosalina asked, fidgeting her hands together with a concerned look on her face.

Katelynn shook her head and stood up, she grabbed a towel off the counter and patted her chest, soaking up some of the titty-sweat that had collected there. "Rosalina, I need any weapons you have. I'm going to rescue Vertigo myself." she said with resolve.

"I'm coming with you." the busty latina responded.

*****************

Twelve hours had passed since the torture had begun, and by now Vertigo's cock was aching more than he had ever felt in his life. His entire shaft was swollen and red, and his balls felt tense. Blue veins bulged from his scrotum as his balls had stiffened up, and the muscular man felt a pit in his stomach. He had never needed to ejaculate more in his life than he did now.

The evil bitch who was torturing him like this was squatting in front of him right now, rubbing lotion over his stiff prick. Evelina would take a handful of lotion and then slowly smear it across Vertigo's cock, making sure to go slow enough so that he wouldn't become over-stimulated and cum. By now, his dick was slick and slippery and was dripping with lotion.
