 For Holly

Author's Note: This is the second installment of a two-section posting. This is a long story, so be aware. For best effect, I would suggest that you look for and read the first posting before reading this one. As most of my readers know, it is always worthwhile reading the whole story. I hope you all enjoy this!

* * * * *

Part 3: Their Night Out

Back in the warm comfort of their room, fresh from their tryst by the lake, the lovers fell into each other's arms and onto the bed. With a special mix CD playing in the background, they lay together for several minutes, Holly on top but somewhat to the side of him, her head resting on David's shoulder, her leg drawn up to rest on his belly, while her hands traced little patterns on his chest. He wrapped his arms about her tenderly, savoring the warmth of her naked body under the soft cotton of the dress.

"This is very nice being here with you like this," she purred. "I'm so glad we were able to get together."

"So am I, Holly," David replied, his fingers lightly brushing through her red hair. "I could lay here with you forever."

"Mmm, it does feel so nice," she hummed. "Do you think it will last, David?"

"What's that, Baby?" he asked.

"This wonderful feeling I have inside," she replied.

"I don't know the answer that question, Darlin'," he replied softly. "We're here together today and tomorrow, but who knows where we will be next week or next month or a year from now."

"I can live with that," she responded, picking her head up from his chest and inching her lips toward his for a little kiss. "So when is dinner tonight?" 

"Around seven," David replied, checking his watch. "There's a nice little dinner theatre nearby and I thought we could take in the show. It lets out before ten so we have plenty of time to come back here and play."

"Cute," she giggled. "You sounded just like a little kid. But you know that when I play with you, it's a different kind of game."

"It sure is Darlin'," he said angling her head up for another long lingering kiss. "And that's just one of the reason's I'm here.

"I should probably start getting ready," she said, slipping away from him toward the edge of the bed. "I need a shower since you got me all hot and sticky this afternoon."

"Well, Darlin', I think you had a little something to do with it," he remarked, rolling over and raising up on an elbow, to watch as she got up from the bed and began to unbutton her dress. 

She knew he was watching, so she turned her back to him as she finished undoing the remaining buttons and then very slowly, very teasingly eased the dress from her shoulders until it fell freely to the floor. Glancing over her shoulder, she could see him drinking in the sight of her naked backside and deliberately ran her hands down her body from her breasts over her belly and down her long legs, bending over as she did, knowing well the affect it would have on him. Standing back upright, she raised her arms up over her head, before turning to face him. She loved the incredible look of lust in his eyes, and let him have a good look at her before scampering into the bathroom.

She started up the shower and climbed in once it had warmed up. As she let the warm water flow over her body, she reached for the soap and had began to work up a lather and spread it over her body when the shower door opened and in stepped a naked David. He slipped his arms around her wet body and kissed her with a hot passion that turned her on completely. He took the soap from her hand and took over soaping her up as she turned around within his reach. Between the heat of his touch and the hot look of lust in his eyes she was catching fire again. She wrestled the soap from him and began to soap up his body, spending most of her time on his stiff cock. After hastily rinsing the soap from his body he spun her around and moved up behind her, his incredibly hard cock standing out from his body and slipping between the cheeks of her ass. She pushed her ass back and spread her legs feeling his cock press up against her pussy.

"Are you sure you want to do that," she asked foolishly.

"Hey, we've already eaten, haven't we?" David said rubbing the head of his cock on the lips of her pussy.

"Fair enough," she sighed as she felt him push the head into her wet willing pussy. "Oh, fuck me, David!"

She rested her hands up on the wall and leaned forward letting him slowly work his hard cock in and out of her. He grabbed her by the hips and began to fuck her with long slow strokes that brought squeals of pleasure from her.

"Oh, God, David! Fuck me!"

His hands began to move all over her wet body, first cupping her breasts and pinching her nipples, then holding her shoulders and running his hands up and down her back, then moving down and around to finger her clit. He started pumping her harder, the cheeks of her wet ass smacking against his belly.

"I'm going to come!" she cried out. "I'm coming, David!"

He slammed into her with great passion, watching with complete delight as Holly shook in the throes of a wild orgasm. She arched her back quivering with delight and then stood in front of him, trapping his cock tightly between her thighs.

"Oh, David," she called out as he embraced her and laid a whole bunch of little kisses on her shoulders and the back of her neck and down the path of her spine.

She let him hold her close and kiss her repeatedly as their passion ebbed and flowed away. When his cock slipped down out of her, she turned around and kissed him tenderly.

"I'm sorry," he breathed softly as her teeth nibbled on his ear. "But I couldn't help myself."

"You can blame that one on me," she whispered. "I wanted you to fuck me in here."

They eventually finished their shower, toweled each other off and sat at the small table wrapped up in their towels. They finished the champagne and nibbled from the leftover picnic lunch.

"So what should I wear tonight?" Holly asked.

"I brought along a suit for tonight," he said. "Not too formal, but sharp."

"Okay," she said moving over to the armoire. She looked through the armoire and noticed an outfit that she hadn't brought herself. "Where did this come from?" she asked, pulling out a black silk dress with a lovely embroidered jacket.

"Just a little something I picked up for you," he said softly, the corners of his mouth curling up. "I saw it and thought of you."

"It's beautiful," she said, holding it up to her and looking in the mirror. "Oh, thank you, Sweetie!"

Holly swept over to him and planted a kiss on his flushed cheek. She couldn't wait to try it on and picked out some emerald green lingerie and sheer black silk stockings to wear underneath. David whistled softly when she came out of the bathroom. The dress fit her perfectly, not too snug and yet showed off her curves so well.

"Darlin', you look terrific," he said looking her up and down.

He wasted little time getting dressed while Holly choose some of her favorite songs to play while she waited. The scene was played in reverse when he came out in his dark green suit with a crisp white shirt, stylishly colorful necktie and a matching handkerchief stuffed into his pocket.

"Say, handsome," she said with a flirty lilt to her voice. "You got a date for tonight?"

"As a matter of fact, I'm going out with my special girl," he responded when she slipped up to him and ran her hand up his arm and over his shoulder.

"Lucky girl," she said, moving closer.

"I'm the lucky one," he replied, as she leaned up to kiss him softly. "We'd better get going, or we'll be late."

The Lenawee County Playhouse was a converted old movie house just a quick taxi ride from the hotel. As they walked hand in hand through the lobby, David couldn't help but notice how the other men regarded Holly, the spring in her walk, the curve of her legs, and the dazzling, sexy smile on her face. Once inside, they sought out the bar on the mezzanine and each ordered a stiff drink. There was an outdoor portico nearby and they stepped out for a breath of fresh air. From the railing they could see the twinkling lights of the small city and the shadows of the surrounding foothills.

"This is wonderful," Holly remarked, bringing her glass up to David's as if for a toast. "I love the view."

"The view in my eyes is the best," David said, his eyes locked on her, lovingly.

"Have you ever come here before?" she asked. 

"Never been here," he replied. "First time for everything. But I heard that the show is a lot of fun. One of the gals I work with recommended it."

They stood side by side by the railing. For the past week they hadn't talked or chatted online and their phone conversations had been little more than a flurry of small observations and a quick exchange of feelings.

"I still can't believe we're here together," he said, turning to face her, his elbow resting on the railing. "It seemed like we had talked about it for so long, it took forever to get here. And now it's here and I can't believe that I'm actually with you."

"I know, Lover," she said, flashing her emerald eyes at him. "I am so glad I came. After the way my last relationship ended, I was ready to swear off men entirely."

"I'm glad you didn't," David said.

"How long have we known each other, two years?" Holly asked.

"Almost," David said, recalling their previous meetings. "You know when we first met I never would have thought we'd be here today. Certainly not like this."

"This is special, isn't it?" she commented. "It's so hard living far apart, but when we come together like this, the feelings are so intense and we have such a great time, it seems so worthwhile."

"Yes, we do seem to get along so well together," David said, turning his back to the railing and leaning on an elbow. "I had feeling that it could happen last spring."

"When was that?" she asked, turning to face him.

"After one of our phone calls, the one where you complained about men being such assholes."

Holly laughed out loud, her face lighting up at the memory. "Well, I had been having a hard time of it. Every guy I met was just looking for one thing, and didn't care what I thought about it."

"Just like I had been on a pretty bad losing streak too," David added. "It's funny how we had known each other all along and just like that we step up from being business associates to something else."

"I'm glad we met, David," she said.

"So am I," he agreed.

They looked at each other and wordlessly exchanged the thoughts and remembrances of the phone calls, each one more personal than the last. Those calls had lead to some tasty email exchanges and steamy online chats, and culminated in a hot sexy phone call that had left them both as spent and drained as if they had actually had sex. It was obviously destined for them to meet face-to-face and the idea was very mutual and arranged quickly and eagerly. They had first met near where he lived and then near her place. Their jobs and travel obligations kept them from a regular schedule, but their imagination and mutual desire worked in their favor and they had gone on to meet several times, each time coming up with a different kind of theme or setting. There was a theatre weekend in Toronto; an antiques hunting trip to Western New York state; and a ski weekend in northern Michigan. They had planned something special for Valentine's Day, but when business took precedence, David had arranged this trip, hoping to make up for the postponement.

They stood close together, talking and exchanging such deep looks that the other patrons gathering outside couldn't help but notice these two lovers by the railing; the admiring looks of the men were telling of how they wished to be with Holly, the women obviously wishing to be her. But the lovers weren't mindful of the attention, so content were they to share the moment and the growing starlight while they waited for dinner to be called.

They took a quick tour of the place before looking for their seats. David took her arm and led her down the large gilded staircase. How many other lovers had taken that same path over the years? For these moments in the sparkle of each other's eyes, the answer didn't matter for they were together now, arm in arm, taking an eternal stroll around the promenade and down the stairs. 

The main floor of the theatre had been converted into a dining room, and was filling up by the time they had descended to the main floor. They found the way over to their table and joined the others who were already seated. Holding the chair for her, David helped Holly seat herself and sat closely beside her. Introductions were exchanged all around. Ironically, a middle-aged couple seated across from David was from a town near where he lived, while the two older couples next to Holly lived about a half hour away from her. As they exchanged pleasantries, Holly leaned in close to David.

"What do you think of these folks next to me?" she whispered into his ear.

"Cute," he whispered in reply, checking out how the women were sitting next to Holly and the men were in the next two seats. "I'll bet when they travel the men ride together in the front."

"That's what I thought. It's so silly!" Holly whispered with a chuckle before leaning over to lick his ear. David could easily see the disapproving look on the face of the lady seated next to Holly as she looked on. He smiled and nodded in the old babe's direction and she in turn leaned over and whispered something in her friend's ear.

They were joined a few minutes later by a younger couple, which took the last pair of seats at the table next to David. There was something about these late arrivals that made him identify with them. Perhaps it was the loving looks they exchanged, or the way they held hands under the table. David smiled and reached over to Holly's lap and took her hand in his. She squeezed it and pressed it flat against her thigh, opening her legs and pulling it down between them. His fingers tips trembled eagerly as he felt the silky stockings and her warm thighs beneath. Not missing a beat of the polite table conversation, Holly brought her own hand back up to lift her wine glass and eased into the current table discussion. 

For his part, David slipped his fingers further up her thigh, past the silk stocking and lace top to the smooth warm silky skin of her tender thigh. Nodding and occasionally adding his part to the flow of chatter he slowly eased his hand up farther and farther until his pinky touched the thin silky material of Holly's panties. Pressing his pinky and ring fingers closer to her warm spot that was now getting wet, he kept an eye out for her reaction. His fingers found the smooth warm slit between her legs. Holly smiled, spreading the napkin over her lap a bit wider, and chatted politely. Only once, as he pressed his fingers particularly close, did she flinch. So there he kept his hand, sliding his palm and fingers back and forth on her thigh and pussy.

As the waiters began circulating to take the last drink orders before dinner, Holly suddenly looked at David. He could see that she was biting her lower lip and thought he saw a tiny little bead of sweat forming on her brow.

"Could you excuse me?" she asked him. "I'll be right back."

Clutching her purse, she got up from the table and quickly headed toward the ladies restroom. David ordered her another Cosmo.

"Pretty lady you have there," one of the older men said, his eyes following her every step of the way to the restroom. 

"Quite lovely!" said the other one, only to receive a firm nudge from his wife beside him.

"Thank you. I'm very fond of her too," David responded with a smile. He enjoyed the look on the faces of the older men, who seemed to be wishing and dreaming of what he had and would be living. And when he glanced at the older women and saw their look of disapproval, he smiled politely, wondering just what bothered them so much. Sure there was an apparent difference in their ages, and they weren't ashamed to openly flirt with each other. He was glad when the other couple piped in with some small talk.

When Holly returned, she took her seat beside David and spread the napkin across her lap again. As David went to replace his hand on her thigh, she appeared to pull something out of her purse. She hand found his and pressed something into his palm. As his fingers clutched the object, there was no mistaking that it was her panties. He could feel the dampness as he held them before slipping them into his jacket pocket. Replacing his hand on her thigh, he quickly retraced his previous path and as she spread her legs was delighted to find her smooth shaven pussy waiting for him.

Shortly the stage lights were brought up and the cast of the floorshow came out to warm up the audience, introducing themselves and some of the special groups and celebrants in the audience. At the end of their brief warm-up, they introduced the wait staff that paraded out with the salads, and David decided to retrieve his hand for the sake of feeding himself. But even as the entrees were served, he slipped his hand back down under the table whenever possible. At one point during dinner, after having slipped his fingers just up inside her, he brought his fingers up and licked them as she looked on smiling warmly. The others may have thought it was the juice from his prime rib, but she knew better.

David ate hungrily and finished his meal first among those at their table. This of course gave him the opportunity to slip his hand back between Holly's lovely legs. Emboldened by his previous success, he moved his fingers as far up and in her as possible. She had spread her legs enough that his middle finger could part her and rub up against her clit. Starting very slowly but increasing his pace, he began to finger her with all the quiet passion possible in such a public setting. She had pretty much finished her meal but was clearly distracted by the under napkin action. 

"So how is your dinner?" asked the older gal next to her.

"Oh, terrific!" she blurted out, perhaps a bit louder than the others expected.

David drove his fingers harder against her wet sex. He could see that his fingers were having the desired effect on her and he could tell that she was biting down on her lip again to keep from calling out in response to his movements. With just a series of delicate flicks against her clit, David was able to make her cum. He felt her thighs clamp his hand tightly like a vice. There was an increased flush in her cheeks and a spreading glistening sheen on her forehead. Of course, it had to be Holly whom the busboy approached first when clearing the table.

"Are you finished, M'am?" he asked.

"Oh, yes!" she called out loudly. "I'm there!"

The others around the table smiled, unknowing, but the lady next to her looked down to see the bulge of David's hand beneath the napkin and glared again even more disapprovingly. David withdrew his hand finally and brought his napkin up to his mouth a final time.

"How about some fresh air, Darling?" he asked, leaning over toward Holly.

"Yes, I need to freshen up anyway," she replied.

They stood up and excused themselves from the table. He held out his arm and Holly looped her hand inside it as they strolled toward the doorway leading out toward the patio. Once though the doors and into the fresh evening air, Holly began to laugh aloud.

"You, you, you, ... you!" she said. "I can't believe you did that!"

"It was your idea, Darlin'," he replied. "Besides I didn't hear you tell me to stop."

"Right!" she laughed. "Like I'm supposed to say, 'Excuse me, but could you remove your hand from my pussy?'" Holly pulled him toward her near the railing. "Thank you anyway, that was so hot! I couldn't believe how hard you made me come!"
