 The city went dark and an hour later, I was finally blindly dipping my key into the lock of my apartment. Light flooded into the pitch-black hallway and I stepped into the hot, thick air that I knew would be waiting for me, flinging off the delicate flip-flops that had amazingly managed to get me home. It felt as though I had walked the entire length of Manhattan and I could feel the beads of sweat gliding down my back and between my breasts. 

I rummaged through my cabinets for some candles and a lighter and placed them around the apartment. The candles filled my studio with an amber glow and I regretted that there was no one else with me to appreciate the atmosphere. I dropped onto the couch and stared at the blank television screen. It was barely 5:30 and I didn't have a clue what to do with myself.

After a few minutes of considering my options – listening to a CD on my Discman or masturbating furiously or both at once – I was interrupted by a low knock on the door. I was caught off guard and actually a bit nervous.

"Um... who is it?" I called from halfway across the room.

"Oh, um, Daniel." And then, after a short pause, realizing I didn't have a clue who he was, "I live next door to you."

"Oh," I said a bit confused and a little relieved.

I quickly ran my fingers through my hair to make sure I didn't look like a complete mess, straightened out my tank top, pulled up the strap that had drooped off of my shoulder, and tugged on my denim mini-skirt to make sure it wasn't revealing any more than it was supposed to.

I undid the locks and waiting in the shadowy hallway was a familiar face that I could finally put a name to. I'd seen him a few times entering and leaving the building, but I hadn't even realized he actually lived here, let alone right next door. I assumed he must have a girlfriend who lived in the building. Why I assumed that I don't know since I'd never seen him with a woman. I guess I just assumed he was too adorable to be single and I didn't see him often enough to lead me to believe he lived here. What I could barely see now in the dark hallway I recalled from seeing him before in the light – his mop of dark brown waves, his warm green eyes, his thin, well-toned body, and the way his ass looked in a pair of jeans.

"Hi," I managed to spit out. I now wished I'd spent a little more time on my appearance before opening the door.

"Hi, um, sorry to bother you, but I was wondering if you happened to have an extra C battery lying around. I need one more for my flashlight." He held up the flashlight and the one battery he did have as evidence.

I was disappointed that he had come here for something so mundane as a battery and despite the fact that I knew I did not have a single battery, C or otherwise, lurking in my apartment, I told him that I might and invited him in. I rummaged though some drawers in an attempt to convince him that I actually believed there was a chance I'd discover one. After three drawers, I figured it was safe to give up the search.

"Nope, sorry," I said with an apologetic look.

"That's ok, I'll..."

And before he could finish his sentence, I added, "But I can lend you a few candles." Anything to postpone his departure.

"Oh no, that's ok. I've got a few of my own. But thanks. I really wanted a flashlight. Even with the few candles it's still pretty dark and it's kind of creepy sitting in there all by myself."

I wanted to kiss him right then and there. 

"You could hang out here and keep me company." I couldn't believe the words actually came out of my mouth. I would have never been able to say such a thing in any other circumstance. I guessed that the blackout had blacked out my inhibitions as well.

I bit my lip waiting for his response.

"Really?" he asked. I detected a bit of excitement in his voice, like a little boy being offered a trip to the zoo.

"Yeah sure. I was thinking the same thing. About it being creepy and all, being here by myself." Was he actually going to agree to hang out in a complete strangers apartment? What were we going to talk about? What if he turned out to be completely boring? I could end up sitting in a puddle of sweat suffocated by an overwhelmingly uncomfortable silence with this guy who I knew nothing about.

"Um ok... yeah. Sure. I'll stay." He smiled.

Still a bit paralyzed by the awkwardness of the situation, he just stood there not knowing what to do. I reached past him to close the door and my arm accidentally (or maybe not entirely accidentally) brushed against his. "Sorry," I mumbled and pushed a stray lock of hair back behind my ear.

I went back to the couch and sat down. He followed and, after a few uncomfortable minutes of silence, we both looked up at each other and smiled, acknowledging the awkwardness in the air. He asked me how long I'd lived here. I mentioned that I'd seen him before a few times, but I didn't know he lived here. He commented on how strange it was not to know your neighbors even though you practically lived on top of one another. I complained about how thin the walls were and how you could hear almost everything. He laughed and told me about his neighbor on the other side who he always hears having sex.

"He makes the funniest grunting noises. And they're so loud! He woke me up once." Daniel smiled shyly, hoping he hadn't made a conversational faux pas in bringing up someone's loud sexual escapades with someone he just met.

I laughed and smiled back to let him know I wasn't the type to take offense over something like that.

"I must confess... I can hear you brushing your teeth sometimes," I said. "It's nice to put a face to all that sloshing and spitting."

We both laughed and I decided that I would dip my own toe in to test the waters. "I have to admit that I've also heard some moaning coming through the wall from YOUR place," I teased. Even in the dark I thought I could see him blush a bit. He was quiet and I suddenly felt stupid for bringing that up. "Sorry, I was just..."

"No, it's fine," he chuckled. "Unfortunately, I'm sure you've noticed that it's been pretty quiet for the past few months."

I laughed. "Well, you know as well as I do that I'M not getting any either." 

We both looked up at each other and smiled. The topic of sex had brought the conversation to a halt and we were quiet again. But this time it wasn't awkwardness that blanketed us with silence, it was sexual tension. Our eyes scanned the room, afraid of what would happen if they met.

I reached my left arm out and began to tug on the fraying fabric at the edge of the couch as a distraction. Suddenly, Daniel's right arm was resting there next to mine. This was it. This was my opportunity. I continued playing with the frayed fabric, but I slowly inched my arm in his direction. That inch felt like a mile to traverse. As the first of his hairs began to tickle my forearm, I could tell he had been moving closer to me as well. I turned my arm so that the length of my arm and the back of my hand were aligned with his. We sat like that for a minute or so and out of the corner of my eye I looked at where our bodies were touching to make sure I wasn't imagining it. He started to gently move his fingers against mine and I happily reciprocated. My thighs were burning up from the inside. It felt as though every nerve in my body was sparking.

Finally, we both looked up at each other, desperately waiting for the next move. I couldn't hold back anymore and I leaned over, placed my hand on his cheek and pressed my lips eagerly to his. His hand found my cheek too and he pulled me closer to him. As our kissing became more and more intense, his hands began to wander over the curves of my body. He pressed his left hand against my breast, kneading it between his thumb and fingers. As his fingers began to travel under my tank top, I pulled out of our kiss, crossed my arms in front of me and pulled it off in one quick motion. I had not been wearing a bra underneath my top and so now, my breasts were completely revealed to him. He looked at them in the dim light and then looked into my eyes.

Daniel lunged at me, pinned me to the sofa, and proceeded to cover me with kisses from the waist up as his hands traveled up under my skirt. His hot breath on my neck made me shiver and I knew that any moment he would discover just how much of an effect he was having on me. His fingers kept moving within centimeters of the ever-dampening crotch of my white cotton panties (I would have worn something more impressive had I had time to prepare). The anticipation was agony. I could feel him hardening against my thigh and the thought of him inside me was driving me crazy. I reached down, grabbed his hand, and pressed it against what he'd been taking his time to get to. He had been sucking voraciously on my right nipple and suddenly stopped, lifted up his head and smiled devilishly at me. His fingers gently rubbed the wet fabric against my aching clit.

His lips began once again to devour my neck and, between kisses, Daniel pressed his cheek to mine and whispered into my ear "Oh god, you're so wet." He pressed himself down against my body and I could feel that now he was completely hard and his cock was begging to be released from its denim confines. I reached down to unbutton my skirt and I shimmied out of it. He took the opportunity to peel off his t-shirt, revealing his firm chest and beautiful shoulders. I helped to unbutton his fly as he kicked off his shoes and socks. He was kneeling now, in only his boxers, looking down at me in nothing but my skimpy pair of panties. His eyes traced every curve of my trembling body. My breasts rising and falling with each deep breath. My back arched, anxiously awaiting the weight of his body pressing me down. My legs slightly open, preparing for his invasion.

Daniel leaned down, stared into my eyes for a moment, and placed a soft kiss on my lips. He wrapped his strong hands around my waist as he trailed down my body with his lips, placing one last kiss on my belly just above the waistband of my panties, as he slid his fingers under, slowly pulling them off me and tossing them to the floor where the rest of our sweat-soaked clothes were already resting. I eagerly helped him out of his boxers as well and couldn't help but let out a small gasp when I discovered what would be buried deep inside me in only a matter of moments.

His right hand had moved down and his thumb was now skillfully rubbing my clit while his mouth explored my inner thighs. Waves of pleasure like the aftershocks of an earthquake pulsed through my body, and he was only just getting started. I looked down at him to see why the kissing had stopped and at the moment my eyes met his, he circled my wet opening with his thumb and then plunged it inside me. I gasped again. As his thick thumb moved in and out of me, Daniel's tongue lapped at my clit and along the lips of my pussy. And even though it was dark, I could feel the intensity of his eyes as he continued to look up at me while his face was buried between my legs. A wave of orgasm twice as intense as the last hit me.

After a few last slow licks, he stopped, pulled his thumb from its warm hiding place, and resumed his place on top of me. He reached down and maneuvered his cock so that it was rubbing against my clit and sliding along the slick lips of my pussy. He pressed the tip of his cock to my eager hole, taunting it a bit and then finally, slowly, easing himself inside. I moaned loudly.

"Shhh... The neighbors will hear you," he teased. 

My laugh quickly turned to a squeal as he suddenly plunged into me all the way to the hilt. He stayed there for a moment and then slowly began moving in and out of me, gradually picking up speed with each thrust. My pussy couldn't get enough and I began to grind my hips against his, thrusting back each time. The sweat of our bodies mixed as his broad chest pressed against my breasts and my nipples became electrified every time his skin brushed against them.

Daniel lifted himself up above me and wrapped his arm beneath me at my waist, pulling me up with him. "I want to see you ride my cock," he whispered into my ear.

I looked at him and smiled, eager to comply with his wishes. I sat up and pushed his chest back so that he was sitting upright on the sofa. I straddled him, hovering over his impressive erection and letting the throbbing tip graze my pussy lips. His strong hands were wrapped around my waist and his big thumbs pressed into my abdomen. With each teasing stroke of my pussy against his aching shaft his squeeze tightened. I leaned down and flicked my tongue against his deep pink nipples, first the left and then the right. I sucked hard and peered up at him to see the face that had released a long, low moan.

My wet lips left his chest and began traveling down, over his washboard stomach and past his navel. I looked up at him again as I touched the tip of my pink tongue to the tip of his hard cock, swirling around the head slowly. My left hand grabbed his thigh while my right held his cock as I let my flat tongue sweep along the length of his shaft on all sides in long, slow strokes. Our eyes were locked on one another as I took him completely into my mouth, slowly wrapping my lips around the base and pressing my tongue against the underside of his cock. I could taste and smell myself on him. I began to bob my head up and down, sliding his thick, fleshy stick in and out of my hot mouth, my tongue lapping at him all the while. My right hand gently rubbed his balls as the tip of his cock brushed against the back of my throat. 

I could hear that he was enjoying himself, but I didn't want him to enjoy himself too much – not yet. I took one last slow lick and came back up into straddling position.

Gripping his cock firmly with my right hand, I guided him in to my still-sopping pussy. I slid down onto him. He fit into me so snugly and it felt so good to just feel him fill me up like that. I pressed my hands against his moist pecs while I began to move my hips back and forth with him buried deep inside of me. Daniel's hands moved to my ass, squeezing the soft mounds in his hands and pulling me closer to him. Gradually, I began to rise up and down on his stiff cock until I reached a point where I was bouncing on top of him. As I rode him I could feel my breasts move up and down with each thrust. I could feel his eyes watching them as they rose and fell at the mercy of gravity. He began moving his hips up to meet mine and his right hand held one breast to his mouth as he sucked my hard pink bud hungrily.

I began to ride him harder and faster. My hands shifted to the back of the sofa to keep me balanced. My moans were getting louder and faster, verging on yelps. His eyes closed and I could feel his body tensing up. I could feel my own orgasm brimming and I pushed myself to keep fucking him with all my strength. We were both so close.

"Oh god!" I screamed as my third orgasm exploded within me. Every nerve ending in my body quivered in ecstasy. Daniel took this as his cue to let go himself and I felt his thick cock release inside me.

We were both spent, not to mention sweating like animals. I leaned forward and rested my head on his shoulder,

"That was amazing!" Daniel said as soon as he'd recovered. "I'm glad I was out of C batteries."

"So, you think the neighbors really heard us?" I asked.

"God, I hope so," he smiled.