 We had just left a get together her parents were throwing. There was a blizzard warning in effect but we decided to go on through. Traveling down a narrow highway with nothing but forest on either side, it was another 300 miles to the city and the snow was getting very heavy. The road was laced with ice and snowdrifts were starting to build high on both sides.

Just remembering the crews in charge of clearing snow were on strike, the 2 of us realized we could not make it back. I pulled in onto a dirt road that was now covered in snow. There was a motel about 30 minutes down the road, so that's where we headed. Thinking that we would be able to rest there for the night, and get back home tomorrow, I drove slowly making sure to avoid any ice that laid in wait. We reached the motel only to find that it was vacant.... by the state that it was in it must have been closed down for years. It was quite obvious that we weren't going to get a room, so I turned the car and headed back to the highway. We didn't get far down the dirt road. A snow drift that must have been at least 7 feet high stood before us, there was no way I was able to drive through it. My girlfriend and I both knew we would be spending tonight the car.

I turned off the ignition and my girlfriend climbed into the back seat while I got some blankets and some food out of the trunk. I got in the back seat and curled up with her under the blankets. We spent the next little while talking to one another about this and that. Trying to make the best of the situation, I opened one of the two bottles of wine her mother gave us and poured some up. Before I realized it, we had the first bottle gone, and we were now on our second. The alcohol sent a warming sensation through my entire body, her tongue became quite loose and our topic of conversation became rather sexual.

Everything she said made my heart beat faster and faster, and that second bottle of wine didn't help the matter. I turned towards her and looked deep into her eyes, we could both see how badly we wanted each other, and the feeling overcame me.

I grabbed her and pulled her closer. My lips locked right on to hers, she moaned as I slowly slipped my tongue into her mouth to meet hers. The taste of her mouth was overwhelming. I felt the blood rushing into my cock. She unzipped my pants and pulled it out rubbing her hand up and down as she licked my tongue. I undid her bra and slowly moved my hand up her shirt. Her tits felt so warm, and her nipples were as hard as I was. She stopped kissing me and licked up the side of my face until she reached my ear, she then softly whispered, "fuck me". I didn't even have a chance to react, she pulled my pants down and took my rock hard dick into her mouth. I could feel her tongue massaging the bottom of my shaft as my head rubbed against the back of her throat. I couldn't take it anymore, I pushed her against the door and slid her pants off, I had to taste that sweet delicious pussy. My fingers found their way to her and I sucked her clit as I rubbed her on the inside. I looked up as her eyes went to the back of her head. She screamed at the top of her lungs, and I could feel her cum over my fingers again and again as she was thrusting her cunt at my mouth. The cum started to run out of her as she had one orgasm after another, it was the best thing I've ever tasted.

I told her to slide down until she was directly under me. I grabbed my cock and slowly pushed it inside her. It slid in and out as I fucked her soft and slowly, caressing her luscious tits as I ran my tongue up her neck. My cock felt so good inside her moist pussy. But when I looked at her, I knew she wanted more. She lifted her legs up and put them on my shoulders. My cock went deeper and deeper inside of her. I started to move faster and faster, harder and harder. She grabbed me and pulled me down closer. I took her tongue in my mouth and we started to kiss passionately as I fucked her. My cock was pounding the back of her cunt in sync with her screams. She had one arm around my neck, and with her other hand started rubbing her clit. She started to cum, she screamed and her pussy wrapped around and squeezed my dick. She knew I couldn't hold on much longer. I climbed of her and she immediately started to suck me off again. She wrapped her lips around the head of my cock as griped and stroked my shaft. She blew me off until I couldn't hold on anymore, I felt my hot cum spray to the back of her throat. She sucked every bit out of me and swallowed it all. 

By the end of it all both of us were completely beat out. She straddled me, wrapped her arms around my neck, put her head on my shoulder and told me she loved me. It was the best night of my life. 

I don't know if we will be able to get back to the city tomorrow, but if we cant I'm sure we'll be fine. There's a new battery in the car, lots of blankets and food. We will just have to spend another cold night in ecstasy,