 For Holly

Author's note: This is the first installment of a two section posting, each containing two parts. This is a long story, so be aware, but as readers of my other stories already know, it's always worth reading all the way through. I hope you all enjoy this one!

* * * * *

Part 1: Arriving by train and car

It had been raining all morning, the damp fertile ground yielding up a lush scent to all but the passing nose. As the train trundled through the lush verdant countryside, David looked out the window absent-mindedly, his thoughts filled with his destination and the amazing woman whom he would be meeting. He had always loved trains and for a trip arranged at the last minute this would work out the best. The half-read newspaper lay in his lap and the half-full coffee cup sat nearby unattended. His thoughts lingered on the girl at the end of the line and what remained to be done before meeting up with her. His eyes closed and again he pictured her as he had so often during the past few days of an unexpected business trip; her red hair and green eyes and sparkling smile, her tall athletic body, her terrific breasts, the joy of her laugh, and the warmth of her kiss all flooded his mind and stirred him deep inside his body.

As the train began to slow, he was jostled from his reverie. "Ladies and Gentlemen we are approaching Adrian," crackled the dry colorless recorded announcement over the intercom. The small city of Adrian was his destination. There weren't that many passengers, but the handful now getting off jumped up quickly and began to retrieve their carry-on bags and head down the aisle. But David waited in his window seat. He hadn't ridden all this way just to hurry up and wait while the others hustled into his path. He waited until all had exited and debarked, before he got up and slowly moved toward the exit, soon hearing the sounds of joy and happiness as a few reunions of lovers, friends, families, and others were met in heartfelt embrace. He smiled knowing that soon enough his own little reunion would surely stage an eclipse.

Via a quick shuttle from the train platform to The Blissfield, a quaint old-fashioned Victorian mansion operating as a Bed and Breakfast, up to the best room with a view on the second floor, his journey came to a end soon enough. As the key clicked in the door lock, David turned the polished brass doorknob, pushed the door open and took a deep sniff inside. He could see the sheer lace curtains flaring out from the breeze easing in through the partly opened windows. It smelled fresh and clean as he slipped inside and set his bags down by the large armoire and stepped into the room. It was large and luxurious, with elegant velvet-like drapes and a matching spread, tasteful vintage wallpaper, sumptuous Victorian furnishings, and lovely gilt-framed artwork. He ran his hand over the soft fabric on one of the chairs and observed how it seemed to be designed more for soft touch than wear. For a moment he felt as if transported back to another time and his deepest romantic notions began to stir.

Opening the door that led out to a private balcony, he stepped outside to take in the scene and found himself looking out onto a formal rose garden that was not yet blooming, yet looked ready any day. There was a pathway lined with wonderful topiary shrubs, whose greenery was fresh with the first blush of spring. The path wound through the garden and led off to the distance toward a small lake, with the sweeping hillside filling in the backdrop. The drenching morning rain had made the scene lush and renewed his romantic feelings and passion. He breathed the fresh air in deeply and then stepped back inside. With a quick survey of the room and a glance at his watch, he started into action, for there was much to do to ready the room and very little time before she would be here.

He quickly unpacked his clothes careful to leave plenty of room for her things. As inspiration for his endeavor, he pulled out her framed photograph and set it on the desk and spent a moment enjoying the warm feelings it produced. When he had pulled the photo from his bag, the last letter she had sent him slipped out and fell to the floor. He stooped down to pick it up and couldn't help but read it again.

"Dearest David, 

"Your letter arrived this morning, I've read it at least a hundred times. I'm so amazed by how much you've opened up to me, and so pleased to be on the receiving end of your feelings. I just hung up with you, still warm and tingling from the sound of your voice. I'm so happy I'll be seeing you again next week, after you're through with your trip. I look so forward to hearing your voice, and seeing your smile, and being in your arms. 

"I've enjoyed your love letters so much. It makes not being together a little more bearable. Your closing, 'Tenderly Yours Until We Speak Again' makes my heart melt every time. And knowing I'll be seeing you so soon, is making me smile constantly. Please don't blame yourself for our previous plans getting messed up, all that matters is I'll be seeing you just days from now. 

"I'll be seeing you, and kissing you, and touching you ... it's been too long, David. I can't wait for you to welcome me to our room, to bathe me, dress me up, and take me somewhere special where we can make long, caring, passionate love. I need to feel your breath on my face, your fingers on my skin, our bodies pressed against each other. 

"I have no idea what this will lead to. I can't promise forever, or even next year. I only know what I feel now, and how deep those feelings run, and for me nothing other than that, matters. Please know how much I care for you and long to see you. 

"Yours, Holly"

Reading her words again enflamed him and he felt a warm rush of emotion flow through his body. He had never before met someone like her and he too tingled at the prospect of seeing her again. Each time they had met there had been a theme, and this time it was supposed to be a special Valentine's Day celebration. But an unexpected lengthy business trip had forced a delay in plans and now a month later, they were finally going to meet again. He just felt inside that it would be all right this time, and could not wait to hear her knock at the door.

A long hot shower in the modern stall in the corner of the bathroom washed away the taste of travel and the lingering memories of his trip. He stood under the steamy torrent, hair drenched and streaming down over his forehead, his eyes closed as thoughts and images of Holly swept over him. His hands rubbed along with the water brushing away the old, bringing a flush glow to his broad shoulders, slender waist, trim muscled chest, abdomen and legs.

His cock twinged with selfish anticipation, filling with its own eager excitement. His small taut nipples tingled as his fingertips teased with them, his whole body feeling like an undulating erogenous zone, each stretch of hungry flesh, each eager muscle and organ brought to a heightened sense of awareness. His eyes closed and his mind was consumed by the passion, the flaming urge that had drawn him here, the images of desire and need that had haunted him for years. And through it all hovered the smiling face of Holly, the memory of her touch, and the sound of her moan as they had made love.

The razor glided over his cock and its nether brothers, their hot pink flesh turning scarlet, their smooth soft tender skin made clean-shaven, and prepared and impatient for what is to come. For several minutes he remained under the hot blast, the stream of water like a stiff brush on his shoulders and back, his chest and belly, simply reveling in the sense of the moment, with no thought of the future, the past, just the here and now.

When the shower was extinguished, the towel quenched away the dampness; his hair was tousled dry, primped and made obedient. Then the cheeks and chin and neck join their southern cousins, shorn of stubble and nub. The scent was applied, Tommy H this time, and his mouth finally curled into a self-satisfied smile. Turning the head left then right, he looked for those boyish dimples that used to crease the cheeks so impishly. The passing years had added a few extra lines and creases, but an invigorated sparkle still lived in his eyes. A laugh erupted from his throat as he emerged naked from the steam and swelter to the cool sterile chill of the room.

"This will not do," complained his cock that retreated seeking warmth. A quick adjustment to the thermostat and an ensuing blast of warm forced air attended to that minor crisis. David moved naked about the room making sure that everything was set. The clothes were put away, the chairs and table set just so. The toys were laid out and arranged on the bed; the blindfold, the fur-lined restraints, the ostrich feather, the pot of massage oil.

He gently fingered the sheer white lingerie, musing over the creamy, dreamy flesh that would give it such a wonderful shape and form and life; the great breasts and the sweet cleft below. The pale yellow flowered print dress was laid out and spread carefully on the bed. He stood back and admired the arrangement of clothes and accessories. Buying things for a woman the first time was always an adventure and he prayed that everything fit perfectly.

Music, he thought suddenly. We'll need music! He pulled out the briefcase and began to unpack the player, the speakers, and the collection of CDs. Jazz, rock, romantic favorites, and a favorite compilation of Sinatra for when it was time roll out the big artillery.

David retrieved the scented candles and set them out in the room and the bath, lighting them as he went. The toiletries were arranged in the bath, the bubble bath, the soap and shampoo, the loofah, and the delicate razor. He closed his eyes and inhaled deeply the scent of jasmine and he knows it is time for him to dress. What should I start with, he asked aloud, the dark navy silk boxers or the skimpy black briefs? The boxers won round one.

Shall I be fully dressed or simply add a robe, he asked himself. A favorite golf shirt and crisp pair of slacks took the decision in round two. He checked the drape of the shirt on his chest and the fit of the slacks in the large freestanding mirror. Sure they had met before, but will he satisfy the image she has developed over the past few weeks of her own surging anticipation; the interesting face, far from pretty boy sweet, the hazel eyes twinkling, and the smile not too broad and goofy. 

Then he thought about Holly, this beautiful young girl, and him, easily old enough to be her father, and mused over the nature of their attraction. She wasn't the kind of girl who normally went for guys like him. He was okay with his looks, but easily admitted to not being the most handsome guy in the world; he lived comfortably, but wasn't rich by any means; he had a nice circle of good friends, but was no celebrity. But then she was so unlike the other women whom he had known and loved over the years. She had youth and spirit and beauty and intelligence and was lovingly attracted to him. It was as if the day they had met the balance of nature had tilted off its normal axis into his favor, and he knew there was no holding back a thing. Then he chuckled thinking about how the days and hours had dwindled down now to minutes and the knock of room service reverberated.

The champagne cart arrived early, but before the waiter hustled off with his gratuity, he surveyed the room, checking out the clothes and toys, then grinned broadly. "Good luck, Sir," he said with a smile and a wink.

David took another survey of the room and a glance at his watch as the champagne settled down into the ice. He stepped back outside for a moment, hoping that some fresh air would take the edge off his anticipation. A warm southerly breeze had brushed off the dampness of the morning rain, mussing his hair down into his eyes, making him turn to face it, his eyes squinting. Several deep breaths brought no end to the jittery sense of impending delight inside him, so long anticipated and planned and now minutes or even seconds away.

Leaving the door open just a crack, he stepped back inside the scented room, a romantic glow making it seem like a world far away from the one he left that morning, and the one she had left as well. The stage was set; the cast was assembling. He slumped into one of the soft comfortable chairs, his legs sprawled loosely, belying his tense anticipation. "Like the old song goes," he said aloud, "All I really need is the girl!"

A moment later there was a knock at the door and David stood slowly and moved lazily over to the door. Not wanting to look too anxious or eager, he took a deep breath, tried to curl his mouth into a relaxed smile, and then turned the door handle. With a nod of her head and a little tilt to the side, a lovely smile spread across Holly's face. Her gorgeous red hair and bright green eyes lit up the hallway. Wearing a pale blue sweater over khaki Capri pants, she struck a sweet but sexy pose, her wonderful curves and long legs angled so tantalizingly. When she smiled and licked her lips, he tried to stammer a greeting, but the words stumbled out of his mouth unintelligible and she nearly laughed out loud.

"Aren't you going to ask me in?" she blurted out, her sweet breathy voice teasing his ears. 

He simply waved his hand toward the room and she wheeled her bags inside and set them beside the armoire. She looked the room over as she stepped toward the windows, her eyes lingering on the bed where the finery was laid out.

"Looks like you're expecting someone, David," she said, pulling the curtains aside to take in the view.

"I am," he said. "The most beautiful girl in the world."

"You're sweet, but you can't be talking about me," she laughed.

"There's no one else here but you," he said stepping up behind her. "Whom else could I be talking about?"

"The room is beautiful, David," she said, turning about and easing her body into his open arms, slipping her fingers over the muscles of his arms and shoulders. "And aren't you a beautiful hunk of man!"

"It is so wonderful to see you again, Holly," he said, pulling her close. "I've missed you."

"I feel the same," she said tossing her head back and nestling up closer to him, and pressing her belly and breasts up against him.

"Darlin', you are so beautiful," he replied, his hands slipping down behind her waist.

"Lover, did I ever tell you how much it turns me on when you call me Darlin'?" she asked bringing her lips closer to his.

"About a hundred times," he said. "About as often as I told you about the way you call me lover."

Their faces were a breath apart, their noses were barely touching, and their eyes were locked on each other.

"Darlin'," he whispered.

"Lover," she replied in a voice even softer that burned into him.

Their lips brushed lightly and their tongues quickly made an introduction as their arms wrapped around each other. David could feel the electric warmth pass from her body into his as their kiss turned wild and passionate. After the days of yearning, they were together; the emotions were finally rising to the surface; their hands moved up and down each other's backside, touching, feeling, and exploring. Their mouths hungrily pressed together, his tongue pushing its way into her mouth. He could feel her body shiver as they let themselves go for a moment or two.

"How was that?" she asked huskily as they parted for a breath.

"Nice!" he mumbled. "Pretty darned nice!"

"Pretty darned nice!" she laughed. "I practically suck your tongue down my throat and you call it pretty darn nice?"

He stood there feeling helpless as she took a step back. After all of the glib and witty and heartfelt love letters he had written, pouring out his heart to her and he could think of nothing to say.

"Maybe you should let your cock do your talking for you," she said bringing her hand up to his crotch. "Mmm, feels like at least part of you likes me!"

"Gives me away every time," he laughed. "Say, how about some champagne?"

"I thought you'd never ask," she replied stepping over to a chair and taking a seat.

David expertly opened the bottle of champagne and poured them each a glass. He stepped over to the chair where she was seated and handed her a glass. She smiled and took it appreciatively. He gazed down at her sitting there, her long legs lightly crossed, the champagne glass suspended from her long fingers delicately, and he felt so lucky to be the one sharing this weekend rendezvous.

"Cheers!" he said.

She nodded and they each took a sip.

"Very nice!"

"Very nice!" he said sitting in the other chair. "A bottle of Dom Perignon and she says very nice!"

They laughed together and for a moment looked at each other. Their smiles melted away and were replaced by a lingering loving look. For several minutes they sat silently, looking into each other's eyes, sipping champagne, and listening to the John Coltrane compilation disc. A couple of times, it looked as if she was going to say something, but bit her lip or sipped her champagne instead. David finally broke their silence.

"How was your drive over?" he asked.

"Too long," she replied. "I couldn't wait to get here, but now that I am it's quite worthwhile."

"Maybe I should draw the bath for you," he said getting up from the chair. "You must want to freshen up from your trip."

Holly simply nodded and looked on as he ambled toward the bathroom. The tub was a large old-fashioned claw-foot style with gorgeous brass fixtures, which he filled with plenty of bubble bath and warm water. Even with the early afternoon sun, the bathroom lighting seemed too bright, so he retreated to the room and pulled out a couple of extra candles for illumination. Once they were set up and lit, the room was filled with a rosy amber glow that seemed more gentle and romantic. Once the bath was set, he moved back out into the room. She was standing by the dresser looking over the stack of CDs, having unpacked her things into the armoire and dresser. He stepped up behind her and placed his hands on her shoulders. He felt her shiver again as he slipped his hands down along her arms then around to her stomach. 

"Madam's bath is ready," he announced with the fake British accent of a butler.

She leaned back into him, letting her head fall backward alongside his face, her red hair brushing against his cheek. He pulled his hands up and cupped her breasts for a moment. He could feel her nipples tighten up as his fingers gently caressed her sensitive flesh. She set her glass down and rested her hands on top of his for a moment before slowly turning around to face him.

"I'm ready whenever you are, Cheeves," she said, her voice still husky with passion. She raised her hands up over her head and smiled coyly. When he simply stood there, she tapped her foot playfully. "Silly boy, you need to undress me before you give me a bath you know."

"Yes, I guess that is necessary," he replied haltingly. "I was just thinking."

"Well, now is the time for doing, not thinking," she reminded him. "But you remember your promise? No fooling around till we've finished eating.

He nodded and reached to the bottom of her pale blue sweater and began to tug it up slowly toward her shoulders revealing a dainty white lace bra. The pink curves of her breasts swelled up with each breath that she took and her nipples were clearly visible through the sheer lace. He admired the light dusting of freckles on her shoulders. His tongue poked out from his mouth slightly as he thought about playing connect the dots with her freckles. He pulled her sweater over her head and off, tossing it onto the bed. She shook her head to let her hair fall freely about her shoulders as his fingers danced down over her body toward her waist. His hands moved down to her khaki Capri pants and quickly had them unfastened and unzipped. He eased them down from her hips and squatted down to take them the rest of the way. He looked up at her face, his eyes lingering on the pale flesh of her thighs, the matching white lace thong, and the supple curves of her belly. He let his eyes linger over every part of her, each curve and nuance of her body creating a new feeling, a greater sense of excitement than the previous.
