 Ever since I was a young woman, I've been curious about cocks; the way the feel both in my cunt and especially in my mouth. It always surprises me when I strip the man I am with and unwrap his "gift" to me. I LOVE the different sizes, big and small, thick and thin; every single one is a surprise and I LOVE to suck them all. My first "serious" boyfriend, he could have sworn I wasn't a virgin only because of my amazing oral skills... too bad he didn't last very long. 

I'm not a slut by any means, just love oral sex and went through many men. I am very sexual person, but in the bedroom it is strictly about my partner, not myself. At age 24 I met a man that rocked my world...

It was summer, my husband at the time was a poor slob, he really didn't realize how unhappy I was. Through my husband I met a completely dreamy man, but he was married as well. At 25 and standing 6'1"(give or take 2-3") he towered over me... but I've always kind of liked that. 

He was married to a... well, I'll be polite and not mention my real feelings about his wife, but she wasn't good. She always suspected that there was something more than friendship, but there never was... just friendship with an EXTREME sexual tension. Maybe that's what she was picking up on, but I couldn't tell you for sure.

Because of his wife, he and I drifted apart because well, I was tired of defending myself to her constant accusations. It was just stupid. But, by chance, he commented on something my brother's ex-girlfriend posted and we just happened to re-connect. It was great and it felt like absolutely no time had passed between us.

I was nervous about talking to him again, I didn't know the status between him and his wife. Thank goodness he told me that they were no longer together and he had only limited time around her due to their son. I could have screamed in joy! I FINALLY was going to get the opportunity to get him in bed!

We sat up all night talking on the computer, I TRIED to get him to call me on the phone, but he's such a stubborn ass, he wouldn't give in... I have never met someone as stubborn as I am but I knew that was part of the attraction. As we were talking, I asked if he'd like to see me because I had a webcam, being it had been 2 YEARS since he'd seen me, of course he said yes. I just so happened to be taking a shower, so I turned my webcam on and gave him a peep show, he couldn't believe his good fortune!!

As I'm lathering myself up, I'm also kneeling down to type to him... I couldn't resist tormenting this incredibly dreamy man! I've always wanted to take a bite out of him every single time I've seen him... You'll have to forgive my rambling on about him, but he's the FINEST man I've seen.

So, after giving him a peep show, we said our goodbyes and left it at that. A few hours later, I noticed him online again; I couldn't resist. I couldn't remember if I had my tongue pierced when we were hanging out before or not, so I turned my webcam on again and showed him. I also told him that I had picked up some skills and I would love to try them out on him. Of course he loved that idea, said he hadn't gotten any love in quite a few months; so as the good friend I am, I suggested we get together so I could help him out. Plus, I wanted to see just how big he was. Like I said, he's hot. We decided to get together the very next day.

I picked him up from his house since I was out in town anyway and we went to my place. We simply chatted it up for a few hours; I wanted so badly to have him in my mouth, but I was waiting for him to make one little move so I knew he wanted the same thing. After about 3 cups of coffee with him he finally pulled me in for a kiss, bit my lip and said "suck me".... I couldn't have been more over-joyed if he carried me to the bedroom! Here I am a woman standing 5'6" and this incredibly sexy man wanted his cock in MY mouth! I couldn't wait!!

I unbuckled his belt, slid him out of his jeans and boxers (I was hoping he was comando! Darn!!) He was already so hard... YUM!! I started licking and stroking his nice firm cock. I asked him if he'd ever had a decent blow job. He said he hadn't so I knew I needed to do a very very good job. 

I ran my tongue up and down his cock; licking it like it was a popsicle, slowly running up and down his amazing length. He had told me he was big, but I was quite shocked! I loved the feel of his cock in my mouth, on my tongue. He asked me if I swallowed; I told him honestly enough, it depended on my mood. 

Up and down his cock I slid... I didn't leave any section untouched by my tongue. Grateful the powers that be gave me a big mouth (I can fit a black plum in my mouth and still close my lips! It's a great conversational piece.) and virtually no gag reflex, I took his throbbing member into my mouth to the hilt... "God! He's HUGE!!" Rubbing my tongue ring in a zig-zag pattern, I moved up and down his manhood. "MMMMMM" I moaned around his perfectly shaped cock. All he could do is smile and sigh.

I loved his cock: the shape, the texture, the way it curved; he was definitely a mouth full and then some. As I assaulted him with my tongue, I would also use my hand to increase his pleasure; twisting and turning, I made sure he had plenty of lubrcation as to not cause any friction from the fast pace in which I was jacking him off. I then resumed the assault with my tongue at a fevered pace. Up and down his shaft, around and around, zigzagging my tongue ring making sure that every inch was covered; I wanted to make sure this was something he would never forget.

Humming slightly everytime I was at the hilt and and quickly licking his head, I varied my pace and technique. He was my lollypop and I was determined to make his senses soar. Round and round, up and down, I felt unstoppable. His sighs of pleasure encouraging me, I knew he was having a good time.

I finally grabbed him by the hand and lead him to the bedroom so I could make him even more comfortable, since we hadn't made it there first. I laid him back and nudged his legs further apart. He was so gigantic! I had to take a moment to enjoy the sight of him laying back in expectation before I slicked him up with some saliva and went back to jacking him off... he moaned in pleasure. I never took my mouth far away just incase he came, and even though I was jacking him, my tongue was constantly licking his exposed head. Faster and faster my pace went. I wanted his cum. Between the hand job and the fellatio I didn't know how much longer he was going to last.

Placing my mouth on his cock again, I made sure to push his limits of pleasure, and this time I was NOT letting up. I was bobbing and weaving, zig-zagging my tongue, sliding up and down his cock. I couldn't resist myself. He was climbing my walls at this point, just as I had told him he would. I was twisting my neck this way and that to make him wild and finally he whispered in a ragged voice those magic words... "I'm gonna cum." Eagerly I sucked his cock, I wanted him to explode in my mouth. He didn't fail to disappoint me as a few seconds after he uttered those magic words, I felt the warm explosion of sweet, salty, man juice in my mouth. I sucked every ounce of cum I could get out of him and continued tonguing him. He sat up, trembling, looked me dead in the eye, and said he couldn't take any more of my tongue torture.

"So," I said, "How was it?"

"Given the fact that I don't think I can stand right now... Oh my god!"

"Told you I learned some new things," I said giving him another hungry look. "I hope we can do this again very soon."

"As good as that was," he said, "You can suck me any time you want."

Smiling, I helped him dress and took him back home. My thoughts were about the amazing 4 hours we spent together... And I hope I can suck him off again REAL soon.

Did I mention, I love giving blow jobs?