 Journal Entry: Thursday, February 23, 1989 - The Blizzard of '89.

Editor's note: I'm posting some of the journal entries from my college years. In case you were wondering the stories are true. Cheers!  *

It was one of those mid winter days that made you almost think spring might be in the air. Steve and Pete had both graduated after fall semester and I was living on my own. It had warmed up enough to start to rain late in the day. The rain didn't amount to much more than a mist, not even enough to melt the snow. I happened to hear a weather report late in the day and they were saying we might get some heavy snow that night. 

Sure enough, around 10:00 the rain started changing to snow. Wanting to be prepared for the worst, I grabbed my sled and headed uptown for supplies just in case. Word on the street was that classes might be canceled. I found that 2 cases of beer fit nicely on my sled. Now prepared for the worst, I headed back home. It was starting to really come down. There was probably already 3 or 4 inches of new snow on the ground. 

I decided to stop by and see how my fuck buddy, Patty, was holding up. She shared an apartment with my best friend's girlfriend, Pat, and two other girls, Kathy and Karen. It was snowing pretty hard. Just as I got there the electricity went out. And stayed out. The girls had been listening to the radio and were pretty uptight. Their apartment had electric heat and they thought they were going to freeze. We drank a few beers and thought about it. I didn't think it was going to be a problem but I invited them over to my apartment as I had a gas stove we could use to keep warm. Besides, if we drank enough beers I might get into a pair of panties or two. 

We trudged through snow that was by now waist deep in places and drifting. We made it to my place and broke out the beer. We all got good and drunk while listening to the winds howl outside. According to the radio it was the worst snow of the century. School was already canceled so we partied well into the night. 

Karen and Cathy wanted to crash. I had the same two bedroom apartment I had shared with Steve and Pete so they claimed the empty bedroom. I told Pat and Patty they could have my room, I'd crash on the couch. 

Pat & Patty and I had one last beer and they hit the sack. I headed out to the kitchen to check on the gas oven. We had used it to heat the apartment but I didn't want to let it run all night. It was probably half an hour later when I heard someone come in to the kitchen. I had expected Patty to join me for a little bedtime snack. 

"Hey baby," I said, turning to embrace her, "what took you so long?" 

"You were expecting me?" she asked, surprised. 

I looked again and it wasn't Patty, it was Pat. "I was hoping you'd join me," I replied. She gave me the look and we fell together in a deep, wet kiss. Our tongues fought to see who got to invade the other's mouth. We took turns exploring each others mouth as she rubbed her tits against my chest. She was wearing panties and a t-shirt. I had just reached under her t-shirt and was lifting it up to expose her tits when Patty walked in on us. 

"What's going on in here?" she asked. 

Pat pushed me away and pretended to be warming herself at the stove. "Not much," she said, "I just came in to get warm and make sure Jeff was doing his job." 

"You can head back to bed if you want," Patty told her, "I'll keep Jeff company." I could tell Pat was disappointed and I was pissed but we weren't in a position to complain. "I suppose you were going to cheat on me with your best friend's girlfriend," she smiled as she slipped into my arms. 

"You know me," I replied, "I've never been able to turn down a good piece of ass." 

"Good," she said, "then you won't turn this down." She grinned as she unbuttoned her shirt and let it fall to the floor. 

"As always," I sighed, cupping her massive tits, "those are magnificent." 

We started making out and, while I was still upset at missing my chance at finally getting to bang Pat, Patty was a reasonable substitute. By the time Patty dropped to her knees and started sucking my cock, I had almost forgotten about her roommate. She was an excellent cock sucker and tonight was no exception. I grabbed the back of her head and helped by fucking her face.

I didn't feel like blowing a load all over her face in the kitchen so I pulled her up, stripped off her panties and boosted her up on the kitchen counter. I was pretty tall, 6-3, and, sitting on the counter put her pussy at a perfect height for fucking. She spread her legs and propped her feet up on the counter, providing a wide open pussy for me. I took full advantage of her offering and drove my cock deep into her warm, wet pussy. We ground ourselves together and made out for several minutes, savoring the sensation of my cock filling her pussy. 

"So far I'm liking this blizzard a lot," Patty sighed as I started sliding my engorged cock in and out of her pussy. 

"Me too," I replied, picking up my pace a bit. Patty started moaning softly as we fucked. When I felt her pussy start to contract around my cock I let go and shot her a nice load of hot sticky cum. 

"Thanks baby," she said as I helped her down off the counter, "I better get back in there before Pat comes looking for me." We kissed goodnight and I crashed on the couch.

Journal Entry: Friday, February 24, 1984

I woke up around noon when the girls began to stir. The snow was pretty deep and the electricity was still out but the girls wanted to go home. "If the electricity is still off tonight feel free to come on back," I told them, "I have plenty of beer left."

"You guys go on, " Pat told her roommates as they , "I feel bad; I'm going to stay and help Jeff clean up." 

I could see Patty about to object but Pat gave her a look and she turned and followed the other girls out. "Thanks for the help," I told Pat as I closed the door behind them, "but the place isn't that messy."

She went over and locked the door. "That's good," she grinned, "because the only work I plan on doing is in the bedroom." 

"Oh," I smiled, "I get it." 

"You're going to get it, she replied as she dropped her pants, "now where were we when we were interrupted last night?" 

"Correct me if I'm wrong, " I said, walking up to her and putting my hands under her shirt, "but I was just about to do this."

I lifted up her shirt and cupped her tits. She hadn't put her bra on this morning. They felt better than I had imagined. She lifted her arms up and I pulled her shirt up over her head. I stood back and gazed at her wonderful tits. They weren't nearly as big as Patty's but neither were they a bit flabby. They stood straight out and a bit up. Her cute little nipples, which were already rock hard and ready, pointing slightly up. 

"Sweet holy fuck!" I exclaimed, "your tits are beautiful, just like you."

She actually blushed as she shyly thanked me. I grabbed her hand and led her to the bedroom. She lost her panties along the way. 

The first thing I noticed was a fourth bra hanging above my headboard. "I hope you don't mind," Pat smiled as she saw me looking at them, "but Patty told me what those bras signified so I went ahead and added mine to the wall." 

"No problem at all," I replied, "You might not know this but I've wanted to do you from the moment Steve introduced us." 

"I can believe it," she smiled, "because I've wanted to do you too. Does that make me bad?"

"I suppose that all depends," I told her as I picked her up and tossed her on the bed. 

"Depends on what?" she giggled as she spread her legs and ran her hands up and down her naked body. 

"It depends on how bad you want to get," I smiled as I crawled into bed with her. I ran my tongue up her body, stopping to circle her lovely tits. 

"I think we're going to get very bad," she moaned as I started sucking her tits. "Fuck, that feels good, baby," she added. 

"Your tits are even better than I ever dreamed about," I sighed, pressing them together and shaking my head back and forth, licking from nipple to nipple. Her tits weren't quite big enough to get both nipps in my mouth at the same time so I took turns sucking one then the other. Pat was moaning louder and louder. 

"I'm kinda glad Patty interrupted us," she sighed as I ran my tongue down her tight tummy, "I would have hated to try to keep quiet while you did this to me." "Oh fuck, " she cried as my tongue slid between her pussy lips, "fuck, fuck, fuck."

I licked down and circled the rim of her asshole and returned my tongue back into her gushing pussy. Her moans turned to screams and she squeezed my head between her legs as she started to cum. 

"You really know how to use your tongue," she moaned as she struggled to catch her breath. 

"And I'm just getting started," I replied as I lightly licked droplets of cum from her pussy lips.

"Oh baby!" she exclaimed, running her hands through my hair, "Patty said you were good but she didn't say you were this good." 

"Hang on babe," I said, running my tongue up and down her snatch, "We're getting warmed up." A sharp cry was forced from her lips as I took a swipe at her asshole before running my tongue back up her pussy and teasing her clit. I pulled her clit with my lips and bit down lightly. She started to scream louder than before. Just as her orgasm started to subside I slid a couple of fingers into her juicy pussy. As I started to finger fuck her pussy her orgasm turned into a double. I ate her through one of the longest and loudest orgasms I'd ever been part of. 

"Stop, please," she begged as I probed my tongue slowly in and out of her pussy, "I don't think I can take another orgasm like that." 

"I know one way to find out," I said as tickled her clit with the tip of my tongue. 

"Don't you want to fuck me, baby?" she moaned.

"Oh we're going to fuck," I grinned, "it's just a matter of how many times you're gonna cum first. I've always been fascinated by the female ability to have multiple orgasms. You might as well relax and take advantage of it." 

"If you're sure," she moaned as I began to probe her pussy with my tongue. 

Pat was recovering from her third or forth orgasm when the phone rang. I picked it up and it was Patty asking for Pat. "She's around here somewhere," I told her, stalling for time so Pat could catch her breath, "let me go find her." 

I winked and handed the phone to Pat; her breathing was just about back to normal. They spoke for several minutes. Pat pushed me away several times as I tried to eat her pussy.

"What's up?" I asked when she hung up the phone. 

"Frank's coming to pick them up and she wanted to know if I wanted to be rescued with them," she told me as I licked from her asshole to her clit and back again.

"Did you tell them you needed rescued?" I grinned, between licks. 

"What do you think?" she moaned as she held my head and rotated her pussy up and down my face. "Actually," she added between moans, "I talked to Steve this morning. He has to work today but he's going to come pick me up tomorrow. He told me to call you if I needed anything."

"Cool, " I said, "did you need anything?"

"Uh-huh, " she moaned, as my tongue grazed the rim of her asshole, "I need your cock inside my pussy."

"Right now?" I asked. 

She pulled me to her sweet, warm pussy and started fucking my face again. "What the fuck," she cried, as she started to cum again, "we do have all day."

I nibbled her clit until her body was trembling then moved my tongue to her pussy to lick up her cum. "I don't know how many more of those I can take?" she sighed as she struggled to catch her breath. 

"Hopefully a few dozen, " I replied. 

"You always know what to say to make a girl feel good," she laughed, "but we're not going any further until I see your big cock Patty's been bragging about." She pushed my face from her pussy and sat up. "Gimme, gimme, " she giggled, "what do you have, 7 inches?" 

It was interesting that she thought 7 inches was a big cock. I rolled over on my back and unbuttoned my pants. "I'm sure she was exaggerating," I told her, "I don't think I'm that big." 

She crawled down my body and slowly pulled down my zipper. "Oh sweet mercy!" she exclaimed as my 10" cock sprang free. 

"Is there a problem?" I asked, "not big enough for you?" 

She gobbled down my cock, nearly choking on it before replying, "If Patty had told me you had a monster like this, I'd have been over here fucking you months ago. Your cock is magnificent. Come to mama!" 

She ran her tongue up and down my shaft. She was a good little cock sucker. "Oh fuck that's good!" I exclaimed as she managed to take in most of my cock. 

She slowly worked me back out and said, "With a little practice, I think I can swallow your whole cock."

"Feel free to practice all you like, babe," I told her, "we have all day." 

"And you feel free to cum in my mouth any time you like," she replied, "I love the taste of cum." She began sucking my cock with long, deep strokes while swirling her tongue around my tender tip. I stroked her hair while she sucked my dick. 

"You keep that up, babe," I sighed, "and your wish is going to come true." She methodically sucked my cock, sensing when I was about to cum then backing off, running her tongue down the shaft of my cock or sucking my balls before starting all over again. "Fuck, you're good, baby," I moaned as I felt the cum start to rise at the base of my cock, "Here I cum, baby." 

She grinned and sucked harder, swirling her tongue around the tip of my cock. I grabbed the back of her head and held on while I filled her mouth full of cum. The horny slut sucked every drop, swallowed, and kept right on sucking my cock, not giving me a chance to go soft on her. 

"You really love cock," I observed, stroking her hair. 

"I love your cock," she said, "I've been dreaming of it for months." 

"Do you want to go all the way then?" I grinned.

"What kind of girl do you think I am?" she replied.

"A hot fucking cum slut who can't wait for me to stuff her pussy fuller than its ever been stuffed before," I told her. 

She rolled over on her back and spread and legs wide. She reached down and spread her pussy lips for me. "It's good to see you have me pegged right," she grinned. "Take it kinda slow at first, honey, " she added with a wink, "I'm not used to taking a cock that fucking large. Yet." 

I slid the tip of my cock between her pussy lips and ever so slowly eased into her wet, throbbing pussy. "We're just going to have to practice 2 or 3 times a week," I smiled as my cock almost imperceptibly deeper into her slowly expanding cunt. 

"You bet your sweet ass we are," she moaned, "or more." She was rubbing her clit while I slowly filled her pussy with meat. When I was about half way home she started to cum. I fucked her pussy with the first half of my cock until her orgasm subsided. "Emm, more, " she purred. 

"More what?" I asked, "more cock or more times a week?" 

"Both, " she cried and she grabbed my ass cheeks and pulled my cock all the way inside, thrusting her hips forward to meet me. We ground ourselves together while she came again. 

"I have a couple other appointments," I explained when her eyes fluttered back open, "I have Patty on Sunday, Tuesday, and Thursday nights and Robin on Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday." 

"How about every weekday at noon?" she suggested as I slowly fucked her pussy, "Steve is usually only in town on the weekends." 

"That sounds cool," I told her, "and Robin has been acting a bit cold ever since she caught me fucking Susie so perhaps we can get together a few evenings too."

"Sorry to hear that, " she sighed. 

"I could see it coming," I replied, "she was a lot of fun to fuck but she was looking for a guy to settle down and that ain't me." 

"Her loss is my gain, " she moaned, "fuck me hard for a while, darling." 

I did and she did and together we did all night long and into the next morning when she had to leave to meet Steve. We had a date for the following Monday, weather permitting.