 You commented that you were still floating from the experience. I was just enjoying the fragrance of you in the air and the taste of you on my lips. My thoughts were alternating between what might happen next and what had just happened. 

I was trying to figure out whether there was one big orgasm, a few orgasms along the way, or some combination of both. I was hoping I hadn't brought you to the edge without satisfying you. By the pulses of your body and the intensity of your moans, I figured you were pleased. And I thought you would let me know if you needed something more. So I resolved not to worry about it. I also realized the evening's fun might end here due to time restraints. That would have been okay. I was really happy with how things were turning out. Yes, I was hoping there would be more, but I didn't want to force the issue.

My still hard cock got stiffer as you sat up and commented on my condition. Even as you talked about "releasing the beast," I didn't want to assume anything, so I decided to take my cues from you. Besides, it was fun having you undress me.

I was very relaxed about the situation. At the same time, my cock and balls were hypersensitive. I knew it was going to be an intense experience. Looking at you, naked and leaning over me was an incredible turn-on. I wondered what it would be like to watch you lower you beautiful body on my cock and watch it disappear between your legs. I wondered what it would be like to feel you slowly ride up and down my shaft and how easy it would be to suck on your breasts at the same time.

After watching my pants, belt, boxers and socks sail through the air, I decided to just lay back and enjoy. I remember some nice touching and then feeling the warm wetness of your tongue on my balls.

The sensation sent a jolt through my body. It made me stretch out my torso and reach for something to grab onto with my right hand. I got a fist full of pillow and bedspread. I could have used a bedpost. The thought of being tied to one right now crossed my mind, and was appealing to me. 

Time to think was short because my body got another jolt as you took my left ball into your mouth and sucked on it. The sensation was perfect. Pleasure on the edge of pain, and not further. I couldn't think of anything as you sucked one and then moved to the other. My mind was blanked by waves of pleasure. 

As you stopped sucking and licked me for just a bit, I noticed I wasn't quite as hard. I knew my cock was still big, but I no longer felt the strain on my skin. That surprised me given the pleasure of just moments ago.

That thought hadn't passed for but a moment when I felt your mouth engulf me. You sucked from the shaft to the tip once, paused, and then did it again. At the end of the second pass, I felt the strain of a full-blown hard-on against the skin of my cock. 

I leaned up for a moment to watch. Your hair was draped in front you and I couldn't see much else in the dim light. But the image of your head bobbing up and down and the sensation of so much of my cock going in you mouth gave me enough of an image to fill in the blanks.

I liked the slow, long trip your mouth made along my cock. The more I focused on it, the more I felt like I was going to come. My body started to tense up and my hips thrust up towards your head. Again, I grabbed for something to hold and came up with bedspread.

I think you had made just three or four passes from the base of my cock to the head. I knew I was going to come any second. For a moment, I wanted to hold back and make it last, but the sensation was too wonderful to resist. I remember moaning and my body started to pulse. It crossed my mind that I had no idea whether I should give you some kind of warning. Before I could do anything with that thought, I felt my balls moving and pushing a gush of cum through my shaft. 

Even though it takes just a split second, I could feel the first wave traverse through every millimeter of my cock. I felt my cum shoot into your mouth and then on my shoulder and chest as you raised your head to watch the rest of the show. All thoughts left my mind as I pulsed again and again. 

It couldn't have been more than a few seconds, but it felt like a few minutes. Then you said, "that was fast" and it made me laugh. My entire body felt satisfied and my mind was racing. I was a bit embarrassed, but in a good way. 

Upon reflection, I've come to realize that completely gave myself over to you. That was a turn on. I was in good hands, and lips, and mouth. I really liked emptying myself of thought, expectation, and control. I can't remember a time when I allowed myself to let go like that and received such total pleasure. 

Thank you.