 She walks up to the hotel door and raps three times. She feels the butterflies in her stomach as she awaits her lover to answer the door. It has been several weeks since their last "meeting" and she is anxious to be with him again. She feels her heart pounding when she hears the door being unlocked. A surreal feeling overcomes her as she sees this sexy man once again. The quiet, usual pleasantries are exchanged when she walks in the room past him. She lays her purse down and turns to look at him with a hunger in her eye that only he can satiate. 

They move towards each other and embrace in a soft yet demanding hug. They both take a step back, looking at each other, both noting the need in the others' eyes. She takes her hand, running it up his arm to his shoulder and walks behind him. She wraps her arms around his torso, her hands resting on chest. She presses her chest against him as she kisses the nape of his neck. Lightly using her tongue against his fresh-smelling skin and then exhaling her warm breath against the wetness. She feels his body harden in response to the warmth of her breath. She leans her head to the side, licking the bottom of his earlobe. She kisses that sensitive spot right behind his ear. Finally taking the lobe in her mouth sucking on it pulling his head back with it. She whispers lightly in his ear how much she has missed the touch of his caresses and the feel of his tongue on her clit. He leans his head back in reaction to this as she nuzzles his neck with more kisses.

Her hands run down his chest, unbuttoning the shirt along the way. She tugs on the shirt pulling it from those worn jeans that he fills out so well, slides it down his arms, and tosses it on the nearby chair. Her hands tug once again at the t-shirt he's worn and moves her hands underneath the fabric. His skin is so warm she longs to have him completely bare. She moves her hands up his chest lifting the t-shirt. Her hands pause at his nipples giving them playful pinches feeling them instantly harden. With his torso bare now, she delivers a trail of moist, warm kisses down his spine kissing various spots as she rises. 

He turns around to face her, takes his hand and places then on the sides of her face and gazes into her eyes for that first of many sensual kisses. His fingers glide over her soft skin delving into her mousy brown curls. His right hand grabs a bit of hair at the nape of her neck and pulls her head to the side so that he can kiss her neck. The other hand moves down her chest, caressing her left breast, kneading it firmly. His agile fingers, now working the length of buttons down her shirt. Slowly each tickle of his lips against her neck is another button skillfully undone. 

Unable to remain motionless any more, her hands move down his waist. They fondle the hard bulge straining against his jeans. She feels his breath quicken and reaches to unbutton and unzip his jeans. Her hand deftly moves inside the loosened jeans and rubs his hardness through his cotton briefs, teasing him more. She runs her manicured nails up his chest, then lightly raking her nails down his flesh, moving underneath his briefs to feel his hard cock. The shock of flesh to flesh loosens his grip on her hair and he passionately kisses her full, pouty lips. He quickly discards her shirt and tights and tosses them on the chair.

They move to the bed, lips never parting. She kneels before him, kissing down that glorious happy trail and kisses around his hard cock. She takes his balls in her mouth and sucks on them gently as her hands reach around and grab his ass cheeks. Using the tip of her tongue, she licks the underneath side of his protruding cock. Licking around the head and flicking her tongue against that most sensitive spot, she uses her hands to stroke his hardness. Her tongue laps against his hard flesh giving his cock long luscious licks. Licking around the head several times, her mouth covers the head. In one long deep maneuver she takes it fully in her mouth feeling his knees buckle in amazement at this incredible feeling. Using her tongue to provide light pressure against his hard cock, she slowly slides it in and out of her mouth. Her tongue always rounding the rim each time it exits her mouth, only to be swallowed again.

Moaning after several intensifying strokes with her mouth and hands, he grabs her hair and removes his cock from her wet, hot mouth. Sitting on the bed, he beckons her to join him. She snuggles against him contently at the skin-to-skin contact. She repositions herself against him, running her nails up his legs as she engulfs his cock yet again. She feels his hand lightly run over her back. She looks up at him and catches him gazing back at her loving on his cock. She moans in pleasure against his cock creating a vibrating sensation. She hears him growls loudly and smiles to herself. Her mouth, once again wet and slippery against his cock slides up and down on it. Her hands fondle his balls providing more stimulation.

Wanting to express his dominance, his hand travels up her back and grabs a fistful of hair and begins to set a new pace for her. She moans once again, adjusting to this new pace. Her tongue laps from side to side going down his cock while making circular motions while coming up. He pulls her head up, tugging her hair, keeping her from taking it again. She whimpers against his hold, striking her tongue out to touch the tip of his cock. He keeps her from touching it, engulfing it, frustrating her even more. He quickly releases his hold on her hair as her head plummets downward onto his cock and resumes a pace of her choice. She feels his balls harden and grow tight underneath his shaft as she continues this quick pace. She feels his entire body tense knowing that his orgasm will be strong and forthcoming. On the final stroke, she deep throats his hard throbbing cock readying herself to accept his reward of a blowjob well done. Moaning and groaning at his release, she slows her pace to swallow. 

Letting his flaccid cock slip from her lips, she licks around the shaft and head not wanting to miss a drop of his tasty reward. He moans loudly and pulls her close to him. He looks down at her licking her lips, and smiling says... "your turn." 

She smiles in waiting anticipation.