 ***Part 2 of 3 ***

Carrie's amazing blowjob and my subsequent eruption of semen down her hungry throat hadn't done anything to decrease my hardon, or her horniness for that matter. I'm not a guy who's opposed to going down and getting my tongue on a pussy, especially when it's shaved. 

It was obvious she was prepared for some action when we met because I could tell she'd shaved recently. Smooth with her pussy lips glistening with her juices after she'd given me the best blowjob I'd had in years. 

"Oh God, lick my clit! Mmmmmmm that feels so good you have no idea", she panted as I flicked my tongue at her protruding clit. 

I had no problem sucking one or both of her pussy lips into my mouth as she was as swollen as I'd ever seen any woman. While I buried my tongue and thrusted it in her wet hole she put one hand on the back of my head letting me know she loved the feeling while she rubbed one of her tits between her thumb and index finger to enhance the feeling. 

"Uhhhhhh, yeahhhhhh. OOhhhhh. MMmmmmmm. Huuhhhhhhhhh" was all she was able to get out as she got wetter every second and every lick. I sucked the clit between my lips and plunged a finger in her now dripping cunt to an audible moan. 

"YAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!" she yelled as her breathing got faster and faster and she started getting close to cumming. She tasted really good so I was enjoying her sweetness almost as much as she was getting her clit licked. I found a spot sucking hard on her clit and lapping up the length of her dripping pussy and she got silent – then her whole body shook. 

The orgasm froze her for a couple of seconds as I tasted a rush of wetness flowing from her juicy cunt. She couldn't get any words out of her mouth just closed her legs around my head and had these panted moans trying to recover from a level of orgasm that she hadn't expected. Then came the last burst and she screamed

"AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH. . . YYYYYEESSSSSSS!!!! Oh God, Tim, Oh my God!!!! Ohhh. Ohhhh. Oooohhhhhh. . ." as she lay there trying to catch her breath and then sat up. 

Her cum was still on my lips and face because she came so hard. Before I realized it, she had pulled my lips to her and she kissed me with lots of tongue – tasting her own juices on my lips. Her hands were quickly roaming from behind my head to my chest to my stomach and down to my stiff prick which was now aching for more attention. As she moved her lips to my neck and my ears, still very horny, she caught me off guard when she said, 

"Tim, I never thought a man could make me cum from doing that!"

"Well, I'm just full of surprises"

"You lick pussy as good as a woman. I thought I was a lesbian for a while because I love the way we girls touch. But I realized I like cock too much. If you ever find another girl for a 3-some, I'm totally up for it"

I was hard before she said this. After it sank in – I was beyond rock hard – more like diamond. I went to suck on her tits after hearing this but I wasn't fast enough. 

She had grabbed my cock and held it flat against my stomach while she took one of my balls in her mouth and sucked on it. She swirled it around with her tongue and went down further and licked up and down the bottom of my sagging nut sack and I watched her do this and suck my balls for the next few minutes, while she stroked my hard cock the whole time. 

She let me sit up and then she positioned herself to my right side. She laid her head in between my thighs sucked on the base of the shaft on the underneath side while massaging my balls with her right hand and stroked me with her left. I had returned to heaven after only a half an hour. 

After getting used to my size during the first blowjob she was able to go down on my whole length this time pretty easily. As this was my 2nd time, my hardness remained quite a while, so I knew I could have a lot of fun. 

I didn't hesitate and slid the middle finger of my right hand in her wet pussy, surprising her a little bit, as she moaned with 4 inches of my cock in her mouth. Before too long, I added a 2nd finger and was fucking her pussy while she inhaled my cock even harder than the first time. I used my thumb occasionally to rub her huge clit and she moaned and paused every time I hit a spot that made her shake a little bit. 

She increased her sucking pace as long as she could bear it. Soon, I hit her g-spot with my fingers and she had no choice but to pull her mouth off my cock as she soaked my hand with another shattering orgasm. 

"OHHHH. AAAHHHHH. YEEEEEEAAAAHHHHHHHHH. MMMMMMMMM" as screams and inaudible noises were all she could get out as the sound of my fingers fucking her wet pussy signified she came a lot with this orgasm. 

She was delirious after another earth-shaking orgasm, but it did not reduce her desire to keep sucking my hardon. She was intent as ever to swallow another load of mine. 

"You said you like pictures. Do you mind?"

"As long as you send 'em to me later. . . . " was her response. Then my cock was inside her mouth once again. 

I knew I didn't have a lot of time the rate she was going, but as I took pictures, she seemed to pose for the camera every so often. I got shots of her stroking me, sucking my balls, licking the giant purple head of my cock, licking up and down the shaft and her taking it all down her throat with her nose touching my groin. 

As soon as I put the camera down, she said "I want you to swallow your cum again"

She kept a medium pace, but she kneaded and massaged my balls so expertly it wasn't long before I was going to explode in another orgasm. 

"Here it comes. . . . AHHHHH!!!" I moaned as she sucked and swallowed my cum – spurt by spurt as it filled her amazingly talented mouth for the 2nd time in no more than an hour. She squeezed my shaft milking every last drop out of my somewhat softening cock as she sucked the head again because she knew it would make me gasp and shudder. 

"MMMmmmmm. I love your cum. I love your cock." As she sucked it a little more but it still didn't get completely soft. 

"God you suck me so good. What'd I do to deserve this type of treatment?" I said to her half-joking. 

"Well, I can't remember the last time I had one orgasm like that, let alone two." she said back to me, still stroking my semi-hard dick. "I hope you have condoms with you, because I want more of this". . . . 

----continued in Chapter 03----