 *** The Final Chapter ***

I finally had a chance to pause and take a few things in. I looked at my watch and realized we'd been going at it over an hour already, and each of us had had two great orgasms just from foreplay and oral sex. I'd kept the windows open a little bit to get some air, but we'd been so hot and into it the windows were steamed up completely. We were in an empty area in the park, but the sun was setting so darkness would soon fall upon us. 

Even I was surprised at my quick recovery to hardness as she slowly sucked me until my cock was hard again. I told her the condoms were in my shorts pocket as she opened one up, and slid it over my cock as far as it would go. There was still a good inch or more after it was applied, but she didn't waste any time as she sank her soaking wet pussy down on my hardon. 

I'd found out how sensitive her clit was earlier and I was about to use it to my advantage. Before I could do that, the look on her face was priceless once she realized how wet she was that she had my entire length of my cock in her. 

"God – your cock feels so big inside me!!!" She said as she wrapped her arms around my neck and our lips and tongues went at each others again. Her hips rocked back and forth so I didn't have to do a lot as my cock with each stroke came halfway out and then all the way back in. 

As my mouth found one of her nipples and sucked on it, I started thrusting up harder into her. Her moans were becoming louder as she was so wet I slid in and out of her with ease. 

Without sliding out of her, I laid her on her back and threw her ankles over my shoulders. Now I could see my cock pistoning in and out of her pussy, and her swollen pussy lips glistening with her juices as she was getting almost dizzy while I pounded her pussy. 

"Oh. . . mmmmm. . . . . yeahhhhh. . . . ... mmmmmm. .. . . Fuck.. . . . . . hard. . . . . soooo good. . .. . mmmmm. . . . . yessss" was mixed in between pants and her trying to catch her breath. My cock head was hitting her g-spot as she was getting close to her 3rd orgasm. I put my fingers in her mouth for her to suck on and she rubbed her clit and started screaming. 

"OHHHHHHHHHHH. . . . YEEEEESSSSSSSS. . . . Oh God, yes. Fuck me!!!!! I'm Cummm .. .. . " and she couldn't finish what she was saying as her entire-body shook with my cock buried completely inside her pussy. She lay there for a few seconds as I pulled my cock out slowly and let her catch her breath. But she wasn't about to call it a night just yet. 

"Mmmmmm. .. . . I wanna make you cum again. Let's get out."

On the way out, I took off the first condom and she grabbed an unopened one. Once we were both outside, she led me to the front of the car, had me lean against the hood while she crouched on her knees and sucked me while she gave her pussy a rest for a brief minute. 

I then told her "Put your hands on the hood and spread 'em". We were both on the same page as she did exactly that and I grabbed her hips from behind and not so slowly pushed my cock in all the way with a fresh condom on. 

"Ooohhhhhhhhh. . . yeah. . . Fuck me. Fuck me good and hard!!!!" While I pounded her hard from behind, I occasionally reached around to squeeze her tits or rub her clit. As I increased my pace, you could hear the wet, sloppy sound of my cock filling her pussy and my sagging balls slapping against her swollen pussy lips below. 

"AHHHHHHH. YEEEEAAHHHHH. FUUUUUCKKKK. AHHHHHH" she was screaming although none of us cared who might be watching or hearing this even if someone was around. I smacked her ass a couple of times and before too long we were both nearing another orgasm. 

"I'm gonna cum." I said while fucking her as hard and fast as I could. 

"Me. . .. toooo. . . .mmmmmm" She moaned and then both of our bodies paused and then shook together. I could feel her juices sliding down my shaft, around my balls and down my thighs and she shuddered again. My cock was buried inside her all 7+ inches, and another load of my spunk filled that protective latex condom. 

We caught our breaths for a minute and didn't say much of anything until I slowly pulled out, removed the condom and she turned around to face me. She locked her lips to mine, paused and told me "That was the best sex ever" and returned her lips pressed to mine. For the next couple minutes, we stood there naked, hands roaming over each other with my semi-hard and slowly softening cock pressed in between her abdomen and mine. 

We finally got dressed, and drove back to where she left her car. We'd been gone about 3 hours, and she admitted to me that was the most orgasms and the best orgasms she'd ever gotten from a guy. 

After that, she and I hooked up 2 more times. Our next trip back to that remote part of the park she sucked my cock while I drove. I somehow managed to not crash, go off the road or have any traffic incidents. She wore a skirt that night and no panties, so we fucked on the hood again in the dark. 

After that 2nd encounter, Carrie told me about her fiancé, and that the reason she hooked up with me was because she wasn't getting any from him, but had now decided to stop the sex on the side. A few months later we had one more hookup at my place, but the MFF 3-some she had mentioned never came to fruition. She was young for me anyways, but after that first night with her my cock was so sore the next few days because of the sex and blowjobs she gave me – but it was well worth it.