 A nubile Philippina learns a valuable lesson in giving oral pleasure from her former High School English teacher

If this story pleases you, send me an encouraging email and I will continue the storyline. Enjoy. This is a work of original fiction. Do not copy it or use it without the express written permission of the author.

“Olivia, when you said you kiss him THERE, where is THERE?”

“I mean, his penis, Peter.”

“Olivia, look at me and say to me the words, ‘I kiss his cock.’”

“Oh, good grief. Here goes…,” and Olivia looked right into my eyes, “I kiss his cock.” She laughed nervously and brought both of her hands to her pouty lips.

“Okay, not so bad. But let me ask you, do you enjoy it?”

My heart was beginning to pump blood away from my big head and towards my little head, as I was trying to imagine my next move while waiting for this nubile Philippina to answer my question. Here, sitting across from me on my couch, was my 26 year-old former high school student, Olivia De La Cruz, asking me to come up with creative ways to spice up her boring sex life with her boyfriend, Jeffrey. With one simple answer, Olivia and I were about to crash the sex talk barrier, the ultimate taboo subject between any teacher and his student.

“Yes.”

I felt my face flush with excitement, but that simple word wasn’t enough for me. It was time to push further. “Good start, Olivia, now say ‘I really enjoy sucking Jeffrey’s cock.’”

Olivia brought her right index finger to her lips, in a gesture of thoughtfulness. If she could gather her courage and speak the words, there’d be no turning back.

“I really enjoy sucking Jeffrey’s cock.”

“Now say it again, and when you say ‘cock,’ look at me as if I’m Jeffrey and you’d really want to suck my cock…emphasize the word cock when you say it.”

Olivia fixed her cat-like eyes on mine and said, “I would really enjoy sucking that cock!”

I put my hand up for a high-five and she slapped.

“Has he ever said anything to you such as ‘You give great head’ or ‘What an incredible blowjob?’”

“No. I only lick him a little when we’re getting started and that’s the end of it.”

“Well, we’re going to practice a little game, and this is going to loosen things up between you two. It’s called ‘I want you to,’ and it will give you a lot more control in what happens between you and will give Jeffrey a chance to speak up.”

“I want you to?” she asked. “How does it work?”

“Okay, now, guys are really visual. Are there any mirrors in Jeffrey’s place?”

“Yes, he has a study with these mirrored wardrobe doors.”

“So when you go over to his place, tell him, ‘Jeffrey, let’s try something new. I’m going to say ‘I want you to do something,’ then you have to do it. Then you get to say ‘I want you to,’ and I have to do whatever you ask. Okay, Olivia, we’re done, that’s your lesson.”

“Uh-unh, no fair,” Olivia responded, and leaned over and gave my thigh and playful slap. “Remember, Peter, we’re talking about specifics, and I’m not leaving until I get them. And what about the mirrored doors?”

A plan just sprang to my mind. Role-playing. We’d succeed through role-playing. I wondered if this guy Jeffrey would ever know to thank me for what I was about to do for him.

“Let’s go up to my study and I’ll show you how this works.”

I held my hand palm up for her and she placed her beautiful hand in mine, no hesitation. Her fingers were long and tapering and there was heat when our hands connected. No harm in establishing a little intimacy, I thought. Olivia unfolded her long legs from under her and bounced off the cushion. With her impossibly high breasts, narrow hips and long legs, I felt like I was leading a Philippina version of a young Raquel Welch into my study with its wall of mirrored wardrobe doors. I closed the blinds, but the afternoon sun gave the room plenty of ambient light.

“Okay, now I’ll be you,” I announced, “and you get to be me, I mean, Jeffrey.” Was that slip of the tongue some wishful thinking on my part?

“Jeffrey, let’s play a little game called ‘I want you to.’ If you want to play, ‘I want you to’ say yes.”

“Yes,” Olivia answered, but in a very low man-imitating voice, and “I want you to start the game Pete…I mean, Olivia.”

“I want you to stand in front of these mirrors while I kneel in front of you.” And I knelt in front of Olivia. “Your turn…”

“I want you to take your top off, ba-be-e-eeeeeeee.” Clearly, Olivia was having a lot of fun being Jeffrey. She grabbed her own crotch then laughed heartily, tossing her long, beautiful brunette mane.

I looked up at Olivia and peeled off my turtleneck sweater. I had on a muscle t-shirt, and Olivia’s eyes gave me an appreciative look. “Now Olivia, it’s really important that you look up at Jeffrey at certain times, and when you strip off your top, that’s one of them. Also, notice how I’m arching my back instead of curving it. That shoves my breasts out and sticks my ass out at the same time.”

“Peter, those forearms of yours are a turn-on.”

“Olivia! I’m you, don’t comment on my arms. Jeffrey isn’t going to tell you how buff you are.”

“Sorry,” Olivia giggled.

“Okay, back to our roles. Jeffrey, I want you to unbutton your jeans so I can suck your cock.”

“No problem,” Olivia giggled, and reached down to unbutton her black stretch jeans.

“That isn’t necessary, Olivia, since you don’t have the equipment in there.” I had stopped her because I knew in a moment of inspiration that I could make her strip her pants off and she’d be the one eager to do it.

“Well, what happens next?” Olivia ventured.

“One thing that drives a guy crazy is if a girl kneels down in front of him and sucks his cock…that’s our lesson. If the girl strips down to a thong and says ‘Please let me suck your cock,’ that should get your Jeffrey talking. Jeffrey should say lots of things to you while this is going on, and you just keep telling him how nice his cock is and how much you enjoy him fucking your mouth, and…”

“I don’t know if I can say that.”

“What?”

“Fuck my mouth.”

“Congratulations! You just did it.”

“Omigod, this is s-oooooooooo funny. I can’t believe I said that!” Olivia looked down at me thoughtfully. “Peter, I do have a small confession to make.”

“And that is…”

“I do admit that I’m wearing a thong, a black thong, Peter. So instead of me playing Jeffrey, do you think I could be me? Plus, you could say those guy things to me I don’t know about. I think I know what to say to him to keep him going, and you could tell me if they’re good or offer suggestions.”

God bless this girl was a quick study, but I had to make a show of resistance.

“No, Olivia, then it’s more like a rehearsal than role-playing. You can practice with your boyfriend.”

“You said you wanted to help me,” she pleaded, “and I still don’t really understand this world of guy talk that Jeffrey doesn’t know but you seem to know so well.”

“So if I agree to this rehearsal, you’re going to have to remember some naughty things I have to say to you. You think you can do that?”

“I think we should try, Peter.”

“Okay, it’s your show, Olivia, and just remember, the naughtier the better” I said as I stood up. I deliberately stood up very close to her.

“I want you to stand there, Jeffrey, while I kneel in front of you,” and Olivia made it a point of emphasizing the name Jeffrey when she said that. Then Olivia went down on her knees, both of us standing less than two feet from the mirrored wardrobe doors.

“I want you to take your top off, Olivia.” She quickly crossed her arms and grasped a side of her shirt in each hand, then yanked her shirt over her head. I looked down at her and she looked back at me as if to say “what the heck, I’m in the game.”

Olivia tossed her head and ran her hands through her hair and looked up at me with a mischievous grin. Her 34C breasts seemed impossibly high on her chest and I looked down on them admiringly.

“Jeffrey, I want you to take off that t-shirt.” I mimicked her striptease, including running my hands through my hair afterwards. She smiled at my imitation.

“Do you like what you see Olivia?”

“Oh, yes, yummy. And now it’s your turn, Peter.” Wasn’t she supposed to call me “Jeffrey,” I wondered if that was a slip of the tongue.

“I want you to peel out of those jeans so I can see that thong, Olivia.”

She popped the front button on her jeans and unzipped them, then stood up to step out of her pants. She shimmied out of her tight jeans and I must admit, her black thong was just that, a bare string that ran up and around her hips. To taunt me some, she stood up far inside my comfort zone. Now, wearing only the thong and black socks, she looked up at me to let me know that the next step was hers, and she was ready.

“I want to kneel in front of you, Peter, so you can fuck my mouth with that cock of yours. And I do mean you, Peter.” Olivia rested her fingertips on my chest and practically slithered down my body to take up her kneeling position in front of me. When she was on the floor, she looked up and darted her tongue in and out of her mouth a few times. She was licking her chops, and I was about to be the main course.

“I want you to unbutton my jeans, Olivia, and slide my pants down my legs.”

Olivia undid the button on my Calvin’s and carefully unzipped my fly, now straining against the hardness behind it. I glanced to the mirror and saw the incredibly erotic sight of my former student’s tanned fingers sliding my jeans over my hips and down my legs. After I stepped out of the legs, Olivia stared at my cock, pointing sideways and quite hard in my snug underwear. As she slid my pants down my legs, she brushed her fingertips down the sides of my legs.

“I want you to trace my lips with your middle finger, Peter, knowing that you’re going to stuff your very hard cock in my mouth any time now.”

She was excited for the game to move on, but I gently traced her full, naturally pouty lips with my middle finger. On my third trace around her lips, her tongue came out to meet my finger. Olivia grasped my right hand with hers and shoved my finger into her mouth while she sucked greedily, coating my finger with her saliva.

“I want you to put your mouth against my underwear and trace the outline of my cock with your fingers.”

Olivia leaned forward slightly, giving me an incredible view of her tiny thong and arched back as she pressed her mouth against my dick, barely concealed by my thin underwear. She brought up her hand and used her index and middle fingers to lightly massage and tease me.

“Uh, Peter, are you cumming so soon?” Olivia noticed the precum stain on my underwear.

“No, why?”

“Because now I want you to take down your underwear, shove your cock in my mouth and fuck me like the slut that I am until you cum in my throat.”

I peeled off my underwear in an instant, but the lesson wasn’t over yet.

“I want you to put your hands on your thighs and just lean forward, licking the tip of my hard dick like a lollipop.”

My cock was pointing out straight towards her mouth, and when Olivia’s warm lips touched my cockhead, I instantly forgot about all those underpaid years as a teacher. She was in no hurry though, swirling her tongue around the enlarged head while I watched.

“I want you to listen to me say something, Peter, and that is your hard cock is a lot nicer than Jeffrey’s, and I think it’s gonna be fun to try to take your whole cock in my mouth to see how much of it I can get down my throat.”

I looked down at Olivia and our eyes met, with her tongue now flicking along the underside of my dick. I was not going to deny her request, but I wanted to tease myself along some more as well as her.

“I want you to lick both sides of my cock and my balls, but I really want you to coat my cock with your saliva so it’s ready for your throat.”

I knew she’d have to grasp me with one or both of those tapering fingered hands so she could get at my balls, so my request brought her hands into play. She knew it.

Olivia reached up and lifted my cock so she could lick my balls, and I could feel her tongue roll around each nut. I looked over to the mirror to get a glimpse of the action and could hardly believe the sight of this perpetually tanned, exotic vixen, mouth open and long, pink tongue lapping hungrily at each of the eggs in my nutsack. She brought both hands to either side of my cock and gently massaged the sides, then started bobbing her head back and forth, slowly working my cock into her mouth and throat. She did an expert job of coating my dick with her saliva. Olivia rubbed my slippery dick with her right hand as she bobbed her head up and down, then stopped sucking and pumped my cock fast only as she smiled at me, sensing that her combination of sucking and jerking was giving me pleasure. My rock hard dick told her that.

“I want you to put your hands through my hair and rest them on the back of my head, then fuck my mouth like you promised.”

“And I want you to put your hands behind your back while I’m fucking that nasty mouth of yours.”

Olivia put her hands behind her back, even overlapping her wrists as if restrained, and I moved forward so she wouldn’t have to lose her balance. I took my own cock in my right hand and jerked it back and forth, inches from her mouth.

“That’s so nasty seeing you play with yourself so close to my mouth. I want you to shove your cock through my lips and do like I said before, holding my head in your hands.”

“Oh, I see you’re begging to suck my cock now.”

“Yes, yes, oh please fuck my mouth. My hands are behind my back and I couldn’t stop you if I wanted.”

I picked up on the subtext of what she wanted me to request of her next, and I gave it to her.

“I want you to say, ‘Stop, don’t fuck my mouth, I’m helpless like this and if you get your cock in my mouth, you’ll want to cum in there and I won’t be able to stop you.’”

Olivia’s reaction surprised me. She threw her head back and brought her hands back to resting on the floor in front of her and moaned loudly, “Oh, oh, oh, OHHH!” My last “I want you to” had given her an orgasm!

“I want you to slip your hand into your thong and play with yourself now,” I added, even though I had gone out of turn in our game, I knew she’d appreciate the permission that I gave her.

“Oh, Peter,” Olivia said, fingering her own pussy now, “don’t shove that cock in my mouth because I might want it so bad, I’ll just have to have you cum in my throat.”

Since she had followed my instruction, I placed my left hand on the top of her head and pressed my cock up against her lips. She faked a little resistance, but then my cock slipped between those wonderful soft lips and I started a gentle pumping to gradually inch my throbbing cock to the back of her throat.

“M-m-m-mmmmmmmmmmm” was the only sound that came out of Olivia’s mouth now, but I liked it. Her cheeks dimpled as my cock slid in and out of her eager mouth.

“Olivia, I want you to look up at me while I pump your face and hum Madonna’s ‘Like a Virgin’ after I’ve slowly fill your mouth with my cock.”

Olivia pulled back and my wet dick popped out of her mouth. She brought her hand up to her mouth to wipe some of the saliva away that had drooled out.

“Peter, that is the funniest thing to ask. Why should I hum?” she laughed.

“I want you to hum because the vibration feels extra good to me, and the humor is a healthy part of our blowjob lesson, too.” She smiled and I added “I want you to make it nice and sloppy, too, so you don’t even think about wiping that wonderful lubricant away from your mouth when we continue.”

Olivia paused and thought up a final request, the one that would push me over the edge. “Peter, I want you to bring that padded piano bench in here and put it in front of the mirrors.”

With my wet dick proudly waving in the breeze, I marched into the other room and returned with my extra long duet piano bench.

“I want you to tell me how this will work,” I asked.

“I want to lie on my stomach on this bench, grasp my ankles, and I want you to fuck my mouth like mad until you finally cum.”

Olivia then did exactly that. After balancing on her stomach on the bench, she bent at the knees and grabbed her own ankles, that pulled her back into a sexy arch with her mouth at a perfect angle for receiving my trajectory. I couldn’t tell if it was to please me so much as to her desire to be dominated and restrained during the blowjob.

“You are full of surprises,” I said, realizing that the student was now about to teach the teacher.

“And I want my mouth to be full of your cock,” Olivia answered.

I put one hand on top of her head and supported her chin with the other, then stepped forward and my cock disappeared into her awaiting mouth. I was thrusting my hips into her face, and Olivia looked up at me with those cat-like Philippina brown eyes as if to say, “I can’t stop you, I don’t want to stop you, fuck this mouth until you explode.”

Olivia remembered I wanted some humming, and I could clearly hear “Like a Virgin,” which she reproduced in her throat and vibrated my shaft. Of course, the only real sound was “mm-m-m—m-mmmmm…” and I slowly ground my hips in and out of her face, my slippery tool finding no resistance as it slid her eager mouth. I could feel pressure building inside, and I grabbed my cock and gave it a few pumps while Olivia’s humming stopped, still holding her chin up with my left hand.

From my point of view standing above Olivia, I looked down on this incredible hottie’s black floss thronged ass, dimpled and tight as she held onto her own ankles. As I glanced in the mirror, I could see Olivia’s red, pouty lips in this perfect “O” around my dick, saliva leaking out the corners of her mouth.

With a pop I slipped by cock out of her mouth. “Olivia, I want you to get on your hands and knees on this bench, that’s how I want to finish.”

Olivia released her own ankles and pushed herself up into a doggy style position on the bench, then wiped her mouth and licked her lips. She reached down into the tiny black triangle of material that was her thong, then brought her fingers up to my mouth.

“I want you to taste..,” and I licked the cunt juice off her elegant fingers. Olivia looked at me and rocked back and forward on the piano bench.

“Ooooooh, you are a wet pussycat, aren’t you?” I asked.

“Meeeeeoowwwwwwwww,” Olivia purred, playing along and still rocking slightly. I massaged my own massively hard tool since I knew it would make my Asian hottie even hotter.

“This kitty wants her milk,” she teased, her eyes growing wider as she watched me pump my own dick.

“I want you to wiggle your little thong-covered ass, then kitty will get her milk.”

Still the obedient student, Olivia changed her forward and back rocking to making figure eight circles with her hips. The vision in the mirror of this leggy tanned girl with her tight, dimpled ass wiggling was close to driving me over the edge. I knew I was only a few pumps away from getting off.

Olivia showed me she understood the next step in orally pleasuring a man by doing an obscene “open wide” with her tongue hanging out in expectation of the milky eruption I was about to deliver. The hip gyrations and opened mouth did it for me. 

“Oh, yes, here’s what you want…” I moaned as I pumped my exploding cock into her mouth. Olivia closed her eyes as she accepted the spurts of my cum directly into her mouth. She swallowed what she could as fast as she could, but several shots hit her cheek and lips as I continued to orgasm in her face. I pushed my cock into her mouth and continued shooting my load in her mouth, with the missed shots now dripping down from her chin. With my dick now safely pumping in her mouth, Olivia looked up at me as if to say, “Pump your cock in my mouth until you’re done.” I jerked my cock and Olivia brought her hand up to give my balls a squeeze for good measure.
