 ***The following story is based on real events, but names and other details have been changed. See my previous submission 'A Pleasant Surprise' to get more background***

Unfortunately, that weekend with Amy was all I got of her sexy body naked next to mine. As spring finally arrived and turned into summer, I found myself once again relatively bored with work, but finally able to kill some time by taking graduate courses that were offered at the only university in town. 

One night I got an e-mail from someone who saw my profile on a dating site, which I checked every once in a while, but was not very impressed with what I read and saw. Maybe it was because I hadn't gotten any in the last 3 months or so, but when Carrie sent me a message saying she was interested in talking more, I wasn't about to ignore it. Needless to say, I was in for more than I expected. 

I felt weird talking to someone who was 19, right out of high school, and 5 years younger than I was. But during the course of one online conversation, I knew there was going to be some fun ahead. 

"As long as you don't mind a few curves, I think this will be quite fun."

"I think it will be. Damn girl, you've got one heck of a stare with those eyes", I said, referring to the picture she'd sent me. 

"They're even better when I look up at you with your dick in my mouth"

Carrie wasn't the best looking woman I'd laid eyes on by any means. Sweet smile, sexy eyes, but nothing else that would make you stop in your tracks. Her body was average, curly black hair, a round ass, and tits that were no bigger than a B-cup. 

I was in the process of moving so I was unable to host, and same with her. We met somewhere, she hopped in my car and after exchanging pleasant greetings she told me to drive, because she knew a private place where we could get naked. 

Once we got to this park and drove over a mile on a 1-lane dirt road, we wound up at this clearing near a cliff with no one around anywhere at about 6 in the evening. I'd noticed she'd worn a halter top and wasn't wearing a bra, so I could see her perky nipples poking through the material as we drove. 

I have a decent sized car, so we'd agreed on the way that moving the front seats up would give us enough room to do stuff in the back. Once we got in the back seat she didn't waste any time. 

"Hey there" she said then planted her lips on mine. 

A good kisser, we soon found our tongues lashing back and forth, as my hands found and caressed her round ass through her jeans. As she climbed on top and straddled me I pulled her halter top down to suck on her tits since there was no bra to get in the way. 

She started grinding into me as my cock started rapidly hardening in my pants. She moaned as I sucked on one tit and massaged the other one with my fingers. 

"Mmmm yeah. I love getting my tits sucked" as she pulled my head into her chest. 

After a few more minutes of her gyrating on my lap my cock was rock hard and she could feel it through her jeans and my shorts. I got her jeans off and found she hadn't worn panties either. 

But what I saw once she was naked was the fullest pussy lips I'd ever seen on a woman, just begging for attention, and not a hair present. 

But she had other ideas. She slowly kissed down my toned chest, to my flat stomach and pulled out my raging hardon. The look on her face said it all. 

"Mmmmm you weren't kidding when you said you said you had a nice cock"

My almost 8-inch hardon was standing straight up in the air, and at almost 6 inches around in circumference, was thick and veiny as she lowered her mouth to lick the mushroomed head of my cock. 

She may have been 19, but she was no newcomer to blowjobs. She used one hand and massaged my nuts which were about golf ball sized hanging down low onto the seat. The other hand was wrapped around the base of my cock as she licked up the length of my shaft and then back down. She kissed and sucked just the head in, then flicked her tongue at the tip of my cock, making it flinch a bit. 

Before long she was bobbing her head up and down on my schlong in the back seat of my car like a woman possessed. Her hands moved from my chest to my balls to rubbing her clit while she was on her knees taking my hardon between her soft lips. She had just the right mix of tongue lashing on the head, when she tried to take it whole. 

Before I knew it she was taking my whole length in my mouth and I couldn't help but encouraging her as she was lost in giving me an amazing blowjob"

"OOoohhh yeah. Your mouth feels sooooo good on my cock. Do you like sucking my cock?"

"mmmmhmmmmm" she mumbled without taking her lips off of it. 

"Yeah, suck my whole cock. I love the feeling of it going all the way down your throat"

"MMMMMMMMHMMMMMMMMMMM" she moaned again, and then came up for air to suck on my huge balls for a bit. But as she licked my shaft one more time and let me slap my cock against her tongue when she stuck it out and against her face she said to me. . . .

"I've always wanted to suck a big cock like this" and inhaled my cock all the way down to the base and held it there as she tried to lick my balls with my cock all the way down her throat!!!!

She had been sucking me for over 20 minutes now and I could feel my orgasm approaching. She picked up her pace, and before too long I warned her "oohhhhh, I'm gonna cum. . . "

She didn't say anything but her reaction told me what she wanted - my cum down her throat. She stroked my shaft and massaged my now giant nut sack as her head bobbed up and down and my shaft above her hand disappeared down her throat, and then reappeared glistening with her saliva all over my hardon. She wanted my spunk and she was in for a surprise. 

I warned her because I knew this orgasm was going to be a big one. She never took her lips off my cock as I spurted into her mouth. She was apparently surprised at the volume, as she had to stop mid-stroke twice and swallow my cum before she could take more in. 

For the next minute, she moaned with my cock still in her mouth, and still pretty hard. She loved it so much she was trying to suck every last drop of cum from my slit. She realized that my whole body shuddered when she licked and sucked the very tip of my cock for the last drop, and it brought this lustful smile to her face. 

She held my cock and licked her lips loving the taste of my semen that I just unloaded in her mouth. 

"That was an amazing blowjob" I told her. 

"Thank you. You have an amazing cock. And you're still hard" she noticed then took a few sips of water from her Poland Spring bottle in her purse.

"I told you I can stay hard sometimes after I cum" 

"Yeah, I know. But I didn't believe it until now. " she replied. As she sat next to me

I'm glad she drank the water, because while she loved the taste of my cum on her lips, I was glad I didn't have to taste it. As we frenched again my hands found their way to her pussy which was very wet as well, and her lips were spread apart. 

"Mmmmm, looks like you liked sucking me as much as I enjoyed receiving. . . "

"Mmmmmhmmmm" she moaned as I kissed my down to her pussy. "I'm gonna suck that cock again before we leave"

"I like the sound of that, but now it's my turn to go down on you", as she spread her legs and my tongue found her clit for the first time. I was about to find out just how excited she was after giving me a grade A blowjob. . . .