 (This story is posted on the Literotica website. Do not repost anywhere else without the author's consent. This story deals with similar themes as the stories by wannabeboytoy, seducedHylas, and Dark Betrayal. I do not condone any of these actions in real life. This is just a story. Enjoy.)

(Michelle)

"Fuck!" I yelled to myself as I saw the flashing red and blue lights of the cop car now following me. I sighed to myself as I pulled over to the side of the road. It was dusk and I just wanted to get home. Everyone went over the speed limit through this area. There was nobody around here anyway, it was the outskirts of town. Probably just some asshole trying to meet his monthly quota. I rolled my eyes as I unbuttoned some buttons to better display my 32B's. I'm a good looking woman, 24 years old, short brown hair, good body. I'll just show this guy some cleavage, and he'll let me go on my way. I heard the knock and as I lowered the window, I put on my best face and turned to face the cop. I was not prepared for what I saw. I was not staring at some older, overweight man. What I saw was a woman, and not just any woman. 

There were two things very apparent on first glance. She had big tits and a bad attitude. The look on her face conveyed she was not in any mood to mess around. 

"License and registration, ma'am." She said as if she would rather be anywhere else. I handed them over. 

"I'll be back." She said as she walked back to her car. As she did, I couldn't help but take her in. Her body did not quit. She was skinny and fit, but curvy in all the right places. Her ass was heart-shaped, and just the right size to make men drool. She shook it as she walked, as if mocking me with its perfection. She spent a few minutes in her car, and as she started to walk back towards me, I was able to fully take in the rest of her. It was hard to miss her massive breasts as they jiggled in her tight fitting uniform. Her face held up its end of the bargain. Full pouty lips, and as she raised her aviators over her hat, I was able to see her piercing dark eyes. She was taller than me, too. As much as I hated to say it, she was absolutely gorgeous. Perfect tan, perfect body that looked ready to burst out of her tight uniform, and even though her hair was in a ponytail, I could tell it was shinier, longer and fuller than mine. I hated her. 

"Do you know why I pulled you over, Mrs. Decker?" She asked, leaning down to talk to me. She glanced down at my unbuttoned blouse and I noticed a twinkle in her eye. 

"I don't know, Officer." I said, playing dumb. She looked down at me as if I were in idiot.

"Well, Michelle..." she started, as if talking to a slow child, "You were ten miles over the speed limit. You know that's illegal right?"

"I didn't notice. I'm sorry if I did." I said, shocked at her attitude.

"Do you think I'm lying? Do you think I enjoy pulling over dumb bitches like you?" she said angrily. 

"Excuse me!?" I raised my voice to her in anger. How dare she?

"Since I'm clearly the only one hear with a firm grasp on reality, I'll make it clear. You were ten miles over the speed limit. Most drivers notice these things. I'm tired of people trying to play dumb with me." She said angrily.

"I'm not lying, I didn't notice." I stuttered, flustered by this whole exchange.

"So, you're just negligent. That's what you're saying?" She said.

"No, it's just..." I stammered, not able to find the right words.

"Listen up, honey." She started. "I've tried to be nice here." Nice? This is nice to her? "But, clearly, you are a negligent driver. Now that I think about it, you were closer to twenty miles over the limit. So here's the deal. You will be receiving a ticket for speeding. On top of this, I'm going to hold on to your license. I'm going to advise you to take a driver's education course. You will get your license back as soon as you can show that you understand the rules of the road."

"Are you kidding me!? I need my license! I, I, I have a job. I know how to drive." I stammered, incensed.

"You should have thought of that before driving like a two-year old." She said mocking me. 

"What is your problem with me?" I asked. Clearly, she had some vendetta. She stared at me darkly then responds.

"You assume I'm some idiot that you can push around. You've had people let you do what you want your whole life. But guess what, honey? The world's a tough place. You need to know that you can't just flaunt the rules and do whatever you want. You should be thanking me. In fact, I want you to thank me. If you don't, I'm gonna have to take you down to the station." She smirked as she finished her speech.

"How dare you! My husband is the CEO of one of the biggest companies in the city. I'll get his lawyers on you, and you'll regret having ever tried this shit on me!" I yelled at her angrily. She smiled an evil smile at this. 

"Is that right? I'm surprised a woman like you can hold down a man. I mean, look at yourself. You're clearly a bitch. And by the way, button up your shirt. You're impressing no one. Even if it was a guy cop, he still would have given you a ticket with that pathetic display. I'm guessing hubby aint too satisfied with those either." She said giggling.

"Go fuck yourself!" I tell her. 

"Listen, honey, you need to make a choice. You can humble yourself and thank me for enforcing the law and keeping these streets safe. Or, you can go to jail and force your big bad hubby to bail you out. What do you say?" She asked. 

I had to control myself. I can't let myself go to jail. So, gritting my teeth, I turn to her and say:

"Thank you."

"What was that?" she said, wanting me to embarrass myself more.

"Thank you." I said, trying to feign kindness.

"C'mon, give me a smile when you say it, or I won't believe it." She said. I turned, give her as little of a smile as I could, and said" Thank you." 

"There you go." She said, congratulating me as if I were a child who did well. "Can I get your name and badge number?" I asked as civilly as I can muster.

"Sure you can." She said, turning and pointing her badge and nametag above her massive breast.

"Badge number 6991. Officer Veronica Rivera. Don't you forget it."

**********

I sat in my car stewing about this whole situation as I waited for the tow truck to arrive. I knew my husband was working later than usual today on a big project so I didn't want to disturb him. Once the tow truck I arrived and I gave him the address of my house, I sat in the passenger seat going over what just happened. Officer Veronica Rivera had made an enemy today. I'm pretty easy going, but this woman had it out for me for some reason, and I was not going to take it lightly. If she thought taking my license will hold up in court, she was clearly mistaken. I'm a law student, so I knew what she did was over the line. We arrived at my home and the tow truck driver dropped off my car in my driveway. I walked inside my small home still angry. I couldn't wait for my husband to get home so I could vent. I don't think I sat down for the thirty minutes I was waiting until he walked in.

My husband James was the same age as me, 24, and I love him with all my heart. He is gorgeous, funny, and incredibly smart. I don't know how I landed such a perfect man as him. I think he loves me even more than I do him. He is quite smart, as I said. Everything I told Officer Rivera about him was true. My husband was the CEO of a self started company he created in college. It started small, but in the last year or so, it has gained massive success. The money started rolling in, so, although we've lived moderately since marrying a year and a half ago, we've been looking to upgrade to a bigger home and start a family.

"Hey, what's up?" He asked me, sensing my anger. I immediately started laying in to this bitch cop as I explained what she did to me. My husband let me air this out, and as I finished, he pulled me into a hug as I started crying. For a split second I could've sworn I saw a look of almost disappointment, but I didn't have time to think about it as the tears started flowing as all the stress came out.

"It's okay, Michelle. We'll get this all worked out. She was clearly in the wrong and you'll get proven right. Don't worry about it." He told me. He looked down at me then kissed me. We separated then I kissed him back hard. I needed to forget about today. I practically dragged him towards the bedroom. We ripped our clothes off as we started to get down to business. My husband has always been a great lover. His thick, nine inch dick didn't hurt matters. He was patient with me as we started to make slow, sensual love. 

Although it was great, I was still dwelling on what had happened. Being around her, and some of the things she said, made me feel inadequate. My husband didn't seem to mind my 32b breasts as he sucked and chewed on my hard nipples as he thrust into me. I wonder if he wished I had larger ones. One's like hers. My god, they had to be DD's, maybe even E's. But I know men. You could be gorgeous and sexy, but men don't want to be with a stone cold bitch. And that's what she was. With the attitude that girl has, I'd be surprised if she lets anyone in her pants. 

James's thrusts became more desperate. As we climaxed together, our worries were forgotten as we fell asleep in each other's arms.

**********

(James)

My wife was lying in bed as I woke up before her, as I usually do. Last night was about as angry as I'd ever seen her. That cop really got her worked up. I don't know why. I feel like she might be leaving out part of the story. I hate to stereotype, but I get the feeling this cop is some tough chick who hates prettier women. I feel bad thinking like that, but it's probably the truth. 

There wasn't much we could do about her situation since it was the weekend, so I thought I could cheer her up by doing some work house hunting. She had been looking for her dream house, and I couldn't wait to give it to her. 

She woke up in better spirits than last night. I saw a side of her that I never thought I would see. Michelle is bright, funny, and fiercely independent. I had never seen her that bullied before. I had never seen her so torn down, and it brought up a lot of feelings in me. The biggest being that we would vindicate Michelle, and I would make sure that this bitch cop would never do this again. She won't get away with this. We spent most of the day looking up houses on the internet. Michelle wasn't satisfied by any of them. She was waiting for the perfect home. I could wait as long as it took.

**********

(Michelle)

When my husband asked me if I wanted him to drive me to my classes, I refused. I didn't want for him to act like my parents, dropping me off at school. I ended up calling a taxi. I was able to get a court date a few days later to contest my ticket. Once I got to court, I was ready to lay into Officer Rivera. But, it ended being a waste of time, as they pretty much just scheduled a full court date for this a week later. I was pissed about this, but the justice system isn't perfect. It was on my way home from my court date that I saw it. The perfect house, with a for-sale sign in the lawn. I told my taxi driver to stop. I got out of the car and just looked at the house. It was perfect: two stories, swimming pool, big lawn, and a big garage. I loved it. No one was home, so I took down the realtor info. I was going to get this house. All of my dreams would come true in here. 

I excitedly told my husband the news when he got home. He was happy that I was happy. He had to leave the next day on a business trip, so I told him I would check the house out and would handle it. I could not wait. 

**********

It was two days later when I met the realtor at the house. The inside of the house was even better than the outside. I couldn't imagine selling this house. So much space here to fill up, to make it into a home. 

"Why is the owner selling?" I asked the realtor, a nice looking older woman.

"Well, she is a single woman and she said it's too much space for one person" She said. I nodded in agreement. This house was designed for more than one person.

"Honestly, I'm sold on this place. Where do I sign?" I asked the realtor.

"Wow, uh, well, the owner should actually be here soon. When she does, when can start discussing details." The realtor said. Just then, the front door behind me opened. I turned and smiled at the entering home-owner. Then my jaw dropped as I realized I was staring at Veronica Rivera. She said hello to the realtor as the realtor explained that I was interesting in buying the house. Then she turned and smiled wide when she saw me.

"Well, Mrs. Decker, it's nice to see you again." She said, holding out her hand. I could barely hide my revulsion as I had to shake hers.

"You two know each other?" the realtor asked. 

"We've met." She said simply. "Do you mind if we talk for a few minutes?" she said to the realtor. 

"Absolutely." The realtor said, stepping outside. 

"Nice to see you again, Michelle." She said simply, walking over to the bar to get herself a drink. Despite my hatred of her, I couldn't help but noticed that she still looked amazing, even after a hard day's work. It made me hate her more.

"Want a drink?" she asked.

"No." I said curtly.

"So I got notice that I'm supposed to be in court next week." She started. "I think that's a bad idea for you."

"Why so you say that?" I ask.

"Because if this goes to court, I may not be in the mood to sell this house to you. But if you drop it, then I might be more willing to sell." She explained.

"Are you kidding me? What is your fucking problem?" I asked her. 

"Is that a no?" she asked, with an evil smile. I considered giving in. But, this was about respect. She treated me like garbage. I could not let her win. I would take my chances.

"I'll see you in court." I told her, and then I stormed out of the house. 

Un-fucking-believable. That fucking bitch owned the greatest house I've ever seen. I'll fucking show her. I'll beat her in court, and then I'll get that house from her. I don't know how, but I will. 

**********

I was walking out of my classes the next day with some friends when two police officers approached me.

"Excuse me, ma'am, are you Michelle Decker?" one of the men asked.

"Yes." I said cautiously.

"Ma'am, you are under arrest for possession of narcotics." one of the cops said.

"Are you kidding me? This has got to be a mistake?" I said, panicking. All of my friends are looking on in shock. The cops handcuffed me. I am so embarrassed. They read me my rights as they put me into a police car. I know that Veronica is behind this. 

Eight hours later, I was still sitting in a cell at the local jail. I was seething. I have never done drugs in my life. That bitch Veronica was fucking with me. Finally, an old, fat cop came up to my cell.

"Mrs. Decker, you're free to go." He said.

"That's it?" I said.

"It appears as if there was some sort of paperwork mistake. We deeply apologize." He said simply.

"I'm a law student, you know. You'll be hearing from me." I said.

"We are deeply sorry." He said again. He led me out to a waiting cab. As I headed home, I vowed to defeat Veronica Rivera.

**********

The next few days were hell. I kept seeing cop cars wherever I went. It's her. I know it. I just couldn't wait for Tuesday, when justice would prevail. Unfortunately, my husband would not get back til later Tuesday night, so he would miss the trial. I called him and told him what happened. He was pissed and asked if I wanted him to come home. I said no. I'm a big girl, and plus, he's working on a very lucrative deal. I practiced the next few days what I would say and do at the trial. I was ready. Then, the unexpected happened.

Some dirt bag druggie had kidnapped his kids at gunpoint. He was holding them hostage till he was talked into releasing them by one Officer Veronica Rivera. Then, he tried to kill himself, but she shot him in the leg, preventing him from doing so. He was then arrested. Officer Rivera was being hailed as a hero. She made the national news. I even saw some website say something along the lines of 'hot cop is a true hero'. A lot of responses, at least online, and in conversations, were about how hot she was. As much as I hated her, I respected what she did. But I realized this was bad news for my trial.

And I was right. She showed up to the trial like a rock star in her uniform. Everyone in the court was star struck, even the judge. I pled my case, but I came across like some bitter, crazy woman. I was fighting a losing battle. The judge ruled that I had clearly broken the law, and who was he to overrule the judgment of a true hero. I lost. I had no license and I had to go to driving school. Unbelievable. As I was leaving the courthouse, embarrassed, Veronica came up behind me and whispered in my ear, "You'll never get my house, bitch." She smirked evilly as I started to cry on the stairs outside the courthouse. I sat there outside for half an hour until I heard a familiar voice.

"Honey?" James said. I looked up and saw his caring face. I smiled from beneath my tears, stood up, and hugged him. 

"I'm guessing it didn't go well." He asked. I laughed, then responded, "I lost. I lost the case, and then she told me she would never sell the house." I looked up into his eyes. He looked angry.

"Who is this bitch? Who does she think she is? No one treats my wife like she has." He looked around. 

"You know what, c'mon." He grabbed my hand and led me to my car. 

"Where are we going?" I asked.

"We're going to her house. I'm gonna have a talk with her." He said angrily. My heart beat excitedly as I heard this. I had never seen him this angry. To see him this willing to defend my honor, I had never loved him more. I had never been more attracted to him. I was excited. My husband was gonna sort this bitch out once and for all. I guided him towards her place. All of a sudden, I had a thought.

"Have you watched the news lately?" I asked. 

"No, why?" He asked.

"Nothing. Don't worry about it." I said. Good, I didn't want him to have any sympathy for her. We soon approached her house. Her cop car was in the driveway. Some people were leaving. It looked like an open house just ended. My husband jumped out of the car and walked quickly towards the door. I tried to follow, but he told me to stay, so I stayed, standing outside the car. He went in just as the realtor opened the door. She looked confused.

"He's with me." I yelled out to her. She looked a little relived, but not fully, so I told her, "You can go. Veronica wanted to meet with us."

"OK." She said still unsure, but she decided to leave. I stood out there for five, ten, fifteen minutes. I was standing outside for a half hour when I thought, "What is taking him so long?"

**********

(James)

I burst into the house past the realtor as I left my wife outside. I looked all over, but I could not find this bitch. I heard some movement on the floor above me so I headed upstairs. I heard some noise behind a slightly closed door. As I pushed it open, ready to give her a piece of my mind, I came to a stop as I catch sight of her. 

"The open house is over." She said, turning around. She smiled brightly as she saw me. I was stunned by the sight of her. This was not what I expected at all. She was gorgeous. She was wearing tight jeans and a tight blue tank top. I couldn't help but notice her massive tits, just bursting out of her top. I could see the outline of her nipples under it, just begging to be sucked on. Her body did not quit, and her pretty face was plastered with a gorgeous smile as she checked me out.

"And you are?" She said coyly.

"Uh, James." I stammered.
