 Kate entered the office and her mind filled with the thought of last night's session. The act of letting her submissive side out here, where her dominate side lives brought a smile to her face. As the VP of R&D and Chief Operating Officer at her successful online security firm, she has to be professional and assertive. The employees at ByteGuard are presented with her institutional self; strong, confidant and decisive. As expected, her appearance tells the same story; classic conservative clothes, impeccably presented in a Jackie O fashion and a look that defines grace. She is cultured, mannered, and stoic but is able to be passionate and empathetic in her approach; a true leader. None of her employees have a clue of her submissive side or the dirty thoughts that populate her mind.

Last night before leaving, Sir made a simple request and it triggered questions about what his mischievous mind was conjuring up this time. He handed her a mini bullet vibrator with instructions to put it in her purse and bring it to work today. This seemed strange because the unit would not work unless it was in close proximity of the remote and he was headed back to the coast. As Kate gathered things for the morning meeting, the warmth and wetness between her thighs was a reminder of last night. It was going to be a different experience sitting at the head of the table in front of her staff today.

Typically, the morning meeting was a daily tag up that Kate chaired; it was a quick synopsis with the leadership team which included the previous day's accomplishments, a snapshot of the goals for the day and delegation of action items. Ordinarily, it was brief, simple in nature and something she breezed through with ease. Everyone was on time and Kate took her place at the head of the table.

The moment she sat in the chair and looked at her staff, an overwhelming feeling of arousal filled her mind. The image of Sir standing behind her, opening her blouse, exposing her tits and slowly guiding her torso down to the table flashed in her mind. She tried to speak but stammered; she remembered how the cool wood felt against her bare breasts. Sir deliberately used this spot to explore the vast gap between her two conflicting personas and it worked brilliantly. It was challenging to articulate in a normal tone and conduct the meeting without raising suspicion. Difficult as it was, she assigned action items to team members and delegated tasks without detection.

Kate had to get back to her office but needed to maintain composure and it took every ounce of concentration to get through the meeting; five minutes seemed like an hour. Every time she shifted in the chair, his pussy responded with an ache to be touched. The last item was a reminder that they were conducting the first panel interview for the new position in fifteen minutes. She closed the meeting, dashed out of the room and made a beeline to her office. Breathing like she just ran a 5K, Kate closed the door, plopped in her chair and did her best to calm herself. His pussy was dripping from the experience at the head of the table this morning; the act of toying with her submission in a way she never thought of had her on the edge.

Finally, she composed herself and was ready to head out the door when the phone alerted with an incoming text; it was from Sir. "Good morning Kathy; just a quick task for today. Please slip the bullet in my pussy; I would enjoy knowing it's pressing against your G spot. When you've completed this, text me; please." Not wanting to disappoint him, she retrieved the vibrator from her purse, spread her legs and pulled her panties to the side. His pussy was completed saturated and she shuddered as it slid inside her silky opening.

Walking back to the boardroom Kate sent the proper notification; "Thank you Sir, task completed." Taking her seat, she reviewed the prospect's resume and told her assistant to let Mr. Luciano they were ready. Getting used to the bullet pressing against her G spot was easy; no sudden moves and for heaven's sake, no rocking. It was similar to the Ben-Wah balls Sir used to keep his pussy aroused before a session; simple movements from side to side would provide sufficient stimulation to bring on a mild orgasm.

When he entered the room Kate's heart nearly exploded; it was Sir. An overwhelming feeling of arousal, panic and complete terror gripped her mind and she stopped breathing. What was he doing here and moreover, what was he going to do in front of her staff. Introductions were made and she made it clear she was going to observe the interview process. The staff knew how to proceed and the answer to the first question divulged his plans. "It says that you have a patent pending; could you please tell us a bit about you invention?"

"I would love to but it has nothing to do with cyber security; it's a tool to train a pet." He reached into his coat pocket and pulled out the remote and placed it on the table. Kate's mind put every muscle on lockdown and she struggled to keep her panic undetected. "This is a remote linked to a small vibrator on my pet's collar; I'm training a new kitten." How fucking devilish and wicked; not only is he going to Dom her in front of her staff; he actually told them what he is doing.

"When she does something that needs correcting, I use this to gently remind her I'm the boss." For a fleeting moment Kate felt a mild relief; she was not instructed to turn the vibrator on. "There are four buttons, a power switch and three settings." With that, Sir turned the vibrator on and Kate felt the initial pulse; OMG this was not going well. "The first setting is a low frequency, low magnitude vibration and its push on push off function." He pressed the button on for ten seconds and the sensation in his pussy spread through her body like the 2011 Japanese tsunami; rippling from the epicenter to every extremity. She was frozen and all she could think of was you fucking bastard, may I please cum for Sir.

"The second buttons mode is the same but the frequency and magnitude are amplified and it delivers a much more intense sensation." Oh holy, the vibrations were so damn powerful and very soon, cuming was not going to be optional. He found a way to strip her dominance away and give Kate the texture she so craved. The desire to please him and make his pussy cum was being suppressed by her dominant self. This dynamic has always been separated and he found a way to make them slam together like two runaway freight trains.

"The third button has a different modality altogether; it delivers a vibration only when depressed and the intensity is startling. I like to use this specific function to see immediate reactions from my kitten." Kate's eyes blinked slowly closed and she lost the battle; his pussy clamped down hard and his kitten started to cum. Not having the ability to fight it anymore, she settled back into her chair and released wave after wave of pent up elation; her mind drifted to that serene place.

"I'm cuming Sir, I'm cuming damn you." The words slipped from her lips as he took her over the edge. Sir manipulated the vibrator on and off, each time coinciding with her body's rhythm. Kate could her music in the background; softly playing as each ripple of pleasure washed over her body. Louder and louder it became until she opened her eyes.

The room was dark and the covers were pushed off the bed. She was breathing heavily and his pussy had soaked the sheets. The alarm clock was playing the Enigma CD; it was 6:30 and time to get up and prepare for the day ahead...