 A warning to readers of DG Hears stories. Every now and then I get crazy and write a story with lots of sex. This is one of those stories. If you're not into a lot of sex, you might want to pass on this one.

This is a story about the age differences in loving, or at least sexual, relationships. As always a big thank you goes out to my editor Techsan for making my story a much better read. This story could have been put in a number of different categories.

*

"Harder, Ted, harder, faster, faster, I'm almost there, so good, oh, so good," said Nancy as she rode my hard cock.

I was lying on my back while my girlfriend straddled me with my cock buried deep inside of her. I loved this position. I could watch her boobs jiggle up and down while she rode me. I reached up and squeezed her mounds as I felt her pussy lips squeezing the life or at least the cum out of my dick.

"I'm coming, Baby. Can you feel in squirting in you?" I asked.

"Yes, Baby, oh, so good," she said as she stopped bouncing and started rubbing her pelvis against mine.

When her spasms stopped, she rolled off of me and laid on her back and lit her usual cigarette. "Ted, I need to talk to you."

"About what, baby?" I asked.

"I have to break up with you. God, I'm going to miss our sex sessions so much," she replied.

"Whoa! Back up a little here. I'm not going anywhere other than home and to work."

"Ted, I need more than I getting from you. I'm so sorry."

"You just got through saying how good I am and now it's not enough. I don't understand."

"The sex is great, Ted. It's the other things I need. Dancing, romance, a new sports car. I want to go to the country club and have fancy clothes. I want to be somebody."

"Nancy, I'm just a mechanic and a damn good one. I can't afford all those things and frankly, I don't care about most of them."

"That's what I mean, Ted. I think it has something to do with our ages, wants and needs."

"What? We're both twenty-four. What are you talking about?"

"I need an older man, one who can take care of me and get me the things I need and want."

"So you want a Sugar Daddy. What about sex with an old geezer?"

"Ted, sex doesn't mean as much to me as it does to you. As long as the old fart can get me off, I'll be happy. It's all the things he can do for me that count."

"Sounds like you already have one picked out."

"I do, Ted, it's one of the older managers at work. He just got divorced lately and he asked me out next Saturday. He's in his fifties but I don't care. He belongs to the country club and promised to take me there."

I got off the bed and started to get dressed. We had been dating for about six months. She was a good lay but we really weren't in love. I took the high road and wished her a nice life and told her that I hoped her dreams would come true. I left her apartment and headed home to my own.

Some people just needed more than others. I had a good job, hung with some of my friends and usually had a girlfriend for a short period of time. I didn't have all these big future dreams. I just pretty much lived one day at a time.

I considered myself a pretty decent guy. I've been with a lot of women but I was always honest and true to them. I didn't lie to them and tried to treat them fair. I never cheated on any woman that I was with. One gal at a time was plenty good for me. It just seemed that women are looking for more, but with me, what you see is what you get.

At work the next morning my boss, Brad, asked how my night went with Nancy?

"She broke up with me. She said the sex was great but she needed more. She's going to date some old fart that can buy her the things she wants."

"Don't worry about it, Ted. You'll be back in someone's saddle before you know it. I've never seen a guy bounce back the way you do when it comes to women. Some women want love and others want material things. Nancy just falls into the later category." 

"I know, Brad, but I'm a one-woman-at-a-time type guy so that means I'll have to look around again," I laughed.

"Try a younger gal this time, Ted. Maybe she'll think you're her older man." Brad was laughing harder than me.

"Any suggestions?" I asked Brad.

"What about that sexy college girl that always wears black. She sure is a cutie in an odd sort of way? You don't have to worry about buying her anything; her parents are well-to-do and buy her anything she wants."

"She's like sixteen; I'm not going to jail for a piece of tail."

Brad laughed. "She's eighteen and I hear she's wild. Her dad has her bringing in her little BMW for an oil change today. Maybe I'll let you handle this one."

"We'll see, no promises. I'm not so sure about dating young girls, even if they are eighteen," I replied.

Later that day young Sasha came driving up in her little BMW. Brad was right; she really was a cute gal with her short hair dyed black and a diamond stuck in the side of her nose. She was basically dressed in black with slacks and a little jacket.

"Hi there, are you Brad? My dad told me to bring my car in for an oil change."

"No, Brad's gone at the moment. I'm Ted, and I'll be your mechanic today if you don't mind?"

She smiled, "Mind? I don't mind a bit. Can I stay for awhile and watch you at work?" I could feel her coming on to me.

"Usually people drop off their car and we call them when it's finished. I guess I can make an exception for you."

I was getting a good look at her. She was cute with the prettiest dimples and smile. She was on the petite side. I decided to see if she might be interested in going out.

I pulled her car into the garage and hoisted it up and started the oil change. I knew she was staring at my ass every time I bent over. Now I knew how women felt when they were being stared at.

"Do you have a girlfriend?'" she asked.

"Nope, fresh out of a relationship," I answered. "What about you? Is there some guy out there waiting for you?"

"No, my parents don't want me involve in relationships while I'm in college. So I just go out and have fun. Why did you break up with your girlfriend?" she asked me.

"I didn't, she broke up with me. I was too young for her." I laughed.

"My God, how old was she - fifty or something?"

"As a matter of fact we were the same age. Don't ask me to explain," I answered.

"So ... are you over her? Would you like to go out with me?" she asked.

"Sasha, I don't think we would have a lot in common. You are a good looking girl but I don't think we share the same type interests."

"Hey, I don't want a long term relationship. I have a party to go to tomorrow night and I would prefer an escort. If you don't think you want to go...."

What was I doing here. A cute little chick like this and I was going to pass it up. I don't think so.

I interrupted her. "Where's the party at?"

"At a house near the college. One of the fraternities is throwing it. So, want to be my date?" She was smiling at me now and outwardly staring at my butt.

"Okay, it's a date. Where do you want me to pick you up at?"

"Let's just meet here at the station at seven."

"Seven it is." I finished her oil change and she was on her way.

--------------------- 

After work on Saturday, I headed home to clean up for my little Gothic gal. This was a little different than most of my relationships. It was her that was making the advances, I just went with the flow.

She pulled up right on time at the station. I waved bye to Brad as he was smiling and grabbed his crotch. I laughed as I approached her car. I slipped into the passenger seat and off we went.

I looked over at her and she again was dressed in black. This time she looked sexy as hell. A black net type blouse that you could see through. A black bra underneath. She had small breasts but perfect for her petite size. Her skirt was black leather and had ridden most of the way up her thighs. By leaning forward, I could see black panties. When she saw me look she gave me a smile. I knew then this was going to be a night to remember.

We pulled up near a big house with a lot of cars parked in the yard. You could hear the noise - or music if you prefer - coming from the house. We got out of the car and I escorted my teeny bopper gothic date into the house. A couple of guys were at the door collecting money. I handed him a twenty and received no change. I guess that was for the beer.

Sasha was hugging everyone in sight and introduced me to most of her friends. There were barrels of beer everywhere and I grabbed a glass. Sasha asked for one and I gave it to her. We headed to what might have been called a dance floor and Sasha pressed her tiny body into mine.

The music was some kind of rap or something. To me it was awful. Maybe I was past this stage in my life, I don't know but some cuddling and mellow music would be a Godsend. We were there for about an hour when I mentioned to Sasha that I was uncomfortable there.

"What's the problem, Teddy?" she asked me.

Teddy? I'm a twenty-four year old man and my date was calling me Teddy. I could feel the age difference in the air, even though it was only six years difference between us. The only problem was she had one fine body and I wanted to play with it. I know that didn't sound good but it was the truth. Every time I looked at her little body, it screamed, "Take me!"

"The age group of your friends. Most seem like they are under twenty-one and everyone is drinking. I can also smell the weed."

"Where do you want to go, Teddy?" 

"Anywhere but here. I'm twenty-four and an adult. If this place gets busted I could get in big trouble. Besides, you shouldn't be drinking either."

She made the rounds and said goodbye to her friends and we hopped back into her car and I saw those black panties again. She started the car and before we left, she reached over and squeezed my package which was getting hard from just looking between her thighs.

"Do you want to have sex, Teddy?"

I could forgive her for calling me Teddy since we were alone. All I could think of now was getting between her thighs. I leaned over and kissed her. She had a pin through her tongue also but it didn't bother me that much. It did feel a bit different when we kissed. I reached between her legs and squeezed her mound. Soft, wet and hot would be the best way to describe this little vixen. She moaned into my mouth as I squeezed her pussy.

"I want you, Teddy; I want your cock."

I sat back in my seat as she drove off. I did ask her about the pin in her tongue and she told me I would be glad she had it later. I had no idea what she was talking about. We didn't go very far when she pulled in front of an apartment. 

"This is where I live with my girlfriends during college. They're all still off for holiday break. Come with me. There is no one here right now."

I followed my little vixen dressed in black into her apartment. As soon as we went to her room she sat on the side of her bed and as I approached her she started undoing my belt buckle and was smiling. She unzipped my dockers and let them fall to the floor. I had on my tighty whities which were extremely tight at the present time due to a large hard-on. 

She pulled my underwear over my hard cock and down my legs. It was all happening so quickly that I just stood there and let her do her thing. She grabbed the base of my cock and wrapped her lips around the head of it and started sucking. Damn, I could feel that tongue pin rubbing against my cock like a french tickler. It must have set off the nerves in my cock. I couldn't believe the head I was getting from this young woman.

I put my hands on the side of her head for support as she sucked my cock. I watched as her saliva coated my now distended rod. I didn't want to blow off in her mouth, I wanted between her thighs, so I pushed her head back lightly to disengage her mouth from my cock.

"Sasha, Sasha baby, that was so good but I need to fuck you,"

She smiled at me and stood up and pulled the net top over her head. She then reached around and undid her mini leather skirt and let it drop to the floor. While she was doing that, I stepped out of my pants and shorts and slipped my shirt off also. She was in bra and black panties and I was naked with a hard cock sticking out. She reached over in her night stand, picked up a condom, opened the package and removed it.

"I always practice save sex, Teddy," she remarked.

She opened her mouth and slipped the condom into it somehow and then put it on my cock using only her mouth. I had seen it done on 'Real Sex' on HBO but never saw it done in person and surely never had it done to me.

She slid her panties off and moved up on the bed and spread her legs. I slipped my cock into her moist hot pussy and started pumping like hell. She was able to put her legs against my shoulders for support while I pounded her pussy. This little gal had squirmed more than your average snake.

"Come on, Teddy, give it to me, fuck your little gothic girl, more cock Teddy, Sasha needs more cock."

I was pumping for all I was worth. I felt myself ready to come. I didn't want to because she hadn't reached her orgasm yet. I couldn't help it; Since she gave me that blow job I was starting to come. I shot a load into the condom.

"Not yet, Teddy, please not yet. I'm almost there."

I know she felt me come even though I had a condom on. I could see her still trying to get there and knew how to help her. It's one thing I learned with age. I pulled out of her.

"No, Teddy, no, I need more," she was saying.

I dropped to my knees on the floor and pulled her by the legs to the edge of the bed and stuck my face into her pussy.

"Yes, Baby, yes, yes," she exclaimed.

I began eating her out. I spread her lower lips and sucked and tongued her young pussy. I took two fingers and started rubbing her nub as she moved her pussy all over the place.

"Oh, yes, Teddy, that's it, eat me, Baby, eat me now."

I could feel her climax building and all of a sudden she screamed out and grabbed the back of my head and pulled my face tightly against her pussy. I could feel her juices against my tongue as she squirmed more and more against my face. I was afraid she wouldn't let go. I needed to breathe. My nose and mouth were buried against her pussy.

Finally she let go and I backed away and took a deep breath. She came forward and starting kissing me.

"Honey, I have your juices all over my face," I spoke.

"I love the way I taste," she said as she continued kissing her juices off my face.

I stood up and walked into the bathroom and took off the condom and took a piss. I went over to the sink and washed her remaining juices off my face.

When I went back in the bedroom she had her bra off. She had also walked over to the fridge and got us each a beer and handed me one. We both sat on the edge of the bed.

"Do your parents know you drink and smoke weed?" I asked.

"No to the beer, they don't know I drink some, and I don't smoke anything. My friends do but I don't need it. I get my highs off sex. You're good. Are you ready to fuck me again?"

"Wow! You really are a wild one. Let me finish my beer first. Then I'll give it another shot."

She had small but nice looking tits. She had a little butterfly tattoo above her left breast.

"Like my butterfly? I have a big one on my lower back. You'll get to see it when you fuck me from behind. Did you see my dolphin tatoo? It was right above my mound. Did you see it?"

"No, afraid not. I was busy seeing everything below it," I laughed.

I pushed her on her back on the bed and looked for the dolphin.

"Here it is. I see it. Mind if I kiss it?"

I leaned down and kissed her mound and then the dolphin. I slipped two fingers into her moist opening. She wasn't kidding; she was ready to go again.

"Kiss my little butterfly," she said.

We both crawled up on the bed and laid next to each other. I gave her butterfly a kiss and proceeded to suck on her nipples. They became hard almost instantly. I massaged one breast while kissing the other.

She was into it again. I kissed my way down her young body spending a few minutes on her tummy. She handed me another condom and smiled. I had no problem using condoms when I really didn't know the woman that well. I wanted sex, not a disease.

I put this condom on myself as she turned over and got up on her knees leaning down on her forearms with her ass in the air.

"Fuck me from behind, Teddy. I love it that way."

I got behind her and saw this beautiful ass waiting on me. I slowly slid my cock into her pussy from behind. I knew I would be awhile cumming since I had just cum minutes before. I did a slow in and out motion into her wet and hot pussy.

"Do you see my big butterfly, Teddy?" she asked between groans.

"I can't miss it. It covers your whole lower back."

"Do you like it?"

What's a guy suppose to say at this point? You're fucking a woman and your cock is buried deep in her. It could have been a picture of anything and I would have said I loved it.

"It's really pretty. I love all the colors. Too bad you didn't put it on your butt cheeks and while your butts shaking it would have looked like it was flying."

"You think so?" she asked.

"No, Sasha, it's beautiful just the way it is." I was afraid she would take me seriously and go have one put on her butt cheeks.

My night with Sasha went on for a couple of more hours. I honestly can say she wore me out. I don't think I could keep up with her if I had to. I told Brad about the little vixen and he just laughed.

Sasha and I went out one more time after that. The sex was great but we had nothing else in common. She made me feel like an old man.

After our second date she came into the garage and told me she wasn't allowed to date me anymore. Apparently her parents heard a rumor that she was dating an older man and told her to stop dating him, which was me, or they wouldn't pay for her schooling and would take back her BMW.

She said she was sorry and that I was a great lay but couldn't take any chances of losing her car and schooling. She took me to our back room and gave me a goodbye fuck. I do have to say that I'm going to miss the little gothic vixen. Every time a gothic gal comes into the garage, I think of Sasha.

Things were back to normal and Brad and I were talking about life in general. He was married to Julie who was a wonderful and good looking woman. He had two kids of his own and was a great father. I often wondered where I would end up. I sure would like to have a life like Brad.

"Well, Ted, who's next? You've tried your age, younger, maybe it's time to find an older woman," he laughed.

"I don't hardly think so. I can't see myself bedding down a woman the age of my mother," I laughed.

"Hey, Ted, don't knock the older woman till you've tried it. Julie is eight years older than me and it's the best decision I've ever made."

"I'll keep that in mind Brad," I told him even though I didn't think it would happen.

---------------------- 

The first week of January rolled around and I was headed home after work. Brad usually stayed open an hour or so later some days.

I was headed for home when I saw a car pulled to the side of the road and smoke was coming from the hood. I pulled up behind the car and there sitting in the drivers seat was a woman crying. I knocked on her window. She rolled it down about half way and looked at me.

"Can I give you a hand, madame?"

"My cars smoking and I don't know what to do." She was crying. "I called AAA and they said they would be here in about an hour. I just got off the phone with them."

"Look, I'm a mechanic and I can take a look at it for you and we can go from there." I walked to the front of the car and told her to hit the hood release.

She stepped out of the car and came to where I was standing. She was a beautiful full-figured woman. She wasn't fat or heavy for that matter. She looked like she might be in her early forties with a nice full figure and had meat on her bones type woman. She was dressed like she was going out for the evening. Her dress showed her ample breasts but not in a slutty way. The dress she was wearing came down about two inches above her knees. She had on high heels but they were only a couples of inches high. I guess you would say she was a sexy older woman who looked good for her age.
