 The girl from the agency rang to ask if I'd be free to take an urgent assignment at an out of town business in the morning. She was apologetic at the short notice but said it was for an important client whom they did not want to let down. As I had nothing planned for the day I was happy to accept. She promised to e-mail the details to me, including a confidentiality agreement. I was rather surprised at this but agreed to sign it.

Arriving at Reception in the morning, I was taken to the Boardroom by the Receptionist who explained that the Chairman's PA had been taken ill suddenly the day before whilst in the midst of preparing for an important Board meeting today. 

I just had time to take a quick look around the beautiful room when the door at the other end opened and a tall, silver haired gentleman strode in. He was wearing a beautifully cut suit with a crisp white shirt and an understated tie. I noticed the double cuff of his shirt peeping out from the sleeve of his suit jacket as he held out his hand towards me. I always notice men's hands and his was tanned with long, well manicured fingers. As I shook hands with him, I felt a slight tingle up my arm. He had a nice, firm grip. Always a good sign I thought to myself and was suddenly excited to be there. It turned out he is the Chairman.

The Receptionist left and we were alone. He gave me a piercing glance and took his time looking at me from head to toe. I was glad I was wearing my new suit and my favourite pale pink silk blouse which looks deceptively modest under the jacket but actually was cut short, ending at the waistband of my skirt and had little bows instead of buttons holding it together. The way he was checking me out made me even more glad I was wearing a lacy silk body underneath, as well as stockings and high heels. I felt breathless for some reason and as I took a deep breath, I saw his eyes lingering on my chest and the gap in the blouse which the movement opened up. His hand automatically reached out as if to touch me there when the door behind him opened and in walked several suited men. I was introduced to them and was told I am to take the Minutes of the meeting and was asked if I had signed the confidentiality agreement. I confirmed indeed I had.

I have to admit I had trouble concentrating, so conscious was I of the Chairman just a few feet away from me. I had the feeling he was not completely unaware of me either, as I could feel him glancing my way from time to time. When I was asked to distribute a report around the table at one point, just as I leaned forward to put his copy in front of him, he turned his head which brushed against my breast. It was electric and my nipples hardened immediately. He gave me a knowing look and his right hand, hidden by the table, reached under my skirt and stroked the inside of my thigh though my silk stocking. My legs almost buckled and it was all I could do to get back to my chair. 

It seemed as if the meeting went on for ever before it finally finished. As everyone was leaving, the Chairman told them he would join them later as he needed to go through the Minutes with me before I typed them up. 

At last we were alone. I felt as if my whole body was on fire and every little movement sent delicious shivers from the wet, swollen lips between my legs up to my equally swollen and rock hard nipples. He pushed his huge leather seat back from the table, leaned back and motioned me to come towards him. I stood there, between him and the huge table, legs trembling. His hands reached out and pushed my jacket half way down my arms, effectively imprisoning them and pushing out my chest. The little bows holding my blouse together were straining and my nipples were clearly outlined. His eyes held mine as his long, tanned fingers pulled each bow all the way down until the blouse opened up to show my breasts straining against the lace. 

He leaned forward, his head just inches away from my chest. I could feel his hot breath on my sensitive and swollen nipples as his fingers slipped under the thin straps of my lace body and pushed them down my shoulders, exposing my breasts. I wanted to grab his hands and make them touch me but my arms were caught up in my jacket sleeves behind me. He knew he was teasing me, making me wait. 

Next, he ran his hands up my legs, pushing up my skirt until it was bunched around my waist and he could see my stockings and more ... my swollen lips straining against the lace, almost spilling out on either side of the crotch. I leaned back on the table behind me and my legs automatically parted. With the lightest of touch, he pulled open the poppers, exposing me to his gaze. He then looked up at me and raised his eyebrows, as if enquiring what to do next. Bastard! He wanted me to beg. 

I looked down at him, at the bulge between his legs. Two can play the game! I found the strength to pull myself away from the table and shook off my jacket, freeing my arms. Without taking my eyes off him, I very carefully pulled the zip down over the hard bulge without touching it. He moved his arms, as if to free his rigid member from its confines. I pushed them back. I was in charge now. I knelt down between his legs and slowly pulled the material aside. His cock sprang out, the purple tip glistening with pre cum, his shaved balls heavy. My long painted nails slowly scratched them as I flicked my tongue to its tip. He moaned and arched his back. I started to take him into my mouth, inch by inch, holding him back from pushing the whole hard length into my mouth. He held my head as I started to move, flicking my tongue and sucking him. 

After a few minutes, he pulled me up and lifted me so that I straddled him on his chair, my legs on either side of him. His hands squeezed my buttocks as his mouth found my nipples at last, sucking them, biting them gently. I threw my head back as I pushed my breasts against his face. I felt his hands brushing against my swollen wetness as his fingers rub its length and found my sensitive clitoris and started rubbing it with the tip of his hard cock. 

I wanted it inside me ... my hot, wet, tight pussy desperate to feel it sliding inside. I started to sink onto it and as my orgasm started, he pulled me onto him so that he was all the way inside. His cock was tight inside me as waves of pleasure spread through my body and along his cock, gripping it as my inner muscles rippled with my orgasm. I wrapped my legs around him as he stood up and pushed me onto the edge of the table behind me so that he could penetrate me over and over again until he exploded inside me. 

I was now lying on the table, my legs still wrapped around him and he was still inside me. He leaned down and kissed me as his hands squeezed my breasts and played with my nipples, making me arch my back and cum again. I could feel him getting hard inside me and he started moving, with long, slow strokes, both of us enjoying the sensation of each stroke until the urgency overtook us and the strokes became harder and faster and we came together.

He stood back and zipped himself up, looking immaculate once more. Gently, he pulled me up and put my breasts back into the lace cups. He re-tied the bows of my blouse and pulled up my jacket into place. He then knelt down between my legs, kissing and sucking my pussy and clitoris until I shuddered to another orgasm. Without a word, he pressed the poppers back into place, pulled my skirt down and set me up on my feet.

We were both ready to face the rest of the Board again.