 I'm thirty minutes early for the meeting, being his assistant I have to set up the conference room. Having this meeting at 8pm means I skipped dinner to be here, it's that important. If we can land this contract it will be a huge thing for the company, there may even be a pay rise in it for some of us. 

I place my bag on a chair and get to work. I use my key to open the supply cupboard and take out a brand new pack of note pads and a new box of pens. I open the note pads and place one on the table in front of every chair and a pen on top of each pad. Next I get water glasses and place them around the table, the refrigerator in the corner of the room is stocked with bottles of water which I will distribute when the meeting begins. 

I hear him come into the office, so I quickly grab my bag and run into the ladies room. In the bathroom I change from my flats into my heels and check my hair. The elegant chignon from this morning has lost its setting so I decide to remove the clips from my hair, letting it loose and cascading around my shoulders. I grab my brush out of my bag and run it through my hair, the chignon has left my hair with a bouncy curl which I like. I check my dress, making sure there are no stains on the white of the fabric. Once satisfied I grab my lipstick out of my bag and apply the dusky rose colour to my lips. I usually wear nude lipstick to the office but changed my bag this morning leaving this colour as my only choice. The colour isn't very very bold so it will have to do. 

I exit the bathroom and head back to the conference room, passing by his office quickly. "Sam?" I hear him call. 

"Yes Mr London" I reply from the conference room doorway. 

"Can you please make sure there are note pads and pens around the table? And make sure you set out a place for yourself, I need you to stay and take notes for me." He calls from his office. 

"Pads and pens already set out sir and I'll add a place for me." 

"Thank you!" 

I head to my little office and grab my iPad, taking notes on that will be much easier. I head back to the conference room and place it at the end of the table, opposite his place. I also get myself a glass. 

He walks into the room, looking at his phone "Sam they're arriving now is everything...?" He trails off as he looks up at me, his mouth slightly gaped. "I've never seen you with your hair down... pretty" That last word sounded like it should've been a personal thought but I don't draw attention to it. 

"Thank you sir. Is there anything else you need before the elevator arrives?" I ask. He shakes his head as we hear the ding and the doors open. 

"John..." the first man exiting the elevator says, extending his hand to him. 

He shakes his hand. "How are you Bob?" Several other people get out of the elevator behind Mr Kellerman, he always travels with an entourage. 

"Can't complain. Let's get this show on the road shall we?" Mr Kellerman walks into the conference room and takes a seat in the middle of the table with his back to the window. His assistant Ms Deacon sits to his right and the other members of the party take seats around the table. I get up from my place at the table and get the bottles of water out of the refrigerator and hand them out. I can feel someone looking at me, like their eyes are boring through me. I ignore it before taking my seat and opening the notes app on my iPad. 

The meeting gets underway, I follow everything that's being said, writing in my code so I can interpret them later. 

As I listen to his voice I realise how incredibly sexy it is, I shift slightly in my seat and notice the dampness in my panties. I close my eyes and take a deep breath as I try to erase the thoughts of him slamming me up against the wall and taking me hard and fast out of my mind. I open my eyes and look up straight into his brown eyes, I feel the dampness grow as our eyes lock, the small moan he lets out causing me to soak my panties. 

I stand, embarrassed. "I'm sorry may I be excused?" I ask.

He licks his lips and nods his head. I head to the bathroom, stepping into the stall and locking the door behind me. I lean against it, "fuck!" I say gently as I shimmy out of my underwear. I have no spares in my bag so I have to go without underwear. 

I throw the panties on the floor behind the toilet and flush, stepping out of the cubicle and washing my hands. 

When I get back in the conference room, they all have beaming smiles. "What did I miss?" 

He smiles at me. "We reached an agreement to combine our companies!" I smile and clap. 

"That's fantastic! I'm looking forward to working with you Mr Kellerman." I respond as I shake his hand. 

"I might have to steal your assistant away from you John, she's marvellous. And may I say very easy on the eye!" 

"Sam will be staying here Bob" he chuckles and waves goodbye, his fans following suit. The elevator doors close and he lets out a huge sigh. 

I'm already clearing up the table when he comes back in. Gasping at the sight of me bending over it. I hear footsteps behind me but I do not turn, thinking he is going to help me clean up. 

He stands behind me, eyeing up my ass bent over the table. I move slightly on my feet and he moans. Thoughts race through my mind, should I? I sigh and move back ever so slightly until my ass grazes him, I feel his erection straining through his pants. He groans and reaches out, grabbing my hips and pulling me to him. I gasp. 

"Mr London!" He thrusts his hips forward, jerking me upright. He spins me around and grabs the back of my head, possessing my mouth with his. My arms wrap around his neck as he kisses me, his tongue invading my mouth. I return his kiss as he grabs my ass and lifts me onto the table, opening my legs and moving between them. He shrugs out of his suit jacket and continues kissing me, loosening his tie before removing it. My fingers fumble with his shirt buttons, undoing them quickly, eager to get him shirtless. I pull his shirt off of his shoulders and throw it across the room. I unbutton his pants, pushing them down, freeing his raging hard on. He steps out of them and moves them out of the way. 

His hand slips up my dress, he moan as he finds my bare pussy, wet and ready. He pulls me to my feet and reaches around to the back of my dress to undo the zipper, slipping it off my arms and watching it fall to the floor below us. He lifts me back onto the table and kicks my dress away, his hands caressing my breasts as he kisses me again. 

He pushes me onto my back and kneels, coming face to face with my dripping cunt. He blows gently, making me sigh in pleasure. Before placing his entire mouth over my mound, sucking me. I moan and groan, my head rolling side to side as I play with my breasts. 

He releases my pussy from his mouth and licks his lips. He opens me up with his fingers and flicks his tongue over my hard bud. "Ohhhhh... fuck!" I moan, as his tongue continues it's relentless flicking over my clit. I feel an orgasm building deep inside me, my pussy creaming at the thought of an orgasm. He takes my clit between his lips and sucks, gently flicking his tongue over my bean. I reach down and grab the back of his head, grinding my pussy on his face, chasing my orgasm. It hits hard, making my hips jerk and my toes curl. I ride the waves of pleasure, my body convulsing in climax, his tongue still licking as the spasms subside. 

He stands, evidence of my orgasm running down his chin. I sit up and pull him to me, kissing him passionately, tasting myself on his kiss. 

I jump down off the table, my juices running down my legs as I kneel in front of him. Licking the precum off of his cock, then lifting his cock up to lick from his balls up the underside of his cock to the tip and back down again. I repeat that three times before I take his cock in my mouth, taking it to the back of my throat. His hand grips the back of my head and holds me in place as he shoves his cock in and out of my mouth. He groans as I suck his cock, he grabs my hair and pulls my to my feet. 

He spins me around, bending me over the table and wets the tip of his cock with my pussy juices before sliding inside me. He grabs my hips and begin moving in and out of me. My breasts are pressed against the table, my hands splayed out in front of me as his hips thrust hard, he grunts as I use my inner muscles to squeeze around his cock. 

That releases his inner beast and he reaches out with his left hand to grab my hair, pulling me into him hard. His right hand spanking my ass, leaving red hand prints as his relentless fucking almost splits me in two. I moan and groan as he pounds me, he reaches around to grab my throat making me cum hard around his cock. He chokes me as his fucking becomes primal, I can tell he's seconds away from coming. 

"Fuck me Sir!" I shout, he growls as his orgasm hits and he shoots his load into me, before it drips out and onto the conference room floor. 

He turns my head to kiss me, breathing hard. "Well... that was unexpected" 

I giggle. "Yes it was Sir" He spins me around and pulls me close, wrapping his arms around me. Compared to how he just fucked me, this was intimate, sweet. 

"I'd like to do that again if you're interested." He says as he places a kiss on my forehead. 

"Now?" I ask. 

"No not right now, but again. And again." He says as he bends to pick up his pants and my dress. He throws my dress onto the table next to me. 

"Yes!" I reply. He smiles and get begins to get dressed. I sit on the table and watch him before starting to get dressed myself. 

"I've changed my mind..." he says. I sigh, disappointed. "Yes now" I look confused. "I'm going to fuck you again, right now!" He grabs my dress out of my hands and throws it to the end of the table and steps between my legs. He grabs my head and kisses me as he spears my still dripping pussy with his cock. 

I moan, he grabs my arms and wraps them around his neck, then my legs around his waist. He begins thrusting his hips hard, making me bounce off the table. He kisses me passionately as he pounds me, chasing his orgasm...

END OF PART ONE