 She watched him, wondering what he was reading. The kids screamed, the birds squawked, and still he didn't look up. Going up to him, she asked him if it's alright if she sat with him. Looking up from the book he told her to go ahead.

"What are you reading, if you don't mind my asking?"

"It's a book on 50 positions for women to have great sex," he answered

"Wow! Have you tried any of them?" she asked.

"No, just learning so when I do, I'll know how to give her more pleasure," he said.

She sat there quietly composing her next question. When he turned the page she saw pictures of some the positions.

She gasped.

"Is that really possible?" she questioned.

"Don't know, but it would be fun trying," he said.

"Your girlfriend is one lucky lady. My ex, he'd never do anything like that.

"It was wam, bam, and no thanks honey for the great sex, then he was gone," she said.

"Have no girl, she left me for someone richer."

The next day she saw him again, sitting on the rock reading.

Walking over to him, she greeted him with a happy "Hi, I see you've come back, Are you still reading the same book?"

"Hi," he answered, "I was wondering if I'd run into you again. My name is Cory, and I have something for you." He pulled out a brown paper bag and handed it to her. Taking it, she sat down next to him on the rock. Opening it she found it was a book just like his. "My name is Grace"

"Oh, Thank you, but I don't know when I'll be able to use it," she told him and got up when she felt his hand on her arm.

"Don't go, I thought we could go over to the spot by the boat over there and look together," he said.

"Let me go get some sandwiches and drinks and I'll be right back."

"Good, and I'll get some stuff to sit on," he said. He went up to his house, and grabbed pillows and a blanket, putting them in a chair he took off his deck, went back down to the beach to wait for Grace to come back.

Grace ran into her house, which was two doors down from his, and found the picnic basket. Opening the ice box she pulled out all kinds of food and grabbed a bottle of wine. Putting everything in the basket she ran into her room and put her bikini on and went outside. She saw him, and saw that he had brought out pillows and a huge blanket for them to lay on. Standing at the edge of the blanket she saw him rubbing the bulge in his pants.

"This is alot of food, but I wasn't sure what you liked, so I got a little of everything," she said as she sat the hamper down at the side of the blanket. Looking up he motioned for her to sit next to him on the blanket.

"Look what I found! This sounds like fun and look easiest to do. It's call the Hunched Goblin, She is in doggy position, he stands on both feet in back of her, then he crouches behind her, and he enters her from behind. Sounds like fun, I'd like to try that," he said as he showed her the picture.

"Oh I think this is interesting," she quickly spoke, "The Lap Dance, he sits in a chair, and she moves toward him with her back to him and sits on his hard cock. Oh and this one too, same as the Lap Dance but she faces him!" she showed him the picture.

They spent the rest of the afternoon looking thru their books, taking breaks for eating, talking and some swimming. At one point in the afternoon she put the book down and told him she was going to take a nap.

Putting his book down between them they lay side by side, facing each other. With the cool winds blowing around them they fell asleep, waking once to find they had move closer to each other. They awoke again as the sun was sitting, he asked her if she had any plans for tonight. She told him she didn't.

"Would you like to spend the evening out here on the beach, and have a cookout?" he asked her.

"Yes I'd love to!" she told him.

" I'll just be a minute have to run up and get theee grill, be right back," he said, then leaned in and placed a kiss on her mouth, and was gone that quick.

She watched him get the grill going and put on the meat. His hands were so big, yet they seemed to be very gentle at the same time.

"Foods done, would you grab the plates for me?" he asked.

Grabbing the plates she took them to him and he put everything on the two plates. He went to the cooler and grabbed a bottle of wine, and opened the bottle, gave her a glass.

they had three glasses with dinner, and then spent the rest of the evening talking and drinking.

By the time the bottle was empty, an hour, or so had passed, they were both tipsy, and feeling very good.

"You know Cory we spent the whole day going over the book and not once did either one of us say that it made us horny, it did me. How about you Cory did the book make you horny?"

"Oh God Grace, did it ever. I kept thinking about you and I doing the things we were reading about.

"It was you who was giving that lap dance."

He paused a long time and then slowly and quietly asked,

"Would you give me a lap dance Grace?"

She stood up and undid her bikini bottoms, dropping them to the blanket.

"Front lap dance or back?" she asked him. She straddled his legs and lowered her body to his.

Grabbing her hip he guided her onto his waiting big rock hard cock.

"OH SWEET BABY, YES, GOD YES, RIDE ME BABY, RIDE MY HARD COCK!" he groaned in her ear as he pulled her closer, getting his cock in deeper. She felt his cock throbbing, and knew he was getting ready to cum. So she squeezed her pussy muscles onto him harder, making her pussy even tighter preventing him from pulling out.

Only that made him plunge into her harder and his cum exploded deep inside her pussy.

"OH GOD I'M CUMMMMINGGGG!!!" he screamed.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!" she screamed.

When the world came to a stand still for both of them he took her into his arms and kissing her, melting the last of her inhibitions. They spend the rest of the night fucking in all the positions they could, even some that they didn't think they could. As the sun came up over the water Cory turned to her and asked her to come up to his house where they could continue trying out the things in the book. She nodded her head yes and followed him up the steps leading to his home.

Once inside he pulled her into his arms kissing her, giving her his tongue. Taking it she sucked on his tongue, swirling her tongue around his, as her hands explored his body, and his hers. With his back against the door she knelt before him and pulled down his trunks. His cock sprang out at her, taking it in her hands, she stroked him, running her hands up and down his cock shaft.

Looking down at her kneeling before him, he couldn't believe his luck at finding a beautiful lady willing to do, or try anything with him. He watch as she licked his cockhead, felt her tongue slide down his shaft to his balls. Then she put both of his balls in their sac into her mouth, he grabbed her shoulders.

"OOOOOOOOOOOHHHH, GOOOOOOODDDD!!!!" he cried out, with a groan. His hands went for her head, pulling her closer. She licked and sucked on his balls for a long time; he didn't think he'd be able to take any more.

Slowly she took his balls out of her mouth, and licked her way up his cock. She could feel it throbbing very hot. Licking the head, she got it nice and wet then she closed her mouth on his cockhead. Her tongue explored the single eye at the tip of his cock, thrusting in and wiggling around in its pee hole.

Taking his cock deep into her throat she felt his cock swell, then he exploded. She kept swallowing his cum; he must have cum at least three times, but she drank every drop he gave her.

He watched as she licked every drop of cum off him. She licked him clean and hard again.

Pulling her up to stand before him, he wrapped her in his arms and carried her into his room.

Sitting her on his bed, he whispered "Never has a lady, ever given me what you just gave me Grace."

"You make it sound like you've never had a lady give you a blow job before," she said.

"I've had them before, but never that way, or the feelings you've given to me while I watched you. You made me harder, bigger, and hotter than any lady ever has."

"Well I've never wanted to do what I just did before, I don't know if you can understand, but with you I wanted to do it, and I wanted it to be the best," she said.

"I understand what you're saying Grace, now it's my turn to give to you just what you gave to me. Lay back, and keep your ass at the edge of the bed," he told her.

Grabbing some pillows he knelt on the floor in front of her and gently guided her legs wide, really wide open.

"You're all wet, and juicy baby, you love sucking cocks don't you?" he asked.

"Only yours Cory, only YOUUUUUUUURRRSSS!" she cried out, as she felt his big middlefinger slide into her wet, ready, and wanting vagina. He leaned over and licked her clit, up and down slowly, making her cry out again, and again. Reaching into his night stand drawer he pulled out a huge 12 inch life like dildo, flipped a switch and slid it in her pussy. Her hands grabbed his head pushed her hips up into his face.

"OH GOD CORY, YES SUCK ME, FUCK ME, GOOOOOOODDD MAKE ME CUM!!!" she screamed.

He sucked her clit into his mouth and sucked hard while he moved the dildo in and out faster.

She moved so much that he had to grab her and force his weight down on her to hold her still. Lifting her legs he placed them over his shoulders and moved in closer still, this put his whole mouth over her pussy and moved the dildo up into her asshole. He knew she was close because her muscle were tightening up on his tongue and fingers.

"HO GOD CORY I'M GOING TO CUM!" she cried out, and threw her hips forward into his mouth, sinking the dildo deeper into her ass. He grabbed on harder and held onto her hips, and slipped another finger inside her pussy.

"AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!, I'M CUMMMMMMMMMMMINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!" she screamed.

She stayed with him for the next two weeks, till a phone call put the brakes on it.

"I'm sorry for leaving so quickly Grace, but I have a meeting I can't put off any longer. I'll be back please believe me," he said, then kissed her good bye.

She stood by her door watching him leaving in the cab. She went into her bedroom and cried herself to sleep that night. For the next month, she went to work came home to a lonely house and spend the evening looking at the book he'd given her, wishing he would come back. The next morning she was late getting to work. Her Boss told her she had to stay late, she missed eating lunch, because she had to type up the contract he needed for signing that afternoon.

Some where around 4 or 5 pm she stood up to get the file for Mr. Peterman, her boss, when she felt light headed, then passed out on the floor.

The next thing she remembered was waking up in the hospital, the Doctors telling her she was going to have a baby. She fainted.

"So how is she Doc.?" he asked.

"She'll be fine once she gets over the shock of me telling her she's going to be a new mommy," Doc told his best friend.

"You know Cory if I didn't know any better, I'd think you're in love with this lady, and she was having your baby."

"I am, and she is." Cory told him.

"Well congrats old friend, and good luck," Doc said.

"When can I take her home?" Cory asked.

"In a few hours after all the tests come back, I think you better go in and see her, she's been calling for you, from what the nurses tell me," Doc told him.

"Call me before you tell her she's going home, I have to finish the contract then I'm hers forever," Cory told his friend.

"Will do, Cory, but hurry, you can't keep your lady waiting forever."

Cory dialed on his cell phone. "Hello? yes, have the contract waiting, I'll be there in 10 minutes to sign. Have someone pack Grace's things and wait for me to pick them up too." He paused for words from the other end.

"Peterman have it ready or I go to someone else," Cory said into the phone as he got into the limo.

It took all of 15 minutes to sign and collect the check for the company he just sold. He had Grace's things in the trunk of the limo, and was on his way back to the hospital, when his cell phone rang again.]

"Hello, yes, am on my way now will be there in about 5 minutes. Have her downstairs and waiting," he said into the phone.

"Come on Grace your ride's going to be here shortly, and we have to get you down stairs to wait for him,' the nurse said. She didn't know who was coming, but at the moment she didn't care, all she wanted to do was go home.

Waiting outside in the shade, she watched as a limo pulled up. A man got out. When he turned toward her she saw it was Cory, she ran into his arms.

Lifting her, he said to the driver, "Put her things in the trunk Fred, and let's go home." Getting into the limo, he waited for Fred to come back in. Fred activated the private screen and drove them home. Cory turned to her, and pulled her onto his lap.

"Oh baby, I've missed you," he said kissing her. Her hands moved to his pants, found him hard, and wanting.

"Go ahead baby, take him out, we have all the time in the world," he whispered in her ear.

Unzipping his pants, she pulled out his hard cock, rubbing her hand up and down his man meat.

"MMMMMMMMM, feels so good to be in your hands again baby," he whispered in her ear as he licked and tickled on her earlobe.

He slid his hand down her body to rest between her legs, slowly drawing circles on her thighs, inching forward little by little till he found she had on no undies, just her wet pussy greeting his fingers, and wanting the same thing he wanted.

"Put him inside you, Grace," he urged.

She pulled his excited member down and pushed his cock into her pussy.

He grabed her ass, and pulled her hard to him, burying his cock deeply in her. He knows it will be a quick one, because they been away from each other for long time. The limo came to a stop, but Fred just got out and took the boxes and bags into the house, and waited there till Cory told him he could go home. He may not have been able to see what was happing but he could hear it, and he wanted to get home to fuck his wife.

"Thanks Fred, and tell your wife thank you for getting everything ready on such short notice" Cory told Fred.

Once the door closed after Fred left he turned to find Grace had taken off her clothes and was standing there, looking in the mirror and holding her tummy. Walking up behind her he wrapped his arms around her.

"MMMMMM, I see a beautiful, sexy lady, who's going to be my babies mommy!" he said.

"How did you know?" she asked in shock.

"I was in your Boss's office when you passed out and heard him scream. You know he screams like a girl? He whispered, while licking her neck.

"MMMMMM, thought you weren't coming back," she confessed.

"I know, after I signed the papers I was going to come out and surprise you, but I was surprised with the wonderful news, of being a daddy!" he said.

Picking her up he carried her into the livingroom, sitting her down on the couch, he stood, as she watched him undress.

"Cory I want to try the pile driver!"

"Then you better beat me to the bedroom baby, cause I want the rail splitter," he told her. He followed her up the stairs and into what was to be their room from now on.

"Beat you, now I get what I want!" she laughed.

"Yes baby you get what you want, then I get my turn," he gently told her.