 Author's note: This episode of an extended romantic memoir includes mature and group sex, and cheating, and incest, and tragedy. The tale is probably fairly fictional. All sexual acts involve conscious humans of age 18+. Views expressed are not necessarily the author's.

You do not NEED to read the previous two episodes (BEFORE RUTH and COMING FAST), but it will not hurt. Your feedback is appreciated.

*****

- 1984 - summer in Santa Monica

Katia raised herself nearly off my hard cock and then slammed down again.

We groaned together. I raised my hips to meet her thrusts. We moved in rhythm, Katia riding me like an expert equestrian, her beautiful naturally-tan boobs swaying joyously with her buckaroo bouncing, her caballera cunt clutching and corrading my red-hot cock. Just watching her jounce atop me was an evil delight.

"Nnnnph... ah ah ah... oh fuck oh oh..." Katia moaned incoherently.

The only other sounds came from her labored athletic breathing and the slap of her bubbly cheeks on my straining thighs. My firm hands on her hourglass hips steadied her as we slammed together.

Katia paused on an upstroke, her eyes scrunched shut in a tight grimace, then slowly slid down my cock - and wailed! And thrashed, almost epileptic in her violent twitchings.

My orgasm had been waiting in the wings for this moment. It's SHOWTIME, folks! My ejaculation took the spotlight in center stage and metaphorically chewed the scenery. My cock ranted and raved and ripped! I exploded inside Katia, quaked (magnitude 11) under her, unleashed a tantric tsunami into her tight cleft.

My bellow was not quite as loud as her scream. Not quite.

Katia rolled off me. We collapsed together, gasping, sweating, thoroughly sated. She pulled my face to hers and kissed me, giving me the last of her breath until she murmured, "Thanks, Randy. That was great. I really love being with you."

"You're pretty great too. Give me a few minutes and we can have at it again."

"Okay, for YOU, I'll wait a little bit. But don't you go to sleep or anything!"

I was twenty-four now. Getting old. Slowing down. Difficult to keep up with eighteen-year-old Katia. If her ex-classmate and best friend Ruth were here with us, would I be any more energetic? Well, maybe if I drank some espresso, and the girls drank wine...

Only a month had passed since that beach run where I reconnected with Ruth Shapiro and met Katia Fernandez. I promised Ruth a good get-together; all she had to do was call me. (See THE BOOK OF RUTH: COMING FAST for details.) But she never called. Katia called instead. We hooked up. We had lots of fun in those weeks.

Katia had opened up on our first 'date', a Mandarin take-out at my kitchen table followed by a few hours of sexual calisthenics is my oversize bed. As we shared mu shu pork and honey almond prawns and Almaden chablis, I memorized her classic Mixtec face, and she told me about Ruth.

"Y'know Ran, Ruth was really pissed at you, the way you teased her and left her. She was about ready to sneak up to your car and pour sugar in your gas tank, y'know, to, like, ruin your engine."

"Yeah? So what stopped her? By the way, to really fuck with someone's car, you don't use sugar. You drop a ping-pong ball into the gas tank. It doesn't do any damage. But the suction on the gas line pulls the ball over to block the outlet. Then the car engine dies, and the suction stops, the ball falls away, and the engine can start again, no problem. But a few minutes of run-time later, the ball blocks the outlet again, and the engine dies again. The owner probably takes it to a mechanic many times but they'll never find what's wrong. The only way to fix it is to pull the gas tank and cut it open. Fun fun fun, hey?" I chuckled.

"Oh fuck, that's nasty. I'd go crazy! But you wanna know what stopped Ruth? It was her father. She thought she'd have all summer around here, maybe go up into the Sierras for cool fun. What, you didn't know she likes hiking and swimming? Well, sure.

"Then her dad all-of-a-sudden decided that he wanted her away from here. Maybe he'd heard about her parties? Yeah, she was a little wild. Anyway, he sent her to stay with her great-aunt. In fucking Miami. In July! For the rest of the summer! Most miserable time of the fucking year!

"Ruth just about went ballistic when they gave her the plane ticket. But it's not like she had a choice. If she wants into Cal Arts, she has to play her dad's game. That means playing nice with them, and with the old bat. Ruth says Tante Sylvia is straight from 'Noo Joisy' with a voice like a cement mixer. Oh shit, Ruth was SO fucking pissed!

"Ruth told me a story about this great-aunt. Sylvia and her poor husband Lew, a small-time real estate broker, were on vacation in Hong Kong. More exciting than Hackensack, I guess. Anyway, they're on a street that's all jewelry stores, and Sylvia is, like, shopping heavily. And Lew is on his knees in the middle of the street shouting, 'Sylvia, Sylvia! You're killing me! You're KILLING me!' And Sylvia is in a doorway and she yells back, 'Well before you die, throw me your wallet!' Damn, what a cold bitch!" 

I laughed. "Hey, she sounds like a good customer to me!"

Katia stuck out her tongue. I nipped at it but she backed away too fast.

"So Ruth's in purgatory for the summer, and she's pissed at everyone, even me, probably because you kissed me better than her. So I get no call, no postcards, no nothing. Maybe she'll cool off when school starts. Maybe not.

"But enough of Ruth. Are you ready to fuck again? You can get on top this time." Katia stroked my cock to illustrate her interest. I responded quickly. Hey, I ain't THAT old yet! 

We really rocked the bed, here in the family home I shared with my sister and our mother. The home I would soon be forced to leave.

I made the most of my time while I was here. I certainly showed Katia a good time here. And Elena. And Tran. And Billi. And Katia's stepmother Juanita - well, that is another story. But Katia was special. I would miss her. Except when I was back in town. Then, more rocking!

- 1984 - Thanksgiving (USA) Weekend

The worst part of being a "successful businessman" was not having my gorgeous sister and mother for sleep, love, and sex, not nearly often enough. Was this part of growing up?

My boss / muse / lover / big sister Jill and I ran a specialized commodities firm. Sure, it was officially 35% mine, but it was still 100% hers. I was really only her tool.

Jill had a very clear goal.

"I want to have enough money to buy Scotland."

"What?" I was dumbfounded. "What the fuck would you do with Scotland?"

"Oh, I don't want to OWN it, dummy. Then I'd have to run it. No, I just want to be ABLE to buy Scotland. I'd probably rather buy Bermuda. It would be cheaper to own and operate. Nicer weather, too."

Okay, Jill. Whaever you say.

Our "home office" was really just that, built over the garage behind the house we had grown up in with our mother Nina. (Our dad had abandoned us long ago to run off with a Thai waitress. Fuck'em.) Anyway, we now had little branch offices scattered around.

Let me introduce us again. Jill and I are tall and slim, with dark brown hair and hazel eyes. She is almost six feet high; I have a few inches on her, and a few pounds, and better body strength. I am now twenty-four. Jill is two years older.

We are told we are good-looking: taut muscles, sharp features, high cheekbones, dimpled chins, good teeth, and full-body tans. Jill has superb firm tits and I do not, so we're easy to distinguish. Her hair is longer, too. She looks like our mom Nina minus eighteen years. In other words, just fucking gorgeous. We all stay very fit - got to, else we would crumble.

We kids had been raised naked. We did not wear clothes inside our home. We had slept together naked all our lives, Jill and I, and often with Mom. And now we shared physical love, ever since we 'kids' reached adulthood. We had a nice stable life - except when Jill introduced the usual excitement. Like tearing us apart and sending me away.

Jill assigned me to take over Eastern North America operations of our (her) company. I felt like I was being kicked out of the (love) nest. What, move out of our comfortable home? What, no more home-style hot-and-cold running sex? Fucking BUMMER, man...

Thanksgiving and Black Friday 1984 had just passed. Jill and I were on the homeward leg of our usual early-morning run down the beach from our Santa Monica home to the Venice West pier and back. This was a good time for chats, before the smog got too thick. And it was a good time for Jill to issue directives - I had less breath to argue with.

"So quit bitching, kid. This is a promotion! Here, enjoy your new status."

Jill pulled a slightly sweat-soggy business card from her nicely-filled sports bra.

"Here's your new identity, little brother. Cherish it, or else!"

I sniffed the card, leered at Jill, and read:

