 He came in to peruse the latest installment of new releases, hoping something would pique his interest. He strolled up and down the aisles, carefully examining each cover that caught his eye. As he was turning the corner from the science fiction racks to the shelves of horror stories, he noticed her sitting at the little table in the back of the store. She was nursing a large latte from the coffee shop next door, and pouring herself into one of those trashy romance novels. She looked up when he chuckled, and he quickly diverted his eyes back to the Stephen King book in his hands, not wanting to seem like a creep. He read a few pages, knowing he wasn't going to buy a second copy of Four Past Midnight, but he just couldn't bring himself to leave the store.

He looked up after a few minutes, and she was still studying her soft core porn. Her dark auburn hair cascading down over her shoulders. Her silk blouse showing the shape of the pert, firm breasts that it was draped over, her hard nipples poking gently against the fabric. Her black flowing knee length skirt was gathered in her lap, pulled taught against her thighs, which were crossed one over the other, showing off her shapely calves. She had abandoned her high heels under the table, giving her feet a break from their workday constraints. She took another sip of coffee as she turned the page, looking around to see if anyone was watching her. She didn't notice him standing by the periodicals rack, watching her every move.

At 2:15 pm on a Tuesday, there weren't many people in Margie's New & Used Book Emporium. There was the college coed at the cash register, who couldn't care less about what was going on in the store, instead concentrating on her calculus homework and whatever new age band was pumping through the headphones from her iPod. There was the old man at the front table, happily flipping through today's edition of the Washington Post, though everyone knew he came in here daily to watch the cashier, not read the paper. And there were the two of them, in the back of the store, each trying not to let the other notice that each was checking the other out.

He picked up a copy of E&R magazine and sat at the other table in the back of the store, facing her from across the room. He appeared engrossed in an article about the new Oakland Bay Bridge, and went ten solid minutes without glancing across the room. When he looked up again, she was bent forward, hovering over the book as though she were the one studying calculus. She was holding the book on the table and open with her left hand, and her right was nestled in the folds of her skirt. He thought nothing of this until he realized her hand was moving, slowly and deliberately. He could just barely see this movement in the shadows under the table, and thought his imagination might be playing tricks on him. But, he noticed, her legs were no longer crossed at the thighs, but were slightly parted instead, with both bare feet on the floor. She looked up at him, and, before he could hide his amusement, she smiled. He grinned like the cat that ate the canary, knowing now that what he thought he saw was real. She leaned back in her chair and slid forward a bit, causing her erect nipples to strain against the silk of her blouse. She spread her legs wider, letting him get a good view of her fingers stroking her pantiless crotch. She flipped the book over, and gently rubbed and pinched her nipples with her newly freed hand. She was smiling and biting the corner of her lower lip. 

She quickly sat upright, flipped her skirt back to a proper position, and grabbed her book. The mischievous look on her face was instantly replaced by one of studious interest as she began reading again. As he wondered why her games had ended, he saw the cashier turn the corner, heading for the restroom. She giggled, hiding her face behind her book, as the cashier disappeared down the hallway. When the cashier passed back by, returning to her studies and iPod, he walked over and sat across the table from her.

"You know, real life never happens the way those books do." He said, smiling at the fact that he had mustered the confidence to talk to such a beautiful woman.

"What a shame," she replied, "this one's about a man and woman who meet at a book store."

"Really? What happens?" he inquired.

"They fuck like rabbits in the bathroom." She said, biting her lip again, trying to hide an evil smile.

"Oh, I didn't know it was a documentary" he quipped as she stood up, straightened her clothes, and headed toward restroom sign. As she entered the hallway, she looked over her shoulder at him. He was staring at her, watching her beautiful shape sashay away. She smiled as she pulled her skirt up, showing him the full gorgeous form of her bare peach of an ass. He tripped over the leg of his chair as he tried to get up and follow her, and, though he caught his balance after a couple of steps, he couldn't hide his embarrassment as his face turned red. She giggled again as she disappeared through the bathroom door, her fingers seductively toying with the top button of her blouse.

When he reached the threshold, he stopped and looked around, making sure no one was watching. When he was sure no one knew, he slipped through the door and locked it behind him. She was standing with one foot on the floor, and the other on the sink, leaning back against the partition that separated the commode from the rest of the room. Her full thigh was exposed to him, and her right hand was dancing under the loose hanging fabric of her skirt. Her blouse was completely unbuttoned, hanging loosely over the hard nipple of her left breast, with her left hand inside massaging her right breast. Her head was thrown back against the green plastic divider, eyes closed, lips slightly parted, with a series of barely audible Ohs and Ahs escaping with every breath.

He walked over and cupped the back of her neck with his right hand, pulling her to him and kissing her deeply. Their tongues did the dance of desire as he fumble with his zipper with his left hand. She stopped playing with herself, reached in, and pulled his thick limp manhood out. She put both hands on his massive tool and began stroking it, slowly, massaging its full length. He pulled his mouth away from hers, and they both looked down at her soft gentle hands bringing his member to life. She pushed him back away from her and, without taking her foot off of the counter, bent forward, holding the counter with one hand and his belt with the other, took half of his cock in her mouth, sucking gently. She bobbed up and down a few times, inhaling more of him with each stroke, until she had his full length in her mouth. She held him there for a few seconds moaning and moving her head side to side. She pulled her mouth off of him, admiring the saliva slickened surface of his veiny muscle. She inhaled him to the root again, applying more of her oral lubrication. She did this over and over, leaving more of her saliva on him each time, until it was dripping from the underside of his pole. He looked down and saw she had taken her hand off of the counter and had put it back between her legs. He stepped sideways, with her mouth on his pecker, turning her so that he could watch her handy work in the mirror. With her ass turned toward the wall, he pulled her skirt up to see that she was repeatedly plunging her middle and ring fingers deep into her soaking wet gash.

He stood her up, pulling her eager mouth away from his throbbing hard cock, and dropped to his knees. He pulled her hand away from her juicy pussy, and buried his tongue inside it instead. She let out a little squeal as he wiggled his tongue inside her. With her skirt lying across his face, he was flying blind, so he felt his way around. He worked his hands up and down her torso, along her firm abs, up to those perky, firm tits. He massaged them, with her hands on the backs of his, and he could hear her moaning as he gently pulled on her clit with his teeth, flicking it with his tongue like a boxer on a speed bag. Her knee buckled as she climaxed, grinding hard against his mouth, and leaving her juices all over his chin.

She reached and grabbed his shoulders, pulling him up to eye level. She licked his chin and let go a little "Mmmmm" as her hand guided his cock to her honey hole. He filled her with his man meat, and awkwardly pumped in and out, trying not to knock them both over. It was impossible, with her foot on the counter, to get his full length inside of her, but he worked with as much as he could. 

Finally, he pulled her foot off of the counter and pushed her back ward to the counter, still deep inside her. He grabbed the backs of her thighs and lifted her to a seated position on the counter, and she wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling him in deeper. Her eyes rolled back and her mouth hung open in disbelief when he shoved his full length inside her, stretching and filling her in a way she had never felt before. She contracted around him in orgasm almost instantly, relishing the full feeling. She had never even had a dildo that could fill her up the way he was. 

He began working his manhood in and out again, filling and stretching her with every stroke, her wet pussy tight around his massive cock. He secretly pulled his cell phone out of his pocket and fumbled it open. He manipulated the keys to get it into video mode, and hit the record button. He held it up to get a close up of the union of their flesh, of his dick working in and out of the most beautiful cunt he had ever seen. When she opened her eyes and noticed that he was videotaping, she just smiled and said "No faces, okay?" He grinned and began thrusting faster, capturing every plunge in high resolution. 

She threw her head back in anticipation of the coming orgasm. Her back arched, and the silk of her blouse fell away from her tits, fully exposing her body to him. She bucked and rocked and ground against him as another wave of ecstasy took over her body. She couldn't have stopped the screams of passion, even if she wanted to, as every nerve in her body became electrified with pleasure.

As she came back to Earth, he pulled his cock out and stroked it feverishly, spewing squirt after ample squirt of his love juice all over her taught abdomen, heaving tits, thin neck, and a drop or five on her beautiful face. She looked like she had been attacked with a Super Soaker of cum, but she didn't care. She had had her cake, so she didn't mind a little mess with the icing. 

He slipped his throbbing cock back inside her, letting it continue to twitch and pulse until his orgasm was over. Just the throbbing of his massive manhood was enough to get her off again, and she constricted hard around his throbbing love muscle, thrashing and crying out one more time.

When she finished and relaxed, he stepped back and panned up her body with his camera phone, taking in every square inch of her cum covered body while she tried to regain her composure. He even got a close up of her gaping and swollen pussy, but she just laid there and let him.

After a few minutes, and after he was done playing with the camera, she glanced at her watch.

"Oh shit! Let me borrow your phone!"

"Why?" he asked.

"Mine's out there on the table" she said, as she grabbed it away from him. She dialed a number and waited. When the voice on the other end answered she said "Janice! Hi, it's Sherry. Let him know I'm running a little late getting back from lunch... yeah... something came over me." As she wiped the semen from her tits, and licked it off of her finger with a grin.