 She had one of those offices you see in movies. Corner of the building, all windows, view of the skyline – all the good things she barely noticed because she was too busy giving orders, busting people's chops, making money for the company, making money for herself.

She spent a lot of it on very sexy underwear. La Perla was her preference, $100 for a sheer lace bra that ran a hair's breadth above her small pink nipples, with wide silken straps that settled toward the outside of her shoulders. Her panties were like nothing at all, except that she knew they were there, they cost a fortune, and they were sexy as hell. Sometimes they nestled a little deeper between her cheeks, teasing her and turning her on as she made some peon squirm in the chair across her desk. She liked all the sexiness that went on under her clothes.

There was a young man in that chair now. A new kid from marketing, decent business-school pedigree. She'd signed off on his hire after a five-minute interview knowing she could make him into the employee she needed no matter what.

She wanted an analysis of a handful of advertising schemes, and he nodded at her instructions. Funny, he didn't nod as vigorously as most, didn't seem as scared. She'd fix that. Might be fun, seeing as he was also good-looking. He wore his clothes well, shirt nice on his shoulders and pants slim on his hips, discernable contours where she liked them.

The phone rang before she could begin putting the screws to him. It was her boyfriend, an executive who worked at one of the buildings dimly visible from her office. He wanted to know their plans for the evening. He treated her well, and she hadn't seen fit to treat him as she did her employees, yet.

They discussed restaurants. She wasn't hungry yet but knew her stomach would growl on schedule, around seven. They were considering Thai when she noticed the chair in front of her was empty, and before she could get pissed she felt fingertips on her face, spreading out to her ears and lips. "Hey!–" she barked and then sucked in her breath as her boyfriend stopped short and " she realized she was in a bind.

"You can't say anything now," her employee whispered.

And she didn't, as his fingers curled around her ear, into her well-colored hair, over her top lip.

Her boyfriend wanted to decide. She said Thai and hoped he'd ring off, but he wanted to discuss the weekend, too. She tried, as her underling traced circles around her lips with his long slender fingers. She agreed to things she'd never agree to just to end the call so she could elbow the horny fucker in the nuts and have him arrested and fired.

But her boyfriend rambled on and her employee slid his tongue in her ear right at the hard ridge above the little opening, and she knew it was only an instant before the tongue plunged in with that hurricane sound that always made her start to lose control. She rarely lost control.

Her boyfriend's voice came in and out, her ears were so confused. Boyfriend was demanding answers as employee's fingers ran past her neck and over her collarbones and traced along the top of her bra. Boyfriend asked why she seemed spacy and she gave him a vague answer, just as employee's thumbs caught her little pink nipples from the side and teased them over against his fingers and twisted. How had her blouse come unbuttoned? Why were her staps down on her arms? Why were her little pink Hershey's Kiss nipples hard as candy?

The condo sounded just fine for chrissakes, she told boyfriend as employee's hand slid her skirt up her thighs and she parted her legs, wishing the fucking La Perlas were off already. His fingers flicked around her pussy and every so often one caught her clit through the gauzy panties and she stifled a whimper and forced out complete sentences to her tiresome boyfriend.

"Tell him you're going to get fucked," employee said in her ear, the first thing he'd uttered since the initial ambush. "Tell him or I stop."

Her jaw set and she glared up at him and he smiled like she did when she faced down a vice president. She took a deep breath and looked away.

"He's going to fuck me," she said to boyfriend.

He didn't understand.

Employee suspected as much and whispered to her to say it again, more detail.

"This little fuck of a marketing manager is going to fuck me right here," she hissed, and employee's long first finger dragged down her clit and slid back up her messy pussy, making her gasp.

Boyfriend was raging and she was dizzy and employee knew just where to put the tip of his long – Jesus, so long – finger to make her belly sink and her pussy clench and that desire creep into her head, the desire to give in.

Employee whispered that the door had never been closed, and she tensed, and he hit the intercom button on her phone and told her if she didn't tell boyfriend how good it all felt he'd announce something disgraceful to the whole company.

She whispered to boyfriend that employee was fucking her better than boyfriend ever had and that she hoped he'd fuck her every day until she died and that her pussy was so wet that her black leather chair was a nasty mess and her legs were up on her desk and all she wanted was his cock buried in her pussy up to his balls and his teeth on her nipples and fuck this job I'm sick of the bullshit and all I want is cock.

By the end her voice was so loud it was booming over the intercom and the rest of the company was stunned.

But they listened, hundreds of awestruck employees, as the boss, that abusive, powerful, sexy woman, got fucked.