 The first job I had after graduate school was with a graphic design company. By small, I mean there were about twenty people employed and, while it was considered up and coming, the company that hadn't yet solidified its reputation. Anyways, my decision to work there - as opposed to another more established company that had offered me a better pay/benefits package - was made after meeting the woman who ran the company. After being interviewed by the personnel director and a project manager I was offered the position. This happened on a Friday afternoon and after I had asked for the weekend to consider both offers, the personnel director suggested that I meet the company's president/owner.

The personnel director asked me to wait in the lobby for a few minutes and when he returned, he led me to the boss's office. The office was spacious - furnished with a leather sofa and two comfortable chairs as well as desk, coffee table and small conference table. It became quickly evident to me that the boss was female. She was busy doing some sketching on a drawing pad when we entered but put it aside when the personnel director & I arrive. When she stood up, I could only stare. If one word could describe her it was stunning! I'd say early forties, five feet seven, auburn hair and likely a 36-24-36 figure. She was wearing a black skirt, a cream colored silk blouse - seductively unbuttoned to display her um, uh, pearl necklace. When she walked over to introduce herself, I noticed she had apparently slipped out of her heels and was in black nylon stocking feet. I immediately thought of Mrs. Robinson from The Graduate' and Lady Sonia from my favorite porn site. From her smile, I knew she knew she had me. She nodded to the personnel director, Larry, who was waiting by the door, and he left her office, quietly closing the door behind him.

Shaking my hand she said: "Hi Mark. I'm Jayne."

She had a sultry voice ala Kathleen Turner and continued: I heard great things about you from Larry and hope we can convince you to join JBG."

I took a deep breath - appreciating the faint fragrance of her perfume, and while I felt the urge to kiss her on the spot and blurting out that I didn't need any more convincing, I simply smiled and said: "Pleased to meet you."

She walked over to a shelf near her desk - allowing me a glimpse of her fine ass, and took a bottle of wine off the shelf along with two glasses. She them down on her desk and asked if I'd like a glass of wine. I was a little surprised to hear her ask that, but decided that if that if this was the way a gorgeous businesswoman did things, I was eagerly on-board.

The wine did help calm me down and Jayne noticed it - as I had drunk it rather quickly. She told me she knew I would be nervous. She explained that her philosophy on running a business was to understand the pressures of the work and balance that by offering an environment that allowed people to relax as much as possible. She said she was competitive by nature but after getting the business off the ground, determined that she needed to become more laid back to keep her employees happy, productive and willing to work for her. She asked me about college and grad school. She poured more wine and inquired about other interests. I told her I liked running, cycling and camping. Jayne told me that she ran on occasion and that there was a weight room along with men's and women's locker rooms in the basement of the building.

She seemed to imply that running and workouts were encouraged and if I wasn't already sold on working for this woman, that idea would have done it. Jayne poured yet another glass of wine for us and asked me about my family. She then asked if I was married or had a girlfriend. I told her that there were a few women that I dated but no serious relationship yet. She smiled and then looked at her watch.

"So, Mark, what do you think? Do you'd like to work for JBG?" she asked.

I wanted to let her know somehow that she had convinced me this would be a good move, so I nodded and said: "It would be a pleasure to work for you."

She smiled and said: "Great! I think you'll enjoy working here. I'll buzz Larry and have him bring in an employment agreement for you to sign."

A minute later, Larry knocked on the door and entered. He suggested that I return to his office since there was quite a stack of forms to complete. He nodded to Jayne and mentioned that she probably had some things to finish before leaving. Jayne said that she did and when I stood, she came over and offered her hand. She told me she was pleased I would be joining them.

As I followed Larry to his office, I noticed that despite it being 5:30 on a Friday evening, there were several people still working. There were a couple attractive young women - which reaffirmed my decision to take the job as a good one. Maybe it was the wine that made the paperwork take longer than expected. When I finally finished, it was close to seven o'clock. Larry told me he had to scoot and that I should ask for him on Monday morning. He would get me set up in the office. We shook hands and as we did, he asked if I could find my way out. I assured him that I could and after he left, I gathered my papers and put them in my briefcase.

I guess I made the wrong turn because instead of finding the exit, I found myself at Jayne's office. The door was slightly ajar and the room softly lit by lamps. I thought it was my imagination when I heard soft moans of pleasure emanating from within. I quietly pushed the door open a little more so I could peer in and was shocked at seeing Jayne sitting on the leather couch. I noticed her panties and nylons on the floor next to her. She had her skirt hiked up and legs spread wide as her fingers busily played with her pussy. Standing nearby, an attractive woman was taking pictures of Jayne. Even though the photographer was fully clothed, I saw that she was a knockout: blonde hair, long legs, nice ass, maybe twenty five or six. When she kneeled down, I knew she was getting some close-ups of Jayne's pussy. I began to rub my cock - imagining how wet it would feel, when I was startled by voices somewhere down the corridor. Instead of hiding and returning for more of this erotic show, I rushed away in the opposite direction of the voices and found and exit that lead to the lobby of the building. I got my bearings and located a men's restroom. Once inside, I put my briefcase down, moved to the urinal and freed the still hard cock from my trousers. Precum was oozing from the tip as I gripped my cock and began to pump it. I closed my eyes to revisit the scene I had witnessed just moments ago. Within seconds, cum was splashing the porcelain wall of the urinal. Afterwards, on the ride home as well as over the weekend, I wondered what I might be getting myself into.

When I arrived at work on Monday, I was given a small office and Larry walked around with me to introduce me to other employees. There were two project managers who made assignments and reviewed work. My project manager's name was Craig and after we met for about an hour, he gave me a list of projects I would be involved with over the next few months. Despite initial visions I had of orgies and one-on-one sexual encounters, I settled into the job and those thoughts fell to the back of my mind. I really liked the people I worked with and discovered that the laid back philosophy that Jayne had conveyed in our first meeting really was conducive to being productive. Of course there were deadlines, but no one was looking over anyone's shoulder or piling on additional work. The only pressure I felt was that which I put on myself. For example, like how several weeks later I was working late on a Friday because I knew I was taking Monday to spend a long weekend away at a friend's wedding. Hoping to get a little ahead of schedule on an advertising project, I was sketching some edits on a design I had already loaded onto my computer. I was lost in thought when Jayne's recognizable sultry voice startled me. I looked up and she was standing next to my chair holding a glass of wine. She was wearing a light grey silk blouse with a couple of buttons seductively undone to go with navy slacks. And, as I had gotten used to seeing around the office, she wasn't wearing shoes over her nylon stockings.

"Hi Mark. It's already after seven on a Friday night. You must have better things to do," she said.

I began to explain how I was taking Monday off and wanted to get a little ahead of things.

Jayne laughed and said: "You don't have to work late on a Friday to do that. Why don't you call it a night and join me for a glass of wine in my office. Besides, I've been meaning to talk to you about a project I've been working on."

I wasn't about to argue with her, so I saved, shut down my computer and followed Jayne to her office. I sat down in one of the leather chairs while she got the bottle of wine and another glass from the shelf behind her desk. As she was doing that she asked if I had heard anything about bonuses that are given for special projects she occasionally has. I told her I hadn't. She placed the wine down on the coffee table between us and sat down in the other leather chair.

She explained: "I give a bonus to people who assist me on projects I sometimes do on the side. Sometimes it's an employee who helps me. Sometimes it's a friend or acquaintance."

Jayne noticed how quickly I had finished my wine and refilled my glass. I was recently thinking about a new car, so the thought of bonus work intrigued me.

"I would be interested in the bonus," I told her.

"Great!" she replied. "I need to go to the ladies room and will be right back to show you what I'm working on."

I was either nervous or thirsty because I polished off my second glass of wine and poured more into my glass. Jayne came back and closed the door behind her. She also flipped off the lights leaving the room more softly lit by a lamp behind the leather chairs.

Jayne went over to her desk and sat down. She began doing something with her computer.

"Come over and have a look, Mark," she told me.

When I was standing next to her she clicked on a file and I couldn't believe what I was looking at. It was a photograph of a woman masturbating and even though the woman's face was not visible in the photo, I knew who it was. Four weeks had passed since I witnessed Jayne being photographed in her office, but the image of it was clear in my mind like it had happened yesterday. I must have gulped or moaned because Jayne asked if anything was wrong.

"Nothing's wrong," I managed to reply. "I'm just, well; I'm sort of surprised to be looking at this."

She smiled and clicked on a few more of the photos. I stared at them and my cock reacted - stiffening in my pants.

"Just so you don't think I'm some kind of pervert here, Mark, let me explain a little bit about this special project," Jayne said.

She opened the desk drawer and took out a sketch pad. She looked at the photo that was currently displayed on the computer and then flipped the sketchbook open to a page that showed a penciled sketch of the very same photo. The sketch was an excellent rendition of it - with very clear details.

Jayne explained: "I've been hired to do illustrations for a new sex manual. Do you remember 'The Joy of Sex'"?

I told her I did.

Jayne continued, "This will be similar but more erotic. It may include some erotic stories as well." She clicked on more photos of the woman I knew was her and then flipped to a corresponding sketch of each. I was amazed at how good the illustrations were. I also knew that with me standing beside her desk chair, there was no hiding the fact that I was hard.

She smiled and said: "I can tell you like them."

I laughed nervously and replied: "These are great!"

Her close-up sketches were unbelievably vivid and the fine detailing made it seem like the pussy, her pussy, was wet.

"You're probably curious about how your assisting me works," Jayne said.

She reached down to her right to a desk drawer that was actually a safe. She worked the combination and took out a sheet of paper that was titled 'Agreement of Understanding'. She handed it to me and as I looked it over, Jayne explained that those who assist her are either involved in taking photos or being photographed.

"No one's face will appear in the book. Photos will be either taken so that a person's face doesn't appear in the frame or edited/cropped out if it does," she said.

I noted that the agreement stated that photos would not be disseminated to the internet or for any publication. It also said that photos would be destroyed after use per artistic purposes for the book. I read that all project work would be conducted during non-business hours and involvement in the project would be kept strictly confidential. The agreement had a signature line for the participant and Jayne.

I sipped some wine and said: "I think I'd be willing to help you on this."

Jayne smiled and told me she had hoped so. She handed me a pen to sign the agreement. Once I did, she signed it and told me she would leave a copy in my mailbox Monday. She said the original would be kept in her safe. Then she reached into a different desk drawer and took out a camera.

"Do you need me to take some pictures?" I asked hopefully.

"No, what I have in mind is to get some photos of you. I need some good shots of cock and of a guy stroking it," she told me.

Just hearing her say this excited me and when she asked me if I thought I could do this I told her yes.

Jayne said: "What I'm thinking would be erotic would be to have you strip down to your boxers." She paused and then asked, "You are a boxer's guy, aren't you?"

I told her I was.

She continued: "So you would strip down to your boxers and the first photos would be of your cock sticking out through the fly."

I nervously sipped more wine as she further described the photo shoot. "A few photos would be of you stroking your cock that way. Then a few more would be taken with your boxers pulled down to mid thigh. If that sounds okay with you, we should get started."

I gulped down the rest of my wine and asked where I should go. She told me to go over in front of the couch where she can adjust the lighting. I walked over and took off my shirt - leaving me in a sleeveless tee shirt.

"Hmmm, you can leave the tee shirt on," she told me.

I then took off my shoes followed by my pants. My cock was stiff under my boxers. Jayne got up from her desk with the camera. She walked over and turned down the lighting of the lamp's three-way bulb.

She then stood about five feet in front of me and sensually said: "Mmmm, now take that nice hard cock out."

I did as she instructed, slipping it through the fly of my boxers. Jayne took a couple of pictures and then told me to squeeze my cock so that a drop of precum would appear on the tip. When I did, Jayne took a close up. She then told me to smear the precum around my cock head so she could capture a glistening effect. After a couple photos that way, she told me to grip my cock. I did as I was told.

"Slip you boxers down in front, so they're just below your balls," Jayne directed.

My cock was throbbing and Jayne took several more shots of it - with and without my hand on it.

"Ok, just a few more and we're done. Cup your balls - first without gripping your cock. Then, I want you to grip it," she said.

She took the final few pictures and then in her sexy voice that seemed a little shaky - as though she had been working out, she said: "Okay. That's it. You can get dressed now."

I started pulling my boxers up over my throbbing cock and stood there a moment watching Jayne return to her desk. She sat down and put the camera away.

Looking up at me she said: "I'll bet you're disappointed but you have to remember that this isn't about sex."

I nodded and reluctantly began putting my clothes back on. She poured more wine and returned to take a seat in one of the leather chairs. When I was dressed, I walked over to the other leather chair and took a seat. I was still worked up and took a big gulp of wine to try and settle myself.

"Are you doing okay?" Jayne asked.

"I guess," I told her.

"I have an idea," she said.

"What's that?" I asked - taking another big sip of wine.

"Stand behind the chair a minute and I'll show you something," she told me.

I got up and stood behind her. I was surprised when she unbuttoned her blouse to reveal a red lace bra and a wonderful view of her cleavage.

I was about to reach down and cup a breast when she must have read my mind. "No touching," she purred.

I wanted to so badly, but she was my boss and this was her territory. I put my hands on top of the chair.

"I know you want to cum and that's okay," Jayne said. "But I want you to just listen to me as you rub against the back of the chair."

She whispered in a sexy voice that underneath her slacks she was wearing black nylons and a red garter belt. She told me to look at her bra and said she had matching red lace bikini panties that felt very wet. Jayne was driving me crazy so I once again, undid my pants and the fell to the floor as I continued grinding my cock up against the soft leather chair. I saw her place a hand between her legs. She told me she loved seeing my cock and taking pictures of it. She rubbed herself seductively and said her pussy was feeling very wet.

"What do you think it would be like to have your tongue on my pussy right now, Mark?" she whispered.

I closed my eyes - remembering the sight of her pussy from several weeks ago that was refreshed by the photos she had shown me a little earlier. I imagined myself kneeling between her legs and saw myself tasting the sweet wetness - all the while humping the chair more desperately.

Jayne must have heard me panting and she urged me on whispering: "I want you to cum."

That's all it took. I felt my balls tighten and the surge of my ejaculation forcefully spurting through and out of my cock. I moaned and held onto the chair as my throbbing cock pressed into the slick back of it. When my orgasm subsided, my knees felt weak and boxers were sopped with cum. Jayne stood up, buttoning her blouse. She smiled at me and mentioned it was time to get going.

"Those boxers look too wet to wear," Jayne observed. "Give them to me."

I slipped out of them and handed them to her. She put them up to her face, took a deep breath and then slipped them into her pocketbook. I quickly dressed and followed her as she hurried out of the office. I walked her to her car. Before getting in, Jayne thanked me for the help and told me to have a nice long weekend.

After my weekend away, I didn't see Jayne at all the following week. She apparently was out of town on business for most of it. I did, however, meet Nicole -- the woman I watched photographing Jayne the day I interviewed and decided to work for JBGraphics. I was in the fitness room in the basement of the building; stretching before taking a lunchtime run when she came in. She was wearing running shorts and a sports bra - sweaty from having run herself. There were some other people working out that she apparently knew and exchanged greetings with them. I watched her. Her blonde hair was up in a pony tail and she also had a nice tan. Her figure was one that she obviously paid attention to. Every part of her looked firm. She grabbed a towel and as she was drying herself, she surprised me by coming over to me, extending her hand and introducing herself. She told me her name and said she worked in the 2nd floor law firm as a legal secretary. I told her my name and that I worked at JBGraphics. She smiled, telling me that she was good friends with Jayne. Then she said she had to stretch a little, shower and get back to work. I told her I needed to get going on my run and be back for a meeting. She then said maybe we can run together sometime. I smiled and said that would be nice.
