 I sat at my desk in the outer office, idly swiveling back and forth in my desk chair. When I saw the last of my coworkers leave I slipped my sore feet out of my high heels and kicked them under the desk. They were sexy as hell but not comfortable. I rested my head back and spun my chair around, looking up at the ceiling; why didn't I bring a book today? As the boss' personal secretary I had to stay as long as he stayed. 

The intercom on my phone beeped, "May." Mr. Keane's voice came through. "Come in here a minute." I retrieved my shoes and slipped into his office, shutting the door behind me. My boss was at his own desk, looking slightly disheveled. His broad, muscular form lounged in his chair, an empty glass in one hand. I could smell the whisky. "May," he said. "Come here; come have a drink with me."

I hesitated, thinking of my job, but it was Friday night. And this was my job. I crossed the room and took a seat in the chair opposite him, smoothing my skirt under me. Mr. Keane poured a glass for me and another for himself and slid mine across the shiny surface of his desk. I caught it and took a tiny sip. The liquor was smooth, it must be very expensive. He took a sip of his own drink, watching me out of the corner of his eye. 

"Do you know why I hired you, May?" He asked suddenly, leaning forward to rest his elbows on the desk and looking into my eyes. I shook my head, honestly curious. I wasn't exactly the most qualified secretary. "Because I wanted to fuck you," He said bluntly, leaning back in his chair. I choked on my drink a little and set the glass down on the desk. "You were wearing this white blouse," he mused, staring at the ceiling. "I could just see the tops of you breasts. All I wanted to do was rip the buttons off that shirt." He smiled at me, boldly. "So I hired you instead.

I didn't know how to reply. I guess I'd sort of known that was why I was hired, but it's different to hear someone say it out loud. Mr. Keane turned and smiled a sad smile at me. "Do you know what today is? It's my birthday. It's my birthday and I don't want to go home." He chuckled darkly. I sat still, watching him, not sure what I should do. "37!" He said, rising his glass in a mocking toast. "Fucking 37. What have I got to show for it? CEO?" He shook his head, sipped his drink.

I decided this pity party had gone far enough. I picked up my glass and walked around the desk. My boss swiveled in his chair, following me with his eyes. I clinked my glass against his, dangling limply from his hand. "Happy birthday Mr. Keane," I said and downed my drink. He did the same. 

Mr. Keane wrapped the palm of one hand around my thigh, just below the hem of my skirt. "Oh May," he groaned. "So beautiful." 

"37's not that old," I chided, shaking my head. He looked up at me with sad puppy eyes. "And you're not alone," I purred, placing one hand on his broad chest. "I'm here." I bent down and placed my lips to his. I meant it to be a brief kiss, an only slightly naughty 'happy birthday.' Mr. Keane caught the back of my neck in one strong hand and leaned forward, snaking his tongue into my mouth. I could taste the whisky on him, smell his dark masculine odor. I fought the urge to pull back from him, suddenly not in control anymore.

He let me go, staring darkly up into my eyes. I stood there, gaping back. "I won't be pitied," he growled. "Don't try to tease me." I hadn't meant it to, but that kiss had aroused me. My head was spinning a little from the drink and I felt relaxed and loose. I sank down, straddling his lap and kissed him again. He responded with a low growl and wrapped his arms around my waist. 

Part of me was wondering if I would lose my job for this, but a bigger part knew I couldn't stop myself even if I wanted to. Mr. Keane had one hand tangled in my hair, gripping the back of my head. His other hand inched its way up my thigh under my skirt. My breath came fast and wild as he kissed me hard, almost too hard.

I could feel him growing beneath me and I shifted to rub my dampening panties along his length. He broke the fierce kiss and groaned against my neck. I tilted my head back and gasped as he kissed and licked my exposed neck. 

His long fingers deftly unbuttoned my blouse and he ran the tip of his tongue over by breasts, along the edge of my bra. I reached behind me and unhooked my bra, letting it drop to the floor along with my shirt. 

I leaned back and Mr. Keane cupped my breasts in his hands, squeezing gently and sighing. He ran his thumbs over my nipples and I shuddered, feeling them getting hard. My boss kissed his way down my neck and took a nipple in his mouth, licking it and biting gently. I let out a little involuntary moan. I was aching to be touched between my legs.

I leaned forward and captured his mouth with mine again. He held me firmly by the hips and rocked me gently against his crotch. I shuddered each time my swollen clit rubbed against his hard dick through his pants. I unbuttoned his shirt and slid my hands inside, feeling the soft dark hairs that covered his broad, muscular chest. 

I was so hot; I had to have him soon. I broke our kiss and climbed off Mr. Keane's lap, sinking to my knees on the soft carpet at his feet. I unbuttoned his trousers and pulled his cock out; long hard and smooth in my hand. Looking up to briefly make eye contact as I licked the tip, watching my boss shudder with pleasure. I took him into my mouth, as deep as I could go. I licked and sucked him, bobbing my head to take him even deeper. My boss groaned and wound his fingers into my hair. 

After a minute Mr. Keane drew me to my feet. He unzipped my skirt and let it fall to the floor. I stood before him in just my soaking panties and my heels. He pulled me close so I was standing over him, legs splayed wide on either side of his chair. 

Locking his eyes with mine, my boss drew his fingers slowly up the inside of my thigh. I shuddered, anticipating his touch at last. He hooked a finger inside my panties and growled in approval at how wet I was. He thrust the digit inside me and I cried out, my knees shaking as he fucked me slowly with his finger, his dark eyes looking into my own the whole time.

I thought I was going to come soon when he pulled out of me and rolled his chair back. "Turn around, May," he commanded. "Face the desk." I obeyed, bending over and placing my palms on the desk, my backside thrust into the air.

Mr. Keane got up and stood behind me. He ran his hand over my round ass and gave it a little slap, making me jump. He pulled my panties down and let them slide to the floor, around my high heels. I was almost panting now; I was so ready to be fucked. 

My boss ran his hand up my back and tangled his fingers in my long hair, gripping a fistful. He pulled my hair gently as he slid inside me at last. I gasped at the pain and pleasure, reveling in the sensation of being filled so completely with his thick member. 

He rode me hard, pulling my hair and pounding into me. Each time his cock slammed against my inner wall I felt myself getting closer and closer to orgasm. I clutched at him with my inner muscles, his flesh dragging against mine with each stroke. 

I came at last with a sharp cry, my shaking arms collapsing under me. My pussy was pulsing and hot, still gripping his cock as he rammed into me again and again. He held me down on the desk, my breasts crushed against the shiny wood. I was still shuddering with pleasure at each stroke when he came too, thrusting into me on more time with a soft groan. 

He pulled out and I raised myself shakily from the desk. We put ourselves back together in silence, retrieving our clothing from where it had been flung around the room. I smoothed my hair back from my face, "Will that be all for tonight Mr. Keane?"

"Yes, May, I think that will do," he replied, with a small smile on his lips. "I'll see you Monday."