 The smell of rain clung to my long taupe coat as I entered the building; leaving the crashing thunder behind in my wake. The receptionist glanced up as I entered and waved me through with a grin. Gillian. That was her name, I thought to myself as I smiled back at her; an innocent looking redhead with a breathy voice and very full lips. The lips were the first thing I noticed when I met her, yet I doubted that she realized that she could bring men to their knees with those lips; and some women too.

Shaking my head slightly, more to shake the thoughts of Gillian from my mind than to remove the droplets of water that clung to my clothes, I made my way toward Matt's office; the sole reason I was there on this winterly day. Catching a few curious glances on my way, I realized that nobody has expected my presence today and certainly not in a long belted coat with black leather boots & vibrant red lips.

The office to Matt's door was open as I approached, his back to me while he talked on the phone, looking out at the city bathed in a spectacular storm. I entered the room and slid the door shut behind me; careful not to make a sound. The blinds leading to the outer office were closed and I thought briefly about leaving them that way, but instinct took over and with a swish that coincided with a thunderclap, I opened them to see a lot of curious faces staring at me. Soon diverting their eyes to their work, I turned back and made my way towards Matts desk.

He was deeply involved in his conversation, not noticing me in the room at all. Extending my finger, with a crimson fingertip I pressed down on the phone receiver, abruptly ending his call. "What the f..." He started as he spun around on his chair, his green eyes flashing angrily. Raising a finger to my lips I stared at him, my eyes demanding his silence.

Moving toward him I licked my lips, my fingertips moving to the belt on my coat. I made it to his desk and moved his chair back against the window with my foot; the black toe of my leather boots making him slide against the wall.

Matt appeared startled as I placed myself on the edge of his desk, my foot not leaving his seat. Again I held my finger to my lips, and slowly I undone my belt, letting my coat fall open to reveal I was wearing only my coat, boots and a smile.

I noticed Matt's eyes widened and the bulge in his pants became significant as I traced my fingertip down his chest. Sliding down onto my knees in front of him, I shrugged the coat from my back and traced the contours of his cock, first with my fingers, then with my tongue; the rough fabric teasing my lips as I was doing with my tongue.

Reaching for the zip on his pants, I released his stiffening cock and began to run my tongue up and down the shaft, my fingertips playing with his balls beneath the fabric. I felt him grow in my mouth and I wanted nothing more than to swallow his cum. 

Matt tried reaching for me and I slapped his hand away; there was no question of who was in charge here, and when I wanted something, I always took it.

Slowly I took his full length into my mouth, reveling in the taste and feel that was in the back of my throat. My right hand on his balls, squeezing gently, I started to fuck Matt with my mouth; sucking deep and hard, licking, tasting ... always needing more. Matt's hands were in my hair, urging me to take him deeper and faster while my hand played with his heavy balls. By now my clit was on fire and having a throbbing cock in my mouth only made me wetter. I could feel my juices coating my thighs as Matt slid lower on the chair ... allowing me complete access and pushing himself deep into my mouth.

Sucking his cock in and out of my mouth as I tugged on his balls wasn't enough for me; I slipped a finger deep into my wet hole and stuck it into his mouth, then repeated it over and over until I felt his balls tighten.

Sucking hard and fast beneath his desk, my hands stroking his balls and sliding up to his arse I knew it wouldn't take long for me to cum. I don't need touch, my muscles can make me cum easily.

My mouth went into overtime, sliding him between my lips, harder, faster .. taking him so deep that he hit the back of my throat so many times. Needing to taste his cum on my lips, my hand squeezing his balls in rhythm with the pulsations of my aching pussy I stared into his eyes as I slid my finger against his arse, gently at first, then more insistent as his grunts and his bucking hips spurned me on.

By now, my thighs were drenched and my nipples were hard as rocks, but still he could not touch me; that was not part of the game. Deeper and faster I sucked on his rock hard cock, feeling every vein as it slammed into the back of my throat, my hand squeezing his balls as the other slid around his arse, teasing and tantalizing.

Suddenly Matt started to fuck my face harder than before, forcing me to take it all, deeper and faster than before; picking up on his rhythm I tugged on his balls and sucked him hard and fast, needing to taste his cum on my lips.

With a final tug on my hair he released a massive load in my mouth which I greedily swallowed... slowly sucking him dry as I massaged his balls to make sure I had it all.

Slipping my coat back on, I stood in front of Matt, smiled and walked out the door.

As I reached reception Gillian smiled and spoke uncertainly "We didn't know about random inspections from Head Office, or I would have made better coffee".

I smiled and nodded; maybe next time I will review her work.