 She watched him from across the crowded bar. He was still working, busy talking and laughing with people, too busy to notice her looking at him. She liked it that way, he was being himself, so professional, sexy. She imagined what it would be like to be alone with him. Really alone. 

Until now, they had only just talked about it. He joked, made references, sexual innuendos. She liked the attention, but what surprised her was how much she liked his attention. He made her feel wanted, sexy, desired. It was exciting, forbidden. He was her boss, and older that she was. She wanted him.

They had talked about exciting places to have sex. "The pool table" had made it into the top ten, and while thinking of this, she made her way over to the bar's pool table. She looked at it, imagined herself naked, feeling the felt on her body. She ran her hand over the smooth wood edges of the pool table and made her decision. She needed to have him.

She walked back to where she had been working, and when she saw the two loonies he had left for her, she knew he was thinking the same thing. 

It would be hours still until he would be finished work. She had finished early.

Waiting for him to call was the most frustrating time she had spent in a long while. But when her phone finally rang she drove faster than she ever had before.

When he opened the door for her and she saw him, she felt her whole body start to shake with anticipation. When he kissed her, heat surged through her entire body.

She felt a warm wetness between her thighs, she felt him become harder as he pressed her to him. He unzipped the sweater she was wearing and his hands found her breasts. His mouth moved down from her neck, slowly sucking down to her nipple. He teased it with his tongue, feeling it harden.

She grabbed his belt, undid it and slid his pants down. She was pleased to see that he had not been lying to her... he really didn't wear underwear. She took his cock in her hands and squeezed gently, feeling it throb in her grip, exciting her. He led her to the pool table. He pushed her down until she was lying on the pool table. He went down on her. He lapped and licked, his tongue circling, licking her, teasing her. He slowly pushed one of his fingers high into her pussy, stroking her inside, gently, and licking her clit. He was incredible! Her pussy felt so good she thought she would scream. She couldn't lay still, she arched her back as he continued using his tongue and his hands to drive her wet pussy out of control.

She needed to feel his cock in her mouth. She didn't want him to stop, but all she could think about was sucking him off. 

"I want your cock," she told him.

"How badly?"

She didn't waste any time answering him, but instead put his dick in her mouth as she got on her knees in front of him. 

"Watch me", she whispered.

She wanted him to see how turned on she was getting by sucking his cock. She liked the feel of him, the taste of his cock, the weight, the girth. She circled his cock with her hands and started jerking him off, back and forth. She put her mouth on his dick, and used her tongue to get him wet. Sliding both her hands and her mouth along his hard cock, she went faster and it got harder the longer she fucked his dick with her mouth. Sucking his cock and hearing him moan for more was driving her so crazy, she couldn't take it anymore. She had to have his cock inside her.

"I want you." She begged

"You want me to what?" He teased her

He wanted her to talk, to be uninhibited...

Dirty.

"I want you to fuck me. Fuck me right now."

He spread her thighs and pushed his cock inside her. Her pussy was so wet, his cock slid in easily. His dick felt so good she thought she would lose it right there. But as sweat dripped from her body, she fought to hold on. Slowly he slid out and thrust back into her, harder this time. Gripping the table for support, she pushed back against him, while he thrust harder and faster.

He felt her pussy get wetter as he fucked her. She pulled his hair whispering, "Keep going, keep going. That's it, Fuck me. Don't stop." It almost became his rhythm. She moaned, "Fuck me"

"Fuck me"

"Fuck me"

"Fuck me"

She got loader as he made her come. Waves of pleasure crashed over her as she came and she scratched him as she exploded around his cock. He was almost there too, thrusting deep and hard into her, over and over again. 

"Come on me, come on my tits."

He kept thrusting and pulled out of her just in time for her to feel his warm cum splash on her tits, driving her wild. She liked the feel of his cum sliding down her naked body. His body shook as he gripped her hair and held onto her until he was finished. 

They lay together on the table, breathing heavily. He looked at her and laughed, 

"Do you want to play again next week?"