 I had worked for Demasi appliances as a salesman for half a decade. It was a good job, good benefits, though the boss, Mr. Demasi was a bit of a dick. He ran the place and made sure everyone knew he was in charge. As long as you bowed your head to him at the right time you had little to worry about. 

Every year at Christmas time the boss had one big request. He would throw a huge party at a hotel and expected every member of the staff to be there. In fact, those who missed it were often let go before long. Still it was a minor inconvenience, and he threw a wild shindig, along with an open bar. 

After the first year I went to the party, I rented a room at the hotel. A few times I went early, said hello to everyone and then hung out in the room with friends. The room provided me with another benefit, I could come down at the end of the party, and act like I had been there the whole time. The boss always appreciated the people who were there later in the evening, thinking they weren't just making an appearance, little did he know.

Mr. Demasi was a widower whose wife died a few years earlier, and he did not publicly dated. However, his pride and joy was his daughter, Audrey had gone to college and got an expensive liberal arts degree in writing. Each year she appeared to have one new passion or another. 

The party kicked off with a cocktail hour in the entryway of the hotel, during which the boss would walk around the party, and introduce his employees to his daughter showing her off. Each year I felt it was a shame that his daughter was treated like a trophy. She was a beautiful and lovely lady, but I felt any man who made a pass at her would have a short time at the company once her dad found out.

I had heard about two incidents that made it clear. While joking around on a break one day, someone claimed to have slept with Audrey. By Friday, he was no longer with the company and someone was hired to replace him. Another guy made a joke about Audrey, and just as quickly, we had a new co-worker. Not that either guy was exactly a stand out employee worker, but both left with in hours of making a comment about the boss' daughter. 

The doors to the entryway opened as I reminisced about those sudden departures, and I turned. In walked Mr. Demasi, and with him was his daughter. Mr. Demasi wore his normal suit, but his daughter was dressed in a very elegant dress that captured my eye. It was red and hugged her curves with a low cut that showed off her cleavage. This was something new, rather than being the daughter of the boss, it looked like daddy's little girl was putting herself on the market. Still with her father by her side, I figured she would be more than safe enough in this room. 

As father and daughter made the rounds of the party, I talked with a few friends, a couple of which was looking forward to a greet and run. I fingered a pair of key cards in my pocket, thinking of who if anyone I would invite up to my room. While there was a couple women at the company who would join me, it's always an awkward situation to hook up at the company party. I found that out when I wound up sleeping with a secretary a couple years before. 

I was considering what I wanted to do when Mr. Demasi reached me I turned to greet him and his daughter. 

"Hello Mr. Demasi and thank you for inviting me once again to your party." 

"You're welcome, Nick have you met my daughter, Audrey." 

I turned to greet the vision of loveliness I had seen enter with her father.

"Ms. Demasi, it's lovely to see you again."

"Mr. Schwartz, please call me Audrey. It is a pleasure to see you again as well." Audrey offered me a hand.

"In that case Audrey, call me Nick." I took Audrey hand and gave her a polite handshake in front of her father.

Before the Demasis moved on, Mr. Demasi's assistant Jeremy walked up and whispered something in his ear. Audrey and I looked at each other. I raised an eyebrow in an unspoken question, and she gave me a silent shrug in response. 

Once Jeremy finished, Mr. Demasi turned to his daughter and said. "I'm sorry dear, I need to take a call. Nick would you mind entertaining my daughter until I returned." With a nod,, he followed Jeremy out of the entryway.

I turned and gave Audrey a pleasant smile and she returned it. 

"So you're the Nick my father keeps talking about. The hotshot salesman?" She smirked at me in a way that dared me to brag.

"I have made a fantastic sale or two." I was a superb salesman, but I was surprised her father would say I was one of the best. Though I still looked at Audrey, I knew I had to be careful, any minute her father would return and I might not get another chance to talk to her that night.

"In that case, hotshot, sell me on something? How about that wine glass over there?" She motioned to a tray of drinks that a waiter was carrying around.

"That's too easy, Ms. Demasi." I grabbed the glass off the tray and offered it to her. "You see, you already want this, you only need a reason to have a drink. Would you like a drink?" I toyed with the idea of testing my luck. Hitting on Audrey might get me fired, but that dress would live forever in my dreams, or at least until I found another woman to fall for. 

Weighing my options, I knew I shouldn't, but something about the way she looked at me made me want to kiss her. I knew I couldn't do it down here in front of everyone but she might give me a chance if I offered her a different venue. The first step was to get her off balanced. I looked around the room to see if anyone was listening to us talking. Luckily most employees were a little worried by the daughter of the boss, or rather the wrath of the boss. 

"Ms. Demasi? I thought we were on a first name basis?" Audrey looked a little confused, but took the glass of alcohol and took a drink from it. Most women looked even classy with a wine glass, but Audrey looked natural with it. The way she held it made it look like it was just an accessory to her outfit. 

"It's better to be professional in a sale, Ms. Demasi. However let me mention a few things I've observed about you. You see, I'm a keen observer of the human condition, it's necessary in my field. Now first, this is not your first choice for an evening out. While you love your father, being trotted around as if some trophy, isn't your style. You are a little more of a wild child, you enjoy a younger crowd, and are a fan of more relaxed circumstances." I smiled at the end.

"I like to support my father, Mr. Schwartz. But it is true, the crowd here is a little older than I am used to." Audrey looked around as she took a second sip and then looked at me and smiled. "At least for the most part."

I didn't react to the obvious come on though I recognized my sales style was working on her. I continued. "Exactly Ms. Demasi, you see you're accustomed to a different type of party, but your father requires you to come to this party to be shown off. I'm sure after you get escorted around, you don't know what to do with yourself after dinner or until your father ends the festivities at the end of the night. I'm also willing to bet most attendees don't say more than hello to you."

"Fair enough, you seem to have pegged my life, Mr. Schwartz. What else have you noticed?" Audrey smiled warmly, hopefully enjoying my observations.

"You suggested me selling you on the wine because while you're here, you're expected to be daddy's little girl. Dainty, proper, and sophisticated, which means you don't get to enjoy much of the good time the rest of us do." I let her hang, I was ready to reel in my catch but I wanted to make sure she was interested in what I would offer her.

"So you clearly understand my problem. I believe you have an idea how to enliven my night, what are you proposing?" Toying with her wine glass, Audrey gave me another smile as she brushed her hair behind her ear.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Mr. Demasi returning and knew my time was up, I had to make my move, but then I realized I didn't have to say anything more. I casually reached a hand into my side pocket, palming the card key that had the post it note on it with the room number. I offered my hand to the young lady again.

"It was a pleasure talking with you Audrey." 

Audrey took my hand and as she covered my hand and felt the card in my hand, I thought I noticed a different smile on her face. 

"It was my pleasure, Nick. I'll think about what you said." 

As she took her hand away from my hand, I felt her cup the card. She turned to greet her father saying "Hi daddy." She handed a waiter the emptied glass of wine, and opened her purse, slipping the card into her purse, while pretending to take out lip gloss. I watched a child who had become a master in hiding from her father exhibiting her art. 

I walked off to say hi to continue a conversation with my coworkers, as Mr. Demasi and his daughter continued to circle around the party showing off his daughter, neither paying me any more attention.

********************************************

The company party had a flow. After an hour of drinking cocktails and mingling, the ballroom opened to a buffet, and a full open bar. Though it might sound like heaven, drinking in front of all your managers and bosses, would make anyone self conscious. A few people got silly, but no one wanted to make a big scene. 

I grabbed a plate full of food and sat at a table of friends. I chose a seat that gave me a view of the main table where the boss, and his daughter were eating. Most people were eating and discussing the food, so no one noticed that I spent more time staring than eating my food. I thought I noticed that Audrey looked at me once or twice, but nothing more than a casual glance around the room. I wondered if I overplayed my hand or if she was hiding hers. 

The table I was sitting at was lively, and everyone was discussing different things happening at work. I joined in and heard all the office gossip I could. I also got the opportunity to get to know a few of the wives of co-workers a little better. It was a little boring, but I knew I'd have a chance to at least leave the snorefest for a while and go chill out in a room, maybe raid the mini bar for a better time.

After dinner there was time for everyone to mingle. There was a casino that a manager ran each year, due to his hopeless gambling addiction that most of the officer workers seemed to ignore. There was a photo booth with a silly theme, and a few other stations were set up for weak "party themes".

I was thinking how best to make a stealthy exit as I noticed Mr. Demasi walking around with a few of the upper managers and having a loud discussion. The time to sneak out was now. I started for the door but noticed Audrey walking towards the same door. To avoid any suspicion I stopped and watched her. As she walked she reached into her purse and took out my keycard. She didn't look around and walked straight out of the ballroom as if it was completely natural. I figured I'd give her a few minutes headstart before I followed.

After waiting a few minutes I left the ballroom, realizing I must be tracing her exact steps. The elevator was vacant when it opened for me and I rode up alone. As I got to the floor, I didn't see anyone in the hallways, and breathed a sigh of relief. I was hoping not to leave any trail of Audrey and me no matter what happened. Having someone be able to hold whatever this was, could be a problem. 

My keycard slipped into the slot and the door of my mini suite opened. I ducked inside noticing the lights were on but I saw no one in the room right away. As the door closed I saw someone over by the minibar. 

Audrey stood up and turned to face me holding a bottle of wine. "I was thinking a bottle of wine would be nice, what do you think?" She had removed her heels, and my shoes joined hers soon after.

I walked towards her and thought about the cost of the wine, but then I took a single look at Audrey, her lovely smile, and sexy dress. I threw the whole thought process out of mind. She was worth any price.

"I would be glad to share a bottle with you. I am taking you away from an open bar, I should make amends."

Audrey stepped closer and smiled. "Yes but I think you'll be more entertaining than hiding my drinking from my father." Audrey leaned in and gently kissed me on the lips. "Are you a wine aficionado?" 

"I barely know the difference between red and white, but I'll be glad to try some. Feel free to grab the corkscrew." I leaned on a table and watch her move. There was a grace with her movement, but I felt everything she did was deliberate. 

"I believe the difference has something to do with their coloration. The reds are a touch darker than the whites." She gave me a sultry smile as she turned and grabbed the wine bottle.

"You're already teaching me something new." I reached up into a cabinet and pulled out two wine glasses, placing them on the counter next to her.

"I appreciate a man who allows a woman to take charge." Audrey worked the corkscrew into the bottle like a pro and after finishing, she looked up. "Ready?"

"I hope you'll let me lead sometimes. Go for it Audrey." I stepped back just in case anything happened with the cork screw, having seen one too many sitcoms. 

Audrey smirked at my nervousness, and popped the cork. There was a loud noise and the cork was off. She removed the cork screw and offered the cork to me to smell. As I took a whiff not knowing what to make of it, Audrey poured two glasses. 

The two of us clinked our glasses in a silent toast and took a sip. Having rarely tasted wine, and even less often enjoyed it, it didn't come as a surprise I wasn't a fan of it. From her face, I could guess Audrey wasn't overly fond of it either but she regained her smile anyways. 

"That's... something." I tried to make the best of it, but couldn't lie.

"This isn't so bad but I think it needs a little improvement." Audrey took a second sip and set her glass down.

I was confused, but Audrey smiled at me and looked in the wine bottle. She slowly tilted the bottle as she looked into it until a few drops from it landed on her breasts.

"Oops, would you care to try a taste of the newer vintage?" 

Her offer surprised me but she moved her body towards me. That look on her face that had made me invite her to the room downstairs appeared again. I noticed the wine made its way down to her dress, so I had to act fast. I bent down and ran my tongue over the drops of wine and then back again. The wine was delicious, but I replaced my tongue with my lips kissing her cleavage. 

"Alright, tiger, give me a second here to be presentable, I don't want to ruin my dress." Stepping back I wondered what she would do. She gave me a quick kiss on the lips and mumbled something about the taste before walking off. She sashayed to the bathroom, I noticed that she had a way to walk that drew my eye to her ass. It was a way she wasn't walking downstairs or any of the previous times I saw her before.

I took another sip of my wine sans breast and found it to taste a little better. I realized that we had a limited amount of time in the room, at least we did if we planned to be back at the end of the evening. There was a nightstand in the corner, and I took my phone out, and placed it on the bedstand. As I stood there I heard the door to the bathroom open and I turned around. 

In the doorway was a vision of loveliness. Audrey had changed out of her dress and changed into a robe. She stepped back into the room looking at me.

"Bored with me already? You are already playing with your phone?"

"I'm setting an alarm. We have a about ninety minutes before the end of the evening, and I figured you'd want to get down there before you're missed."

"I've left these parties before without a complaint from my father, but that's a clever plan. I can see why you're the hotshot. Thought could we have an extra 20 minutes for a shower, so my father won't guess what we're about to do?"

I laughed but changed the alarm, and gave her a nod. She regained her wine glass and leaned on the minibar looking at me as she sipped. 

I was about to rejoin her when she stepped forward grabbing the wine bottle and walked towards the bed. 

"So I was wondering what you thought about my outfit. I didn't want to get any wine on my dress but I think the robes here leave little to the imagination." Audrey twirled around showing me. The robe was short, but I wondered how much was that due to the robe and how much it was due to her curves. Then again, the robe was tied tightly, and it hid her cleavage. 

"That robe is very... lovely, but I think your dress better represented your body."

Audrey laughed at that and played with the belt on her robe. As her hands moved, I noticed her untying it as she played. She opened the robe and left it hanging. 

"I could change back, but I think you would prefer me to wear the robe if I wear it this way?" She winked at me and smiled, in a way that made it clear she had the power. 

As I looked over her body I knew she did. Both of her breasts appeared perky and beautiful, they were both large, but not overly so. However she definitely had the cleavage to back up the outfits she wore. She had on a low cut bra that would be about the only bra that would work with the dress she wore. My eyes traveled down her curves. The way the white robe framed her body almost made her look angelic, but her red underwear told a different story. And if there was any doubt the thong she had on told me that this was a woman who didn't mind if a man was looking at her like I was at that moment as long as it was the right man.

"I can see from the drool I'm right, though... I figured you invited me up here for a good time, you look like you came to a business meeting."

The comment confused me until I realized I was still dressed in my dress shirt and slacks. I unbuttoned my shirt shaking my head and tossing it aside, showing off my upper body. I ran three times a week to keep in shape, so I could be assured I was at least reasonably in shape. The murmur of approval from Audrey seemed to imply she noticed that my effort had paid off.

"Very nice, Nick. Can I see more?" Audrey sat down on the bed, continuing to enjoy the wine as I worked my pants off. One of her hands idly rubbed along her body, touching her curves.

"Should I join you in robed bliss?" I asked as my pants fell to the floor and I stepped out of them, standing in just my boxers.

"I don't think that's needed, I doubt I'll be wearing my robe for long. Want another drink?"

I laughed and walked over to the bed sitting next to her. We kissed passionately as my arm went around her back. She grabbed the bottle of wine and held it over her breasts.

"Pour me a drink, Audrey, I think I'm coming around to the wine."

Audrey laughed at that and laid back on the bed wearing just her bra and panties with the robe splayed open. The way she laid made her look like a Victoria's Secret model. She poured a little wine on her cleavage and let it run down her breast and pooled in her belly button. I bent over her body, kissing her breasts again, slurping the wine off her body, which caused her to giggle again. Once again the wine tasted far better off her lovely body. I kissed my way down her body and then dipped my tongue into her belly button which must have tickled her as she laughed.

Audrey poured a little more wine and made me catch it in my tongue. 

"You're not taking off your underwear? Aren't you afraid of getting wine on them?" I asked between kisses on her almost perfect belly button. 

"You're the only one who will get this close, though if you would prefer?" Audrey placed the bottle of wine aside and smiled at me as she reached behind, unhooking her bra and allowing the bra to fall aside. I stared as her large breasts fell only an inch, still perky and youthful. 
