 I had just finished one of the worse weeks in my life. The girl I was seeing, dumped me for another guy, and I got laid off from my job.

As far as the girl was concerned, we were great in the bedroom. But we had nothing else in common. What can I say?

" It still it hurts to be dumped..."

I knew getting another job wasn't going to be easy. I recently graduated from tractor trailer school. 

I quickly found out without experience, it's hard to get a job. I felt lucky when I got my last job.

Then just like that, the company lost its mail contract, so I was out of work again, and I still didn't have any road experience... 

At the ripe old age of twenty-five...the prospects of finding the right girl weren't looking too bright either...

I though to myself,

"Life sucks

No Job

No Girl Friend

What's the freaking use...?"

I saw this ad in the news paper for a trailer driver at, Pisano's trucking's company. What the hell I though. I've got nothing to lose, I'll give it a try.

When I got there, I saw the offices, at the end of the docks, parked my car and went in. 

As I enter the building, I saw this thin young woman walking across the loading area carrying a clip board, headed in my direction. 

As she got closer, I could see that she was kind of cute, goofy and sexy looking, all the same time. 

She had long jet black hair, wearing way too much eye makeup around the, biggest brightest, darkest blue eyes I've ever saw. 

Maybe it was the eye make up, that made her look goofy! I really didn't know, but what I did know is, I liked what I saw...

She had a tiny nose with a gold stud on the side of it; a small heart shaped mouth with full lips, wearing hot pink lipstick.

I could make out the out line of her small perky pointed breast through her low cut short tee shirt that revealed her flat tummy and navel. Her light gray sweat pants nicely hugged her slender hips and thighs. 

I could clearly see the out line of her, cute little camel toe through her sweat pants. My mouth watered just by looking at it... I could feel my cock starting to grow.

I felt her eyes on me as I eyeballed her box.

I was embarrassed as I looked up at her; she smiled. Then gave me a slow once over, her eyes lingered on the bulge in the front of my jeans for a moment, then she locked eyes with me, and winked.

She, looked down at my bulging crotch again, licked her lips. And said, 

"Hi my name's Kristi, can I help you?"

I wanted to say, Hey Babe what are doing tonight? But I wasn't brave enough. So I just smiled back at her and said,

" Hi I'm Carl; I'm here about the drivers job."

She said,

" Go to in the dispatch office." and pointed her finger towards the first door on the left. 

Then she; walked, slowly, deliberately, swaying her hips, as she sauntered down the hall. 

My eyes were glued to her perfect little heart shaped ass, and she knew it. 

When she got to the last doorway, she turned her head looked at me... 

Our eyes met...we just stood there gazing into each others eyes... for a moment... then we broke eye contact.

She gave me a playful grin, bent over sticking out her cute little ass at me; wiggled it, blew me a kiss, and went inside. 

I was left standing there, with a wicked hard on. Asking myself what the hell just happen?

I got a sever case of the HOTS for her,

"That's what the hell happened!"

I had to think about this for a second ...

First of all, she's just not my type; 

I go for the sweet innocent virginal girls; that act like lady's, with soft voices, round curves, ample breast, soft bouncing buns, that kind of juggle when they walk, wear girlie clothes, over frilly bra's, silk lacy panties.

You buy these, sweet innocent lovely young ladies, flowers, candy, wine, and dine them. 

Then, try to sweet talk them into bed...

But things with girls like that just didn't work out, for me. The last sweet little innocent virginal girlfriend I had run off with some guy...for his money. She sends me an e-mail to tell me she fell in love with...

"Oh fuck her," I said to myself.

Kristi, isn't lady like at all; she's not some shy sweet innocent blushing virgin, she has a small firm looking body, she wears sweat pants, with low cut revealing tops, way too much make up, that makes her look like some kind of... goofy looking hooker, with blue big eyes...

Then I though...but she's so cute!

"Oh Shit," I said to myself, this is stupid! she's probably married or has boyfriend, and I'll probably never see her again, anyway.

I found the dispatch office, as I enter the room I saw these three big old tough looking Italian guys, talking, drinking coffee, and eating Italian pastry. 

"These guys looked like they came right out of the Sopranos TV show, one them looked just like, Uncle Junior."

They looked at me, and grunted as they spoke loudly," what you want kid?"

I answered," I'm here about the driver's job." They nodded their heads towards, the back of the room.

The room was partition off with a railing and a swinging door in the middle of it. 

There were a couple of desks behind the railing, with a sign hanging from the ceiling that read, Dispatch.

Behind the dispatch area was another door with the name,

" Mr. Ralph Pisano" painted on it

There was a heavy set older woman; sitting at her desk, smoking a cigarette, drinking coffee, reading the newspaper.

I walked over to her and said, 

"Hi, I'm here about the driver's job."

She looked me up and down and, asked,

" are you a trailer truck driver?" 

I nodded yes; she handed me an app, told me to go fill it out. I quickly did as I was told, and gave it back to her. 

She said," wait a minute; have a seat, while I bring your app to Mr. Pisano."

She got up and went into the back room. I sat down in an empty chair beside the other desk, to wait.

I saw Kristi come out of Mr. Pisano office.

She smiled, when she saw me...then she stopped, stood there, tapping the tip of her finger on her lips, like she just though of something she forgot to do...glanced at me again, and went back into Mr. Pisano's office.

After a few minutes she came back out of Mr. Pisano's office...and walked towards me grinning, 

"Like the cat that ate the canary."

I smiled at her; looked at her big blue eyes, her small heart shaped mouth, those perky little tits, and Oh GOD that cute little camel toe.

As she walked towards me, 

I started to fantasize about... what it would feel to kiss her... slip one hand down the front of her sweat pants... over her pussy mound... cup her private part in my palm... run my finger tip between the lips of her tender pink slit from back to front, and play with her little bundled of nerves...making her wet...and feel... the warmth coming from her love nest... 

While I gently rub my finger tip back and forth across her love button ...while I look into those big beautiful dark blue eyes of hers...

I had a huge erection... that was about to burst out of my pants. 

I was totally lost in my fantasy, when I realized...

She was standing right in front of me smiling... looking down at my boner... she gazed into my eyes... gave me a playful, evil grin... glanced around the office...then looked back down at my bulge ...

She put one hand on my shoulder, her other hand on my thigh...with finger tips lightly stroking the top of my cock...

As her finger tips toughed my erection...I gasped softly... as a thrill went shooting through my body right into my hard dick. 

I looked down the front of her tee shirt...I could see her, cup cake sized breast, with her pointed pink nipples... under her white padded bra...

She looked around again to see, if anyone was watching us...then glanced down at my cock again...and wrapped her little hand around it...gently squeezing it.

I started to pump her hand.... 

She smiled at me ...with this dreamy look on her face...in sultry voice whispered,

" Do you like that?"

She was driving me crazy...and she knew it.

Kristi sucked in her breath heavily...like she was consumed with lust and desire...for me...

She ran the tip of her tongue over her full lips to moisten them ...

All I could think of... as I looked at her moist full lips... is how her pussy must look...

All...wet ... slightly opened... waiting for penetration ... 

She bent over me... with her wet soft full lips... just a fraction of an inch away from mine... she exhaled passionately...blowing her warm breath into my mouth...

I could smell her breath mint... I could almost taste it...as she exhaled into my mouth...

My heart was pounding in my chest... sending blood surging right into hard throbbing cock ...

My meat was so hard ...I was oozing pre-cum in my under shorts. 

GOD I'm burning up with desirer, for her...and she knew it... 

She moved her head around with her lips... just out of my reach...she kept glancing at my lips... with her mouth slightly opened...her eyes partially closed...as if she wanted me to kiss her...

She moved her head to the side...motioning towards me...with her eyes... for me to follow her lead, and move my head to side, so we could line our lips up... for a kiss...

I closed my eyes...slightly opened my mouth ...to match hers ...moved my head to side...put my hands on her waist...just under her short tee shirt...

I could feel her soft warm flesh... while I waited for her lips to touch mine...

I instinctively ran the finger tips of my left hand.... upward over her spine...causing little shivers of excitement to go through her body...

I reached her bra...took hold on the clasp... between my index finger and thumb, and opened it...she gave a startled jerk.... as her bra fell from breasts...

I rubbed my other hand up over her rib cage until my hand was under her loosely hanging bra...cupped her warm soft little breast...caressed it...pressed my thumb against her nipple and rubbed it back and forth...causing her to moan softly...as her nipple harden...

She gripped my manhood tighter and stroked it... moaning...breathlessly she whispered,

" Does that feel good?" 

I was jerking my hips up against her hand...

I could feel my balls swelling up with cum...I was so excited... I started to tremble...

Kristi brushed her lips across my cheek...

Her grip my dick got tighter, as I twisted her nipple between my index finger and thumb...

She stroked my cock harder, and faster...

She whispered to me... blowing her warm breath... deeply into my ear, 

"Is that big hard thing in your pants, for me ...do you...want to... do you want to ... stick it in me...and...fuck me with it?"

Then she plunged her tongue deep into my ear, sending an erotic thrill straight through my body right into my cock... 

Geez...I gasped... bit my tongue trying not moan out loud...jerked my hips up out of the chair...shot my load straight down the leg of my pants...

Good GOD...I came in my pants. 

She stood up straight, her face was flushed a light pink. She brushed my hands off her breast, grinned and said,

"I've got to be careful around you...you're fast." As she reached her hands behind her to re-hooked her bra...

Then she looked at the messy wet spot on inside of my thigh, and giggled, as she quietly asked,

" Did I make you do that? You naughty boy...what were you thinking about doing to me?"

I looked up at Kristi... turned a bright red... I didn't know if... I wanted to kill her or kiss her...Maybe both.

All I really knew was ...I felt good...and I was embarrassed at the same time...

She looked at the big wet sticky spot on the inside of the leg of my pants, and burst out laughing... 

The three old guys looked over at us, like we nuts or something, shrugged their shoulders...and went back to whatever it was they doing.

I couldn't speak...I was still trying to catch my breath ...I didn't know... what I'd say even if I could speak. 

My boner was going down, and I was left with this big gooey wet spot on the inside of my thigh... that Kristi kept looking at it and giggling. 

I think... I wanted to die...

It was a good thing; I was wearing dark blue jeans or that big gooey spot on my thigh would have stuck out like a sore thumb.

The dispatcher came out of the back office, followed by this ...monster of a man. 

He must have been at least six four, weighting about three hundred and fifty pounds; His head was the size of a bowling ball, he was half bald with graying black hair, big thick dark eye brows, a heavy mustache, a dark five o'clock shadow, he had small black hairs sprouting out of his ears lobes, and out the bottom of his nose. 

He was dressed like a road driver in a red plaid cowboy shirt, jeans, and a pair of black cowboy boots.

He was the biggest scariest looking guy I ever saw. This guy was someone. I didn't want to mess with, or get on his wrong side. 

He stood in his doorway, looking over at me, with my app in his hand.

He pointed his index finger at me, and motioned, with it for me to come over to him. 

As I got up a couple more drops of cum leaked out of my cock and dripped down my leg. 

Kristi looked at me and giggled...

He had a serious look on his face, as I walked towards him. He was peering onto my eyes as if he could read my mine and see my soul. 

He said," 

Look kid you don't have much experience... but if you can pass a road test, I'll give you a try ..." 

I though to myself: What more can, I ask? 

I passed the test with ease. 

Mr. Pisano said, "Okay Kid, you can start tomorrow. You're going to be the local driver, Aunt Tracy is going t be your boss."

I wasn't paying much attention to what he was saying....I was so excited about getting the job... 

I kept thinking about Kristi ...She's crazy, half nuts, goofy looking, sexy, fun to be around...and I know she likes me! What more could I want... 

I was already planning on how; to go about asking her out...

I though, if I had the nerve, I'd just say...Hey Kristi, let's go somewhere and finish what we started...then we'll take it from there...but I don't have that kind of nerve...sad to say...I'm really kind of shy.

When we got to Kristi's desk Mr. Pisano said, 

"I see that you've already met Kristi, she's my little princess."

Kristi, said," Hi Daddy." 

My heart sank. Oh Shit, I though to myself, he wouldn't approve of me hitting on his daughter, He'll think I'm being disrespectful, fire me, and forbid me to see her...

My mood went from being on top of the world...to lower then whale shit...which is on the bottom of the ocean.

What I didn't know was that Kristi; was daddy's little girl, Kristi gets what, Kristi wants, from her Daddy, and Kristi pleaded with him to give me the chance. 

His cell phone rang; before he could say anymore. He looked at it and said,

" I have to take this kids." and walked back towards his office with his phone stuck to his ear.

I smiled at Kristi sadly and said,

" I'll guess I'll see you in the morning."

She smiled at me, giggled and said," Ill see you in the morning."

"The End of part one.

To be continued in part two."