 I'm sitting at my desk, concentrating on my work when my office door opens. I speak without looking up. "One moment please." 

The door closes and I hear the latch click and lock. I look up, he's standing there looking at me. Hunger in his eyes as he stares at my cleavage, barely concealed in my low cut dress. 

"Not covered up very well are you Missy?" He says as he moves towards my desk. I gulp. 

"I'm sorry sir" I reply as my typing slows. He laughs and moves closer, I can smell his cologne. It makes my pussy tingle. 

"You're sorry? You have your tits almost on show and you're sorry?!" He leans over my desk. "Did you do what I told you?"

I nod, smiling a shyly. I whisper. "I have no panties on sir" 

He groans and makes his way around my desk, noticing what I'm wearing on my legs. "I didn't tell you to wear tights! I told you I wanted your pussy bare!" His voice raised as he pushes my chair back. I open my legs and he smiled when he sees my pussy glistening. He puts out his hand and raisers my dress up, fire in his eyes when he notices my stockings and suspenders. "Oh fuck yes Aria! So goddamn sexy!" 

I giggle and look up to meet his gaze. "I wore them especially for you sir"

He grabs me by my upper arms and pulls me into a kiss, I feel his dick, hard beneath his clothes pressed against my stomach. I moan. 

"Keep making that noise and I'll throw you over the desk right now and fuck you with out the pleasantries!" He snarls in my ear. I stop myself from making any more noise, for the moment at least. 

He spins me round so I'm almost sitting on my desk, he lifts my skirt higher and touches my pussy. My mouth opens and my eyes get wide, but I don't make a sound. 

"Oh my god, you're soaked for me!" He says against my mouth as he sits me on the desk. He drops to his knees, I feel his breath on my thighs. He kisses the inside of each thigh, I tremble in anticipation. 

He plants a kiss directly on my pussy, I gasp. "Please sir... lick me" He smiles as he pushes my legs open wider and opens his mouth. 

"As you wish princess" his tongue licks up and down my pussy. I throw my head back and moan. His mouth moving all over my pussy, his tongue flicking over my clit before dipping inside me. I shiver. 

There's a knock on the door, I gasp. He stands up, his hand covers my mouth so I can't make a noise as his fingers dip inside my pussy. I writhe beneath his touch. There's another knock. His thumb works my clit as his fingers fuck me, I feel my pussy tighten around the digits inside me. I come hard, shaking and shivering all over. His hand still clamped over my mouth as he rubs the orgasm out of me. 

I stop shaking and look him in the eye. He doesn't need to say a word, I know what he wants. I drop down to my knees and unbuckle his belt before pushing his pants down and taking the tip of his hard cock in my mouth. 

I suck the head of his dick, my tongue flicking over the very tip. His hand grabs the back of my head and his hips jerk his delicious cock all the way into my mouth. I moan. He jerks again. 

I suck him hard, looking him in those beautiful blue eyes, taking him to the back of my throat. 

"Yes! Suck it you little slut! Oh that's good! Now stop! Mmmmmm..." escapes his lips as I suck. I feel him twitching in my mouth as his orgasm approaches. "No! Stop!" He cries and pulls his cock out of my mouth. 

He grabs me by the throat and throws me onto my desk, he flips me over onto my front, lifts my skirt and opens my legs. His hard cock against my pussy as he slaps my ass. "I told you to stop! Naughty girls get fucked better!" He says as he pushes his hard cock into me. I groan. 

He pulls out and slams back into me, I bite my lip to hold back a scream. My pussy tightens around him. "No no no! Do not cum yet! Do you hear me?!" He yells as he continues to pound me. "When I tell you to cum, then you cum! Understand?!"

"Yes sir, but it's so fucking good!" I reply as he thrusts into my wet pussy over and over. 

He grabs my hair and starts to pound me even harder. "Yes! Fuck me! Own my pussy!" 

He grunts. "Oh you're such a sexy slut! I can't hold it anymore!" Then moan. "Cum for me! Now!" 

My pussy clenches his cock as my orgasm hits, I scream as the first wave hits me. His cock twitches and shoots his hot load into my pussy. He fucks my orgasm out of me as he spurts inside me. He pulls out of me and collapses on my chair, watching the mass of cum drop out of me and down onto the carpet. 

"So fucking sexy!" He says as he stands and pulls his pants up. He buckles his belt and slaps me on the ass. "Back to work Missy! I'll be checking on your progress in the meeting later" 

I stand up and pull down my skirt. He unlocks the door before turning to wink at me. "We will continue this discussion another time Aria. I'm afraid I have to meet with the other partners for lunch" I smile. 

"Yes sir, shall I arrange it in your diary?" I ask. He nods and pulls out his phone, typing away. 

My phone beeps. "I've sent you my schedule for the next few days" And with that he walks away. 

I check my phone, no schedule, just a text. 

'My place, 8pm. No panties rule still applies' 

I smile. I have the best boss ever!! 

TO BE CONTINUED