 It was already dark on that Friday evening when I arrived at the meeting with the prospective tenants, well after it had started. That had been my plan all along. As I emerged from the bank of elevators, I saw the group of four men who were gathered together at the far end of the yet-to-be completed office space. One man looked towards me as the sound of my stiletto boot heels clicking on the concrete floor gave away my presence. A smile crossed his face before he turned back towards the conversation. I strolled in an unhurried way towards the men.

"Has Alesander been able to provide you with the terms you were looking for, gentlemen?" The oldest man in the group put out his hand towards me to shake it. 

"Miss Williams, everything looks very satisfactory. Mr. Ivanof has been most helpful." Given Alesander's short tenure with our real estate management group, I was pleased to hear that he had closed his first deal.

"Excellent. I'll have the legal group finish the paperwork and have it on your desk on Monday. Excuse me, gentlemen." I turned and walked towards the other side of the vast, empty floor, with its exposed steel beams and littered with dusty construction materials.

I could hear Alex extend his thanks as he walked the men to the elevators. I stood looking out of the high rise windows at the city lit up below.

Within a moment, I heard a low voice at my back. "You never said you were joining us tonight. You came here for me, didn't you?" The voice had a slight, but appealing Russian accent, and I could feel his breath on my neck. I didn't turn around. "No, but of course I wanted to drop in. I wanted to make sure you closed the deal."

"That's not all you came for. And," he lowered his voice, "you'll come again. I promise." A jolt of wetness surged through my pussy. This was exactly what I hoped, what I knew would happen.

He put his hands on my shoulders and gently turned me around to face him. He slid his fingers down to the top button of my trench coat and loosened it, and continued until they were all opened. The fabric of my coat parted to reveal a sheer blouse and short skirt, with knee-high leather boots. I had changed from my office outfit before arriving at the construction site, knowing that this encounter was likely.

I watched Alex's face as he silently undid my buttons. He was young, cocky and very good looking with angular Slavic features. A mop of dark hair constantly slid into his eyes, accentuating his youth. 

"You've been watching me. I've seen that," he said. It was true. It was hard not to let my mind wander during interminable meetings we had to attend. Despite his classic wardrobe of button down shirts and khaki trousers, I could easily envision the outline of a nicely sculpted, hard body and what it would feel like pressed against me.

"Although you're my boss, I'm going give out the direction here this evening, do you understand?" I nodded and smiled slightly. 

"Are you wet already?" My eyes opened in surprise at his directness, then I gasped out loud as he thrust his hand immediately up my skirt and slid his forefinger under the brief thong that barely covered my labia. He didn't linger there.

"Oh, you are. Very." He withdrew his finger and brought it to my lips. "Lick it," he commanded. I did, tasting the sweet, salty slickness. 

The enormous bulge in his trousers was evident even the dim light. I brought my hand forward to cup it, but he immediately grabbed my wrist and pushed my arm back by my side.

"I'll let you know when I want you do to that. We're going over to the foreman's office. But I want you to take off your coat so I can watch you walk." 

He took a step backwards. I slowly shrugged each shoulder out of my coat and let it slide inch by inch off my arms. He reached out and took it from me, looking me over from head to toe. The skirt was very short and hugged my hips, my blouse very sheer, with the strapless pushup bra visible underneath. The boots really added to the affect. He was breathing more heavily. 

"Turn around, please, and walk to the office. Slowly."

I did as instructed, carefully measuring my steps, accentuating the sway of my hips a bit. The feel of his eyes upon me was exciting and unnerving at the same time. I've never felt such vibrations in my pussy as I did in the few moments it took to cover the distance to the door.

As I reached for the door handle, I felt his breath on my neck again, his body pressing into mine. His hands caressed my hips, sliding the skirt up, brushing my thighs.

"If you don't want this, then go now; otherwise, I am going to fuck you hard and long, the way you need to be fucked."

"Whatever you say, Mr. Ivanof," was my response.

The door opened to reveal a sparse, but at least clean room with a desk, some chairs and a small sofa. A table lamp provided dim light. Alex closed the door and maneuvered me with my back against it.

"Reach up and grab that coat hook – both hands." I held the hook with my forefingers, and pressed my back closer to the door, and realized how my breasts jutted out. I so wanted him to touch them, to suck them. I knew he would.

Alex took a step closer and focused on my breasts, as I willed him to do. He slowly, gently undid the buttons of my blouse, finally exposing my lacy bra. He brought his lips down to the soft skin, swollen over the top of the bra and kissed the mounds, pressing into the cleavage. His thumbs caressed the material on top of my nipples, sending shivers through me. I could feel that they had turned into hard nubbins, so sensitive to his touch. I arched my back, and moaned.

"Beautiful titties," he murmured, reaching around to the bra hooks, and releasing it. The bra finally slid forward, freeing the soft orbs from their restrictive prison. I felt another strong gush of wetness as Alex's lips suctioned first one nipple, then the other. His tongue swirled, his teeth nipped and pulled my rosy nipples as the sensation in my pussy increased into madding proportions. My pelvis thrust forward, making contact with the huge ridge below Alex's beltline.

"Easy there, patience. You'll get some cock, a lot of cock, all in due time. I know you want it, but you must wait." The "wait" sounded like "vait" with his accent. I sighed.

Alex moved off me a bit, his hands circling my waist. He found the zipper on the side of my skirt and tugged on it. He crouched in front of me to remove my skirt, tugging on the hem to slowly slide it down my legs, his face level with my crotch as the skirt was lowered enough to reveal my thong, barely covering my dripping, throbbing pussy. He looked up and smiled a wicked smile at me.

"I like it when a woman is eager and ready for me. But you must beg, I won't just give in. You're the slut, not me."

"Alex," I said, through gritted teeth, "I want you to fuck me, hard. Can't you see how wet I am?"

"I want you wetter. I want you desperate. I will make you that way."

My skirt was caught at my knees, at the top of my boots, preventing me from spreading my legs. Alex stood up and leaned in against me looking me in the eyes. His fingertips caressed the outside of my labia, swollen and slick. I moaned and tried to open my legs more, but I couldn't . His fingers teased me, barely sliding over my clit, just enough to tease, but not enough to satisfy. His forefinger parted my puffy outer lips and made contact with my dripping hole, but didn't venture much further. His hand slid around my hip to my ass cheeks and started to dip between them, but hardly acknowledged my willing anus. Such torture, to be touched but not with any rhythm. When he finally lifted the fabric of my thong and penetrated my slick lips with his fingertips, a gush of hot moisture coated his digits. He lapped at the fountain allowing his tongue to spread along the length of my firm, shaved vagina. I yelped in pleasure.

"Alex, don't stop, please, lick me. I want to come, please!"

He mumbled, "sweet, sweet pussy," as he continued his assault with his tongue. As much as I wanted to spread my legs, the sensation of having to keep my legs closed intensified the throbbing. Alex's ran his strong tongue the length of my labia and began concentrating on my clit, swollen and protruding. Back and forth, up and down, I surrendered into the vortex of the rhythm, my entire existence focused on the overwhelming sensation emanating from my pussy, spreading upwards. As the tidal wave engulfed me, my legs buckled, I let go of the hook above me and slid to my knees, moaning and breathless. Alex caught me and held me in his arms.

When I finally had regained enough of my senses, I lifted my face to Alex's. "Amazing," I said.

"I'm not done with you yet, my sweet." He stood up and helped me to my feet. "Let's get rid of the skirt, it will not be needed any longer." He tugged it down over the boots and I stepped out of it. "But definitely keep the boots on. I like sluts in boots." I certainly felt like one, with only a sheer, open blouse, thong and boots on! The throbbing in my pussy was persistent and increasing once again.

"You're a little overdressed though, I'd say," as I reached for his shirt. He didn't protest as I loosened the tie and worked on the too many little buttons down to the belt. The ridge in his pants hadn't diminished and I eyed my prize. I pulled his shirt out of his pants and started on the belt. His chest was hairless and his abdomen well defined. As I ran my fingers over the fabric of his pants, searching for his zipper, Alex's breath began to quicken. The massive cock underneath was straining to be freed. It was my turn to tease.

"You've been so patient, you deserve a little attention, I think," I said smiling at him. I sunk to my knees in front of him, my face level with his crotch. The zipper came down, ever so slowly, as my other hand reached between his legs to rub his firm and swollen balls. As I pulled his trousers down, his briefs became visible, stretched so tight over a rock hard cock, a moist stain revealing where his precum had been oozing. I reached my hand up to caress the flat stomach and slowly brought it down to the waistband of his brief. I didn't do more than briefly insert a finger before continuing to run the flat of my palm over the protrusion and smiled as Alex groaned in frustration. 

I felt his cock twitch as I stroked the outside of the briefs. I couldn't stand the anticipation myself, though. It wasn't long before I was pulling the restrictive fabric down, finally allowing his manhood to spring free. He slipped off his shoes and quickly discarded the pants and briefs. I just had to wrap my lips around this dripping, exquisite penis, to taste his salty essence, to take it all in. His fingers entwined in my hair, he readily pushed himself into my willing mouth, groaning and sighing contentedly. I would have sucked him off had he not suddenly withdrawn and pulled me to my feet.

"Oh, I knew your mouth would be sweet, but there is no way I'm not fucking you tonight." He pulled me close again, and kissed me for the first time, a passionate, deep kiss. His fingers went right to my cunt, to the still swollen clit, and began to find the same rhythm that got me before. I instantaneously began to feel the throbbing building again.

"Go over to the sofa and bend over." I walked around to the rear and leaned over the low back. My ass stuck in the air. Alex stood where he was, savoring the sight.

"I love your juicy pussy, so wet and open. I'm going to fuck you now." I almost came again at those words.

I looked behind me at him as he walked towards me, his cock dripping. I pushed my ass in the air as much as I could, spreading my legs to expose my open pussy to him. He placed his hands on my ass cheeks, and the head of his penis against my swollen pussy lips, dragging the head up and down. I yelped in anticipation, trying to position my opening to better capture that cock and pull it inside. I needed him in me!

With an audible groan, Alex placed his bulbous head at the opening of my cunt, pushing in ever so slightly. As I started to push back on it, he held me still with his hands on my ass. "Don't push! I'll drive!"

I felt my pussy muscles clutching at nothing, so desperate to have something to clamp down on. "Fuck me, Alex! Now, now!"

With deliberate slowness, Alex finally inserted that magnificent cock of his into my pussy. A hiss of breath escaped from my gritted teeth as I felt the large rod stretch my cunt and relieve the desperate need. I squeezed down involuntarily as he just as slowly withdrew. Within a second he pushed in again, somewhat faster. It only took a few moments for Alex to start to rear back and slam himself into me, his large balls slapping my ass with every thrust. As he started to increase his speed, each insertion got deeper and deeper. The tension that had been building began to cascade into another monstrous orgasm. I clutched the cushions underneath me and let out a mighty yell. 

Alex continued his assault without pause, grunting louder and louder. With continuous aftershocks, I felt my pussy clamping down on his cock and I pushed back in rhythm to his thrusts. Suddenly, Alex reared back and stopped; he yelled loudly, gave one more thrust and exploded into me. After another few half-hearted pushes, Alex collapsed on top of me, trembling. I couldn't believe the intense sensations I had just experienced, the pure aftermath of lust. I liked it.

Alex groaned and pulled out of me. He stepped over the back of the small sofa, lay on it, and pulled me on top of him. We spent a few silent minutes catching our breath while he stroked my hair.

"Mr. Ivanof," I said. "There will be inspection of the space on Wilson Avenue on Monday evening. I expect you to make arrangements to join me."

"Yes, Miss Williams," Alex said. "Will you be needing the same tasks to be performed?"

"Of course," I said.