 Renee had never been one of those girls who dreamed of babies and small children running around -- all she ever pictured for her future was a successful career and a beautiful studio apartment in a high rise loft in downtown Denver with a beautiful view of the mountains. She had all of that, a successful career as an accountant for a CPA firm with a bright future ahead of her. Her apartment wasn't quite at the top of the building, but there was still time for that. Besides, she had the perfect roommate, her cat Hobbes. He was a beautiful orange striped cat, and had been with her for a couple of years. She had adopted him as an older cat, always feeling sorry for the older kitties.

Renee's sister, Rae, lived in Kansas, with her husband Quinten. Rae desperately wanted children, but she was unable to conceive. Six months ago, Rae and Quinten had asked Renee to surrogate carry a child for them. Renee had to think about it for a long while. Finally she agreed after listening to Rae's pleadings. It had been a process, but finally the IVF had taken place three months ago, and it had taken on the first try. Renee took a pregnancy test a little over two month ago. She knew then that her body would never be the same, and wondered what she was getting herself into. Rae and Quinten were ecstatic at the news. Kansas wasn't very far away, but Renee only had the one bedroom and preferred her space, so they didn't come out that often. She knew they would need to see each other a bit more often during this process though. Quentin and Rae were going to pay her expenses through this process, as well as a gym membership after it was done. Thank goodness for that!

Already, Renee noticed that her clothes were beginning to get tighter around her stomach, her wardrobe was becoming limited, and she would need to buy a few flexible professional options soon. She hadn't quite worked out how to explain her condition at work. Probably just needed to bring it up at the next team meeting. She was starting into her second trimester now, so it was probably safe to let people know. Although being single and pregnant, the sooner she explained it, the better it would be. Maybe she should bring Rae and Quentin in to back up the story.

One of the managers at Renee's office, Wayne had always been attracted to her, with his attentions ranging from none at all, to friendly conversation, to the occasional inappropriate comment or touch. Nothing she couldn't handle. He had been understanding, but had lots of questions for her when she announced her surrogate pregnancy. Over the next couple of months, she could feel him watching her more. His attention growing as the size of her stomach increased. Right around the time she was six months along he came into her office after hours as she was preparing to leave. He had been undressing her with his eyes and throwing flirty comments her way, so she expected him to stop by. Wayne was older, but not unattractive, taller than Renee, and well-built and always well dressed.

She leaned forward over her desk to sign the form he had brought. He was standing right behind her and moved his hand to her belly, hanging beneath her. She knew she should push his hand away, but her body was betraying her, his touch felt good, and she liked it. His hand caressed her stomach, and moved its way up to her swollen breasts. She moaned softly. He slid his other hand around her, and slowly made his way up her shirt. He slipped one breast free of the straining bra holding them. Renee shuddered. 

This is crazy, I have to stop this! Her head was screaming. 

But she moved back until she felt him against her. His body tense and hard. He ground against her ass slowly, she felt his excitement. Her breath was coming in very short little gasps. His right hand moved from the outside of her shirt down to caress her hips, pulling her ass into his hard cock. His left hand was continuing to fondle her nipple under her shirt. His right hand continued to work its way down to the bottom of the skirt and slowly lifted it up. He had her now, ass bare, and bent over the desk in front of her, belly hanging beneath her. She still didn't say anything.

A million questions zoomed through her head. She heard his pants unfasten. He moved in behind her again, she could feel his cock rub against her pussy, which was dripping wet now. He reached around her again, on both sides and freed the right breast from its cup as well. She bent lower, rubbing her cunt against his hardness. He moved his hand briefly from her breast and slid his cock slowly into her throbbing pussy.

"Ohhhh" she moaned 

He moved his hand back to her breasts, one hand on each from behind her as he slowly eased his rock hard 7 inches into her dripping pussy. He filled her tightness and she felt herself stretch to accommodate him. It felt so hot. Her manager's cock buried within her tight little twat. He began to pump, in and out of her with a rhythm that started out slow, but quickly worked its way up to a frantic pace, she felt like there might have been a jackhammer behind her, but she loved it. Her belly swayed below her as she stared behind her. She could feel herself climbing higher and higher, she would climax soon. She closed her eyes and let the rush wash over her as a gasp escaped her lips. 

Wayne heard the gasp, knew she had cum, and let himself over the edge in just three more thrusts. Her pussy was so tight and wet, it had been all he could do to make it as long as he had. She had been the woman of his lustful thoughts for months. Her growing belly and breasts and the knowledge that the child wasn't hers turned him on like crazy. He had loved the thought of sex with a pregnant woman, but raising children after pregnancy had never seemed worth it. Now here she was, the woman of his dreams, and he'd fucked her already.

As he slowly pulled his semi-hard cock from her dripping pussy, Renee slowly stood and turned around. Her skirt was still pushed up and she rested her ass against the desk, warm beneath her cheeks. Wayne reached forward and kissed her, tenderly at first, then deepening the kiss, he explored her mouth. Her tongue ring fascinated him. He wondered what that would feel like against him. He felt his cock stir again. His hand caressed her face as he kissed his way down her neck. She sighed in his ear as he began to unbutton her shirt. He had to see those luscious breasts and the belly beneath them. As the shirt came away slowly, the first breast appeared, swollen and gorgeous. He immediately moved his mouth to cover the first nipple. Renee leaned back to give him access to her chest. His tongue making lazy circles around her nipple, occasionally flicking against the tip. His hands rubbing over her round little belly.

Each flick of her nipple sent a little shock of electricity coursing through Renee's body. She had needed this release badly. She felt her tension mounting, her breasts being worked by a master. His tongue was circling her nipple, flicking over the hard bud and when he sucked on her nipple hard, it sent her crashing over the edge. She was shuddering on the desk when she felt his head move away from her chest. She looked up at him and saw his rock hard cock in his hand. She felt him slide it up and down her wet slit. She opened her legs for his approach.

Wayne thrust his cock back into her tight wet cunt, feeling her pussy grab his cock. Her ass was perched on the edge of the desk. Her bare breasts and tight belly on display before him. She was intoxicating. He thrust his throbbing cock in her, watching her breasts bounce with each thrust. It was magical. He lifted her legs and wrapped them around his waist. She leaned back further so she was laying on the desk. His desk, he was fucking this pregnant beauty on his desk. Her breasts bouncing up and down each time he slid his cock in and out of her tight little cunt. God this was glorious. She shuddered on the desk and moaned. He moved her legs up to his shoulders, still plunging in and out of her, moans coming now with every thrust. He couldn't take this scene much longer, his need rising as did his pace. Thrusting faster and faster he was nearing the edge as he felt her grip him deep inside and begin to shudder around him again. He buried his cock in her and came. He had not had an orgasm like that in years. He couldn't even remember the last time he'd cum twice in this short of time frame. He pulled out of her slowly as she opened her eyes. They had a fantastic just sexed glow. He helped her sit up, and glanced at the clock on the wall. It was late.

Renee lowered her skirt and began to straighten her top. Wayne redressed and reached over to kiss her.

"I'm so sorry" Wayne said "I really hate to do this, but I was supposed to be somewhere thirty minutes ago. I have to run, but, please, can we meet tomorrow?"

"Sure" Renee nodded. "Call me"

"I will" Wayne promised. He dashed out.