 After our little sexual escapade in the closet, I was sexually relieved and physically drained. But I wasn't completely satisfied either.

For me, it takes a good old fashion, deep dick fucking, balls deep fucking in the good old missionary position to satisfy me. Hand jobs, oral sex, anal sex, are great foreplay, and there fun. I can get off on them, but they leave me wanting more.

I wanted to fuck Kristi now, more then ever. I wanted to be in her and make her mine.

"I though to myself, Hmm, make her mine! What the hell is going on here? What's happening to me?"

Kristi led me to a small toilet, near the coat closet so we could freshen up, and straighten our clothes. We were playing grab ass as she led me to the kitchen. So I could meet her Mother. 

When we got there her Mother looked me over, and said, "You must be Carl, the young man Kristi, has been telling me so much about. It's nice to finally meet you, and please just call me Barbie."

I nodded and said," it's nice to meet you too, Barbie." I took a liking to her right away; she was friendly, and easy going. I could see that Kristi got her good looks and personality from her Mother.

We went into the dinning room for dinner. I was so hungry. I ate like a pig, after supper we sat around the table and talking, with her parents. Mr. Pisano told me to call him Ralph, Mr. P, or anything else, but not to call him Mr. Pisano, he said that makes him feel old.

While we sat there Kristi and I were playing hands under the table. She kept grabbing my cock! I'd grab her hand, take it off my dick and hold it. Then, I'd let go of her little hand, rub my hand up the inside of her warm calmly thigh and quickly cover the crotch of her soaked panties. 

Kristi would immediately put her hand over mine, and press it tightly against her hot moist little box. I'd try and slip my hand under the leg of her of her panties, or down the front of them, but she wouldn't let me. She'd pull my hand off her snatch and hold it on top of her thigh.

While we were doing this; we somehow or other managed to keep straight faces. 

"Believe me, it wasn't."

We were having fun again; I could feel my cock starting twitch as it came back to life. 

Kristi's parents went into the other room to watch TV and left us alone.

Kristi kissed me on the cheek and said, "Come on. I'll show you my bedroom suite. "She took my hand, and led me down stairs. She told me that her apartment used to belong to her grand parent's, before they died."

As soon as we got into her flat; we were in each others arms, with our lips gently touching. Our hands roamed up and down each others backs, and then we started caressing each others buns.

I picked her up and carried her over to the bed; she kicked off her shoes, as I laid her down.

I kicked off my shoes and lay down beside her. She rolled over into my arms. We embraced, kissed, gently, lovingly, as our tongues touched. It sent erotic chills racing through my body.

After our kiss broke, I held her against me trailing soft kisses; all over her pretty face, first on her eye lids then on the tip of her cute little nose, and on her cheek. I nibbled on her ear lobe and blew softly into her ear. Then I plunged my tongue into her ear, and squeezed her ass cheek.

Kristi gasped, hugged me tighter lifted her leg over my hip; causing her skirt to slid up, she started to unconsciously pump herself against my pelvis. 

She bit the hot spot between my neck and shoulder and sucked, sending jolts of pleasures straight through my body to my cock.

I whispered, "Don't do that Baby, you'll give me a hickey, and you'll make me cum in my pants again!" She blushed and giggled. Then I kissed her forcing my tongue deeply into her mouth.

She responded by grinding herself harder against me. I could feel little shivers of excitement going through her body. I cupped her firm little ass cheek and pulled her tighter against me. 

She looked at me, with her big blue pleading eyes, whispering," you're driving me crazy. Please be gentle with me, my ex was a small man. He has a very small..., besides he only did it to me a few times."

I though to myself, this is going to be our first time. I want it to be special for her, and for us.

I though to myself, what's wrong with me? I don't understand these strange new feelings, I have for her!

I looked into her eyes and nodded my head up and down, letting her know, that I understood. I kissed her eye lids as I rolled her onto her back. I whispered to her," You're all talk, aren't you?"

"Yeah, I guess so; but I know what I want. I want you and I want you in me, to be one with me, but Honey, you're so big! Please be gentle with me, as you make love to me." She pleaded softly,

When I heard those sweet words, my heart melted, and started beating faster. I felt my cock got harder. Dear God, I thought to myself she's almost a virgin, and Prayed please don't let me hurt her.

I softly kissed her on the forehead, whispered," I'll be gentle and go slow." Kristi kissed me, probing her tongue, deep into my mouth, as she grabbed my cock

"Oh God Please Honey, it's so big, but I want you. I want to feel you in Me." she begged, between our parted lips.

I kissed her back sucking her tongue deeper into my mouth, and running my tongue around hers. I slid my hand under her sweater up over her rib cage. I found the clasp on the front of her bra undid it between my thumb and index finger.

Kristi let go of my cock, took her leg off my hip, and sat up upright, with her ass on her heels. She unbuckled my pants opened the clip, pulled down the zipper, in a soft voice she said, "Take them off."

I did as I was told, and took off my pants, leaving me there in my under shorts.

Then I pushed her over and down on her back. Kristi laid there with her skirt bunched up around her hips. She had long lovely thin legs. I could see the wet crotch of her black lacy panties. I looked into her big dark blue eyes. As I gently rubbed my hand over her soft cheek. I thought to myself," she's so beautiful and she's mine."

I pulled up Kristi's sweater revealing her perfect little breasts; she had lovely flesh colored tiny pointed nipples. I immediately cupped them in my hands, and tenderly squeezed them. As I rubbed my thumbs across her small nipples making them puff up; Kristi closed her eyes, and started rolling her head from side to side breathing heavily through her slightly opened mouth.

I bent over her and began licking around her small flesh colored areola and licked across her small harden nipple first on breast then I did the same to her other tit. 

She gasped and jerked her hips as I nipped the hard tip of her nipple between my teeth. I flicked across it with the pointed end of my tongue. 

She instinctively spread her legs and started pumping her hips as I sucked on her nipple. While I tenderly pinched and twisted the hard tip of her other little tit. 

Kristi was breathing heavily through her mouth as I put my hand under her skirt and slid my fingers under the waist band of her panties. She looked up at me, closed her legs, lifted her hips, as I pulled them down her long lovely legs, and dropped them on the bed.

Kristi shuttered as I ran my hand up the inside of her of smooth thigh, when she felt my hand cover her delicate wet little box, her thighs began to quiver, and she moaned," That feels sooo good." 

I sucked her lower lip into my mouth licked it back an fourth; she moaned softly and began to tremble with desire, as I pushed my middle finger into her soft tight little hole. 

She yanked down my under shorts, looked at my cock and said in a soft voice," Oh God, I want you so bad, but it's so big, please don't hurt me, be gentle with me."

She opened her legs wider as I crawled over and kneeled between her knees. I stared at her sweet little wet box, She was shaved, but she left a ring of hair around her puffy wet pussy, the meaty lips of her little pink clam were slightly parted exposing her tight; moist hole.

GOD I though to myself I'm finally seeing her camel toe, after fantasizing about it for so long. I couldn't resist. I had to go down her. I leaned forward, and licked around the outside of her pussy, and then lapped up the all salty juices that were flowing out of her slit. I licked her from back to front. 

I spread her lips open with my thumbs. I licked through her sweet crease, and darted my tongue in and out of her opening. She jerked herself up against my face as I fucked her with tongue.

She shuttered, and moaned, "Oh God, what are you doing to me! I've never been oooh. Oh God. Please don't stop, it feels sooo good."

I licked and tongue fucked her. I ran the tip of my finger around her anus. When my tongue touched her little pink pearl she gasped, wrapped her legs tightly around head whispering, "That feels so good, don't stop, and get your finger out of my ass!" 

She gripped the bed covers as I started licking around her pearl first up and down then back and forth it crossed it. It didn't very long, until she clamped her thighs tightly around my head and exploded in orgasm: drenching my face with her warm fluid. 

Her body shuck uncontrollably, as she tried to regain her breath, she begged, "Put it in me, please put it in me. I want you in me. I need it. I need you in me." 

I placed the head against her tiny opening, kissed her gently on the forehead and looked into her dreamy eyes.

She looked back into my eyes, nodded her head up and down, as if to say, Yes. She held her breath, bit her lower lip, and gripped the bed covers. Kristi spread her legs wider, lifted her hips, as I eased the head into her. 

Kristi's eyes rolled back in ecstasy, softly saying," Oh God it feels so good, but go slow, it's so big."

As I gently, started slowly pushing my hard cock into her; she was so tight, it felt like I really was breaking in a virgin.

As she felt me pushing into her, she wrapped her arms around my shoulders, breathing hard through her partially open mouth and whispered," Honey I love you, and I'm all yours."

I kissed her softly on the lips, looked into her big beautiful dreamy blue eyes and very quietly whispered," I love you too." 

I don't know where the hell that came from, and I hoped she hadn't heard it, but I think, I meant it. 

When I got all the way in her, I didn't move. I wanted to let her get used me being in her.

Kristi was hanging on to me, panting in my ear. I pulled partially out of her and gently pushed back into her. As I pulled out she exhaled and as I pushed back into her, she sucked in her breath and held it.

I tenderly made love to her, as I rode her, she started lifting her hips, as I pushed into her, and she'd let them drop as I pulled part way back out. We found our own slow gentle rhythm.

Kristi was panting and mumbling in my ear. Oh Baby, that feels so good, Oh God. Don't stop. Please don't stop, keep making love to me, I want you to, Oh Honey, I'm cumin, Oh Baby, I'm cumin with you in me."

She wrapped her legs around my hips, jerking her hips wildly up and down, as waves of excitement and pleasure shoot through her body. She pleaded," Don't pull it out. I want to feel you cum in me. It feels so good don't ever stop."

As her pussy muscles clamped around my cock, I stiffened and exploded shooting gobs of warm sticky cum deep inside her. I collapsed on top of her panting, and kissed her cheek and said, "I've wanted you, for so long." 

She said and asked, "That was incredible. I've never cum that good before. Was it good for you?"

I answered, and asked, "You were awesome. Did I hurt you?" It hurt a little at first, but then you just felt so good, I didn't care about anything else."She said,

As I rolled over on my back, I pulled Kristi over on top of me, without letting my cock slip out of her.

Kristi sat up on my shrinking dick, looked at me with her big blue eyes. While our mixed love juices were seeping out of her tight little love hole onto my groin. She asked in a soft voice, "Do you really love me too, and want me?"

Oh Shit, I though, she heard me," Without realizing it I answered," I do love you and I want you to be my girl." I didn't know what else to say! She makes me feel a high school kid!

The next day at work, Kristi was dressed as usual, in her light gray sweat pants and a black tee shirt with her sneakers on. 

But she wasn't being her usual ball breaking, cock teasing self! 

She was acting strange! All sweet, mushy, she'd cuddle up to me every chance she got, when nobody was looking.

I felt so good that I was on cloud nine all day. 

I was also getting a little smug thinking to myself," I'm the guy with the golden dick. I made love to her once and I transformed Kristi into this sweet; cuddly, little love bug." 

After work Kristi was sitting at her desk waiting for me, it was already agreed upon that I was going to her house, for dinner. 

I kissed on the cheek and asked," Kristi, what my little girl want to do tonight?" I guess I was a little sickening, but I've never been this love struck before.

She looked at me, with her big dark blue eyes, with this; sweet, innocent, little girl expression on her face. She had her hands nicely folded on her lap. She batted her eye lashes at me and said," 

I want you to lick my cunt, while I suck your cock, then I want you to stick your big, fat hard cock in me. I want you to shove it all the FUCKING way in me and FUCK the shit out of me with it, that's what your sweet little girl wants to do tonight."

I didn't expect this; my eye got big, my mouth fell open. Then I realized; she had been setting me all day.

Kristi cracked up; she was bending over almost falling out of her chair roaring with laughter, she was laughing so hard her eyes were watering. Her eye makeup was smeared, she looked up and said, "You're so sweet, but, OH GOD the look on your face is priceless, if I don't stop laughing I'm going to pee my pants"

I grabbed her kissed her on the forehead and started tickling her, she wiggled and squirmed tying to get away from me, but I kept tickling her. She begged, "Please stop. I'm going to pee my pants."

I ignored her and kept tickling her. She was shocked and gasped, "Oh shit, I'm pissing in my pants you, bastard you made me pee my pants." I looked at the crotch of wet gray sweat pants, and laughed, she was soaked from her crotch haft way down her thighs.

She called me an asshole, a nut, and a ball breaker. Then she said," You don't freaking listen to me, do you? But I love you anyway" 

I laughed and said,"I love you too." As I kissed her soft full lips. 

Then we both started laughing.

Oh GOD 

I thought to myself.

I got Kristi,

and

a great job.

What more could I possible want?

Life is good

"The End."