 There wasn't much she could do. The computer just froze and then died, without as much as a warning. She watched with the horror her screen going dark and in the sudden silence she heard her boss's voice right behind her back.

"Oh shit."

She almost burst into tears. Her first week in this major high security government office, the precarious little steps she took so carefully every day, and now this stupid disaster. Angrily, she dug her pointy fingernails into the keyboard.

"Don't worry, Lyn." Her boss leaned over to click the switch on the UPS. "We had a problem with this machine before. You did your backup last night, didn't you?"

"Backup?"

"They didn't tell you to back up your files every night? Didn't you have a computer training scheduled when you started?"

Lyn shook her head. "It was rescheduled for tomorrow."

Her boss drew a sharp breath. The gray tired eyes under the silver hair closed for a second.

"Tomorrow you'll learn all correct procedures. Don't worry now. The computer guy will show you all you need to know."

Lyn nodded, still a bit in shock. The computer crashed in the moment she was trying to open a file on the network, a file she had no business of opening. She was hoping now the computer guy would not able to track back her activity.

And everything went so well so far, she was thinking the next day on her way to work. Her Agency got her this job in no time. She passed the security check, her references were checked, her skills evaluated. The fact that she was recommended by one of the top government officials did not hurt either. The job was a routine database work, nothing to worry about, but she was aware that it would take a little time to gather the information she was after and to get to know the people. 

She looked at them as she entered the hall divided by partitions low enough to allow the air and light from huge windows dance through the space. People looked somehow pre-fabricated, almost all men in white shirts and subdued ties. Women, on the other hand, preferred bright primary colors for their shapeless suits and blouses, skirts covering the knees above medium heel pumps. Lyn sighed when she looked at her own slender legs under way too long skirt. Fortunately, it was narrow enough not to make her feel unbearably frumpy.

A young man was standing at her desk, frowning at a tiny computer in his hands. He looked up when she approached and Lyn was instantly intrigued by his dark shiny eyes behind the gold-rimmed glasses. His appearance was distinctly non-institutional. He was wearing a black t-shirt and looked like he did not shave for two days. 

"I'm Javier," he said as she shook his cold dry hand. He looked about eighteen when he smiled but his voice was serious and self-assured. 

He chatted with her a bit while sitting at her chair, a brand new computer already up and running. His English was excellent even with his accent, but curiously polite, almost old-fashioned. Not for a moment his eyes left the screen as he typed on the keyboard with a horrifying speed. 

"So how you like it here so far?"

Out of the habit she wrinkled her nose a little and shrugged.

"It's a job."

"Not too much fun, is it."

"More like the longest eight hours of the entire day."

This always worked. Nothing brings people close faster than mutual complaining, instant little bonding over discontent. People relax, tend to talk, feel you are on their side. But Javier did not say anything. She realized he came from outside, that he is not one of her coworkers, trapped and slowly crushed by the office routine.

"Now," he said. "Pull another chair here and I'll show you the backup procedures."

"Where are you from," she asked when she sat down next to him, so close she could detect a faint clean scent of his skin. For an instant second she wanted to rub her face against his sleeve and purr like a cat.

"Venezuela," he replied shortly and handed her a yellow pad. "You might want to take some notes."

The next half hour was rather hectic. She was used to concentrate absolutely, absorbing the most in the shortest period of time. This time, however, something was distracting her a bit, perhaps his physical closeness or his beautiful hands with slender fingers. It's been long time ago since she'd felt that way. Her Agency did not encourage its employees to indulge in unplanned personal relationships.

He looked up suddenly and caught her watching him. Lyn rose, smoothing her skirt on the hips, and felt his eyes sliding up and down her body. It was almost as if he was running his hands up and down her body. 

"What exactly were you doing when your computer crashed?" he asked casually. Lyn held her breath for a moment. It was enough for him to shoot another boyish smile right into her eyes.

"Curious young lady you are, aren't you." He already turned back to the screen, adding the last touches before her network connection was re-established.

"Here you go."

Lyn was still standing silently behind his chair when he got up to leave.

"I didn't get your last name, Javier," she said quietly. He was gathering his CDs and notes from her desk and did not reply.

"I'll be back," he said over his shoulder.

That evening she met with Bruce from the Agency. The management did not believe in technology - all essential matters were reported in person, sometimes split between two or three messengers. To become a messenger was one of the highest jobs at the Agency. No notes, no recording, never get caught. If that happened, there was just one way out.

"Met a guy today, MIS or something, does all the computer work. Javier form Venezuela." They were sitting in a dark bar, holding hands, kissing occasionally. She had never met Bruce before. He leaned over now and kissed her with his fingers buried in her blond hair, sticking a tip of his tongue to her mouth. She felt she was getting wet automatically, against her better judgment. It's been too long.

"We'll check on it," he whispered with a smile, nuzzling her neck. But when she looked in his face, his eyes were cold, wary, alert. She stole a glance at his crotch. No reaction there, from what she could tell. Nonetheless, her nipples hardened under the silk blouse and she was wondering if Bruce noticed.

She still felt warmth between her thighs when she finally got home. Slowly, she undressed in front of the mirror, thinking of Javier's eyes stroking her body. Her nipples, now almost painfully sensitive, hardened even more when she released them from her bra. Would he like the look of her? She drew a finger between her moist pussy lips and suddenly she could feel his hands following her own like an echo of her thoughts. This was no time for toys and games. She sat on the edge of the bed with legs slightly apart and closed her yes. Were those hers or his fingers stroking her clit, entering her, first gently and carefully, then in earnest, in fast, rhythmical motions? 

Her juices were flowing, thick and creamy, and she could not resist bringing a drenched finger to her mouth and lick off that slick fragrant moisture before sticking it back deep inside her pussy, then another one, then yet another. She spread her legs wider to let him watch her, and just the touch of the cool air on her hot swollen clit made her come in an explosive, shattering climax, with all her body arched towards her invisible lover. She saw his face as she bit her lips not to cry out his name, she saw his eyes watching her with a hungry smile, she felt his hands on her breasts and she collapsed, exhausted and covered with sweat, on her empty bed. 

"That guy you mentioned..." Bruce was leaning against her car on the parking lot. It was the next day, after five, and not dark enough. Her coworkers, passing by, had a chance to appraise Bruce's expensive coat and dark suit. He was holding her close and whispered into her hair with perfectly unnatural smile.

"All his info's perfect. Way too perfect. The old and new ID picture scan isn't a perfect match, though. Agency advises you to be extremely careful and proceed as fast as you can. Don't talk to him more than it's necessary. And try to get out of there soon."

Lyn nodded. She did not report her mishap from the previous day. It was her experience that both she and the Agency could function much better if they left each other alone. She did what was planned and what she was paid for. There was no safe wall behind her back, no one to call for help, no one to trust. 

It was really just pure luck that at the end of the week she was asked to take over the duties of someone who left for vacation. At that point, she already knew where to look for what she needed to find. She congratulated herself on listening to Javier's explanation of security measures - it was much easier now to find her way around the network without getting into trouble. In addition, she had a chance to look through some papers her absent coworker left behind. By Wednesday of the following week, her mission was nearly accomplished.

She was just putting some finishing touches to one of her personal files, well shielded from others employees by her corner partition. She was so absorbed into her work she almost jumped up when a voice over her head said, "Working hard?"

Javier was looking down at her with his mischievous smile. 

"I need to update the antivirus. Have a minute?"

She smiled back while her fingers flew over the keyboard to switch the screen and save her file before he had a chance to see what she was doing. Oh no, not enough time, too dangerous with him about to walk over to her desk.

"Since you're here," she said playfully, without taking her eyes off his face. "Would you be a darling a get me a coffee? I'm sure I'd collapse if I tried to get up."

It wasn't the best line in the world but it worked. He disappeared for the moment she needed to put her files away, slip the CD in her purse, and erase all tracks of her activity. She had trained herself to do that couple of times a day, just in case. And now, her work was done.

When he returned carrying two steaming paper cups, she was frowning at some peculiar entry in her database. His warm breath brushed her forehead when he leaned over her to tilt the monitor up. She tensed up as her body responded to his mere presence with hot wetness she couldn't control. And by the look in his eyes, just a few inches from her face, she suddenly knew he could sense that.

"It's really cold here today," he said. "My hands are frozen."

He placed one of his hands over hers and without thinking, Lyn put her other hand over his, squeezing it gently. The insides of her thighs tingled.

She got up to let him to take her place in front of the computer and was standing close, so close her right thigh was almost touching his elbow, while her heart was racing in her chest and her mind was swirling in a chaotic whirlpool of red lights and images. She was seriously scared. Not by the boy in the black t-shirt, whoever he really was, but by her own reactions, by the hunger taking over her mind and forcing her to abandon the usual caution. On the other hand, she thought quickly, the more she distracts him the higher the chance he wouldn't pay too much attention to what she was doing on the network.

She watched the graceful curve of his neck as he was bending over the keyboard. His long, slender fingers were stroking the keys on the keyboard suggestively, with slow deliberate movements. She could feel those fingers caressing her and was overcome by a sudden desire to touch him, to feel his warm firm body against hers, to kiss and taste him. He looked at her suddenly and she turned red under his gaze. His left hand abandoned the keyboard and gently touched the inside of her calf, slowly moving up between her thighs, still so lightly she might have thought it was just her imagination. But she saw the reflection of her feeling in an aggressive bulge in his crotch. With his right hand, he began typing.

"K-i-s-s m-e."

"You're crazy," she whispered, the softest whisper she could manage. He quickly shook his head,.

"N-o-t a w-o-r-d."

He paused, waiting. The he turned his face to her. There was no smile this time, just urgency and hunger.

Lyn bent down, her dark gold hair falling on his face, and quickly touched his lips with hers. He smiled as she straightened up. Lyn realized he was aware of the fact her desk was partially in a blind angle of the security cameras. It took some careful planning.

They parted almost without a word. Just for a split second, as he was leaving, their eyes locked and flashed a message between their bodies, like a sudden lighting splitting open serene night sky.

Lyn was a bit late leaving that evening and the underground parking was less crowded than usual. She got into her car and was about to start the engine but something was covering a keyhole on her steering wheel. Only then she noticed a small object stuck to the keyhole with a tiny piece of adhesive paste. She removed it carefully. It was a thin strip of paper, rolled tightly. "Go to the corner of 125 st and 9 ave and follow white passat - j."

For a minute or two, she was just sitting there with her hands on the wheel. There was no meeting with Bruce scheduled for today. Still, she knew the Agency occasionally keeps an eye on its employees in the course of the mission, just to be sure. Then again, perhaps that was just one of the whispered rumors the management was spreading deliberately.

She turned off the light, took out a tiny screwdriver and using just tips of her fingers, opened a secret compartment in the floor. From there she removed a small flat pistol, her old Smith & Wesson .22 with no serial number she used at the shooting range when her hands got too tired, and slipped it into her purse. On its place she put the CD with today's work, quickly replaced the lid held by two screws, and started the engine just when the group of people from her office was approaching her car. She waved at them casually and drove away faster than usual. On the nearest intersection, she managed to wriggle out of her panties and stuff them in her purse..

No one was following her, from what she could tell. Right before she turned into the underground garage in her building, she called for a cab from her cell phone. She left her car on the assigned usual parking space and ran quickly to the back exit from her garage where the cab was already waiting.

"The corner of 125the Street and 9th Avenue," she said breathlessly to the cabdriver. Even in the evening traffic, it didn't take more than five minutes.

She gave the cabdriver a generous tip and stood on the sidewalk until the cab disappeared on 125th street. Then, slowly and not looking around, she began crossing the intersection, in the bright neon lights. As it always happened after dark in that city, the pedestrians suddenly disappeared, leaving streets a prey to cars and criminals.

Lyn more felt than heard a car emerging from the dark public alley and following her with menacing slowness. It stopped at the sidewalk she just reached. The door of the white Passat opened and she slipped inside just as it took off again, before she even closed the door.

Javier turned to her and kissed her quickly on the mouth. Lyn's heart was pounding.

"You didn't feel like driving?"

He probably didn't expect her to answer. His right hand was stroking her thigh, touching her with knowledgeable tenderness as if they were old lovers with the intimacy not requiring preliminary talk. She opened her legs a bit and his hand slipped right inside, discovering in the process that she was wearing stockings and no panties. He smiled, like a little boy who just discovered a toy train under the Christmas tree.

"I want you very much," he said so quietly she barely heard him. His hand was now exploring her cunt, wet and almost painfully tender. She moved forward a little and he slid a finger inside her. She bit her lip as the sensation flew over her entire body, stirring her desire nearly to a climax. The car turned to the highway.

Lyn watched the cars passing by, wondering what the drivers think about her hiked up skirt and the hand stroking her with small, expert movements. She tried to regain some self-control.

"Watch out for the trucks," she mumbled. "I bet they can see us."

Javier laughed. 

"They are probably accustomed to that."

It occurred to her that he was so young he still remembers his time in the high school, quick and fumbling embraces in parents' car, wet and sweet and emotional. Suddenly, she felt happy. With the lights passing them left and right, a soft music and his boyish profile in the darkness, they could be a regular couple on the date, a man and a woman, coming home from the movies, completing a date, with tomorrow on the horizon.

He drove with ease and confidence she could feel in her entire body carried forward in exhilarating speed.

"Lyn?" he said with his hand still between her thighs. "Is it your name?"

She did not answer. In the happiness she felt she did not want to hear her own voice saying a lie. He lifted his hand from her lap and let her suck on his fingers moist with her sweet and tangy juices.

She unbuckled first her seat belt, then his. Then she turned sideways to unzip his pants. He moaned softly as she pulled out his penis through the opening. Beautiful, she thought. Lovely. She leaned over and took it in her mouth, encircling the head with her tongue and sliding down, as deep as she could, until she felt him deep in her throat. As she pulled back she glanced at the speedometer - the car was going nearly eighty miles per hour. Again, she let him slide all the way down to her throat, yielding to the gentle pressure of his hand on her head. He tasted so good. She could feel his cock growing bigger and harder in her mouth as she was sliding back and forth hardly catching her breath while the car was flying forward trough the darkness to their unknown destination. Suddenly, his fingers pulled her hair up, making her head rise.

"You must stop now," he said through the clenched teeth. The knuckles of his hand on the steering wheel whitened with tension. He kissed her roughly on the mouth and pulled the zipper of his jeans back up, not without difficulties. They turned into exit and dived back among the lights of the city. Lyn quickly read the names of the streets, placing them mentally on the map embedded in her mind with the smallest detail. She noticed a narrow gap right next to the gate he was opening with the remote control, and her mind automatically registered the building number and a sign on the nearest intersection. The entered one of those nondescript apartment complexes she herself had inhabited so many times.

"Your place?" she asked as he was turning a key in two security locks. Javier nodded. He took her in his arms in the elevator and kissed her all the way up to the fourth floor. She was growing dizzy by the time they got to his apartment.

It was dark and quiet inside. Lyn kicked off her shoes as he was half leading, half carrying her to the bedroom. Posters on the walls, a bike in the corner, a large surfboard hanging on the door. But there was nothing fumbling or adolescent about his swift, confident hands taking off her blouse, her skirt, her bra. Lyn helped him out of his jeans and t-shirt, caressing his strong and slender body with both palms. She knelt in front of him, naked but for her lace-top stockings, and took his cock in her mouth again, holding him closer and relaxing muscles in her throat to take him as deep as she could. With the size of his cock it was impossible for her to go as far as she would have liked. She could hardly wait to feel him inside of her cunt that by now was dripping with creamy juices.

"You're so wet," he whispered as he lifted her up and laid her on the waterbed. He began kissing her from the mouth down, pausing as he sucked on each of her nipples. His hands cupped her breasts as he was continuing downwards and Lyn's body began to shake uncontrollably when his mouth reached her pussy. His fingers started exploring her cunt inch by inch, parting her lips with the help of his tongue and sliding easily inside through the thick moisture. Her body arched towards him, towards his mouth, his hands, his hot breath, and everything went dark for a moment. Fuck me, she wanted to scream, fuck me now, but could not remember the language she was supposed to use, so she just buried her fingers in his hair and let herself lose any conscious thought in the orgasm so powerful she felt her heart stopping for a moment. He looked up as her cunt was still pulsating around his fingers and entered her, ramming the full length of his unbelievable cock inside her. She sank her teeth into his shoulder, her body penetrated by the rhythm of their movements, and felt another fire building up inside her, somewhere deep inside of that wet darkness where he was touching her like no one before. Soft moans were escaping her lips, filling the room that was swirling before her eyes. She wrapped her legs around him, feeling with each stroke his cock deeper and deeper inside her and wanting him even deeper, even closer, never to stop, ever.
