 There is this guy that lives across the street from me, and he has lived there for a few years. I've constantly had my eye on him, he's just so sexy. Before, I couldn't do anything about it, but now that I'm single, it's game on. I didn't really know how to go about it, all I knew was that I wanted to sleep with him - badly. And at this point, it's been about 3 months since I've had sex. So I'm pretty desperate, or getting there!

I was outside on my front steps when I seen him come out. I watched inconspicuously, admiring from afar. He is about 6' tall, athletic body, and the few times I'd seen his face up close, I was looking at amazing features. Light brown hair, but the most gorgeous brown eyes - it would be very easy to get lost in them. I sat there, wondering how I was going to do this, when his dog came running up to me. 

"Sasha!" He yelled, "get back here!" 

My question was answered. "Awe, come here Sasha," I said as the dog came closer. I hooked on to her collar as I pet her waiting for him to come over to us to retrieve his dog. The sixty seconds that it took seemed like a life time. But he came.

"Hey, sorry about that, she usually doesn't take off like that," he said.

"No problem, I love dogs. She was probably attracted to mine," I said.

"Yea, she likes you though, she is usually very picky about who she lets pet her," he smiled. "I'm Andy," he extended a hand.

I met the gesture with mine, and shook it, "Serena," I said with a innocently seductive smile.

"You seem bored, I was about to take her to the dog park, did you want to join us? I'm sure Sasha would really appreciate that," Andy asked me.

I could hardly contain my excitement, but managed to. I hesitated ever so slightly, as not to seem ecstatic. "Sure, sounds good. My dog could use some time out too, do you mind?"

"No, not at all, what's his name?" he asked.

"Damon," I answered, "just give me a second." I stood up and went inside to get my dog ready for the park. But first, I double checked my hair and made sure my boobs were perfectly perky. 'If things go right, I'll be getting laid tonight,' I thought. Back outside, I closed and locked my door behind me, and with my dog in hand, we walked across the street and piled into his truck. 

"So, you've just moved back here? I haven't seen you around in a while," he said.

"Yea, I moved for school, but my boyfriend and I split up, so I figured it be easier for everyone to just move back home," I explained.

"Oh, I'm sorry," he said, but not with sympathy, with excitement. Not a lot, but enough to detect.

"Don't be, I broke up with him. He was an ass anyways," I said. "What about you, if you don't mind my asking, on the topic of relationships. Single or taken?" 

He chuckled, "I'm single, have been for a little bit. I'm not really looking for a relationship either, to be honest. I don't think I'm ready for commitment, I still just want to have fun," he said with a smile.

"I understand, I'm at that stage too again. Nothing wrong with it," I said. We pulled into the dog park. The rest of the afternoon was conversation about life, our dogs, relationships, food, music and movies. It was nice actually, but I was still aching for sex. If I could have, I would have done it up against a tree in that park. But I wasn't going to risk public indecency for something I knew I was close to getting in a few hours.

We returned to his place, and I got my dog out of the back seat. As I began walking back across the street to my house, he called to me.

"So, if you're not busy tonight, maybe come over, have a beer and some pizza, hang out and watch a movie or something?" he asked.

"Sure, sounds good. I'll be over in a few hours?" I asked with a smile.

"See ya then," he said as he turned around and walked into his house.

The next few hours were torturous. I spent them doing little chores, and trying on sexy outfits. I didn't want to seem too desperate, so I opted for a simple tank top and some shorts. But I made sure I was wearing fresh underwear. A sexy thong with a matching bra was suitable. I checked in the mirror, adjusting my bra to make sure my boobs were nice and perky, fixed my hair, and spritz a little bit of body spray over me. I looked like I was going out with friends to hang out, nothing fancy, as too not look too desperate or anything, but still, I was sexy enough to get the mood going, and it was all very easy to take off. It was time. I walked across the street and knocked on the door. 

"Hey!" he said with a smile, as he opened the door, beer in hand, "I was wondering when you would show, starting to think you got lost."

I laughed as I walked in the door, "Nope, I just wanted to keep you waiting," I said with a seductive smile, "beer in the fridge?" 

"Yea, help yourself, pizza should be here soon too," he said. I walked into the kitchen to grab myself a beer, and then walked into the living room to find him sitting on the couch in the typical male pose. I sat on the opposite end of the couch, and crossed my legs. "So, I have a few movies tonight, they are right there if you want to look through them. Personally, I'm in the mood for something scary."

I laughed, "I'm sure you are. Do you get scared easily?" I said, looking through the movies. I picked out the scary one, because it was something I did want to see. I got up to go put it in.

"Nah, do you?" he said.

"Yea, I do actually," I said with a giggle, "but I'm okay as long as I have someone to grab onto." I looked back at him. I bent down to put the movie in, and gave him a nice view of my ass. I smiled, and hoped that it did the trick. I stood back up, and walked back to the couch as the doorbell rang.

"That should be the pizza, I'll get it," he said, getting up. I nodded at him, as he walked past. I noticed that as he did, he glanced down my shirt. I felt exhilarated. A few moments later, he walked back in. "Alright, lets get this party started." he exclaimed setting the pizza down on the table, "I just got pepperoni, wasn't sure what you liked, and you can never go wrong with pepperoni."

I smiled, "pepperoni is great!" He sat down, we each grabbed a slice, and started the movie. I noticed that he sat closer to me though, and I couldn't help but feel so horny. 'Patience,' I thought to myself.

All through the movie, we stole glances at each other, and the scarier it got, the closer I got to him. I was literally hanging off him by the end, "Well, you do get scared easily," Andy said chuckling.

"I warned you," I said, "now I'm going to have nightmares, that was fucked!" I said.

"Nah, I won't let you," he said.

I sat up, and looked at him. He had a devilish look on his face, and the look in his eyes told me he was ready to devour me, "what do you mean?" I asked shy and innocently.

He smiled, his head came down to mine, and his lips met me in a forceful kiss, which I returned. He pulled me on top of his lap, as I pulled off his shirt. I took a second to admire him shirtless, and smiled before I leaned down to continue kissing him. He pulled of my shirt, revealing my bra and navel-pierced stomach. I could feel his cock rising in his pants as he admired my body. I reached behind me, unclasping my bra while watching his face. He anticipated the revealing of my 42DD boobs. His eyes never moved from my chest, as I pulled my bra off. His hands came up and caressed them, before he put his mouth on them. Sucking, nibbling, licking - my head went back in ecstasy. He kissed up my chest, up my neck until his lips found mine. 

Then he threw me on the couch, and was on top of me. Before I knew it, my pants were unzipped and thrown onto the floor. "I like girls that wear thongs," he said, as he lifted my legs up into the air, and pulled it off. I bit my lip as he moved his mouth up my legs, getting closer and closer to my dripping wet pussy. I moaned and squirmed as his climbed. Finally, he was at his prize; he stared at it for a few seconds, and smiled at me. Then, the flick of his tongue on the most sensitive part of my body made me moan so loud and my body quiver. He licked faster, sucking, nibbling. My juices flowed, my moans grew louder, and I thrashed in ecstasy. He knew how to eat pussy.

"Oh my god! Fuck, it feels so fucking good! Eat that pussy!" I yelled. It seems the louder I moaned, and the more a thrashed, the faster he went. Then suddenly, he lifted his head and moved it closer to mine. His lips were wet, and I could smell myself on my face.

"Taste yourself," Andy said. I smiled and with pure enjoyment, I kissed him, and licked every drop of my pussy from his face. "Do you like to taste yourself?"

"I do," I admitted, "I love it."

He smiled, and I felt his fingers trace down my cleavage, around my navel and finding their way to my pussy. He didn't play with my clit, or anything, he instantly shoved three fingers deep inside my pussy, never taking his eyes off mine. My back arched violently, and my thrashing become even more intense the faster and deeper his fingers went. "Yea, baby, you like those fingers fucking your pussy?"

"Oh yea, don't fucking stop!" I screamed. I'm sure the neighbours could hear me at this point, but I didn't care. It felt so fucking good. "Fuck that pussy, please, I want your cock!"

He pulled his fingers out of my pussy, and shoved them in my mouth. As I licked them clean, he unzipped his pants, and pulled down his pants and boxers, kicking them aside. His 8inch cock stared at me, intimidating. I admired it, still licking every drop of my pussy from his fingers. Without hesitation, I grabbed his cock, and shoved it to the back of my throat. His head went back, and his hands grabbed a fistful of my hair. "Yea baby, suck it. Suck it good, if you want it inside you. Get it nice and wet." 

I continued to gag on his cock. I couldn't complain though, no better feeling than a big cock in the back of my throat. I sucked, and licked, and stroked his cock, After about 10 minutes, he stood me up, and then he sat on the couch. I straddled him, and reached down to his cock, placing it against my pussy. Once the tip was in, I slowly sat on it, taking in all 8 inches of it."Oh fuck!" I yelled. I had just reached the base when he started fucking me so hard and fast that I couldn't contain the orgasm. Within seconds, I was screaming at the top of my lungs in ecstasy. "Fuck, fuck, fuck FUCK YES!" I screamed, as he slowed, my pussy juices dripping down his cock. I caught my breath, and then slowly began to ride him. It felt so good inside my pussy. "Like that pussy?"

"Fuck yea," Andy said, pulling me into a kiss. I rode him, and then he pushed my down onto the couch, legs in air, him still inside me, and proceeded to pound my pussy like I've never felt before. The whole neighbourhood could probably hear my screams of ecstasy. "I'm going to cum," he said. He pulled out of me, and I got on my knees. I began to suck his cock again, and stroke, until his cum filled my mouth. I swallowed every drop.

He sat down, breathing heavily. I found a blanket and wrapped myself, sitting down beside him. "Holy shit," I said.

"Yea," he chuckled slightly, "I've been waiting for that for a while." 

"What do you mean?" I asked, "Please don't tell I'm one of your conquests?"

"No, not at all, Serena. I watch you, you know. You do a lot for your family, and I admire you. And it comes with perks for me too. Watching you mowing the lawn in just a bra and shorts, so fucking sexy. And the other night, you were all dolled up going somewhere, the only thing I wanted to do was drag you in this house and fuck your brains out. You are the sexiest girl alive for so many reasons."

I smiled, "how come you've never said anything?"

Andy shrugged. "Age difference I guess, I know I'm quite a bit older than you. You're what, 24. I'm 31."

"Well, what are you looking for?" I asked, "Sex or a relationship? No one needs to know we are sleeping together if that all we are going to do. No strings attached type thing. But if you feel something for me, which by the way you kissed me kind of tells me you might, of course we will be under scrutiny, but if it's worth it-" I paused.

"Is that what you want to do, because I really don't know how I feel. Maybe we should just talk?" 

I couldn't help it, but a giggle escaped me. "I don't mean to laugh, but after sex like that, you want to talk? Don't you think that's a little backwards?"

"Whatever, I can actually think now though, now that I'm not sexually frustrated," he laughed, "What do you say?"