 As I walked up the steps to Marc and Tandi's house, I couldn't help but think about how much had changed in just one day. Yesterday morning I was Shane, Marc's best friend and neighbor of nearly 10 years. Today I was Shane, the guy that had spent last night fucking Marc's 18 year old daughter, Brandee, who, up until recently, I'd always thought of like a niece. They were like part of my family. Thank Good Marc or Tandi weren't aware of any of this, or my wife of 20 years, Tanya.

I was trying not to over think things, too much had happened in such a short time. I've never cheated on my wife before, never felt the need to. We've always had a good relationship, and I was still attracted to my pretty blonde wife who, even in her 40's was very eye catching. But over the last few months there'd been a distance between us. We rarely saw one another, Tanya was always so busy with work, and it'd been several months since we'd had any kind of sexual contact. The space between us had left me frustrated and bored. My sudden lust for Brandee a few months prior had taken me by surprise, although at the time it was nothing more than a harmless fantasy. However yesterday, quite unexpectedly, my fantasy came to life as my beautiful Brandee and I had spent a strange but very passionate afternoon and evening together.

Just thinking of our prior dalliances left me feeling hot and horny. Her pussy was amazing; warm and sweet like honey. She was always so unbelievably wet too. I had a perfect mental image of her cum dripping down my fingers, squirting her passionate orgasm into my mouth as I went down on her, the way it clung to my cock as I frantically fucked her over and over again...Jesus. 

I slowed my pace and waited to catch my breath. I needed to clear my mind before I went in to talk to Marc. 

Brandee had text me earlier in the day, saying she needed to speak to me. Something about Tanya. I was confused, as she said it wasn't something she wanted to talk about on the phone. She was grounded, however, as she'd missed her curfew, on account of our intense fuck session last night. She was 18, but still only in her senior year of high school, and still a ways off from not living under her parents roof. I told her I'd take care of it, and that's exactly what I needed to do.

I knocked on the door, while letting myself in. It was strange, actually. Although we were good friends, Marc too had been pretty preoccupied lately. It'd been awhile since I'd seen him. It was a good enough excuse to stop by, anyway.

"Hello!" I hollered, listening for the sound of where he might be.

"Hey!" Marc said, sticking his head out from his den. "Come on in!" He grinned, and waved me back.

"How you been?" he asked, as I sat down on one of the comfy couches.

"Good!" I said, giving him a friendly smile. "I haven't seen you in awhile man. Just wanted to see what you were up to."

He blushed a little, which I noticed, and thought was strange. 

"Yeah, I'm sorry about that." he replied sheepishly. He continued to look at the ground, seeming embarrassed. "Works just been crazy, ya know? Plus Brandee, she's growing up. I've been trying to get her to settle on a college, and we've gone round and round on it. That girl," he said, the frustration in his voice obvious. "she makes me crazy sometimes."

I tried to keep a straight face, hoping he didn't notice the flush in my own cheeks.

"Who, Brandee?" I said, laughing out loud a bit. "She's a good kid Marc. I can't imagine her getting into too much trouble." 

"Well, she missed her curfew last night." He said, annoyed. "Came up with some crap about staying the night at a friends house, then tried sneaking into the house at dawn." He shook his head, irritated. "I think she was out with a boy all night."

"What did she say when you asked her?" I asked, my curiosity getting the better of me. 

"She was mad." he said, laughing a little. "She's usually so calm, but I could see how defensive she was. It was kind of funny to see her get so worked up, honestly. She and I don't usually argue." He looked down, looking a bit sad.

I felt my guilt stab me in the heart. I didn't have any kids, so I really couldn't imagine. But I suddenly felt very ashamed of what I'd done with Brandee. What I'd done to this whole family, honestly. They were my friends; hell, they were my family. I knew then that, despite my overwhelming feelings for the dark haired beauty, I'd have to put a stop to it. I couldn't do this to him, this man who loved his little girl. Nothing good would come of it.

I sighed, my heart thumping knowing that last night was our last.

"Eh, I wouldn't over think it Marc. Brandee is a pretty good girl. She always has been. Besides, we were 18 once," I teased, giving him a wink. "I'm sure, whatever it was, was perfectly innocent." I said, covering for her.

"Maybe you're right." He replied, thoughtfully. "I was probably too hard on her. It's just hard, ya know?" He said, looking up at me. "She's my only daughter. She's beautiful, she's smart...it's scary to think of her out in the world, dating some loser asshole who won't ever be good enough for her."

I swallowed hard, my guilt building up again. "Well," I said, as I stood up. "I gotta get going, just wanted to make sure you were alive." 

"Yeah man, I'm glad you stopped by." He stood, giving me a hard pat on the back. He looked up the stairs. "She's probably calmed down by now, I guess I'll go have a talk with her." He grinned, shaking his head.

I walked back to the house and went back down stairs into the guest suite, where Brandee and I had spent the night together. I pulled the sheets off the bed, all stained with cum and smelling of sex and sweat, and went and shoved them into the washing machine. I couldn't risk Tanya seeing the obvious mess.

Speaking of Tanya...I hadn't talked to or seen my wife all day. I flipped my phone out of my shorts and dialed her number.

"Hello?" She answered, somewhat breathlessly.

"Hey honey. I just wanted to touch base. Haven't talked to you all day." I waiting, bouncing my leg against the washer.

"Oh, I'm sorry dear," still sounding out of breath. "I went to the office for a bit, and then came to workout." she explained, her breathing ragged over the phone.

"Ok. Just thought I'd say hey." I said, feeling somewhat awkward.

"Um, while I have you on the line," she said quickly, her words rushing somewhat oddly "I hope you don't mind, but I'm going to be out of town for the next couple of days." She sat quietly on the other end, waiting for my response.

"Had she mentioned this before, and I just forgot?" I thought, frantically racking my brain for any memory of it.

"Suuuuure..." I said slowly, waiting for an explanation. "Like a work thing?" I asked.

"Well, yeah, sort of. It was very last minute. I have to meet some potential clients, and since I don't want to catch whatever you're sick with anyways, it seemed like a good time to be gone..."

I tried not to laugh at my germaphobic wife, who I'd convinced yesterday that the reason I was so flushed and feverish was because I was "sick", when in actuality it was because she'd almost walked in on Brandee and I naked in the pool house together.

"No, that's fine, it's probably for the best." I said in agreement.

"Ok, well listen I'm just going to head to the airport from here (weird, I thought) but I love you and I'll text you later. Bye." 

I looked down, as the phone clicked silent. Well, if I was still going to be fucking Brandee, this would have been perfect. Instead I just felt frustrated and kinda annoyed. 

I walked up the stairs to my master bedroom, and flopped onto the very massive and now very empty bed. As I flipped through the channels, I remembered something I had tucked into my pocket earlier.

I pulled out what was left of the black satin thong I'd ripped off Brandee's full luscious ass the night before. I put it to my nose, inhaling deeply. It still smelled so fragrant of her tantalizing pussy. My cock twitched in my shorts as I rubbed the panties all over my face, breathing it all in. Right on cue, my phone buzzed in my pocket.

"Brandee." I sighed out loud.

"Hey" she'd text. "Is it safe to come over? I'm ungrounded, lol."

"Sure." I text back. "Upstairs."

"K." she text. "brt."

I waited patiently, torn by my excitement to get to see her again so soon, and the anxiety of knowing I had to break this off. 

I heard her footsteps bounding up the stairs, and moments later her beautiful face appeared in the doorway.

"Hey!" she said, her perfect white teeth breaking into a smile under her full berry lips. Her pale blue eyes were lit up with excitement.

"Where's Tanya?" she asked, hesitantly from the doorway.

"She's gone for a couple of days." I said, my heart thudding in my chest as I looked at her. She was so beautiful. Everything thing about her turned me on ferociously. Her tan skin, her long dark hair, her long legs and curvy hips. She had the most perfect round ass and large perky tits. 

"Really??" she asked excitedly. Before I could protest, she ran and jumped on the bed, scooting into my lap. She threw her arms around my neck as her legs straddled either side of me, and planted a deep wet kiss onto my mouth.

All my guilt fell away as I felt my arms reach around and grab her firm ass, pulling her closer to me.

"Mmmm..." she said, as I slid my tongue past her lips. Her mouth tasted so good, so sweet. Almost as sweet as her pussy.

My dick was getting hard just thinking about it. Fuck. This was so wrong. Why did it have to feel so fucking good?

She leaned back, staring up at me with her bright excited eyes.

"Thank you, by the way." she said, as she softly kissed my mouth again.

"For what?" I asked, a little confused.

"For taking care of things. Just like you said you would." She smiled, exalted, looking at me like I was some kind of God. "After you talked to daddy, he came upstairs and ungrounded me. I don't know what you said, but I wasn't expecting that."

I smiled at her, enjoying her appreciation. "It was nothing." I said, trying to feign an unabashed grin. We laughed together. 

"So, what was it that you wanted to talk about?" I reminded her.

She suddenly got very serious and nervous looking.

"Um, well, its about Tanya." she said, as she looked at me apprehensively. 

"Yeah, you said that." I said, my curiosity peaking.

"Well," she said, scooting back slightly. "Remember how she said last night that she was going to an office thing?" she asked, looking confused.

"Yes..." I said.

"Well, I think she lied to you." She said, looking at me expectantly.

"Why do you think that?" I asked, trying to remain calm.

"Well this morning I overheard my parents talking in the kitchen, and I heard my mom mention something about Tanya to my dad. But what my mom said was "Well, we should have just told Tanya when we saw her last night." So I walked in and asked my mom "where did y'all see Tanya at last night?" and she got all weird, like her face got really red, and she said "Oh at the grocery store." But I know someone has to be lying, right?" she asked me, looking for an explanation. "Either Tanya lied about the office thing, or my mom lied about seeing her at the grocery store." It doesn't make any sense though. Why would they be lying?"

I hopped up, my curiosity getting the better of me. I walked over to my desk, and flipped open my laptop. "What are you doing? She asked, walking up behind desk chair, putting her head on my shoulder and looking casually at the screen.

"I'm going to look at the bank transaction, see if she used her card at the store last night." I answered, calmed and focused.

She put her arms sound my shoulders, and kissed my cheek. "You're so smart." she said, grinning and kissing me again.

I could feel her full tits pressing up against me as she massaged my ear with her tongue, fully distracting me from my task. I laughed out loud, slapping her butt with my hand. "Gimme one sec." I asked, as I pulled up the card statements.

"Hmmmm..." I said, perplexed by what I saw. "What is it?" she asked.

"Well, there's nothing on here from the store, but there is a hotel room charge." I murmured, looking down the list. 

"That's weird," she said, looking over my shoulder. "I thought she came home last night. Why would she get a room?" 

"I dunno." I said, confused and suspicious.

Brandee dropped her hand down to my crotch, giving it a slight squeeze. I looked up at her, a little surprised by her boldness. She blushed, her hair spilling across her face.

"I want you Shane." she whispered hotly in my ear, as she continued to rub my burgeoning hard on through my shorts.

I tried desperately to think about something else, as I pulled her away from me.

"Listen Brandee, I need to tell you something," I said. As I stood, I grabbed her arms and eased her away from me, pushing her down onto the desk.

She looked at me, confused and expectant. 

I looked at her nervously. "Sweetie, I think we have to stop this. It's not because I want to, at ALL," I said, seeing the emotion building in her face. "but because it's going to end up getting someone we love hurt. Maybe lots of someone's. You understand, right?" I looked over, my heart blazing.

She was nodding slowly, staring at the floor. I saw the tears begin to splatter on her knees, as she lifted her hands to her face.

"Oh no, come on now." I said, full of emotion. "Don't cry. I know it's hard, but..." I broke off, desperation in my voice. I moved towards her, half expecting her to push me away. Instead she grabbed my shirt, pulling me towards her. She put her head into my stomach, and slowly lifted her bluest of blue eyes to me. 

"I don't want that either," she whispered, choking back. 

She kissed me on the cheek and walked out the door.

I couldn't do it. Everything inside of me yearned for her. I wanted all of her, physically, emotionally. I reached out before she could get all the way out, and grabbed her arm, spinning her back roughly. She whirled around, a look of shock on her face. Without a word I lifted her by her ass, my excitement causing me to squeeze her cheeks a little too rough. She squealed, and threw her legs around me, hitching herself up as high as she could.

We began to kiss, a brazen and lust filled kiss. I can't explain it; it's not just that I was just physically attracted to her. That was too easy, any man would be. There was an electricity when she was near me. I had never been turned on more by anything in my life. The deep lust I felt for her was all consuming; even right after fucking her I was already thinking about fucking her again. It was some primitive, animalistic need. The thought of not having her was much too painful to bear. I didn't want to think of the consequences anymore. I didn't care. If I was physically able I'd fuck her all day and all night. 

I threw her down on the bed, roughly. I reached down and ripped her shirt open, the buttons popping off and scattering across the room. She leaned back, looking shocked but excited by the sudden change. Her large tits heaved, her lacey bra looking strained by the weight of them. I reached over and tore it apart as well, the cups falling uselessly to either side.

I bent over her, sucking one dark pink nipple into my mouth, biting it roughly. I reached up and pinched the other one hard between my fingers.

She cried out at the sweet pain, a low moan escaping her throat. I continued to roughly pull on her tits, enjoying taking my frustrations out on them. To my surprise she seemed to be enjoying it as well, although I don't think I would have cared if she'd protested. The animal inside had needs, and I was going to feed him.

I yanked her shirt and bra off of her, when I remembered something I'd thought of yesterday. I gave her a wicked smile, and walked to the closet.

She still hadn't said a word to me since my sudden attack, just a few passionate moans and young, wide eyed curiosity. I knew deep down that I wanted to scare her; if I scared her enough then she wouldn't want this anymore, and we could end it. I wasn't going to hold back, I was going to fulfill every lustful desire I had, and then be ok when she left me and never came back.

I walked back to the bed, holding two silk ties in my hands. She didn't resist as I jerked her hands forward and secured then tightly with the first tie. I then lifted her hands over her head and laid her back, and used the other tie to secure her bound hands onto a carved out section of the bed frame. 

I looked down at her. Her bare tits jiggled lightly. I could see the red welps coming up where I'd bit and pinched them. She was watching me, wide eyed, still not making a sound. Her long dark hair was tangled around her face, causing the scene look even more chaotic.

I unzipped my pants and pulled them down, just enough for my cock to sway forward. It was already starting to swell and harden as I observed her half naked body tied up, ready to be at my mercy. I was still waiting for her to protest, but she didn't. She just laid there silently, waiting on my next move.

I began to run my cock head over her full pink lips, teasing it, enjoying my own pleasure. I popped her on the mouth with it, ready for her to open wide. She did, her tongue snaking out seductively. 

I rubbed the tip of my cock on her tongue, smearing the pre cum into it. She groaned, her eyes rolling back appreciatively. She obliged me, opening her mouth wider still as I inched my cock further into her hot mouth.

I began to fuck her mouth, my cock sliding in and out easily. I pushed my cock back into her mouth, thrilled as I felt the head hit the back of her throat. She began the gag, her eyes tearing up.

"Breath through your nose." I instructed sharply.

She tried to nod, but was over taken as I began to fuck her mouth harder, her saliva gushing out around the rigid mass in her mouth. 

I reached down and grabbed a fist full of hair, twisting my fingers into it tightly. I pulled out slightly, as she sucked in a deep gasp of air. I pulled her head towards my cock, using her hair like she was my puppet on a string.

I watched intently as my thick meat forced it's way in and out of her mouth, the saliva glistening off it, her lips bulging with every stroke, her arms pulled and tied up over her head, her huge tits bouncing as I fucked her mouth; it was all so fucking hot. She closed her eyes, and I reached down and lightly slapped her cheek. 

They flew open as I instructed her "Eyes up here. You look at me!"

She bobbled her head in response, as she stared up at me intently, tears running down her face. I began to move faster now, feeling the cum already starting to move around in my shaft.

"Oh yeah..." I said, picking up my pace as I hammered my cock in and out of her wet mouth. "I'm your daddy now Brandee!! I am! And daddy wants to squirt his load in your mouth!" I yelled, the vulgarity in my words matching the vulgarity of the situation.

She couldn't move, her eyes widened as my muscles began to stiffen. I could feel my orgasm rising to the surface, ready to explode.

"That's right baby, that's right.." I cooed, as I continued assaulting her mouth with my cock. "Daddy's gonna give you his jizz, daddy wants his cum in your mouth!! You be a good girl, and swallow it all up!"

"Uggghhhhh!!" I moaned deep from within, as my cum rocketed through my cock head, my dick pulsating furiously. My back arched as I continued to pump my cock into her mouth, my hands holding her head firmly in place. 

I had turned her had sideways to make it easier to swallow my load, but there was too much. I could feel her mouth suckling around my cock, trying to swallow the jizz that flowed down the side of her face. This gave me tiny aftershocks, little waves of euphoria washing over me as the cum finally abated.
