 I zipped my pants after giving Dr. Hall a well needed fuck. The receptionist took an early lunch for a thick load down her throat. "Well..." Dr. Hall said redressing, "That was certainly fantastic." I nodded as she showed the hospital website on her computer.

It showed my picture while I was shirtless and wearing boxers which obscenely showed off my print. Then several closeups were shown of my cock while flaccid and full length. 

There also were closeups of my balls after I had been vigorously jerked off by Candace two days before but I hadn't been allowed to cum. It looked like two grapefruits in my sack.

This got me many requests from the women who desperately wanted children but had inept husbands. Mom was perfectly fine with it. The women, often too ashamed to actually come, wanted me to come to their homes.

******

Theresa Gonzalez

I pulled up at my first customer's large mansion and instructed Candace to pick me up in about two hours. She pulled off after kissing me and saying, "Don't forget to save some cock for the rest of us." I rang the doorbell and after a short wait, a gorgeous young Latina in a flowered robe opened the door expectantly.

Her G-cup boobs sat up with a deep canyon of cleavage answered the door and pulled me inside. "So... Kyle?" She asked to confirm my identity and I nodded. She let out a sigh of relief and instantly removed her robe, exposing her soft masses fully.

"Can't just go digging in a kid's pants without making sure." She rubbed her huge tits and she moaned and gestured me over to the couch. She sat and pulled down my pants, gasping as my cock nearly hit her in the face. "Mmm... so meaty papi." She said as she licked my knob, "Much bigger than my husband's."

I massaged her dripping pussy as she took me into her hot wet mouth and we both moaned as she struggled to swallow my precum. She popped out breathing deeply. "Oh I'm gonna have some fun with this dick." She smiled and I leaned her back, rubbing my head on her soft folds, making her moan softly.

I pushed inside slowly gripping her boobs as she watched me intently. Smugly, I suddenly dropped all my weight down, shoving my entire cock into her. "Dios mio!!!!" She screamed as my cock hit her spot and I began thrusting violently as I held up her legs. 

She began bucking wildly on the couch as my cock slid effortlessly into her hot pussy. I reached a hand down and squeezed her bouncing boobs. She had a beautiful smile on her face as my sack slammed into her. We kissed furiously as I went harder, enjoying the feeling of my cock inside her.

"How the hell does your husband not get you pregnant?" I asked slamming harder, "I'd give anything to be in this pussy forever."

She moaned and laughed, "I should've married you then." She wrapped her smooth legs around my waist with her boobs smushed between us.

I continued to massage the beautiful natural orbs and pound my way into her womb as she cried louder and louder. Her pussy shuddered in the face of my attack as I pinched her swollen tits and we brought our lips hard together. 

"I'm cumming!" She cried as I pushed deeper. I spread her legs wider and fucked her through her hammering orgasm. I gripped the back of the couch and came hard inside of her, mixing our juices. I pulled out after I was finished cumming and she held her hand over her overflowing pussy, holding my seed in.

She gave me amazing blowjob using her tongue in ways I've never experienced since that day. "Oh fuck..." she said after I blew another load into her stomach. "When I'm ready to have my second, I will definitely have you back inside me. And maybe too if I just want some fun." 

After I left, Candace asked me how it went. "Awesome." I replied, "What's the next house?"

"You're ready again?" She asked amazed, "Alright, let's go then." She quickly made an illegal U-turn and we headed to the next appointment.

******

Skylar Alexander

An hour later, we were in Cleveland Park, one of the richest city districts. Coming to a large home, my next client stood in the back pacing quickly. I knocked on the house loud enough to make myself heard. Seeing me, she rushed inside and pulled me in.

She kissed me deeply and I rubbed her exposed hanging tits. Her profile had said she was in her fourties and had two children but her husband was now unable to produce more. "Such a beautiful little boy," Ms. Alexander commented as she pulled off my shirt, "I hope mine looks just like you."

I rubbed her legs as she pulled down my pants and gripped the center of my shaft. "Hmm..." She said licking it, "I take it I'm not your first appointment today." I smiled and shrugged before she took it all in her mouth. 

I groaned as I pushed it deeper into her mouth. I then began sucking on her tits before licking and sucking gently on her neck and rubbing my shaft on her pussy. I immediately forced it inside her as we kissed, madly groping each other. 

She groaned as I fucked her hard and began panting as her 36F boobs bounced rapidly as I slid brutally inside her. She screamed her head off as I fucked her savagely, my balls hitting hard with each thrust. She kissed me while I massaged and twisted her tits.

The fast rate at which she was cumming enabled me to fuck her harder and harder, pounding ruthlessly inside her. Her slick pussy was amazing, letting me easily fuck her hard. I cupped her firm full tits as my balls slapped her wetness. 

I slid deeper into her, my knob extended into her womb. The power I felt over the older woman felt so powerful, I roughly gripped her bouncing tits and pinched them hard, making her scream as I forced into her.

I soon was pumping directly against her cervix as we wrestled with our tongues. Her pussy soon flooded and her juices were surging around my cock. We fucked like animals as I held fast onto her hips and my head slammed into her womb with each powerful thrust.

Her eyes rolled back as she screamed and came violently squirting a gallon of cum onto me. I held her legs as I slid hard into her, drawing all the way before pounding back inside, feeling her pussy clench and release, clench and release...

I held onto her boobs as she came again and I came during her second orgasm, filling her pussy with my second load. We lay exhausted until Candace returned. "Here!" Ms. Alexander called before I went out the door. She handed me an envelope stuffed with cash. I tried to inform her I got paid by the hospital but she insisted. "That was the best fuck I've had in decades."

- - 

After leaving Ms. Alexander's house, I was recalled to the hospital and met with Dr. Hall.

"Out patients say they already feel significant change Kyle." She said, "Ms. Gonzalez has already scheduled a follow up." My cock twitched at the flashback to the great fucking I had just given. 

"But..." Dr. Hall continued, "Another matter must be addressed." I listened as she pulled off her shirt, her braless boobs (as I requested) swaying gently. She grabbed the arms of my chair and dangled her beautiful masses in my face.

"We want to test just exactly how potent your cum is." Dr. Hall said as she pressed her lips to mine and massaged my throbbing cock in my shorts. "I know you got your mom pregnant but I wanna see those big balls empty. I want to empty those huge tanks. "

I was taken down a long hallway by Dr. Hall and Sadie. I was instructed to leave all my clothes in the exam room. The door was locked with a series of retina and fingerprint scanners and read in gold letters:

The Wet Dream Machine

We entered a large room with an upright bed in the center. In front was large light and robotic hands that reminded me of a dentist office. I was strapped to it and Sadie smiled at me as she got on her knees.

Taking my cock into her mouth, she began sucking slowly as she twirled her tongue around my knob. She sucked for two minutes until I was at full length and she was gagging as she pulled off. Dr. Hall then generously smeared some cool lube on my cock and placed it inside a comfy sleeve above a large beaker.

She fitted a metal helmet on my head and gave me a few gentle squeezes to my balls. 

"Your mom really is incredible isn't she?" Sadie asked as she continued to jerk me off, emptying my balls for my next session.

"Yeah," I answered as I watched her across the large exam room, speaking with Dr. Hall. It felt incredible as the busty college student jacked me off, my cum dripping down her fingers.

Once I ran dry, she licked and sucked her four fingers, watching me stiffen as she swallowed my spunk. 

"I can't wait for the next sample," she said, gently kissing my cheek.

******

"Alright!" Dr. Hall announced, clapping her hands as she walked in, "how is my favorite patient?"

"Hard and horny," Sadie replied with a bright smile.

"Perfect," Dr. Hall answered with a lick to her lips.

She removed her pink 'Daddy's Girl' T-shirt and walked over in her heels and laid a delicate kiss on my swollen head, flicking her tongue across my slit.

"We have a surprise for you across the hall..."

******

Upon walking over, I was met with an amazing sight. Mom lay on a wide metal table, complete with various creams, lubes and oils, completely nude. Her massive tits looked even bigger in her hot lingerie as she rubbed her wet pussy.

"Hey baby..." she said seductively, "Are you ready for your final test?"

Going behind a desk across from the bed, she hit a few times on a keyboard and I fell asleep.

- -

I suddenly found myself at a large beach house as the sun shone brightly against the clear blue sky. I saw my mother, in all her radiance, topless by the pool. "There you are!" She said, "You can help me." She held a bottle of sunscreen out to me and I applied some to her back before gradually going lower.

I inserted two lubed fingers into her tight ass and she tensed before laughing. "If you want to get in there, I'm gonna need more than your fingers." She said as she picked up the bottle and squeezed a large amount into her hands and she rubbed it on my cock.

I lay my head back and moaned as she continued her soft handjob. Once, she finished I roughly pulled down her bikini bottom and plunged my shaft into her ass. She moaned and began throwing herself back at me.

I stuck a finger into her wet pussy and she began moaning louder. I reached another hand and started groping her greatly expanded boobs spraying her sweet milk into my hands as I continued my assault on her tight ass. 

"Does it feel good Mommy?" I asked as I pulled her hair back to look into her sexy eyes. 

"Yes baby..." she moaned, "It's so good." I increased my pace and she screamed loudly as she began cumming, reaching between her legs to grip my balls. I pulled out and she got up, changing position. 

We kissed as I lay under her, driving her pussy down on my shaft. I kissed and massaged her beautiful breasts. I bit on one of her swollen tits and she cried out, cumming so hard she nearly fell off my shaft, I grabbed her hips and began roughly bringing her up and down, making her spray her cum onto my cock and stomach.

We kissed passionately as I kept both hands on her soft ass. She forced herself harder down onto me as I thrusted up. My balls were boiling. "My sweet husband..." she said running her soft hands through my hair, "Are you ready to cum in your new wife?" 

"So ready Mom." I said as I picked up speed. She shook her head. "Not mom anymore baby." She said as she licked inside my ear, "I'm your wife, you hung sexy beast. Now fill me up."

I woke up yelling. Cum blasted from my cock into the beaker as the sleeve slid up and down my cock. I moved against the restraints but couldn't move. After my hard nocturnal emission, I lay back, panting hard.

"Wow..." Sadie said measuring the beaker, "Almost 6 cups." She weighed my balls which read 18 pounds. "Not enough." Dr. Hall said, "But his dream with his mom was effective."

"You heard me moaning her name?" I asked but Sadie shook her head. 

"We were able to transmit it to video on the screen." I watched she reminded. Sure enough, I was bottoming out my buxom mother on the patio couch, spraying my load into her.

Dr. Hall hit the button again and I was taken into another dream.

******

I found myself in my junior year, the year I first started noticing all the beautiful women around me. And when I first lost my virginity.

"Aunt Vada!" I shouted happily, "Can I have them now?" It was Christmas time. All my family was sick with the flu and I was the only one healthy. Not wanting me to spend it alone, they had sent to my dad's aunt in Nashville. 

Great-aunt Vada was beautiful woman with an eccentric personality. That Christmas, I was sitting in front of the fireplace in my pajamas as she came into the living room in her costume. A beautiful red Mrs. Claus outfit matched with glittery red heels. 

Straining against the straps of her outfit were some plump boobs. "Here you go Kyle." She said setting cookies on the table. I sat on her lap, seeing directly into her cleavage.

"Kyle...?" She asked, "What were you doing in the hall last night?" I shot my head up. "Nothing!" I replied unconvincingly. She nodded as she wrapped her arm around me. "I heard you stroking yourself while I was undressing"

She pulled my waistband down and gently stroked my cock. "Does that feel good Kyle?" She asked and I nodded as she went somewhat faster." Then you'll enjoy this more." She spit down on my shaft and sucked it slowly and I moaned.

I moaned softly laying against her soft boobs as she began to stroke me again. "It tastes so delicious baby." She cooed as she rubbed my knob. "When you get bigger, girls will be rushing to get you inside them. But I'm glad I get to first."

She opened her sweater to expose her beautiful tits and I touched them softly. She smiled lovingly at me and smiled when she saw my cock had grown. "Do a good job Kyle and I'll let you have some nice creamy milk with your cookies."

She had me stand on the floor and wrap my small curious hands on her soft orbs. She stroked me off as I rubbed and groped harder. "You like them Kyle? Your uncle loved them."

I nodded as I took a stiff nipple into my mouth and she jerked harder and faster. We kissed madly as our tongues explored each other's mouths. Soon, we were on the bearskin rug in front of the fireplace, I on top of her, holding onto her flopping tits as my dick shoved inside her.

"Keep going. Just like that Boney." Not what you think. I loved Napoleon Bonaparte when I was a kid and the British, which my great aunt was, referred to him as this in a derogatory way.

I planted my mouth on the soft juicy globes as she raised her legs, her fishnets rubbing my back as I forced as deep inside her as I could. "Oh shit!" She cried out and I kissed her, moaning into her mouth. 

I had seen porn with Tariq by that time and I tried something I had seen. I pulled out and rubbed my cock on her dripping pussy as she squeezed her tits and moaned while it felt fantastic feeling my small knob rubbing against her bush.

I slammed back into her as she kept moaning it was the best she had ever felt. I pushed deeper with each try until all 6 inches I had were inside. She grabbed my ass and pulled me into to increase my speed. I was like a jackhammer, I had seen sex plenty of times but feeling it was incredible.

"Give it to me Boney!" She screamed, "You're making me feel so good baby! So fucking good!" She came hard onto me spraying my shaft with her smooth juices and I found I was better able to speed up. I suddenly bowled over and screamed as I pounded her as hard as I could.

I couldn't cum then but the feeling was incredible. I kept pounding savagely burying my whole cock in my screaming aunt. I had experienced my first orgasm. I had many more that week. 

******

I then awoke in a bright living room with a soft hand slowly pumping my cock. 

I woke up again in a cold sweat, the monitor beeping like crazy. The sleeve was furiously moving over my shaft and my balls ached as they relinquished their contents. Candace unlocked the restraints and I fell over her shoulder.

I saw an innumerable amount of filled beakers on the floor not to mention the cum Sadie had swallowed as my brain powered the machine into overdrive.

"27 gallons of cum." Dr. Hall said as she took a sip, "and strong enough to impregnate an entire continent." I smiled before I passed out. 

******

But of course there was little time to rest. More women needed to be fucked.

The car pulled up to the small condo of Darlene Lupone. I was amazed I was getting the chance to fuck a former pornstar. I got out and went to the front door, knocking on it. When the door opened, my eyes nearly popped out of my head.

A tall medium height woman stood there, wearing nothing but an open night robe. Her F cup breasts were on full display, and I could see a patch of hair over her pussy that was the shape of an arrow.

"You must be Kyle. I'm Darlene" she said while extending her hand, acting like everything was normal. I could not move my hanging mouth, before she pulled me inside and shut the door.

She dragged me up the stair to what I guessed was the master bedroom. Tossing me onto the bed, she removed the robe, standing completely naked now.

"I was told so much about you." She said, kneeling down in front of me. "Many say that you might be able to help me."

"Help you with what?" I asked, feeling a tiny bit nervous with the older woman.

"I need a huge, fat, thick cock to fuck the ever-loving shit out of me." She said, starting to rub my crotch. "My... husband... couldn't please me. And he soon left, after I told him how pathetic he was at fucking. I mean, he couldn't last 10 minutes, and I have not had one orgasm from the day we got married. It nearly made me go back to porn but he strictly forbid it."

"Oh..." I moaned, loving the feel of her hand. "Then why did you marry him in the first place?"

"He was rich." She said bluntly.

I nodded, knowing many of my fuck partners were married for the same reason. Darlene worked my pants off, pulling them down, and accidentally got smacked in the face by my cock. "I'm so sorry." I quickly apologized, "I should have warned you."

Darlene rubbed the spot where my cock hit her, smiling. "It's okay." She replied, before looking right at my cock and gripping it. "I'm so happy you have such a huge cock."

"I'm happy you have such beautiful breasts." I replied to which she smiled and bounced them, still relatively firm for her age.

"Have you ever seen my work Kyle? The way I love to ride cocks?"

"Oh yeah," I replied. "When I was 8, I and my sister found some of your Gent magazines in our dad's attic. We would sometimes masturbate each other to it."

"Awful young isn't it?" she asked to which I shrugged.

"But I suppose it explains why you're so hard for me," She began rubbing it, but soon began to titfuck me. "How do my udders feel?"

"Oh god..." I moaned, leaning my head back. "They feel amazing..."

She soon started sucking my cock, combining the two heavenly experiences. I trusted my hips, grabbing her by the back of her head, fucking her breasts and throat at a wonderful furious pace.

After some time, Darlene removed her mouth form my cock to talk. "Oh my goodness," she moaned, "you cock tastes amazing. I can't wait to taste your cum." And with that, she went back to sucking me off a little more, before I let myself cum down her throat.

I could hear her gulping the massive amounts of cum I flooded into her mouth. Not a single drop leaked out of her lips as she drank it all.

When she was done, Darlene pulled her mouth off with a pop and gave my cock on last lick. "That was the best meal I ever had. God, I wish I could live off of your cum."

I chuckled and watched as she stood back up. She climbed onto the bed and shoved her wet pussy into my face.
