 Author's Note: The sex will come; those of you who've read my first series (what's written of it) know it's my style to wait on that until I've built the story and characters up first Also, I use some possibly inflammatory terms, such as "faggot" and "retard." Please know that I have nothing against any of those people, and don't make fun of them in my life. People's choices and birth are their business; it's just part of the characters and story.  Anyways, please leave comments and rate!




I woke up, feeling refreshed off of a good night's rest of 9 hours. With my job taking up so much time out of my day and wanting to be able to please my girlfriend (and definitely be pleased by her), I don't get much sleep these days. Not that I mind my time being taken up for either of those; I make 6 figures in salary and benefits, and I love my girlfriend so much! My name is Jason Lovett, and I live in sunny California with my girlfriend of 3 years, and work for a classified branch of the NSA, based out of San Francisco. Through high school, I knew I wanted to work in law enforcement, but after what I had seen my father go through before he was brutally murdered by the Triads for testifying in a trial against one of their upper members and being the key element in locking the Triad member away for multiple lifetimes, I didn't want to just be a part of the "lower" echelon of police officers; I wanted much more. I pushed myself hard through high school, taking extra credit courses and even a few beginner Criminal Justice classes at the local community college, and gained a full-ride scholarship to San Francisco State University. 

School was fun, but I was restless from the beginning and just wanted to get out into the world of what I pictured was like 24; saving the world from nuclear holocaust multiple times. I sacrificed most of my time, taking 20 credits every semester, 2 courses every interterm, and 3 courses every summer. Thankfully, my father's life insurance was able to pay for my living expenses. My mother didn't use much of the money for the 4 years that she had lived after his death before going to the grave herself due to heart failure. Losing both parents before the age of 15 had been extremely difficult, but had served to push me along in my ambitions. After gliding through my first two years in college, I was on track to graduate in my junior year with a 4.0 if I could keep going exactly as I had been. However, my life had something else planned for it; this something else being named Kelsey. I thought back to that fateful day when I had met her.

"Jesus Christ, Tap, what's with the 30 pages?" I asked my friend Charles Tappman, or as I called him Tap, about the term paper he was adding finishing touches to for the Advanced Medieval English Writing Style class that we were happy to finally be done with in one week. The minimum for the paper was 16 pages, single-spaced, 20 sources, etc.; a normal advanced English paper by any standard. Normally, no student would do more than the minimum; however, when you put a 5'5" 115 lb. blonde babe in front of 40 horny males, anything can and will happen to win her affection. Already there had been several fights in the classroom, resulting in the dismissal of those students, and at least four classmates that I had seen had tried to get in her pants during class, as well. Those efforts usually resulted in the guy ending up on the ground in a ball trying to catch a breath after a brutal cup check. Only one guy I had ever seen had been able to even get out of the batter's box and go on a date with her, but I had never heard anything about the date from the guy, so I assumed it ended badly. 

Kelsey Capour was her name. She was gorgeous; way too attractive to be a college teacher. Fresh out of grad school at the tender age of 22, she was an early bloomer and used all of her wit and intelligence to drive the guys in her classes wild. Tap was no exception; he had been "smitten" since the first day of class. I use the word "smitten" loosely, as he usually had a girl for every day of the week and frequently couldn't tell me the first letter of their first names. I wasn't surprised though, as any red-blooded male, including me could get an instant boner just looking at her. Not that she tried to help that, however; she had to be the biggest tease I had ever seen. Tight suits that showed off her ample breasts and accentuated every one of her delicious curves; 4-inch heels that brought out her defined calves and perky, tight ass; hair always perfectly fixed in such a way to leave a few strands falling to frame her movie-star face; and always, always a skirt 2 inches too short to leave the boys wanting more. If she bent over to pick up a piece of fallen chalk or plug in an errant computer power cord, you could taste the testosterone in the room. I had seen her suggestively place her hand a couple inches from some of the better-looking guys' junk, only to walk away swishing her ass and hips seductively. Tears of frustration had come to eyes on multiple occasions.

Not helped by how sexy the teacher was, I was having difficulty in the class; writing had never been my thing. Grammar was a piece of cake. Figure out the rule, see if something's wrong with the sentence, and move on to the next one. Grammar is always objective. Writing, however, seemed to depend on the whims of the teacher and esoteric rules and regulation that I could never seem to get a handle on. I had already consulted with some of my more composition-minded classmates, but had no luck getting higher than a 75 on any of my papers. The tests and quizzes were my savior, though, and with a 100 on the final exam (easy enough) and a 100 on this paper (not so easy enough) I could pull of a 90 in the class, keeping my 4.0 GPA. With just a week left before we had to turn the paper in, I was out of options; I had to go to Kelsey for help. Currently, I was in line outside her office waiting behind three other guys wanting "help" in the class as well. More likely, help getting their raging boners down.

God almighty, I thought, you've all seen what she can do; don't you think she'll pick your ass apart once you get in there? I wouldn't be surprised if...

My thoughts were broken off as Tap came out, dejected.

"I got nothing, dude. I used up the last of my lines on the love of my life, and she didn't even bat an eye. Just shot me down as cold as everyone else. Fucking ice queen."

"No way man! Don't tell me you even used the butterfly line..."

"Yep," Tap replied, "Even the butterfly one. Guess love is over for me. I'll just go kill myself now." Tap was training to be an actor, and had a real talent for it, shown by the look on his face that said he really might go do that. I knew him all too well, however, and called his bluff.

"OK, Tap. Just please leave the blood off my side of the room. I'd rather leave clean-up to housekeeping."

"What the fuck ever, man. Some friend you are!" Tap replied to me with a look of indignation on his face, kept for a few seconds before he lost it. We slapped hands, did an awesome man-hug, and parted ways.

"Get 'em Tiger! She's all yours now!" Tap said as he left.

"Fag!" I yelled back, laughing. "You know she can hear you!"

I knocked on the door and heard the answer to come in. I opened the door and stepped on in, looking around at the lavish office. I had heard rumors of how Kelsey, a rookie teacher at the school, was able to score such sweet digs; the smallest of which involved her banging the Dean of English, and the largest involving an elaborate affair with the president of the school, a 75-year old married man with grandchildren. I dismissed them all, but knew all rumors got started somewhere with some facet of truth.

"Well, Mr. Lovett," Kelsey started, with a sly smile on her face, "what brings by my office today?"

Shit! I thought. I had lost the ability to think; the only thing I could focus on was her beautiful face. Thankfully, I didn't go any lower, or I'd have lost it.

"Urr," Urr? URR? What the hell is that supposed to mean to a fucking English teacher? Get it together fool!

"I need help with my paper," I blurted out, 15 decibels too loudly. Nice. Now you look like you've never seen a person with boobs before. Fucking retard.

The look on her face said the same thing. She didn't say anything though, just kind of sat there and studied me. I guess my "deer-in-the-headlights" look get through her defenses, though, and she asked to see my paper. I handed it to her without a word, and sat there dumbly while she rifled through it with a blank look, giving no signals away. Unfortunately, my mind was in overdrive, and what I thought to be a clever question got past the little man in my head and made it past my mouth too.

"So, judging from the look on the last few guys' faces, I'd assume they weren't looking for help with their paper?" Oops.

She looked up from my paper with a funny look on her face.

"Well, Mr. Lovett, why else would they be in here?"

My face burned with embarrassment, and I had no idea what to say. I'd had my fair share of girls in the past, but Kelsey turned my mind into mush. The only thing I knew to do was just get up and walk out, which is exactly what I started to do. As I reached for the doorknob, I heard her speak, but what she said didn't really register for a few seconds.

"Wait! I thought you needed help with your paper? Listen, we've both had long days, and I can tell this office is getting to both of us; how about we go out for a bite to eat and talk about your paper?"

Umm, I thought, did I just unintentionally get a date with Kelsey? Damn...I can't waste this opportunity.

"Yeah, that sounds really good actually, Miss Capour. I'd appreciate that." Thankfully I had my speaking faculties back and could carry a normal conversation.

"Only on one condition; don't ever call me Miss Capour again. I'm 22, Jason. You're a senior so what, I'm the same age as you?"

"No ma'am...I mean, no Kelsey; I'm just 20."

"Wow...I have a smart one here then," Kelsey said with a smile. "I want to change out of this stupid outfit; I can barely breathe! You would know the rules for faculty are made by all males...anyways, I'll take you to my place if you don't mind and change and freshen up. Are you fine with going as you are?"

"Yeah, I'm a guy; I'm always comfortable in jeans and a T," I replied.

"Well, great! Come on, my car's right outside."

As I followed her into the hall, every guy and girl stared at me. All conversation ceased, and I felt everyone's eyes burning into me. The guys were all whispering about what I had to do to get to follow her out, and most of the girls were checking me out, commenting on how they had never noticed me before. Nice! I thought. Even if nothing happens here, I've got plenty of other option now. I felt kind of bad about using Kelsey like that, but then I thought about all the guys that she had used, and my conscience left me alone after that.

Once we reached her one-bedroom apartment, furnished very tactfully with modern furniture and art, Kelsey got me a Coke and left me on the couch to watch ESPN while she showered and changed. I knew girls could be very long in "freshening up," so I found her Xbox 360, started it up, and began my conquest of the NFL with the New England Patriots in the game Madden NFL 2012. I can be slightly vocal when I'm playing video games, and get very engrossed in them, so I didn't notice that Kelsey had come out ready and had been watching me for several minutes.

"Well, you're going to have to teach me how to play that sometime; I never have this much fun!"

I jumped and whipped around, accidentally letting go of the controller in the process, it flying across the room and landing on the hard granite floor in front of the fireplace before smashing into many smaller pieces against the brick where the fireplace was held.

"Urrr," was all I could manage.

"Well," Kelsey said with a genuine smile without missing a beat, "how about you teach me another time? Maybe after you take some hand-eye coordination classes."

"Urrr, how about we stop at Wal-Mart before we hit the restaurant?" I asked her.

"Sure! I know how college students love their Wal-Mart!" Kelsey replied.

After our Wal-Mart stop where I replaced, much to her chagrin, her controller with a special-edition Modern Warfare 3 wireless controller, we went to Applebee's. Not an upscale restaurant by any means, but still, great food and even better company. Once we had sat down and gotten our menus to order, I was able to take the first good look at her that I had ever been bold enough to take. Of course, hiding behind two large menus can help confidence levels tremendously.

Instead of wearing her normally tight clothes and hair up in all manner of fanciness, Kelsey had let her hair down and straightened it, giving her a more down-to-earth appearance. Not that it looked bad; on the contrary, I thought it made her look even more beautiful. Her face was flawless, accented perfectly by just the right amount of blush, foundation, and mascara that brought her eyelashes out to the point where when she blinked it gave me chills. She was wearing just the slightest bit of sky blue eyeliner which brought out her unbelievably electric blue eyes. She was wearing a slightly tight short-sleeve black blouse with a short black coat over it, and jeans that, again, accented everything in the correct way. Damn, this girl is one of the best fashion experts I've ever seen! I stared a little too long, though and we made eye contact above the menus. I didn't keep it long enough to see her reaction, but my imagination was in overdrive. I heard a little giggle come from across the table, and looked up again. Kelsey was staring at her menu with a perfectly straight face.

"Was that..." I started, "was that a giggle that just came from the Ice Queen?"

Kelsey looked up at me, and then lost it. She just started dying laughing, right there in the middle of a crowded restaurant. I didn't even give a shit. I was on a pseudo-date with an extremely beautiful, charming, sexy, intelligent, cultured woman who was laughing her ass off in the middle of a crowd. I soon started laughing hard too. After a few minutes our laughter died down and we just looked at each other, shaking our heads.

"Thank you, Jason. I really needed that; it's been a tough week. Do you know how many guys don't give a shit about humor or making me laugh or anything, and just want to see their dicks in my mouth? It's horrifying when I think about it."

"Well, considering who you are and the fact that they're young virile males; yeah, can understand it," I said with a smile.

"Considering who I am?" she asked. "And...just what's that supposed to mean, Jason?" Kelsey said with a look of questioning judgment on her face.

Shit. Another quandary I've gotten myself into. Yeah, when you think words like 'quandary,' shit like this will happen. Jesus, I'm losing it.

"I, uh, didn't mean, uh, anything..."

"I'm just screwing with you Jason! Please, don't make me start laughing again; I need to order!" Kelsey said, smiling again. She really looked so beautiful when she smiled.

After we ordered, she produced my paper and got to work critiquing it. She did it very tactfully; there were definite problems with it, but she really wanted me to get that A in her class. When we were almost done with our meals, and done with the paper, I really felt like I had a shot. With the A, I mean.

"Well," Kelsey said as we stood up to leave, "I've had more fun on this date than in the last two semesters. Thank you so much Jason!"

"Hey, same thing here Kelsey!" I had opened up to her a lot more, and felt much at ease with her, like with an old friend. "I really, really enjoyed this time."

After we drove back, she would have had to pass her apartment to get to my dorm and then come back, so she parked in front of her place. I walked her up to her door and started to think of what was going to happen here. I'm not stupid when it comes to girls; I've had my share of relationships, one night stands, and everything in between, so I knew what she was doing when she fumbled with her keys a little. I felt that there was more here than a one night stand, though, so I said goodbye and turned to leave. I felt her watching me the whole way until I rounded the corner. I got back to my room and, exhausted, lay down and went straight to sleep.

Over the course of the next interterm and semester, I went on seveal more "dates" with Kelsey. In name, they were to help me with other high-level English classes that I needed to take for my minor, obviously English; however, in reality, we were becoming very close. I knew we were very good friends, but I thought there was a good possibility there could be more feelings there. I knew there was for me, but wasn't sure about Kelsey. However, I wasn't willing to risk our friendship for one stupid question or even night; I'd let her make the first move.

That move came on one of our dates. We had been hanging out recently to just blow off some steam, so on one of those nights, after a good meal and some slow dancing (first time for me; I stepped on her feet at least 3 times) we were sitting in her car outside of her apartment.

"Jason," Kelsey started, "I've...I've been meaning to talk to you about something..."

"Yeah Kels?" I had taken to calling her that as a show of friendly affection, and she didn't object. "What's up?"

"Every other guy, absolutely without exception, has by the third date tried to follow me inside my apartment. The first "date" we had, I thought you were going to. You're cute enough; I would have had a good time. But there would have been nothing else, and I was ready to shut it down the very next day. But you didn't follow me in. You just...walked away. And that...bothered me. I worried that I had lost it, or something. I went to the club the next night and picked up a guy with no troubles, had a good time, and regained my self-confidence. But I saw something else in you, something that I hadn't ever seen in a guy before. I saw legitimate want for a friendship; of course I saw want for more, but I saw that you wanted my friendship badly enough that you were willing to give up what might have happened that night. I told myself if this lasts, then I might have found the one for me. And I still think that, and it still has lasted. I know you're single, and I've also seen you turn other girls down. How long has it been since you've had sex?"

I didn't really know what to say in light of all that Kelsey had just said, so I just answered her question, "Seven months; two months before I met you."

"So," she replied, "You've been saving yourself? For me?" I just nodded. Tears welled up in her eyes.

"Do you..." she choked up and trailed off. After regaining her composure, she continued. "Do you realize what that means to me? That you, a guy who had no signals from me regarding sex, saved yourself in case it ever happened? What if it didn't? What if we both just moved on with our lives?"

I took a few minutes to think about this. I had thought about this before, what actually would happen if something happened to one of us to move us from the positions we were in then, but I wanted to word it just right.

"Kels, I couldn't have moved on. If either one of us were going to go somewhere, I would have told you how I felt. Kels, I love you. Like, I legitimately love you. I love everything about you, and think you're so far out of my league, that I would have gone for a porn star before I would have attempted to go on a date with you. But after getting to know you, and you getting to know me, I just feel this...connection with you. Kelsey, I love you, whether we have sex or not."
