 This story is part of an ongoing series. The chronological order of my stories is now listed in WifeWatchman's biography.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Part 1 - Prologue

(Author's note: this first chapter has a lot of background and stage-setting. Thanks for your patience bearing with it.)

Wednesday, February 14th. St. Valentine's Day. I got up and did my toilet a bit early, while Laura was sleeping. When I was done, I taped a note to the bathroom mirror for my wife to find, then crept downstairs. Two outstanding dogs were sitting by the back door, waiting to be let outside.

I let them out and stood on the landing as the dogs descended the stairs and went to do their business. I looked over the landscape. Fog had descended over the Valley that housed the Town & County, enveloping it in a blanket that diffused the lights of the Town into a fuzzy continuum of haze. Another great day to be a citizen of the Town & County, I thought to myself. Another great day to be a part of the Town & County Police Force...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Laura awoke and went into the bathroom. Seeing the note taped to the mirror, she took it and read:

"Crowbars are yellow, Bulldogs are blue,

no one is more special to me, than you."

Yep, it was about as corny as I could make it. But it was possible that I also mentioned dinner reservations at The Steakhouse for this evening, as well. Laura smiled in amusement, then texted that she accepted my invitation to dinner...

Part 2 - Political Dominoes

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Fox Two News!" shouted the lovely redheaded reporterette at 7:00am, Wednesday, February 14th, from in front of City Hall. "Today the Mayor will announce his plans for his next run for office, which Fox Two News has learned is going to be for the U.S. Congress as a Republican! If Mayor Vaughan wins the nomination, he will face incumbent Democrat Gerald A. Condor for the 1st District seat."

"And in State news," said Bettina, "with a month and a half to go in this year's session of the State Legislature, every major bill is deadlocked. Nothing is moving through the grinding process at all, no compromises are being made. The Law Enforcement Bill, which covers the State Patrol and the SBI, is at a total impasse. Last year, Senators Molinari and Cerone led the two sides to work out a compromise, but this year there is no effort to bring progress. And the Budget is totally deadlocked, as the House's bill has been called 'dead on arrival' in the Senate by 1st District Senator Katherine Woodburn."

"Additionally," said Bettina, "State Senator Maxine Watts is blocking nearly all pieces of legislation, and saying she will continue to do so until Commander Donald Troy answers her questions about CIA involvement in the assassination of singer Jasmine Nix. Roll tape."

Senator Watts was shown, sounding almost comically out of control as she yelled at a speech "And while Jasmine Nix's beautiful voice has been silenced, black voices will be raised in protest of the racism of Val Jared, and abuse by the Police that protect and cover for him! We will not rest until Val Jared is impeached and arrested for his crimes against minorities!" 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Typical morning." said Cindy as we drank coffee in MCD and listened to the Bettina broadcast.

"I wonder if our Legislators realize that being at impasse and getting nothing done is probably the best thing that could happen to We the People." said Rudistan with great joviality. His words were met with applause and laughter.

"Let's not tell them, and hope they don't figure it out." I said.

"Are they ever going to stop attacking Governor Jared?" Joanne Warner asked, venom underlying her sweet voice.

"Not until he's out of the Governor's Mansion." said Teddy Parker. "They're even trying to assassinate him now. The Midtown PD did a great job interdicting that sniper attempt."

"Yes they did." said a voice behind us. It was Chief Moynahan. "And I understand Lt. David Krueger got the tip that led to the discovery of the plot. I wonder where that could have come from."

"M-O-U-S-E." sang Cindy. And she was right.

"And speaking of our Mouseketeers," I said, "how are things going with Mary at Police Academy Advanced Course?"

"Oh, she's tearing it up." said Teresa. "I have word that she was outrunning many of the students in the runs, even though she's seven months pregnant, give or take. And at her current rate, she's going to graduate No. 1 in her Class going away."

"It'll be nice to give out a ribbon with a gold lamp." I said. Academy graduation ribbons that we wore on our Duty Dress or Formal uniforms might have one of three oil lamp insignia, that were like oak leaf clusters: bronze for top 1/3d of the Class, silver for top 10%, and Gold for No. 1 in the Class. I got a gold lamp for Detective School... and then I re-wrote the course for them to make it worth taking by the students yet to attend.

"Oh, here's that new ad!" Joanne exclaimed. We all quieted down to watch.

The announcer, a woman's voice, said "Billy Russell. Drove drunk. Hit a bus full of orphan girls. Constantly dropped the name of his father, US Senator Russell, as he verbally and physically assaulted the Police." The commercial was showing tape of the overturned bus, of Billy Russell yelling and screaming, and then trying to swing at Your Iron Crowbar. Then came the woman's voice, delivering the punch line:

"Gil Krasney." said the voice, almost in a positive way. "He gave Billy Russell a sweetheart plea deal, reducing felony charges to misdemeanors. Russell got off nearly scot-free. And this after Gil Krasney tried to give sweetheart deals to rapists." That referred to the Fire Department slugs that raped a female EMT and nearly murdered her and two male EMTs. (Author's note: 'Hampered In His Plans', Ch. 02-03.)

The ad went on: "We need the very best in the District Attorney's Office. And that is not Gil Krasney. He's bad for our Police, he's bad for our Citizens, and he's way too good to the criminals..." The ad faded to black.

Cindy had read the small print. "Paid for by 'Friends of the Town & County'. Wonder who they are?"

"Local PAC." said Joanne, looking it up on her computer. "Registered under the names..." She stopped.

"Who?" asked Cindy.

"Mrs. Myrtle L. James." said Joanne. "And retired Judge Lorraine McGill."

"Oh, wowwwwwww." muttered Cindy.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"This is Priya Ajmani, KSTD Five-Alive News in the Morning!" shouted the beautiful Indian reporterette at 8:00am, from in front of the Courthouse on the east side of Courthouse Square. "On this Valentine's Day, there are two things of which you may be sure: couples will celebrate their love, and politicians will be making their announcements for office."

Priya continued: "And in a KSTD exclusive, we have Assistant District Attorney Paulina Patterson here to make an important announcement! Go ahead, Paulina."

Paulina Patterson came up to the hastily made podium and said "I am here to announce that I am forming an exploratory committee for the purpose of possibly running for the Office of District Attorney. Gil Krasney's malfeasance of office in sweetheart deals for the sons of rich politicians cannot be tolerated nor excused. By law, I will be taking a leave of absence from my position as an Assistant District Attorney from this moment forward."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Wow, she went and did it." said Teresa as she, Cindy, and I watched in my office. "Think she'll take the next step, and run?"

"It'll depend on who else gets in and runs for D.A." I said. "But this has to be frustrating for Solicitor Miriam Walters. She's been coveting the D.A. position for some time, and just can't seem to find the right time to run."

"She can run in any election cycle she likes." said Cindy. "And that brings up another point... what about Krasney himself? Is he going to run for Mayor? or D.A. again?"

"Don't let what I'm about to tell you get out of this room." I said quietly. "Those ads pasting Krasney for the sweetheart deals for Billy Russell and for the Fire Department rapists have had a huge effect. He was going to announce for Mayor, but is now holding back and getting some polling done to see what he should do. The so-called 'consensus opinion' is that he will be crushed if he runs for Mayor."

"Where did you get all that?" asked Cindy.

"Oh, I have sources." I said conspiratorially. And I did... particularly one Mrs. Peabody, the Intendent, the truly most powerful person in this Town & County. It's amazing, the things the lovely Mrs. Peabody tells me while I am eating her sweet, succulent pussy...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Mmmm, now that is good!" exclaimed Jack Muscone as he took a (big) bite out of his double cheeseburger. He, Cindy, Ted Crenshaw, and myself were having lunch at the Cop Bar. Cindy got the steak Caesar salad, and Crenshaw followed my lead to get the 'Breakfast Burger', which was a cheeseburger with a fried egg and bacon on it. The Breakfast Burger was my request of 'Pops', the Cop Bar's owner, and it had become pretty popular.

"I have to say, Jack." I said. "You're looking a lot better today. Finally got some sleep?"

"Yeah." replied Muscone, though not letting talking get in the way of eating his double cheeseburger. "My boss sent me home Sunday, and told me not to come back in until yesterday. Tanya spiked my drink, and I was out for about 24 hours."

"Good." I said. "So what's new in the FBI... besides you hiring Crenshaw here into the FBI?"

"Not much gets by you." said Jack. "Yes, he just accepted our offer."

"Congratulations!" said Cindy politely.

"Thanks." said Crenshaw. "And I need to thank Commander Troy here for the recommendation he gave them."

"It's good for the FBI, and it's good for you, too." I said. "Especially since there's not going to be an SBI-SIS much longer, if I don't miss my guess, and the SBI being completely uninterested in Organized Crime in the State. So where will you be working, Ted?"

"He's on Team Lazarus now." said Jack, having finished his first double cheeseburger and picking up the second one on his plate. "He's going to Quantico; he insisted on that, even though we could get him in without him going there."

"The training will be good for me." said Crenshaw. "And then I'll be in the City, working on Organized Crime, but for the FBI instead of the SBI."

"Not Southport?" Cindy asked. "That's where the Mob is most deeply entrenched."

"That's true." said Crenshaw. "And yes, I'll be working on the Southport Families as well as the City's crime gangs. Which reminds me, Commander... what can you tell me about Cerone and Molinari? Are they really out? Are they really clean?"

"I think so." I said. "Molinari was not a crime boss in the traditional sense. He built up a developing and construction empire around the City, and made so many deals but also played so tough with the Big Boys that he pretty much became a boss himself. Then he sold just about all of his holdings, and walked away from it all. Cerone was the Boss of Bosses in Southport, but for reasons I never got clear on, he handed all of that off and ran for political office. He might still have contacts, but for the very most part he's gotten himself clean."

"Who runs the Families in Southport?" Jack asked.

"Orrin B. Taggart inherited much of Cerone's operations." I said. "Jerry Morelli was a minor player, until he destroyed Cindy's green car, with us underneath it."

"Pissed me off, too," said Cindy, "until I found out that Don here switched the cars." (Author's note: 'Film Noir'.) Everyone chuckled.

"Then there's Richard Langdon." I said. "He was becoming the major player in Midtown and Madison County, until those women escaped prison." (Author's note: 'Women's Work'.) Rumor has it that he was 'encouraged' to take a vacation, and to follow Cerone's lead of concentrating on politics for a while. I have no idea who's handling his operations now."

I continued: "But there is one guy you can look at, Ted... Leon Mills."

"Oh yeah," said Crenshaw, "he's on the top of my list. Dirty SBI Agent. Why he's still in the SBI, I don't know."

"We can't prove anything with which we can get him kicked to the kerb." I said. "And he knows we're watching him. I think he's just being dormant right now, or else is so behind-the-scenes that we're not seeing anything he's doing."

"We're not seeing anything, either." said Jack. "But that's why we're bringing Ted on board."

"So who is Team Lazarus now?" Cindy asked.

"Me," said Jack Muscone, "Martin Nash, Sandra Speer, Lindy Linares, Julius Jefferson, and now Ted Crenshaw. And of course Don as our Consultant against Crime. With her baby, Sandra's pretty much on 8-to-5, and isn't doing as much field work. Ted here will fill some of that gap, as well as the Mob niche."

Just then someone turned up the television set. Bettina had just come on, and was making an announcement.

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg with breaking news!" said the lovely MILF reporterette. "Della Harlow and Jenna Stiles are holding a joint press conference to make an announcement! They're coming to the podium here at City Hall now!"

Jenna Stiles stepped up to the microphone first. "Today, I am announcing my candidacy for the Office of District Attorney. Gil Krasney's sweetheart deal with the son of a Republican U.S. Senator, coming after having tried to give rapists a plea deal months ago, shows that Gil Krasney's judgement is so bad that he cannot be trusted to continue as District Attorney! I urge him to resign now, but whether he does nor not, I am running for the office, and I can assure you that I will not be giving the privileged and politically powerful any such sweetheart deals!" 

There was applause from the supporters, who'd been rounded up and 'planted' there by State Senator Katherine Woodburn, as well as a few genuine supporters that detested Gil Krasney. Then Della Harlow came to the podium.

"I am announcing my candidacy for County Sheriff today." Della said loudly. "It is obvious that various branches of the Public Safety Department are in need of real leadership and a good housecleaning. Sheriff Allgood has done nothing to stop the dangerous actions and racist attitudes of Police Commander Donald Troy. As your Sheriff, I will put Commander Troy and his out-of-control Police Captains in their proper places!"

The applause was a lot more muted, having come from only the hired supporters. It was silent in the Cop Bar.

Bettina came back on camera. "And there you have it, ladies and gentlemen, some of the first candidacies for local offices in this year's Elections. The election for District Attorney is by law a non-partisan election, and therefore a free-for-all, while the Sheriff position will require winning Party nominations in the May primaries. Ms. Harlow is running as a Democrat."

"Also," said Bettina, "we do not yet have word on the plans of Sheriff Daniel Allgood, if he will run for Sheriff again or for Mayor, as has been rumored for some time..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Laura looked great. Better than great. She was wearing a black dress that showed off her magnificent body to perfection. Sheer black stocking material over her shoulders, and encasing her shapely legs, only added to the effect. Her hair was pulled back into a tight bun on the back of her head. I was one happy and proud Police Commander to be her date for the evening.

The Steakhouse had a Valentine's Special every year, and the restaurant's owner, Town & County Councilman John Colby, always made sure I got one of the reservations, though I insisted on paying for it. Laura and I were in a large booth along the side wall, grateful for the extra room for our long legs. As we looked around, we saw Todd and Teresa sitting on the other side, their eyes revealing a young couple very much in love.

"Wow, Teresa has blossomed so much since Christmas Eve." Laura said as we observed them. "She's so much happier, now. She might even set a wedding date."

"And Todd is looking at her the way I look at you." I said.

"How's that?" Laura asked flirtatiously, fishing for compliments.

"Like he's with the woman of his dreams." I said. "And I know I'm with the woman of my dreams right now." Laura smiled and we held hands until our food arrived. I knew others in the restaurant were observing us, and they were observing a couple very much in love.

As we ate our dinner, I asked Laura "What are Callie and Cindy doing tonight?"

"Callie said they're going to that club called 'Pink'." Laura said. "They're having a Valentines Special dinner, too." The 'Pink' club and restaurant was the one that had been opened by the late Kevin Greeley, along with the club 'Punk'. The restaurants had been sold to separate investment groups. 'Pink' was doing well, as University women frequented it. 'Punk' was floundering.

"I'm not surprised they're going there." I said. "After all, Cindy is one of the owners of 'Pink'."

"Really?" Laura said, surprised. "I didn't know that."

"I didn't either," I said, "until Thomas P. Cook disappeared and we were going through his financial and real estate dealings. The group that bought 'Pink' from Metrosexual Kevin's estate was a trust called 'Kato Holdings'. That got my interest up, as 'Kato' was the Green Hornet's sidekick. Sure enough, Cindy's the senior partner of the trust. Her gym partner Ariel is part of it, Callie has a stake in it, Priya Ajmani has a share, too."

Then, to my surprise Laura brought up one of those two things that should never be discussed on a date: politics.

"So, darling," she said, "what did you think of all the political goings-on today?" she asked.

"Nothing unexpected." I said.

"Not even Della Harlow for Sheriff?" Laura asked. I could see what her real concern was.

"Especially not that." I said. "But I don't think we have to worry about that."

"Dr. Romanov at the University's Political Policy Institute believes she can win." said Laura. "Word is that Loran Michaels might run against her, and he's not a whole lot better."

"True." I said. "So let's talk about the real question in your mind: what am I going to do if Harlow wins?"

"Yes, you are reading my mind." said Laura. "Part of it, anyway. So what's your answer?"

"I don't know." I said. "Commissioner Robinson may be retiring from the Campus Police. I guess I could apply for that position." Laura's eyes cut towards me. She was beginning to figure the ol' Iron Crowbar out.

"You've got something up your sleeve." she said. "What, are you going to run for Sheriff yourself?"

"It's an idea." I said. "Think I can win?"

"Of course, Darling." said Laura. "But is that what you really want?"

"No." I said. "What I really want is to take my date for the evening home, and ravish her sexy body for hours on this Valentine's Day."

Laura's eyes were sparkling now. "And I'm going to hold you to that. Did you take your 'gray viagra' yet? It's going to be a long, hard night for you, mister..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Tanya Perlman heard the door to her house open. Jack Muscone came through the door. He was bearing a dozen red roses and a box of chocolates.
