 NOTE: While the stories in this series are not necessarily chronological, it may help the reader to at least look at Chapter 1 to learn a little more about Thomas Jackson Patrick "Bull"

*****

Chapter 2 - Shannon

TJ had been in this little community in the Appalachian Mountains for a couple of months. He had been working with some of his old "operator" buddies teaching some wanna be "survivalists" some of the realities of living off of nature's land. It kept his skills fresh if not sharp, allowed him to be outside in some of the most gorgeous scenery on earth, and he got to be around some of his old team mates. Things were content, not a word that he had used very often in his years on this planet. 

TJ had been in town long enough to have found a good massage therapist, who was able to work miracles on his battle torn body. For an hour every couple of weeks Anne would work her magic on his large trapezius muscles which regularly gave him pain. He sent a text, hoping she could see him in the next couple of days. She was a cute little brunette, close to his age who had been nothing but professional with him since he had gone to her. A few minutes later his phone chirped, "Sorry, TJ - in Florida with the family, you may want to try Shannon over at Mountain Essence, she's really good."

TJ muttered an obscenity to himself and put the google gods to work tracking down Mountain Essence. Once he had found the number he put in a quick call and made an appointment for the first thing in the morning. 

As TJ stepped out of his truck he realized that mountain essence was a house, not a house that had been converted into a spa, but a house. He walked up the gravel drive, the sound of crushed stone crackling under his slip on sandals. He paused a minute and chuckled as he caught his reflection in the window of the VW Jetta parked in the driveway. High and Tight haircut, aviators, thick chest and arms covered by a pink tshirt that had been cut up for use in the gym and a pair of black track pants. He glanced at the sight and at the sweat dripping from him as he had just come from the gym.

A young woman, no more than 26 or 27 stepped out on the porch to greet him. He looked and smiled, Shannon was a beautiful young lady, curves, large breasts, piercings, many tattoos, and a smile that would melt ice. He noticed her eyes taking the full measure of him, pausing on his broad chest and shoulders, then lingering at the bulge in his track pants. He thought to himself that maybe he should have thrown underwear on leaving the gym, but then again he hated underwear.

Her voice called out as her brown eyes twinkled, "You must be TJ."

He smiled, "As accused, you are Shannon?"

She nodded, "This should be interesting, most of my clients are elderly and frail and you are..."

TJ laughed, "Not quite elderly?"

Shannon blushed, "No, not quite and definitely not frail. Come on in, let's talk about what you want today."

TJ took in her young body and those amazing tits and thought, "What I want and what I can have may be two different things."

When they walked into the house TJ took it all in, it was just who he was. It was obvious that she was into eastern mysticism, tao, feng shei - mixed with a bit of bohemian hippy culture. While it wasn't necessarily his thing he liked what he saw and it seemed to work for her. 

She led him up a narrow stairway and pointed to two rooms. "If you need to use the restroom, it's right there and the room to our right is where my studio is. I'll run downstairs to heat stones and get ready. You can undress as far as you are comfortable and take your spot on the table in there when you are ready. There is a towel in there to cover up."

TJ went to the restroom, undressed and laid face down on the table. He heard Shannon's steps as she came back into the room, "I know it's warm up here, no air conditioning so I also will be using some cool stone massage as well if that's okay with you."

TJ nodded as she slipped the ballast under his knees. He was getting comfortable as she began the massage at his calves. Shannon's voice got quiet as the tranquility track music you hear in every massage studio in the world started. "I see massage as an intimate journey, in the beginning I am going to do a light massage from toe to head noting those places that require further attention. If I ever do something uncomfortable, just please tell me and I will move away from there."

TJ grunted his assent as her hands massaged his calves and achilles, then moved up to the back of his knees and up that hard ribbon of muscle in his thighs. Anne was right, TJ thought, Shannon is very good. Soon she was at the place where the towel was covering his ass. Her voice almost a whisper, "Do I have permission to massage your glutes, TJ?" He nodded as her hands slid to the solid wall of muscle that was his ass. 

As her hands moved up to the small of his back, he felt himself begin to relax. Shannon's hands were gifted and her massage style was much deeper than Anne's. There was a strength in her hands that manipulated muscle and tissue in ways that caused TJ to begin to drift into that place of relaxed bliss that only comes from a good massage.

In time her hands were up his back, working his large shoulders and traps, and not his neck. He began to feel himself stir as he thought he heard a telltale "Mmmmmm" from Shannon's mouth as she read his body and it's needs. As she moved past his head going from one arm to the other she allowed her hand to brush from one shoulder to the other, causing TJ's flesh to stir, leaving a trail of goose bumps as she went. He felt a familiar ache and silently hoped she'd tell him it was time to turn over. 

She hesitated, sensing that he was aroused, she lingered as long as she could as she moved to his side. She held the towel, "Just roll away from me and get comfortable, I will replace the ballast under your knees. The hesitation was enough from his erection to partially recede, but there was little that the towel could do to hide his excitement. His cock laid heavy against his left thigh, it was thick, and the light towel even showed the pronounced ridge. Shannon was a professional, she knew better than to stare, but she was mesmerized as she saw the effect that she had on this beast of a man.

Her eyes were glued to that towel as she placed the ballast under his knees. She was stuck. She normally would move to his legs, but was afraid that massaging his thighs would cause even more arousal. Moving to his chest and head would mean that he could see her eyes, and perhaps smell the scent of her growing arousal. She couldn't just stay at his arms and hands all day. As she made her decision to follow her initial plan and massage his legs she accidentally brushed her shorts covered mound against his hand, a gasp and a quiet "Oh Fuck" slipped from her lips. If she was looking she would have seen the slight smile on TJ's face, but instead all she noticed was the twitch as his cock started stirring to life yet again.

As she moved down to his ankles she was curious as to what his response would be as she worked up his legs. Would he become more aroused, would he relax? She was mesmerized. She was 26 years old but fairly inexperienced. A couple of girlfriends, a couple of boyfriends, and for the males "boy" was the key word. This salt and pepper haired male in front of her, with rippling musculature and a body marked with the scars of living. She couldn't help herself she was hypnotized by his presence, his aura, and his cock. 

TJ was watching, sensing, and was in control. As her hands moved up his thigh, he would squeeze his muscles gently, causing his cock to twitch. Her eyes never left the sight in front of her. She was massaging by touch now, her eyes transfixed to the monster beneath the towel. As her hands moved up his left leg, an almost unnoticeable shift of his body caused her hand to come in contact with his balls. She let out a little yelp and pulled away, pulling the towel with her, now leaving TJ completely exposed. That hidden monster she had been observing suddenly sprang into view. 

"Oh, my God, my God, Sir, please forgive me, I never meant to..." Shannon was almost hysterical while TJ remained calm, swung thick legs off of the side of the table.

"Shhh, it's okay. You haven't done anything wrong, Shannon, these things happen."

"It's so unprofessional, I could lose my license," she was trembling.

"Shannon, look at me," TJ gently commanded. "Nobody is losing their license, I am not filing a complaint, these things happen. Men get aroused, women get aroused. It's NORMAL."

"But, but..." She lost the words as TJ stepped from the table and hugged her. Her small 5'3 height melting into his 6'1" frame. The hug felt good, but now, "Oh fuck" she thought as she felt his cock against her belly, the heat so intense it felt like she was on fire. She felt her nipples harden and she knew her panties were now flooded.

TJ stepped back a step, looked her in the eyes and said calmly, "Touch it. You have wanted to all morning, go ahead, show me just how gifted you really are, Shannon."

She hesitated as his hand lightly grabbed her wrist. She offered no resistance as he lowered her hand to his throbbing cock. She whispered, "I don't do happy endings. I'm not that kind of therapist."

TJ smiled at her, "But, I do, and this will make you very happy."

Without thinking her hand absently started stroking his cock. She felt his hands slide up her scrubs and free her aching tits from the confines of the now sweat soaked sports bra she had been wearing. With amazing dexterity he teased her nipples, gently then firmly. Bringing them to the edge of pain they were so firm, only to twist them and cause exquisite jolts of pain to fly through her body. She was getting lost in her lust and need. 

TJ's hand slid down her pants, past a small patch of hair. Shannon was shocked that she felt her legs open to his touch. He found her clit and rubbed it until her legs were giving out, then drove two fingers deep into her, finding a spot deep within on her front wall that nobody had ever found. Complete surrender overtook her as she started to lose control, her knees giving way, orgasm after orgasm wracking her body, she felt something hot as she squirted. All she could do was whisper over and over, "cumming, cumming, cumming."

When she finally stopped her quivering she knew she had to, she craved to put his gorgeous cock in her mouth. She had not sucked many cocks in her life, and certainly not one of this majestic nature. But she tried very hard. The tip, then deeper, a gag or two in there as she tried to take more than she was able to. TJ gripped her hair, "I'm going to fuck you Shannon, today no more boys, today you are going to have a man."

She had no fight in her as he stood her up and bent her forward over the table. Her pants were down in a flash as he lined up his cock to the molten opening in front of him. The first push was stopped short as her body realized the size of its invader, but the flood of fluid and TJ's soft words causing her to relax soon allowed him full entry. He fucked her gently, slow long strokes as he stroked her long brown hair. Then firm thrusts as he grabbed her hips, causing her to yelp.

"You know, this will ruin you?" TJ snarled. "Those boys you are used to, they won't do anything for you anymore. You will always need a man now.."

Shannon panted and yelped and made all sorts of sounds that were primal, animalistic, passionate. The only words she could find was "Please don't cum inside of me."

TJ growled as he pulled out of her and left his mark all over her lower back. As he began to relax he scooped the cum off of her back and held it in his hand. "Turn around, Sir's cum never goes to waste."

Shannon turned and opened her mouth and cleaned TJ's cum off of his fingers before instinctively kneeling and cleaning their mixed juices off of his cock. Her tongue and lips began to awaken the monster again. TJ smiled down at her, "Time for Round 2."