 The spring planting had been finished. Rain clouds continued to roll over the countryside. Within a week tiny shoots of green would begin to pop up. Two acres had been designated for potatoes, the rest for barley and corn. 

Sean worked harder than ever to finish his work. Only rarely did his brother, Ian, appear. He would only find his way back when he ran out of money or the crops were being sold. For the time, it was a perfect arrangement.

He was hoeing some weeds at the edge of the property. Near him was a tiny grove of trees that hid a spring. It was the purest and cleanest water Sean had ever tasted. The spring was what had kept him working so hard over the years. He couldn't imagine someone else finding the tiny trickle of water. It was his favorite spot in the world

"Lunch time." Moya's voice brought his head up from the ground. 

She was standing watching him. Her hand on her hip, holding a tiny burlap sack. A faded quilt was tucked under her other arm. Her smile told him exactly what the quilt was for. The eyes she aimed at him were hungry. "Aye, food would be nice." He said, his smile growing, a nervous tickle ran down his spine.

Dropping the hoe at his feet, he walked to the edge of the field towards the trees. Moya walked quietly beside him. Their day in the barn was three days in the past, three days of awkward silence. Moya was tormented with the fact that she had been unfaithful, Sean, with the fact that he had betrayed his brother. He knew he would continue to do it every chance he got. That was the thing he couldn't forgive. 

Moya handed him the burlap sack as she began to spread out the blanket. His eyes watched her ass as she bent down. Her green eyes turned to see him staring, an odd smile creasing her lip. She knelt and pretended to smooth the blanket, letting him see straight down her dress. As innocent as she could, she looked up at him. "Aren't you hungry?" She had to purse her lips to prevent herself from laughing at him.

All Sean could do was shake his head. 

"Is something else on your mind?" Moya teased.

Sean dropped the sack at his feet. His biceps flexed to try and control the urges that had already built up too far. "Aye. You."

She pulled her legs under the folds of the dress and leaned back to rest on a hand. Her red hair falling over her shoulder. "What about me?" 

He narrowed his eyes. The blood in his veins seemed to be racing straight to his cock. Her eyes noticed the bulge. It caused her to swallow and then let a smile envelop her face. Instead of speaking, he simply pulled his shirt off. His eyes never left hers. He saw her chest rise with a larger than normal intake of breath. His boots were kicked off and then his pants fell to the ground. 

Moya swallowed again, the teasing was over. Her belly was already awash with butterflies. She had thought of nothing else for three days. Waiting every night for the door to open and Sean to walk into the cottage. He hadn't, instead he had stayed in the barn. It had been agonizing. The ache between her legs grew more and more each night. She quickly stood, and let her dress slide down her body. She kicked it to the edge of the quilt and knelt. 

Sean knelt in front of her, their knees touching. The two let their eyes scan each other's bodies. Moya could see that his muscles were drawn tight against his chest, his breathing shallow. His hands slowly moved to brush across her legs. Neither knew which one moved first, but they raised up and met. Their bodies collided, their lips crashing, and their hands pulling each other tighter, desperate for one another.

His hands gripped her ass as his tongue moved against hers. Both were breathing into each other. Her nails sliding down his spine. She felt herself lifted from the ground, putting her hands back, she fell backwards to the ground. His hands slid to the back of her knees, keeping them in the air. He watched as her eyes fell to his cock, her hands reaching to caress her breasts. Pulling her legs straight, he held them against his chest. Reaching for her hand, he pulled it down her body and between her legs. 

Through heavy lids, she smiled up at him. She saw her legs widen and his eyes fall to where her hand began to tease herself. Her fingers spread her lips, letting them move and thread around her delicate digits. The other hand ran across one nipple and then the other. A chuckle escaped as she saw his eyes get large and his jaw clench tight. Flatting her labia, she slid a finger inside herself and arched her hips up at him. 

It was too much. Sean crashed against her. He didn't even care that she was laughing at him. His lips were on her breast, his hand pulling her leg around him as he pushed into her. He couldn't help himself. There was no gentleness to him. Her hands tugged at his hair, trying to pull him up so that she could taste his mouth. His toes dug into the blanket, trying desperately to get more traction. 

Moya's red lips parted easy for him, she didn't have a choice, his tongue was demanding. She had never known such passion, such hunger, it was exhilarating. Her head was buzzing from the force of him. She already felt the shivers of fire running down her spine trying to meet him as his body collided with hers. Her hands dug into his hips, pulling him harder against her. She broke free from his kiss, her lungs craving air. They returned instantly, needing his tongue, panicking that he would never kiss her again. 

Her eyes opened to the green canopy above, she saw sunlight streaming through the branches, and then her world exploded. Massive tremors slid down the shaft of his cock and vibrated through her. Her head fell back, as her limbs went numb. Every muscle seemed to tremble in a hot sputtering convulsion and then time brought her back to earth. 

Sean felt her body tense and tumble. The vibrations around his cock almost stopped his heart. He saw the shocked expression and then saw it change to the most relaxed smile of happiness he had ever seen. And then he felt the release of all his frustrations, all his pent up need. It emptied his belly in a massive flight as his ass tensed and the most amazing feeling rushed through his cock.

He lay on top of her, his head resting on her shoulder. Her hands played a long his sides. Sean was finally happy. His world was perfect at this very moment. He didn't want to move. He didn't ever want to move. The spring air was cooling the sweat that ran down his spine, but the heat that still surrounded his dick was heaven.

"Why haven't you come to the house?" Moya's voice was soft, curious.

Raising his head, he looked into the most beautiful green eyes he had ever seen. "Because, I'd be in your bed."

Moya wrinkled her nose at him. "That's where I want you."

Sean's eyes narrowed. "It's not my bed, it's Ian's."

His words shook her. The reality of her life crashed in on her. Her entire body seemed to groan at the mention of her husband, his brother. "What do we do?" 

"I don't know. I can't stop this. It's all I think about. If I don't leave the farm, this is...this is all we'll do. I'll continue to dishonor you."

Moya shook her head. "This isn't dishonoring me. You're perfect. You can't leave me. I need you. I need this." She wrapped her arms tight around him and pressed herself against his chest. "I'll come to you, to your bed. Just, stay in the cottage. I need to feel you close...please."

Sean rolled until she was on top of him. His hands threading through the cascade of red hair falling over him. Her desperate pleading eyes bored into him. He smiled a lopsided grin and nodded. His fingers moved to the back of her neck and pulled with gentle pressure. Their lips were softer this time, the need temporarily satisfied. 

Moya began to slide against him. Her knees pulled up, her pelvis pushing into his. She could feel the slight roll of her clit against him. Their pubic hair pulled against one another. His hands gripped her head tight, his lips and tongue moving with hers. She reached down and pulled his cock straight and then pressed down to wrap her labia around it. It was growing rapidly. 

Pushing up, he pulled her legs around him. She lifted herself as he guided his cock back inside her. They were pressed tight to each other, legs and arms encircling. Only their hips moved in a gentle rocking. Their eyes locked together, both smiling. He could feel her nipples sliding against the sweat of his skin. Her red lips parted letting her breath dance along his cheek. 

He saw the smile grow as she pushed away from him, slowly lowering her body until she was on her back, and her legs straightening behind him. The pull of his cock hurt slightly and then relaxed. She slowly began to flex her hips. His eyes were locked on the pink lips wrapped around his cock, slowly moving in and out. Licking his suddenly dry lips, he put his arms behind him and began to push into her. The gasp of pleasure it caused made him increase his movements. 

Moya could feel the aching pull of him as he slid into her. It sent a sensation rolling through like none other she had ever felt. The pressure of his cock pulled tight to the upper wall of her vagina sent shivers down her spine. Over and over, tiny tremors struck her. The building pressure inside was growing faster. Her stomach was tight, pulling her shoulders off the ground. 

Sean watched as Moya's face went through a series of emotions. He had memorized them all over the years. Today he saw a new one. He could only guess that it was rapture. It was a combination of pleasurable shock and amazement. He was doing something right, he thought to himself. Sean looked at her tight pale skin as she stretched out before him. He watched, as her stomach seemed to roll. He felt her insides tremble again as her eyes closed. He could see her eyes moving rapidly under her closed lids. The scream that flew from her lips was followed by a girlish laugh and then tears began to fall down her cheeks. He could only stare as her body slowed and then relaxed. 

Lunch took two hours to get to. He ate the small piece of meat pie as Moya stared at him. Her smile barely showing at the corner's of her lips. His cheeks colored slightly at the attention. After five minutes of silence, he couldn't take it anymore. "What?"

Moya's smile grew. "What?"

"What are you staring at? What are you thinking about?" He said, a bit flabbergasted. 

"I don't know, just you. The things you can do to me. I've never known that it could feel quite like that." She said, beginning to blush.

Sean smiled at her embarrassment. "What exactly does it feel like?" 

She grunted and straightened up. She could feel a massive rush of heat on her cheeks. "Never mind about that." She didn't want him see her so turned upside down for him. "You have work to do, don't you? You should get back to it."

He watched as she scurried about folding the quilt and grabbing the burlap sack next to him. His smile was curious as he wondered what had caused the mood swing. 

She turned to leave as he spoke softly. "Moya?" 

Moya turned to face him, her body tense. She didn't' know why she was panicking. "What?" Her voice was agitated.

He took two steps to stand in front of her, brushing her wild red hair away from her face, he kissed her cheek lightly. "Thank you for lunch." His lips moved to her ear. "Every bit of it was delicious." His hands held her hips as she leaned into him. He felt her body relax. "Will dinner be as good?"

She snorted back a laugh, pressing the side of her face against his. "If you spend the night in the cottage it will be."

His fingers lifted her chin, her eye a deep green and wider than ever. Her heart was skipping wildly. He barely brushed his lips across hers, his tongue just wetting the underside of her upper lip. "Then get to cooking, I'll be in soon enough."