 "So, what do ya say then, mate?" you ask, as I thoughtfully drain my pint.

I'm not sure what to say. I'm not even sure what I think. You've just offered me the chance to fuck your girlfriend. Not for nothing, of course. No, you want five hundred quid and there are conditions. I have to wear a condom and nothing up the arse. Fair enough. 

I was sceptical at first. Rarely does anyone come up to me while I'm having a quiet lunchtime pint in the Bull's Head and offer me their girlfriend, even if it is for money. In fact, this is the first time it has ever happened. I naturally thought it was some kind of joke.

However the more you explained about your financial situation, the more it seemed to make sense. You do appear to be more than usually hard up at the moment. You tell me that five hundred quid is all you need to cover your rent and get your car fixed. I don't believe a word of that, but I'm sure you need the money for some dodgy scheme or another. I don't give a shit what you spend it on.

I have an issue the price, £500 for one shag is a lot. I am no stranger to punting in London, I've done it all over. I know I can get an absolutely stunning working girl for half the night for that kind of money. I can get a quick shag for considerably less. But then your bird isn't a working girl. She is Chloe Turner.

Chloe fucking Turner! Let's get one thing clear, she is not the most beautiful girl in the world. She probably isn't even the most beautiful girl in Hackney. There is, however, something about her. The way she moves maybe. Her confidence. How she just doesn't seem to give a toss about anybody but herself. The way she flirts so aggressively and shamelessly with any man who happens to cross her path. Except me, that is.

That's the other thing that worries me. You put a bloke in the hospital once, just for talking to her. It wasn't even the poor bugger's fault. She had been coming on to him all evening before you showed up. How was he to know she had a boyfriend? Especially one so violently jealous. It doesn't make sense. Why would you go from risking another stretch inside over a bit of flirting, to pimping her out for five hundred nicker? And why me?

It's probably because you know she doesn't fancy me. I'm unthreatening. I could never steal her from you, even with my dick inside her. It will be a pure business transaction, there is no way she'll get any physical pleasure out of it. Plus I'm one of the few people you know who has that kind of cash. I'm not rich by any stretch of the imagination, but I have my own flat and I'm not on the dole. That alone means I'm far better off than most of the people around here. 

Chloe Turner. I don't even exist to her, but I've been watching her and admiring her for a long time. I've had a thing for her since she was in school. I used to see her walking around in her uniform, skirt rolled up to show off as much leg as possible, shoplifting, getting into trouble. A couple of times she asked me to buy her booze and fags from the off licence. I did it too. Ten Benson and Hedges and a two litre bottle of Strongbow. Anything just for a short interaction with her. She's a proper east London chav, no class whatsoever. White trash, you might say, just like you. I want her though. I've always wanted her. 

Despite the way she looks and the way she acts, she could not be described as a slut. All the boys know Chloe. All the boys want to bang Chloe. Very few have. She's a prick tease, but she doesn't actually put it about. She loves to make a guy think he's going to get some. Get him all geared up and ready to go, then drop him like a hot sack of shit at the last minute. I've seen more than a few blokes fall for it over the years. She's not the kind of girl to let someone do her, up a back alley, at closing time. I think you are the first boyfriend she's had.

I don't know whether this is a genuine offer, or an elaborate plan for you to rob me of a monkey and for her to get me horny, then leave me hard and humiliated. 

I trust you...No, I don't. I wouldn't trust a scumbag like you as far as I could throw you. What I mean is, I don't believe you are planning to try and rip me off so blatantly. Not this time at least. Her, I'm not so sure about. She's wildly unpredictable, acts on impulse. Either way this is too good an opportunity to turn down. It's most likely the only one I'm going to get with her. 

I nod my assent.

"Nice one!" you say enthusiastically, "I'll come and pick the dosh up this evening, then send her round on Saturday. What time's good for you?"

Nice try mate! You must think I was born yesterday, if you believe I'll fall for that one.

"No, tell her to come around three on Saturday afternoon. I'll give her the money then."

You don't protest. Just say your goodbyes, promise me a great time and leave. I go up to the bar and order another pint. I only half believe she'll show up. I don't think you've even convinced her yet. We'll see.

***

Saturday afternoon rolls around and I hear my doorbell ring. It's gone four, but I waited in, just in case. It's not like I have anything better to do today.

I open the door. It's her, Chloe, she came. I don't know how you did it and I don't know how it'll go from here, but I'm excited to find out. Also a little apprehensive. Like I said before, she is capricious in the extreme. She can be getting on swimmingly with somebody, then suddenly turn on them. I've seen her steal from her best friends. I'm not ready to start counting my chickens just yet. I want to see if she tries to pull a fast one. 

"Alright?" she says, as she confidently brushes past me and heads into the living room.

She helps herself to a cigarette from the packet on the coffee table and sits smoking on the sofa. I nip into the kitchen to retrieve an ashtray and place it in front of her. I also slide over a white envelope.

"I didn't think you were coming," I tell her, as she inspects the contents. Twenty five crisp, new £20 notes, five hundred pounds exactly.

"Well I'm here now," she replies. "Where's the rest?"

"What do you mean? There's five hundred there."

"I was told a grand."

"Er...Not by me you weren't. I would never have agreed to a thousand."

She gets to her feet. "I need to call Steve."

I knew she was going to try something. If she tries to make a dash for the door with the money, I'll punch the fucking bitch right in the face. I won't let her get away with it, I'll knock her out if I have to. She can't pull one over on me that easily.

To my surprise, she leaves the envelope, still full of money, on the table and goes into the hallway with her phone. She closes the the living room door behind her and I strain to hear your conversation. 

It's quiet at first and I can't make out what she's saying. Then she suddenly starts shouting.

"You said he was going to give me a grand! What do you think I am? Doing it with some random bloke for five hundred measly quid. Fuck you Steve, you arsehole!" 

She goes quiet again. It would appear that you convinced her to come by telling her she was getting a lot more than she is. That was risky. She's going to be pissed off with you no matter what happens and if she decides to leave, I'm going to be angry for wasting my time. Plus, you won't get your money. I imagine you on the other end of the line, frantically trying to talk her into it. I hope you manage to.

Finally she raises her voice again. "Fine, whatever, I'll bloody well do it."

Excellent!

She wanders back into the room and stubs out her fag in the ashtray. Shrugs off her denim jacket and tosses it carelessly onto the sofa. Picks up the envelope containing my hard earned five hundred pounds and shoves it into her knock off designer handbag, which then joins her jacket on the couch.

"So where's the bedroom then?" she asks

Almost too eagerly, I show her the way. My flat is small so it's just a few steps really.

Once inside she drops to her knees in front of me, grabs hold of my waistband and pulls down my tracksuit bottoms and underwear together to reveal my still half flaccid dick. No messing about for her, straight down to business. I haven't even had a chance to get hard yet, but I'm not complaining. She knows just how to remedy the situation. She holds my thighs, takes my semi into her open mouth and sucks. She can take the whole thing in easily as it is, but it rapidly starts to grow. 

I can't believe I'm getting sucked off by Chloe Turner. The girl I have been lusting after since the day she started to grow tits. Any of the guys round here would happily stab me to be in my position right now. In fact, the lads round here frequently do stab people for a lot less.

I'm hard within seconds. It takes her by surprise and gags her. A second or two to catch her breath, then right back to it with fresh vigour. She might not be a real whore, but she sucks like one. The way she slurps and gobbles away at my prick, you would think she's enjoying it. She doesn't hold back and lets the saliva flow, coating my shaft and dribbling down her chin. Taking me deep, all the way down her willing throat until her chin touches my heavy testicles. You might even believe she loves it.

I don't think I have ever been so hard in my life. I've completely forgotten that I paid to shag her. I've completely forgotten about the money all together. The only thing on my mind right now is coming. Blowing a huge load in her gob or covering her face in my thick, hot spunk.

The little tart is wearing too much make up, as always. The pink lip gloss is part rubbed off, part smeared onto her cheek. I can see some of it on the base of my cock and in my pubic hair. Her eyes have started to water and her mascara is running. Her foundation, at least one shade off her actual skin tone, is smudged in patches. She looks a fucking mess and I am even more aroused by her. 

As quickly as she began, she stops and stands up, wiping the spit off her face. She looks me dead in the eye and takes off her t shirt. I look back at her, my prick dead straight, engorged and throbbing. She kicks off her white Nike trainers and unbuttons her jeans. As she shimmies out of them she says, 

"So are you going to fuck me, or what?"

I don't need to be asked twice. Stepping out of my bottoms and a lifting my polo shirt over my head is the work of a moment. My socks also slip off easily. She climbs up onto the bed and removes her bra, leaving her in only a small, plain, black thong and a couple of cheap, gold plated chains round her neck.

She is in my bed. There hasn't been a day in recent memory when I haven't fantasised about having her exactly there. It's almost more than I can take. 

The lascivious bitch has her legs wide open. The front of her underwear is pulled tight over her pussy. I can see a decent sized wet patch developing. She isn't soaking yet, but she's getting there.

I position myself in front of her. Tentatively I reach my hand out towards her. It's difficult to stop myself shaking. I touch her knee and slide my hand down her sumptuous, smooth inner thigh to her moist sex. I try not to rush, I want to make it last. I want to savour the moment, to etch it onto my memory as clearly as possible. The vision of her, here, now, will be my companion and my inspiration for some time to come.

My fingertips slip easily under the elastic hem of her thong. I stare intently at what's in front of me. It's like a waking dream. I pull the fabric aside and expose her glistening wet cunt. 

It is an amazing sight. More beautiful than I could ever have imagined. Believe me, I have spent more time than I care to admit trying to imagine it. She shaves, but she hasn't done recently. Her mound is grey with maybe a week's worth of stubble growth. She obviously didn't think it was worth the effort to shave for me. I'm not bothered though, I like it. She has a large, pronounced clit hood. I can see her swollen nub pushing out from underneath. Her dark, beefy lips are parted, showing her delicious pink gash.

I am totally enamoured by the sight. I can't resist going in with my mouth. I need to taste her. I dive down and plant my wide open mouth over her, taking in as much as I can. She gasps. I breath deeply and relish her pungent musk.

I go to work with my mouth. Kissing and licking and sucking hard on that delectable pussy. Slurping up her sweet yet slightly sour juices. I make no effort to hold back or take my time now. I want to. I want to savour the experience, but my body won't let me. My lips and tongue are working on their own. No thought, just pure instinct.

She is soon on the brink of orgasm. I know it. I can feel it in the way her body starts to tense up. I can hear it in the high pitched cries she lets out. She is about to come, but she pushes my head away and clamps her legs together at the last moment. I stare at her, incredulous. She meets my gaze and barks at me,

"Fuck me then, you dirty bastard! You paid for it, why don't you fuck it?"

I have to admit, she has a good point. I take her knees and push them apart, she doesn't resist. I position my hips in between her thighs, my body over hers. I support my weight on my arms and look down at her face. For a second, just a second, she almost seems vulnerable.

She grasps my raging cock in her hand and draws me into her, raw. I push in all the way. I am balls deep in her. My bare cock is filling your girlfriend's tight, wet cunt. This wasn't part of the deal. I had agreed to cover up, but now I am inside her, skin to skin. My pre-cum mingling with her sexual fluid. 

I'll be honest, I didn't plan this. Three Durex condoms and a tube of KY jelly sit waiting on the bedside table. I fully intended to use one and I was sure the lube was going to be needed. I never thought I'd get her wet. The truth is, it just slipped my mind in the heat of the moment. You were probably so busy thinking about the money and how you were going to talk her into this, you forgot to tell her to use one. God only knows why she didn't think of it herself.

I hold for a few blissful seconds, trying to hang onto that magical wave of ecstasy that only comes when you penetrate a girl for the first time. Her hot pussy grips the entire length of my shaft the way absolutely nothing else can. I don't know how, or even if, it is possible, but I swear she feels better than any girl I have ever been inside. I know it's almost certainly all in my head, but at this moment it is as true as anything else in this world.

The natural instinct to thrust takes over and I move my hips slowly and rhythmically. She closes her eyes and moans softly. I feel her hook her calves around my thighs as we move together. She has one hand on my buttock, her fingernails pressing into my skin. I use one hand to cup and caress her full, ripe breast. My fingers playfully twist and pull her nipple. 

Suddenly she opens her eyes and glares at me with sheer contempt.

"You pathetic old bastard. You can't fuck like a real man. Can't even get any pussy you don't pay for."

I'm sick of her shit. I'm sick of being in awe of her and being treated like a piece of dirt. How 

dare she think she can talk to me, to anyone, like that!

I bring my open palm down hard onto her cheek with a tremendous slap. Shock and fury flash across her face. She is about to retaliate, but I'm ready for her. My hand finds her throat and I squeeze with authority. 

"Who do you think you are? You filthy little whore!" I hiss into her face, so close she can feel my warm breath.

Her eyes bulge wide and she gasps for air. She is already flushed deep red. I put a good amount of weight on her neck. I want her to know that if she ever breaths again, it will only be with my consent. She is mine now. If I choose to end her, there isn't a damn thing anybody can do about it. Her arms flail in desperation. Her hands grasp at nothing. She is helpless, powerless. 

She's turning blue. Panic grips her brain as tightly as my fingers grip her throat. I just stare into her eyes, hatred burning into her. My turgid prick is still inside her, still stretching her, pressed up hard against her cervix. Her eyes roll back in her head, she is losing conciousness. I hold fast.

One...Two...Three...

I release her. She gasps and pants noisily. Her chest rises up and down quickly as her body strives to get oxygen back into her brain. We never break eye contact. She looks grateful.

Another hard slap across her face. Stupid bitch thinks we're square, just because I choked her a bit. Not a chance! 

She raises her hand to her cheek, but makes no attempt to to fight back this time. Just calm acceptance. I grab a tit in each hand. All ten fingers dig in hard. I unleash all my anger, all my rage, into her through my hips and my cock. Thrusting and pumping in a frenzy of lust and loathing.

I'm going to come. I'm going to come inside her and there is not a man alive who can stop it. Except, that is, for me. 

I don't know where it came from. Somewhere deep in my subconscious I imagine. The thought to not blow my load in her vagina. What if I got her pregnant? No doubt she'd keep it. I'd be tied to the bitch for the next eighteen years, paying out half half my wages in child support. Sod that!

I pull out. Despite my dick straining like a rabid dog on a lead. She is stunned. She was ready for it. She knew is was coming as well as I did. She never expected me to pull out.

Before she has time to realise what's happening, I flip her over onto her stomach and hold her tight by her hair. She knows what's coming now. She reaches back to block me and tells me no. But, it's not an emphatic no and her hand is easily moved. It takes surprisingly little force to get my cock up her arse. It's well lubricated from her cunt juices, no need for the KY. She cries out in pain, but not in agony. She takes it well.

This is the other thing you told me not to do. You clearly said nothing up the arse and I agreed. It's different now though. Any agreement I made is null and void as far as I'm concerned. She might be your girlfriend, but right now she is my bitch. I own her and I will do what I want to her.

The heat is intense. The heat of a pussy can never compare to the heat of an arsehole. No pussy will ever squeeze like an anus. 

I shove my free hand under her hips so I can finger her and rub her clit. Her euphoric moans let me know she appreciates it. I doesn't take long before she once again draws near her climax. This time she isn't going to stop me. I'm going to make her come. Come hard like the dirty little slut we all know she really is. 

As she gets closer, her squeals and yelps intensify. I step it up a gear. As I frig her clit, I pound into her back passage, adding pain to her pleasure. 

Finally, her whole body tenses up and she lets out a delirious shriek. A scream of ecstatic agony. She comes forcefully.

I'm not far behind. A few powerful thrusts and I explode inside her arse with a deep, satisfied snort. I feel a giant load shoot out of me and into her anal canal in great spasms. I collapse on top of her, completely spent.

We lie like that for some time. My substantial weight pinning her to the mattress. Sharing our heat. The sweat from one coating the body of the other. I breath her in, trying to separate her own scent from the stench of tobacco smoke and cheap bodyspray.  

I kiss her shoulder and her starts to get restless. I take the hint and roll off of her. She winces as she gets up into a sitting position. Her arsehole is clearly still feeling it. She stands and walks out, still naked. 

I manage to pull myself off the bed, although it takes me a bit longer than it took her. My head is still giddy from the post orgasmic buzz. I put my underwear on, but leave the rest of the clothes in a heap on the floor.
