 "I'm really sorry, Callie. The man's an idiot! With his priors, he's gonna do big time this time, for sure!" 

Paul hung his head, and I felt so bad for him. His big brother, my husband, was someone he always looked up to, even idolized, from when Paul was a kid. 

The reality about Jake had set in over time for me. I was stuck with him, and two little mouths to feed. His going away for some time, could be my opportunity to move on with my life. I'd have to decide that, soon enough.

But for Paul, Jake was the coolest big brother, nobody messed with Paul, just because Jake was his relative. Growing up, Jake always had money, from where, no one knew. By extension, Paul always had the best sports gear and tickets to movies and games.

Now, Paul was 21, Jake, 35 and arrested again, this time for passing bad checks. Me? I was 40, and had been drawn to Jake when he was Paul's age. He was young, brash, good-looking, and cocky. He saw me as the older woman of his dreams, moved in with me, and we finally married when I got pregnant with Joey, our oldest, who's now 10 and staying with my mom.

I sucked on my Jack and Coke, wondering how I got into this mess. Before Jake, I worked as a model, hoping to become an actress. Although they said I was good-looking enough, I had no talent, couldn't sing or dance, but I could stand there for cameras or artists.

I'm 5'8, and my blonde hair was pulled back by a scrunchie. I clutched my robe, having awoken to Paul at the door, informing me about Jake. No bail set yet, and I didn't have money to get him out, anyway. It was cool in the kitchen and the night air traveled under my robe, right through my nightie. I felt my nipples harden from the draft, hoped they wouldn't show through the thin robe. I drank some more.

Paul looked so much like Jake, sitting there, a young Jake, only gentler. So many times, I'd caught him looking at me, at my body, and he would blush and look away. I didn't tease him about it, but it felt good to know I still looked decent, even if it was to a 21 year old.

I must have looked a mess anyway. It was 3 AM. Jake had been gone for three weeks. My face was scrubbed clean of makeup, and I'm sure my roots were showing, not having done them in over a month. The normal wrinkles around the eyes had developed. And I just felt old and ugly.

But looking at Paul watch me, I knew he didn't notice, because he was trying to get a peek inside my robe, to those 36C's he admired so much!

"Can I have another beer? I won't be able to sleep now, anyway."

"Sure," I said, "I just got a fresh drink, hmm a strong one! That'll help me sleep. You're welcome to stay, honey. no sense rushing home."

He smiled as he got the beer, and I saw his eyes going to my robe again. That perv! Well, he's the only man who's looked at me in the last 6 months anyway. Six months its been? Wow!

So you like to look, huh? I thought. Let's give you a peek, maybe get me stirred up for my dildo tonight. I sat next to him at the counter stool and the robe shifted, showing thigh and cleavage at once.

Poor Paul didn't know where to look, first! I made like i didn't notice, but had to raise my glass to hide my smile. This was fun.

"So, how's Sheila?" knowing they had broken up.

He blushed. "Don't know or care. I think she may be Bi."

I laughed. "Yeah, is that bad or good?"

"Huh?"

"Paul, most guys have this thing about watching 2 women, or joining in. You never thought of it?"

"Oh, sure," trying to act worldly. "But strangers, not my girlfriend." He watched me, and I knew he was thinking. "Have you?"

"Have I what?"

"Ever been with another girl?"

Feigning outrage. "Paul! What kind of question is that?"

"I'm sorry, you brought it up!"

I smiled, "If I did, would you want to watch?"

"Fuck, yeah!"

I laughed out loud. "Paul! What happened to my innocent little brother-in-law?"

"He grew up!"

"Apparently! I guess you'd want to join in, too, huh?"

"If I can't have you alone, yeah. But I'd rather just us." 

He wasn't joking. His eyes were lusty now, not innocent at all. He had been drinking somewhere before this. I realized I was getting worked up by this conversation. I had done a 3 way with Jake at his request and remember how hot it was. She had been an old friend who I didn't know was Bi. She visited a few times alone afterward.

"Well, Mister, that's incest."

"No it's not. It's just regular sex. Incest is between blood relatives, brothers, uncles, cousins. Well, not regular, I'm sure."

His eyes kept darting around me, and I looked at his crotch. I cold see the long snake down his left inner thigh. Big, like his brother.

"You seem to know a lot about this stuff."

He shifted, his arm behind me on the counter. "I've thought a lot about it."

"The three way, or me?" feeling heady as I asked, knowing I was on dangerous ground.

He turned to face me, his bulge pointing at me. "You know I mean you. It's been you since I met you."

"Thanks, Babe..."

His hand gripped my arm, pulling me towards him, his lips poised for me, and I tilted my head to accommodate him. His lips pressed into mine, and his tongue followed. It felt as if he was sucking the air from me. 

Now, standing, our bodies together, one arm around my waist, while the other undid the bow on my robe, and he pushed it aside, feeling inside and finding my hard nipple. I gasped, it was so sensitive.

"Paul, we shouldn't..." but he wasn't the cute young kid with a crush anymore. He was a man with desires, and now he had caught my scent and was hot to track me down. His eyes seared into me as his hand held my tit firmly.

I was suddenly aware of how strong he was. He kissed me again, more passionately, and I felt my resistance dwindle. I was becoming his own. I had to feel him, it had been too long for me. My hand was on his jeans and I squeezed his cock, jerking it greedily.

He tore off my robe, and it fell to the floor. His eyes explored me in my short red nightie and then he was on me again, hoisting it over my head. I stood in the kitchen naked, and he smiled wickedly. "You're awesome, Callie, I knew it, I knew it!"

My chest heaved, thrilled that I wasn't a disappointment, hot for him now, needing the fulfillment that only a strong cock can give. 

We were on each other again, with me battling his buckle and jeans. He helped and the jeans fell. He stood with the head peeking out of his jockeys.

I slid to my knees before him, dragging the jockeys down with me, and he bounced before me. I grabbed him near the base, steadying as he throbbed in my hand.

"Oh, Callie..." was all he said, as I opened wide for him, bringing my lips around the huge pink head, with my tongue flicking at his slit. I could taste the saltiness of precum. Paul wouldn't last long. 

After a few moments, I backed off, looking up for approval. His eyes flared as he pulled me up. "Oh, Callie, that feels so hot! Your mouth is on fire! I gotta put it in, now!"

And I needed it now. He swung me around, spreading the chairs and resting me on the kitchen table. No small talk, we both knew what to do. I raised myself up, my ass at the edge, and spread wide for him.

His gaze took in my freshly shaved skin, and my red clit, which I'm told is quite large. He moved to me, holding his member, and I watched as he stabbed and missed, and reached out for him, lining him up so he could enter.

He leaned in and I felt him pass my lips, they stretched, easily, being well-oiled. He grunted and pressed forward, deeper into me, and I grunted in return. Push by push, more and more, until he was in me up to his pelvis! My God, he was bigger than Jake! 

He hovered over me, and smiled, then backed off, stopped, and pressed again. It felt so good, I couldn't speak. Out and in again, picking up speed, with him fully coated with my juices now. He moved back and forth freely, and my body churned on the table to his moves.

He squeezed my tit, and buried his head on my nipple, not losing stride, then he grunted again, and really went at it, the table creaking badly. But there was no way we were stopping now. Not until we were done. My legs spread, he had my hips, and seemed to ram harder and faster, and I felt myself lose it, my body like a rag, thrown around. The trembling I felt, then the sudden flush, I had orgasmed, and knew that he was due. 

To urge him on, I barked at him, "Yes, baby, yes, fuck me, baby, fuck me!" and he slammed a final time, inside me as far as he could go. I felt him shoot, and he grunted, then shot again, again, and he collapsed on me, panting.

I was almost in tears, holding his head as he gaped for air. "Yes, baby, that was beautiful Paulie, oh God, thank you!"

After about a minute, he raised his head and whispered, "No, thank you."

Jake's doing 7 to 10, and I filed for divorce. He actually said he understood, and wished me well. Of course, he doesn't know his little brother is living with us. We'll work that out when he gets out.