 It was all Kristin could do to stay on the road as she came. 

She hadn't intended to masturbate while driving. But the insanely sexual thoughts pouring through her mind and the powerful need coursing through her body made it hard to resist. And the short skirt and tight panties made it so easy. After three hours of driving and thinking of little else besides sex, it had only taken a moment for her to reach a quick climax -- a small one but still far more powerful than any she'd known before Ted.

At the moment she'd cum, she'd been thinking about the morning after she'd slept with him the first time. Waking up in his arms, her panties soaked in his cum, she was a different woman. Like something long-dormant in her had finally woken. Noticing that Lynn has already gone upstairs -- she could hear the shower running -- she'd wasted little time. She'd stroked his semi-hard cock until he was massively erect, then mounted him right there in the living room, riding his fat penis to an explosive mutual climax.

She'd gone upstairs shortly after to shower for work, exchanging a quick kiss with Lynn. The feeling that her life had changed for good persisted in the shower -- through her casual masturbation. And when she'd come down and seen that Lynn's short waitressing skirt and strategically missed blouse buttons had done their usual trick -- Ted had her bent over the counter, her skirt at her waist, her panties at her ankles, plowing his huge dick into her as she came and came and came -- Kristin knew for sure. In the past, she would have run from the sight. This time, she gave them both a quick kiss and then went to work like it was the most natural thing in the world.

Shortly after, a new town, a new job -- and a new attitude. She'd changed her wardrobe and changed her life. There were now a dozen guys after her. She'd slept with two but, even though it was better than what she'd had before, it didn't hold a candle to raw animal sex she had with Ted. So today she was driving four hours to see the only guy that could make her feel the way she needed to feel.

To her surprise, he had gotten in touch with her after he moved to college. Her new job had luckily landed her within a long drive of his college and he'd invited her to come visit. Kristin had suspected it was just a booty call. In the past, it would have horrified her; now it aroused her. She'd raced up to his college and they'd spent a glorious weekend in bed. Her sexual awakening had made her hunt out more revealing clothing and alluring lingerie. As a result, Ted was hard -- and she was cumming -- all weekend long. They'd only surfaced long enough to take in the unbelieving stares people gave as they took in Ted's ordinary appearance and Kristin's prodigious bustline.

Now he had invited her up for another visit. Despite her orgasm, her excitement was building again as she thought of the sexy e-mails and calls they'd exchanged over the last four months. Once the barriers between them were down -- once they'd been shattered by passionate sex -- they'd found they had a lot in common. Their phone sex was often interspersed with hours-long conversations. It had been a long time since she'd connected with someone on that level. Perhaps there wasn't a future for them -- they did live so far apart. But they had certainly become more than fuck-buddies if still less than love-birds.

Kristin finally spotted the exit to Ted's college. Her nipples hardened against the tight spandex of her bra. Her pussy began to get wet all over again. She smiled to herself. Ted was about to get every man's dream. A busty blonde was just going to walk into his room and fuck his brains out. 

------ 

Ted was nervous and for more reasons than one. 

He was nervous with excitement about seeing Kristin. When she'd come up to visit two months ago, her transformation had been astonishing. She appeared to have replaced her entire wardrobe, selecting outfits that emphasized her curvy hips and 34DD breasts. The weekend they'd spent together, she'd worn some of the sexiest lingerie he'd ever seen. She looked like she'd stepped out of a Frederick's catalog.

But it was her personality that undergone the most change. She was flirty, sexy -- and, when they were alone, astonishingly aggressive. The first weekend they'd spent together had been a vicious cycle. She'd wear something that got him hard and the sight of his tented pants would get her in full assault mode. He was sure he hadn't had a single erection that weekend that had not ended with him pouring semen into Kristin's mouth or a XL-sized condom (which she had very proudly brought a box of). In three nights and two days, they must have fucked ten times. By the time she'd left, his cock was sore from the use.

He grinned and rubbed his hard cock through his pants as he remembered one sequence. He'd woken to find her sucking him off. After he'd blasted down her throat, he'd thrown her back onto the bed and gone down on her until she'd cum, then fucked her through three more orgasms before almost bursting the condom with his climax. That evening, he'd taken a shower and she'd joined him. He fucked her against the wall until she exploded like a package of fireworks, then spurted down her throat again. They'd gone back to the room and watching her get dressed had turned him on so much, he'd taken her over the dresser in her bra and miniskirt, watching her tits jiggle and sway and threaten to burst the fabric while he pounded her from behind.

And like her, he was getting a lot of their long distance affair. She would occasionally send him racy selfies that made him masturbate his balls off. She was flirtatious and risqué on the phone or on video chat. And their long post-phone-sex conversations made him feel closer to her than he ever had to any woman.

Now he was only minutes away from seeing her again. Just her presence alone and the wild sex it implied would have been enough to make anyone nervous. But now he had an extra reason to be concerned.

They might not be having sex at all.

His thoughts were interrupted by her ringtone. His cock throbbed just at the sound.

"Hey, I'm almost there," she said. Then she giggled. "In more way than one."

"I can't wait," he replied, then added, "I've been hard for a month."

"Well, I've been soaking wet for two months, so there!"

Ted went to the window and watched with bated breath, his erection starting to tent his pants outward. He shared a three-bedroom apartment with two other students -- both of whom were away for the weekend. That was one of Kristin's conditions - she wanted to be able to make noise.

The apartment was adjacent to a campus parking lot. He dick swelled when he recognized Kristin's car. And his balls ached and his eyes widened when he saw her luscious form emerge from the vehicle and stroll across the parking lot to his place.

She was wearing a short gray skirt that revealed plenty of nylon-clad leg. Her white blouse was tight, distorted by her heavy bust and had the top two buttons opened. Her big lacy bra ghosted through the material and from his angle, he could just see the tops of her breasts jiggling as she walked. Her hips moved sexily side to side as she moved through the sunlight that made her blonde hair shine gold.

His resolve not to have sex with her was gone in an instant.

He felt a brief surge of pride as he noticed a couple of men turning to look at her. And he could tell she noticed as well. The shy girl who wore bulky clothes to hide her shape was gone. In her place was the sex kitten she'd always been destined to be.

He moved from the window before she could see him, unlocked the door and sat down on the couch, trying to look casual. This wasn't easy with an 8.5 inch erection straining to burst his dockers. He picked up his laptop and placed it over his bulging crotch and brought up a random website. He pretended to be reading football scores.

Look casual. Like the hottest girl you've ever imagined coming up here just to have you fuck her to pieces is something that happens every day.

There was a knock. He said something that resembled, "Cum in" and then she was there. And in moment, he was standing up and she was in his arms, kissing him. Kristin melted against him in a second, grinding against the massive bulge in his jeans.

As their tongues wrestled, their hands explored. Ted traced her voluptuous figure, starting by caressing her generous bottom and wide hips, moving up to her small waist and finally closing in on her massive breasts. When he took the ripe mounds into his hands, Kristin moaned and panted. Her hands, which had been happily caressing his arms, moved down and grasped his massive erection.

"I've wanted this for so long," she said between kisses. "It always feels so much bigger than I remember."

Ted had forgotten everything but the woman in his arms. He reluctantly let go of her heaving breasts, provoking a plaintive moan from Kristin. She grasped his hands and moved them back up.

"Rub my pussy later. My breasts need you."

She turned around and pushed her generous backside against him, again reveling in his size. Ted now had full access to her. He put his arms around her and grabbed her big breasts again. He kissed her neck and the side of his face as he groped and squeezed them. He pinched her hard nipples, pressing through the layers of fabric and Kristin squealed and shook.

"I love it," she gasped. "Harder."

Ted was trying to hold back, not wanting to hurt her. But, as always, she liked a little roughness in her sex. He had found that equilibrium, rough enough to excite her but not so rough as to hurt. They stayed like that for several minutes, their excitement level building and building until finally Kristin broke from it.

"Enough," she said. She quickly kissed her way down his body and began kissing his massive erection through his pants. It was all Ted could do to remain upright.

Quickly, Kristin unzipped him and yanked down his pants. His boxers followed and she grinned in delight at the ridiculously thick monster that confronted her.

"My memory never does it justice," she said and then brought it to her lips.

Ted trembled. Kristin was incredible at this -- just the thought of her sucking his cock was enough to get him on the brink of orgasm. And now to have the real woman taking him between her lips and as far into her mouth as she could, looking up at him happily, giving him peeks down her bulging shirt -- precum began to leak out of his tip and his balls throbbed.

"Oh Kristin, you could make me cum in seconds like this!"

She stopped and smiled up at him.

"I'd like to. I've masturbated myself silly thinking about you cumming in my mouth." She paused and blushed, once again not believing she was saying such things -- or that they were true.

She stood and kissed him again. "But I need this thing inside me. I'm aching for it."

She raised her skirt and pushed forward. Ted moaned at the feel of her soft panties against his head. As they kissed, Kristin pushed his big prick down, growling as the fat head traced down her belly and over her panty-covered mons. She rubbed it against her clit, loving how much better it felt than her own finger. Then she stood on her tiptoes and allowed him to slide between her legs, his fat length grinding against the wet material covering her vulva and clit.

"That feels so fucking good," she hissed into his ear. "I could cum just from this."

Ted's hands once again enclosed the heavy weight of her DD-cup breasts. Kristin moaned loudly at the overwhelming sensation. She bit her lip and held her breath as Ted continued his assault, now thrusting hard between her legs while gently squeezing and caressing her breasts. Kristin began to shudder and shake in his arms, her legs turning to jelly.

"You're going to make me cum," she moaned and then clutched him as she did. They held still for a delicious moment as Kristin recovered from the small climax. Then her eyes flickered open and she smiled at him.

"You get me off so fast."

"Nothing to do with me," replied Ted. "You're the one who's so hot."

She started stroking his cock again.

"I want this inside me, though. I want to cum all over this thing. Those are my best orgasms."

"Kristin, I'm not sure-" began Ted but she pushed him backward. His pants tangled around his ankles and he flopped comically onto the couch, his erect penis flailing about.

She reached down and slid her wet bikini panties down, leaving them in a damp pile on the floor. She strode over and straddled him, her thigh-highs caressing his leg. She inched forward until his prick was pressed up against her skirt, the underside rubbing against her mons. She reached down with both hands and began to stroke him.

"I don't know that I could ever get used to this. I can't even get my hands around it."

Having a voluptuous and horny woman atop him eradicated what remained of Ted's resolve. He pulled her in for a deep kiss. His hands raced over her back, caressing the flesh and rubbing the thick straps of her bra. He was deliriously happy as he gazed into her green eyes.

"You're so beautiful," he said. "You make me so hard. I could cum just from looking at you."

Kristin purred and pulled her skirt up and over his swollen erection. She wrapped the material around and began to jerk it. Ted's prick swelled and leaked precum, which began to make a wet spot on her skirt.

"You could make me cum just from this," said Ted.

Kristin grinned. "It's tempting. But I need that thing inside me."

She straightened up and inched her hips forward, raising them until his cock was poised at her entrance. She rubbed the head back and forth, reveling in how thick it was and wondering again how her pussy could stretch to accomodate something so big. Ted gasped from the feel of her soft blonde pubic hair against his head, then moaned as she pushed him down until his head was touching her wet lips. He wanted to grab her hips and slam her down on him -- but he knew to be patient and let her take her time.

After only a moment, she let the thick head part her pussy lips wider and wider. A part of her wanted to back away but she was too horny and the sensation of her lips being stretched wider than she thought possible was too much of a turn-on. Then, just as she thought she couldn't take any more, the head slipped between her widely parted vulva and into her slick vagina.

Kristin bit her lip and closed her eyes. Her hips shook as her pussy welcomed his fat cock. She was again surprised and delighted at how smoothly he slid into her, his thick head easily plunging into the depths of her sopping wet cunt. For the first time in months, she was fulfilled.

"Oh, I missed this so much! I love the way your cock feels in me."

Once again, she felt that frenzied anticipation as inch after inch plowed into her, grinding against her clit, stretching her out, pushing aside the folds of her cunt, exposing every nerve as it probed deeper and deeper, seeking out her G-spot. Finally, her hips touched his thighs and she squeaked as his massive head touched her deepest point, sending rockets of pleasure through her body.

"Your cock was made for me," she gasped. "It's so perfect in me."

She began to grind her hips back and forth, rocking on his fat prick, rubbing her clit against his belly. Her arousal was already approaching record levels. She'd forgotten how good it was to be so completely filled by him.

"It's not going to take me long," she moaned. "I've needed you inside me for weeks."

Ted undid the buttons on her blouse, exposing more of her big breasts. He began kissing the tops of them as he unbuttoned her, savoring the soft warm flesh. Kristin moaned and, using one hand to brace herself on the couch, used the other to pull him closer.

He kissed his way down and found the top of her bra. He pushed back a bit to take her in -- her bra was very low, stopping just above her nipples leaving an astonishing amount of flesh exposed. It pushed her breasts upward making them stand proudly on her chest. His cock swelled inside her.

"You're so beautiful," he said. "I could just nuzzle you all day."

Kristin grinned down on him. "At least there you could."

"Anywhere. I could kiss your belly all day, I could go down on you all day."

She silenced him with a kiss and resumed her rocking back and forth.

"Put that mouth to better use," she taunted. "They missed you almost as much as I did."

Ted pulled a bra cup down, exposing a large hard nipple. He took it into his mouth and sucked, eliciting a haunting moan from Kristin. In no time, he had her magnificent 39 inch bust fully exposed and was kissing and licking them while she rode his cock. Kristin again pulled his head close. The stimulation on her g-spot, her clit and her breasts was enough to drive her mad.

"Keep doing that," she moaned. "I'll just die from cumming."

In response, Ted pushed his hips upward and Kristin stifled a cry of pleasure as she was impaled even deeper. Her cry decayed into a series of gasps as she suddenly tipped over the edge and came.

Every muscle in her body clenched, she held her breath and her pussy squeezed Ted's prick as pleasure shot through her. She released and gasped for air, then clamped down again. She continued this for a full minute, each hard squeeze making Ted's cock swell against her g-spot and leak precum, which only stimulated her more.

Ted's climax was close. He grabbed her full hips, rocking her back and forth, lifting her up just enough to thrust back in. His actions drew out Kristin's climax and pushed him very close. His balls were heavy with cum, his prick expanding in anticipation. But just as he was about to unload into her unprotected pussy, she pushed him back onto the couch.

"Please, Ted! Give me a second. I can't take any more."

She collapsed against him, putting her breasts in his face. Ted was on the brink and desperately wanted to fuck her hard until he came. But he contented himself with gently kissing her heaving sweaty breasts and caressing her full ass. Kristin purred into his ear.

"Thank you, Ted. That's so sweet. It feels so lovely."

She spent another minute recovering while Ted slowly moved his hips. Finally, she opened her eyes and grinned down on him.

"I've needed that cum for weeks."

"I know how you feel," he replied, his face red with his delayed orgasm.

She giggled. "Yes, I can feel that you do."

Kristin planted her feet on the ground and slowly raised her hips, letting Ted's massive cock slide out of her body, covered with the white cream of her excitement. She felt very empty. She moved closer and they resumed their kissing and groping, moving until Ted was on top of her, between her legs, his swollen cock brushing against her soaked vulva.

Kristin broke from kissing and put her mouth to his ear.

"I want you to fuck me as hard and as fast as you can until you cum," she purred confidentially. She couldn't believe she was saying it -- what ever happened to the sexually repressed college girl?

She lay back on the couch and looked up at him expectantly. Ted took in the sight of her -- short skirt gathered at her waist, full nylon-wrapped legs open to embrace him, pussy lips wet and slightly parted, her full hips, her soft belly, her unbelievable breasts riding softly on her chest framed perfectly by her open shirt and bra -- and most of all, the needful look in her eyes. She was gazing into his eyes and biting her lip, almost begging him to fill her up again. His thoughts fled. He moved his hips and slid back into her warm pussy.

Kristin gasped and raised her hips from the impact of Ted's monster. He went in smoothly until he was balls deep, his head again rubbing her g-spot.

"You're so fucking big," she growled. "I love having you inside me."
