 I was taking a bus back home to Florida from West Virginia. At one of the many stops along the way a man got on and sat down next to me. He was about my age and nice looking. I had been hoping to have the seat next to me empty but as it turned out, I am glad he sat next to me.

It was dark out so everyone was trying to catch some sleep. When he fell asleep his head slipped down onto my shoulder. I was shocked at first, but it felt nice and it wasn't hurting anything so I didn't say anything. He woke up after a little bit and apologized. I said it was okay and he laid his head back on my shoulder.

He then grew very bold and put his hand on my leg and started gently rubbing me. My heart started beating pretty fast. What was going on? What the hell, I thought, you only live once.

There were people sitting all around us so he put his jacket over his lap to hide my hand. I slowly undid his pants and slipped my hand inside. Ah, what a wonderful feeling. He had the most raging hard-on I had ever felt. I could feel the intense throbbing and I am not ashamed to admit that it made me feel very powerful. Having this effect on him was awesome. I squeezed and stroked his massive penis over and over until he was moaning so loud the other passengers were starting to notice us. We tried to keep the noise to a minimum but it was a difficult task.

We noticed that several people got off at the next stop thus freeing up several seats in the back of the bus. Talk about luck, I was dripping wet and could hardly wait any longer to have him. Once we had relocated and the bus was back on the road I pounced. I leaned over him and started kissing him passionately until we both had to come up for air. I traced his soft lips with my eager tongue, slowly moving down his neck, his taste was so enticing I could not resist.

I paused so that he could remove his pants. His glory was finally free and it was gorgeous. I couldn't wait to taste him. I took his penis in my hand and slowly started licking my way around the tip. I could already taste the pre-cum. I didn't know how long he was going to be able to hold back. I took him as far into my mouth as I could, up and down, up and down, sucking and swirling until he was just about to explode. I stopped my movement and gave his balls a not too gentle squeeze. There was no way I was going to let him cum without taking him for a ride first.

I pulled up my skirt and took off my soaked panties. I climbed on top of him and slowly slide his massiveness into my soaking wet pussy. I wasn't sure it was going to fit. I felt stretched to the limit and stopped my movement for a minute to enjoy the feeling of having his throbbing penis inside of me. Finally. It was getting hard to hold back our passion. We could take it no longer. He ripped my blouse and started vigorously sucking on my nipple. First one then the other, back and forth until he had me in a frenzy. I picked up the pace, riding him as hard and as fast as I could. 

He reached down between us and grazed my hard throbbing clit. I exploded instantly in one of the most intense orgasms I had ever had. I couldn't stop riding him though, I could already feel another orgasm coming. I wanted more. I was begging him to come. I knew that feeling his explosion inside of me would push me over the edge. I was riding him hard and fast and I took my hand and reached around behind and under me so I could squeeze his balls. That is all it took. I felt him come so hard I had trouble staying on him. 

Needless to say, this gave me another mind-numbing orgasm. I collapsed onto his chest. I felt so good I didn't want to move for days.

We had totally forgotten about where we were and all of the people around us. When we came back to our senses we were both a little shocked at ourselves. We started looking around to see if anyone close by had noticed us. Yes, they had. They were all smiles and thumbs up. Apparently we put on a great show. I was embarrassed but also quite pleased with myself.

We put ourselves back together as best we good and tried to act normal. He got off at the next stop. I never even knew his name, but I am unlikely to ever forget our short but intense time together.