 The constant craving of sex can be such a burden but it is an obligation that I willingly accept and live for; I will do anything to keep my darling Andrew hard and aroused. It doesn't matter to me where we might be or what we might be doing, if my Andrew needs to be pleasured and get satisfaction then I will do whatever he asks.

We are lovers of classical music and have a subscription to the Royal Philharmonic. 

Recently we attended one of their concerts at the Royal Albert Hall and as always happens before we go out anywhere Andrew looked me over to make sure I was 'properly' dressed. He had suggested what outfit I should wear and I knew better than to question his choice. After I put on the short slit skirt with a beaded blouse he had me stand in the middle of the bedroom so he could inspect me. He reached under the skirt and when he touched my pussy he told me I 'was a good girl' that I left the panties off.

We arrived at our box seats which we shared with another couple with whom we often socialise. Olga wore a low cut evening gown and I could feel her bulging tits as we kissed and hugged. I sat next to her husband Maurice while my Andrew sat with his wife. 

We chatted about past events as we waited for the hall lights to darkened and then suddenly the conductor was on the dais and the orchestra launched into one of my favorite pieces, Mozart's 40th. I was enraptured but try as I might to concentrate on the music I was distracted by the feel of a hand sliding up my skirt. I desperately tried to pay no attention to Maurice's advances but I glanced over and saw Olga stroking Andrew's cock and straightaway I wanted to be touched by her husband. The music was forgotten and I concentrated instead on another of my passions, my fetish of being a voyeur and being used.

I turned and faced Maurice so that I could better see my Andrew who was sitting on his other side. Instantly I was horny and wet and I think I purred when I saw Maurice pull his cock out of his suit pants. I reared up from my seat and to show him my approval I lifted my skirt showing off my pussy. He pulled me to him for deep tongue kisses and he started fingering my cunt at the same time. I took a risk of people in the adjacent boxes seeing me and I went down on him sucked him into my mouth . His dick slid in and out of my salivating mouth, almost in time with the music, and as the symphony came to an end his cum poured over my tongue and down my throat. I tried to swallow as much as possible with as little noise as possible and I was further gratified to see that Andrew had also had a 'happy ending' at the hands of Olga. As the applause died down we four quickly adjusted our clothing so that by the time the lights went up once again we looked prim and proper.

After the concert we walked into nearby South Kensington and found a bijou café/bar to have a post-concert drink. The drinks were ordered and whilst we waited for them to be bought to the table we ladies decided we needed to refresh our make-up so we went to the ladies' loo. 

As soon as we stepped inside Olga pulled me into a passionate embrace and kissed my lips. I was a little surprised but I made no objection as I had always wanted to taste her lips. Even more, I had always had a desire to taste her pussy lips. She broke our embrace and pulled me into a cubicle and locked the door behind us. She pulled up the hem of her dress and I couldn't believe it when instead of looking at a pussy what I saw was a cock, a beautiful erect cock.

I was speechless and could only gasp when she placed my hand around her cock. I stroked her off till her cock and my hand was slick with pre-cum that kept oozing out and then at her suggestion I then sat on the toilet and Olga stood between my legs and lowered her dick into my throbbing pussy and we had the most unusual fucking of sheer electric pleasure which left us both sweaty and hot.

I squealed as I felt her slip into me, "Fuck me, let me feel your love," and within minutes I felt her cum in me . From that moment on I was Olga's slut.

She pulled her wet, softening dick out of me and we kissed again before finally and hurriedly repairing our makeup and returning to have our drinks.

*******

When Andrew and I arrived at home I confessed to him what I had done. He smiled, said I was not to worry about it but told me he was hard from hearing me tell him and that as a 'punishment' I had to jerk him off. I pulled his trousers and pants down and as I wanked him he said that he knew all about Olga and that he knew that she and I were making love in the lounge. After I had made him cum he said that Olga and her husband Maurice of 12 years. have lived a life of secret intimacies and had always been full of surprises. "Now", he said, "You and me have entered their privileged world. 

The following morning when we got up and were getting ready for work I mentioned to Andrew that I would be late home as I was having my semi annual gynae visit. He asked me what the consultation would entail and I told him that Dr Sullivan will examine my pussy; that he would be taking a cervical smear and because I will be on the examination table with my legs open wide in stirrups he will probe very deeply. Andrew became very aroused as I described the procedure and was getting an erection and began stroking and wanking his dick. I love to see him with his stiff cock in hand and I joined in and rubbed my nipples, turning myself on thinking of the doctor's visit.

Andrew asked, "Will my slut suck his cock?" When I responded with a yes Andrew grunted and I saw cum dribble into his hand.

I was dressing in the bedroom with Andrew watching me from the bed. His cock was still enlarged and although I was half dressed I couldn't bear to leave him in a hard state so I laid down next to him on the bed, leaned over and my mouth slid down his cock.

"Oh you fucking slut .. Oh fuck ... Oh yeah ... Suck it Slut," I love it when he calls me his slut and I sucked my darling harder. He ejaculated deep into my mouth 

Again I tasted all of him and once again I was the perfect slut I have been for my darling for over 20 years.

*******

My darling really doesn't like me to wear panties and he had told me that for my visit to my gynaecologist that I shouldn't. I didn't properly obey my Andrew and I paid for it. 

I have known my Doctor for over 10 years and in that time we have become very familiar and intimate during my surgery visits. He is very professional but I have learned in that time his own particular 'needs'. I know that he likes to help me undress, to assist me with removing my clothes and, most of all, to slip off my panties. 

He knows that I like to see him get so fucking hard before examining me and he knows that when I am naked and laying on the table with my feet in the stirrups he knows to gently and very deliberately carry out his examination.

He knows what his touch does to me and he soon has me orgasming and quivering just like a school girl. He knows what his fingers do to me and he doesn't stop until he knows we are both satisfied.

When he has finished examining me he gives me tissues to clean up before helping me to dress. He is very particular in helping me to slip my panties back on again. As he holds up my clothes and helps to fasten buttons and zips he makes sure that I brush against him so that I am aware of his stiff cock beneath his white coat. He doesn't let me see it but I know that after I have left he will be having himself a personal examination, wanking while thinking about me and my wet cunt.

Andrew was already home and sitting in the lounge; I was so happy to see him. I leaned over to give him a kiss and he surprised me by reaching under my dress to see if my pussy was uncovered. It wasn't, I had forgotten to take off my panties after I had left the surgery.

My Andrew was very angry. He flipped me over his lap , tore the panties off me and whacked me with a paddle . (There is always a paddle nearby!)

"You will obey me when I tell you not to wear panties," he said loudly giving me a whack as he said each word. Then he gave me more whacks and I didn't have to look to know that my bum cheeks were reddened from the assault. I did know that I was getting so turned on.

He stopped slapping me and I looked up at him, kissed him and thanked him for my punishment. He didn't say anything but instead just pushed me off his lap unto the floor. My dress flipped up around my waist and on my knees my bare bum and pussy was bared and waiting for my Andrew. 

He got off the sofa and came behind me, spread my legs and I knew I was in for a rough fucking. 

I also knew that he likes to hear me beg, "Ooohh I am your Slut Wife, Fuck Me ..." 

Andrew pleasured me with his stiff cock but although I heard and felt him cum he said that he was still angry with me for disobeying him. When we went to bed he punished me again by making me slept nude on the floor next to the bed.

In the morning I was just waking up and I saw my husband standing over me stroking his raging cock. I tried to rise from the floor but he pushed me back. He said he was still angry with me and even more so because during the night I had disobeyed him again by putting on a nightie when he had told me to sleep nude.

I said I was sorry to disappoint him but my apology seemed to make him even more aroused. He pulled me up from the floor and pushed me onto the bed and when the short low cut nightie rose to my waist from the pushback my pussy was exposed. He became even more excited when he saw that I had shaved it the night before, just as he had told me. He dropped on me, forced my legs open and within seconds had his cock (still cum covered with cum from the night before) in my cunt. He fucked me hard very hard and it didn't take long for him to deposit his cum in me once more. 

He didn't ask or wait to find out if I had orgasmed but without a word he just pulled out and wiped his cock dry on my nightie and went to the shower. 

When he returned to the bedroom to dress he still more or less ignored me as I lay on the bed. I thought that I was going to be subjected to the 'silent treatment' but I was surprised and gratified when he said that he wanted me to do something for him. Sensing the mood he was in I didn't dare ask him what he wanted but then again there was no need for he knew that I would do anything he asked and I do love him so.

Andrew is a vice-president MD of an international company (something to do with oil) and very successful at his job for which he is paid handsomely for his expertise. He travels extensively and when not on one of his many business trips he usually is having meetings with people who visit from overseas. He said that presently he had a delegation from Nigeria visiting and he wanted to make a fuss of the leader of the group. He told me, not requested, that he had decided that I take this visiting colleague out to lunch and show him the city's historical landmarks. 

He was more specific with his order, he said, "I want you to wear a short slit skirt and your thigh-high nylons. You are to wear no bra or panties and make sure the blouse is low cut." 

I must have looked confused for he said, "do you understand me?" and just to make sure I understood he slapped me. "You are to be nice to him and show him a good time. Do you understand?"

I nodded. I always obey my darling man because I love him.

Around noon the doorbell rang and there stood a chauffeur who guided me to a limo. He opened the car door and helped me step into the back. My skirt rose up as I sat down next to my Husband's colleague, a charming black man. He gave me a hello kiss which I returned and as the limo set off we began to exchange some chat about where to go/what to do. 

It wasn't long before I felt his hand between my legs but there was nothing I could do because I was fulfilling my Husband's demand. I knew what was expected of me so I opened his zipper, reached into his pants and helped him get out his already hard cock. 

Oh my god, what a sized cock was exposed in front of me, I'd never seen such a big, long cock before. I hardly had a chance to look before he grabbed my hair, pulled me down and said, "Suck it."

I leaned down and sucked his dick into my mouth and within seconds he ejaculated down my throat. He roughly pushed me away and lifted my top and exposed my tits to his massaging hands. I loved it and remembering what my Andrew had told me I encouraged him, "Aaaaaahhhh yeess." 

I was getting turned on as he squeezed and stroked my breasts and I had no hesitation when he then demanded that I lay back on the seat and spread my legs for him. He pushed the skirt up to my waist with one hand whilst he wanked his stiff dick with the other. He told me to finger myself and the sight of me finger fucking my shaven pussy was sufficient for him to cum again and he squirted onto my gartered nylons.

He still didn't lose his erection despite having cum two times. I was impressed. He said that we would forget about the sight-seeing which was evident when he followed by saying, "You are the whore; you are a slut wife. I know all about you." He pulled me back so that I was laying on the seat and then he pushed his hard cock into my needy cunt.

So much more happened after the limo dropped us of at his hotel and I knew that Andrew would be very pleased when I told him later just what a good girl I had been.

******

I devote all my time to Andrew, making him happy in many ways. I love it when he fingers me and makes me wet. Knowing I'm his slut wife who obeys him makes him hard. 

Andrew was out of town on business, leaving me with free time, which I don't have often when he is home and I knew that he would expect me to continue to act the slut wife while he was away.

That evening I dressed in my girlie wardrobe, short slit skirt, nylons, heels and blouse making this 50 year old look a lot younger. Satisfied with my appearance I went to my neighbourhood pub where a lot of the customers knew me. 

As soon as I entered the door I was greeted by an old acquaintance, Mike, who was sitting in a booth with a beautiful woman whom I had never seen before. He stood up and and hugged and kissed me and then introduced her to me as 'Susie' and invited me to sit with them. Mike ordered several drinks and as we drank and relaxed I became acquainted with Susie; it seemed the chemistry between us was there. 

Mike excused himself saying he had to leave and I was left alone with Susie. As soon as he had gone I guess that the drinks had got to me a bit for I was not surprised when I felt Susie touching her lips to mine. 

I heated up quickly from her kiss and told her I was married. 

"It doesn't matter, just enjoy yourself," was her reply. 

Susie kissed me again and my breathing was getting heavier and I felt my nipples hardened under the blouse. 

I felt her hand lift my short skirt and rub my nylons which heated me up more. I thought that I should really try to get away from her, but not really for I also knew that Andrew would approve of what was happening.

In the darkness of the booth Susie took my hand placed it under her dress, her legs slightly open felt hot. I couldn't resist caressing her all the way up between her legs until I felt her thong; it felt different. She lifted her butt and pulled up her dress so that she reach down and pushed the thong to the side. Yes, the thong had felt different to my touch for when I looked down there was a COCK, oh my god, a cock on a beautiful woman. 

This was all new to me. I hesitated not knowing what to do but I knew I wanted to stroke her .. and more. 

I pulled my hand out from under her dress and invited her to my flat for more drinks. 

By the time we arrived at the apartment I was already sopping dripping between my thighs. We hadn't been inside for barely a minute behind closed doors when Susie dropped her dress and pulled off her thong and stood before me showing me that beautiful cock. The sight drove me into an absolutely frenzy and all I wanted was to suck her female dick. I tore at my own clothes and started to undress but Susie told me to keep on the nylons and heels. 

She started to stroke her cock in front of me and massage her tits with her other hand. She knew exactly what I was thinking and said, "I'm going to cum ... suck me you old slut, suck it."

I kneeled in front of her and took her into my mouth, devouring her and, oh god did she cum. 

We went into the bedroom and for the rest of the night I discovered the joy that comes from loving a woman, a very special woman. Andrew will be so pleased with me when he gets home and I tell him.

*******

Andrew's reaction wasn't quite as I expected, I was confused as to whether he approved or not, he didn't actually say. What he did say was that my one-night-stand just went to prove what a slut I was at heart and what an easy pick-up I was when his back was turned. However, he shared this opinion of me when I was lying on the bed with his cock deep inside my cunt being made to tell him once again what it we did that night. He was so interested to know how it was to be fucked by a cock that had tits as an added attraction; he made me put on the same nylons and heels so that he could better picture the scene. 

I felt him begin to throb inside me and then he quickly pulled out and shot his hot spunk and my nylons were covered in his sticky goo. He made a point of dripping the last of his ejaculation onto my hi-heeled shoes saying, "That's what a slut deserves."

He still didn't say anything about whether his slut had been 'a naughty girl' but he did say that he was having to go away again in a few days time for another meeting that would involve a couple of nights of me being left alone.

The way he looked at me when he said it I took as approval of my behaviour and that he had expectations of me doing more of the same. 

I so love my Andrew; I will do anything he asks.

******

When I am 'home alone' with Andrew being away on a business trip I will often take myself off to our local pub in the hope of spending my evening socialising with friends. On this particular evening I was disappointed that none of my friends were around so I sat at the bar on my own sipping my drink. It wasn't quite the evening I had in mind and I was a little hesitant when a man from the other end of the bar waved at me. I had no idea who he might be but, what the heck, I slid off the stool and walked towards him. As I got closer I recognised him as Morgan, someone from the office where I had worked many years earlier.

Morgan rose from the barstool and hugged me. I squeezed him back and the memories came flooding back that he was the one who liked groping me in the mail room and that I had always found an excuse to go to the mailroom as often as possible!

I sat on the stool next to him and deliberately let my skirt rise almost all the way up to my shaved pussy. The thought that he may have seen my twat made me horny. 

During our drinks we talked about our families and he told me he was married 10 years with four kids; I told him I was married 21 years without children but he wasn't really interested in any of that, he just kept staring between my legs which I had spread slightly apart to keep my balance on the stool. There were few other customers around and the pub had dim lighting. He took advantage, leaned toward me and put his hand under my skirt and began stroking between my legs. The conversation switched to another topic.

"I recall you fucking other men in the office. You always dressed like a slut, you egged them on in what you wore. You look like you haven't changed your style."

My face turned red with embarrassment, I thought back to those days thinking that I had been discrete and that nobody other than the men I fucked knew.
