 Sitting quietly on the city bus, her knees clasped together, her skirt riding up her thighs, she felt his eyes on her. Refusing to meet his gaze, she looked steadily out the window, not seeing the familiar landscape on the way to the university, and not noticing the flow of people getting on and off the bus. She felt his eyes on her, again and again, and knew that while he tried to focus on the road in front of him, his gaze kept drifting, inevitably, to her reflection in the rear-view mirror.

She knew what he saw. A young, 20-something woman, long dark hair, serious gray eyes, glasses, a short skirt and a tight sweater.

Waiting for what she knew to be a straight stretch of road, she slowly let her knees fall apart, slightly, enough for him to see, his attention now riveted on her, that she wore no panties, and that nothing, not even hair, covered her moist centre. She felt the bus jerk slightly as he glanced back at the road and pulled back into his own lane. She smiled. She pulled her knees tightly together and clasped her hands in her lap.

At the next stop, when the bus nearly emptied of its passengers and he was distracted, she moved to the seat directly behind him, where he could not see her. One more stop, she knew, and they would be alone. She waited. He stopped, and the remaining passengers disembarked. As he headed down the hill to the turn-around, she slipped from her seat and stood next to him. His eyes in the mirror were only a little startled, and his grip on the wheel never faltered. He smiled at her, and she grinned back.

He pulled the bus into its 'waiting' spot and shifted into park, then turned in his seat, and she stepped into the spot between his spread knees. Eye to eye, they looked at each other. He smelled her soft perfume. He reached up with one hand and ran his fingers lightly down her cheek. She put her hands on his shoulders and leaned forward, pressing her lips softly to his. He responded, his hands on her hips pulling her closer to him, sliding to the edge of his seat so that his pelvis met hers.

She gasped at the hardness pressing against her, and he answered by moving his hands down to her ass and pulling her even closer. Her kiss became more frenzied as she sucked at his lips and tongue, her hands reaching down between them to unbuckle his belt. He ran his hands down her thighs and back up, this time under her skirt. She moaned, her thighs parting slightly to allow him access between them.

As his fingers made what felt like electrically charged contact with her soft folds, she sighed softly. Pulling her lips from his and looking down at what she was doing, she slipped the button of his pants undone and slowly dragged down the zipper. Lifting her face back up and meeting his eyes, she spoke for the first time. "We don't have time to go nice and easy."

"No," he agreed.

She smiled, the wicked grin he was used to seeing in her reflection. "So… just take me." With that, she flounced off towards the back of the bus. Choosing a seat, she knelt, turning to look behind her, waiting for him. He followed her, eyes tracing over her curves, coming to a halt behind her and letting his hands rest on her hips, pulling her skirt up. He pressed forward, his pants with their gaping zipper pressing against her ass. She wiggled back into him, ignoring the zipper digging into her wetness.

Looking over her shoulder at him, she smiled. "Well…" she said, "What are you waiting for?"

He shrugged, eyes fixed on her ass as he pulled back from her and let his hands wander down to her pussy, pushing his fingers into the wetness. "I wanted to do this first," he explained, leaning down and letting his tongue drag slowly over her smooth pink folds, teasing her clit and making her gasp, her body tensing and her hands gripping the back of the seat. She moaned as his tongue circled her clit, then gasped again as his fingers plunged into her moist depths.

His hand on her ass holding her still, he sucked gently on her clit, his fingers slipping in and out of her, he listened to her gasps and moans. Knowing that time was short, he reluctantly rose to his feet, letting his pants fall to the floor of the bus, leaning in towards her. He rubbed the head of his cock against her pussy, dragging her wetness up the crack of her ass and back down, before sinking his cock deep inside her.

They both groaned as he slid into her, her tightness clamping around him, his cock stretching her open around him. His hands on her hips, he immediately began to thrust, slowly and evenly. Her head thrown back, she moved with him, meeting his thrusts.

"Harder," she gasped.

"Yes," he answered, his voice hoarse, his hips pushing slightly harder.

"Harder! Fuck me, damnit."

He growled softly, one hand reaching to the back of her neck while the other one stayed on her hip. He began to slam his cock in and out of her, hearing her hiss of approval. Her pussy clenched his cock tightly, one of her hands holding onto the back of the seat, the other slipping between her legs to rub her clit. She moaned, feeling his hips crash into her ass with every thrust.

He slammed his cock into her with increasing urgency, hearing her hissed "Yessssssss" as though she were far away. He felt her shuddering beneath his hands, felt the flood of wetness in her pussy, felt her muscles clenching and releasing as they spasmed around his cock. Her shrieked "I'm cumming!" was almost unnecessary as he pushed harder and harder into her.

"Yes, baby, cum for me," he shouted, both hands on her hips now as he ploughed into her. Suddenly he felt his balls tense, felt himself passing the point of no return, and he grabbed her by the shoulders, pulling her around to face him, "I'm gonna cum, baby", groaning as his cock slipped from her pussy, only to be captured in her hand as she grabbed his cock and began to stroke, slipping down to kneel on the floor, her mouth opening to take him in.

The first touch of her lips sent him over the edge, her tongue rasping over the head of his cock as he began to spill his hot cum into her waiting mouth. She sucked, obviously intent on getting every last drop, as his hands tangled in her hair and his eyes closed in pleasure. He opened his eyes to watch her as she swallowed, licking up and down his cock, cleaning it of her sticky juices. Finally she stood and he kissed her again, tasting her. After fixing his pants, he slipped into his seat and shifted gears, driving back up the hill towards the university.

At the first stop, she smiled at him in the rear-view mirror. "Thanks," she said. "I hope I'm not late for class," and hopped down onto the pavement, quickly lost in the crowd.