 We were just at a movie and it ended. We didn't bring a car so that we would be able to enjoy the time together on a bus. 

We are lucky, the last bus was just getting ready to leave the station. Both of us were running and I was waving at the bus driver to wait for us. 

Finally, and out of breath we reached the bus and climbed in. Going all the way to the back of the almost empty bus, we sat down on the long bench. The night was a little chilly, and with your flimsy black dress, you are cold, so you snuggle close to me, seeking warm. Wrapping my arms around you tightly I pull you close, while draping one of your legs over my lap. 

Putting my left hand on your right thigh, I start to gently stroke your leg, just above the knee. Closing your eyes and leaning your head back against my shoulder, you enjoy my caresses. 

Once the bus started moving the inside got dark, with just the streetlights illuminating the interior of the vehicle. 

Since the bus is almost empty and the other occupants sit up front, nobody is hearing your quiet moans as my hand is moving up your thigh. While my left hand is busy feeling your leg, the right is slowly making its way across your shoulders, gently feeling your soft skin with just my fingertips. 

Gingerly, I move my hand across your shoulders and down your front as I work my way towards your right breast. I feeling your nipple harden through the thin material of your dress. Just using my index finger I run circles around the already hard nub, sometimes pinching it ever so slightly with my thumb and forefinger. Your moans of pleasure are getting louder, and for fear of getting discovered, I turn my head toward you and we kiss. Deep, passionate kisses, letting our tongues play with 

each other, while both of my hands continue to feel your body. 

My left hand is now almost at your crotch, feeling your inner thighs. Working my way up even farther, my thumb is brushing up against you through your panties. I can feel that you are already wet, the material is very damp. 

Still just using my thumb I keep on rubbing across the thin material, using a little bit of pressure now and then to stimulate you more. 

Finally you can't stand the teasing, and you stand up discreetly and carefully slide your panties down your legs, laying them on the seat beside you. Sitting back down, you drape your knee back across my lap, opening the other leg even wider to give me better access. 

Returning to my finger play, this time without your bothersome panties, I continue to kiss you as well. Gently I open your outer lips with my fingers, tracing the slick insides with my index finger, as my thumb strokes across your clit. I insert my middle finger inside you, you are very slick inside as I slowly slide my middle finger in and out.

You start moving your hips to the motion of my hand, gently rocking back and forth on your seat, while you can feel my other hand still rubbing your breast. Wanting to feel skin there as well, I drop the straps of your dress, so that your dress falls down around your waist, leaving your whole upper body exposed. Breaking the kiss and bending my head forward, I run my 

tongue around your nipple, teasing the nub with my tongue, then taking it into my mouth and gently sucking. You moan out load, not caring at this point if we are discovered or not, your breathing is coming in short gasps, your mouth is open with your tongue circling your lips. Not wanting anybody to notice them, I return to kissing you to keep you quiet, but not stopping my hand from playing with you.

I can feel your insides contracting around my finger as I slide it in and out, while my thumb is still stroking your clit intensely. Knowing that you are getting close to orgasm, I move my fingers in a faster rhythm. Your moans are louder now, muffled by my kisses, as you have a powerful orgasm. I continue to stroke and feel you till your climax subsides, and your moans are softer. 

My erection is pressing hard against my jeans now and while we kiss deeply, you open my zipper to free my shaft. Reaching your hand down you circle your hand around me, rubbing up and down the hard shaft a couple of times while stroking the tip with your thumb. While feeling me, you move to sit on my knees, one leg on either side of me, straddling me like a rider. Your dress is bunched up in the middle, your upper and lower half completely exposed. 

Scooting forward and sitting up a little bit, you take me and ease just the head of my shaft inside your wetness. I don't have any problems entering you, since you are so wet from my fingering. Moaning you gently lower yourself onto me, till I am all the way to the hilt inside you. Not moving yet we both just enjoy the feeling for a little while of being joined. 

We kiss and enjoy my hands on your breasts, gently kneading and touching your sensitive nipples. Ever so slowly you start to gyrate your hips, grinding back and forth, up and down, circling them. It seems that you are almost moving your lower body with the motion of the riding vehicle, it speeds up, so do you, it slows down and you do too. 

Your arms are thrown over my shoulders and my hands are cupping your tush cheeks, pulling you even closer to me and enabling me to push deeper inside you. With each of our thrusts the motion gets faster. Our breathing is now coming in short pants, interrupted only by our moaning, our mutual climax only a short while away. 

With a last few thrusts of mine and a few more hip movements from you, you lean back and look directly into my eyes. The lights from outside help illuminate our faces and we look at each other as we cum together in an incredible orgasm. 

Still not wanting to stop, we keep moving, slower now and not as frantic as before. Slow, pelvic grinding, as we continue with the grinding you hold on to the intensity and just as quick as your orgasm subsides another one shudders through your body. 


Finally you relax against me, I fold you into my arms, french kissing you deeply, while still fondling your breasts. You sit up and smile at me, realizing that we had just done the craziest thing so far in our lives, making love on a bus.

You reach for your panties but then decide to leave them on the seat, so the person that finds them will wonder about the passion we just shared. Pulling up your dress, and sitting down next to me, I put my arm around you, just as the bus pulls up to our stop. We walk up front and get out, while the bus driver watches, I look over my shoulder and, with a sly smile on my face, I wink at him. He gives me the 'thumbs-up' sign so I know he enjoyed the show.