 Thank you everyone who read Chapter 1. This will hopefully be a longer series and I will try to put chapters up every few weeks or so. Many people have asked if this story has any truth to it. I am very sub and love to please people. I get off on making other people's fantasies come true just like Kailey. So in a way this is a true story just not the business standpoint of it. Thanks for reading.

*****

Dan woke up on Saturday morning to an empty bed. He leaned over to make sure he wasn't dreaming. That last night actually happened. That he was actually with Kailey. He noticed the empty bed but he noticed he was not in his own bed. He knew that he wasn't dreaming and that his world was rocked the night before. He was wondering where Kailey was though. 

He smelled a wonderful aroma coming from downstairs so he decided to investigate. As he walked down the stairs he couldn't help but hear a humming noise coming from the kitchen. The dog started barking happily as Dan walked down the stairs in his underwear. Even though they had just had the most amazing night, he still wanted to be respectful in her house. 

"Good morning." Kailey said sweetly as she heard the dog barking. Dan looked really good with messy bed hair and just underwear. 

"Good morning. What ya got there?" He said as he went over to her and wrapped his arms around her waist pulling her closer to him. She moaned as she rubbed herself against his already growing bulge. She was even more gorgeous after having barley any sleep. 

"Breakfast." She said as she grabbed a plate to put the food on while he was attached to her hip like a puppy.

"Carly never does this for me. Thank you." He said as he let her go to have a seat at her breakfast table. Kailey made a face as Dan chuckled. "Don't worry. We will have more time for that." He said as he wiggled his eyebrows. She threw her head back and laughed as she finished making their plates. 

"So you want to talk about Carly now?" They hadn't said anything about his wife the night before. They were too busy learning about each other's bodies to talk about his wife. 

"I'm going to leave her." Kailey picked up a piece of egg and popped it in her mouth as she stared at him with blue eyes. She was relieved with him saying that. She wanted this man more and more now that she has had the chance to be with him. 

"You don't want to try and work it out? There's always counseling." She didn't want to sound too excited about her boss leaving his wife. 

"No we are over. She said that I was boring and I worked too much. However she wasn't complaining with the fancy vacations, clothes, and dinners. She had maxed out a number of my credit cards. Luckily I have enough to pay them off." He ate his food as he stared at Kailey. "Besides I have something way better now." 

"Yea I know this bacon is pretty amazing." She popped a crispy piece in her mouth as Dan laughed. She could always make him feel better. 

No matter what it was. 

"Well this bacon is pretty spectacular. But so is your body." He got up from the table and walked over to the seat close to her. His knees were touching hers and her breathe quickened. Dan leaned in to kiss Kailey on the lips. He rubbed his hand up and down her leg again moving his fingers to the bottom of her long t-shirt. Once his fingers met her wet pussy, she broke the kiss and moaned. 

"Dan." She whispered as he rubbed her clit. She wasn't wearing underwear which he loved. He would have to make sure she didn't wear any at the office. He couldn't wait to fuck her at the office. He had to make sure she wanted it but by the way her body was responding to his touch, he wasn't too worried about that. 

"I'm hungry for something other than breakfast." He said as he got up from his seat and got down on his knees in between her legs. When his fingers left her pussy, she whimpered in frustration wanting more. Once she realized what he was going to do to her, she couldn't wait to have his tongue on her pussy. 

He opened her legs and pulled her to where her body was hanging off of the chair so that he could get better access to her opening. She watched in detail as he leaned down and started to lick her clit slowly. She tasted so good and sweet. She tasted better than his wife did. There were times in the morning he would offer to eat Carly out but she had to shower first before he did. Kailey tasted amazing even in the morning. She was the kind of person he could get addicted to. 

"Stop teasing me." She breathed as she threw her head back and moaned. He stopped what he was doing and looked up at her. 

"Look at me." She immediately opened her eyes and looked down into his green ones. "I'll do whatever I want to you whenever I want to because I own you now." He said in a stern voice. Kailey had never played the sub part as much as she did with Dan but she was loving every second of it. She definitely didn't mind playing this game especially with someone like Dan. 

"You can have me anytime you want." She said as she closed her eyes again while he moved his mouth back to her pussy. He pulled her legs up and over his shoulders so that he could get a better look at her pussy. He looked at it for a couple of seconds while she waited patiently for his tongue on her most intimate part. She didn't dare beg him until he asked her to. 

"Tell me what you want." He said as he eyes her clean shaven pussy. His hot breathe on her made her squirm slightly. 

"I want to cum on your face." She said as he looked at her. This time her eyes were still closed and Dan took a good look at her face. She was so beautiful. Everything about her was perfect. If only he was 20 years younger. He could easily fall for her. He definitely already was. With the age difference though, he doubt she would be interested in anything more than sex. 

"I think I can arrange that my slutty secretary." Calling her a slut made her pussy gush and Dan noticed. She enjoyed being called a slut and a whore especially with the right person. She wanted to hear Dan call her that all the time. 

He leaned down and gave her exactly what she wanted. He licked her clit lightly as he put one finger inside her hole. She moaned louder as she threw her head back again. She started grinding her pussy on his face wanting more and more of his tongue. 

He continued fingering her as he stopped licking her pussy. "I think I need to get you a gag. Looks like my little slut is enjoying herself." 

All Kailey could do was moan as she shook her head eagerly. 

Dan went back to the task at hand and sucked on her clit running his tongue all around the sensitive part. Kailey took her shirt off and started playing with her massive tits. Dan looked up and saw as she pinched her nipples lightly. He knew she was on the brink of her orgasm and he couldn't wait to get her there. 

"Oh my god Dan." She said as she continued to grind her pussy against his face. He continued to lick and suck on her clit as he pushed another finger in her hole. She was so fucking tight and he couldn't wait to have his cock inside of her. 

"Cum for me slut." He said as he finger fucked her harder. She did exactly as she was told not wanting to disobey him and came all over his face. It was one of the most intense orgasms she had ever had. 

Dan got up from the floor and kissed Kailey with her juices still on his face. She moaned as their tongues battled for control. 

"Clean my fingers." He put his fingers in her face as she opened her mouth and wrapped her tongue around both fingers tasting herself. She sucked and licked his fingers as if it was a cock. He couldn't wait for her mouth on his cock. "See you taste so good." He said as she continued to lick his fingers. He was about to explode. 

Before he could do anything else his cell phone rang. Carly flashed across the caller I.D. He sighed in frustration not wanting to pick it up. At the same time he wanted the divorce process to start and being a lawyer he knew how long it could potentially take. 

"She's called a few times already. You should at least say something to her." She didn't know where they stood and she didn't want to seem too excited about him leaving Carly. 

"I'm not going be a nice guy if I answer that phone." He said as he let it ring. He wanted to get back to fucking Kailey but then he had a great idea. "You know you're right. I should talk to her." He said as the phone stopped ringing. He picked it up and sat down in one of the kitchen chairs as Kailey picked up the plates to put them in the dishwasher. 

"If you want to step outside you can." Kailey said as she scrapped the plates off. 

"No that's fine." Dan had the phone up to his ear waiting on Carly to answer. "Carly I want all your shit out of my house as soon as possible. I obviously want a divorce." He was silent for a little while as he rolled his eyes. "Did you forget you're not on the deed to my house? If you don't leave within an hour I will call the police and have you removed." With that he hung up the phone and turned his attention to Kailey. 

"Well that's one way to handle it." Kailey chuckled. He walked over to her and kissed her deeply on the lips. 

"When she leaves I want to fuck you at my house." He said as he smiled and ran his fingers through her silky blonde hair. They both could get used to this kind of life. 

It had been a couple of weeks since Dan had filed for divorce and he was happier than he had been in years. The process wouldn't take too long because he had evidence of Carly cheating so he didn't have to pay her anything. She tried to argue in court saying that he was sleeping with his secretary but he was always faithful to her up until he caught her. Carly couldn't prove that Dan had been having an affair so she was out of luck cashing in some money. 

"Good morning Mr. Stevens." Kailey walked into his office on Friday morning looking amazing as ever. She was wearing blue jeans and a red blouse that showed off her flat stomach and massive tits. 

"Good morning Kailey." He smiled as he went back to responding to a client. She walked over to his desk and sat on top of it, resting her legs off the side of it. This time Dan didn't feel uncomfortable having a boner in her presence. They had been having a lot of sex anywhere they could. He was addicted to his secretary and had to have her all the time. She played the perfect part of being a slut. She enjoyed being his slut and did everything she could to please him. No matter what it was. He remembered the no limits conversation they had a couple weeks ago and he took advantage of it by making her his personal fuck doll. He did treat her with respect as well and she wanted everything he was giving her. He would be gentle at times and make love to her gorgeous body and other times he would treat her like a cheap whore. She wasn't complaining in the least. In fact she was the one that continued to push it. She didn't like too many bruises but didn't mind some on her boobs from him biting and sucking on them. 

"How is everything going?" She didn't usually ask about Carly and him but she was curious. They had to be careful still since he was getting divorce. He didn't care about people talking and thinking that he was the one that cheated on Carly but he didn't want Kailey to have a bad reputation. 

"It should be finalized in a couple months. Maybe even sooner. She's being a total bitch because she knows she won't be getting any money." He smiled a smug smile knowing very well that he would win this battle without affecting him in the least. He could focus all his attention on Kailey for as long as she wanted him around. 

"So rumor is Kevin keeps asking you out." Dan put his hands behind his head as he watched Kailey. He was jealous no doubt about it. He knew he was an attractive man but his age was a factor. He wanted a relationship with Kailey but he was too old for her. He had heard from some guys in the office that Kevin had been trying to get a date with Kailey in hopes of fucking her. He couldn't blame the young man for trying but he was still upset. They were just fuck buddies so he wanted to make sure she couldn't tell how jealous he 

was. 

"I'm not interested in Kevin." Before she could continue, Dan's phone line rang. He put his finger up telling her to wait a minute to continue their conversation. It was a client that was upset about his bill. Dan didn't particularly like this client but he knew since he was the boss, he had to take care of it. 

As he spoke on the phone Kailey had a great idea. She got off his desk and walked over to where he was in his chair. He gave her a puzzled look as he continued his phone conversation. She got down on her knees and played with his belt trying to get his pants off. Dan gulped as he tried to think of anything other than the sexy blonde on her knees in front of him. 

"Yes Mr. Rivers I understand that but..." He stopped talking once his cock was freed from his boxers. 

"Is this all for me." Kailey whispered as she licked the tip lightly. This had been one of his fantasies for the longest time. Kailey giving him a blowjob as he talked to a client. They hadn't gotten to it just yet. 

She stroked him up and down with her hand as she continued with her mouth. She took him all the way down gagging lightly. He moaned as he felt the back of her throat trying to remain professionally with the client on the phone. He didn't know how much more he could handle with Mr. Rivers on the other line. 

"Mr. Rivers an emergency has come up. I promise I will call you back later today." With that Dan hung up with phone. He would be prepared for the angry phone call he will receive later from Mr. Rivers but right now he didn't care. He moved his fingers into Kailey's blonde hair as he forced her mouth further down his cock. She was gagging and spitting on the floor which he loved. "You're such a good little cock sucker." He said as he forced her down on his cock again this time leaving her there for a couple seconds longer. She loved being controlled while giving a blowjob. There was something about it that made her pussy gush with wetness. 

"You like that my little slut?" He didn't let her answer as he forced himself down her throat again. He loved feeling the back of her throat. Before she could answer there was a knock on the door. 

They both looked at each other not knowing what to do. She was too disheveled to stand up so they both decided that she needed to stay under his desk. Rapidly Dan pulled his pants up and buckled his pants before the person on the other side of the door opened it to see his cock down his secretary's throat. 

"Come in." He said once he thought he looked professionally. He stood up from his chair and smoothed out his pants as he looked at Kailey who looked up at him with her gorgeous blue eyes. It was sight to be seen. Seeing is prime and proper secretary disheveled under his desk. Her ruby red lips wet with her spit. He couldn't wait to continue their little party under his desk. 

"Dan why haven't you returned any of my calls." It was Carly which made Dan roll his eyes. He sat back down as he played with a pen on his desk. He didn't look at Kailey this time because he didn't want to get caught. 

"I'm sorry I forgot I owed you something. We are divorcing after all. Why do I need to respond to your phone calls? Our lawyers will settle this." Even though he was one of the most successful divorce lawyers in the city, he still decided to get himself a lawyer because he was in busy season. There was something about after the holidays that made people want to get a divorce. 

"So I can't talk to you?" She said as she got closer to his desk. 

"Carly we are getting a divorce. I'm not really interested in talking to you. Now as you stated I am a very busy man with work so I'm going to have to ask you to leave." 

"I just stopped by to see if we could talk about what went wrong." He laughed in her face. He couldn't believe she was acting this way. He definitely wasn't going to take her back. 

"Well for one you fucking your boy toy in my bed for years is a good start." He said with frustration. Kailey could tell he was frustrated and decided to help him out. He looked down at her for a split second as he saw the look in her eyes. He gulped hard knowing that he would be in trouble. 

Kailey rubbed her fingers across his cock through his pants. He sighed and tried to pass it for frustration but Carly didn't buy it. 

"Are you alright?" She asked as she saw that he was starting to sweat. 

"I'm fine." He mumbled as he kept eye contact with Carly making sure not to look at the blonde in his lap. His desk was big enough for Kailey to play with him and Carly to not see anything. "Just a little warm in here." 

"Why don't you call that secretary of yours to turn on the A.C.? I couldn't find her when I came in. What do you pay her for?" He was starting to get upset with Carly bashing Kailey. 

"Don't you dare say a bad word about Kailey. She is an amazing employee and person and I'm not going to let you talk bad about her in my office." He said as Kailey pulled down his pants as quietly as she could. He hadn't buckled his belt all the way or button his pants, so it was easy to slip them off. He gulped hard again knowing very well that her mouth was about to be on his head.

"Oh so what are you fucking her now?" 

"It's none of your business what I do. We are divorcing." He said as Kailey's mouth was inches away from his head. 

"The divorce isn't even finalized and you are already fucking your secretary." Carly crossed her arms making her already unflattering blouse look even worse on her. He couldn't believe he actually got a hard on from this woman at one point. 

"That didn't stop you." He said as Kailey licked the tip lightly. He sighed again and squirmed in his chair. 

"Look I didn't come here to fight. I came here to see if we could try counseling." Kailey continued to work her hand up and down Dan's cock along with her mouth. Dan tried to think of anything else so that he wouldn't get caught getting a blow job under his desk. 

"I'm not interested in making up with you. I'm done." He said as he looked down at Kailey with his cock in her mouth. He was about to blow his load in her mouth and he didn't want his wife in the same room as that. 

"So you're just going to throw away 10 years of marriage. I know I made a mistake but can you please forgive me?" She said as she uncrossed her arms and walked closer to his desk. 

"You threw away our marriage when you fucked that guy. Let me guess you realized that you aren't getting any money from the divorce so you are panicking and trying to get back together with me. Did boy toy leave you too because he wasn't getting any money either?" 

"Screw you Dan." She said as she crossed her arms again. 

"Well maybe if you did that every once in a while we wouldn't be in this situation." He said as Kailey pushed her mouth all the way down his cock making sure not to gag. 

"Is that all you think about?" 

"Well when my wife is fucking another guy..." he was cut off by Kailey caressing his balls. He loved having his balls played with especially during a blowjob. "I'm gonna have to ask you to leave Carly." 

"We still need to talk about this." She gave up the conversation this time but she would make sure they talked things through. With that she walked out of his office as Dan sighed a sigh of relief. 

"I need to cum on your pretty little face." He said as he pushed her mouth down his cock again. She nodded in agreement and let him do whatever he wanted to her. "Stick your tongue out and look at me." He said as she did as she was told. She played with her tits as she stuck her tongue out. Dan stroked him hard cock watching her until he shot a huge load on her face. She closed her eyes as she waited for the white substance to finish. She loved his cum on her face. 
