 Paige Turner pushed away from her desk and headed toward the mini-fridge in the corner of her office. Pulling out the tuna salad from the top shelf and selecting a LaCroix lemon-lime from the bottom, she glared at both hands and longed for the days when she could eat most anything she wanted and still lose a pound. Four children later, those days were gone; being that she was only thirty years old, they weren't "long-gone," but they had packed their bags and weren't coming back! Dropping back into her chair again, she pulled open the drawer on her right and selected a Wendy's fork from her stash of fast-food plastic-ware. "Oh my God," she thought as the first forkful went between her teeth, "my life has come down to this; motherhood, work, tuna salads, not enough sleep, and not near enough excitement...NOT EVEN CLOSE!" Even though she had been engaged to Chad for a while now, the excitement of finding love was being choked by responsibility and in the middle of that choking, every week that went by pushed the wedding date a little farther, and then a little more farther, and then a whole lot farther into the future. "When WAS that date now?" She said to her salad, "June 2020? Really?"

Her first marriage had been a disaster; so bad she didn't even want to say his name anymore. The only thing she was thankful for was that he allowed her to move the children 200 miles away! She scrambled to get her real estate license and went to work in her cousin's office. She was grateful for family; her cousin Jimmy had the business, and her mother moved to Rochester with her happily provided day-care. Right out of the box she sold four homes in three weeks; she was good this! Real Estate in Rochester, Illinois wasn't what she had always wanted to do, but having those four kids and being single by the time she was twenty-seven had depressed her and her options. "Damn it! I already have the beginnings of bags under my eyes!" The thought wrenched a small smile from her.

That afternoon she had three appointments, which meant she might get home a bit late. The first two were uneventful, and the second couple seemed to be window-shopping rather than thinking seriously about buying. The third name on the list was a woman: Marie London. Jimmy had given this one to her for what sounded to Paige like a strange reason; "She's too cute; you take it!" 

"What do you mean, 'too cute?'"

"You heard me; she's too cute! I can't keep my game face on when a single woman is the buyer. So I'll take this other one today, and you take this Marie person."

"Okay, but you're silly!" Paige grinned at Jimmy crookedly, "You men...what the hell is wrong with you sometimes?"

Jimmy just laughed, waved his hand at her with a "Pfft," and walked out the door.

Marie London had checked off three different condos on her interest card, and Paige got in her car and headed toward the address of the first one. Stopping at the light on Main and Walnut Street, she dialed Marie's number.

"Hello?"

"Hi Marie, this is Paige Turner from Hannigan Real Estate. We're going to meet today to check out those condominiums you're interested in, right?" What came next was so far from Paige's mind that when it happened; it startled her!

"Oh hi, Paige, yes...but you sound like a woman?"

It wasn't what this Marie said; it was the way she said it. Paige hesitated, "Uhh, well yes," she hesitated again and finally managed to say, "I definitely am a woman, last time I checked!"

Marie laughed. It wasn't that she laughed; it was the way she laughed. To Paige...it was the single most beautiful speaking voice she could ever remember hearing on the telephone. And the laughter? There was no other way to describe it...it was sexy! Paige felt an involuntary shiver sweep over her, but she said, "That's not a problem is it? Perhaps you were hoping Mr. Hannigan would handle your business?"

Marie was quick to respond, "Ohh noooo..." she almost cooed, "I'm sure you're good at what you do, Paige! And I'm already there, at the first address on Burberry Lane. Paige couldn't help but think that she'd never heard anyone say "Burberry Lane" so sweetly!

"Great! I'll be there in five minutes; would you like something to drink as we tour the unit?"

Marie replied, "Wow, you're REALLY good! You read my mind; I was just thinking that I was thirsty!"

"See you in five!" Paige hung up and checked the cooler in the back seat. Good, there were six bottles of Dasani water on ice back there. She grinned and thought, "Holy shit! This is what Jimmy meant by 'too cute!' Like Jimmy's game is better than mine?" The rest of the way was spent wondering if Marie's appearance in any way matched her voice. She was half hoping that Marie would turn out to be plain. "If she's as sexy as she sounds; Oh my God!" 

Paige recalled the last time she found a woman's voice attractive. She was signing up for a membership at Hank's Gym off Willow Road. The young woman was processing her application and Paige had been fascinated by her voice! She smiled as she recalled how the voice did not match her looks; the girl seemed to be about 5' tall and maybe 175-180 pounds. Paige almost said, "Wow, with your sexy voice, you could make a fortune on a phone sex site!" But she didn't; real estate agents couldn't afford to make a bad impression! 

Not that she had much to be concerned about; she was pretty sure that Jimmy had not only hired her for them being family and all, but also because she was very attractive herself. Again, it never hurts to make good impressions, and in a small town like Rochester, a pretty female agent was a huge plus! Paige was a pixie-petite redhead, 5' tall and just over 100 pounds, and even though her boobs were small, her legs were sexy as hell and her ass was...as Chad put it, "to die for!" She had lakewater-ish, blue-green eyes and a smattering of freckles; and most guys, when they met her; well, almost invariably a wicked little smile played at the corners of their mouths. She always wondered about that until Joey Macdonald, her best friend in high school, told her straight out; "Paige, that's their, 'Oh Goddd, I could soooo fuck HER' look!" Yes, four kids later she had to fight like crazy to maintain "that" look, and was succeeding! As these thoughts crossed her mind, Paige pulled to a stop in front of the condo. Instinctively she checked her make-up in the visor mirror and then opened the door. 

She had barely swung her legs out when that voice said, "Well, hi there! You must be Paige!"

The redhead stood, took one look at Marie, and froze! Okay, so it wasn't just the voice; THIS was what Jimmy meant! The goosebumps were chilling her all over, even her vocal chords were affected and she kind of croaked out, "Hell-o-o, Uhhh, yes? Ohh ye-ss, Uhh...Yess, I'm Paige...You're who-o again?"

Marie laughed a cheerful laugh, "I'm Marie, YOU'RE my real estate agent Paige Turner; you're going to show me some condos, remember? Did you see a ghost or something?"

The sorta joke made Paige snap out of it. "Uh, no...sorry!" She grinned, "You just startled me being right there as I got out." 

"So I better stop sneaking up on people, right?"

Paige laughed, "Oh God no, it's okay...but I'm awake now; thanks for calling the Hannigan team, Marie! I'm glad Mr. Hannigan gave me this assignment. We're going to have lots of fun finding you your new place!"

Marie looked at her new agent, and a wicked little smile settled at the corners of her mouth, "I'm sure we are! What say we get started?

Paige noticed the smile, and the goosebumps swept over her again! "Oh my God," she thought, "this is no attendant at Hank's Gym...oh HELL no!" Fumbling with the lock-box she pushed the door open and let Marie go first. They weren't even in the room for two seconds and it was apparent that this owner had a dog; and maybe more than one. The odor was pervasive and Paige remarked, "Eww, smell that? There's been a lot of 'doggie' going on in here!" She hadn't intended for this double entendre to slip out, but since her mind ran that way at times, it did!

The meaning wasn't lost on Marie either, "I love doggie! Don't you?" Paige blushed and Marie laughed and continued, "Didn't your boss tell you? I've just taken a position at the Henson Robinson Zoo; that's why I'm in town. Animals are my life! Do you own a dog?"

"We don't have room for a dog at my house. Four kids and my mother in a three bedroom house is pretty much enough."

Marie stared at her for a few seconds making Paige blush again, "And your husband?"

"Divorced. But I am engaged again; we haven't set a date yet though."

"I'm divorced too, and now I'm married to my work. No prospects at the moment, but I do enjoy 'dating,' if you know what I mean! Haven't had much time for it lately though."

Paige blushed again; she was a big blusher anyway. She kind of the liked the risque banter and Marie's easy-going manner, and as they walked through the condo, she could tell right away that this one would take some work. Two of the walls in the living area were fully mirrored and Marie immediately said that THAT wouldn't work. Paige was standing if front of one mirror and she happened to catch Marie checking her out from behind. Marie was smiling mischievously and her eyes were moving down like eyes tend to do when they are checking out someone's ass! 

This beautiful woman was checking out her ass? So she used the mirror to make her own assessment of this new client. Marie was a little taller than Paige; perhaps 5'4" Her figure was perfect, maybe she weighed 120; but no more than that. Her breasts didn't show much under the cute shirt she was wearing, a B-cup? Her hair was amazing. It was full and long, and framed her face beautifully. The red and violet highlights were gorgeous and her hair shimmered in the light from the chandelier. But her eyes, Wow! Pools of blue...sparkling with fun! 

Paige shivered and Marie noticed it. Their eyes met for an instant, and Marie grinned at her, "You are looking at me! You think I'm sexy, right?"

Goddd, this was the third time she caught Paige off-guard! "Sure, uhh...whatever! You're very beautiful!"

"Well so are you! Too bad you have to wear business formal today; the one thing about my job (that I hate) is the uniform. Yuck! I look terrible in brown!"

Paige thought, "I can't see this sweetie looking terrible in anything!" But out loud she said, "I like to look good for people when I'm working, but business is still business."

Marie ignored that and whipped around, "My butt looks best in jeans like these, don't you think?"

Paige laughed and said, "Good fitting jeans always bring out the best in a butt, that's for sure!" 

Marie was giggling now, "Your butt is nicer than mine, and I'm not being modest. And just so you know, I think you look so cute when you blush; hahaha...it's really easy to make you!"

"Wowww," said Paige jokingly, and she checked her watch. "You know what? We have two other condos to see today; how do you see this one?"

"It's okay, but nothing special. Shall we head out to the next one?"

Relieved that she had changed the subject, Paige said, "Great, let's go and you follow me to the next one, it's only about two blocks away."

The second condo wasn't much better, and the mystery of their earlier conversation was starting to fade. Everything that happened during the second condo tour was completely "normal." But when they headed out to their cars for the trip to the third address, Marie shifted the gears. "You know what, Paige? I'm tired and I'm hungry; let's skip the third one for today and pick it up tomorrow."

"Sure we can do that; I happen to know that the this third one won't make your short list anyway. I've shown it before and it's no better than these two...AND it's farther away from the zoo; I have some ideas we can explore; I'll do a little research tonight."

"That would be great, but you know what? I'm new here, maybe you could recommend a place to eat; something good...not fast-food."

"Manino's is good, very good food, and a nice variety on the menu. It's pretty close to here, just down the street."

Marie laughed that laugh again, "In this small town, EVERYTHING is just down the street!"

Paige smiled, "I guess that's true, but the good part of that being it won't take you long to figure out where everything is!"

Then Marie surprised her, "I don't know anyone in town either, maybe you'd like to join me for dinner...my treat, of course!"

Half of Paige was pleased; half of her was saying, "Go home and help your mother with the kids." Her curious half was whispering, "Yes, but your mother expects you to be late!" Her naughty side was saying, "This is weird, but you like it; let's see what this woman wants!" 

Her naughty side didn't always win...but this time it did. She knew that if she didn't go, her curiosity would eat her alive all night! Since it was a Tuesday, Manino's wasn't crowded; they got a corner table right away, and two Mai Tai's later they both were feeling pretty mellow. By the time they were half-finished, all the chit-chat bases had been covered. Both of them were divorced and Marie had a three year-old daughter back in Detroit. Her sister was watching little Michelle for the week while Marie went house-hunting. Paige was enthralled with her new friend's light-hearted manner, her terrific sense of humor; and best of all, Marie seemed completely unaware of how beautiful she was! And...That voice! Jesus! Paige was hypnotized by it. Once or twice she reflected back on a movie she had seen years ago; "Love Potion #9" with Sandra Bullock and Tate Donovan, where the potion affected the user's voice and everyone immediately fell supernaturally in love with the speaker. Paige thought of that and the goosebumps started again! 

She was lost in that reverie when Marie's voice broke through it, "Paige? PAIGE!"

"Huhh? Uhh, yes?"

Marie giggled, "Wow, where were you?"

"Oh, I..I'm sorry," Paige picked up her drink and took a sip, "Uh...I was just wondering if my mother was okay with the kids."

"Know what? You're a bad liar," said Marie with a smile, "That was no look of concern on your face, it was more like the look a girl has when she just got laid!" Paige choked at that one and water leaked out her nose. Marie was busting a gut now, "Was I right? Were you thinking about later tonight with Chad?"

That was nowhere near correct, of course, but now she didn't have to be honest. After twenty seconds of wiping her nose, she laughed, "Maybe I was, Ms. Smart Ass, not that it's any of your business!"

"Well, if we're going to be friends, you better know that I just say what I'm thinking...no beating around the bush with this bitch!"

Paige smiled again at Marie's choice of words; she knew right then and there that they were going to be friends. But there was another thought lurking underneath as well; what "kind" of friends was still to be determined. Her hormones were really stirring now, but she needed to get home. After agreeing to meet at 1:00 pm the next day, she climbed into her car and pulled out of the parking lot. Marie's looks, her questions, her teasing, and her seductive voice had pushed a lot of Paige's buttons for sure. Her body was tingling with desire and quickly accelerating toward flaming lust! 

Fortunately when she got home, her mother had gotten Jimmy and Jamie, the younger two children, to bed; Sophia and Olivia were in the living room watching TV. Taking off her jacket, she said, "Hi kids, how was your day?" Both girls looked up and Olivia gave her a "thumbs up" sign indicating they were engrossed in their show but couldn't talk. "Okay, good," Paige continued, "where's Grandma?" 

"Asleep," said Olivia, pointing over the back of the sofa toward the bedroom that Paige and her mother shared.

Paige smiled, "Oh my God," she thought, "this situation just might work out!" She looked in on her mother; sure enough, the lights were out and she could hear Mom breathing deeply somewhere in the darkened room. She slipped out onto the back porch and punched Chad's number.

He picked up on the second ring, "Hi Babe!"

"Hi Chad, where are you right now?"

"Home watching the ballgame; the Cubs are ahead by two with two outs in the ninth. Wade Davis looks sharp too!" 

"Can I come over for a minute; I'm feeling a little "needy!"

"Sure, what kind of "needy?"

"THAT kind of needy, do you think you could spare some of that big cock of yours?"

"Holy shit!" Chad's tone shifted quickly, "Hell yes, come on over!"

Slipping back into the house and picking up her purse, Paige said to the girls, "I forgot something at the store; be back in thirty minutes."

It was only six blocks to Chad's house; she tried not to speed. When he opened the door she quickly stepped into the foyer and leaned against the sidewall, drawing him against her. She was on fire! Paige's tongue was fighting for his almost immediately, and she grabbed at his ass pulling him against her tummy because she wanted to feel his cock grow hard there. She vaguely heard him murmuring into her mouth, "Ohhh Babyyy," but she ignored that. Taking just a second to unbutton her blouse, Paige pulled it open and Chad yanked her bra up over her tits! He started thumbing her rigid nipples as she humped against him. She didn't really want the kiss to ever end, but if he was going to eat her pussy; well, maybe it had to! Her fingers were laced together around his neck, and after maybe five minutes of grinding and kissing, she pulled away with a gasp. "Okay, c'mon...you big oaf! Don't just stand there, get down there and eat my pussy!"

Chad chuckled and dropped to his knees. Paige helped him get her skirt up, and Chad closed his mouth over her panties and pussy, sucking at her girl-slit right through the material. Paige had a hold of the top of his head and was sitting hard on his face! As his lips worked on her labia and clit, the heat in her climbed ever higher. In less than a minute a first orgasm tore through her center and ripped a series of groans from her throat! Then pushing him back enough to get her panties down, she pulled his face in again ordering him, "Do that again, Oh Goddd...puhleease!" Chad pushed back into her slit and sucked her clit between his lips! Sucking at it and tonguing it furiously he soon had her writhing through orgasm number two. "Ohhh Fuu..cc...kkk, Oh myyy Godd," she cried out as the spasms began to subside.

Chad was grinning and wiping his mouth, "How was that, Sweetie? You had enou..." 

He didn't get to finish that sentence, Paige interrupted him, "Fuck me...Goddd...fuck me now!" She whirled around with her face against the wall while Chad took down his jeans. Paige spread her legs and reached between them to help guide his eight inches into her tunnel. God, she loved his big dick! It split her open and Chad grunted through his first few thrusts. Paige was talking to him now, "Yess, ohhh, yessss Babyyy, YESSS! Fuck it! Fuck that pussy, Chaddieee..Oh my Goddd...Yesss! FUCK ME!!" Cum number three was working it's way up her legs, when all of a sudden she had a flash of a thought. "Marie! I bet Marie would love to watch this!" She turned her head as if half-expecting Marie to be standing there, giggling at her and urging Chad on! "Ohhh Fuuccckkk! " she cried and her orgasm detonated again! In her head, Marie was laughing!

Chad yelled and came too; his dick exploded deep inside her! His hands had been holding her hips, but now he was trying to brace himself with his hands on the wall over her head. "Holy Fuckkkk, Paige...Holyyy Shittt!" Paige literally sagged to her knees then; his jism leaking out of her and running down one thigh. 

That night Paige laid in bed for quite some time; she was feeling really good after the hot sex, but sleep was elusive. Why was she thinking about Marie at a time like this? She was very unsure of how to take this new person; but she was completely sure that she liked her a lot. And then, along about midnight a thought hit her and she got out of bed and went over to her desk. Opening the file containing all of her listings, she searched for the two bedroom house that had just come on the market...six doors down from her! The seller was in a hurry! "What am I doing? Am I crazy?" Yet the more she thought about it, the more she liked the idea; when she laid back down, she was gone in less than a minute.
