 It had been a long two weeks on the road, and Steve was tired...tired and ready to go home to relax a little. Only a couple of days left at the technology convention in Las Vegas. He was only there because he was the top sales executive in the company, and there was no one else that the president felt could do the job; at least not as well as he could. The company's sales had been sliding some, and the CEO, Mr. Rothenberg, was hoping to get a boost by having a display booth at the convention. So far, the plan seemed to be working out. UniTech put out quite a bit of money for a display that spanned an area that would have normally been taken up by two booths. It was an imposing setup with bold, dark colors, designed to suggest that UniTech would lead the technology world into the next generation. Mr. Rothenberg was convinced that Steve would be the one to pull it off and bring the company out of its slump. It didn't hurt that Steve had the gift of gab, and could sell just about anything.

The convention was winding down for the night, and Steve was starting to clean up the display, putting everything away for the evening. There were a few more people passing by, some to browse, and others to chat. Steve noticed that across the aisle at the end of the row, there was a booth belonging to one of their competitors, Tech-Diamond. They had a plot about the same size, with a similar setup, but then again, they were both technology companies. The main difference that caught Steve's eye was the stunning blonde woman working the booth. He didn't give her much thought. She was very beautiful but Tech-Diamond was a competitor, and therefore, the enemy.

After getting the booth cleaned up and put away for the evening, Steve decided to stop by one of the bars in the hotel to get a drink. He was staying at Caesar's Palace, and had the perfect place in mind. It was a bar near the shops... He couldn't remember the name, but he knew where it was. It was a quiet place where he could sit at the bar, enjoy a scotch on the rocks, and not be bothered. Tonight, he would probably have more than one.

He walked in and went straight to the bar. "Let me have a scotch on the rocks, and please make it a double." He had been in there nearly every night since the convention started nearly a week ago. He sat at the bar, sipping his scotch, swirling the glass from time to time, allowing the scotch to breathe, and going over the week's events in his head. He was preoccupied to the point that he hadn't noticed the beautiful blonde that walked in the door and sat down at the end of the bar. Suddenly, he had the odd felling that he was being watched, stared at. At first, he ignored the felling, but it got stronger; maybe it was just the scotch. He looked around the bar, trying to explain the strange sensation. There were only a few people in the bar; a couple near the door, another in the back, and a businessman that looked to be in his sixties at the opposite end of the bar. Then his eyes found her. By far, the most beautiful woman in the bar, and she was staring at him. He smiled at her, raised his glass as if to say hello, and went back to his drink and trying to come up with a strategy for the next day at the convention.

He pretended not to notice the woman as she got up from her seat and moved down the row of empty chairs, sitting down a seat away from him. "You're from UniTech, right?" The tone of her voice told him it was more of a statement than a question. "I saw you earlier in the week. Our booths are down the aisle from each other." 

"I know, I noticed you as well. Steve, nice to meet you." 

"Jaime. How's business at UniTech?" 

"Not too bad, how about Tech-Diamond?" 

"Oh, OK I guess. It could be better." 

Steve didn't care much for small talk and, right now, he had to remember that in spite of how gorgeous Jamie was, she still worked for the competition. 

"I really hate these conventions," Jamie continued, "I think the only reason they send me is because I'm a woman and they think they can push me around." Steve chuckled a little. "It's kind of degrading, really." 

"Why do you say that?" Steve asked. "I'm sure Tech-Diamond sent you because you are a very capable salesperson." 

"What does that mean?" Jamie asked. "I sensed a little sarcasm there!" 

"I just meant that you are a very beautiful woman, and I'm sure you're very smart, but if I were in charge of Tech-Diamond, I would send you to every show or convention because you're hot; you attract attention." 

"That's a terrible thing to say... I mean, thank you for the compliment, but I hope they sent me because I know our products, not because I 'attract attention'." 

"All I am saying is, if you worked for me, I'd send you to these things because our industry is made up primarily of men...men would rather talk to a good looking woman about products and services than another man. That's all."

They continued to talk for a while longer, taking turns buying the drinks. Steve learned that Jamie was single, and her job was her life. Other than their work, they didn't have much in common. They continued talking for several more hours, comparing the differences between their companies, and sharing a few laughs. It was nearly eleven o'clock when Jamie decided it was time for her to retire to her room. Steve agreed. They were both staying in the same tower at the Palace, Steve on the tenth floor, Jamie on the twelfth. "We can share a ride in the elevator; God knows I've had a little too much to drink to try to drive the elevator!" Jamie laughed, and pushed the elevator button.

The elevator doors opened, and they walked in, each pushing the button for their respective floor. They stood there in elevator car in an awkward silence, the door taking its sweet time to close, the tension between them building. As soon as the doors shut, Jamie turned to Steve and began kissing him passionately, wrapping her arms around his neck. Steve kissed her back, reaching down and grabbing her ass with both hands, squeezing tight and pulling her close to him, making sure she could feel his swelling cock, pulsating as it tried to escape from his pants. The elevator bell rang at the tenth floor. The door opened, they both ignored it. They stood there locked in their embrace, kissing each other, groping each other, exploring each other's mouth with teasing and playing tongues. The elevator bell rang at the twelfth floor and once again, the door opened and, just as it began to close, Jamie turned reaching an arm in front of the closing door, stopping its movement. They stumbled down the hallway together, still kissing and groping; feeling each other for the first time. They were outside Jamie's room, her back against the wall, still kissing and caressing each other through their clothes.

Jamie started to loosen Steve's tie as he pulled off his suit coat. As he fumbed with the sleeves, Jamie hunted furiously for the room key. She found just as Steve began to unbutton her blouse. They crashed through the door, Jamie pulling them toward the bed, clothes falling randomly on the floor as they passed through the short hallway. Jamie started to take off Steve's belt and unbutton his pants. Still kissing, Steve pulled Jamie's blouse down over her shoulders and, reached between the most perfect pair of C cup tits he had ever seen, he unclasped her bra. Cupping them in his hands and brushing the hard nipples gently with his thumbs. His pants dropped to the floor. Still kissing, Jamie reached down and rubbed Steve's throbbing cock with her hand. She pushed him backwards onto the bed, took off her blouse and bra, and tossed them at him. 

Jamie smiled and shook her head. "I'm not sure what I'm doing."

"What do you mean? I mean, I can leave if you want me too."

"No, I don't want you to go."

"Then what do you want?"

"I want to fuck. My pussy is aching to be fucked, but I'm not sure if I should do this."

Steve stood up. "Then I'll go. I don't want you to do something that you'll regret in the morning."

He was standing in front of her, nothing on but his boxers, her in nothing but a thong. There was silence. He wanted Jamie to change her mind, but what he meant what he said; he didn't want her to regret it. They stood there, the silence getting louder until Steve broke in, "I'll go." He bent down and started collecting his clothes. Jamie bent down with him, cupped her hands on his face, pulled him back up, and kissed him softly on the lips.

"Don't go," she whispered.

She kissed him again. Steve dropped his clothes and gently put his arms around her waist. Jamie held her firm breasts against his chest and began kissing his cheek...then his neck and down to his chest. Steve slowly lowered himself back down to the bed, Jamie following. As she made her way down his body, she reached into his boxers and gently freed his swollen cock, stroking it slowly. She continued kissing his chest and stomach until she could feel the head of his cock touch her chin. When it did, she knelt down and slipped the head into her mouth, still stroking the shaft slowly. She moved her tongue around the tip of Steve's cock, and tasted the pre-cum as it seeped from the head. Steve began to run his fingers through her hair, sweeping it over to one side so he could see his cock in her mouth. Jamie began to suck Steve's cock further into her mouth until inch by inch, she devoured it, and slowly rose up again until she held just the head between her lips. She slid his glistening shaft in and out of her mouth, slowly at first, then faster, pumping his cock with her hand at the same time.

"Slow down, you're going to make me cum."

Jamie looked up at him, "Maybe I want you too."

"Not yet."

Steve pulled her up and guided her onto the bed. Kissing her deeply, he rolled her onto her back. He moved from her neck to her shoulder, and to her left nipple, gently pulling her hair as he sucked it into his mouth, flicking it with his tongue. Jamie sighed. Steve continued to suck her supple tits while slowly moving his hands down the length of her body to her hips. He pulled her panties off and kissed down to her neatly trimmed mound, her pussy wet with anticipation.

Steve spread Jamie's legs and softly kissed the inside of her thighs, intentionally kissing around her pussy, never touching it. She arched her back and began running her fingers through Steve's hair. Every time he came close to her hard clit, she pulled just a little to let him know what she wanted. Steve moved his hands slowly up her thighs until his fingers reached her pussy lips. He gently spread them, exposing Jamie's throbbing clit, and kissed it softly, sucking it into his mouth and rubbing it in circles with his tongue. He pulled back until it popped out of his mouth. He began to lick her pussy, fucking her with his tongue, sliding it into her juicy hole and up to her clit, lightly flicking it. It didn't take long for Jamie to start to lose control. Steve sucked her clit into her mouth once more and she thrust her hips from the bed, held Steve's mouth against her soaking pussy, and released a gushing orgasm.

She held him against her quivering pussy for nearly a minute before she relaxed, allowing him to breathe again. Steve kissed his way back up to her tits, sucking on her nipples once more. Jamie giggled, and pulled him up to kiss him, tasting her juices in his mouth. "Are you going to fuck me now?" she asked him with a smile.

"How do you want me," Steve replied.

"Mmm, I want you to fuck me from behind...doggie-style," she told him.

She pushed him from on top of her, and rolled over onto her hands and knees, wagging her ass in front of him and looking back with a smile. Steve moved toward her, aiming his cock at her pussy. He rubbed the head of his cock along the length of her slit, making sure the head was wet with her juices, and let the shaft slide between her ass cheeks. He pulled back and inserted the tip of his throbbing dick into her cunt, slowly sinking in until his cock was buried in her pussy. He slowly pulled it back out, then back in, a little faster each time. Soon, he was pounding her madly, his balls slapping against her clit with each thrust.

"OH MY GOD!" she screamed, "SLAM THAT HUGE COCK INTO ME!"

He fucked her harder, slamming his cock into her as deep and as hard as he could. His balls were starting to tighten; Jamie could tell he was going to cum soon.

"Are you gonna cum?" she asked. "Fill me with your cum; fuck me...Fuck Me...FUCK ME!"

"Oh God, I'm cumming!"

Jamie pushed herself back onto his cock, holding it deep inside her. The head of his cock swelled, and then exploded, spilling his hot cum into her. Feeling his orgasm inside her was more than she could take; she let her's loose. She sat up on his cock, arched her back, and pulled his head to her shoulder. Steve complimented her embrace, his hands squeezing her firm tits; he kissed the base of her neck. They collapsed on the bed together. They held each other close, and fell asleep.

The sun poured into the room the next morning, but did not wake them until a little after nine thirty. Jamie woke first, and rubbed the sleep from her eyes. "OH MY GOD! What time is it!" She looked at the clock next to the bed; nine thirty-seven. "Holy SHIT! Steve, get up! Were late!"

"Late for what?"

"It's after nine thirty, the convention has already opened its doors, and there is no one at my booth! I have to go, NOW!"

"SHIT! There is no one at my booth either! I'm FUCKED!"

They got dressed as fast as they could. Steve didn't have time to go to his room, so he borrowed Jamie's tooth brush and the razor she used to shave her legs. They raced down the hall to the elevator, then to the exhibit hall where they frantically put out their brochures and trinkets for passersby to stuff into little bags; most of which would be thrown away. The rest of the day was spent with quick glances and smiles when their eyes happened to meet, or during conversations with others. Around one o'clock, Steve put a singn up that read "Back in 30 min.", so he could run out and grab a quick bite. He passed Jamie's booth on the way.

"Wanna get something to eat? I'm starving since we missed breakfast. I know where there is a pretty good sandwich shop nearby...UniTech is buying!"

Jamie smiled, "Well, since UniTech is buying, I guess I'll have to say yes."

"Good. This way, my dear." Steve tried his best to sound like some kind of movie star, and held out his arm. Jamie played along, smiled and curtsied, and they left together for some much needed food.

"I'm famished!" Jamie was hungry.

They each ordered a sandwich and a drink, then chose a table near the back of the small dining area where they could wolf down their food. They managed to get a few words in during the meal, but most of the time was spent eating. They finished their meals and headed back to the exhibit hall. Neither of them spoke of the night before, acting as if they were only acquaintances, not lovers.

Back in the convention hall, they continued their game; sneaking glances at one another and acting like teenagers. Each time one would catch the other; they would smile and quickly turn their heads as if they were ashamed that they had been caught. They continued this game for the rest of the afternoon until just after six o'clock, when it was time to clean up once again for the evening. The crowds were thinning, and people were leaving the hall to have dinner or to experience the nightlife of Vegas. Steve moved slowly, taking his time putting his props away, and leaving a few brochures on the small round table in the middle of the display. Jamie seemed to be playing a similar game, moving slowly but making sure to keep an eye on Steve. Jamie finished cleaning up first, and made her way over to Steve's booth.

"Any good prospects today?" she asked him with a hint of playfulness in her voice.

"Not really. I had some old guy that claimed to be the president of some big company that I've never heard of. I thought he might keel over any second, and I would have to do CPR or something."

"Yea, I know that guy, he stopped by my booth too. He said that if I sent him out some information when I got back to the office, he would place a big order. Then he rubbed his hand on my back and asked me what I was doing for dinner! I almost threw up and told him I had plans."

"Oh you do, do you? Who do you have plans with?"

"Well, I was kinda hoping to have dinner with you. That, is if you want too." Jamie was smiling from ear to ear, and playing with the buttons on Steve's shirt as if she were going to unbutton them and rape him on the spot.

"Oh! I don't know... There was this woman that stopped by my booth earlier. She left me a card with her cell phone number on the back. She said that if I called her around seven, she would show me a 'good time', then place an enormous order, but only if we had dinner. She was pretty hot too."

"Give her a call then, but she won't fuck you like I can..."

"How do you know? She looked pretty wild to me! How about I give her a call and see if she is into a three-some!"

"What makes you think I would be into that?"

"Who said I was talking about you?"

"Whatever...Let's go. I'm hungry and that sorry excuse for lunch didn't do much for me. This place has a really good Italian restaurant, I'll buy."

"Ok, you get the food, I'll get the wine. Deal?"

"Deal, but I need a shower first. How about we go get cleaned up. When I'm ready, I'll swing over to your room and pick you up."

"Sounds good, I'm in room 1014."

They walked each other to the elevator, and rode up to the tenth floor together where Steve got out. Just as he stepped out and the elevator doors began to close, he turned around and pushed his body between them. As they opened, he grabbed Jamie by the shoulders and kissed her deeply. "I've been wanting to do that all day," he told her as he stepped back into the hall. He stood there watching her as the elevator doors closed. He practically ran down the hall to his room. When he got there, he swung the door open and immediately stripped his clothes off and got into the shower. 

Now he was clean and dressed. Just in time for a knock at the door. When he opened it, he couldn't believe his eyes. There in front of him stood the most beautiful woman that he had seen in his life. "Are you ready?" she asked. He couldn't answer. 

Realizing that he looked like a teen-ager, he forced out an answer. "Uh, yep, let's go." He must have sounded like a kid on his first date. Jamie noticed.

"Are you OK?" she asked him, trying to lessen his obvious tension.

"Sure, why?"

"I don't know, you just seem a little nervous, that's all."

Lying through his teeth, he answered her. "Not at all, what makes you say that?"

"Nothing, I guess. You just seemed surprised or nervous, that's all."

"Well, I have to admit, you did surprise me a little back there. You look very beautiful tonight."

"Thank you." The elevator door opened, they stepped in. The doors closed, and they made their way to the ground floor.

Jamie did look absolutely beautiful, and Steve couldn't help but stare at her all night. She was wearing a skirt from a business suit, and a white blouse, no jacket. She had her hair down and had large, flowing curls, which weren't there during the convention. Her blouse was unbuttoned and open, her C cup tits practically spilling out of her bra for everyone to see. Her heels were a little higher that what she had been wearing earlier as well. When she was to be on her feet all day, she wore nothing that was taller than two inches; these were five.

They ate dinner and talked, laughing at each other's jokes. Dinner was followed with wine, and more small talk. They had desert, talked some more, and drank more wine. At about nine forty five, the waiter came over to their table to see if they would be requiring further service for the evening, and dropped off the check. They talked for a few minutes more, and decided to go for a walk on Las Vegas Boulevard. Walking slowly and holding hands, they went up the boulevard and watched the lights. When they reached the MGM Grand, Steve suggested that they hop on the train that runs up and down the strip; Jamie agreed, thinking it would be fun.
