 Dave and I had been colleagues for about three years. We were a team and an extremely good one at that. Working together so closely and for so long we'd built up a rapport that was almost telepathic, we almost always knew what the other was thinking. I'd sensed that something had been bothering him for a while, even before our last business trip. 

Dave and I worked in the 'dreaded' internal audit department of a large firm of accountants. Our job meant that every month we would spend two days visiting one of company's branches around the country, staying overnight at a hotel nearby. I guess you could say our working arrangements were convenient but they were always strictly business. I liked Dave, we got on really well together but that was it. He was in his early thirties, married with the typical two kids and a mortgage. I'd be lying if I said I didn't find him attractive and I admit that a certain amount of flirting went on (and not just by me) but we were friends and we had to work together and he was totally devoted to his family so that, as they say, was that. 

As I've said, I was sure something was bothering him but I figured that it wasn't really any of my business. If he'd wanted to talk to me about it he would've done. It made our trip a bit of a strain however. Instead of being his usual chatty, outgoing self Dave was unusually quiet and withdrawn. He was like that all during the first day of the visit and even over dinner that evening he had been somewhat distant. I did, however, get him to agree to meet up later in the bar for our customary drink and chat about the day's findings. 

I'd showered and changed and made my way down to the bar. Ordering a large glass of wine, I took my seat at an available table, lit a cigarette, opened my case and took out my papers to review while I waited for Dave to appear. 

I'd finished reviewing my first set of notes and was just lighting a second cigarette when Dave arrived about twenty minutes later. His face was drawn but he managed to smile as he asked me if I'd like another drink. He made his way to the bar and returned a few minutes later with our drinks. Pulling his seat closer to mine, he sat down and we proceeded to discuss the events of that day. 

It was probably the drink, but I finally worked up the courage to ask him what was on his mind. "Look Dave," I said, "I know it's probably none of my business, and I won't mind if you say so," I continued, "but I can't help noticing that you haven't been yourself lately. Is there anything wrong? Can I help in anyway?" I asked with concern obvious in my voice. 

Dave sighed, "I'm fine, Emma. Really I am." he said. "It's just, well, you know, things. Thank you for asking though. I should've guessed you'd have noticed." he added. 

"I couldn't help but notice," I said with wry grin. "Are you sure I can't help?" 

He shook his head, "It's nothing really. I just need to sort some things out. I'll be all right." 

I decided to let it drop. If Dave said it was nothing then it probably wasn't worth worrying about. We had few more drinks and Dave lightened up a bit. By the end of the evening he was almost his old self. All in all it was quite a pleasant evening. 

It was almost eleven when I decided to call it a night. It had been a long day and I was pretty tired. Dave walked me to my room and, as was our habit, he kissed me goodnight. The kiss was brief but yet strangely lingering at the same time. I was almost certain I caught a look of longing in his eye as I said, "goodnight," and closed the door. 

I sat down on the edge of my bed and lit a cigarette. Shaking my head as I inhaled deeply I thought to myself, don't be silly, you've had too much to drink and you're imagining things. And then, because I'd had too much to drink and my mind was already pointed in that direction, I did begin to imagine things. 

I leaned back and closed my eyes and suddenly, in my mind, Dave was there with me, kissing me, running his hands all over my body, slowly undressing me. I could almost feel his mouth softly kissing and sucking my breasts, his hands roaming all over my naked skin. Without even being aware of how it happened I found my fingers in my pussy, rubbing my clit as I imagined Dave's mouth feasting on my most sensitive flesh. 

I lay back, my legs spread wide and my imagination had Dave above me, his hands pinning my arms above my head, his cock gently teasing the entrance to my pussy. I drove two fingers into my cunt, picturing myself impaled on Dave's prick as he drove it into me with long, slow strokes. 

To say I was aroused was an understatement. My thumb pressed against my clit as my fingers plunged in and out of my cunt. My free hand slipped inside my blouse and worked its way under my bra. I teased my breasts as the fingers of my other hand pumped in and out. 

My eyes were closed but I could feel Dave above me, pinning me to the bed as his cock ploughed in and out of my pussy. My body writhed below him as a familiar warm glow spread over me. "Oh yes! Fuck me, fuck me hard!" I heard myself moan as I surrendered myself to the sensations rising from my throbbing clit. 

The pressure suddenly became too much to bear. I drove my fingers deep into my cunt, pressing my thumb firmly against my clit. My back arched, lifting my bum off the bed as my body shook uncontrollably. I was breathing hard. My heart beat like a hammer in my chest as my orgasm gripped me. The sensations quickly became to much to bear and I pulled my fingers from my cunt. Lifting them to my lips, I sucked them into my mouth, savouring the taste of my juices as I slowly licked them clean. 

I may have dozed off, I can't quite remember, All I can recall is suddenly sitting up with a start as I became aware of a knocking at my door. "Emma, it's me, Dave. Can I come in?" came the voice. I shook my head, stood up and tried to make myself look presentable before I opened the door. 

"Dave, what is it?" I asked 

"I'm sorry Emma," he said, "I just need to talk to someone. Do you mind?" 

"No, not at all. Come in. Sit down." I said. 

Dave sat down on the edge of my bed. I closed the door and sat down next to him. "What is it?" I asked. He seemed close to tears. 

It's Heather." he said with a sigh. "I've recently found out that she had a fling with someone else." 

"Oh Dave, I'm sorry," I said, "When did it happen?" 

"About three months ago," he replied, "although I only found out a few days ago." 

"I'm really sorry," I said, aware of just how inadequate it sounded. "How long had it been going on?" 

"Apparently, just the once." he replied, "Seemingly it was a guy she used to work with. She bumped into him when she was away on one of her work trips. He's emigrated to Australia since then so there was never any opportunity for it to happen again." 

"But why?" I asked. I was outraged. I couldn't understand why Heather could have wanted more than Dave. 

"It's a bit of a long story." He said with a rueful shrug. "We've been together a long time. I was her first. Not her first boyfriend, but the first she'd ever slept with. I guess that as the years went by she began to regret not having experimented more when she was younger. It wasn't that she resented the fact that I'd slept with other women before her, she just wished she'd had a bit more experience." 

"Well, I said doubtfully, "I can sort of understand her feeling that way but that still doesn't really explain why." 

"It's easy, I guess," he said. "for the last seven or so years she's been too busy. First with her job, then with being a wife and then, more recently a mother. When, despite all that, someone she knew and liked still found her attractive it did wonders for her self-confidence. Imagine how you'd feel if you hadn't had a decent offer in as long as she had?" 

"Yeah, I suppose. But I'm not married," I responded. 

"She just went too far. She was vulnerable, he came on to her and she responded." 

"And you accept that?" I asked. 

"I'm trying to," he said, "but it's not easy. Maybe if we didn't still love each other it would be easier, but we do and it isn't." 

"You poor man," I said, putting my arms around him and pulling him close. "I'm sorry, I really, really am." Then I kissed him. It was meant to be a sympathetic peck just to show I cared, nothing more. Instead it became passionate. Dave responded to my touch, pressing his lips firmly against mine. Suddenly he broke away. "Emma... I can't... I mean I shouldn't... I'm sorry, I..." 

"Ssh!" I said putting a finger to his lips. "It's all right. I want this," I purred softly, "don't you?" 

"Well yes, I mean no, I mean... Oh damn Emma, yes I want it but not like this. There's still Heather..." 

"But she's not here," I said, cutting him off. I kissed him again, running my hands over his chest. "She did it to you, now I'm giving you the chance to do it back. It need only be this once. I don't want to come between you two. It might even help you get your head round things." 

I cut off any further protests with another kiss. There was an almost audible snap as the last barriers of his resistance crumbled and he began to respond with increasing passion. As we kissed my fingers deftly unbuttoned his shirt, revealing a firmly muscled chest. I let my fingers explore and gently caress his skin as our lips pressed ever more firmly together. 

"Oh Emma," he moaned softly then began to nuzzle my neck. I felt him begin to undo my blouse. His hands slipped inside to cup my breasts, still contained inside the soft, silky material of my bra. Dave began to kiss the swell of my breasts. As he did, I reached behind my back to release my bra clasp. Then I struggled out of my blouse, still kissing and nibbling his neck as his tongue licked over the exposed area of my breasts. With my blouse lying crumpled on the bed, Dave pushed the straps of my bra down over my shoulders. It fell away. "Oooh," I gasped as he ran the flats of his hands over my nipples, teasing them gently between his fingers. 

Dave dipped his head to lick and suck on my tits. A warm feeling began to spread over me as my hands fell to his lap and began to undo his trousers. I gasped as Dave cupped my breasts in his hands and gently nibbled on my nipples. 

I finally released his cock from its confinement. I was immediately impressed by its size. Not so much by it's length, although it must have been a good 8", but Dave has one of the thickest cocks I've ever seen, and I've seen a few in my time. Even in my mind I hadn't imagined that Dave could have been so well equipped. How could Heather have possibly wanted more than what her husband had to offer. Remembering that this had been the first cock that she had ever had inside her, I realised that she was even luckier than she knew. I knew I simply had to have it in my pussy. I only hoped that Heather hadn't been too disappointed by what her colleague had been able to provide. Maybe she'd realise she was on to a good thing. 

I managed to disentangle myself from Dave and slid off the bed, positioning myself between his legs. I took his cock in my hand and leaned forward. I ran my tongue up his shaft. "Oh Emma," he sighed as my tongue swirled around its head and lightly flicked over the slit at its tip. I licked my lips then opened my mouth as wide as I could. I stretched my lips around his thick shaft and slid as much of him as I could into my mouth. Dave sighed as I worked my lips up and down, sucking hard as his cock slid in and out of my mouth. 

Try as hard as I could, I was only able to suck his cock for a few minutes before my mouth began to ache. Reluctantly I let it slip from between my lips. Leaning forward, I pressed myself against him. Dave's cock nestled between my breasts. Pushing them together, I began to rub them up and down the length of his shaft. 

"Oh Emma, that's good," sighed Dave as I wanked him with my tits. 

"Glad you think so," I replied. 

I squeezed my nipples as I worked my breasts up and down the sides of his prick. At the bottom of each stroke the tip of his cock was directly in front of my mouth. I flicked my tongue over it, bringing appreciative gasps from Dave's mouth. 

Up and down, over and over, his cock slid along my cleavage. Drops of pre-cum oozed from his cock and I lapped them up eagerly, savouring their hot, salty flavour. 

"Oh Emma!" he groaned as his cock throbbed between my breasts. "I can't take any more," he moaned, "I have to cum." 

My soaking pussy throbbed, crying out to be filled with Dave's cock. I realised however, form the way his breath came in gasps and the way that his cock twitched between my breasts that he was too close to boiling point and the hard, satisfying fuck that I craved would have to wait. I smiled up at him. "Cum in my mouth," I said softly before wrapping my lips around the head of his cock once again. 

I sucked hard, flicking my tongue over the sensitive slit as I began to wank him with one hand. As my fingers pumped up and down I gently squeezed his balls with my free hand. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh Emma!" he moaned as his cock began to twitch even more violently. I felt Dave's body stiffen. His fingers clutched the edge of the bed, his knuckles turning white as he struggled to hold back as long as possible. I felt his balls contract. With my fingers wrapped around his shaft I felt his cum surge up through his cock. I let my mouth go as slack as possible just as the first jet of his hot sperm erupted into my mouth. 

I swallowed quickly as a torrent of cum pumped out of Dave's cock and into my hungry mouth. Jet after hot, sticky jet shot over my tongue as I endeavoured to swallow it all. 

The flood eventually slowed to a trickle My fingers milked the last remaining drops of cum from his cock. I let it collect in my mouth, savouring its flavour before swallowing it down. My jaws ached as I let his cock slip, finally, from between my lips. Dave smiled down at me. "Fuck Emma, that was wonderful," he said. "You've no idea how much I needed that." 

I smiled back. "Glad to have been of service," I said as I got up and sat next to him on the edge of the bed. 

Dave kissed me lightly on the cheek. "And now," he said, "I guess I should repay the compliment." He kissed me again, gently pushing me backward until I lay flat out on the bed. Dave kissed his way down my neck, along my shoulder and down to my tits. As his tongue licked over their surface, his hands moved down and began to pull at the waist of my skirt. I raised my hips slightly, letting my skirt be pulled down past my bum. it was only then that I remembered that my knickers were already lying somewhere on the floor, discarded during my earlier tryst with my fingers. 

Dave smiled as my neatly trimmed pussy was revealed. I smiled back. Opening my legs, I exposed my smooth lower lips to his gaze. I ran a finger between my hot, wet labia. My body squirmed involuntarily at the contact my juices coated my finger. 

Dave grabbed my hand and raised my finger to his lips. He seemed to savour the taste as he sucked my finger into his mouth. "Mmm Emma, you taste delicious," he said. Before I could muster a reply Dave moved between my legs and lowered his face to my pussy. 

"Ohhh mmm," I sighed as his tongue slid between my moist lower lips and licked along the length of my slit. He flicked his tongue over my clit, sending bolts of pleasure shooting through me before beginning a leisurely exploration of my pussy. I squirmed with pleasure as is tongue probed every fold of my cunt. I moaned as he sucked gently on his labia. His touch was soft and sure, almost like a woman's and I savoured the sensations Dave was giving me. 

My body writhed with pleasure. I began to play with my breasts, cupping them in my hands and squeezing my nipples as Dave's tongue expertly drove me towards my climax. 

He sucked my clit between his lips and began to flick his tongue over its tip. I felt a familiar warm glow begin to spread from my pussy to engulf my entire body. The walls of my cunt began to contract and I bit my lip as I held on, letting the pressure grow. 

Dave's mouth drove me onwards. I began to whimper softly. My body craved the release of my impending orgasm. Desperately, I held back, trying to prolong the pleasure as Dave feasted himself on my pussy. The contractions in my cunt spread to my womb, becoming stronger and stronger with every stroke of Dave's tongue and still I held back, denying myself the release my body demanded. 

Dave's tongue beat relentlessly against my throbbing clit. I squeezed my tits together, pinching my nipples as my hips began to buck. I felt as if I was going to explode as I held on with every ounce of my will. My head tossed from side to side, the contractions in my cunt and womb increased in intensity, my clit throbbed unbearably, it seemed like every nerve was on fire. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh, mmmm," I moaned as the pressure became to much to bear. As Dave sucked my clit into his mouth once more, I let go. My back arched, my body shook, "Oh yesss!" I moaned as I surrendered myself to my inevitable climax. 

Wave upon wave of pleasure washed over me as my orgasm took hold. Every touch of Dave's tongue sent another bolt, like an electric shock, coursing through me. "Oh fuck! Oh yesss!" I moaned as my climax rose to it's peak. Unable to control my violently trembling body, I somehow managed to give voice to my desire. "Fuck me," I cried, "I want to feel you inside me. Oh fuck me, Dave. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" 

With my eyes closed I sensed Dave move up my body. The tip of his cock pressed against my entrance. The anticipation was intense and I struggled to make myself relax. "Oooh!" I cried as I felt the head of Dave's cock press into me. My cunt stretched to accommodate him as slowly, inch by wonderful inch, he joined his body with mine. I opened my legs wider, pulling my knees up to let him in deeper. I could feel his cock filling me, stretching my cunt as he slid deep inside. 

Dave kissed me. "Oh Emma that feels good," he sighed as he began to move his hips. His cock slid in and out of my pussy with long, slow strokes. He wasn't a heavy man but he pinned me to the bed as he drove his wonderful cock into me. My fingers dug into the skin of his bum, urging him to fuck me harder. My cunt felt deliciously full as Dave's cock pounded in and out, faster and harder with every thrust. I began to move my hips so that I met him on the deepest part of his stroke. The walls of my cunt stretched and flexed around his shaft as our bodies moved together. 

We rolled over. I sat back and began to ride his dick, moving my hips up and down, impaling myself on him over and over again. He reached up to play with my tits, squeezing my nipples as my cunt slid along his shaft. I leaned forward until my breasts bobbed in front of his face. 

I began to lose myself to the sensations once more. The walls of my cunt tightened around his thick shaft as I rode his cock with growing abandon. "Oh Dave! You feel so good inside me!" I breathed as I surrendered myself to my second orgasm. "Fuck me!" I cried, "Oh Dave, fuck me hard!" 

We rolled over once more. My body shook as Dave plunged into me. Every thrust making me cry out for more. "Yes! Oh Dave, yessss!" I moaned as I gripped his bum, trying to push him in deeper still. 

I pulled my legs back, resting my feet against his arse as he fucked me with increasing urgency. The feelings were so intense I had to bite the pillow to stop myself from crying out. My hands reached up to play with my breasts once again, increasing my pleasure as Dave's cock continued its relentless pounding of cunt. 

My body was on fire. My passion peaked again as Dave thrust into me with merciless intensity. He was breathing hard and his balls slapped against me with every stroke. He was getting close. I flexed my cunt against his cock as I prepared myself to receive his sperm. 
