 It wasn't too long after we started experimenting with adding other people into our sex life that I was asked to go to New York City with a client to look for condos in Manhattan. Usually I wouldn't do such a thing: one, I do not hold a NY real estate license and two, I don't know the market, but this particular client is both a celebrity who has brought me a lot of business over the years - buying 4 houses through me in LA - and also recommended me to many of his friends and that has led to a lot of money for me over the years. So I agreed to accompany him for three days to the East Coast and help him make a decision.

We were greeted at JFK by his NY realtor. I was a little surprised by the fact he was only 25 years old. This is high dollar real estate we were looking at for a high profile client. I was not as surprised that Stephen was incredibly attractive and dressed in a $3,000 suit. Since I was not officially working, I was dressed in what I call "sexy conservative" - this day was red 5" patent pumps, black leather skinny pants, a red satin cami and a black cashmere cardigan over top to maintain the professionalism. 

Our first day was not very successful as we found nothing that remotely interested the client, but Stephen got to figure out a little better what he was looking for and Stephen and I had a little bit of fun lightly flirting and getting to know each other. We went to dinner at Le Bernadin and Stephen promised to do some homework tonight and we'd have a much more successful day tomorrow.

The second day was a lot better. Stephen had really listened and although we did not find "the" place, he was close and I knew he would get there day three. I could also tell Stephen was paying more attention to me. That day I was dressed in 5" black patent pumps, black satin capri pants, a green satin blouse and a black leather blazer. 

Day 3 my mind was wandering. I was starting to think about Stephen and what might be hiding underneath those designer suits. I was dressed straight up sexy this day - those same black pumps, tight black leather pencil skirt that came just above the knees (no slit, no give and you couldn't fit paper between my ass and that skirt), white satin blouse opened to show just a little bra if your view was right and my strand of pearls and my black leather blazer on top. After looking at 8 places, our client decided to put an offer in on the the first place of the day. He'd given me instructions on how to structure the offer and so he left to party with friends on the last night while Stephen met me at the hotel for dinner and to go over the offer.

I don't remember when I got the idea, but I decided I was going to fuck Stephen. I stayed professional and we finished the offer over cocktails and then decided to have dinner together anyhow. We quickly got personal, he asked about LA, I asked about NYC. He talked about an endless string of girlfriends and I talked about my husband. 

Somewhere near the end of the entree I started flirting pretty heavily. I kept touching him more, playing with my hair, all the usual girl tricks. He asked about dessert and I suggested that we head to the hotel bar for a drink instead and he agreed. The check came and as he took care of the check, I slipped off to the little girls room.

Once in the bathroom, I quickly dialed my husband's cell phone. He answered and was happy to hear from me. I asked him where he was and he said he was still at the office (7:30 in LA) and that he was the last one there. This made me happy. I told him to stay put, close the office door and in one hour, log into Skype - I had a surprise for him. He was excited and promised to be logged in at 8:30. 

I met Stephen at the table and we walked to the hotel bar - he ordered an Old Fashioned and I ordered a Chopin martini. Now, as we were standing at the bar, I started getting more physical. I reached around and touched the small of his back, slid my hand down to his ass and gave it a little squeeze. He was a little surprised - I think he figured me being married I was just having a little flirty fun out of town but I straight up said to him, "Why don't we finish our drinks and head up to my room?"

"Uh, um, but you're married."

"About that.." I said, "My husband actually approves of me sleeping with other men. He's discerning, he doesn't want me sleeping with just anyone, but if they're sexy, fit, handsome and preferably have a large cock, he gets off on watching me."

"Uh, is he upstairs?" He asked me nervously.

"No, but I was going to call him on Skype. He's in his office in LA."

"I don't know."

I moved my hand down and grabbed his cock, which I was happy to find thick and hard as a rock. "You know you want to, I can feel it."

"Well, you're very sexy, but this is kind of weird to me. I've never done anything remotely kinky."

"Why don't you come upstairs, let me make you comfortable and you can leave at anytime?"

He looked at me for a long time, my hand rubbing his bulging hard on and finally he said, "Okay, but I'm going to need another drink."

I smiled and gave that cock a good squeeze and said, "I have a bottle of 21 Year Old Glenlivet upstairs, will that do?"

"All I need is an ice cube" he said.

With that we went up to the room. No words were said the entire time and he didn't even try to touch me in the elevator. He was nervous as all hell. Honestly, it was a little bit of a turn on. He obviously found me attractive and the fact he was nervous about it was cute.

We walked into the hotel room and I motioned for him to sit in the lounge chair. I took my blazer off and hung it up. I walked over to the bar and poured two glasses of Scotch with one ice cube each. I brought it to him and sat on the ottoman across from him. I spread his legs apart and squeezed my legs in between them. As we sipped our Scotch, I used my other hand to rub up and down his thigh and felt that cock throb in my hand through his pants. He was too nervous to say a word. 

I went over and opened my laptop and logged into Skype. John was already logged in. I video dialed him and pointed the camera away from the chair. Soon enough, he popped up.

"Hey baby" he said.

"Hi. Like what I wore today?" as I stood up and took a step back and took a couple spins.

I saw him lean back in his desk chair and unleash his beautiful cock and start to stroke it. "Fuck. You know I love it when you wear leather and satin. Is that my surprise?"

"Nope." as I smiled and spun the camera around to the chair where Stephen was sitting. "This is Stephen. And what you are about to see is your surprise. Make sure to yell if we end up out of frame."

His jaw dropped and he swallowed hard. We'd never done this before. He was always close by. He was always in control, but not this time. 

I walked over to Stephen, grabbed his drink and sat it down and took off his shoes and socks. I had him stand up. I got on my knees and rubbed his cock. Now, Stephen groaned a little. I slowly unbuckled his belt as I stared right into his eyes. I unbuttoned and unzipped his trousers... slowly. I let them drop to the floor. I rubbed his cock through his boxer briefs and purred. Then I slowly pulled down his underwear and pushed them down to his ankles. I got below his cock and looked up at it, "Oh my Stephen. What a gorgeous, thick cock. I am going to have fun with this." He shook with nerves just a bit.

It was not that long, 5", possibly 6" at the most, but it was good and girthy. I grabbed it with my hand and started to slowly stroke it as I licked his balls and his taint. Stephen moaned again and rolled his head back. I was worried he was going to cum pretty fast so I needed to pace myself. I turned and positioned his cock by the side of my face and looked John in the eyes. John looked mortified a little but he was stroking that cock pretty fast. 

With John now on board, I turned and licked the precum off of Stephen's cock and slid my bright red lips all the way down his shaft, licking his balls with his cock in my mouth. I could tell no one had done this to him before by his reaction. I sucked hard but I sucked slow, using a lot of tongue and working his shaft plenty because I didn't want him cumming in my mouth (not yet anyhow) and I wanted to feel that cock inside my pussy which was already very, very wet.

I decided to give him a break and I got up, hiked my skirt up and pulled down my panties and laid back on the bed. "Eat my pussy Stephen. Be a good little boy and I will reward you." 

He walked over to the bed and leaned into kiss me first, it was short and somewhat awkward, but I grabbed his tie and said, "Eat my pussy Stephen."

He dropped to his knees, John with a full view of the back of his head as he approached my freshly shaven and swollen pussy. I pulled on the tied to pull his head into me and he began licking me very fast - too fast. "Slow down Stephen, we have all the time in the world."

He slowed down and I shifted my hips to help him out. He was either very inexperienced of so nervous he couldn't think straight. I hoped I would cum because I knew he wouldn't last 30 seconds inside me. He got better as I think he started to appreciate the situation and he wanted to impress me. I let go of the tie and ran my fingers through his hair and started grinding my pussy into his mouth until I found the right spot and then bingo - between his licking and me rubbing myself on his face I started to approach an orgasm. I reached down and rubbed my clit with my finger to help him out and I put on my best Meryl Streep and began moaning like he was King Pussy Licker. Soon enough, I got myself off and I shook and bucked and screamed like the little cock loving slut I am.

Stephen actually stopped and said, "Uh, did you cum?"

I smiled at him and said, "Yes baby, I did. Take off the rest of your clothes for me." 

He did as he was told and he was well built. He could have been a male model, he was beautiful and ripped. I removed my blouse and bra and spread my legs for him. "Don't cum too fast baby, we need to put on a show for my husband."

"Do you um, have a condom?"

"Good boy. Reach into my purse and there should be a box right on top. He went over and looked inside and found the 3 pack of Trojans I had bought earlier in the day when I thought maybe, I might decide to fuck him.

He was still a little anxious, but unrolled the condom onto his pulsating prick and crawled on top of the bed and tried to enter me. I guided him in and pulled him on top of me. "Oh my god, you feel so good," he said.

"Slow down tiger. Okay?" He nodded and began to thrust his cock inside me. He was certainly better at this than he was at eating pussy but it also helped he had such a thick cock to hit me on all sides. I reached around and grabbed his ass so I could feel his balls slap my taint when he went deep and dug my nails into his ass when I felt it. 

I wanted him in several positions in order to put on a show for John and I wanted things to last at least 10 minutes so I decided to change positions often. I pushed him off of me an pushed him on his back. I got on top of him reverse cowgirl so I could face the laptop. As I started to ride Stephan's cock I began to talk to John. 

"Like what you see baby? Me with this young hard cock inside me, riding him in my leather pencil skirt hiked up over my ass like a little whore?"

I think he was trying to say yes, but it came out as, "Uhhhh."

"You know how good it feels to have a 25 year old cock inside me? Oh fuck, it's so HAAAARD and I can feel every vein as he slides in and out of me."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah baby it's so fucking good."

I turned to Stephen, "Get up and fuck me from behind like the little cheating whore that I am. Grab that leather skirt and fuck me hard until I fucking cum."

He did as he was told. He got up, I got on all fours facing the camera and as Stephen entered me I moaned like I'd never felt cock like that before, like I was getting fucked like I had never been fucked before. Every thrust elicited a grunt or a squeal from me until my acting got the better of me and I actually did cum again. Stephen felt the walls of my pussy vibrate and clamp down on his cock and he let out a "Oh fuck, oh oh fuck. Oh Nikki, oh oh fuck!" and he rammed me hard and shuddered. 

I laid down, him still inside me and said, "Keep thrusting, but slow."

Stephen started moving inside me again and I looked at John. "Stroke it for me baby. I want you to cum for me."

He began pumping his cock harder and harder.

"That's it, I want to see that cum. That's my cum, give it to me."

And with that he squirted all over his desk. One good long shot, then another, and then another. Two short squirts before two more long squirts and then it still oozed out the end of his cock as he laid back in the chair, sweating and out of breath. 

I rolled out from under Stephen and pulled his condom off which was completely full of cum. I sat on the desk chair in front of the computer and poured Stephen's cum all over my tits and rubbed it in with my left hand. I moved my right hand to the track pad on the laptop and said, "I'll be home by 10 am tomorrow morning. I know you'll be waiting for me." And then I disconnected the call.

Stephen was lying there out of breath. I told him it was time for him to go, he had an offer to submit first thing in the morning. He reluctantly agreed and got dressed and left.

I wore that same skirt home the next day. My husband was naked in bed when I got home and he straight up attacked me and fucked me stupid. The enthusiasm was wild and I came more than 10 times in the next hour as he was just relentless. Finally he unloaded the biggest load of cum I'd seen in awhile straight into my mouth and I sucked until I was sure nothing was left and swallowed his tasty cum. 

We flopped back on the bed and he said, "I fucking love you. And though I can't explain it, watching you be a little slut makes me so fucking horny I can't stand it."

"I love doing it because it's risky, taboo and exciting but mostly because of the epic fucking I always get from you afterwards. Other guys are a lot of fun, but you're the best fuck ever."

***

My client emailed me 2 days later to tell me his offer was accepted and I sent Stephen a courtesy note for doing such a fantastic job with our client. I never mentioned the sex.

He emails me often, asking me when I am returning to NYC and I keep telling him I don't like NYC. I'm a West Coast girl. He's now talking of flying to LA for the weekend but I think I'll coincidentally take John out of town for the weekend. 

Boys look good, but they can never fuck like a man.