 I knew Krista pretty well through work. Her company was often a sub to my company, so we ended up in a lot of meetings together and had to coordinate a lot of our respective work. I found her attractive, but I don’t know that I would have given her a second look passing her on the street if I hadn’t known her. She had a sort of bohemian engineer look going on: lots of long, thick, black hair, long flowing skirts and bulky sweaters or oversized shirts. I could tell she had big breasts and I’d looked closely enough to determine that her ass was nice, if not a little bit wide. I wasn’t sure I could see myself dating her, but I sure wouldn’t have minded hitting the rack with her, if you know what I mean.

With no ulterior intentions, I invited Krista to ride with me and Tom, one of my coworkers, down to Alamosa for a two day project meeting. It was a four hour drive, so I didn’t figure everyone would want to drive down separately. We planned to meet after work on Tuesday and head down after the evening rush hour. As fate would have it, Tom ended up canceling at the last minute and driving himself down Wednesday morning. That left Krista and me with four hours to get to know each other better.

We had a lot of fun on the drive down to Alamosa, talking about the project and ourselves, laughing at each other’s anecdotes. We weren’t falling in love or anything like that, just getting to be better friends. We got to our hotel around 10pm and our meeting started at 8am on Wednesday but I knew after that long drive I’d be too wound up to sleep, so I decided to take a swim in the indoor pool. I changed into my swimsuit and padded barefoot back to the center of the building where the lobby, pool and lounge were all located. Rooms that didn’t have an outside view looked into the pool area.

I was happy to see that the pool was open until 11pm and was currently not being used. I lowered myself into the deep end, which wasn’t very deep, and slipped under the water. I swam slowly beneath the surface for as long as I could hold my breath, feeling the warm water loosening up my limbs and back. I emerged from the water and gulped down some air while paddling lazily around. I heard the gate to the pool area slam shut and turned to see who dared to disturb my relaxation, hoping it wasn’t children. I was pleasantly surprised to see Krista sporting a solid black one piece bathing suit with her hair all pulled up on top of her head.

“I saw you from my window,” she said, pointing toward the second floor, seeing that she had my attention. “It looked very relaxing so I thought I’d join you.”

She set her room key near mine and walked down to the shallow end of the pool, giving me time to appreciate her body. I was right that her ass was just a little big, but her tits looked so fine and her waist was actually quite small. Her neck looked longer with her hair up and I had a sudden urge to kiss it from her collarbone up to her ear. The water was warm enough that she was in up to her neck pretty quickly and making her way through the water toward me.

I was just hanging on the side treading water and she did the same, commenting on how relaxing it was. I told her I was feeling the same and slipped under the water again. I swam around for a bit then came back over by her. As we talked I was getting a good vibe from her; just the way she was looking at me made me feel like she was feeling pretty into me and I noticed she seemed to be moving closer and closer to me.

Finally, at a point when our heads were practically touching and there was a momentary lull in the conversation, we seemed to have the same idea as we each tilted our heads in opposite directions and moved our faces together. I closed my eyes as our lips touched and brought one arm around her while holding the edge of the pool with the other. She also held onto the side of the pool while wrapping her other arm around my neck and pulling me against her with her legs. The passion of the moment was giving me a hard-on, which I knew she’d be able to feel, but I didn’t care. I could tell she was aware of it when she began to ever-so-slightly push herself against it.

It suddenly occurred to me that any of our coworkers might be looking down on us if they had a pool view room, so I opened my eyes and looked over Krista’s shoulder. There was someone spying on us, but luckily it wasn’t anyone I’d ever seen before. I broke our kiss and whispered to Krista that I was going to turn her around to see our audience. She casually glanced up and, seeing him, suggested we adjourn to the privacy of her room.

We crossed to the stairs and climbed out of the pool, grabbing a couple of towels from the pile. We dried off quickly and headed out of the pool enclosure. I followed Krista to her room, keeping constant watch for anyone we might know. She opened her room and I followed her in, stopping at the foot of the bed as she went to turn down the air conditioning. She shook her hair out as she crossed back to me, allowing it to cascade over her shoulders. Our arms went around each other and we began making out again, my hard-on quickly returning.

My hands were on her ass, pulling her against the bulge in my swimsuit, but she backed up just slightly and her hands went to my waistband. She pulled it out slightly and found the knotted drawstring, which she started untying. She pulled a little bit further away and looked down to see what she was doing. Once untied, she pulled on the elastic to loosen it up and, as she slid my swimsuit down, lowered herself down as well so that she was on her knees as she helped me step out of it. I wasn’t completely hard yet, but Krista took care of that by sliding her hot mouth up and down my shaft a few times.

Once she was satisfied that I wasn’t going to get any harder, she released me and suggested that I lay on the bed. I crawled to the head of the bed and lay on my back, my dick like a flagpole, and watched her. Facing me, she began pulling down the straps of her swimsuit one at a time. She managed to pull both arms out without her boobs coming out, then pulled the top down so that both were exposed at the same time.

They were magnificent – big and round with large pink aureoles and hard nipples. The swayed as she continued to push her swimsuit down, exposing her flat, smooth stomach. As it approached her hips, I was expecting at any moment to see her bush. I guess for some reason I had convinced myself that with a head of hair as thick as she had, her bush would be similarly thick. She kept pushing down and I kept waiting until I finally saw her slit and realized that she was completely shaved! I think I said something like “Oh, sweet” and Krista looked up at me, smiling, while the swimsuit slid to the floor. She then crawled toward me up the bed, her big tits swinging, and paused to suck my cock a few more times.

Again certain that I wasn’t going to get any harder, she crawled further up and reached behind her to guide me into her smooth pussy. I immediately went to work on her tits, holding them steady while I licked and sucked her hard nipples. The heat, the tightness and the slickness of her pussy combined for the most incredible feeling on my cock. As she slid slowly up and down, her eyes closed and soft moaning escaping from her lips, I thought I had never felt a pussy so amazing. She started out slowly, her moans long and low, but while I was licking and sucking her nipples, she very gradually picked up the pace.

The friction on my cock was indescribable and I was soon raising my hips to meet her on the way down, our flesh smacking together. I let go of her tits, which were soon swinging wildly above me, and reached down to hold her ass. Her noises and her breathing were coming in short gasps now, building to a crescendo. Finally, she seemed to suddenly go into slow motion as tremors wracked her body and her pussy was flooded with a fresh flow of juices. She continued to slowly ride me as she rode out her orgasm and I just waited her out.

When she finally opened her eyes and smiled down at me, picking up the pace of her fucking again, I pulled her down against me and kissed her gently. Then, in one smooth move, I was on top of her and she was looking up at me, surprised. I started fucking her now, not starting out so slowly as she had. I leaned down and made out with her as my cock slid in and out of her smooth pussy, my own orgasm well on its way.

She was now raising her hips to meet me on the way down, moaning into my mouth as our tongues intertwined. There was no way to, and no reason to, hold out while fucking her amazingly hot, tight pussy so I just enjoyed the feeling of it wrapped around my cock as I pumped in and out until my orgasm came bursting out of me, filling her with my cream. It was so intense, quite possibly the best orgasm I’d ever felt, that once I was drained, I collapsed on top of her. I took me a couple of seconds to recover enough to roll off of her. I wrapped my arm around her and nuzzled my face into her hair.

The next thing I knew, Krista was sitting on the edge of the bed fiddling with the clock radio. I could see that several hours had passed and it was now well past midnight. I apologized for falling asleep on her, feeling like a total schmuck, but she assured me that she never knew I’d fallen asleep because she’d been out, too. She’d only awakened moments before and figured she’d better set the alarm and turn off the lights. Once she had, she crawled back into bed with me and we were soon fast asleep again.

We awoke to the alarm early the next morning and dragged ourselves to the shower. Once inside, our brains and other body parts began to really wake up. By the time we were lathered and rinsed, we were on fire for each other again. We got out of the shower and dried each other off, then I dropped to my knees on my towel before Krista’s smooth pussy. She leaned back against the sink and spread her legs as I leaned in and licked up and down her slit.

She tasted so fine but I suspected I didn’t have that much time to savor her, so I focused on her clit with my tongue and slipped a digit up into her. She moaned happily and I felt one of her hands on the back of my head. Rolling my eyes upward I could see that she was using the other hand to massage her tits and pull on her nipples. I could feel the stubble coming in and began to think how hot it would be if she let me shave her. I continued to work on her pussy as she started forcing her hips at my face, pulling my face against her at the same time. She was very vocal, moaning and whimpering, and her noises were getting shorter and closer together, bordering on panting. Finally, she let out one long, loud cry and suddenly I was slurping up a fresh flow of pungent juice.

Knowing that time was of the essence, as soon as I knew she had finished cumming, I stood and turned her around. She leaned on the countertop as I guided my cock into her pussy from behind. I was glad she had already cum because the feeling of her pussy coupled with me being so aroused from eating her, I knew that I would be cumming pretty quickly. I started out grasping her by the hips and sliding myself in and out of her realizing I could also watch the expression on her face in the mirror. 

As I felt my orgasm quickly building, I leaned forward and cupped her big tits in my hands, feeling her hard nipples against my palms. I humped her ass, sliding the full length of my cock in and out of the tight slipperiness of her pussy. She was moaning softly, her eyes closed and her mouth open. I felt my orgasm bubbling to the surface and my cock began to swell within her. I pumped faster, straightening up and holding her hips again. With a groan, my cock exploded and I filled her with a torrent of cum.

I continued to pump her until I was empty, then pulled out and turned her to face me. I leaned in and kissed her long and hard, feeling up her tits some more. She finally broke the kiss and reminded me that we had a meeting to get to. I wrapped a towel around my waist and grabbed my swimsuit and room key and, with one more kiss, was out the door, agreeing to meet her at the car in 20 minutes. I got back to my room without being spotted and was soon dressed and groomed.

I had the car running by the time Krista got out there and we headed to our meeting location with my hand on her thigh. Krista sat with her coworkers and I with mine as we suffered through a long, dull meeting. A bunch of us went out for lunch together, so Krista and I didn’t get any alone time during the break. After the afternoon session ended, Krista, Tom and I had plans to visit the job site before heading out for dinner. We spent about an hour at the site then found a restaurant on the way back to the hotel.

We sat in a big booth with me on one side and Krista and Tom on the other. Once we’d ordered, Tom excused himself to the men’s room and as soon as he was gone, Krista leaned over and told me she couldn’t wait to fuck my brains out when we got back to the hotel. I could feel her foot brushing up and down my leg all the way through dinner, but we were both careful not to give Tom any indication that anything was up between us.

Back at the hotel, Tom headed to his room with plans to catch up on the sleep he’d missed by getting up early to drive down to Alamosa that morning. Krista and I headed to my room and I didn’t even have the door closed all the way when she grabbed me and jammed her tongue in my mouth. I managed to get the door locked while making out with her, then picked her up and carried to the bed.

I laid her down and lay on top of her, our lips still locked together. She let go of my neck and reached down to pull her long skirt up around her waist before going to work on my pants. She got them unfastened and, as she was pushing them down, I had my cock in hand. I yanked her panties to the side and slipped easily into her. She grasped my ass and pulled me all the way down, burying me to the hilt. I began fucking her slowly with long strokes, relishing the feel of the hot pussy I’d been thinking about all day. After a few blissful minutes, Krista had me stop and reached down between us.

I heard a ripping sound as Krista tore her panties out of the way to give me better access. She pulled me back down again and wrapped her legs around me as I began fucking her more vigorously. We were making out like mad and Krista was pulling me deep into her, moaning with each thrust. It was only a matter of minutes before she broke off our kissing and let out a longer moan as I felt small convulsions in her body. I kept fucking hard as she orgasmed, and she seemed to keep cumming. Her hot, tight pussy was now flooded with slippery juices which worked their magic on my pumping cock. I think Krista was finally on her way down when I let loose a load of cum and collapsed on top of her.

I rolled off to Krista’s side and we gazed at each other as my fingers gently stroked the stubbly outside of her pussy. She told me she wished she’d brought a razor but had never expected anyone else would be aware of her stubble when she’d packed for the trip. I told her I’d like to shave her next time she needed it and she thought that sounded like a hot idea. I decided to get undressed so I kicked my shoes off and pushed my pants and underwear the rest of the way off. Krista watched as I pulled my shirt off, becoming completely naked. I told her it was now her turn, but that I’d do the honors.

Leaving her skirt bunched around her waist, I started with her shirt. I pulled it over her head, exposing a black, lacy bra holding in her big boobs. Kneeling next to her, I fondled her tits for a few minutes before pulling the straps down her arms, slowly peeling the cups down to expose her hard nipples and big, pink aureoles. With the bra down to her waist, I leaned down to suck her nipples and trace circles around her aureoles while sliding the bra clasp around to the front so I could unhook it. Tossing the bra aside, I also kissed the underside of her breasts and down over her stomach, pausing to tongue her belly button.

When I’d kissed my way down to the waist of her skirt, I paused again to untie it but before I slid it down, I tore off the shredded remains of her panties. She lifted her ass off the bed so I could slide the skirt over it and I worked the skirt down her legs, then cast it aside. She was now lying before me naked. Starting at her feet, I began kissing and licking my way up her legs, pushing them apart the higher I got. She had her legs spread wide by the time I got to the tops of her thighs, playing with her tits while she watched my journey. I kissed and licked around her pussy, enough to tease her, but didn’t slip a finger into it or lick her clit.

Instead, I rolled her over onto her stomach and started kissing the backs of her thighs while pushing her knees up under her so she ended up with her ass in the air. With a hand on each cheek, I spread them to expose her asshole, then leaned in to lick around it and poke at it with my tongue. Krista’s moaning seemed to indicate that she was enjoying this and, when I pulled my head back, I noted that one of her hands was rubbing her pussy. I knelt behind her and lined up my rigid cock with her pussy and pushed in. Grasping her hips, I began sliding in and out, feeling her hand exploring not only her pussy, but my balls and shaft as well.

Once I got a good rhythm going and Krista’s moaning was increasing in tempo, I leaned forward and cupped those big titties, toying with her hard nipples. I continued to hump her ass, my cock burying itself deep in her warm, wet pussy, which, along with her fingers, was bringing her to a climax. When she let out a groan of relief, I could feel the tremors in her pussy and kept fucking her. Her fingers came out from between her legs when she finished cumming, so I straightened up and grasped her hips again. My hips smacked against the flesh of her ass as I increased my efforts to have my own orgasm. Krista helped by pushing back against me, my cock going as deep as possible into her. It wasn’t long before I was pumping my seed into her.

I pulled out and collapsed onto the bed, Krista collapsing beside me. We crawled under the covers, dimmed the lights and watched some TV before falling asleep in each other’s arms. The next morning, the alarm woke us and we dragged ourselves from our sanctuary to face another day long meeting. We showered together again, getting ourselves all worked up in the process. Much like the previous morning, we dried each other off, but this time I sat on the toilet and Krista straddled me, putting her big boobs right in my face. I licked and sucked her nipples as she rode me, sliding her hot pussy up and down my shaft. Pressed for time again, as we had been the previous morning, Krista rode me hard and fast, cumming in a matter of minutes. I followed suit and blew my load just seconds after she did.

She threw her clothes back on, except for her shredded panties, and headed back to her room to get herself ready. I dressed and got myself ready as well, packed up all of my stuff, and met her at the front desk so we could both check out. The meeting was long and boring, same as the previous day, and we had lunch with a bunch of people again but when the meeting ended around 4:00pm, we jumped in the car and hauled ass out of there. We were barely out of town before Krista pulled her skirt up around her waist and started rubbing the front of her panties. I tried to mostly watch the road while stealing glances over at her lap. She pulled her panties to the side and started running her finger up and down her slit.

I asked her if there was anything I could do to help that wouldn’t cause me to crash into a ditch. She slid her panties off, adjusted herself in her seat and took my hand. While I was driving, I was pumping two fingers in and out of her slippery snatch while she stroked her clit. She closed her eyes and humped her hips up and down to meet my thrusting fingers. With the hand that wasn’t on her clit, she pulled her shirt up above her tits and started rubbing them through her bra. My cock was rock hard in my pants, but there was nothing I could do about it. I had no intention of removing my fingers from the depths of Krista’s pussy and I figured I’d probably better keep my other hand on the steering wheel. I just had to tough it out.
