 It was really close, but Paige managed to throw on a t-shirt and some shorts and make it out to the kitchen in time to unload a few bags from the car. Unfortunately (or as fortune would have it,) Jamie had an "accident" in her carseat, and her mother was busy cleaning it up. By the time everyone was back in the house, Marie was all put together and helping out as well. They got Michelle and Jamie to the table and handed them each a small bowl of goldfish while all the moms put away the groceries. Paige caught Marie's eye with a relieved look of "I-think-we-got-away-with-it," and Marie returned a wink.

But that was when her mother called to her from the hallway, "Uh, Paige?" When she turned and looked, her mom motioned for her to come, and Paige followed her to their bathroom. "Honey, don't leave these things lying around, okay?" There on the floor of the shower was the dildo, and Mom started giggling. "I'm not touching that, I hope you understand!"

After blushing ten shades of red, Paige retrieved the toy and said, "Yeah, Uhh...I got this Mom!" 

"Good, and I ain't explaining that to Sophie or Olivia!" and she giggled some more.

Paige tried to laugh, but it was pretty weak. Marie didn't have any such trouble when Paige told her; she howled! "Your mom is the best! That was certainly true, but the redhead couldn't leave for work fast enough.

Walking in the door Jimmy looked up from his desk, cocked an eye at her, and said, "Hey, what are YOU doing here? Aren't you supposed to be doing the Gardner closing at 10:00?"

Glancing at her watch Paige gasped, "Holy shit! I have twenty minutes!"

"Yeah, get your ass over there; Geez, where's your head this morning?"

Paige had to smile at that as she picked up the file and hurried toward the door. "You have no idea, Jimmy; kids can be a distraction, ya know!" And then she thought, "And so can sexy brunettes joining a person in the shower!" 

"I bet;" said Jimmy, "but wait, this guy here called," and he handed her a sticky note. "Call him back after you're finished at the Gardner's." 

It was a ten minute drive to the lawyer's office. She made it with three minutes to spare, and the whole process went off without a hitch. Settling into her car afterward, she pulled the sticky note off the dashboard, *Jason McCullers - Henson Robinson Zoo.* "Well for goodness sake; what's this all about?" She pulled in at the Dunkin' Donuts drive-thru and picked up an iced coffee before she dialed the number.

"Jason McCullers, is this Paige Turner?"

"Yes, Mr. McCullers, How are you? My friend Marie London works at the zoo as well!"

"I know, I got your name from Marie. She says you're a good real estate agent."

"Marie's a good friend; I helped her buy her house."

"I know that too; I'm in the market myself. Can we make an appointment for you to swing by my office and discuss it?"

"Let me look at my calendar; I can't make it today, but there's room tomorrow or the next day after lunch."

Jason McCullers paused, "How does Thursday at 1:00pm sound?"

"It looks good, I'm writing it down now. Which office are you in?"

"Come to the Admin Building. The receptionist will point the way."

"Okay, and just so I can prepare; what are you basically looking for?"

"I'm interested in a five or six bedroom house; and a swimming pool is a must!"

Paige's antenna went up another foot, "Yes, are we talking functional or luxurious?"

"Money won't be an object; see you Thursday, Paige!"

She had two houses to show that afternoon; and on her way to the first one, she called Marie. "Thanks for the reference, Sweetie; I just got off the phone with your Mr. McCullers, much appreciated!"

"Hey, what are BFF's for? I got your back, my dear!"

"Who is he anyway?"

"He's the head honcho; the director!"

"Wow, great! This could open a lot of doors!"

She could sense Marie smiling on the other end of the line, "I know it will; just do your thing and they'll all be knocking your door down!"

That afternoon was extremely busy; so busy that she didn't even have much time to reflect on the great fun she'd had with Marie that morning, (though falling into bed that night, it did make her smile a bit.) She even had a giggle or two over what her mother must have thought when she saw the dildo in the bathroom! The next day was Wednesday and Paige didn't go into the office. In the morning she did some research for Jimmy, and she combined it with a preliminary search for what might interest Jason McCullers. That afternoon she took her two young ones to the park, and that evening she even cooked dinner, helped Sophie and Olivia with homework, and got them all to bed on time. Her mom got a nice break!

But...all evening she did take note of the fact that her pussy was sending signals! She hadn't seen Chad since Sunday night and that was only during family dinner, with a little snuggle time thrown in during Sunday Night Football. She texted him and got his invitation to come over, so at about 9:30 she headed to his house. She was pleased to see the TV was turned off and even more pleased when Chad handed her a glass of wine, lit some candles, and turned the lights out. They spent the next forty-five minutes just talking, and between the two glasses of wine and the bonding talk, Paige needed to be fucked in the worst way!

She took his mostly empty glass from him and snuggled up a little more intimately. Chad held her close under his arm, but then shifted his conversational gears into a weird topic about something that happened at the bank that day which Paige could only describe as "clueless." 

After three or four minutes of this, she interrupted him, "Chad, wait a second."

"Yeah?"

"I've been trying to tell you something for the last five minutes."

"What?"

"I need you to fuck me bad, and you wanna talk about your bank;" and she smiled a very seductive smile at him, "you sure know how to make a horny girl feel like shit, ya know! Are you gonna give me some of your beautiful dick...or not?"

Chad grinned down at her, "Well, well, Ms Im-m-m-patient! I've been ready since you got here; but I'm just tryin' to be sensitive and romantic." He chuckled, "Was I trying too hard?"

Now it was Paige's turn to giggle, "Yes, I know you...if we wait too long, you might fall asleep!"

"Not a chance, Babe; I may have been talking about the bank, but in my head I was turning over a fantasy I had all day!" Chad's eyes dropped down to his crotch, "If you want proof, check it out!"

She followed his eyes down to the familiar bulge in his gym shorts. "Oh my God!" she said with a giggle. Paige reached for his cock with her right hand and gave it an affectionate squeeze right through the shorts. She could feel that he was commando which Chad always did when he was in the mood to fuck! As she slowly slipped her hand up the leg opening, Paige began to play with his balls. Looking up, she locked eyes with him and whispered, "Is that big dick ready to fuck his little pussy friend, Hmmm?"

Chad responded by pushing Paige down on her back and rolling off the sofa onto his knees right next to her. Leaning over her face, he stared into her eyes for a good, long thirty seconds. It was the kind of look that Paige would never forget; the kind of look that reinforced why she wanted to marry him. Chad whispered in her ear, "I love you!" and then he kissed her. Paige remembered thinking The Princess Bride line, this was one of those "in the entire history of kisses..." kisses! It started a bit slowly; but as it deepened, she clung to his neck and their tongues danced together as the passion grew! It might have been ten minutes later, (but who knew?) Chad reached around her and rolled her off the sofa on top of him. The kiss continued this way for another five minutes, and all the while Paige tried to work her pussy against Chad's hard-on. 

Finally they stopped the kiss and she faced him, smoothing his hair with both hands and looking deeply into his eyes, "I belong to you, Chad! I'm yours...always!" He gripped her ass (both cheeks) and pulled her tight against his cock, "Yep, and I'm gonna own this part of you right now!" 

"Good, show me this fantasy you had today! Whatever it is, I want it bad!"

"Pretty soon...I don't want to go too fast tonight; I want you dying for some dick!"

"Ooo, you goof! I'm already dying for it!"

Chuckling, Chad said, "I know, but I wanna hear you begging!"

Paige sat up on his stomach and grinned, "What level of dirty do you want?"

"Filthy, I want filthy begging!"

She giggled some more and took off her shirt, "You dick!" she said mockingly, "Do you see these hard nipples here?" Paige tugged and twisted them erotically, "I need them sucked so fucking bad; Oh my God! And I need you to shove your fucking cock, deep into my wet cunt, too! Please...Please Chad...Fuck my pussy... FUCK MY CUNT, Puhhleeasseee!"

Chad busted up laughing, "Well okay! Since you put it THAT way, I'll suck your titties then!" He pulled her down to him and wrapped his lips around her left nipple! Sucking on it hard, he lashed it with his tongue and then slid his mouth over to her right tit and did the same. 

He had her moaning in no time, "Yessss...Oh Goddd, that's it! That feels soo fucking good! Holy shit!" She let him keep sucking and ground down even more on his erection! Then suddenly Chad stopped and took hold of her ass again; pulling her flat against him, he kissed her hard! His hands slipped down the back of her shorts, and Paige groaned some more when his fingers slipped into her crack and he began finger-tipping her anus. 

He looked at her, "You like that huh? You like that cute, little ass teased?"

"Ohh yeahh," she hissed, "You have the magic touch!"

"Get up, Babe...take your pants off for me; let me try something!" Paige got up and wiggled out of her pants; her pussy was throbbing with desire; when she was naked, Chad made her sit down on the sofa, and he crawled between her legs. "Okay, time for my fantasy; I think you're gonna love it!"

Paige whispered to him hoarsely, "I hope so! Somehow I think you're gonna get really dirty with me!" Chad chuckled and scootched her down a bit so that her ass was virtually off the cushions. Then he took her by the back of the knees and lifted her legs up over her head and pinned her knees against the back of the sofa and held them there. "Oh my Godd...what're you going to do?" 

Paige's pussy and ass were right in front of Chad's face and he grinned evilly at her, "Shut up...you're mine tonight; you'll see!" 

From the tone of his voice, she could tell this was going to be good; and when he aggressively clamped his mouth on her cunt and buried his tongue between her vulva, she gasped and cried out, "Ohhh FUUCCKKK!" She tried to get a hold of her tits, but from the position of her legs, she couldn't get at them. Seven or eight times Chad savagely shoved his tongue as far up her twat as he could, and Paige was going wild, "Ohh hell yessss...do me Chaddie, FUUCKKK...fuck it, Oh my Godd, eat my pussyyy, Godddd!" So Chad did it ten or twelve times more! Just as she was reaching the edge of an orgasm, Chad stopped, (after all, everyone needs to breathe!)

"You like that huh? And THAT'S not even my fantasy!"

Paige looked at him, "You shit! I was just about there!"

"Don't worry, Baby! You're gonna cum lots!"

She was just about to reply, and he went at her again...stabbing his tongue deep in her girl hole, "Holyyy Shit!" As soon as she said it, Chad shifted gears and sucked her clit between his lips and worked her over that way! It only took about ten seconds and she just knew she was going to explode...and Chad stopped again! "OH MY GOD! What are you doing?"

"I'm just getting you ready...are you ready?"

Paige was pissed...sorta! "Yesss, you DICK...I'm fuckin' ready!" She really didn't have much choice; her legs were still pinned against the sofa.

Chad was laughing now, "Okay, here we go!" And he dipped his head down again. Just as she was anticipating his tongue in her cunt again, Chad shocked her! His mouth closed on her anus, and he began tonguing her asshole! This was brand new; he had never done this before, but just like with her pussy, his tongue rimmed her star and then he drove it in as deeply as he could! "OH GODDDD!" she gasped. Her butt lifted off the sofa a bit; she grabbed at his hair as best she could and pulled his head in tighter! Chad was sucking and lapping and licking and sucking; and after about a minute of that, he let go of her left leg and slipped his hand in there and started thumbing her clit! "Oh Chaddd...YESSS, right there! YESSS...Damn it! Don't stop, Oh my fucking Mmmm...Don't you dare stop!" And just as she said that, Chad moved his mouth back up and attacked her clit some more! "Ohh Godd...OH MY GODDD! I'm CUMMMing!" The orgasm that finally detonated in her center felt nuclear! "Unngghhh...UNNGGHHH...OHH, GODDD!" 

Perhaps a minute later she opened her eyes. Chad was sitting there next to her, fully clothed, and grinning at her like the Cheshire Cat. "I thought you might like that!"

Paige was all over him. She lunged at him from the side and he fell sideways against the arm of the sofa; she climbed on top of him, and the kissing started again! Several minutes later (while coming up for air) she managed to say, "Now it's my turn!"

"Oh yeah?"

"Yeah, when you gonna get naked? I need that big dick bad!"

Chad chuckled and as he was taking his shirt off he said, "I love it when you're filthy!" 

"We're just getting started!" Paige got up and pulled off his shorts letting his hard cock spring free! Dropping to her knees, her right hand gripped him by the base and she sucked him in like a lollipop. 

"Ohhh, fuuuck yesss," he groaned! She sucked at him like that for a minute or so with her tongue attacking the sensitive area just below the head! Ohh my Godd, Babe...oh yeahhh!" She held his cock with both hands and licked up and down the entire length but concentrating on his "spots!" Paige knew she was hitting them because Chad's head was lolling back and forth and his ass clenched every time she hit one! All of a sudden she had an inspiration! Chad looked at her, "Well SHIT! Now why did YOU stop?"

"Cuz it's my turn for doing something new; now get down on the floor!"

Chad grinned and rolled off the sofa and sat down on the floor again. Just because she wanted too, Paige stepped over his face and said, "Before we do my fantasy; you have to lick my clit some more!" Chad was only too happy to oblige. The tip of his tongue flicked at her button ten or twelve times and then he sucked it in hard. Paige was kind of half-squatting on his face and twisting her nipples with her fingers. "Mmm...that's good babyy, yesss, that's really good! I could cum again sooo easy!" 

"Go ahead, Babe, I want a happy girl tonight!"

Paige didn't answer; she just stepped back and pushed him down until he was lying on the floor. Climbing on top of him in the cowgirl position, she worked her pussy against his hard-on until it was flat against his stomach, then she reached down and opened her pussy lips until they wrapped around his shaft. Chad lifted his head and tried to see what she was doing, but just as he did, Paige braced her hands against his chest and slowly slid her wet slit up and down the entire length of his dick three times. 

Chad's head fell back onto the floor with a thud, and his faced screwed up with an expression like "Holy FUCK!" Paige would have laughed except his big pole felt just too damn good against her clit. Her middle fingers toyed with his nipples, and she slowed her slide down even just a little bit more. Chad's hands were on her thighs, and he was squeezing them in rhythm as the pleasure increased. Looking down, Paige was stirred unbearably by the sight of her pussy lips gripping his cock, making it appear and then disappear under her. 

"I'm gonna make you cum this way, Chaddie; that's my fantasy!" her voice sounded hoarse and far away.

Chad let out a low guttural groan when she said that, "Fuckkk yesss!" he hissed. She had him now; as slowly as she was moving, she could feel his dick pulsing as he was getting closer to shooting his load. Her own orgasm was imminent as well; and when she doubled the speed, it slammed her! She wanted to cry out, but she choked it down and never let up. 

"Oh Goddd, Chad; I'm gonna go faster again, and you're gonna shoot your hot cum all over us! Ready?" 

"Ohhh Fuckkkkkkk!"

She ground down on him and let it loose, and five seconds later Chad shouted, "FUCCKKK!" and his cock exploded! The first shot of jizz blasted him in the chin, the second roped over his tummy, and the third filled his belly button. Paige didn't stop; she was right there herself, and she screamed and came hard, leaking herself all over his cock and balls. 

Chad grabbed her shoulder blades and pulled her down to his chest holding on for dear life! They laid like that for several minutes until the intensity let up enough to speak. He finally managed to say, "I think I like your fantasy better than mine, Babe... holy fuck!"

Paige smiled in his face and kissed him softly, "I'm going to expect you to top this next time!"

Chad smiled at her crookedly, "Shit!"

They rested and snuggled for perhaps fifteen minutes; but then the urges overwhelmed then yet again, and Chad fucked her like every which-a-ways. He pounded her reverse-cowgirl and doggie, and she came twice when he was fucking her over the back of the sofa. And just as his second orgasm was building, Paige grabbed his dick and sucked him off; he blasted it all right down her throat! She was so wrung out that Chad had to drive her home; and damn, they both slept well that night!

***********************************************

The next day Paige woke up smiling, thinking, "God, that's how sex was meant to be!" As soon as she thought it, her time with Marie also crept into the mix. She said it out loud, "This could get complicated, Paige; be careful!" She knew she would have to tell Chad; and she said that out loud also, "What the hell do I do?"

She didn't realize that her mother was right outside the door; mom poked her head around the jamb and said, "What the HELL do you do what?"

Mom HATED cussing, so Paige said rather contritely, "Oops, sorry Mom!"

Her mom smiled and said, "Sure you are, but what are you going to do about what?"

Paige thought fast, "Chad's being slow with the wedding plans again. This is getting old."

Mom smiled a wry smile, "Why should he hurry? You have too much sex!"

"MOM! Geeeez!"

"Well what? If I'm not telling the truth, just say so!"

"Yeah, but...well, GEEEZ!"

"You don't know what to do; tell me what other reason it might be?"

Paige considered, "I guess I don't know."

"I rest my case."

Fortunately, Jamie came running in with a "boo-boo," and a welcome distraction. While Paige was applying a band-aid, she wondered if she told Chad about Marie, would her mother find out. Yes indeed, this was getting more and more complicated.

That morning she bookmarked three houses that she felt would appeal to Jason McCullers, and then after lunch she went over to the office to pick up some paperwork she needed. 

At 1:55 she walked into the admin building of the Henson Robinson Zoo and the receptionist pointed her down the hall on her left. Upon opening the door, the female administrative assistant at the desk looked up and smiled, "You must be Ms Turner; Marie said you would be punctual!"

Paige grinned, "Marie is very observant; I guess that would make her quite good at her job!"

"Yes, we're very happy that Marie is with us; I'm Valerie, by-the-way, but you can call me Val."

"And you can call me Paige."

"Paige Turner, that's, uhh...interesting!"

"Yes, my mother has a unique sense of humor!"
