 She didn't intend to be jaded about high school, but Lauren was glad it was over. Not glad, elated. That last year she'd had tremendous trouble motivating herself to attend classes, and by the last week it was downright impossible. Lauren hit the snooze button on her alarm and burrowed further in her blankets, only to have her mother yank them down two seconds later.

"Up. Now."

Lauren groaned and covered her head with her pillow. "Its just graduation practice," she muttered, "I'm pretty sure I can walk in a straight line without personalized instruction." 

"Don't you want to say good bye to everybody hon'?" her mom asked, struggling to find some means of inspiration for her indifferent daughter. "You're probably not going to see some of them for a long time."

Lauren sat up in bed and looked at her mother sardonically, bemused at her response. "You say that like it's a bad thing."

"Come on honey, Thompson wasn't that bad," she responded absently, attempting to discern between clean and dirty clothing in a pile on the floor. "You have so many friends."

Lauren rolled her eyes at her mother's turned back. "Yeah." She turned the covers aside and got out of bed, taking the collected items out of the hamper. "Clean," she said, then picked up the rest of the pile, "dirty."

"Thanks," her mom said, leaving the room, "now go to school."

"Fine." Lauren went into her bathroom and looked into the mirror. She shook her head at the reflection. "She has no idea." 

Lauren may have retained all her elementary school friends throughout high school, but over the years they had lost their significance. Personalities changed and conflicted, taking their toll on several friendships. By her junior year the group had deteriorated to the roll of lunch partners, and this year's relaxed school schedule had all but eradicated their necessity. She hadn't minded; it was a blessing at times not to be burdened with all the drama they created. 

Her independence had its downside, of course. Her "friends" had stopped inviting her to parties, and her aloof disposition had managed to ward off any potential boyfriend at Thompson. Not that she was attracted to any of the guys her age, but it would have been nice to have someone to mess around with on occasion. She looked at her reflection. Even without makeup she was stunning, but Lauren never let it take over her personality. Her big brown eyes required no glasses or contacts, and she hadn't even gotten stuck with braces. Lauren took her thick, blonde hair and pulled it up into a pony tail for the day. She washed her face and patted it dry, then applied some mascara and blush. 

"No need to get fancy today."

She lowered her gaze to her body. Nothing to disagree with there, so why hadn't anyone expressed an interest? Her breasts were round and full, a perfect C-cup. Water had splashed onto her white tank top while she'd washed her face, making the pair visible beneath the now transparent, clingy material. Playfully, she ran her hands over her perked nipples, gently squeezing her breasts. Lauren thought for a moment and removed her top completely, standing only in her pink panties. She continued looking in the mirror as she resumed massaging her breasts, suddenly aware of how turned-on she was getting. Damn high school boys, she thought. I probably intimidated them.

Lauren allowed her left hand to stray from the breast it had been cupping, down her flat abdomen, toward the waistline of her panties. No sense in going to school all tense, she thought to herself, continuing to move her hand down. She began to finger at her vagina, moving up and down the damp lips with her fingertips. Lauren nudged them apart, sticking two digits into the moist cavern. She moved them around slowly, rubbing at her clitoris with her thumb. 

She could feel her orgasm developing but knew it would be a while if she continued unaided. Lauren withdrew her left hand and reached into the bottom drawer of her bathroom vanity, groping to the back of the storage space until she found what she wanted. She produced a small remote control about the size of her hand. Attached to it was a length of cord which ended in a small bullet-shaped piece of plastic.

"Bingo,' she smiled, and looked to make sure she had locked the door. Lauren stripped out of her damp panties and tossed them into the hamper before returning her attention to the object in her hand. At the touch of a button on the remote, the egg began to vibrate, buzzing softly in her left hand. She lay down on the bathroom floor, enjoying the sensation of the cool tiles beneath her bare skin as she spread her legs. She put the egg up to her clitoris and gasped as it hastened the progress of her orgasm. Lauren plunged two fingers of her right hand into her vagina and thrust them in and out, growing more forceful with her movements as the desired sensation neared. 

She gritted her teeth and moaned quietly as the orgasm rocked through her body. Her nipples stood erect and her back lifted off the floor as she felt its effect. Lauren smiled as it slowed down, savoring the sensations still coursing through her frame. When she had collected herself, she returned her toy to its hiding place and wiped the thick moisture from between her legs with a damp washcloth.

Despite the relaxing effect of that morning's activities, the rest of the day would push Lauren's tolerance of her peers - graduation practice. Three hours on the Thompson football field was not exactly the way she had imagined the final day of her high school career, though admittedly she had not devoted much thought to the potential contents of that last day.

By noon, Lauren was seated on a 100 degree collapsible metal chair with the rest of the class of 2003. "Two hours to go," she said to no one in particular. This was going to be unbearable. Already her tank top was sticking to her back. She pushed the straps of the camisole off her shoulders, hoping to prevent an unsightly tan line, and settled back into the chair. Lauren flinched as her skin touched the hot metal. She was half asleep in the summer sun when a voice in her ear startled her awake.

"I'm in love with you."

"The hell?" she exclaimed, sitting up. It was Jason, sitting to her left. He had scooted his chair close to hers and was leaning in closely.

"I dunno, I just figured that this would be about the last time I'd ever see you and... thought you should know."

Lauren sat up and looked around to see if anyone else had heard this announcement. She shifted in her seat, self-consciously pulling the straps back onto her glistening shoulders. "I'm sorry; I really don't know how to respond to that." She had known Jason since grade school, and never considered him as anything more than a friend. 

"It's cool," he shrugged, "I know you're going away for school and that you're probably not going to be back for a while. I just wanted to get that off of my shoulders."

Lauren nodded, still taken a bit aback. "Okay. Thanks, I guess." 

The two sat in silence, not quite convinced that their conversation had just taken place. Jason didn't seem too fazed, but Lauren was still shaken. After five minutes she looked back over at him and asked, "Are you sure it's love? I mean, you and I haven't had a conversation of substance since sixth grade, and even then it was about pogs."

"You still owe me a slammer, by the way."

"What?"

"Nevermind," he said, and returned to the subject at hand. "I dunno. I just really like you, and you've always been so cool to me. Plus," he added, "you're really hot."

"Ah," she said, realizing what he really meant about a minute later. "So you wanna do me..." 

Unfortunately, in the minute that passed between Jason's statement and Lauren's epiphany the line to the diplomas had already made its way to him, and he was gone. As she had been lost in thought, oblivious to the line's progress, Thompson's seventy-year-old geometry teacher had approached Lauren to get her to move it along, and her bawdy exclamation had been made in his face. This was incredibly embarrassing for Lauren, as Mr. Sprocket was a very sweet old man who had never failed to say hello to her despite her having twice dropped his class, though he (and everyone else within earshot) seemed to get a kick out of the situation.

Lauren bolted to the end of the line and caught up with Jason. "So," she repeated, quietly this time, "you don't so much love me as you want to do me, right?"

Jason was quiet for a minute and shrugged. "Call it what you will."

"I see," she said, suddenly a lot more relaxed. Love was something she hadn't felt comfortable about, but sex was a different matter altogether. She been in love before and wasn't particularly fond of the pain that had accompanied the getting dumped part. However, the same unfortunate experience had left her relieved of that burdensome "virginity" and she had been hankering for a good lay since fall. 

Lauren left the conversation where it was, and at the real graduation ceremony that evening she behaved as though the whole thing never took place. After everything was winding down, she managed to find Jason in the parking lot, breaking away from his parents.

"Are you going to Stacey's party tonight?" she asked.

"I was thinking about it."

"Give me your hand," she said. He complied. As she wrote her number across his palm she said "Call me in ten minutes. If you decide not to go, I promise I'll make it worth your while."

Jason looked at her warily, but nodded his head. "Talk to you soon," she said, winking, and walked off to find her parents.

Exactly ten minutes later her phone rang.

"I'm not going to the party," he said bluntly. Lauren smiled.

"Jason, I'm going to help you out," she paused, "you're still a virgin, right?"

There was a silence on the other end. Lauren was convinced she'd done some damage when Jason responded with a meek "Yeah."

"Oh, hey, that's cool. There's nothing wrong with that."

"Are you?"

Lauren balked. "Well, no, but it's not like I'm incredibly experienced or anything. It was just... last summer..."

"Okay."

She was losing him. "I just wanted you know that I'll take care of that for you."

"Take care of wha... Oh." He paused. "You'd do that for me?"

"Not exactly. I'm not really offering charity"

"Oh." A moment later her implication hit him. "OH. You want... you want payment?"

He got it. "Yeah..."

"I'll do it. How much you want?"

This was easier than she thought it would be. 

He continued, "'Cause I have $400, but if you want more..."

"No, that would be fine," Lauren would have been accepted less, but this was excellent. "So, you have a location in mind?"

"Yup....." he said, and gave her the directions. After writing them down, she continued. 

"Fine, but I have to set a few ground rules."

"I'm listening."

"You provide the condoms. Plus no anal, no cameras, and no telling anybody."

"Can do."

"Right. So are you attached to your facial hair?"

"What?"

"Nothing. See you in an hour?"

"See you then."

It was that easy. Lauren found her parents and allowed them to dote on her for a few minutes before excusing herself to go to a party. Her mother was so glad to hear of her socializing that she declared that Lauren's curfew was defunct for the evening, and that they would see her the next morning. With a few more parting hugs and exclamations of "We're so proud of you!" Lauren was free for the night, and went to her car.

Lauren was only slightly nervous about that evening. She had lost her virginity to her boss the summer before, and had really gotten the of hang sex by the time they broke up. Well, by the time he started pursuing another underage co-worker, anyway.

She pulled up to the house at the address he had given her. It was the largest one on the block. Nice, she thought, I should have charged more. 

Jason opened the door as she stepped onto the front porch. She had to admit, the guy cleaned up pretty well. Had she just not noticed this before? He had honored her not-so-subtle request of shaving off the struggling mustache and was wearing a black short-sleeved Oxford shirt with khaki pants.

"You look good."

"Thanks, so do you." He was right. Beneath the graduation robe she had discarded in the car she had worn a dark denim skirt and a white, corset-inspired linen blouse. Lauren felt that the sexiest part of foreplay was a prolonged undressing, and was certain that the hook-and-eye fastenings running down her shirt would keep Jason busy for a while. This may be business, but she figured she may as well enjoy it. 

"May I come in?" she asked.

Oh, yeah, sorry," he stammered, motioning for her to enter.

"Would you like anything to drink?"

"No, I'm fine," she said, looking around the hallway. It was sparsely decorated, but looked expensive. "Is this your parent's house?"

Jason shook his head. "No, it's my uncle's. He's, he's in rehab. He was assigned the usual 'twenty-eight days' stint, but we figure he'll be in there for at least twice that long."

Lauren decided not to ask for specifics. "So you're house-sitting, then?"

"Yeah. Would you like a tour?"

"Sure." Jason led her around the house, pointing out expensive-looking pieces of art and noting which European country they originated in. He's surprisingly calm, she thought, considering he's about to get laid for the first time. At one point he slipped up, when the bright lighting of the guest bathroom revealed that Lauren was not wearing a bra. She pretended not to notice that her nipples were obvious underneath the gauzy material, and that Jason stared at their reflection in the mirror while he pointed out the marble countertops. 

The room moved a lot more quickly after that stop and Jason wasted little time in getting to the master bedroom. It was impressive, containing a massive four poster bed covered in plush pillows. Lauren walked up to it, running her hands along the cream-colored silk sheets. 

"I found them in a closet. I figured this was an appropriate occasion."

"I think you were right," she said, crossing the room to where he stood in the doorway. In that light, he was downright handsome, she thought. This will be a piece of cake. Lauren placed her hands around his back and kissed at his neck just below his ear. She could feel his pulse race as she pulled him to her, grazing her hip against his crotch.

Lauren moved and took Jason by the hand, leading him to the bed. She sat him down on the edge and asked, "How do you want me?"

He couldn't respond, having wasted his composure on the tour of the house. She leaned over, placing her hands on his knees, and kissed him. He tasted like Big Red.

Jason responded to the kiss passionately, sliding his tongue into her mouth and pulling her to him. She got up and straddled him, maintaining the kiss, as he continued to cling to her tightly.

Lauren sat up and unbuttoned Jason's shirt only to be completely taken aback by what she saw. Immediately she regretted not having attended any of his water polo matches. Every muscle in his chest and abdomen was deliciously defined, and she couldn't help but run her hands across his pectorals. She pushed him into the bed, kissing along his body and teasing his nipples with the tip of her tongue. Lauren moved down to his waistline, gently licking at skin above the top of his boxers. He sighed, and she continued grazing his skin with her mouth as she began kneading his inner thighs. She worked her way up to the bulge beginning to develop between his legs, and Jason let out a moan of pleasure. 

"God that feels good."

She smiled. She was good. Lauren repositioned herself onto Jason's lap and he immediately sat up, kissing at her chest. She gyrated slowly against his crotch and he gasped, beginning to work on unfastening her top. As excited as he was, he took his time with the blouse, kissing the bare skin newly exposed by each hook he unfastened. Lauren raised herself up on her knees as he made his way down the shirt, placing her breasts at eye level. They were soon exposed and she arched her back as he took each one into his mouth, sucking furiously. She moaned deeply, reveling in the feeling of his hands and mouth.

Jason couldn't wait any longer and he flipped her onto her back. He kissed her on the mouth and traveled slowly down her body, flicking his tongue at her nipples as he moved down to the top of her low-rise skirt, nibbling at the curvature of her hipbones. Jason reached between her legs and rubbed at Lauren's wet panties, then unzipped her skirt. He took it off hastily and pushed her panties aside as he began to lick at her pussy.

This was a great idea, she thought, moaning softly as he tongued her clitoris. It then returned to her that she was supposed to be servicing him, and she pulled him up to his feet. Lauren looked up into his eyes as she unbuckled his belt, letting his jeans slide to the floor. She kept eye contact with him as she rubbed the crotch of his boxers, his penis stiffening within.

She stood up, leaning forward so that his member would graze against every curve of her body as she straightened. She wrapped her arms against Jason's muscular back and kissed him hard on the mouth. As they kissed, she slid her arms down his waist to his boxers, and slowly let them fall from his body. 

Now both were completely naked. Jason pulled back from the kiss and looked at Lauren. "Would you lie on the bed? I'd like to look at you."

Lauren complied wordlessly, sitting back on the bad and laying back, completely exposed. As he looked at her flawless form, she examined his. When she saw the size of his penis she was a little intimidated. He was much bigger than she had expected, and she couldn't help wondering how he was going to manage to get the whole thing inside of her. Still, the prospect excited her, and the anticipation was making her aroused. 

"You're perfect," he said, and Lauren smiled. 

"Thank you," she replied, looking at her body, "I like it." Lauren ran her hands down her torso and hips and back up again as Jason watched, his cock fully rigid. Lauren sat up and moved toward him on all fours, rising to her knees to kiss at his chest, and lowering herself again as she kissed down to his penis. She took the length of it into her mouth; as much as she could, anyway. Jason shuddered. She flicked her tongue along his shaft before focusing her attention to the head. After a minute of this, she sat up on her knees again, looked Jason in the eyes, and asked "Would you like to have me now?" 

He nodded.

Lauren kissed him one last time and lay back on the bed, spreading her legs. "Don't forget the condom," she added. She lay back into the pillows and stroked her now dripping pussy as she watched Jason roll the protection onto his cock.

"Ready?" she asked.

"Yeah."

Jason leaned over her and gently led his penis into her. He was considerably larger than she had been accustomed to, and Lauren relished the sensation of his dick spreading her wide. She moaned.

Encouraged, Jason began to move his body back and forth, sliding his penis in and out of her. He was concerned about hurting her, and wasn't letting the full length of his rod into her.

"Oh, Jason," she wailed, "More. You can stick it all the way in me, I want it all!"

Jason thrust forward aggressively, plunging himself all the way inside of her warm center. Lauren enjoyed the exquisite pain of his rigid cock as it moved inexorably within her. She rolled her hips upward, better accommodating him. It was fantastic. 

"Let me on top," she begged. 

Without speaking Jason slipped a hand against her back and rolled to the left, stopping on his back. Lauren now controlled the speed, and rocked back and forth on his penis at a furious pace. She raised her hands to her head, raking her fingers through her long, blonde hair as Jason reached up and groped her breasts. She clawed at his back as he transitioned a breast to his mouth, sucking hungrily. In this position her clitoris rubbed up against his abdomen, and she was quickly driven into the throws of orgasm. She bucked uncontrollably as she came on Dan's unyielding member.
