 Ben grabbed his suitcase, heading for the door. He had an important business trip to attend: a sales conference at a lush tropical resort. Honestly, he was looking forward to the vacation as much as he was to the networking and sales opportunities.

His cab was outside and he arrived at the airport with a few hours to spare. There, he grabbed a coffee and waited for his two coworkers to arrive, who were also going on the trip. They were his friend, Jacob, and the new girl in the office, Bethany.

He smiled as he saw Bethany arrive. She was smoking hot, with long, dark brown hair that fell to her shoulders, and deep brown eyes. Oh, and perfect 32F breasts. She was 26 and 5'6", and he'd had the hots for her since she'd transferred into his department three weeks before... along with every other man in the office.

Whatsmore, they'd been flirting pretty relentlessly in that time, even though they'd never sealed the deal. But Ben had a good feeling about this trip. Bethany had made a few comments that he'd picked up on, and travelling to exotic locations tended to make people more easy-going. He thought there was a good chance he'd get to fuck Bethany whilst they were away.

They talked for a while but then it was time to board their flight. As this was such an important conference, the company had actually paid for the three of them to fly first class, at the front of the plane. Ben was stunned by how luxurious it was, with his own little pod with a chair that turned into a lie-flat bed, and a little desk.

But what stunned him more was when the flight attendants introduced themselves. The lady who would be looking after the first class cabin was a beautiful blonde called Melanie, who was about 5'7" and probably 28 years old. She looked great in the uniform of a short blue skirt, a white blouse with a blue blazer buttoned up over it, and a red, white and blue scarf. She had neatly-styled blonde hair and lovely hazel eyes. Whatsmore, she had a lovely pair of shapely 36Ds.

She made the rounds of the cabin introducing herself, and Ben made sure to try a little flirting. She responded with playful mischief, and he was delighted. Not that he was too surprised - he was very good looking. 6'4" and well-toned, with a trim, athletic figure. He was muscular without being too bulky, and he had handsome features, brown hair and sparkling blue eyes. He'd never really struggled with the ladies.

The flight took off and everyone settled down, and Melanie came round with a drink order. He flirted with her some more, and she grinned, telling him if he ever wanted anything then he had permission to come to the galley at the front to ask her personally.

About an hour later his movie finished, so he did just that. He walked up to the galley and found her there reading a book. They flirted for a few more minutes, an obvious mutual attraction dripping lust between them.

"So why did you come up here?" she asked after a few minutes. "It surely wasn't just to talk... maybe you're looking for a snack?"

"I think I am. Something hot and tasty, preferably," he replied.

She grinned, standing up and moving over to him. "I know just the thing."

Then she kissed him, but only for a second. After all, if anyone walked round the corner to use the restroom they would be obvious. So instead she drew shut the curtain that separated the galley from the first-class cabin and beckoned him into the restroom.

He went eagerly, pleased to note that the bathroom was bigger than the economy bathrooms. But he was soon distracted as the beautiful blonde was kissing him once more. She peeled off her blazer and hung it on the door, before dropping to her knees.

She pulled out his cock with an appreciative coo, clearly enjoying its size, and her hazel eyes sparkled up at him as she sucked his dick for a few minutes, purring onto his length. He gripped the counter and groaned quietly at both how good it felt and how good she looked.

But they both knew they had to be quick so before long she was back on her feet. She unzipped her skirt, folding it up and placing it next to the sink, then leant over the counter and slid her panties and pantyhose down her legs, revealing her glistening pink pussy.

Ben moved behind her and pushed inside her with glee, bottoming out in her hot cunt. She moaned and whimpered in ecstasy as he started to fuck her and he was delighted at the knowledge she was as horny for this as he was.

Soon he was fucking the slutty flight attendant with vigour, and only a minute or so later she pushed her hips back against him and sobbed out as she came on his cock. He slowed down, but did not stop, fucking her through the orgasm and then increasing his pace when she was finished.

They did not have much time before they might get caught, so Ben did not dare drag things out, however much he wanted to. Another minute passed, his cock plunging into her silken furnace, and then Melanie came again, harder this time. Her hazel eyes rolled back and she cried out in bliss, her body jerking in the throes of it.

He was not far behind. With a growl of his own he hilted inside the stunning blonde's shivering pussy, and his cock twitched as he exploded deep inside her, his cream painting her spasming walls white.

They quickly got dressed again afterwards, and Melanie turned around to kiss him. Her hand twirled lazily on his chest.

"That was my first time in the Mile High Club," she grinned. "Thank you."

Then she slipped out from the restroom, and he followed, returning to his seat with no one being any the wiser. That had been a great start to his trip.

But it turned out he and Melanie weren't done.

About an hour later, lunch was served, and when that was cleared away Ben felt horny again. Melanie had continued to shoot him seductive winks every time she passed and he could tell she wanted more, too.

So he went up to the galley, finding her there again, and she smiled.

"Back again?" she said sultrily. "After another snack?"

"Well the cabin is nice and quiet after lunch. I didn't think you'd be missed for another ten minutes..."

She grinned, pulling him back into the bathroom, and before he knew it she was kissing him again. It was a near-identical repeat performance, as she dropped to her knees, sucking his cock for a few minutes, before standing up and taking off her skirt. Then she bent over the counter and pulled down her panties and pantyhose. He pushed himself into her dripping cunt, enjoying the way her hazel eyes rolled back at the feeling.

Just like before, he fucked her vigorously, slamming his dick into her sensational snatch. And just like before, after a short while she came hard on his dick, spasming through her third orgasm of the flight.

He did not slow down, and about a minute later he spewed inside her pussy, leaving her grinning and breathless. They got dressed again, and he returned to his seat.

He fired up another film, feeling satisfied and spent as he watched it. By the time it had finished, there was only an hour of the flight left.

Which meant there was time for one more quickie.

He had never fucked on an airplane before, and now he was going to have done it three times in one flight, because barely five minutes later Melanie was bent over the restroom counter yet again and he was easing his thick cock back into her wanton pussy.

Soon he was pounding her vigorously, gripping her tits through her blouse as his cock plunged into her sopping cunt. She moaned, whimpered, then came again.

"You're such a slut," he growled as she recovered from the orgasm, her fourth of the flight.

"I'm your slut, Ben," the beautiful blonde whispered in awe. "Just keep fucking me, please. I want to keep cumming..."

So he did. This time, he didn't really care if they got caught, and he fucked her through a second and then third orgasm, leaving her twitching and breathless. And finally, with a bellow of rapture, he filled up her cunt with his hot seed for the third time that afternoon.

He retreated back to his seat just in time for the captain say they were due to land, and Melanie quickly got everyone ready. She looked so pristine and neat, there was no indication she had just been fucked in the airplane bathroom - for the third time that flight!

After the plane had landed, he tried to catch Melanie's attention but she hurried past with a flirty wink, not stopping to chat like he'd hoped. But when they exited the plane, all the flight attendants were standing at the door, and Melanie smiled secretively as she pressed a piece of paper into his palm.

He opened it and grinned. It was her telephone number, and the name of the hotel she would be staying at - right next door to his!

Soon he was in the baggage hall with his two coworkers, and he noticed Bethany grinning at him as they waited.

"You seemed to get on well with our air hostess," his gorgeous colleague said as they collected their luggage.

He turned to her with surprise. Had she noticed? "What do you mean?"

"Well, the two of you were flirting so much I'm surprised you didn't sneak off to the bathroom together!" she grinned. "It almost made me jealous."

Jacob met Ben's eyes and raised an eyebrow, giving him a thumbs up. Ben winked back.

"You could always join me for dinner," he said boldly.

"Of course I'll join you for dinner, but that's because we have to have dinner with the whole group tonight," Bethany laughed back. "It's the start of the conference."

But she winked at him too, and he could tell she knew what he was getting at and was interested in the same. Not right now, though - he would have to work on her a little bit more for that. Luckily they had the whole trip.

The cab ride to the hotel was short and soon they were checking in. He queued up with his two colleagues but they all went up to the counter separately. It was very busy, a mix of business people who were here for the conference and tourists just here to relax, and there were eight different staff working the desk.

One of them caught his eye, and he noticed her glancing at him, too. She was gorgeous, with wavy red hair brushed forward over one shoulder, and pale green eyes. She wore a black top that was low cut enough to reveal a hint of cleavage from her 34Es, and had a lovely, trim figure, and was about 5'7" tall. And to top it off, she had a pair of black glasses that made her look both slightly nerdy and very sexy.

Ben's coworker Jacob had noticed her too, and when the redhead had finished with her current check-in, it was Jacob who was next in line. He shot Ben a wink, and got ready to step forwards.

But the redhead didn't call him, preferring to shuffle papers round on her desk. Then a different receptionist was free, and called Jacob forward instead. He scowled at Ben playfully, and headed over.

The redhead glanced up, smiled at Ben, then called him over. It really seemed like she'd been deliberately waiting to make sure that it was him she served. He shot Jacob a wink, then made his way to the desk.

She wore a nametag that said 'Ashley', and Ben introduced himself. He couldn't resist flirting a little bit, and was delighted when she did the same in return. She asked a very unsubtle question about whether he was here alone and seemed very pleased when he said he was.

"Well, you have a king-size bed," she said, handing him his room key. "So you might feel a little lonely without someone to help you fill it."

There was a moment's silence between them and Ben decided to take a chance and see just how far this lovely receptionist was willing to go.

"This resort is huge," he said, meeting her eyes. "Do you think someone might be able to show me to my room?"

"Of course, I can call a bell boy over to do just that," she said playfully, then laughed at the look on his face. "Oh, but you mean me specifically, don't you?"

He smiled. "If you're free."

"Well, it just so happens my lunch break is about to start. I'll see what I can do..."

She hurried over to talk to the most senior member of staff there, and then returned with a smile on her face.

"Would you like to see your room, sir?" she smiled mischievously.

She came round from the desk, and Ben collected his case and followed her. He was up on the seventh floor, and Ben couldn't resist checking her out all the way up in the elevator.

Soon she was letting him into his room, and he stepped inside. She gave him a very quick tour, then gestured at the bed.

"And that, Ben, is your giant king-sized bed."

"You were right: it is too big for one person," he said quietly, stepping closer to her.

"So you'll need to find a someone to share it with you," she replied, her lips parting slightly, desire evident on her beautiful face.

"I think I found one," he said, then kissed her.

Ashley moaned into the kiss, grasping his biceps and pressing herself against him. Her 34Es were crushed against his hard as she did so and he loved it.

As they kissed, Ben was glad he'd put his foot down and demanded his own room. The company had wanted to put him and Jacob together since they were both men, but he'd said that was unfair since Beth got her own. His boss had decided to not bother arguing and just made sure all three were booked separately.

That privacy is what made this possible. His hands reached for Ashley's black blouse, unbuttoning it and sliding it from her shoulders. He groaned at the sight of her pretty black bra beneath as the garment fell to the floor. His hands squeezed her tits through the fabric, enjoying their size.

They frantically undressed one another as they kissed until they were left only in their underwear. He undid her bra, his hands immediately moving to squeeze and knead her wonderful soft breasts as they spilled free, then she pushed him away and slid off her panties.

She met his eyes with a naughty grin as she sat down on the edge of the bed and spread her legs. It was obvious what she wanted.

Ben was not about to deny her, so he dropped to his knees and began to feast on her lovely pussy. His tongue swirled on her folds, exploring every inch, and after a minute he brought two fingers into play. They pushed into her tunnel, crooking upwards slightly to hit her g-spot as he pumped them in and out, starting to focus on her clit with the attentions of his tongue.

Ashley's moans grew louder and louder, her hands gripping tightly into his hair, until at last she came against his face. Her hips rolled, her back arching, and he lapped at her clit, teasing her through the powerful orgasm.

When it had finished she grinned at him, and he grabbed her hands, tugging her back to her feet. They kissed, but only for a moment, before he spun her round. Moments later, she was bent over the bed, and she wiggled her hips seductively as he pulled off his boxers.

His hard cock sprang free and he moved behind her, grasping her asscheeks, then sliding one hand up her smooth back whilst the other angled his dick with her waiting pussy. He delighted in her long moan as he slowly speared her.

Her pussy was magnificent, and he spent a moment just bottomed out inside of her, enjoying the feel of that velvet furnace gripping his length. But then he started to move. Over the next few minutes his pace grew until his hips were slapping loudly against her ass.

She pushed herself back against him to meet each thrust, moaning loudly, and he held her hips firmly as he plowed her from behind. And a minute or so later he got his reward. The stunning redhead sobbed out, clutching the bedsheets as her pussy gripped him, a powerful orgasm ripping through her.

He slowed but did not stop, and soon he was at his former pace. She pulled off her glasses and tossed them onto the mattress, clearly annoyed with the way they bounced on her face with each impact of his hips. Her tits swung beneath her and he reached forward with his right hand to cup one, enjoying its size in his grasp and the way her hard nipple tug into his palm.

She whimpered, turning her face to him, carnal desperation in her lovely green eyes. "Fuck, Ben... I'm going to... I'm going to cum again..."

And she did seconds later, another wail torn from her lungs as she twitched. Her cunt spasmed on his cock and he buried himself inside her as the beautiful receptionist gurgled through her strongest climax yet.

When Ashley was done he let her fall forwards onto the bed, then encouraged her to roll over. She did, moving further onto the mattress and settling down more comfortably so her head was on the pillow. He followed her, taking the time to neatly place her glasses on the nightstand so they wouldn't get broken, before moving on top of her and kissing her. She wrapped her legs around his waist as if to stop him escaping.

Of course, Ben had no intention of escaping. Instead, he neatly speared the slutty redhead's pussy once more, delighting at the sight of her green eyes rolling back. His pace grew quickly, and barely two minutes later she was cumming again. He did not slow, eager to see if could get another.

He could.

"I can't stop cumming," she whispered in desperation, lust and awe mixed in her emerald gaze. "I can't stop fucking cumming!"

And then she came again, orgasm number five searing through her. Her back arched, pushing those wonderful 34Es into his hard chest, and he kissed her neck as she spasmed through it.

He let Ashley ride it out, then started fucking her again, his cock plunging eagerly into her sopping cunt. The busty redhead clawed at his back, murmuring incoherently as he fucked her, and soon she was cresting once more.

Again he slowed as she lit up in orgasm, enjoying the way her pussy undulated on his cock, but he did not think he would last through another one. Still, he started to fuck her as soon as it had passed, slamming himself balls deep into her quivering snatch.

And then a few minutes later, in time with her seventh orgasm, his own release finally hit. The feel of her molten pussy spasming on his cock was too much. He cried out as he hilted inside of her, his cum flooding into her hungry cunt, painting her walls white. Her pussy quivered, seeming to milk him, prolonging his climax as he emptied himself inside the gorgeous redhead.

When at last it was finished he kissed her, then rolled next to her on the bed. They both spent a short while in silence, recovering from their mindblowing sex, until at last she sat up.

"I should get back down there," she grinned. "My lunch break is almost over."

She quickly dressed again and put on her glasses, then left, blowing him a kiss as she did so. Ben lay there, delighted in his day so far. Things were off to a great start!

After Ashley had left, he turned on the television and flicked through the channels, relaxing for a while. Eventually it was time to get ready for dinner. After a lovely shower, he dressed in a smart casual outfit of a white shirt and black slacks. He looked good, and he headed downstairs.

Bethany and Jacob were already there, and he said hello. Bethany looked great as always and she shot him a flirty smile as they were led through to the conference. They were given table numbers, and realised that they had all been put at different tables. 

It turned out that was totally deliberate on the part of the organisers. It was to help everyone to get to know each other by mixing them up, supposedly.

Ben took his seat at his table, noticing Bethany was on the far side of the hall, and Jacob was elsewhere too. The dinner guests started filling in around him, and he was talking to the guy on his right when someone sat down to his left. He turned to face them and his breath caught.

A beautiful young woman had taken the seat, blonde hair falling to her shoulders and with pale blue eyes. She had lovely high cheekbones and was wearing a tight-but-classy red dress with lace pattern. It hugged her figure, leaving no doubt as to her sensational body, and pushed outwards with 34Ds. She was tall too, at 5'10", and that only enhanced her elegant beauty. She caught his eye and smiled, and he could see her checking him out.
