 Ben woke the next morning refreshed but hungry. He got dressed into a t-shirt and jeans, then headed downstairs for breakfast. Each room had its own pass for the breakfast buffet so he didn't need to wait for his colleagues, which was good because he knew Jacob had a reputation for preferring very late breakfasts. It would have just caused conflict if the company had insisted on them eating together.

He got his breakfast and went to his table, and as he ate he pulled out his cellphone and texted Melanie, the flight attendant from the day before. He was surprised when he got an immediate response, but pleased nonetheless. Over the next few minutes they had a flirty back-and-forth via text, and before long he had arranged a date with her that evening.

Soon he had finished eating. He left a couple of dollars on the table for the waitress then decided to explore the grounds a little bit since it was still early. The conference didn't start properly for another hour and a half.

There were lots of people milling around who were too smartly dressed to be tourists - they were obviously other attendees like him. He was surprised they were already waiting, but then again perhaps some of them saw the standing around as a great opportunity to network. Ben considered it, but decided he'd rather have a bit more free time.

However, the resort was huge, and there were even more people who were there just for a vacation and were nothing to do with the conference. Lots of families, but also lots of young couples and people on their own, all here just to relax.

The grounds were nice. Lots of planted trees, with little paths through them. The sun was hot but under the trees it was pleasantly cool, and the resort had two outside cafés. It also had two swimming pools - a huge one for families which had water slides and other activities for kids, but also a smaller (but still quite big) pool aimed at adults, which had a relaxed atmosphere and even a bar at one end.

He wandered back inside then, and as he passed through reception he realised how busy it had gotten already, despite not even being 8am. The check-in line was huge. And just as he passed the line a case fell out into his path, landing with a loud thump, spilling the handbag that was resting on top of it.

A woman bent down to get it and he helped her pick it up. He smiled as he met her eyes. She was gorgeous, with long brunette hair and deep brown eyes. She was about 5'7" and probably 24 years old. And her breasts were huge, a magnificent 30H, pushing out from her tight black t-shirt. The rest of her figure was sublime too.

He helped her get her things sorted and she thanked him, introducing herself as Kelly. She had the loveliest English accent and she said she was visiting from her home town just outside of London. She'd recently broken up with her boyfriend and wanted to get away somewhere hot and sunny for a week.

Ben stayed with her as the check-in line slowly trundled along, and Kelly did not seem to mind. In fact, it seemed the opposite, given that she wasn't even subtle about flirting with him. Just as she was next in line he said he should probably head away - giving her an opportunity to say goodbye if she wasn't into him - and she looked disappointed, asking who was going to carry her luggage up to the room for her if he wasn't there.

He took the hint, staying with her as she checked-in and then carrying her luggage to the elevator. The ride up was slow, but they were alone in the elevator and he couldn't resist checking her out in the mirrored doors.

"If you keep staring at me like that, we won't make it to my room," she said softly in her wonderful English accent. She was clearly as turned on as he was, and Ben no longer had any doubt whatsoever about where this was going.

Just then the doors opened, and they scurried to her room. Ben stepped inside, placing her case neatly at the foot of her bed, and before he knew it she was kissing him. His hands went to her waist, sliding over her wonderful body as they began to undress each other.

Before long both their shirts were removed. Her hands went to his hard, toned chest with a moan, and his own hands moved to her 30H breasts constrained in her pretty blue bra. Then her jeans came off, and his slacks, and soon they were just in their underwear.

He eagerly undid the clasp of her bra, and he groaned as those perfect huge tits spilled free. He grasped them, enjoying their immense size, the bountiful pillows soft and pliant to his groping fingers. Kelly purred at the contact and reached down into his boxers, grasping his dick and stroking it.

Ben could take no more, he pushed her onto the bed, pulled off his underwear, then climbed on top to kiss her. Then he rolled over, and she unhooked her blue panties, throwing them away so now they were both naked.

"Travelling makes me so fucking horny," she whispered, staring at him with pure carnal hunger.

"Then stop talking and sit on my face," he growled.

The beautiful brunette grinned, doing exactly that, straddling his face and slowly lowering her snatch onto his eager mouth. His tongue immediately began to explore her folds, enjoying her taste, and over the next few minutes he skillfully ate her pussy with an enthusiasm that left her moaning in pure pleasure.

His hands came up, grasping her tits as he teased her clit, and she stared down at him with lewd desperation. He could tell she was getting close, and did not slow down. He was rewarded twenty seconds later when the busty Englishwoman cried out, grinding her pussy against his face as she came hard.

Then the orgasm had passed, and she slid down his chest, kissing him as she lifted her hips and reached down to grasp his cock. Without a word between them, she sank down onto his dick, her wanton cunt swallowing him up.

Her pace was slow at first but soon sped up, her hips thumping down against him. He held her close, kissing her and letting his hands stroke up and down her back as she used his cock for her own pleasure. And a couple of minutes later, she came on his dick, a wail of ecstasy torn from her lungs.

She sat upright then, rolling her hips slowly, but it soon built into a lustful pace as she started to grind herself against him. His hands moved to her huge tits, squeezing them as she rode him, and he stared into her brown eyes with delight.

"Oh my God, Ben..." she whimpered. "I'm going to cum... again..."

The last word was a moan as she climaxed for the third time that morning, her pussy gripping hold of his dick. She slumped down on top of him in the aftermath and he let her relax.

But not for too long. Soon he bent his legs for better leverage, and started to thrust into the sultry brunette. She whimpered at the feeling, lifting her head to stare into his eyes with wonderment as his pace grew. But she couldn't hold the gaze for long, because after only a minute those deep brown eyes rolled back as she came yet again, her pussy spasming on his cock.

As the gorgeous English lass twitched through it he rolled them over, using the new position to really fuck her, slamming his pole into her shivering cunt. She gurgled, clawing at his back, and a couple of minutes later she climaxed again. Her back arched and she let out a banshee's howl, her pussy clamping down on him and her face going slack. She jerked and spasmed, lost in the throes of an insanely powerful orgasm.

Finally he slowed, letting her recover. Her eyes regained focus and she stared at him in awe. "Holy fuck," she said in her cute British accent. "What are you doing to me?"

"Getting your vacation off to a good start," he teased. "And we're not done yet."

"No, I don't think we are. You've not fucked me from behind," she winked, then slipped out from under him, instead getting on all fours and wiggling her hips at him.

He was behind her in a flash, pushing back into that silken cunt, enjoying the long moan of rapture it drew from her lungs. And soon he was fucking her with vigour, the loud slapping of his hips against her ass echoing round the cool hotel room, battling with their twin groans of pleasure at their amazing sex. Her 30H tits swung beneath her and he reached forwards to grasp and knead the perfect pillows.

Her moans soon grew louder, and it wasn't long before she was pushing herself back against him, grasping fistfuls of the bedsheets as she came yet again. He did not slow down, fucking her even harder, and two more screaming orgasms swiftly followed as he pounded her lustfully from behind.

Finally, after her eighth climax had left her a whimpering, incoherent mess, it was his turn to cum. He cried out as he thrust deep into the slutty Brit, his cock erupting, rope after rope of sticky hot cum spewing into her depths. Pleasure pulsed through him in time with the spurts of jizz that flooded her womb, his balls eagerly emptying themselves inside Kelly's gorgeous body.

When he was done, he leant down, kissing her shoulderblades as he eased out. She turned around and kissed him, and he couldn't resist grasping one of those huge tits even in their afterglow, enjoying its weight and size in his palm.

"Thanks for bringing my suitcase up to my room," she teased, then kissed him softly.

"It was my pleasure," he replied.

She winked and kissed him. "And mine."

Kelly wanted to shower and have breakfast then, so he left her to it, enjoying the slap on the ass she gave him as he left. He went back to his room to get ready for the day.

He took another quick shower - realising he was showering a lot on this trip, but then again having so much sex meant that was hardly surprising - and got changed into smarter clothes, ready for the conference.

Downstairs he found Jacob and Bethany and he chatted with them a while. Eventually Jacob left for his seminar, and Ben flirted with Bethany for a bit. She was definitely into it and he delighted in that fact.

But before he could make a move properly, his own seminar started and they had to part ways. He made his way over to the small room and took a seat.

The conference was quite dull, and Ben found himself unfortunately in a seminar with only ten other people, none of whom he wanted to flirt with. That said, it wasn't a total waste of time. He felt he learned quite a lot, and took the opportunity to network with some of the older men and women there, most of whom were senior in their companies. A few business cards were exchanged and he felt quite good about his chances of getting some new clients once he got back to the office.

Then the teacher told them that they were breaking for the day. There was one remaining session, but it was on a very specific subset of the business that didn't apply to Ben's expertise, so he wasn't obliged to go. He had a free afternoon.

He decided he'd take a dip and sit by the pool for a while. This was also a vacation, after all. Even his boss had told him to make sure he took some time to relax and enjoy himself whilst there - it would be a waste to go to such a lovely environment and not chill out.

He went back to his room and changed into his trunks, then headed down to the pool. There were two pools - one large one that was noisy and full of families, then an adults-only pool that was a little more chilled out. It had a bar, and he went over and ordered a cool beer, bringing it back to a sunbed and sitting for a while.

Then he noticed her. A stunning blonde, in sunglasses and a black bikini, relaxing in the sun. She was about 5'3" and in her mid-twenties, probably 26. And most impressively, she had huge breasts, around 30H, just like Kelly's from earlier in the day. Ben wondered if he'd died and gone to heaven, there were so many busty women around here - it was like he was the main character in some poorly-written erotic fiction!

At one point a man came over to her and they spoke for a while, then the man went back to the bar and ordered more booze. Ben suspected they were together, but the man seemed more interested in his drink than in her. If the man was her boyfriend or husband, then he seemed like a neglectful one.

Ben caught her glancing at him, and even though she quickly looked away, over the next few minutes Ben caught her staring at him repeatedly. Clearly she liked what she saw. So, when he felt the time was right, he wandered over to her and sat down next to the blonde beauty, casting his eyes over her magnificent body in that black bikini. She really was stunning.

"Lovely view around here," he said.

She lifted her sunglasses. "You think so?" she said sweetly.

He could now see her eyes, and they almost took his breath away. They were a startling vibrant green, and absolutely gorgeous. He composed himself.

"I do. What about you?"

She grinned, openly casting those emerald hues over his figure. "I agree," she said. "Sadly, my husband might not."

It was clearly a test, designed to see if he'd be put off by the fact that her man was nearby. But Ben was never dissuaded so easily. If she didn't want to cheat, then she wouldn't. But if she did... well, he wanted it to be with him.

"You mean the man over there ignoring you whilst he gets drunk at the pool bar?" Ben asked, gesturing at him.

She scowled. "Yes, that one. But I'm still married to him."

Ben winked. "That doesn't mean he has to find out." Then he stood up. "Well, I think it's time I cooled off a bit. You should try the water, it'll refresh you."

Then he hopped into the water, enjoying its coolness against his skin. It was warm and pleasant, but still cooler than the hot air and sun. He swam to the far side of the pool, then back, noticing the blonde's eyes on him as he did so.

There was an island in the middle of the pool, covered in palm trees. The far side of it was totally hidden from the bar, but not from his potential playmate. He swam to it and met her eyes with a small smile.

Their gaze lingered for a moment and then she stood, setting down her book and sunglasses and walking to the steps that led into the water. Her hips swayed sexily as she descended into the pool. Ben was not sure if that was for show, or if she was just a natural seductress. He suspected the latter.

She was so hot that Ben felt it must surely be a crime that she was married and unavailable. But then again, perhaps that wasn't entirely true, because he was getting the distinct impression she was about to be available to him for the next hour or so.

She reached him and smiled. At 6'4" the water came to his navel, but she was a diminutive 5'3" so it came all the way up to her chest, lapping at her huge breasts in the black bikini top.

"You're right, the water is lovely," she said softly.

He reached out, placing a hand on her shoulder, and she didn't flinch away. "What's your name?"

"Brittany," she said.

"Brittany, when was the last time you got fucked?" he asked boldly.

Her eyebrows went up in surprise at his explicit question. She looked taken aback, but also unmistakably aroused. She was clearly fighting an inner battle as to whether she should join in this lewd flirting, or be a good wife and leave.

After a few seconds she replied. "Well, last night, actually," she said quietly.

His hand slid over her front as she spoke, skating over her chest. And as she finished talking, he grasped one of those huge 30H breasts, lifting and squeezing it. She gasped excitedly at the contact, but did not pull away.

"No, that's not it," he replied with a low growl. "I don't mean the five minutes of disappointment you get twice a week from your husband. I mean when did you last get fucked? Sex that leaves you seeing stars. It was a long time ago, wasn't it?" 

She breathed out shakily, nearly overwhelmed by her lust. He could tell how turned on she was. She bit her lip and nodded.

"Then come with me, Brittany. Your husband won't even notice you're gone."

Then he kissed her. She moaned into the kiss, looping her arms around his neck, and he brought his free hand up to squeeze her other tit. Her breasts were so big that they overflowed his hungry palms.

They stayed that way for a few seconds, but they could not do it for long. For one thing, her husband might come round the corner at any moment.

Ben pulled away and smiled. "Get your stuff, and meet me at the elevators," he said quietly, then swam away. He grabbed his towel, gave himself a quick dry down, then put on his sandals and made his way to the outside elevator. Brittany joined him ten seconds later

"Not going to tell your husband you're leaving?" he teased.

Mentioning her spouse might have seemed risky - it might have made her realise just what she was about to do, and caused her to change her mind. But that was the point: he was giving her a final chance to bail before she really crossed a line. He'd rather she left now than suddenly abandon things halfway through and leave him blue-balled. If she kept going then she was going to cheat on her husband, and she needed to understand that.

But she didn't leave, and he didn't expect her to. She knew full well what she was doing, and she didn't care. Ben made a silent promise to make it worth her while.

As soon as the elevator doors closed he was kissing her again, pulling her close. She moaned into it, wrapping her arms around him again. Soon the elevator reached his floor and they barely stopped kissing long enough for him to pull her into his room and lock the door.

Her bikini top came off within seconds, his eager hands unable to stop themselves as they went for the knots, and he grasped those perfect 30H tits when they spilled free. They were too big to properly grasp, and he was in heaven.

Then his hands dropped lower, grasping her ass and picking her up. She was a foot shorter than him at 5'3" but that just made things even hotter.

He strode to the bed, dropping her down on it and then kissed his way down her body. He peeled off those bikini bottoms and stared up into her vibrant green eyes as he kissed her inner thighs.

"Remember, you promised me I'd see stars..." she breathed, anticipation on her beautiful face.

Ben merely grinned and set to work, teasing her at first but slowly building. He pushed two fingers inside of her after a short while and delighted in the way she moaned and writhed. And then, another minute later, Brittany came hard against his face. Her back arched and she screamed out, twitching as pleasure overwhelmed her. He could feel her pussy pulsing on his fingers.

He pulled out, then stood up, tugging down his trunks to reveal his already-hard cock and hunching over her. She smiled naughtily at the sight, and reached down to guide him to her pussy. Then she moaned as he slowly speared her needy cunt.

She tugged him down to kiss him as he started to fuck her, his pace soon building until he was slamming into her gorgeous body, those massive tits bouncing with each impact. Ben stared into her eyes, enjoying the way they clouded, and the look of awestruck lust on her face at just how good their sex was.

"Oh my God, Ben, I'm cumming..." the busty adulteress whimpered after a few minutes, her back arching as she cried out again.

Her pussy clamped down on him so he slowed, letting her ride it out. She twitched in the throes of it, then collapsed back onto the bed. He climbed on after her, rolling onto his back and gesturing for her to get on top. The sexy blonde did not need any invitation to do just that.

Barely three seconds later he was sinking inside her once more as she settled down onto him, staring at him with carnal hunger and starting to immediately roll her hips. He pawed at her breasts as she began to grind herself against him, encouraging her to keep going. A few minutes later her emerald eyes went wide and she let out a sob of pure bliss, a third orgasm exploding inside of her.
