 It was a fine day early in summer and I'd gone sunbathing, wanting to have some tan. I guess I could have got just as tanned swimming or surfing but I just wasn't feeling that energetic. To be truthful I was feeling downright lazy. You're allowed to be sometimes. So I'd wandered down to the beach, found a secluded spot, and stripped off.

Some people frown upon nude sunbathing but I don't really care what they think. I was, as I said, in a secluded place and they'd have to come looking to find me. If they did find me and I offended their sensibilities, bad luck. They shouldn't have come looking.

I was just lying there, music playing softly, a beer can wedged in the sand next to me and having a relaxed time. After a while I heard a sound that was off-key to my music, a sort of humming. I muted the sound for a moment and stuck my head up for a quick look around.

Wandering along the back trail I'd taken to reach this spot was a sweet young thing. She had on a skimpy bikini and carried a beach bag. Probably someone looking for a secluded place to do her own tanning I assumed. No worries. She'd probably walk straight past me without even knowing I was there.

I turned on my musing again and relaxed. I figured that if the girl wanted some privacy she'd hear the noise and shy away, looking for her own place. I completely forgot how curious women could be.

I saw movement out of the corner of my eye but didn't turn my head. I just stayed still and hoped she'd have enough sense to go away. Really, if you're an innocent young thing and you stumble across a naked man surely the first thing on your mind is to be elsewhere?

Not so in this case. She came a little closer and I heard her give a sudden gasp as she spotted that I was naked and all my goodies were on display. I had on sunglasses and, as I didn't move or turn to look at her, she must have thought I was asleep. Would you believe that innocent young thing couldn't have been all that innocent? She edged closer to get a better look. 

If you're a man and a sweet young thing is admiring your equipment it's just natural that your equipment would put itself on display. I felt the first stirring of my erection and decided to ignore it. If I'd concentrated it would probably have subsided, but why bother? She shouldn't be standing there gawking at me in the first place.

You would think that if someone stumbles across a naked man and his cock stands up and waves at them they would guess that said naked man was awake and aware. After all, if he was asleep his cock would be asleep, not standing up and waving. This young lass couldn't have been too bright.

She gave a slight gasp when my cock started stirring and just stood there, watching it become tumescent. When it was finally rigidly erect I'll swear she edged closer for a better look. What was I? A stud that she was judging?

"If you get any closer you'll be able to kiss it," I said softly, and she jerked upright with a startled cry.

"Oh, ah, sorry," she mumbled. "I was just passing by and you sort of startled me."

"Yeah, I saw you leaning over to see what had startled you. Haven't you ever seen one before? How old are you? Surely you're old enough to know the differences between a man and a woman." 

"Yes," she snapped. "It's just that I'm not accustomed to finding naked men lying around the place."

"Ah, so that explains it. You're short sighted and were leaning forward to make sure that I was a man. You were expecting a leprechaun, perhaps?"

"I was not leaning forward and I most definitely was not looking at your, ah, thing," she mumbled.

"It's called a cock," I told her. "Just how old did you say you were?"

"I didn't, but I'm eighteen if you must know. This is not a nudist beach, you know. You have no right to be naked."

"Give me a break," I muttered. "I'm not exactly in public view."

"I'm part of the public," she pointed out.

"So you are. And just why are you prowling around the deserted parts of the beach? Hoping to see things you're not supposed to?"

"Certainly not," she snapped, sounding scandalised. "I was just looking for a place to sun-bathe in private."

"In private," I mused. "Is that an euphemism for nude?"

"No, it's not. If you'll excuse me I'll be on my way."

"Hold on," I protested. "What are you going to do about that?"

I waved in the general direction of my fine upstanding erection.

"What do you mean?"

"You caused it. You should do something about it."

"I caused it? I didn't have anything to do with it."

"Of course you caused it. I was lying here, minding my own business, and you came along and started ogling me. It was just natural that I'd have a reaction."

"That's ridiculous. What do you expect me to do about it anyway?"

"Well, seeing you're the aggressor I guess it would be up to you. Why not just play around until you've decided?"

"You don't seriously expect me to touch you? We're out in the open, for god's sake. Anyone could come along."

"Unlikely. You're the first person I've seen for an hour. Ah, I'm waiting. It can get quite painful if it stays like that without some sort of attention."

I shut up and she stood looking at me, face flushed. After a few moments and no action I sighed and spoke up again.

"Don't bother about it. If I'd realised that you were still a virgin and didn't know what to do I wouldn't have suggested it. Run along."

All the thanks I got was for her to glower at me.

"I'm not a virgin and I most definitely know what to do," she hissed at me. "I was just wondering if I should."

"Yes, yes. Well far be it from me to wound your delicate sensitivities by suggesting you touch a man. Off you go."

"Will you stop telling me what I can or can't do? I'm quite capable of making up my own mind."

Maybe I shouldn't have laughed but the whole thing suddenly struck me as ridiculous. Arguing over whether she should touch a stranger's cock? The laugh seemed to incense her even more.

One good thing about being flat on your back is that it means you can't fall over from shock, which is fortunate, because I got a hell of a one when she knelt next to me and her hot little hand closed over my cock. My immediate reaction was you've got to be fucking kidding me.

Kidding or not, she had a determined look on her face and a firm grip on my old fella. I let her go for a moment, not daring to speak. I also figured that now that she had the prize she wasn't quite sure what to do with it. She wasn't giving me a hand-job so much as feeling me up, exploring my equipment. I also noticed that she was breathing a bit harder and that her nipples were pushing against the flimsy material of her bikini top.

That top. It wasn't very large and she had managed to put quite a bit in it. It had a bow at the back of her neck and another in the middle of her back. They looked like simple bows to me. Not double knotted, which would be the smarter choice. While she concentrated on what she was doing I reached over and tugged on one of the bows.

The bow slipped undone and there was enough pressure against the cups to just pop the bra off, the cups falling away from her breasts. There came the expected squeal and she hastily slapped an arm across her breasts, giving me an angry look. Quite incidentally, she failed to let go my cock. I wonder why?

"How dare you. You had no right to do that," she snapped at me.

"Relax," I told her. "You can see I'm not trying to touch you. I just wanted to see them."

She looked away from me, still idly playing in a manner that was quite torturous. After a while her arm left her breasts, letting them swing uncovered and they swung very nicely indeed. I reached out and undid the other tie.

Another nasty look but she didn't say or do anything. A bit pointless as I'd already had a perfect view of her breasts. I let her get on with her playing.

"When you've finished playing are you going to suck it or sit on it?" I asked.

"What?" There was that scandalised tone again, suggesting that she had never considered sucking or sitting and never would consider them. 

"Well, all you're doing right now is making me harder. Seeing that you're not going to do a proper hand-job I assumed that you have another option in mind. Um, speaking of other options why don't you finish taking off your bikini? I'd really like to look at you."

Confuse her with multiple choices. Hand-job, blow job or regulation fuck? Bikini on or off? Decisions, decisions. She went with the easiest, probably figuring it would shut me up and I wouldn't push in the other area.

"Fine," she said, stood up, and slipped her bikini off, kneeling back down again. She also took hold of my cock again, continuing those light touches.

"Anyway, what's wrong with what I'm doing?" she demanded.

"Nothing," I said, and you could hear the strain in my voice. "It feels marvellous. It's just that it's not a hand-job and it will take a long time to get me worked up just touching me lightly."

"Oh, really? And just how am I supposed to be doing it?"

"Oh, come on. We've only just met. You can't expect me to explain all the ins and outs of the correct way to give a hand-job. Ah, might I suggest that if your knowledge of blow-jobs is on a par with the hand work you might be better just sitting on it. There's no way you could make a mess of that."

"Do you know how offensive and insulting you are? What on earth makes you think that I'd sit on you?"

"Um, no. How offensive and insulting am I? As for sitting on me, comes the dawn. You don't know how to do that, either, do you? You are a virgin and you haven't got the foggiest."

"I am not," she said, suppressed rage in her voice. "It's just that I've never been, um, that is I, um, you really are a bastard, aren't you?"

"Guilty as charged," I admitted. "You're trying to say you've always been done to rather than doing. I'm sure you'd be able to work it out if you wanted to."

Somehow I managed to sound extremely doubtful when I said that last line. From the look I got, I scored. She really was a hot-tempered little thing. One should never lose one's temper. It leads you into error.

After that last furious look she swung around, straddling me. From the way she seized my cock and started positioning it she knew precisely where it should go. She may not have done things this way before but she was a fast learner. It only took a moment of adjustment and then her hot little body was sinking onto me, her tight passage slowly enclosing me.

I didn't try to push up into her, even though the temptation was bloody hard to resist. I figured that any action on my part would either panic her or bring her to her senses. I just let her sink down, taking me deep, enjoying the feel of her on me. It was probably rather reprehensible of me but I was also enjoying the look on her face as she registered just what she was doing. If it wasn't for the pleasure of feeling myself in her I'd probably have laughed out loud.

She finished up neatly straddling me with my cock sunk to the hilt inside her sheath. She froze at that stage, looking absolutely horrified. 

She stuttered for a few seconds, trying to say something, but I don't think she knew what. Then she just gave me a helpless look, wanting to get off me but not quite daring.

"Why don't you just try rocking a little," I said softly. "You know, just a nice easy movement to see how it feels."

I saw her swallow nervously but then she did as I suggested. She rocked slowly back and forth, causing my cock to drag back and forth inside her. I could tell from the look on her face that it was stimulating her and she was starting to get interested. She now had a more determined look on her face - a sort of 'I started this and I can damn well do this' look.

She started rocking a little more vigorously, increasing the length of my quasi-strokes. I let her go for the moment, just taking what she was giving. As she moved I slowly took a more pro-active participation. My hands slid to her waist and then up until I was cupping her breasts. When she didn't protest I started rubbing her breasts, trying to match the rhythm that she'd started.

What she was doing wasn't enough. Not for me, anyway. A few moments more and my hands left her breasts, sliding around her and pulling her down so her breasts were now brushing against my chest. This, naturally enough, had a deleterious impact on her rocking. A slight change of style was required.

"Just move your hips," I suggested. "Slide up and down. Do you think you can manage that?"

She could. Quite easily. Now I was in a position to help things along. As she came sliding down my pole I thrust upwards. Pulling back as she lifted, I'd thrust firmly up into her on her return. It wasn't long and I was giving her a good fucking, even if she did consider herself to be in control.

She was concentrating on her own pleasure now, riding me hard and being ridden just as hard. Things continued like that for a while but the end was coming - for both of us. As far as I was concerned I was just about ready and, from the way she was acting, so was she.

I rolled over, taking her with me and under me. I paused for a second to let her catch her bearings and then I drove in fiercely, finishing her off hard and fast. I climaxed and she gave a small cry and then she was climaxing hard, clinging tightly to me as the pleasure just rolled over her.

We must have just lain there afterwards for a good five minutes. Then all of a sudden she gave a gasp and sat up. I gave a mental sigh and followed suit. She was looking slightly horrified.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"What's wrong? You great unfeeling brute. How can you ask what's wrong after what you just did?"

"Excuse me? After what I just did?" There was considerable emphasis on the 'I'.

"You know what I mean. I can't believe we did that. It's terrible."

"Ah, I see," I said thoughtfully. "You feel as though you've done something wrong?"

"Done something wrong? Of course I have. That behaviour is nothing like me. I'm just not like that."

"So, in other words, you've been a naughty girl." 

"If you must put it that way," she said, sounding irritated.

"Oh, I must. Indeed, I must. You know what happens to naughty girls?"

"What are you talking about?"

"Naughty girls get punished. As there's no-one else around I guess that it falls on me to punish you. Come along."

Fortunately she was on my right hand side and it was a simple matter to take her arm and drag her across my lap, face down, bottom up.

"What do you think you're doing?"

"Punishment. I just said that. I think a nice spanking will make you think twice about your future behaviour."

"What? You can't. . ."

Her voice broke off at that stage as my hand came down firmly upon her bottom, proving that I could. At the second spank she gave a small yelp and started to protest. The protests increased rapidly as I continued on my merry way, her bottom receiving a good firm paddling. 

I ignored her wriggling and squealing, delivering a nice little punishment for her transgression, something that she'd remember. Not that I overdid it. It was just simple chastisement, after all. Finally finished I picked her up and put her to one side, with her coming to rest on her hands and knees.

"No," I said sharply when she made a move to scramble to her feet. "I haven't finished yet."

She flung a glance over her shoulder, glaring at me, her mouth opening as if she was about to give me a blast. She saw that I was now kneeling, my cock once again hard and pointing. Moreover, it was pointing at her. She gasped and her head swivelled to the front very rapidly, not wanting to look at me.

"What are you going to do?" she asked, sounding nervous and expectant.

I pressed my cock firmly against her pussy. Not firmly enough to actually enter, but certainly enough to make my intentions known. 

"Guess," I told her.

"But, you can't. I mean, you just did."

It turned out I could. Well, why not? I was young and healthy. It doesn't take me long to recharge. It might take a while longer to actually shoot but I didn't mind the wait.

I drove firmly home and started pumping, only to have things interrupted while her passage clamped down on me and she had an orgasm. It appeared that her earlier exercise and the spanking had left her in a very aroused state and my sudden thrust was all that was needed to set her off.

"If you've quite finished," I murmured when she came down from her high, "I'd like to get this show on the road."

First time I've ever had a girl apologise to me for having an orgasm. I accepted it graciously and started moving, pulling back and plunging in hard, quite eager to do all that was necessary to achieve another climax of my own.

She didn't just squat there and take her punishment as an ordeal to be endured. She was pushing hard to meet me right from that first dominant thrust. I might be in charge but she was determined to do her bit.

Seeing I was controlling things (at least, I think I was) I established a faster rhythm than the earlier episode. Arms around her, holding her breasts, I plunged in, my arms helping to pull her onto me even as I thrust enthusiastically forward. 

What I did find a little frustrating was that she was ready to climax again before I was willing to let her. It took some manoeuvring to hold her just below that point while I climbed to reach it. She was almost writhing in her frustration towards the end.

I finally reached the level of excitement required to climax again. Happy that I would be doing so I gave her that little extra push, driving home and feeling her start to go before I was even fully in. Then we had our mutual satisfaction, winding up flat on our backs again, both of us totally spent.

This time it must have been ten minutes before she sat, up with me again doing the same. However, this time when she opened her mouth she promptly closed it again. She tried again but it appeared she had no idea of what to say.

"Ah, you have a problem?" I asked.

"How could you do that to me?" she demanded explosively.

"Well, you said you'd been a bad girl so I thought a spanking was appropriate." I sounded so innocent it was sickening.

"Not that. I mean after."

"But I thought you wanted me to. I mean, you stayed in position when you saw what I was going to do and you didn't say not to. Women generally like being made love to after they've been punished. It shows that they're still wanted and valued."

She grabbed her bikini and started putting it on, muttering something under her breath. Bikini on she snatched up her bag from where she'd dropped it earlier and marched off, indignation radiating from her. Still muttering what I was sure were derogatory comments she marched out of sight. 

It occurred to me that if the next day was fine I might just come down to the beach again. A little more tanning wouldn't hurt and one never knew who you might meet.