 ROOM LOG [July 2, 2000]

OnlineHost: *** You are in "hopeless romantic hut". ***

FXYLDDY 69: hi

AUSLANDUR: hello

FXYLDDY 69: So are you still headed down to lake?

AUSLANDUR: yes

FXYLDDY 69: And are you still thinking about buying the cabin?

AUSLANDUR: lol

FXYLDDY 69: I've always said you Cancer-types can be like kids in a candy shop. . .

AUSLANDUR: Hey you started this. . .

FXYLDDY 69: tee hee

AUSLANDUR: does that mean you will meet me for lunch, while I am in your neck of the woods?

FXYLDDY 69: Rough River Dam is not exactly my neck of the woods. 

AUSLANDUR: Kentuc ky State Parks: Rough River Dam State Resort Park 

FXYLDDY 69: You think every thing is as easy as sending a link don't you? What am I supposed to do with my son and my three dogs and my two birds and my job and my. . .

AUSLANDUR: I thought Jr. was home from U.D. You said he had really matured and seemed to be even more responsible. You said you were ready to meet in person. Are you having second thoughts.

FXYLDDY 69: Yes. You are still married.

AUSLANDUR: Separated

FXYLDDY 69: Same thing. And you spelled it wrong-some English teacher.

AUSLANDUR: lol

FXYLDDY 69: Look, I have said from the beginning, I am looking for fun. The last thing I need in my life is stress. I don't want to be "the other woman." I don't want to be in another messy relationship.

AUSLANDUR: lunch-remember. All I offered was lunch.

FXYLDDY 69: yeah right, Mr. Intensity. You are probably already dreaming up a plan to seduce me.

AUSLANDUR: well. . .

FXYLDDY 69: see

AUSLANDUR: You did say you wanted to have fun. . . the lake is beautiful. Besides, I need adult supervision-otherwise I am bound to do something compulsive like by the cabin without even touring it.

FXYLDDY 69: You are looking for adult something all right, but it darn sure isn't supervision. I know you just can't wait to get me down there and in the water.

AUSLANDUR: I do some of my best work wen wet. . .

FXYLDDY 69: See, I knew you had ulterior motives. I warned you that I had this effect on men.

AUSLANDUR: Yes I do and yes you did, but it is a bit too late for that. Look, I promise to be a gentleman, and keep the flirting to a slight trickle. Deal?

FXYLDDY 69: Lunch? Just lunch?

AUSLANDUR: Scout's honor. . .

The drive down from Ohio had been tiring. There seemed to be more than the usual number of idiots on the road today. Perhaps they, like us, were just hoping to take advantage of the long weekend. I had called you on the phone and the more we talked the more we realized we both wanted more than lunch. We made two sets of plans. One for romance, one for friends. When I arrived in Louisville we had a wonderful lunch. I am not sure what was more hungry, our mouth or our eyes. The entire time we ate, we seemed to savor each glance and slight touch. The prelude was incredible. Perhaps the build-up of months of AOL chatting and flirting was the ultimate form of mental foreplay. The atmosphere over the table had been electric.

A slight damper was put on the mood as we headed out of the Louisville area for the lake region. The highways were even more crowded. At least they were not coming to "our" woods. We had found the cabin listed online. It was the last private area of the new resort development going on in the western lake region. At first you had joked that if we ever had done more than flirt online, it would be the perfect place to "kick" the cyber habit. 

We had always talked about how we would meet. Over various chats and phone conversations. It became very obvious that we were kindred spirits. We just weren't sure if it was to be romantic, or platonic. The best part was that we had become close friends. The only frustration was the perplexing question of the nature of the next level of our friendship. We had decided that we needed a place to just get away and be alone, together.

We talked the entire time on the way south. The rolling hills seemed to push all of the anxious stress out of our minds. I am not sure at what point we had started holding hands, or who had reached for whose hand first-I just liked the way that it felt to touch you.

Turning off the main road, we drive the mile and a half through the woods, on the stone lane, to the cabin. Nestled in the woods, the cabin is somewhat isolated. The nearest "neighbor" is about a quarter-mile hike through the trees. We don't know if anyone is there for the weekend, nor do we really care. We unpack the car and quickly store our supplies and belongings. We agree it had been our good fortune to acquire the cabin. After taking a few minutes to look around, we talk of vague plans for our time here. Little do we know what the weekend holds in store for us. It is to be a weekend we will not soon forget. 

Although tired from the trip, we are excited at being here. Deciding to sit on the porch for a while, we take the folding chairs outside, placing them side by side on the porch. We snuggle there on the porch, your head on my shoulder, as close together as we can get in our chairs. The night air creeps through the trees and softly brushes over the front of the cabin, lifting the scent of your perfume and tickling our minds with the smell of honeysuckle, pine, and spruce. Here and there are the sounds of evening: the rhythmic chirping of crickets, a fluttering of wings as birds settle into their nests, and the quiet creaking of tree limbs. The world around us is preparing to bed down for the night and our thoughts are toward that end as well.

"Let's go for a walk" you suggest. 

"Where would you like to go?" 

"I don't know. Why don't we go down by the lake?" 

"Sure, why not."

I take your hand and we leave the cabin porch. The lake is but a short walk through the woods. We step into the clearing in front of the water. There, stretching out before us, lies the peaceful solitude of lake formed by the Rough River Dam.

The lake seems like a huge black mirror in the moonlight. Its quiet beauty is a reflection of times gone by and a tribute to those who would maintain the pristine quality of life around it. The sky has a few clouds drifting through it tonight and the moon is three quarters full. I hold you close as we gaze out over the still water. The moonlight dances across the lake and gently caresses the darkness. Looking into your eyes, I can see the outline of the trees surrounding the lake. I hold you even closer and lower my lips to yours. Our lips meet in a soft kiss. The smell of your perfume and the tenderness of your lips stirs me. As we press ourselves together, I feel the warmth of your body and the imprint of your breasts on my chest. The soft kiss becomes one of rising passion, matched by my rising erection. At first I am concerned that you will think I am moving to fast, but I feel your murmur and slight moan as your soft body presses around the stiffness. My hands begin roaming your body, tracing the outline through your clothes. I study your body as a blind man would - in Braille - feeling each contour as I explore.

The sight and the feel of your body brings joy to my heart and hardness to my loins. I push my thigh against you. You respond by spreading your legs slightly, allowing me to press into their junction. As your legs open, so do your lips and your tongue leaps into my mouth. It is a welcome intruder and our tongues meet in a wet greeting. Our intertwined legs begin to dance a sexual dance, rolling and rubbing against each others loins. As I press deeper into your valley, you reply by squeezing my thigh with your legs, searching for my prick. Feeling the warmth of your thighs against my rising prick increases the passion of our kiss and our tongues begin to do battle. 

Lowering my hands to your buttocks, I pull you tightly against me. Suddenly, you break away from my lips and body. "Let's go for a swim." Your eyes reflect a mischievous sparkle from within.

"But our bathing suits are back at the cabin"

The sparkle in your eyes becomes a glow. "Who needs a suit?", you ask, and begin to strip off your clothes. You divests yourself of all your earthly belongings and stand there in the nude. Your breasts push firmly into the night air, and your body glows in the light reflecting from the lake. Even the shadow you cast in the moonlight is exciting. "What's the matter?" you ask, "Are you chicken? Embarrassed? Come on!"

As you head toward the water, I realize that you are serious and hurriedly attempt to catch up to you. I strip away all that I possess (at the moment) and head for the shoreline. My prick slaps against my legs as I run. You are already in the water, playfully splashing and waving for me to come in. "I must be crazy," I think, and wade into the lake. The water is warmer than I had imagined and I am thankful for small favors. You are staring at my loins, obviously checking my hard-on, as I approach. The look in your eyes makes my cock twitch under the water.

You lie back in the water, allowing your body to float. Your breasts protrude above the water like a pair of beautiful islands in the moonlit lake. Your legs are open and inviting and I long to float into the paradise your offer. Reaching out in the moonlight I lightly touch your breasts, causing the nipples to become erect. I trace the water line around each breast and kiss each exposed island peak. My hands remain in constant contact with you as I move down your body and between your legs. Once there, I submerge my body until my face is at the level of the lake surface and move toward the harbor formed by your thighs. With the first kiss on your shores, your eyes close and a smile comes to your lips. I savor this first taste of you and my tongue flicks in the tartness of your excitement. I am intoxicated by the sweet, musky, taste and aroma of your pink fold.

Placing my hands under your buttocks, I lift you slightly to gain better access to your cove. I begin gently lapping at the shoreline, lightly splashing water as I tongue your slit. You are very wet from the lake and your own natural juices, and as I continue licking, you become even wetter. Teasingly, I circle your opening, occasionally dipping my tongue into you to pull out more of your juice. You begin to respond to my actions with slight pushes of your hips, encouraging me to find your sensitive areas, and I knead your buttocks in my hands. I search along the folds and find your love button. My tongue rakes back and forth across the hood of your clit and your excitement builds. I love the taste of your body and could eat your all evening. I decide to try to look for your G-spot while I tease you clit in my rolling lips. I slide one hand from underneath you and insert my finger deep inside. You moan and your shuddering body makes small ripples in the water. 

My probing finger waggles along the smooth silky folds of your deepest reaches until at last I find the smoothed area behind the enlarging hood of your vulva. I watch your eyes grow wide and I wonder if any of your previous lovers have done this for you. I continue my actions on your body, alternating deep thrusts of my finger hooking along your G-spot deep in your folds with attacks of my swirling tongue on your clit. Pulling your loins against my face, I extend my tongue as far into you as I can, wiggling it in the space under my working finger to lick the honey from the walls of your pot. Your sweetness melts in my mouth. I turn my attention to your clit and you reply by pressing up and onto my probing finger and tongue. Using rapid strokes, I toss your clit from side-to-side with my tongue. Back and forth, then up and down, and finally in circles, I leave no direction untried as I push you toward orgasm. The response of your body to my actions only serves to encourage me and I pleasure your body with a vengeance.

I have but one goal in mind now - I want to make you cum. It is difficult for me to control your movements and I know you must be close to a climax. Again and again I lap at your clit, bringing you ever onward, until you cannot stand it any longer. Your body begins to shudder as your orgasm hits. I slowly remove my finger, but never leave your clit, clamping down gently with my experienced lips. Pulling your loins tight against my face, I dip into your slit to feel the contractions with my tongue. I want to taste your cum. I lick and suck at you, capturing the juices as they flow from within. 

You begin to relax, but I continue licking and sucking. Finally satisfied that I have drained you completely, I pull you into a standing position. My prick, now a raging hard-on, stands away from my body. You slide along my torso, your thighs close around my rudder. The moonlight shimmers on the water and lights your face. Brushing back the hair from your eyes, I stare into their warmth. We both smile in satisfaction and kiss passionately. Your thighs are warm and I cannot resist the urge to thrust my prick back and forth between them. You reach down between our bodies, grip my shaft, and begin stroking. Your hand slides along the length of my cock, testing my hardness. "I want you," you say, "I want to feel you in me." To punctuate your statement you raise your hips, open your legs, and wrap them around my waist. 

Holding my prick, you press forward and onto my cock. The combination of your slippery sleeve, and your exceptional aim, results in a direct hit. I sink deep into your sheath. 

We moan in unison as the mating is completed and press our bodies tightly together. We pause to allow the sparks of this, our first penetration, to escape then begin the rhythm of sex. Our bodies work together. I slide my rigid pole in and out of the confines of your channel. Our eyes lock together and we savor the moment that we both had dreamed of for months. I whisper your name over and over again.

I begin to get used to your body. I move methodically by inserting. . .deeply, then withdrawing. . .slowly, leaving only enough of my cock inside of you to maintain the union. Gripping your buttocks I squeeze you further onto my erection and you allow your legs to float upward in the water, providing me free access to your body. The lake begins to churn in response to our lovemaking. The once quiet waters ripple from one end of the lake to the other and back again. Like fish spawning we continue our actions.

Pushing....pulling....pushing again. Inserting....withdrawing....inserting....withdrawing....inserting. Just as a needle on a record gets stuck in a well-used groove, I, too, am stuck - in your groove! Holding your flexing ass in my hands, I tilt your hips and pull my cock out, until just the head is tucked in your folds. Driving fully into you I push the full length of my cock into you, hitting the back wall of your vagina. The contact causes us to moan. I withdraw my rod and attack you again. The feeling is intense - for both of us. Time and time again I plunge deep within you. The water cushions my actions and washes around our bodies in a maelstrom. You lower your legs, to increase the pressure on my cock, and wrap them around my waist again. You roll your hips in response to the piston in your chamber and push your clit onto the top of my prick. We try to increase the speed of our motions, but the water prevents us from moving any faster.

The slower pace does have its advantages, however. I have the time to feel your inner walls gripping my shaft as I penetrate your sheath, and you have the pleasure of feeling the full length hardness of my cock rubbing against your clit. We continue to fuck in the water, my cock sliding in...out...in...out...in; deep....shallow....deep....shallow....deep; filling your sleeve with my prick, pressing my cock into you and causing our pleasure to mount. I can feel the build-up of pressure in my balls and I want to squirt my cum in you -- I want you to cum again and again -- I want to feel our cum mix together around my prick.

You begin pressing your clit even harder on my cock and I know you are ready to cum. Your body twitches and jerks as your climax hits. Your orgasm is almost violent and I can feel your vaginal walls close in around my prick, squeezing my shaft as you cum. A few more thrusts into you and my eruption begins. I grab your ass and pull you as far onto my cock as I can to plant the first spurt as deeply inside you as possible.

Pressing into you for the second spurt, I try to place it next to the first; firing my weapon at the target again and again, until my ammunition is spent. As our orgasms retreat, our tongues extend to meet again in passion. We are probably not the first to have made love in these waters, and we will certainly not be the last. But, for the time being, we have been the best. And as stillness slowly returns to the lake, we can hear the waves we have created quietly applauding on the shore. 

We reluctantly wade to the shore and retrieve our clothes, but we do not put them on. We walk hand in hand, nude, through the trees and back to the cabin. Our bodies still tingle from a combination of the act of love just completed and the cool night air.