 David and Kerri had been dating for 2 years and were mad for each other, they went everywhere and could not leave each others side, even when it was time to go back to their separate homes.

David had a close friend who owned a beautiful cabin up north surrounded by a lake known for its fishing and amazing views of the stars and sunrise.

Kerri had never seen the cabin but heard all about it from David who had visited it once or twice when he'd go fishing, something Kerri hadn't yet liked to do with David, which never really bothered David all the much. As they both agreed that as much as the loved each other and wanted to be together all the time they did need some time alone.

The weekend was fast approaching and David and Kerri needed some relaxation as both of them had been working long hours and hadn't seen much of each other. David was able to score the cabin for the weekend and talked to Kerri about spending the weekend there, Kerri was excited to get away from the city and her parents who she was living with when she wasn't with David at his place.

David and Kerri arranged to take an early leave from work Friday and head up north before the mad rush. David packed his fishing gear incase there was time to do a little fishing but he wasn't worried if he couldn't just being alone with Kerri was what he wanted most. David and Kerri could always be alone at his place but Kerri seemed tight and very often found it hard to unwind and let herself go. David was determined to make sure Kerri really found herself this weekend.

When David arrived at Kerri's house she was packing a few last minute things. David smiled when he saw Kerri manly because of the sheer cotton summer dress she was wearing plus she had on a pair of black cowboy boots that really sit off Kerri's long legs. David stood there looking at her for a while as she packed her things, Kerri noticed he was just standing there looking at her and ask him are you just going to stand there or are you going help me. David said he was sorry and told her he couldn't help it, as she was looking really good. Kerri smiled at what David said, she always liked when he would tell her how beautiful she looked and didn't mined if he told her that he didn't like something about her. Kerri was in to pleasing David and respected him for his honesty.

Before she met David she was very self-conscious and lacked esteem, but over the two years together she started feeling better about herself and changing the way she dressed hence allowing herself to wear such a sheer cotton dress.

David walked over to Kerri and grabbed her in his arms and gave her a hot steamy kiss as he ran his hands down her back and cupped her tight ass, Kerri let out a low moan and pulled herself closer to Dave's body. David squeezed Kerri's ass a little tighter just to be bad. Again Kerri moan only this time a little louder then the first moan. She looked at David and said stop your making me all hot, to which David replied the hotter the better. This weekend is all about you he told her as he hugged her and gave her one more kiss on the lips.

David picked up Kerri's bags and heading for the car, as Kerri was saying goodbye to her folks and told them she'd called when they arrived. Kerri's parents liked David and were glad he was Kerri's steady boyfriend, as she didn't have a lot of friends. They were always wondering when they would get married, as they were both 30yrs old but they never forced the subject on him. David waved goodbye as he got into his car Kerri went to get something from one of her bags then got in the car as David pulled out of the driveway and took off for their fun filled weekend alone. 

Traffic was light for the time of day and David was glad they decided to leave early, last thing he needed was to be stuck in traffic, but as he looked at Kerri sitting there in her dress he wouldn't mind it so much. Kerri looked over at David and gave him a smile and said she is up to trying anything this weekend. David couldn't help but smile back as his mind raced with evil thoughts.

David turned on the radio and Kerri's favorite sang came on, how perfect is this he said to Kerri, the weather is great, we're going to be alone, your looking totally hot and your favorite song is on. Yeah we're really in for a treat this weekend especially you she said very low but David heard it but made it seem like he didn't.

It was a very hot day and David notice the temp gauge climbing high so he pulled into a gas station to check the car and top up the gas tank. He apologized to Kerri and said it might get hot, as he had to turn off the car. She said it was fine and went into the store to look around and use the restroom as they still had a long way to go. Kerri came back as David was still filling up the car and checking under the hood, he closed the hood looked at Kerri and said all was good and went inside to pay. Kerri was getting hot from the heat and decided to be bold and removed her bra she wanted to remove her panties to but figured it would distract David from driving.

When David got back he hadn't noticed that Kerri wasn't wearing her bra or if he did he made it seem like he didn't, Kerri found it strange that he didn't notice, as her dress was sheer. David started up the car and turned the a/c on high and pulled out of the station, he smiled at Kerri and said off we go.

It was still very hot in the car as the A/C was struggling to keep up, David looked over at Kerri and could see sweat running down her neck and arms. Then he noticed how her cotton dress was clinging to her body and at that moment he realized Kerri wasn't wearing her bra as he saw her warm soft skin through the cotton.

A blast of cold air hit Kerri and it instantly made her nipples go hard which David could see clearly as the dress was clinging tight to her chest from her sweat. He was speechless at first then said wow you never looked so hot, when did you remove your bra. Kerri looked over and said when you went to pay for the gas, I got so hot that I just had to get out of it. I thought you would have noticed when you got back but you didn't. David was surprised that he didn't but figured he was concerned about the car and getting back on road.

David was driving at a steady speed and was smiling as he kept looking over at Kerri and her hard nipples and semi exposed breasts, wishing he could take them in his hands and caresses them and sucks those rock hard nipples. It was starting to get hot so he turned up the air ever colder. This made Kerri moan as the cold air brushed over her. She noticed that her nipples had gotten ever harder, her nipples usually got hard when she was cold or aroused by David needing on them, as he loved to do. But this time they were so hard she thought they'd break at the slightest touch. She was thinking how great it would be to have David suck on them while they were so hard the thought of his warm tongue circling around her ample tits and how he'd flick her harden nipples was driving her mad with passion she never felt before. She truly believed that this was going to be a weekend of pure pleasure and she couldn't wait any longer.

David turned his attention back to road as he was approaching a sharp bend in the road, which made the seatbelts tighten against their bodies, this gave Kerri an even greater feeling of pleasure as the cotton clung tighter and her nipples rubbed against it made her moan. Not to mention that a river of sweat was running down her bare chest, David took his attention off the road and watched Kerri as she enjoyed the feeling. Looking at what he was seeing he began to feel a stiffness growing in his jeans, Kerri looked over and noticed that his jeans had gotten tighter and realized she was making him hard and smiled a wicked little smile that David had never seen before. This made David even harder and he shifted in his seat. He wasn't sure how much more of this he could take and continued to drive on and tried no to look at Kerri and started thinking about anything but her, all the while his raging hard-on stayed with him and Kerri could see that he wasn't going soft. The roads had a few small turns in it then finally straighten out; he was wishing his cock would do the same as it was starting to hurt all press up inside his jeans. Kerri could see David was in pain and took her seatbelt off and leaned forward, kissed him and said I know what you need. With that she undid his jeans and pulled out his hard cock, but before she did anything she wanted to make sure he was really hard so she pulled her dress off her shoulders and exposed her breasts to him which made his cock twitch and stiffen. Kerri smiled and leaned forward and took David's cock into her hot warm mouth and processed to suck him while he drove.

This was the first time Kerri ever did anything like this and David was just enjoying it while it lasted it. Kerri was sucking David hard and taking him as far as she could take him, David noticed that her nipples seemed be even harder now and was amazed that they could have gotten that hard, he had seen them hard but never like this. Kerri was letting out moans as she slide his cock in and out of her mouth and as she did she grabbed her breasts and squeezed them and pulled her hard nipples. She was really getting into it when she sinced that David was getting close to cumming so she tighten her grip on his cock and drew him in for what was going to be an intense orgasm like he had never felt before. Kerri drew back them push him in and felt his cock tighten and release that warm hot liquid down her throat. She held him in her mouth and sucked until she knew he was dry. She pulled back slowly to allow him to savor the feeling of her mouth on his hot cock and was hit with another small load of cum and was amazed he was able to came again. She withdrew his cock from her mouth and looked up at him, he was smiling and looked at her and said wow that was amazing one of your best thanks. Kerri placed her dress back on her shoulders and fastened her seatbelt and enjoyed the rest of the ride. Little was said during this time but they both knew things were going to different this weekend.

David and Kerri were getting closer to the lake as the area was becoming more familiar to David. As he was approaching a large hill the view of the lake and surround tress came into view and Kerri's eyes opened wide as she took in the most beautiful sight she'd ever seen. She looked at David and said this is beautiful, he said it gets better as we drive more in.

David drove past the small row of shops that lead to a small back road then made a sharp right onto a gravel road lined with spruce and maple trees to the right was the lake. They drove on past the road became more secluded and the trees got thicker, the lake seem to disappear from all the trees but Dave told Kerri that the cabin backed onto the lake and that its was very private. That's why he likes to fish there, as he wasn't bothered by other people going by in their boats. He also said it was the perfect place for skinny-dipping especially at night as the moon would hang over the lake. Kerri raised her eyebrows at him and smiled.

As they came over a small hill Kerri saw a stone wall with gates and David said here we are. David pulling into the long circular type driveway that was lined with the same spruce and maple trees, in the middle of the lot stood the most beautiful cabin ever, stone walls mixed with logs picture windows overlooking the front drive and the water. Over to the left they could see an old Ford pickup truck and Kerri was worried that David's friend hadn't left and that their weekend was over. David told Kerri that the truck was always parked there as it was only used to pickup supplies from town. 

David led Kerri up to the door of the cabin and unlocked it, when he opened the door Kerri was blown away by how beautiful the inside was. The walls were the same mix of stone and wood logs, the ceilings were high with log beams and there was a stone fireplace with a large white rug set in front of it. She often wondering what it wold be like to make love on a rug in front of a roaring fire. It always seemed romance in movies but she thought she'd never get to do it or have the courage to try it. Something told her she'd get to live out her fantasy.

David walked up behind Kerri and wrapped his arms around her waste and held her tight, them kiss the back of her neck, them moved to her left ear he knew she loved it when he'd suck on her ears and she let out a soft moan. He held her tighter then spun her around and kissed her lips. They stayed like that for while then broke their embrace. David said he was going to unpack the car and told Kerri to explore the cabin, at first she just sat down and stared at the stone fireplace, she was tired from the long drive but didn't want to just sit around she did enough sitting in the car. She started to walk around the cabin while David continued to bring stuff in. Kerri came to the bedrooms and found one that had a large bed with a beautiful oak headboard that had carvings, it was a high bed but was still low enough that you could kneel down and still be eye level. There was another rug like the one in the main room by the fireplace, she notice a few pictures of David on the wall and night stand and figured that this was David's own room when he'd stayed here. 

David was coming in when he noticed Kerri in the room and said good you found my room. Kerri said it was a beautiful room, David told her that the bathroom was attached to the room, she went to look at it and was surprised to see a large sunken tub and shower. The tub looked like it allowed 3 people to bathe together if you were into that kind a thing. 

Kerri was taking the entire cabin in and was amazed at how wonderful it was. She had never imaged it was this beautiful, David said it was special but words could ever do justice and he was right. David walked into the room and looked at Kerri who was lying on the large bed and notice that her nipples were still hard. He said you look so beautiful lying there on the bed and walked over to her and gently kissed her as he slide onto the bed next to her. Kerri rolled to her side then managed to roll on top of David which was always his favorite position as he could look up into her eyes and had full access to her ample chest. 

Kerri leaned forward and kissed him hard on the lips then whispered in his ear about her fantasy of making love by the fire on the rug. David laid there still as he looked at Kerri smiling at him then he grabbed her and held her tight against him. He said he might be able to make that happened.

Kerri asked David if he'd be mad if she took a nap to refresh herself from the long drive. David said he had no problem with that and said he'd go out and fish or set things up. He told her to make sure she checked out the hot tub on the deck. She said she would as he left the room. Kerri sat at the edge of the bed and pulled off her cowboy boots then stood up and let her cotton dress fall to the floor. There she stood with only her black panties on oh how she wished David were still in the room to see her. But she knew she needed some rest if she was going to be up for fooling around which she figured would last through the night.

She walked in to the bathroom and admired herself in the long mirror that hung in the room. She noticed that her nipples were still hard and wondered if they would soften, but she didn't mind at the moment, as she liked the feel of them hard and out there. She could feel herself unwinding and enjoying her lusty feelings. She ran the water in the tub and splashed some water over her body enough to just wash away some of the days sweat. As she draped the water over her sensitive breasts and nipples she slowly ran her hands around them and needed them and even tweaked her harden nipples as she did she started to moan like she was on fire.

She dried herself off and head over to the bed and slide on into it. It was nice and soft on her almost bear skin, she was still wearing her panties which were damp from her sweat, she reach down and pulled them off while still under the covers. She rub her hand across her pussy and felt that she was wet and figured it was from the heat and possible from being aroused from sucking David's cock and all the kissing and her still hard nipples. She was just about to remove her hand when her index finger found its way into your warm wet pussy, it felt good there and se started to move it around much like Dave did when they'd give each other oral. She added another finger and started picking up rhythm as she pushed in and out of her wet pussy. She started moaning uncontrollably and was grabbing at her tits as she was hit by one of the strongest orgasm she's had. David had given her orgasms before but this time when she did it was stronger and it almost brought her to tiers, as it was so stronger. She lay there enjoying the sensation and knew she'd be ready for tonight, then she fell asleep.

David was outside by the waters edge with his fishing rod in one hand and a cold beer in the other enjoying what was left of the afternoon. The long drive had made him tired but he was use to being tired. He drank his beer and waited for the fish to bit, there wasn't much action as it was late and the sun was still hot. He tied one more worm on the hook and casted out his line and drank down the last of his beer. When he had enough of fishing he put down his rod and went to collect some firewood, as he knew the nights could get chilly plus he wanted Kerri to have her fantasy come true.

He placed the wood in the stone fireplace, then went to the kitchen and got two wineglasses and placed then on the table near the fireplace. He found some candles and also placed them around the table, the mantel and some on the floor by the rug. He wanted this to be perfect for Kerri.

He quietly walked into the bedroom were he saw Kerri sound asleep, he noticed her cotton dress on the floor and slowly picked it up and hung it over a chair to dry. Then his eyes lit up and a smile came to his face when he saw her panties on the floor and knew that under those sheets she was naked. He headed for the bathroom were he stripped his clothes and ran a semi hot shower, he hoped the sound of the water hadn't woken Kerri up. He dried himself off and returned to the room and saw that Kerri was still sleeping so he slowly climbed into the bed and laid there next to her. He lifted the covers just so he could look at her naked body he never got tired of looking at her naked body. He leaned over and gently kissed her forehead and whispered I love you, then passed out.

About an hour later Kerri woke up and found David beside her and wondered how long she'd been asleep. She too lifted the covers and saw that David was naked and smiled at the sight of his cock and hard body. She too leaned over and kissed his forehead. He stirred a bit then woke up to the most beautiful set of eyes looking at him and reached out and pull Kerri to him and kissed her.

Since they had both rested David decide to return the favor he received in the car and forcefully pulled the sheets away from Kerri's body and revealed her naked body. Almost instantly her nipples grew hard maybe it's the ceiling fan above them or just the way David had taken the sheets off her. She laid there as David surveyed the beauty that lay before him. Kerri seem nervous though they'd been this way many times it just seem different this time and she didn't know what to expect plus she had already got herself off. Seeing how her nipples got hard so fast she figured she was primed and ready.

David started to kiss Kerri's lips then moved to her ears and down her neck giving small but tender bits along the way. He kissed a trail down the middle of her chest bone and rested his chin between her breasts. He lifted his head look down at Kerri and them started to lick at her hard nipples starting on the left and moving to the right circling every inch of her B sized breasts. He grabbed hold of them and needed them like you'd needed dough, he brought one to his mouth and then the other one to his mouth each time sucking harder on her nipples. He let go of her breasts and was kissing his way down her body, he stopped at her belly button and licked it with his tongue driving her mad as she started to buck her body upwards. David continued to lick at her belly as he ran his hands along her long legs and then found her ever growing wet pussy and slowly rubbed his hands a long her lips and then inserted a finger then two pushing deep inside her. With his fingers still inside her he made his way back up to her breasts and again sucked them. 
