 This story, while it stands alone, does not give the full description of Isabella.  Please feel free to read previous stories to get the feel of her properly

*

Isabella and I had been dating quite some time and lately it seemed most of our dates seemed to be spent on the couch, cuddling and watching television. Not that those things are bad, because, they aren't and I love my time with her, but, sometimes it's nice to just get out. 

I was sitting at work when her familiar text tone ringed my phone: "I have an idea: tomorrow night will be Date night, so pick me up at home around 5". I saw that and a smile crept on my face, intrigued as to what she had planned. 

I thumbed a response, knowing I probably wouldn't get the answer I was looking for, but, I thought, 'Oh what the Hell, if I don't ask, I'll never know'. So, I asked what she had planned.

A few minutes went by. I looked at my phone a few hundred times and right as I put it down, it beeped. I quickly opened the text and was greatly frustrated, but oh in such a good way. All she had written was "You shall have to wait". One of my pet peeves is to not know something or being surprised with something. But, I also know Isabella; anything she has a surprise is going to be good!

That night when I got to her place, it was business as usual. I was greeted by the same hello, the same smile and the same business I expect to see every night, with no hint of what might be in store. 

That evening, I dropped a few hundred hints, trying to get her to talk about what she had planned. Every trailer that played on television that night caused me to look at her to see if there was maybe a hint that she had plans to take me to one. Every restaurant commercial I did the same. Nothing. All I saw were just those beautiful blue eyes shining and that ever present smile. 

That night we went to bed early, and although she fell right to sleep, I smiled with her in my arms and stayed up for the next few hours hoping maybe she would talk in her sleep so I could figure out her devious plan. No such luck. But, at least I tried, right?

The next day I was thinking about her all day. I thought of her eyes. I thought of her beautiful lips. I thought of how wonderful her smile was. I thought of her perfect body, her hourglass figure, and how perfect her breasts were. Oh my, how perfect they are....

When I looked up at the time and realized it was getting closer to 5pm, I grew even more excited. I felt that familiar feeling of the warm blood rushing, causing my pants to tighten around my rising manhood. I had no idea what Isabella had in store for me, but I knew one thing, that woman knew how to turn me on.

It was finally time to go pick her up, so I drove over to her place and as I pulled into the drive, Isabella walked out. She was wearing a red blouse and a black skirt. Wow!! And as I looked up and down her body, I saw her smile, knowing that I was already having a great time.

Before I could get out, she raced to the door and slid into my Jeep. I leaned over and she kissed me. It was the most perfect kiss. Her lips, moist, lingered for a moment and pulled my lower lip lightly into her mouth. She then smiled and told me to head on down the street and head south on the highway. I pulled away from the curb and headed down the road. As I did, I reached over and caressed her leg. Her legs are so smooth, and lightly muscled, giving them the most fantastic shape. 

I pulled my hand away for a moment as we moved onto the highway to shift gears and I must have delayed a little long, as after a few moments, Isabella's hand found mine and pulled it back to her thigh. She giggled a bit, smiled, and then pulled my hand just under the hem of her skirt. I nearly took it a bit further but she squeezed my hand, letting me know it was to stay!

As we continued south, to the unknown location, I began making small circles on her leg and slowly moved my hand further up her leg. Isabella sat back in the seat and a small moan escaped her lips. Her legs, voluntarily or involuntarily, I'm not sure, began opening and closing. 

A few moments later, she slid her hips slightly up and forward, giving me a bit more access to her upper thigh. As I continued my caressing, I could feel the heat beneath her skirt. The heat in my own pants was rising as well, and pretty soon I was going to need to adjust, or I was going to be quite uncomfortable. 

Isabella slid her hips slightly up and forward as the warmth beneath her skirt began to be unbearable. Her legs spread as my hand crept further and further up her leg. I looked over and saw her eyes were mostly closed, her lips pursed as she controlled her breathing and moved forward, forcing my hand to meet her warm panties. I felt the slick material against my fingers and as I pressed further, I felt her wetness creeping through the thin fabric. 

She made a small sound as my fingers felt her swollen labia thru the fabric. My mind was going wild as I was trying to pay attention to the road and at the same time, picture my actions and also picture the color of her panties. I know, crazy, but, it was driving me nuts not knowing. 

Isabella spread her legs even further and I reached past the thin material and spread her warm lips. I slid my finger up and found her swollen bud. Her clit was so hard and I could almost swear I could feel it pulse. As my finger and thumb slid around it and lightly pumped it (she really likes that when I do that), her breath caught for a moment. As she began to exhale, she let out the sexiest moan. 

There are many beautiful things in this world, and one is definitely Isabella. But when she moans... Wow!! That can be one of the most beautiful things I have ever heard!! Someday, I'm going to have to record it, just to listen to and put a smile on my face on those not so good days.

I let my fingers fall up and down, in and out as we moved down the road. Suddenly, as I thought she might be coming close to orgasm, she sat up quickly and closed her legs, trapping my hand! "Here" she said, pointing at a dirt road off to the right. "Turn right here".

I turned down the road, excited to see what was next on the agenda. At the same time, I was mildly disappointed Isabella had stopped my fun filled groping and still had my hand trapped between her legs. A few moments later, she slightly opened her legs and smiled as she removed my hand. Damn... 

I took my hand back, but threw back the sheepish look I was going to offer, and instead, since my fingers were still a bit wet, I looked at her with a most serious look and slowly cleaned off her juices with my tongue. Isabella raised her eyebrows, gave a sultry smile, and then giggled. 

The road began to turn and I could see a cabin in the distance. The road stopped beside the cabin, and I looked over at her again. She pulled her skirt back over her thighs and her smile grew exponentially.

I pulled up to the cabin and shut off the Jeep. Before I could get my door open and do the chivalrous action of opening her door, Isabella had already jumped out and closed the door. She moved to the cabin door. I had to stop for a moment and look. What an amazing body. The way her blouse flowed across her chest, but came close at the waist; the way her skirt hugged her amazing ass and trailed along her athletic thighs... I could barely hold back.

Isabella waited by the door and as soon as I was within reach; she grabbed my hand and led me through the front door. Once we were inside, she turned and grabbed the back of my head, pulling me in for a kiss. My hands went around her, one on her shoulder and the other moving across her warm lower back, pulling her against me. Our tongues danced a wonderful waltz and it didn't take long before I felt her hips unconsciously press against mine. I could feel the warmth against my growing erection. As her hips opened up and she pressed her mound against it, Isabella moaned into my mouth, causing me to become even more aroused. She pressed even deeper and although my mind was full of an amazing amount of distraction, I could feel the precum start to load in the tip of my cock. It seemed she could feel it too as she moaned again, her hands leaving my head and moving down my back, to my waist. 

I hated to break the kiss but I reached down so I could unbutton her blouse. She obviously didn't want to stop kissing either as she kissed me, broke off, and kissed me again as she undressed me. 

As soon as my pants hit the floor, I looked down at Isabella. She was gorgeous. Her skin was radiant. Her breasts were swollen and heaving as she stood there wearing only a red bra and red lacy thong. I took a step back and could see her pussy was stretching the material between her legs; she was ready.

She stepped back up to me and with one move, ripped down my boxer briefs. They hit the floor and her tongue began probing my mouth again as she put her hand around my extremely hard cock, caressing it slowly, squeezing the shaft hard and letting her fingers tickle the head before going back for another stroke. She turned quickly, not letting go, and led me to the back of the cabin by my penis, to the bedroom. 

She turned as we approached the bed, and as she did, she smiled. I reached down and removed her panties, kissing her belly and hips as I did. I came back up, and slowly reached back to release her bra as I went in for another kiss. As the fabric fell off her back, I reached up and moved my hands across her wonderfully smooth flesh. I felt her nipples harden even more under my touch. Her breasts were perfect, spilling slightly from my large hands, her nipples catching between each finger as I moved them in a circular motion. 

Isabella spoke for the first time in several minutes: "I want you".

Never have I heard better, more exciting words, and my erection jumped at the sound of her voice and again at the content. She looked down at the cock that had just jumped against her hip and she saw the precum that had formed. She reached down with her finger, and I expected her to maybe spread it along the head, but instead she pulled the viscous fluid onto her finger and brought it up to her tongue. I wasn't sure if I could even possibly be more turned on at the moment when she licked it off, cleaning her finger and moaning. I wasn't sure if it was for my benefit or if she was as turned on by doing it as I was watching it. She closed her eyes for a moment, as if savoring the flavor, then rushed forward. Our tongues crashed together and I felt her use her hips to reposition my hard member at the top of her mound.

We began moving against each other. My cock was so hard rubbing against her lower abdomen and I could feel the warmth of her breasts against my bare chest. As we would move in position, I could feel how hard her nipples were as they would graze my skin, continuing to build the intensity of my arousal. I opened my eyes for a moment, and saw we were very close to the bed. I took advantage of the moment and broke off the kiss long enough to push her back. 

Isabella's eyes widened as she fell backward, and before she could recover, I slid my body along hers, kissing quickly across her belly, the bottoms of her breasts, each nipple and finally along her right collar bone. Her legs opened and I felt her hand grab onto my cock. I so badly wanted to taste her first, but Isabella had other ideas as I felt her rub my hardness along her very wet slit. She positioned me and held on for just a moment before she repeated her words from before: "I want you".

I tried to enter slowly, but as I felt her lips part and the warmth envelope my swollen manhood, my cock decided it had a mind of its own and took advantage of her wetness. I slid into her, with one, long, deep stroke. I felt her wonderful sheath envelop me, her tightness spread around the thickness of my shaft. 

As I was in as deep as I could be, I felt her throb from inside, her cervix pressing against the head of my penis. She let out a moan, one that sounded mixed with feelings of fullness, pain, pleasure and need. I held there for just a few moments, letting her body relax around my invasiveness. 

She became an animal suddenly, pulling my face to hers, and her hips driving upward to meet mine. I started to piston in and out, feeling her lips slid along my shaft, pull inward and flow outward. I couldn't believe how hot she was inside and out. The passion of her kisses increased as I put more weight on her, pressing my shaft against her clit. 

I had to shorten my strokes, but as I did, she pulled me deep and I felt spasms against my cock, driving me mad. I sat up and threw her legs up, placing her feet against her chest. I didn't want to cum, but I wasn't ready for her to either. So, knowing that this position would put me against her g-spot, but leave me in control, I moved my hips so the head of my penis would rub against her sensitive area. Several minutes I stayed in this position, delivering her pure pleasure, while I looked upon her body. She was so beautiful below me. 

Her hands pulled at the sheets, pulled at the pillows, and occasionally, when she was completely unaware of her actions, I saw her caress her own nipples, which were sticking up into the cool air. As the sheen on her breasts from her sweat started to increase, I felt the pressure inside her build again. It was time.

I quickly pulled out and as she looked up with a feeling of abandonment, I placed my head between her legs. She tried to push me away, but, I could tell she was feigning. It was easy to tell, as her hand attempted lightly to press me away, her hips slid forward until coming into contact with my chin. Her lips were so swollen and engorged and I could see her clitoral hood rising from the pressure of her erect little bud. 

I lightly slid two fingers into her still open pussy and pressed slowly against the sides as my tongue finally reached up to her clit. Her body rocked and jumped from the touch and I knew I was in the right area. I curled my fingers and kept them in an open "V" stroking the outer sides of her g-spot. I took her clit in between my lips and started using my lips to stroke her sensitive button. 

I could hear her moaning, and trying to hold onto reality as I used my lips and fingers to caress her. With my free hand, I travelled up her body and found her left breast. I lightly pinched her nipple and let go. I then timed my pinches. I would squeeze as I would suck in on her clit, then release with my fingers as I would release with my mouth. I could feel her pussy flooding inside as I continued to stroke. 

It wasn't long before suddenly I felt her tighten, her moans become more of a growl, and I moved my fingers to pull down on her g-spot, pulled her clit in my mouth and squeezed harder on her nipple. One of her hands grabbed my hair and the other grabbed the sheets as her growl turned into a scream of pleasure. Her hips moved up and down, ravishing my face as her orgasm flowed. I was rewarded with a mouthful of her fluids as I released her button and moved down, taking my fingers out and replacing them with my tongue. Her orgasm lasted nearly a minute and I nearly thought she fainted as she didn't breathe after her screams and convulsions. Finally I heard the intake of breath and her slight mewing as I kissed her inner lips in the most loving and intimate manner I could.

Isabella pulled me up, and brought her mouth to mine. She kissed me in a most uncivilized and purely sexual way, even tasting her own juices off my lips and beard. My cock was so hard at this point and slipped deep within her again. She continued to kiss me as I pumped into her. 

She pushed me off and rolled me over. She then went down and began licking her own orgasmic juices off my cock. Her hand moved quickly up and down as she licked me from the top of the head to the bottom of my shaved balls. She took the time to pull each ball into her mouth while stretching out my cock with her hand. I was getting so close to cumming. I so wanted to come in her. 

I told her I was close and wanted to come in her. She changed positions and placed one of her hands on my thigh, trapping me against the bed and the other began to work my shaft quicker and more firmly as she sucked on the sensitive and swollen head. I couldn't help but thrash on the bed below her. I screamed "I'm gonna cum" and as I did, I felt Isabella reach down and press on my asshole as she took my entire cock in her mouth. I couldn't help it. I came. I came hard. The entire world stopped as all I could feel was the amazing sensation of the ultimate orgasm as she swallowed both my semen and my cock while pressing against me. 

I shivered. I screamed. I nearly cried. I could not believe the emotion or the physical feeling Isabella gave me. After a few moments, before my cock had a chance to soften, I felt her climb up my body, place my cock in her swollen pussy, and she collapsed on my chest. She kissed me. She kissed me deeply, and I could taste her, I could taste me, and due to my love for her, it never once bothered me. While we kissed, I felt her pussy pulsing around my cock. Before long, it softened and we just laid there, my arms wrapped around her, stroking her back.

She lifted her head after a while and asked how it was. "Amazing" was all I could say. And it was true. 

She looked at me, smiled, and exclaimed, "Just wait till later. There's a hot tub here, and I have plans for more tonight!" 

I just smiled. In Heaven. A hot tub? Yes!