 When I woke up, Isabella was lying next to me. My right arm was under her head, my left arm over her body. My hand was warm and was covered by hers, held firmly against her right breast, nestled in my hand. I lightly squeezed to see if she was awake. There was no response. 

Well, that's not entirely true. As soon as I squeezed, I felt my cock start to swell. I felt that warm familiar feeling and the pulsing inside as it slowly expanded, pressing deeply into the cleft of her beautiful ass. Instinctively, and before I could stop myself, pressed my hips forward, feeling the warm head move along the crack of her ass. 

I felt her nipple harden in my hand and felt her stretch, then move her hips to meet mine. As my cock slightly opened her cheeks, I hear a moan escape her lips. She turned her head toward me, and smiled. "Hey" she said as her beautiful blue eyes narrowed in a look of both lust and happiness.

We were still in the Cabin; its bed covered in lightly wrinkled heavy thread count white sheets. There was little evidence of our previous romp earlier, as both of us had cleaned each other up with our mouths. As she leaned into kiss me, I could still smell her on my lips. We kissed and she rolled, her hand replacing her ass cheeks on my hardness.

While we kissed, she slightly opened her legs and pulled my cock against her clit. She rubbed it up and down, pressing her hips in and out, masturbating herself with my own flesh as her personal toy. I didn't complain. I could feel my precum lubricating her upper folds and as her lips and hood swelled against me, I became even more turned on. Our tongues danced during this game of pleasure and all of my senses were on fire. I could hear her breath, her gentle moans; I could taste her lips and tongue against mine; and I could smell both of our scents on our lips, noses, cheeks and chins as we traded movements.

Before long, Isabella rolled me over and climbed on me again, for the second time today. As she guided me in, I could feel how hot and wet she was. Although my size had not changed, she was so much tighter this time, swollen from our earlier encounter. It took several strokes for me to get my large swollen head to break past the tight inner lips of her wonderfully warm vagina. She was breathing heavy and let out a long, purposeful breathe as she put all her weight down, causing my cock to slowly fill her completely. She pulled up a little as her lips had become stuck against me. As she did, I felt her pussy spasm slightly and she moaned, one of my favorite sounds...

She began rocking back and forth at first, using her hips to keep me deep, but causing her clit to rub against the short hairs on my pubic area. Before long, her head began to roll and my hands caressed her breasts in the same rhythm. I reached down and placed my hands on her hips and as I did, Isabella began to slowly pull up, allowing my cock to slide partially out. The feeling was intense, and before I could fully appreciate it, she slid it back in. I playfully twisted her nipples and she began riding my cock, slowly, letting it drive completely inside her.

I watched her face as she had her eyes closed and her lips slightly open. She was so beautiful and looked like she was in some sort of Heavenly concentration. As she would pull up, I could feel her squeeze my cock. She would then stop for just a moment and relax her pussy as she let me slide back in. I tried move my hips and she stopped me "No, you need to lay there and enjoy, this is for you". I felt the love and as soon as I relaxed, I felt more moisture escape her pussy, coating my cock. I was so turned on.

She continued for several minutes, her pussy milking my cock. I felt her muscles begin to spasm, as though she was close to orgasm, and before I could do anything, I felt it happen. All that movement sent her over the edge. She tightened her thighs against mine and I felt her squeezing and throbbing against me. Her moaning sounded nearly like cries between breaths as her body shuddered on top of mine. My hips pulled away and I entered her deeply mid-orgasm and she nearly drew blood as her fists came down and grabbed at my chest. Her face could not have been more beautiful as I watched her in the throes of pleasure. 

She collapsed, her body sweating, and covered me. Out of breath, she just laid there. I was still hard, and I had only partially moved out of her. Her pussy still contracted on and off around me, stimulating my manhood and exciting my imagination at the same time.

Isabella rose slightly and kissed me. We continued to lay there for a bit and suddenly, as if she had a most amazing idea, she slid off me, and led me to the kitchen. 

The Cabin was somewhat dark as we had been there a while and the ambient light had been lost from the outside as the sun had begun to go down. Isabella reached into a cabinet and poured a glass of wine. She then leaned down below the counter and returned with a cold bottle of water. She knew I didn't drink, so, the thought that she wanted to please me put a huge smile on my face. Plus, I got to look at that amazing ass as she bent over, which, certainly helped!

Isabella took a long drink of her wine, draining the glass. She laughed as I shook my head with a smile. A moment later she had another full glass and fingered the air, indicating I was supposed to follow. We went out the back door of the cabin and it was an amazing view. There was my Isabella, her beautiful womanly form, walking along a warm cedar deck toward a hot tub. There were tiki torches on the corners of the Jacuzzi and as the sky was darkening, I knew we would be lighting them soon. I imagined the look of the shadows created by the flames crossing her body later. 

The sky was the most beautiful array of dark purples, pinks, yellows, and reds as the sun was falling behind the woods surrounding the cabin. Isabella parked her drink on the side of the Jacuzzi and I watched as she methodically raised her long leg over the edge. As the second one went over the edge, I could see how swollen and pink her sex was. I was a bit concerned, as in times before, due to my thickness; it could be days before we could have sex again after a long session together. I hoped the hot water would soothe her. I know, it was a bit selfish, but, I have never had a lover like Isabella, and I craved her constantly. I could never get enough.

I climbed into the Jacuzzi and I put my hand up on the side. Isabella cuddled against me, under my arm and we just relaxed as the sunset turned to darkness. As the last of the light was fading, I saw the lighter on the side. I got up and moved to each corner, lighting each torch. When I finished, I sauntered back to my previous seat. Isabella had just a tiny bit left in her wine glass and gulped it. She smiled and looked at my flaccid penis dangling above the bubbles of the warm water. "Mmmmmm" she exclaimed. I had always been embarrassed by the small size of my penis when it was soft, but she had always made me feel comfortable, unlike anyone else I had ever been with. I did the helicopter swing with it and we both laughed. 

As I came to my seat, I took her empty glass from her. I reached over to the corner to put it down and as I did, I felt both her hands grab my hips and I felt her mouth, still cool from the wine, envelope my soft penis. She rolled it around in her mouth and within seconds, I felt it engorging with blood. It grew several times its flaccid size and pretty soon was stretching her mouth.

She lightly bit down on the shaft and this time it was my turn to moan. She would bite, then release, then bite, then release as she eased it out of her mouth, her final bite right on the crown of the head. That last bite caused my balls to feel a familiar swelling and warmth as they produced another load of sperm. I concentrated so hard to not come as she then took the flat of her tongue and made love to my cock with her mouth. At the moment I could not handle it any longer, I pulled away from her and plunged myself under the water. 

I leaned over and kissed her; a long passionate kiss. She stood up slightly and circled me, her pussy lining up with my cock. Her breasts looked amazing, half submerged and I squeezed each before lowering my hand beneath the water. I pulled my erection straight up and she lowered onto me. Even in the water, she was so wet, no additional lubrication was needed. I could tell she was uncomfortable due to the swelling caused by our earlier activities, but lust had taken over. 

My hands slowly caressed her back as she slowly rode up and down, taking me deep and pulling up to the point I could feel the crown of my head nearly leaving her tight pussy, before she would lower her body onto mine again. She ground her clit into me and one of my hands moved around, finding her nipples, which were stiff as I had ever seen them. I wasn't sure if it was the cool air, she was really turned on, or the combination of both. But as I lightly ran my fingers across them, I didn't care. All I cared about was the look of pleasure on her face and the sounds coming from her mouth.

As our bodies reacted to each other, I decided to change positions. I picked her up off me. Her face looked lightly saddened, maybe offended, and I helped her up to the side of the Jacuzzi. I leaned forward and kissed her for a moment, before breaking it off and moving my lips down her body. Her hand immediately went to my hair and she began running her fingers through as I took my time, finding every sensitive portion of her beautiful flawless skin. I took my time, and as I went along the line between her belly and her hips, I felt her legs open and her hand slightly press me down toward her sex. She knew what she wanted. And, I knew what I wanted.

I finally reached her inner thighs and began kissing them. The water had cooled against her skin and I was certain the warmth of my lips and tongue turned her on even more. After teasing her, and watching her legs attempt to move me to her center, I finally complied. I licked each side, cleaning the water off the outer lips, feeling their warmth, and feeling how swollen they were against my tongue. They were so swollen from her arousal and our sex sessions, her inner lips, were only just barely peeking out. I took each one inside my lips and pressed against it. The small portion that had entered my mouth, I licked with fervor. The noises from Isabella's mouth enticed me as she was obviously enjoying herself. It's amazing how turned on I can get from a woman's sounds of pleasure, and I was definitely turned on now. My cock was jumping in the water as my tongue parted her lips and I ran it from the bottom to the top, lingering near her clit. 

I teased in small circles with my tongue before placing my lips and sucking her clit into my mouth. I traded between sucking with my lips and flicking with my tongue. It didn't take long before she began to reach another orgasm. I placed my fingers at her entrance and as I felt her body begin to tense, she moved her hips so that my middle finger fell against her anus. As it did, she moved her hips down and she opened up, pulling me in slightly. She took a huge breath and screamed "Fuck, I'm cumming". 

Her body began moving violently against my hand and face. Her hands grabbed my hair and while one pulled on my hair, threatening to pull it out, the other pulled me in, nearly smothering me in her pussy. I felt her ass opening and closing around my finger. Her body convulsed after a few moments of orgasm and she let out the most animal guttural scream I'd ever heard. 

She pulled me out of the water and grabbed my head with both hands. "Put it inside me, NOW"

I reached down and guided my cock past her lips and entered her. I could feel her pulse as her vagina attempted to stretch around my thick penis. I drove into her hard, her hips driving back against me. 

She suddenly pushed me away and quickly turned around, raising her ass just above the water. I didn't need direction as I thrust back into her, her ass below me, beautiful and an amazing sight coming out of the water. Both her hands were up on the side of the Jacuzzi and the lack of anyone around caused her to be completely open to letting her voice go.

She screamed, she moaned, she mewed as she rammed her hips backward, meeting every thrust. My cock pistoned in and out, while my balls slammed against the top of her pussy. As she got louder, I became more and more turned on. 

Suddenly, she tightened and screamed a lustful scream and as her orgasm hit, I could hold back no more. I warned her I was cumming and she yelled "Cum inside me NOW!" I drove my hips forward and I felt the swelling of my cock inside her, which had become so tight it nearly hurt. I felt the sudden rush of my cum coming from my balls, the pain as the vessels contracted, then the ultimate pleasure as I felt the spasms of her orgasm milk against the head of my cock. I felt my cum, stream after stream enter her as I continued to pump. After 5 or 6 big spasms, I felt another huge one and I pressed in as deep as I could. I felt her cervix pumping against me as I unloaded my last drop. 

Her body shook as mine did too. I felt the warm water, the cool outside air, and I felt my own orgasmic juices running out of her, along my shaft and down my balls. It was like feeling something new for the first time. My body shuddered. She stood straight, my cock still inside her and turned where I could kiss her. I pulled her tight against me as our mouths met, and my hand fell across her heaving breast. As I touched her nipple, I felt her pussy convulse and she stabbed my mouth deeper with her tongue.

We remained there for a few moments before we both collapsed into the warm water. It wasn't long before she began to fall asleep in my arms. Gently, I woke her, and suggested we go back to the bed. 

We climbed out and giggled as we hurried thru the cold air to the cabin. We went inside and as she walked before me to the bedroom, I had another moment to admire the body this beautiful woman had. I was hoping she only wanted to sleep as I wasn't sure I could perform again. 

We lay down together, me staring into her eyes, the beautiful teal color of her post orgasm iris causing me to wonder where I found such an amazing woman. As I began to drift off, she leaned in, she kissed me, and she said: "Sleep well, because we have this Cabin all weekend, and even though I'm not too sure how sore I will be tomorrow, there are some things I still want to try". I saw the sparkle in her eye, she kissed me again, turned away, and reached down, pulling my spent and tired penis between her ass cheeks. I felt him jump a bit at the thought of where he was laying, and then I, as Isabella did at the same time, fell asleep.