 He looked down at her laid on the bed and his heart skipped a beat....20 years and he still felt a lust for her as deep as the day he met her! What was it about her that made him boil over? Her smooth skin dotted so gracefully with her beautiful freckles, her mousy brown hair playing softly over her back, she was perfect. A true Goddess....his Goddess!

Eric reached a hand out and gently stroked the smooth flesh of her back, she drove him crazy and she didn't even know it, now it was time to return the favour.

As his hand trailed its way down her back, Lilly let out a soft contented sigh, lying on her stomach she nestled her head in her arms. Closing her eyes she felt a deep sense of relaxation from her position, contrasting with tingling brought on by Erick's gentle manipulation of her back with his fingertips, her mind reeling with good sensations, each as powerful as the last.

Erick's hands began to wander her back in earnest now, running his palms along her sides, around her shoulder blades and back down either sides of her spine, Lilly erupted into a low sigh unconsciously as Eric's hands trailed down the back of her exposed thighs.

He knew exactly how to manipulate her body, the body he had held so close to him for 20 years, the body he had explored every night with an unyielding vigour and keenness, the same body he loved now more than ever. 

As his hands reached the backs of her knees he pulled back all but his index fingers, trailing them in unified slow circles around the small grooves, he trailed further down to her tensed calf muscles.

Cupping his hands around her calf's a small smirk played across Eric's face as he felt them tense in his palms. As soon as he felt it his heart lurched, he loved to feel the signs that she was enjoying his ministrations, from the tensing of a muscle to a low groan it made it real for him, knowing that he could spoil her was what he craved. Reaching her feet Eric held them steady as his thumbs drew deep circles around the balls of her feet, drawing a figure of eight now all the way down each of her pressure sensitive heels Lilly let out a sigh and the faintest giggle as he toyed with each of her toes in his fingertips.

Reaching for the oil, a small amount was applied to each of Eric's hands, rubbing them in he continued his slow assault on her feet, before working his way back up her legs to the rounded hills of her bum. Lilly's sighs came in rasps as her skin began to tingle under the warmth of the slick oil now coating her lower half.

As Eric reached her lower back he spread his fingers to hook around her hips as he worked her back with his thumbs, he knew what she loved, 20 years of exploring her and he could play her body like a piano, he knew her most sensitive areas and how deep he should go, how slow, how fast he should manipulate each area, it was truly an art-form. One he had perfected long ago.

Sliding his hands once again up her back, Eric fanned his fingers out to soothe as much of the area as he could, applying more oil where he needed her back was now a torrent of slickness, her skin glimmering in the flickering candle light as her back rose with her heavy breathing.

Leaning down Eric began to nuzzle the nape of Lilly's neck, kissing his way up to her ear he whispered gently, 'I believe its time for your front darling', punctuating the sentence by nibbling at her earlobe gently.

'Hmm, I believe your right' Lilly replied. Smirking gently she tilted her head back to press her lips against his for the faintest moment before pulling herself up to turn onto her back.

As Lilly settled back down with her arms to her sides Eric leaned over the top of her, Playing his lips just above hers, Lilly leant up to kiss him, grazing their lips together for an instant as Eric pulled back grinning. Reaching in once more, this time all the way their lips met, and this time pushed together, parting slightly Lilly's tongue pushed just inside of Eric's mouth as the tip of his tongue came to meet the intruder, teasing it slightly with his tongue before pulling away once more.

Kissing her chin then down to her throat Eric worked his way around her neck again, nuzzling once more into the nape of where her neck met her shoulders Lilly emitted a small gasp as shivers ran down her spine, forcing her back to arch from the bed. Leaning away Eric looked deep into Lilly's eyes, into her darkened hazel pools. A smile once more crept its way across Eric's face. He loved her eyes, so deep, so soulful, and so innocent; they were his everything, the diamonds for which he held no price. One of her best features they were her un-ageing treasures, the one part of her that would stay the same until the day he died as they were the day he met her.

Roaming his fingers now down the insides of her arms his fingers entwined in hers, pinning her hands to the bed as he reached down to kiss her glossy lips with his. Pulling her arms up to the corners of the bed Eric looked once more at Lilly, this time his face remained serious, this time it he had to make sure she understood.

'Lilly I love you with all of my heart, I have never hurt you and never will, but I need to know, do you trust me?'

Looking back up at him, holding her arms to the corners of the bed Lilly knew exactly what he was about to suggest, her stomach fluttering, it was something that she had desired for a long time too, and she decided to take charge of the situation, take charge before she lost control.

Pulling his hand down, Lilly brought it to her mouth, planting a tender kiss on his hand before reaching back to the corner of the bed she kept her eyes focussed directly on his. 'Darling, I love you so much, I know what you are going to ask me, and I want you to do it'. As she finished the sentence the flutter in her stomach grew insatiably, as did the warmth between her legs.

Grinning broadly Eric reached over to the bedside cabinet, pulling from it a series of deep red silk scarves he laid them on the bed, Lilly couldn't believe it, how long had he had this planned? When had he bought the scarves? The thought excited her a lot, knowing that the night was planned made it much more special.

Holding up one silk scarf Eric looked once more into Lilly's face. 'Are you sure about this my love? This is the first time we have done anything like this; I don't want to force you into anything you don't want to do'.

Lilly grinned broadly. 'Of course I'm sure, I have trusted you always love, there isn't a doubt in my mind that you would ever hurt me, now stop wasting time and tie me!' Lilly ended her sentence with a slight giggle punctuated with a broad grin, which was all the confirmation Eric needed as he took her right hand in his.

Wrapping the silken scarf around her ample wrist he tied it gently but firmly into place, before attaching the other end to the thick bedpost rising proudly into the air. Repeating the process on Lilly's left wrist she gave a small tug on each, there was a little give but not much, she could pull her arms a small way toward her but she was secure, she knew that she would not be able to escape without Eric's help.

The thought frightened her as much as it excited her, they had never done anything like this before, and although she knew that Eric loved her as she did he, there was a small part of her that began to wonder if this was the best idea. 

Getting up from the bed, Eric placed his right hand under Lilly's bum, whilst his left took a firm hold of her legs, pulling her down the bed ever so slightly the scarves around her wrists became taught, holding her fast.

Lilly began to shake slightly, a part of her loved to be helpless like this, she yearned to be touched and teased with no power over when and how, and she loved Eric so much. But this was a first, and being so tightly bound the first time worried her, but she would keep strong, for Eric...and for herself.

Pulling her legs comfortably wide Eric took a third silk scarf, wrapping it around Lilly's left ankle he tied it to the bedpost. Walking around the bed he took her right leg, once again with a world of patience and gentleness he placed his hand under her bum and pulled her towards the last bed post ever so slightly.

Once more he secured the fourth silk scarf tightly leaving Lilly truly spread, there was no give what so ever in the silk scarves, and she realised that she would not be able to buck her hips or tug the restraints in the slightest.

Once again the butterflies in her stomach grew wild, shaking slightly she began to get second thoughts, maybe she should say something? Maybe she would have, if she hadn't noticed the torrent of moisture between her spread thighs. She was so helpless and it drove her mad with desire, her lust overgrew her fear and she instead closed her eyes in anticipation.

Eric stood back looking at his Angel, bound tightly and breathing heavily, she had never looked so wonderful, so gorgeous. Climbing onto the bed and straddling his bound love he moved slowly up her spread frame, reaching her head he lowered his own and took her lips in his suddenly, causing her eyes to shoot open, peering up at him.

Bringing his hands up to hold her face, Eric looked down at her, a smile catching the corner of his mouth he was so in love.

'Lilly darling I love you, I have never felt for anyone how I feel for you, for the last 20 years of my life you have been there for me'.

Lilly's heart raced.

'We have had up's, we have had down's, but through all we have had love! I don't know if I could ever show you how much I love you, but I want to spend the rest of my life trying'.

A lump caught in Lilly's throat, fighting back her deepest emotions she did her best to just lay under this man, a man she had adored for 20 years, her true love, she wanted nothing more than to hold him, but the silk scarves had other ideas.

'I want you to wrap you in myself, keep you safe for the rest of your life. If you give me your heart I will hold it within me, where it will never be broken, I love you Lilly, you are my goddess'.

Before she had time to respond Eric kissed her deeply, her back arched ever so slightly from the bed to try to meet him, but the scarves held her fast. Still holding her head in his hands Eric pulled away, running his thumb over her cheek she cooed slightly into it, rubbing against him as though a small kitten.

Eric's hands trailed from her face, down her neck and gently onto her shoulders, running his fingertips across her chest before following around the bottoms of her ample breasts.

Taking them in his hands Eric tightened his grip ever so gently, feeling the soft flesh in his palms. Taking more oil into his hands Eric massaged around her bosom, taking care not to touch her already erect nipples. Using just his fingers, Eric began to trace long slow circles around the base of Lilly's breast, working his way up towards her nipple. A sigh erupted from Lilly as her back arched once more, this time involuntary, as her breasts began to ache from his slow teasing. 

Ever teasing Eric's fingers reached the point of circling just outside of Lilly's areolas, never retreating, never commencing, ever teasing, just on the brink of the sensitive flesh. After a short while Lilly let out a slow low frustrated moan, her chest rose with a deep breath, holding it in a second, she exhaled suddenly, catching Eric off guard his finger slipped, grazing gently across the soft flesh.

As soon as his finger made contact Lilly squealed ever so slightly, the sudden sensation took her breath away and she found herself panting from such a gentle caress.

Lowering his head Eric snaked his tongue from his mouth, coated in his warm saliva, he ran the very tip around Lilly's bumped Areola, slowly manipulating the small circlet before taking a long slow lick against the underside of Lilly's hardened nipple. Rolling his tongue around her nipple he covered the entire nub, leaving Lilly's head reeling. It was such a strange sensation, one nipple covered in immoveable moist warmth, the other left feeling empty and teased by nothing more than a cool breeze.

As he tongued the straining nipple in his mouth his left hand reached up to take her right nipple between his fingers. Sighing deeply Lilly struggled slightly against the restraints, her hands balling into fists as her back arched into him more and more, getting her heaving chest as close to him as possible.

Removing his mouth Eric brought his free hand up to Lilly's warm left breast, teasing both of her nipples between fingers and thumbs he began to slowly kiss down her smooth stomach, moving further down until he met the beautiful strip of hair which indicated Lilly's naval.

Kissing and nibbling his way around the area Eric moved his way around Lilly's outstretched thighs, he could smell the wetness coming from her enflamed sex and it drove him wild, his dick straining against his boxer shorts as all he wanted to do was lick her, feel her clench around his tongue...but not yet.

Releasing one nipple Eric ran his index finger all the way around Lilly's vagina, yet never touching, getting oh so close to where she needed it. Letting out a raspy sigh Lilly began to shake slightly in need.

'Please?' She breathed almost mutely.

'Please what darling?' Eric asked loudly before kissing her thighs with a renewed vigour.

'Please...touch me...' she whimpered.

Running one finger along the crease of Lilly's enflamed inner labia Eric's chest flooded with feelings as he heard her whimper softly, trying to buck her hips wildly from the bed.

'You want me to touch you like this dear?'

'No please, faster!' Lilly gasped, a desperation in her voice Eric had never heard before, he loved it.

'I'm afraid I don't want to darling, hearing you beg like that drives me wild, I could keep you like this all day and never grow tired'.

Lilly let out a slow frustrated moan, her balled fists tightened more turning her knuckles white. She couldn't believe he was doing this, it was inhumane, it was torture, it was horrifying, and deep down she loved it! She had never felt so teased, so dam helpless. Being tied and helpless like this was like something from her darkest nightmare, and her deepest fantasy!

Eric brought his second hand down to Lilly's aching crotch, spreading her labia wide with his finger and thumb he began to ever so slowly stroke up and down her drenched slit, coating his finger in her wetness he couldn't resist, bringing his finger up to his mouth for just one taste.

Now it was his turn to moan, she had never tasted so sweet yet musky, so delicious! He knew it was a matter of time before he gave in to his urge and licked her, but he couldn't just yet, he had waited so long to have her helpless like this, he would not rush things!

Running his finger once more up her exposed sex from bottom to top, he drew a line with such agonising slowness, ending in a small flick against the underside of Lilly's straining clit, catching her off guard, taking her breath away for an instant.

Continuing to tease around her enflamed labia Eric knew exactly what to do, knew what she liked and where she liked it! He had given her oral almost every night for the past 20 years, there was nothing he didn't know about Lilly's body.

'Please.....darling.......don't.......don't tease me.....' Lilly gasped between short sharp breaths, straining against her bonds once more, they simply wouldn't give her any lee-way, she could hardly move her streaming pussy away from Eric's manipulations and that just added to the pressure building inside of her.

Bringing his face once more to kiss her exposed thighs Eric decided it was time for his treat, licking slowly towards her wanton sex, he stopped himself just before it. Giving one last look up to his silken slave from between her legs he flicked his tongue once up her slit. The reaction was immediate....Lilly's back arched further than it had all night, her hips humping the air looking for Eric's tongue again but finding nothing, Lilly began to sob gently, aching for one more caress, but finding nothing.

As Eric's finger found its way back to Lilly's throbbing womanhood he began once more a slow trip up her pussy, circling her clit ever so gently before working his way back down.

He could never get enough of this, hearing her moaning, sighing, pleading, it was so beautiful! As Eric continued his journey for the fifth time he decided to take it a little further, this time running his finger directly around Lilly's throbbing clit.

The sudden unexpected pressure sent Lilly's senses reeling, her breath catching in her throat instantly she couldn't breathe as she bucked wildly, a low inhuman groan emitting from her as Eric quickly moved up the bed to take her head in his hand Looking into her eyes with panic.

'Lilly, are you O.K. hun, talk to me'

As he looked at her Lilly opened her eyes to look up at him, 'please don't stop'

As Eric calmed down he kept her head in his arm, looking down on her as his hand reached down to cup her Pussy. He began to rub his palm directly over her entire sex, drawing a low deep circle over her crotch Lilly was rocketed towards an orgasm.

Bucking her hips once more to meet his hand, Lilly began to pant softly, her chest rising and falling, hands clenched and toes curling as she neared the peak...but once more she was denied...retreating his hand Eric left her with nothing more than a dull ache once again.

'NO! don't stop!.......Please!' 

A tear rolled down Lilly's cheek as she couldn't fight back her frustration, she hated this and loved it at the same time, she couldn't understand.

Why did she crave being controlled like this? Why did being tortured with her own need turn her on so dam much? Lilly looked up at her tormentor, and as soon as she saw his face she knew only one thing, she loved him with every fibre of her soul!

As Eric wiped the tear from Lilly's cheek he took her mouth to his once again, kissing her deeply as he used 2 fingers to rub her once more, this time he worked them inside of her, stroking and massaging her internal walls, he craned them upwards, searching for one spot in particular.

Eric's thumb found Lilly's clit, rubbing once more around the sensitive nub Lilly broke the kiss, panting again she murmured, 'Don't you dare stop!' A smile broke out across Eric's face as he worked his way down the bed to take his place between her legs for the last time!

As he continued to reach inside of Lilly with his fingers his mouth found her clit, clamping down over it he trapped the small sensitive nub between his lips gently before teasing the tip with his tongue.

Before long Eric felt Lilly clamp down on his fingers, her feet struggled in the scarves as she tried desperately to close her legs....grunting with renewed vigour Lilly half expected Eric to stop...but he didn't. 

As he continued to lick and stroke her enflamed sex Lilly's gasps came shorter than ever, switching quickly Eric's fingers found her clit, rubbing and rolling it between finger and thumb, as his tongue slipped deep into her entrance.

As Lilly began to Erupt into her first orgasm Eric clamped his mouth around her entire sex, his fingers continuing their steady manipulation of Lilly's clit as she came suddenly. Pulling wildly against the scarves all thoughts of anything but her own pleasure escaped Lilly, her orgasm was long and drawn out, as Eric's fingers continued their dance on her sensitive clit.

Pretty soon Lilly was erupting into a second...then a third orgasm, bucking wildly, rubbing her crotch into Eric's face as he took all of her wetness into his mouth.

As Lilly came down from her orgasm, flopping onto the bed weakly, Eric removed his mouth from her crotch. Wiping his mouth on his arm he looked up the bed at his exhausted wife, panting on the mattress. A sheen of sweat now mixing with the massage oils, her hair frizzy from the humidity and her freckles showing against her red blushing skin. If she could see herself she would have hated herself, but he saw nothing but perfection.
