 As the sun came out of the clouds and streamed through cabin fourteen's bedroom window, Jack Powell rolled over and cracked open an eye. His head instantly began to spin from the two bottles of wine the night before. With a shaky hand he reached over to his left and found that the other side of the bed was completely vacant. He cautiously sat up and peered around, taking in the room before him. The walnut paneled walls were chipped and peeling, little holes were appearing through the seams and joints allowing sunlight to stream through. Paintings of surreal mountain scapes and lazy lakes adorned the walls each one signed by the cabin owner or his deceased wife Eudora.

Jack's shoulders shrugged together as he braced his hands behind him. His eyes, desperately searching the surrounding room. But, for what? A hot white pain coursed through his stiff shoulder and he instinctively reached up, his fingers gingerly touching the welted and bruised skin near his neck. A bite mark? His brow furrowed as he searched the memories of last evening. He ran his tongue along his bottom lip and felt the sharp sting from the split skin on the inside. She'd bit his lip hard as well. She? Who was she? 

He cocked a brow in concentration for only a brief moment. Layla. Her name was Layla and she was a force of nature. He slowly swung his feet off the bed and to the floor, rising on still quivering thighs. His stomach lurched and his head reeled. He dropped back down to the bed until it stopped. 

She stepped into the bedroom on graceful feet, her long tanned legs barely concealed by the light blue dress shirt she'd pilfered from his closet. Fastened by only the bottom three buttons, he had a full view of her exposed breasts when she bent forward to hand him a cup of coffee. The rising steam filled his nostrils and soothed him almost instantly. 

Jack gave a grateful nod and kept his bleary gaze locked upon the graceful vision before him. He blew across the rim and moaned to himself as the first sips passed his lips. She smiled sweetly awaiting his approval. His lips curled up into a satisfied smile, though his eyes were but bloodshot slits.

"Thank you," he croaked as he tried to form those first words.

Her lips curled into a charming smile and she bounced excitedly on the balls of her feet. Oh dear God, she's a morning person...He thought to himself. She turned on her heel and made her way back out toward the kitchen. The hot creamy scent of butter mixed with the thick-spiced grease of sausage wafted into the room, his stomach alternated between the rumbling growl of hunger and the distorted knot that came with a hangover. He took another sip of the black brew from the navy blue ceramic mug.

Less than fifteen minutes later, Jack found himself sitting at the dinette table staring at a plate of scrambled eggs and sausage. His mind whirled in replay as the previous night's events played over and over again. She'd felt so good in his arms. There was no denying that. But, the guilt started to set in just the same. 

Never before had he been involved in a one-night stand. Sex had always been a sacred thing to him. It was something to be shared when you loved someone, not something to be treated like a casual sport. But there he sat, a tainted man left to examine his beliefs. Just as he was about to open his mouth and speak, she gazed across the table with those gorgeous eyes. They were eyes that spoke of being one of the oldest souls on the planet. 

"So, about last night," she started softly as she reached across the table with a gentle smile. "That was just my way of saying thank you for being so kind and going out of your way in letting me have a roof over my head for the night." She caressed his hand lightly with her slender thumb.

Jack's lips curled into a small smile and he shrugged. "It was the least I could do, that storm was pretty nasty." He drew in a deep breath and hunched his shoulders as he picked at the eggs on his plate. 

"You know," he started between bites, stalling mid sentence as he swallowed. "I've still got the place until Monday." He glanced up into her eyes once more. "You're more than welcome to stay."

Layla cocked her head aside in thought as she speared a sausage link and brought it to her rosy lips. She bit off third of it and smiled lightly.

"Actually, I think it's time I moved on," she said. She pinched both lips between her teeth for a brief moment and her eyes turned to look somewhere far off through the wall over his shoulder. "It's gonna be a long road up to New York. But, thank you Jack. I do appreciate the offer."

Jack's face fell along with his hopes and he lowered his eyes back to his plate, rolling a sausage link lazily around the plate with his fork. Her shimmering gaze suddenly lightened and shined with mirth again. 

"I'll tell you what slick," she chuckled as she patted the top of his hand. "I'll stick around for the day. We'll just play it by ear." She scrunched her nose as the playful grin took over. "I noticed there was a big beautiful lake down the road from here. I think I'd like to go check that out."

Jack's smile widened with glee and he dug into the food on his plate with renewed interest.

A couple of hours later, they'd both showered and gotten dressed for the hike down to the lake. Jack slung his backpack over his shoulder and locked up the cabin door behind him. He turned and grinned at her. His eyes following her lean legs from her ankles on up to the edge of her denim cut-offs. Layla stood before him with a whimsical smile and her thumbs hooked into the belt loops. Her stance was off axis enough to give a tempestuous curve and kick to her hip.

He started to pass her by and she reached out, hooking her wrist around his elbow, trailing it down his forearm until she could interweave her fingers with his. He gave her a sidelong glance and she smiled dreamily at him. Jack felt the heat fill his cheeks and suddenly hoped he could blame it on the mid morning sun. They both remained silent for the first fifteen minutes of the walk, with Layla glancing around into the trees with great interest and Jack watching where he was walking with little interest.  

"So, I've got to ask," he said, breaking the silence. "Why are you heading for the Big Apple? What's up there for you?" 

She smiled indifferently as she thought of the possible answers. "I want to become a dancer," She said finally. "And my sister has a place lined up for me. She wants me to move up closer to the family again."

Jack nodded his head in agreement. "Okay, so then where are you coming up from?" He continued. 

"I'd rather not talk about it," Layla said flatly. 

She stopped dead in her tracks and Jack began looking around apprehensively for the source. Layla smiled broadly and lifted both arms, taking Jack's hand with her. "Hey, we're here."

Jack relaxed and looked around at the big lake before him. Its gray surface was smooth as glass and mirrored the surrounding trees. He lowered his backpack to the grass and crouched down to take out the blanket he'd packed up in it. Layla leaned to smooth a couple of corners and Jack's eyes were drawn to the tanned cleavage behind the neckline of her black tank top. He sat down on the blanket and kicked his sneakers off, trying to focus his attention on the water in front of him. She sat down beside him, hip to hip and placed her hand on his bare knee stroking languidly.

Across the water, on the other shore they could see the multi-textural outlines of competitors for the fishing tournament. Jack remembered his Dad, always telling him that the better fishing was on this side of the lake, where it was less crowded. Not that Jack really cared. He didn't like the taste of fish and he'd only gone fishing with his old man so long ago because he wanted to feel close to his father. The traditional father and son bonding experience. Jack smiled to himself as the floodgate of memory opened wide on him.

He didn't know for how long he'd taken that stroll down memory lane, but when he came back to reality he was abruptly aware that Layla was no where to be found. He leaned back on his arms and scanned the area with creased brow. He strained his ears for any snippet of sound and found nothing but loud, drunk and singing fishermen on the light breeze.

"Layla?" He called out. Jack rose and stood on the balls of his feet, as he looked back to the woods behind him. "Layla?" He called again, louder this time. His chest rose and fell frantically as his breathing deepened with concern. He took a step toward the lush woods and heard an unexpected giggle and splash. He nearly gave himself whiplash as he turned and looked to the water. His eyes were drawn to the slowing ripples near the shoreline.

As Jack reached the waters edge he noticed a pile of clothing on one of the larger rocks. Ten yards out, Layla's head and shoulders broke the water's surface. She flicked the dripping tendrils back out of her eyes and smiled mischievously. She bobbed for a moment and then rose up onto the tips of her toes. The swell of her naked breasts broke the surface, nipples like pink stones from the coolness of the early autumn waters. Jack's face flushed and he quickly looked around fearfully.

"Jesus Christ, Layla," He croaked and then adjusted his voice to a commanding whisper. "It's the middle of the day, there are people everywhere!"

"And your point is?" She smirked wickedly. She raked her fingers through her tangled tresses as she inched her way toward him, arms stretched high, teasing his senses with her taut nipples and tanned, toned flesh. Jack's shorts tightened instantly. As she approached the bank, her waist still beneath the distorted surface, Jack crouched and offered his hand. Layla took his hand and gripping his wrist, yanked him into the water.

Jack sputtered and wiped at his eyes, a deep scowl on his face. Layla stood staring at him with her big brown eyes, drawing her bottom lip between her teeth. The urge to laugh became harder to suppress, the look on her face was just too precious. Without warning he yanked her into his arms, surrounding her fully within them. His lips crashed into hers as he kissed her with the deep, burning passion he'd been confronting all morning, his tongue wrestling hers into submission. 

Layla curled her fingers under the hem of his dark green tee shirt and slowly brought it up his chest. Breaking the kiss only when the need to breathe became overriding, she drew it over his shoulder and tossed it to the shore, where it landed with a wet slap against the big rock. Her slender fingers trailed a meandering path down the center of his chest toward the button of his jean shorts. His breath caught in his chest. His body aflame with a blending of desire and self-consciousness as she slowly lowered the zipper.

She placed kisses along his neck and chest, soft as the feet of a butterfly. His flesh burned for her. His desire to feel his body against hers, to feel his cock filling her once again, tossed away all inhibitions. She lowered herself and helped him step out of the last of his clothing. Tossing them lazily toward the shore as well. 

She lifted her right leg to his hip and wrapped the calf around his thigh. Reaching beneath the water, she took his rigid shaft in hand and eased him into her yearning core. Wrapping her other thigh around him and locking her ankles at the small of his back. Jack arched his hips forward slowly, filling her completely. She closed her eyes and buried her face in the crook of his neck, a soft, satisfied moan floated from her lips. 

Jack sunk into the water until only their head and shoulders were visible. Her arms tightened around his neck as she held on greedily. Rising and falling on his length, grinding lewdly every time their pelvises met. Jack's hand curled around her neck, holding her steadily against him, murmuring softly. Kissing her neck and shoulder, tongue darting every few strokes, simply to taste her flesh. Her warmth and affection penetrated through the chill of the water and straight into him. A gasp of lustful elation came through gritted teeth as they dared each other to fall into the abyss of passion.

As the sound rang through her ears, Layla clenched around his throbbing shaft and held him deep within her. Though she fought against it, she cried out as the first waves of the killing climax enshrouded her in dark light. Jack began thrusting harder, the sensations driving him straight into madness, taking no shortcuts along the way. 

Layla pulled her head back and locked her eyes with his, commanding him to cum with her. To cum for her. Though his eyes pleaded in tortured desperation, he obeyed. Within three more thrusts his cock twitched, his hips locked and they anchored themselves to each other dependently. Gasps, moans and cries filled the air around them as they floated just off the shore. 

Her face alight with greedy satisfaction, heaving chests pressed to each other as they held on for dear life ...for sanctuary. He let out a laugh, the joy and repletion making his skin quiver, confused synapses racing about his body seeking refuge. Again, they buried their faces in each other's shoulders.

A few hours later, they found themselves sitting at a table in one of the town's two diners. Ravenous, they awaited the waitress's return with their plates. Layla snuggled in tight against his side, locking herself around his arm and resting her head on his shoulder. Jack tilted his face and kissed the top of her head, burying his nose in her hair, he sighed contentedly.

"Miami," she murmured beneath her breath

"I'm sorry? What about Miami?" He asked, brow furrowing in confusion.

"You asked where I was coming from. I'm from Miami," she said softly, a hint of mourning in her voice. 

Jack smiled gently and reached up to caress her cheek. Layla turned her face and kissed his fingers lightly. The waitress set two plates on the table and smiled enviously at them. The smell of the burgers and fries assaulted them violently, making their stomachs growl and their mouths water.

"Honeymoon?" The waitress inquired. Jack's eyes widened as looked up at the woman. Layla grinned around a French fry. 

"Just met yesterday, actually," Jack found himself replying. "Well you two sure look happy. Is there anything else I can get you folks?" She asked.

"I'll take a refill if you don't mind," Jack said. Layla, mouthful of burger, signaled the same by tapping the rim of her glass. The waitress smiled gently and nodded. Jack lifted the burger from his plate and took a large bite. Well over twenty years now and he still felt that this place made the best burgers in the world. He groaned with unadulterated pleasure.

For hours they wandered the streets, arm in arm and hand in hand as they browsed through the little shops of the town square. They talked and laughed thoroughly enjoying the day and each other's company. Gazes into each other's eyes grew longer and longer. A low rumble filtered through the streets and they both looked up at the darkening sky.

"Right on time," Jack chuckled. "You can set your clock by the weather in this state."

Layla smiled and held tight to his arm, tucking herself into him. They picked up their pace as they approached the grouping of rustic cabins. Her hand slid down his arm and she grabbed his hand, holding him still in place. She turned her face to the sky as the first drops came down, splashing on her cheeks. Jack tugged anxiously at her, urging her to follow him into the shelter of the cabin. Her grip tightened, begging him to stay.

Jack bit into his lip and conceded to her whim. She wrapped herself around his waist and pressed her cheek to his chest, listening to his heartbeat. After a brief moment of hesitation, he found himself surrounding her in his arms as the rain fell upon them. She raised her smiling lips to his and kissed him robustly. He fell into the kiss and they became the only two people in the universe.

They ambled back into cabin fourteen and Jack emptied the soaked items from his backpack, draping blankets and clothing over the dinette chairs. Moving into the bathroom, he turned on the faucet in the shower and adjusted the temperature. He'd barely had time to soap his chest, when Layla stepped into the shower with him. She took the soapy cloth from him and started to wash him. Lathering him gently she pressed her hips to his, the heat of the water soothing them both into a dreamy state of being.

Jack pushed himself tight to her and ensnared her in his strong arms. Mashing his lips to hers in a hungry kiss. Her body conformed to his covetously. The ache within her growing heated as they fell against the shower wall. He grabbed her wrists and raised them above her head, pinning them to the tiles. She arched against him and moaned in delight as he pinched the skin of her neck with his teeth. 

She managed to wriggle free of his grip, her eyes darkened with lust and she ran the tip of her tongue across her lips in contemplation. She turned around in his grasp and ground her ass against his hardening member. Jack clawed his nails across her ribcage and gripped his fists around her breasts, pinching her tightening nipples between his fingertips. Layla let out a gasp as intense pain turned into pleasure. She reached down between her thighs and gripped his cock fiercely, before sliding him between her slick folds.

Thunder boomed and echoed through the hills outside. Their hearts pounded against their chests, breaths became ragged as he took her from behind, claiming her entirely. She gave herself to him completely. With every wild thrust, he proved that he now owned her body.

They enjoyed each other in every part of the cabin as the storm raged on through the night. They made love gently and they fucked wildly until the storm abated and the sun rose once again. They collapsed in an entangled heap on the bed, holding and caressing each other, properly sated and thoroughly exhausted.

Just shortly before noon, there came an insistent pounding at the cabin door...

© Jay Phantym 2008