 To All My Readers:  Thank you so much for all your positive feedback and kind words.  You are the reason I continued on with erotic fiction.  I appreciate the instant messages on AIM and would love to chat, but please stop asking me to cyber/phone sex as the first thing you say.   It ain’t gonna happen and I’ll just block you. Of course this doesn’t pertain to all of you, just a select few.  Thanks again! 

Laura slowly opened her eyes to see the sun shining brightly through the open window.  The curtains were parted revealing a gorgeous blue sky.  A perfect day.  She thought about what happened the night before and rolled over only to discover she was not in her bed, but in the recliner in the living room.  Confused, she realized what must have happened.  She had fallen asleep the night before and dreamt about her sexual antics with the neighbor.  “I guess it’s for the best,” she thought.  “I didn’t even know his name.  Besides, I have a boyfriend!”

At this thought, Laura stumbled out of bed and rushed to call Zachary, but then remembered she had ripped the phone cord out of the wall.   She went in her bedroom to get her cell phone and had a strong feeling of de-jau-vou as she stared at the empty bed.  She had half-expected to find the sexy neighbor fast asleep, but no such luck.  She shrugged and hurriedly dialed Zachary’s number.

He answered on the first ring.  “Laura!  Oh, honey, it’s terrible, Kenneth died early this morning.  The poor guy; it wasn’t even his fault.  He was hit by a drunk driver.  The bastard.”  Laura suddenly realized how selfish she had been the night before.  A man had been lying on his death bed and all she could think about was her own sexual desires.  “I’m never drinking again, Laura.”  She glanced over at the champagne and glasses she had set out the night before.

Ashamed of her behavior she said, “I’m so sorry, Zachary, I should have paid more attention to your feelings last night.  I must have made you feel so awful.  I really am sorry about you friend.”

“No I’m sorry, baby.  I didn’t even give you a chance to talk, I hung up so fast.  Listen, I’ve got to go to the funeral this weekend, but I think I could come down for a visit before then.  Would that be okay?”   Would it be okay?!  Of course, it was more than okay!

“Zachary, that would be great.  I’ll have everything all ready for you!  What day do you think you'll be coming?”

“I’ll leave in a few hours.  I’ll see you tonight, honey.  I love you, bye.”

“I love you too,” she said, but didn’t think he had heard her, he hung up the phone so fast.  Laura was thrilled!  Finally, she would see him and she could fulfill her sexual urges.  But strangely, she didn’t feel the same sexual frustration she had felt the night before.  Was it really only a dream?  Of course, it had to be.  Laura shrugged and slipped off her night gown before opening the bathroom door.

She screamed and couldn’t believe what she saw.  The sexy neighbor from her dream was shaving in front of the mirror.  Why hadn’t she heard him earlier?  “Haha, don’t worry sweetie, I’ll be done in a minute.  Oooh, very sexy,” he said, admiring her figure.  She struggled to cover up and wanted to run, but couldn’t bring herself to move.  “What’s wrong baby?”

“Oh my god.  It wasn’t a dream?!  Just tell me one thing, did we have sex last night?” she asked, her voice quivering.

“Of course honey.  You got up in the middle of the night and went into the living room.  I just figured you wanted to read or something but I guess you fell asleep on the recliner.  You looked so pretty sleeping there, I decided not to wake you.”  Laura couldn’t believe this was happening.  She had cheated on her sweet, loving boyfriend and now he was coming to see her tonight!  What was she going to  do?  And worst of all, she felt that familiar urge rise within her as she stared at the sexy stranger, wearing only a towel.  The white cotton fell right below the curve of his perfect hip bones, revealing a very small curl of black pubic hair.  He saw her staring at that area and said, “Why don’t you hop in the shower?  I’ve had one already, but I guess I could use another.”

Laura couldn’t help it.  He was just so tempting.  She loosened up and stopped trying to hide her body from him.  Walking as slowly and sexily as she could, she opened the shower door and turned on the spicket.  She slipped gently into the warm spray, feeling it first on her face, then trickling down her large breasts and slightly teasing her nipples, and finally the harsh stream poured over her clit, making her even wetter than she already was.  She didn’t realize she had gotten so turned on just from the shower, but she had been moaning softly to herself.

The stranger watched her with fascination and had removed the towel to begin stroking his already rigid cock.  “Let me see you get yourself off.  I want to watch you make yourself orgasm.”  She smiled and happily obliged, loving the feeling of someone getting turned on by watching her.  She picked up a bottle of lavender soap and gingerly squeezed the slippery liquid into her small hand.  She started by rubbing it over her breasts, stopping to gently pinch and fondle her nipples, getting them hard.  Then she traced the soap over her stomach and down to her hairless pussy.  She teased herself by running her hands over her inner thighs, then finally entered herself with two tiny fingers.  She pulled them gently in and out, and with her other hand, began to rub her clit using only her index finger.  She moaned at the sensations she was causing herself and began to approach orgasm.

Laura had been concentrating so hard on her own pleasures, she hadn’t noticed her neighbor step into the shower to join her.  He moved her hands away from her soaked pussy and fell to his knees to finish the job.  She closed her eyes as he pressed his lips against her clit and sucked gently.  He continued this for a few minutes before moving down to her wet hole and slipping his tongue inside her.  She moaned and began to have trouble standing.  He must have noticed her difficulties because he gently laid her down in the stall and continued to bring her to orgasm.  “Mmmm,” she moaned.  “Yessss.  Fuck me now!  Please!”

He smiled and happily obliged, positioning himself between her open legs.  He thrust just the tip of his rigid cock inside her dripping cunt.  She began thrusting her hips upward, wanting to feel him impale her with his huge dick.  Finally, after teasing her  mercilessly for a few minutes, he crashed his hips down on hers and she felt him slide into her depths.  She moved upward to meet his thrusts and ran her still soapy hands over his smooth back.  He pushed against her and withdrew slowly, then drove her crazy by teasing her with only the head.  

Just when she thought she would explode, he slammed his cock back inside her pussy.  “Mmmm.  Please, faster!” she begged.  Answering her request, he began thrusting harder and faster until he approached orgasm.  Writhing beneath him she grabbed his hips and brought him deeper inside her.  Right before cumming, he withdrew about half way and began swirling his hips in wide circles.  His huge cock was circling every inch of her soaked pussy.  “God you’re incredible!” she screamed, as she came hard, flailing and thrusting her hips.  

She stopped her intense thrashing beneath him long enough for him to pull out and spurt gobs of his thick, creamy juice all over her heaving breasts.  She reached up and milked the last gooey drops from his throbbing member, jerking the tangy liquid into her open mouth as he massaged his jizz into her tits, rubbing it over her rock hard nipples.

They lay on the tile of the shower stall together, feeling the sensation of the hot water gliding over their bodies and the cool tile underneath them.  After relaxing for a few minutes more, Laura stood and washed the remains of their lovemaking from her breasts and crotch.  She poured shampoo into her hands and began lathering it into her floor length hair.  The neighbor, whose name she still didn’t know, got up to massage her scalp.  When they finished, he took her hand and led her out of the shower, gently wrapping her in a soft towel and drying her off.  His movements were so sweet and gentle, it was almost as if they were lovers, instead of just sex partners.  But this thought was quickly shoved out of her mind when she thought of her boyfriend, Zachary.

“Listen, I’ve had a great time with you, but my boyfriend is coming tonight.  I have to start getting ready for him.  I hope you understand.”  The stranger looked a bit hurt, but had a half-smile on his face as if he was trying not to show his disappointment.  Laura felt a little guilty and didn’t want to seem ungrateful so she offered him some coffee before he left, but he declined.

“I’ve got some things to do at home anyway,” he said.  “Thanks for everything.  I hope to see you again.”

“Oh definitely,” she said.  But, now that she was thinking more clearly, she knew she probably wouldn’t call upon the stranger again.  She loved Zachary and didn’t want to cheat on him again.  No, this was a one time thing that she didn’t plan to revisit.  She had cheated for the first and last time.

*******************************************************Knock knock knock.  Zachary’s over exaggerated bang on the door startled Laura out of a deep sleep.  “He’s here!” she thought happily to herself.  She had changed into a black cotton thong and tank top and tied her hair back with a silky ribbon.  She knew Zachary loved this sporty look and, feeling a bit guilty, she wanted to do everything she could to please him.  She rushed to unlock the door and it flew open as he paraded angrily inside and slammed the door behind him.  There were tears running down his gorgeous face.

“How could you do this to me?!” he screamed.  “I loved you, I worshipped you.  And you go and cheat on me with some guy you don’t even know?!  I would have done anything for you!  I was going to ask you to marry me tonight.”  Enraged, he threw a small velvet box onto the coffee table.

Big, wet tears swelled in Laura’s eyes.  How did he know?  She hadn’t told anyone.  Unless.....?  Suddenly she looked out the window and saw her sexy neighbor staring back at her.  He waved mischievously, turned, and walked down the hall.  Realizing she hadn’t said anything in minutes, she looked back at Zachary.  He was wreck, sitting on the couch in agony.

“First Kenneth, now this?!  This is the worst day of my life,” he cried into his hands.  It was then that she realized what a weak man Zachary was.  He was nothing like the strong, masculine neighbor she had fucked this morning.  He was so much better at fulfilling her sexual needs than Zachary.  What had she been thinking?!  She had almost married this pussy!  Suddenly, she wasn’t sorry for what she had done and was almost grateful to her neighbor for telling on her.  

Laura felt a heat beginning to swell between her thighs as she recalled the amazing sex she’d experienced last night and again this morning.  It was a blessing when Zachary rose from the sofa and started towards the door.  She felt sorry for him, but couldn’t ignore her sexual needs.  Laura picked up the box from the table and wanted to see the ring he had bought her, but decided against it and handed him the velvet case.  “I’m sorry,” was all she could think of to say as he walked through the door and slammed it behind him.  She watched through the window as he disappeared down the stairs and out of her life forever.

Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the sexy neighbor making his way towards her front door.  He was shirtless, revealing his muscular frame and smooth hairless skin.  Not even waiting for his knock, she swung the door open and pulled him inside.  He kissed her passionately and pushed her onto the couch, where her distraught boyfriend had been crying just moments earlier.  He kissed her neck and glided his hands over her shoulders, down her arms, and around to her braless tits.  She moaned softly as he let his hands drift over her huge breasts and underneath the thin cotton.  He pinched her nipples between his thumb and forefinger and delicately slipped the tank top over her arms and off of her trembling body.

He kissed his way down her neck and chest and kneaded one breast while gently kissing the other and sucking harshly on her nipple.  She felt herself getting wetter and wetter, almost soaking through her tiny thong.  Laura reached for his huge package and began rubbing gently until he stiffened under her touch.  She unbuttoned his jeans and tugged downward on the zipper.  He wriggled out of them, revealing that he wasn’t wearing any underwear at all.

Laura caressed her way down his firm body, stopping at his thighs and beginning to gently massage his balls.  She bent down and took his entire cock into her mouth at once.  He wasn’t  even touching her, but she felt so much erotic pleasure, that she moaned softly while circling his dick with her tongue.  She bobbed her head up and down and used both hands to knead his balls.  A gentle “mmm” escaped his lips and she sat up in his muscular arms. He smiled at her and lifted her gently off the couch.  He slid the sexy thong off of her body and bent her over, her hands pushing into the cushions. 

She felt those long fingers slide easily inside her dripping hole and his other hand reached around to massage her clit.  After a few minutes of this, her moans were increasing in volume and he knew it was time.  Her sexy neighbor plunged harshly inside of her velvety hole and he forcefully grabbed onto her hips for leverage.  His usually gentle fucking was strangely assertive as he seized a fistful of her long curly hair and thrust in and out of her.  He reached around with his other hand and began squeezing and tugging at her bouncing breasts.  It hurt, but it was a pain mixed with pleasure.

“Come on you little whore.  Make me cum, bitch.  You naughty little slut, make my cock spurt all over you.  Yeeeaaah whore...mmmm.”  He whispered erotic filth into her ear while his dick plunged deeply and hit her cervix.  His huge cock squirt a load of hot liquid inside her.  The feeling of him coming inside her and his dirty name calling drove her over the edge.  She came violently, pushing back against him.  Finally, they collapsed on the couch together.  The “cable guy” had fulfilled her every desire.*