 Laura couldn’t wait to see Zachary. It had been nearly 2 months since she’d seen his cool blue eyes and shiny black hair. She longed to run her fingers over his hard, firm chest and taste its sweet flesh. Many nights had she driven herself into orgasmic bliss just from the thought of his hard body.

Zachary was training to be a cop in a town 200 miles from Laura’s. They had promised to stay together and make their long distance relationship work by seeing each other at least once a month. But lately, Zachary had been acting differently. He hadn’t answered her calls and she got the feeling he was avoiding her. Still though, he had phoned her 2 days ago telling her he was coming for a visit. His usually deep and vibrant voice had sounded strangely distant as he said he had something important to tell her. Laura hoped and prayed he was finally going to ask her to marry him after 3 long years of waiting. He had told her once that he wanted to spend his life with her, but that was months ago and he never formally proposed.

Laura had been cleaning and straightening her apartment ever since Zachary had phoned her with the news of his expected arrival. She had covered her king sized bed with silk sheets and set candles on the end tables in anticipation of his visit. Now with only 2 hours to go, Laura began to dress and fix her hair. She chose a long backless blue satin night gown that hugged the curves of her tall, slim figure. It accentuated her 34C breasts, tiny waist, and long, trim legs as the silky folds traced over her smooth tan skin. She let her hair down, something she rarely did because of its length. She started at herself in the mirror as the soft black curls cascaded down her bare back and all the way to the floor, brushing against her small feet and painted toenails. She considered wearing her matching blue satin thong, but decided that the look was sexier without an undergarment.

She still had an hour and a half before the arrival of Zachary, so Laura settled down on the recliner to read a magazine. Her once racing heart began to slow as she turned the pages and she finally began to relax. With all the excitement of preparing for Zachary’s arrival, Laura had gotten very tired, and her eyelids began to feel heavy as she strained to read an article. Glancing at the clock and realizing she had at least another hour, she decided to succumb to her exhaustion and take a short nap.

After what seemed like hours, Laura awoke to the startling ring of the telephone. Dragging herself out of a rather deep sleep, she answered it with a weak and sleepy “Hello?”

That familiar, deep sexy voice responded “Hi baby, I’m really sorry but I’m not going to be able to make it tonight.” 

Laura felt the tears beginning to swell up in her eyes. “Why?” was all she could stammer out.

“A friend of mine has been in a car accident and we’re not sure if he’s going to make it. I need to stay here at the hospital over night. I’m sorry, honey. I’ll see you when I can.” With that he hung up the phone, without even telling her he loved her. Laura curled her legs up against her body and cried into the silky gown, not caring that she soaked the delicate fabric with her mascara doused tears.

Feeling the anger and sexual frustration rise within her, Laura yanked the phone from its socket and hurled it across the living room into the wall. She wanted to see it shatter into a thousand pieces, but instead the battery panel merely came loose, spilling two small batteries onto the floor. She got up and walked sadly to her room, then sprang onto her bed and landed with a thud on top of the silky comforter. Laura cried and cried into her pillow until she drifted off into a teary sleep.

Laura awoke to a comforting caress across her clitoris. Half asleep, she thought it must be a dream and she settled in to enjoy the attention lavished upon her sensitive nub. The stroking was very relaxing and she found herself drifting back to sleep until she suddenly felt two long fingers dip inside her wet hole. Realizing she couldn’t possible be doing this to herself since the fingers felt nothing like hers, she sprang up in her bed only to see a good looking, naked man stroking his hard cock with the hand he had not been using to pleasure her.

“Wh-who are you?” she stammered in surprise and fear. “What are you doing in my house?”

“I’m from the cable company. You hired me weeks ago to fix the cable in your bedroom. You had left the door open so I just came inside and when I saw you sleeping here, I just couldn’t resist joining you.”

Fully awake now, Laura was able to comprehend what was happening. She had almost been raped in her own home. “Get out of here you asshole!” she screamed at him. She scurried off of the bed and began throwing anything within reach at him. All of her attempts missed him by far and he just smiled at her, never once ceasing his masturbation. 

“Do you really want me to leave? Because you seemed to be enjoying what I was doing to you,” he said sexily. Laura looked down at her breasts. Her nipples were protruding through the silky night gown. Embarrassed, she covered herself and ran to the living room to call the police. But she was stopped short when she saw the phone laying on the floor and the cord obviously ripped too harshly from the wall to be repaired. She would have to go back into the bedroom to get the cell phone.

She went to the kitchen to get a knife, opening the drawers carefully, hoping to keep the intruder in her bed so he wouldn’t follow her. Slowly and quietly, she crept around the corner to her bedroom and peeked inside. Thankfully, he was laying in the same spot, still jerking off and smiling at her. With the knife hidden behind her back, Laura walked over to the chair by her night stand and retrieved her purse.

“Honey, why don’t you come back to bed? Wouldn’t you love to have this inside you?” He stroked his now rigid cock and gently turned it towards her.

She found herself involuntarily looking at his engorged member, and licking her lips. Her pussy began to dampen and she longed to feel those long fingers inside her again. Suddenly she snapped out of her trance and, ashamed of her thoughts, reached inside her bag to find her cell phone. Beginning to calm down a bit, she decided to talk to the intruder. “I don’t remember hiring anyone from the cable company,” she said. “Besides, no one fixes cable at 9:30 at night.”

The stranger kept smiling and looking at Laura, but he shifted his position on the bed. It was then that she noticed his amazing pecs and toned abs. His arms were muscular, but not bumpy looking and he was almost completely hairless except for his well trimmed dark pubic hair crowning his long, thick cock. She found herself staring at him again as he answered her, but she was so enthralled in her own naughty thoughts, she hadn’t heard what he said. “I’m sorry, what was that?” she stammered.

He laughed mischievously, throwing his head back. His thick, slightly curling chestnut hair blew slowly across his forehead from the wind of the nearby open window. “I said, I’m not really from the cable company. I just moved in across the street a few days ago. I heard you talking to someone on your cell phone about the cable needing to be fixed, so I thought I would..umm..give you hand?” With that he shifted to the other side of the bed where she stood next to it and outstretched his hand to meet the smooth skin of her thigh. She involuntarily smirked, then realized what she was doing. She began to dial 911 on her cell phone, but the man jerked it out of her hand and threw it to the other side of the bed.

“Don’t call the police, honey, I’ll leave if you want. But I think you want this as much as I do,” he said, sliding his hand up higher on her now quivering thigh. Laura couldn’t believe what she was doing, but she spread her legs slightly, allowing him easier access to her now soaking pussy. “Come into bed and relax, baby.” He moved over and pulled her by her leg into the silky sheets next to him.

Without hesitation Laura began to kiss his lips hungrily as he slid his hand closer and closer to her cunt. Needing to feel him touch her, she slid her crotch down to meet his hand. He giggled into her mouth as she began shamelessly humping his long fingers. He stopped her by gently placing a hand on her waist to slow her movements. “Slow down, baby,” he said sweetly. “We’ve got all night.”

Laura tried to relax and take her time, but she had been so sexually frustrated earlier that she just needed him to take her. They used their tongues to explore each other’s mouths as Laura reached down to feel his hard dick in her small, feminine hand. She gently pumped the base using only her fingers while he shoved his fingers as deep into her pussy as possible. She moaned into his mouth while she wrapped her entire palm around his shaft and squeezed hard, jerking up and down. 

Suddenly, he pulled his fingers out of her dripping hole and forcefully grabbed her hips. In one smooth motion he had turned her upside down and on top of him with her legs spread over his face. He lifted the skirt of her nightgown up over her thighs and, not bothering to uncover the rest of her, buried his face in her completely shaved pussy. Finding herself face to face with his huge cock, she began to lick and tease the head. She tried to concentrate but was having trouble as his tongue darted in and out of her cunt and pushed hard against her clit. 

Laura let her throat muscles relax and took his entire penis into her mouth at once. She used her tongue to circle the shaft while she pumped the base and fondled his balls in her hands. His breathing quickened and he slid his tongue as far inside her as it would go by pulling down on her tight ass and driving his tongue into her. She moaned loudly and almost screamed, lost in the pleasure of an intense orgasm. Stopping the blow job she was giving him, Laura collapsed in exhaustion from the powerful orgasm and lay her head on his thigh.

They lay like that for a few minutes before he started massaging her clit again. Starting to get really turned on, Laura wanted him to fuck her right there. She flipped around so that she was face to face with him again and kissed him deeply. He kissed her ear and gently slid his tongue over it. “I want you,” he whispered sexily. That was all she needed. Laura desperately straddled his huge cock, spreading her pussy lips wide. She lowered herself onto him and heard him gasp as he fully entered her. She began moving up and down ever so slightly, but went as slow as possible, not wanting this to end. The stranger had other ideas. He bucked his hips up hard and fast, grabbing onto her waist. She enjoyed having him so deep inside her and began to moan as he continued impaling her deeply. 

Beginning to move faster, she slid up and down on his glistening shaft, running her hands over his hairless chest. He moved his hand to their join crotches and began roughly rubbing her clitoris. She moaned and screamed as they came simultaneously, him spurting a stream of thick, sticky cum deep inside her. She collapsed on his chest with him still inside her and smiled. She didn’t need Zachary after all.*