 This is actually the sequel to the story, "Fouling the Ref" with a different title. I hope you enjoy the experience as much as I did with Chris from Florida. 

*****

It was now March of my senior year in high school and I was 18 years old. The basketball season had ended and we were already several games into the spring fast pitch softball season. Even though I wasn't as talented in softball, I had a higher passion for it. Being from southern California, our weather allows us to play early in the spring and in the last week of March, our neighboring city hosts a large softball tournament called the "Spring Break Classic." During that time, several schools are actually on their spring break and participate. That year, there were 64 teams. 

The tournament is played on 14 fields which consist of three quads or 12 softball diamonds along with two extra fields that are located down a small path by the woods. We always have a great time during this tournament and right before it was to start, I get an unexpected text from an official named Chris whom I had a hot, passionate fling with while at a holiday basketball tournament in Orlando, Florida. 

Chris was close to 40 years old but looked younger and the fact he was more than 20 years older than me only made our hookup that much hotter. I had forgotten that in addition to refereeing basketball, he was also a baseball and fast pitch softball umpire. 

His text read, "Hey girl. It's me. Your favorite Florida ref. Guess what? Gonna be in your neck of the woods to umpire the Spring Break Classic. Maybe we can get together." 

So after exchanging several texts, I let him know that it was a possibility if our schedules lined up. He even called me and hoped we could work something out. The tournament began and we won the first three games on Monday and Tuesday. Unfortunately, Chris and I couldn't seem to synchronize our schedules and it was looking more and more like none of the days were going to work out. 

That changed when a large rainstorm swept through the area, putting the games on several hours of delay. Chris was umpiring on field 13 which was in the back by the woods off to the left of field 14. My game was an hour and half earlier but ended up a run rule shortened contest and we were in the last inning when the pouring started. Thank goodness we were able to finish but not without getting soaking wet and muddy. 

Even with several hours of delay, the tournament director decided the games would be played well into the late night and early morning hours so not to get behind. We were going to be off the next game and then play the midnight round. It was going to be a long night. Our team had gathered our equipment and to seek refuge under a large covered pavilion. Eventually the rains had stopped and the interruption was now for getting the fields dragged and prepared to play. 

With a little time to kill and while still in my uniform, I walked around the complex and back to field 13 to sneak a chance to talk to Chris. He was standing in the dugout dressed in his plate gear. From beyond the outfield fence, I yelled for him.

Chris looked up, squinted his eyes and smiled while we walked toward me in the wet grass, "Brittni, is that you? Oh, wow it is good to see you. I was worried we may not get to see each other." 

When he arrived at the fence, he put his hands up to the chain links while I put mine up to his on the other side. We caught up and exchanged pleasant conversation. We both looked like drowned rats with his clothes soaked along with his hair up under his umpire cap and my tightly braided blonde hair starting to frizz due to the moisture. 

Even with the lights glowing on the fields, the cloudy, slightly foggy darkness made it difficult to see with any distance. The sparse crowd was still sitting over 200 feet behind Chris with umbrellas up and the forest was directly behind me. With his chest protector under his shirt, he looked very buff and cute. I had a devious idea.

I smiled and requested, "Let me see him?"

Chris was puzzled, looked side to side and asked, "See who?" 

My smile increased as a nodded my head to his crotch, "You know who I mean. It's been a while and I want to see him." 

He snapped, "Are you nuts? There is no way. I would get arrested in a minute." 

"Those people are directly behind you and you can barely see them from here, so you know they can barely see you. They aren't paying attention anyway," I reasoned. 

I continued referring to his cock, "C'mon, let me see him. I bet he missed me something terrible." I pulled out my phone and handed it to Chris through the fence while presenting my idea, "You hold my phone up to your ear and it will look like you are talking to someone and even if those people could see you, which they can't, they will not have a clue." 

I got down on my knees in the mud, "Come closer. Put your bulge up against the fence." 

Chris's mouth and head were totally against the idea but his cock was winning the argument as he put his crotch up against the fence, "Just have a quick look and be done with it." 

Through the metal chain link, I unzipped his grey umpire slacks only to be met with his safety cup tucked in front of his athletic supporter before I giggled, "Would you pull the cup out for me?" 

Chris looked side to side again, held my phone up to his ear to continue his ruse, gave a big sigh and started pulling his jock and cup down under his balls inside his pants, "Britt, I'm serious, this is insane. I am going to get into trouble." 

With two fingers, I pulled his sweaty, soft cock out through his zipper and placed it through the fence, "There he is." I leaned in and kissed the head while cooing, "I bet he is so happy to see me. Aren't you baby?" as I continued to place intermittent kisses on his cock like it was a person.

The funky smell emitted from his fly and I could taste the sweat on his penis head as I snickered, "It is so sweaty. I bet he hated being cooped up inside that tight space. I'm sure he is so happy to be free now." 

Chris responded but could not physically resist my advances, "Of course he is sweaty. This is my fifth game of the day. Oh my god, we are going to get busted."

I wrapped my mouth around his cock and started sucking it, "Mmmm." I pulled off and spoke in my seductive voice, "He is very salty and sweaty. Don't worry baby, I will clean him for you," before I went back to sucking it. 

Chris groaned and shifted so it looked like he was still talking on the phone. His thick 7 inches swelled and became rock hard within seconds. I continued sucking his dick through his zipper opening and the fence. 

I stopped as I felt a pubic hair get lodged in my throat. I pulled my mouth of his cock as a string of saliva dripped to the grass. Using my finger, I scraped the back of my tongue and hacked until the stray hair was removed. 

"There we go. Where were we? Look at him stick out through the fence. Now he is so happy to be out of that cramped space. Are you sure you want me to stop?" I sarcastically asked with tongue in cheek. 

"Ohho, I guess I can't stop you. You are the boss, baby," he moaned when he felt my warm mouth engulf his erection. 

I immediately overwhelmed his sweaty hard on with a huge gulp and proceeded with his blowjob. I was moving back and forth so quickly I could feel my braided pony tail slapping me on the back of my neck. 

"Oh fuck, Britt! I'm getting close. You're gonna make me cum. Oh, fuck," Chris gurgled. 

I slid back and forth on his dick a little faster. My cheeks would press into the fence wire with every decent. I could feel his shaft swell and throb. I knew it was a matter of seconds before it would let loose! 

Chris grabbed the fence with his fingers tightening through the metal while he grunted, "Fuck, I'm cummin. Augh...Aughh...Augghhhh! Take it baby! Suck it out of me! Ohh, damn. That feels fuckin amazing. Whew!" 

Chris always shoots hard and this was no different when I felt the first spurt hit the back of my throat and the following blasts struck the roof of my mouth. When his cock had finished ejaculating, I could feel him release the fence and hear him take deep breaths trying to recover. 

With my mouth still clamped on his softening cock, trying to suck out the remaining semen from the shaft, Chris gasped, "Whew. I never get sick of that. That was incredible. Oh, wow. I needed that."

I stood up with a mouth full of spunk and now my white softball pant knees were even wetter and muddier. I mumbled before swallowing the salty slime. 

I licked my lips and smiled, "See, I knew he was wanting me to help him out. Now he feels so much better." 

Chris was already adjusting his cup and zipping up his pants before thanking me, "Thank you. That was awesome. I better get back. It looks like the field is almost done. Oh, here take your phone back."

I giggled and walked off to find my team. I met them and we played our last game. Finally, when most the games had ended, it was in the middle of the night. We were all worn out and ready to go home. Since the tournament was located close to our home town, we were able to drive our own vehicles. 

After loading my bag into the back of my SUV, I was driving around the park, trying to leave the complex when I received a text from Chris, telling me, he himself, had just gotten finished and was about to change clothes at his rented car. After telling me his location, I drove back to where he was parked in a poorly lit, little grassy area on the east side of the complex. 

I parked and went up to his car. Poor Chris had umpired 6 games and was just sitting in his seat, trying to gather the energy to change out of his umpiring uniform. His door and his trunk were open. 

I walked up and said, "You ok? You look very tired like me." 

His hat was off and he looked up and responded, "I'm better now that you are here. That entire game I kept thinking about what we did right there on the field. You are crazy girl."

I laughed, "You know me. You know I have another crazy idea."

"Oh no, what now? I'm afraid to ask," Chris hesitantly asked

.

I giggled, "Look, there isn't many people still around. It is very dark. How about we have a round two?" 

"I don't know, I'm exhausted. I can barely move," he huffed. 

I ducked down and slid inside Chris's car, on his lap. I began to kiss his face and intermittedly would say, "Oh, is my sweetie tired? I think I have the cure for that." 

I was horny. After blowing Chris earlier, my pussy basically stayed wet the rest of the evening. When I was playing, I could feel it squishing together as I ran. I decided I was going to have him fuck me right there in the car and I didn't care how tired he was. 

I hopped over into the passenger seat and shifted it back in an almost supine position. While lying there, I took off my tennis shoes, put my feet up on the dash, lifted my ass, and then slid my softball pants and panties down to my ankles before sitting them on the console between the seats. 

With my legs spread wide, I kept my long sock covered feet up on the dash, while fingering myself, "Oooo, come feel this. I'm so wet. I need your dick inside me." I then stuck my finger in my mouth and licked my own juices, "Mmmmm, this pussy tastes good. You want some of this?"

Like a guy with a huge burst of energy, it was his turn to lift his ass and pull his umpiring pants down over his now exposed shin guards strapped to his legs. The pants along with the ball bags were bunched around his clunky plate shoes. He quickly yanked his athletic supporter down as well, allowing his hard dong to flop out of his cup. 

It wasn't easy but he awkwardly shuffled his way over to my seat, and positioned himself on top of me. With my softball socks covering most of my legs, I hiked them back where my feet were almost pressed against the roof of the car. Chris put his hard cock into my slippery hole with ease. 

His thick chest protector under his shirt was pressed against my breasts and he began to pump. His cock felt great as it slid in and out of me. It was just what I needed and within minutes I began to scream.

"Oh yes...fuck me...do it! Aughh, I'm cumming! Ohhhhh. It feels so good!" 

Not long after, I was cumming a second time and since Chris had already shot his load in my mouth about three hours prior, his stamina was amazing. He was on top of me, his belt buckle jingling around his ankles, grunting and thrusting like a champion, filling me up like the naughty girl I was. Even when headlights drove by us, he never slowed down.

After my third orgasm, Chris announced he was getting close, "Oh baby, I'm going to cum inside you. Oh, I'm about to unload."

However, he kept pumping and pumping. He needed something to put him over the edge. I reached beside me and grabbed my silk panties draped across the emergency break handle. 

I whispered as I mashed those panties into his face, "Go ahead, daddy, smell these. Smell my pussy! Do it. You like sniffing my panties don't you? Cum inside me. Fill that pussy up with your love." 

His body began jerking uncontrollably as he growled and mumbled into the silky material, "There it is! Auggghhhhhh, yesssssssss! Feel that. Ohhh! Ohhh! I'm still squirting. Ohhhh!" 

I loved feeling his warm seed blast off inside my slippery vagina. My pussy felt like it was actually sucking the cum out of his dick like a mouth would do. I even reached around Chris's hips, grabbed his ass and pressed it deeper inside me. When he finished, he let out a huge sigh and laid on top of me while we kissed. 

I opened the passenger door and he was able to slide off me and onto the ground. His cock was covered with our juices and he went ahead and changed his clothes. While I was gathering my pants he reminded me, "Don't forget your panties." 

I giggled, "Nah, I'm leaving them for you to take back to your hotel this week. You might need them to help yourself relax." 

I dressed and left. I got home around 4 am but it was a great evening. Chris texted me and made sure I arrived safely. We never saw each other the rest of the tournament but I'm sure after hearing fans complain that umpires blow calls, nobody would have guessed on that night, the call actually blew the umpire.