 For almost everyone, Katie Monthermer was an enigma. Everyone knew her and everyone, upon a little reflection, could only conclude that they knew almost nothing about her. They knew her name, that she was probably about 40, that she had good looks, dressed well, seemed very intelligent and spoke with a slightly old-fashioned vocabulary. Beyond this there was not much more anybody could say for sure. Where she came from and what she did with herself remained cloudy and largely unknown, which is how Katie preferred to keep it. The lack of concrete facts of course created rumours about her, that she was possibly related to someone famous or that she had strange connections with people abroad. There was even a dark rumour that she had once been to a conference with three of the younger guys from the promotions department, that she had screwed all three of them, one after the other, in her hotel room. All of it was just conjecture, nobody knew her at all. However, there was one thing all were agreed upon and certainly was true, that she was very good looking, sexy in a high class sort of way and she appeared to like men rather a lot. 

She'd worked at LeVie Sport Management for some years as a public relations manager, a job which seemed to give her a lot of leeway to go off and do things, though like everything with Katie nobody was quite sure what these things might be or where she did them. It mattered little as everyone liked Katie even if they knew little about her. She was always friendly and had time for everyone, seemed to know everyone's name and could even remember most people's birthday. LeVie's is a busy company with around 150 employees working with sports people across the world. Many of the staff were quite young, some being semi-professional sports men and women themselves. There were though the core staff members who had been with the business since it had begun sometime in the 1990s. Katie, at around 40 (or so people supposed) fell rather into the middle between the youngsters and the old guard, a position that suited her well as she had a wide choice. 

And so we come to the story of The Calendar and the photoshoot. Every year, around Christmas, the company sends out a calendar to all the clients that they deal with. Every year this calendar had been similar, bought in from a supplier of such things who had a stock of themed images allowing you to choose anything from kittens to scantily clad ladies. Unsurprisingly the company had always chosen sports images though it was known that some of the footballer clients would have preferred the scantily clad ladies.

Last year someone had an idea that the company should make the calendar themselves by using images of twelve members of staff, one for each month. In truth, the usual sports themed calendar had become quite stale and predictable, something rather different was definitely needed in order to have any impact with the clients. The Boss, bless him, thought this was a splendid idea and so an email was sent out to all staff asking for volunteers to be photographed for the calendar wearing their choice of clothing. The mail was very fair as it stated that everyone was welcome to apply no matter what age or department as it was felt that a true mix representing the staff was what was needed. 

When Katie received the email the idea rather appealed to her. She knew she wasn't a twenty something anymore but she was in good shape and so put her name forward to be included if they wanted her. Here, she thought, is an opportunity to show them what I'm made of!

As is usual in these situations they formed a small group to manage the calendar project, everyone likes a little committee don't they, somewhere to be important for a few minutes. Katie had no idea how they chose the staff that would appear in the calendar but they included her and that was fine! They decided to ask one of the staff, Alistair, who is an amateur photographer, to do the photoshoot, keeping the whole thing in-house. Alistair, always called Ali, is a great guy, aged about 50, always courteous and pleasant and ready to give his time when people needed it. Katie knew he had a hobby with photography but no idea what type of images he made or even if he was very good at it. 

Shooting of the images for the calendar was set for a Friday with a 30-minute slot for each person. Katie found that she was the last on the list, scheduled for 4pm, in a room on the ground floor. The company is in an older building with the main offices on the first floor, all of which have been refurbished to high modern standard, lots of white panelling and chrome and subtle lighting. The ground floor has, however, not really had much development and remains much as it was when built in the 1950s, giving it a slightly jaded look, but a lot of character. The floor is only used by Stan, he being the person who looks after all of the paraphernalia the company uses such as stationery, exhibition stuff, travel gear and all manner of other things. Stan is the sort of person who can help you out with anything, it's like the old curiosity shop in his place. 

A large room, hardly ever used, had been allocated to Ali to set up his equipment and it was to here that Katie arrived promptly at 4pm. The door was open so she went in and said hallo to Ali who she knew quite well as they had both worked at the company for several years. The room was sparse with only a big white background and three photographic lights plus a large burnt orange leather sofa along one wall. The windows, along one side, had the blinds drawn which helped make the room private at least. Ali explained that he would help with ideas about how to pose and that he would be taking quite a few pictures to ensure that he got one that was good for the calendar.

"What are you going to wear then?" he asked.

"What have the others worn?" Katie wanted to know.

"OK, most the men turned up in suits, just to be boring I suppose though Jake came in his football kit and that was a bit different I guess. Oh yeah, Lydia from accounts she wore a little black dress which was quite sexy and Chrissy, the receptionist, was quite daring wearing her Saturday night out at the club outfit," he replied, "yeah, she at least made an effort."

"So, if I wear my favourite underwear you won't mind then?" Katie asked.

"What is it?"

"A white camisole top, lacy straps," she replied.

Ali nodded and suggested Katie get changed in a small room through a door on the right. She told him it was fine as she was already wearing what she wanted and didn't need the changing room. She went over to the leather sofa and facing Ali, took off her T-shirt. He watched and commented that the camisole looked good, in fact, very good.

"I'm glad you approve," she said, and then pulled off her jeans, leaving her standing there in just the top and a pair of white knickers to match. Ali raised his eyebrows but said nothing. Kate suspected he was quite pleased. The top was a nice tight fit and just slightly transparent so it certainly allowed Katie to show off her figure, her nipples standing through the fabric enough to make it quite sexy.

She went and stood on the white background and Ali suggested ways for her to pose so that he might obtain some good shots. Katie turned and twisted and made sure that she stuck her boobs out so that her figure could be seen to best advantage. Ali was pleased with how these first shots went and showed them to Katie on the camera monitor. The top looked very sensual, her breasts standing out firmly under the thin white material, through which you could just discern the areola of her nipples. 

Katie had brought a change of outfit consisting of a big white man's shirt and a smaller pair of white knickers. She told Ali that she wanted to pose wearing this as it might look rather different.

"Fine, we've got enough in the first shoot so you can change now if you want. You can nip into that room there," he said.

"Oh, it's OK," she replied, "you just turn around while I swop tops and things."

He shrugged his shoulders and turned around. She took the shirt out of her bag and made sure that she took the camisole off and put the shirt on whilst she stood just behind Ali. 

"Nearly done, I've just got to swop my knickers."

Clearly, she wanted to raise his tension a little so that he got more enthusiastic and daring with the images he was taking. Changed, she went in front of the camera again and Ali started taking further pictures of her in the white shirt. 

She made sure that it had only one button done up so that it let him get a glimpse of her beneath the shirt. Provocatively she pushed it off her left shoulder and let it drop until her breast was almost exposed, the shirt just stopping before her nipple was showing. Ali was firing the camera with a lot more zest now, paying a lot of attention to Katie!

When Ali had taken enough shots of Katie posing in the white shirt he asked her to come and look at the results on the screen on the back of the camera. She went and stood next to him and he scanned through the images which looked good, much better than she expected. It is always a little strange , thought Katie, to see pictures of yourself, you think you look different to what you expect, somehow another person. Whatever, these images made her look bright, cool and sexy which is exactly what she wanted to see. The images where she had pulled the shirt off her shoulder looked especially good, revealing just enough to make you want to see more!

The photoshoot seemed to make Katie feel quite sexy after some initial nervousness. Posing in her camisole and then white shirt in front of Ali and his camera was, in fact, a real turn on and she wondered if they might take a few more shots. So, trying to be as casual as possible she asked Ali what type of pictures he normally took and if he had a studio somewhere. He explained that he mostly photographed "the urban environment" and yes, he did have a studio at his home. She asked him if he ever photographed models at home but he said no, hardly ever as he didn't really know anyone for this. Katie was surprised and said so, telling him his pictures were good and he should, perhaps, think about photographing models. Katie then plucked up the courage to say that she supposed he had never done any topless or glamour shots or anything like that.

Ali replied that he had never had the opportunity to do topless work with a model, but it was something he had thought about but he would need to find a model who was happy to do this without being paid or signing contracts and all of that. Katie thought for a moment as it seemed that now was the moment, the time to do something.

"I think it would be quite sweet if you took a few shots of me topless, but only if you want to, if you think I look OK," she offered.

She was nervous that he might be shocked at the suggestion but also very curious to see what the images would look like. She had never taken her top off for glamour photographs before, however she really liked Ali and feeling a little naughty she wanted Ali to see her topless. 

Naturally he made a feeble protest saying she didn't have to do this but Katie simply told him to be quiet as she wanted to do it and wanted to do it now. The situation made her feel very excited and at the same time nervous. She recalled the first time she had sex, really worked up and wanting her boyfriend to do it but nervous about what it would feel like. She felt the same now, wondering what it would feel like, in a few moments, posing topless while Ali photographed her. Katie told Ali that they should begin, but first she wanted to look good, that she wanted her nipples to be firm and erect as this always looks much sexier in photographs. 

"Yes, OK, but how are you going to do that?" he asked, which was a reasonable question.

"Well," she replied, trying to look coy, "I think I know how."

Katie moved very close to Ali and turned so that she had her back to him. She took his right hand and gently lifted it and placed it inside her shirt. Ali could feel the softness of her skin and took her left breast and cupped it in his hand while he let his thumb tease her nipple which he could feel swell and harden as he did so. 

"Now the other one."

He removed his right hand and putting his arm around her waist pulled her into him. He put his left hand in her shirt and fondled her right breast and as he did so Katie pushed her bottom into his crotch and wigged it slightly. Then she pulled away from him.

"Ooooo, that's it," she exclaimed, "that's done the job, thank you."

Katie turned and smiled up at him before moving to go and stand in front of the camera once again. Now, she thought, let's take some sexy pictures! 

Standing in front of the camera she felt strong, in charge of what was happening, positive about the situation. She pulled the white shirt off her right shoulder to expose her breast and stood in semi profile to Ali who was clicking away happily taking several shots. She leaned back slightly and pushed out her chest so that her breasts were proud and prominent. 

She smiled at Ali and wiggled her shoulders a little at him. She wondered if it tuned him on, seeing someone he'd worked with for some time half naked in front of him. He was though, very professional and seemed to concentrate on taking the shots. She posed for more shots with the shirt fully open while trying to look demure and like the "girl from the office". 

The atmosphere was quite electric in the room, few words spoken between them, just a special tension like a taught wire. Katie could sense Ali's enthusiasm for what they were doing. 

The spark in the air had its effect on her too and she decided to push things just a bit further. She asked Ali if it would be alright if she lay on the floor while he took some shots from above; she'd seen pictures taken this way and they rather appealed to her. Ali responded that indeed he could do this as he had some small steps he could stand on so she lay down wearing just the small white knickers and with the shirt flung wide open. In this position Ali appreciated just what a good-looking woman Katie was, a firm body with soft almost glowing honey coloured skin. Even lying down her breasts were full and firm, her nipples standing erect waiting for someone to kiss them. She stretched out her legs, the muscles well-toned and her thighs long and slender.

Ali stood on the steps and shot down, she posed trying to look cool and collected as if it might be something she did every day.

When he had taken a few shots, Katie hooked her fingers into the sides of her knickers and started to push them down, just a little at first. She looked at Ali, to gauge his reaction, to see if he was shocked but he smiled and said she looked fabulous. Katie didn't need any more encouragement and did the naughty thing of pulling her knickers down a further, just enough to let him see, only for a moment, the lips of her fanny and that she was completely shaved. She heard the camera shutter click and pulled her knickers back up.

"Wow, I wasn't expecting that," said Ali, "you really do look amazing, simply amazing!"

"It's not too much is it," she asked, "me being nearly nude, you're not offended, are you?"

"Me, no, I am very honoured to be allowed to see and shoot you like this," he replied, "I've never made shots like this before."

"Well that's two of us," she told him, "I've never posed like this before, topless or nude, but it feels really good to be doing it."

She knew that he was a little nervous, but also knew that seeing her wearing very little with her breasts firm and standing out was certainly turning him on, in fact a great deal. The situation, with just the two of them in the room, the quiet, the charged-up atmosphere had certainly made Katie feel sexy, quite unlike at any previous occasion. She felt naughty. It was a good feeling for her. She went to look, once again, at the shots Ali had just taken, on the camera monitor, standing close to Ali with her white shirt swinging open. She wasn't particularly interested in the images at that exact moment though, her mind was on other things. She put her hand on Ali's back and slowly rubbed it up and down.

"Hmmm, great pictures Ali, you make me look fantastic, very sexy," she said.

"They look pretty good to me, you pose so naturally and you have a stunning figure."

"Do you know that was one of the sexiest things I can remember doing," she said, "I'm quite turned on, very, you can't imagine."

"I can."

"I'm probably a bad girl," said Katie looking down at the floor and then back at Ali, "but I really would like a quickie. Would you give Katie one?"

"Here and now?" he asked.

"Yes, why not, there's nobody about and I really do want you to give it to me, right now, just here."

"Yes, but how?"

"Come on," she said, "I'll sit on the edge of the desk and you can stand in front of me. Come on Ali, come over here."

Katie crossed to the desk and sat on the edge, her legs apart. Ali came over to her, unable to resist the temptation of her sudden offer. He stood between her knees and put his hand to undo the belt in his jeans.

"No, don't," exclaimed Katie, "just undo the zip and take it out and I'm still not going to let you get my knickers off either, you'll have to pull them over and go in at the side. Come on, I know it's crazy but it feels kind of dirty this way."

"Yeah, you are crazy do you know that. Come here then, put your arms behind you on the desk and support yourself," he replied.

Katie did as he suggested, leaning back on her arms and pushing her bottom to the edge of the desk. Ali went to remove her shirt but she slapped his hand and told him no. He unzipped his jeans and with a little difficulty, being fully erect, manoeuvred his cock out through the fly. Katie looked admiringly at him and thought what a perfectly proportioned cock he had. Ali moved so that he was almost touching Katie, leaving just enough space between them for him to reach down and to slide his finger in the side of her knickers so that he could pull them to one side and expose her fanny. 

"Go on then, go into me, don't be shy, I want you right now. Give it to me quickly, don't hang about," said Katie very firmly.

"Shut up and wait a minute."

Ali lifted his arm and without any warning gave Katie a hard smack on the top of her thigh.

"Jeeps," yelped Katie, "you bastard! That hurts."

"Then do as you're told or I'll smack you much harder next time," Ali said, "and before we do it I want to finger you for a moment, just for the pleasure of it."

"Go on then, finger me, but hurry up and do it."

Ali slid his finger down over her clitoris, which made Katie squirm with pleasure, down into the warm moist area between her legs. She was wet with expectation and lust. He teased her a little moving his finger around but not into her. Katie reacted by moving her hips back and forth, trying to capture him. Then he pushed his middle finger firmly inside her, as far as he could, bending and straightening it as he massaged her G spot. He could feel her growing wetter still with the pleasure of being fingered. He pulled his finger out and immediately pushed both his index and middle finger into her.

Ooow, cripes, owww," Katie uttered as he pushed both his fingers up and down in her.

Now he took his fingers away and held his firm erect penis, bending it down so that the head was just touching the lips of Katie's vagina. Still holding himself he pushed forward just a little, just enough to be sure he was on target.

"Are you ready then?" he said as he looked her straight in the eyes, "I'm going push this all the way up into you without stopping."

"Go on then, do it."

"First things first. It won't be too long before I come, what do you want me to do?"
