 The next couple of days flew by. When I wasn't working I was thinking about Elle. I briefly talked to Katie a couple of times, but didn't tell her about Elle. I'm not sure why I didn't, but I just kept it to myself.

After work on Thursday, I took the Lincoln to get it washed and then went home to get showered and dressed. I wore a pair of black jeans with a white, button down, denim shirt, a black leather jacket and black sneakers. I had to use the GPS to find Elle's apartment, I wasn't familiar with her neighborhood.

I found it and knocked on the door at five minutes to seven. Elle opened the door and I was dazed speechless. I had never seen her in anything but a pair of jean shorts and v-necked tee shirt. She stood in the door in a spaghetti strapped dress, black with a white floral print. It was very short, showing her long, tanned, beautiful legs to perfection. Her white-blonde hair was swept up on her head, leaving her long neck bare, except for a simple silver chain with a black and white Yin Yang symbol dangling from it. She was absolutely stunning.

I found my voice, "Elle, don't take this the wrong way, but you're a girl!"

She smiled, "How could I possibly take that the wrong way?"

I couldn't believe that I had said that. "I'm sorry, I mean, you look gorgeous. I just have never seen you in anything but your work clothes."

She blushed and smiled again. "I certainly hope so; I've been getting ready all day. You should see my bedroom. All of my clothes are on the bed." She giggled, embarrassed by her admission.

I looked at her again. "I'm sure I told you that this place was casual, didn't I? You're certainly not dressed casually. You make me look like an old goat."

She laughed, "OK, thank you." She stood back and looked at me. "You do not look like an old goat. You look great. Do you want to come in for a drink or something?"

I looked at my watch. "We should really get going; we've got reservations at seven thirty."

"OK, let me grab my purse." She dashed back into her apartment and came back with a small black purse. She took my hand, catching me by surprise and we walked out to the car.

"Wow, this is nice," she said, "is it new?"

"Yeah," I replied, "it's basically my company car."

I got a brief flash of black panties as she slid in and she grinned, catching me looking. I turned red, but didn't say anything and neither did she. The radio came on as I started the car and she wanted it off, so I turned it off. I was startled as she laid her hand on my knee as I drove. I took her hand in mine as I drove.

"Is this the first date you've been on since the divorce?" She asked.

"Yeah, other than taking Katie out to dinner," I said. "Why?

"Because your hand is all sweaty." She giggled.

I jerked my hand away and rubbed it on my jeans. "Oh, Jeez, Elle, I'm sorry."

She took my hand back into hers. "It's OK, Aidan, it really is. I think it's sweet that you're nervous on our first date."

I glanced at her and her expression turned serious. "It is our first date, isn't it? Will there be more?"

"The only way there won't be more is if you don't want any more." I answered.

She smiled, "OK."

We got to the restaurant and as we walked in she slipped her hand in mine. I was a little proud of myself as we walked through the door and she caused the head of every guy in the place to turn, as well as some of the women. We were seated in a high-backed booth in the back that afforded us some privacy.

As we settled in the server, Mario, asked what we wanted to drink. "I'm going to start with water," I said, "and then I'll ask you to recommend a wine to go with our dinner, if that's OK." I looked at Elle and she nodded.

"Excellent sir," Mario said, "and the beautiful lady?"

Elle blushed and whispered that she would do the same.

"Could we have the Burrata to start?" I asked.

"Yes sir, excellent sir," Mario said and quietly disappeared. He was quickly back with the water and just as quickly disappeared again.

"So," she said softly, "have you talked to Katie this week?"

"No, I haven't," I answered. "I've had a really busy week."

I looked up at her, the expression on her face difficult to read. Though I did think I knew about what she was thinking. When she noticed me studying her face, she looked away.

"Elle," I said and she kept studying the menu.

"Yes?" She said quietly.

"Elle, look at me." I said gently, but firmly.

She slowly raised her eyes to mine. "Katie and I are as over as Jeannie and I. We both knew that what we had, for the time that we had it, was good for the both of us. But it's over. I'm ready to see what you and I can be. I really like you, Elle. What I told you about my dad was true; he has been bugging me to call you. I told him from the outset that I didn't want to ask you out until I knew that you wouldn't be caught up in a rebound."

I reached over and took her hands in mine. "If I had met you before I met Jeannie, I would have asked you out. That's how much I like you, Elle."

She smiled and squeezed my hands, saved from having to respond by Mario. He brought the Burrata and dip. He asked if we were ready to order and I asked him to give us some time. He left and Elle waited to speak until he was gone.

"Aidan, I believe you and I trust you. I just didn't want to get in between you and your sister if you were still involved. I also didn't want to try and compete with her. I want to see what we can be, too. I think you are one of the sweetest men I have ever known and I want us to give this everything we've got." She paused to look into my eyes and squeeze my hands. She also ran her thumbs slowly over the back of my hands, the soft, sensuous, massage giving me chills and making my dick jump a little. "I do think you're done with Katie as a lover and ready to move on with your life. I really, really want you in mine from now on, if you're ready to be a big part of my life."

I was a little stunned by the depth of emotion in her speech, and didn't immediately respond. Her eyes got huge and she started to pull away, but I didn't let her.

"I'm sorry Elle, I should have responded right away," I said. "You took me by surprise, that's all. I didn't expect you to go all in like that. I am more than ready for you to be a big part of my life...as big a part as I want to be of yours."

The tears that had been brimming in her eyes tumbled down her cheeks as she sobbed, I hoped in relief. I scooted out of my side of the booth and slipped into her side, folding her in my arms. "I'm sorry Elle, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings."

She spoke into my chest. "You didn't, you scared me a little, and I thought I had made a fool of myself. I should have realized that I was taking you by surprise. Can we start over?"

I smiled, "No, I think we're in a perfect place, we're starting to understand each other."

She sat up a little and kissed me on the cheek. "OK."

I reached over and pulled my water to me and pulled the Burrata in front of us. "I'm gonna stay over here, OK?" I said. "I like having you this close."

She snuggled into me and said, "I like being here."

We sat and quietly ate some of the Burrata and Mario came back. "Are we ready yet?"

I looked at Elle, "Do you trust me?"

She narrowed her eyes, "I'm not sure, but go ahead."

I smiled at her and then turned to Mario, "We'll have the prosciutto and arugula pizza, please. What wine would you suggest?"

He picked up the wine list and showed me the 2011 Cantine Barbera. "This would be perfect with your pizza, sir." It was a little over thirty dollars, but it seemed like it would be worth it. I agreed.

"Arugula?" Elle said, poking me in the ribs.

"I know, I know," I said, "but it's really good."

She just grinned at me. "I said I'd trust you and I am. But...arugula?"

Mario saved me by bringing back the wine. He opened it and poured it, allowing me to taste it. It was very good and I nodded. He then poured Elle hers. She tasted it and smiled. "Your pizza will be ready in a few minutes; could I get you anything else?"

We declined and I turned to look at Elle. She looked back and with a small smile, entwined her fingers in mine and gently kissed me on the lips.

"I'm having fun, Aidan. This is a very nice place to have dinner." She said softly.

"So am I." I answered and we sat just quietly enjoying each other's company, waiting for the pizza.

Mario was back in a few minutes with my favorite pizza. He presented it and again asked if we needed anything else. We were fine and once again he quietly disappeared.

Elle looked skeptical of the pizza and didn't reach for any. I took a slice and put it on her plate. I picked it up and held it near her mouth. "Come on, Elle, you said you trusted me. If you don't like it, we'll order something else, but I think you'll love it."

She eyed it without much enthusiasm, but she gamely took a small bite. The look on her face started as hesitant, changed to curious, and finally changed to surprise and delight. She reached up and took the slice from me and took another, bigger bite.

"Aidan!" She exclaimed, "You were right! This is awesome! I like the peppery flavor of the arugula and the buttery, smooth flavor and texture of the prosciutto is perfect. I'm glad I trusted you."

I just raised my eyebrow and looked at her.

"OK, OK," she grinned, "mostly trusted you."

"Yeah!" I said.

We finished the pizza and the bottle of wine. We sat and talked for a little while. Mario came back several times and Elle got a diet Coke and I got coffee. Elle gently held my hand as we talked. We had been there for several hours when I asked Elle what she wanted to do.

"I hope you're not disappointed, but I think I'd like to go home." She said, looking into my eyes. "I've had a very good time, but I think we need some time to breathe before we go any further."

I smiled, "You're right, I am disappointed, but not because of the reason you're thinking. I'm disappointed because I'm having a good time, too and I'd just like to spend more time with you. I thought we might walk around Latimer Square for a few minutes before I take you home. Would that be OK?"

Elle smiled, leaned in and kissed me on the cheek and said, "That would be lovely."

I paid Mario, including a huge tip for occupying his table for so long. As we left the restaurant, Elle took my hand and we slowly strolled around the neighborhood. We talked about the old buildings and how the neighborhood had come back to life. As we walked I noticed Elle starting to shiver from the cool evening air and I gave her my jacket, before heading back to my car. We drove back to Elle's apartment. I walked her to her door and she returned my jacket. We shared a very sweet kiss goodnight and I waited until I heard the deadbolt slide home.

********************

We started dating from there. At first, we went out a couple of times a week, but as we got to know each other, we realized that neither of us were nightlife people. We discovered a mutual love of film noir movies from the thirties and forties. I found a collection of Humphrey Bogart films, the Boston Blackie series and a collection of The Thin Man series on DVD. We spent many evenings snuggled up in front of my plasma with popcorn watching old black and white movies. Most nights we ended up lying on my couch kissing and cuddling. Those nights never went any further, though several times it got quite passionate. On those nights, Elle pushed off the couch and asked to be taken home. Every time that happened, she would apologize at her door and I would assure her that I was fine; she had nothing for which she needed to apologize. This went on for months; we seemed to be in an easy holding pattern. I never pushed her, letting her set our pace.

It got particularly hot on our last date and Elle pushed me away as usual. "I'm sorry Aidan, I've got to go."

"OK, Baby," I said, "let me get our coats."

We drove to her place mostly in silence. Elle held my hand the whole way. As usual, I walked her to her door. She kissed me goodnight and apologized, once again before turning toward the door.

"Elle, please stop apologizing. I love you and I am willing to do whatever you want. I am happy just being with you." I didn't think about saying it, I'm not sure I realized at the moment what I had said. It was the first time I had told her that I loved her. It was true, it just came out. It just felt right being with her and I was happier than I had been in a long time.

She stopped and stared at me. "What did you say?"

"I am happy just being with you?" I said with a smile.

She scowled at me. "Before that!"

I thought a second and then smiled. "I love you?"

She got tears in her eyes and then lowered her head. "You mean that, don't you?"

I lifted her chin, looking her in the eyes. "I never say that lightly. Though it just came out, I mean it. I have only said those three words, in that order, to three women before tonight."

She looked stricken. "Three?"

"Yep, my mom, my sister and my ex-wife." I said with a grin.

She slugged me; it hurt, though I deserved it. "Jackass."

My only response was, "Fair enough."

Suddenly, she threw her arms around my neck. "Oh, God Aidan, I love you, too. I've been afraid to say it because I didn't want to be first and scare you off. What now?"

I kissed her gently. "We are gonna continue just like we have been. Whatever, however and whenever you want. You're in charge. I love you and I want you to be happy."

She smiled, "A sweetheart as usual. I'll talk to you tomorrow, OK?"

I drew her into my arms, "OK, I love you." I kissed her and let her go in. As usual, I waited until I heard the deadbolt before I walked back to my car.

********************

For the next two weeks our schedules never allowed us to see each other. I spent most of the two weeks out of town and she worked late on the weekends. I told her to call me when she got off work and we talked every night after two o'clock. I missed her terribly and talking to her helped a little.

Finally, I was able to arrange my schedule so that I would be in town when she was off. I called her in the morning and went to pick her up. I figured that it was time that she met Mom and asked Elle if she would like to meet her. Elle enthusiastically agreed. I called Mom from Elle's to ask her if she wanted to go to lunch. I put the phone on speaker so that Elle could hear.

"Hi Mom," I said, "how about I pick you up and we go to lunch?"

"Aidan," she said, "what's going on?"

"What do you mean, Mom?" I grinned, looking at Elle.

"You never ask me to lunch." She said sternly. "So, I'm asking you again, what's going on?"

"I have someone that I want you to meet, OK?" I said.

"Why didn't you say so in the first place?" She asked with more than a little irritation in her voice.

Elle was wide-eyed. I reached over and took her hand. I mouthed, 'It's OK.'

"Because I wanted to surprise you," I said calmly.

"Well, Aidan," she said, "how's that workin' out for you?"

"Not very well, quite frankly," I answered.

"What time?" She asked.

"We'll be there about eleven thirty." I said.

"We're doing this without your father?" The irritation was back.

I sighed, "He's already met her."

"Is this Elle, the bartender he's been raving about?" She said.

I smiled at Elle and she blushed. "It's Elle, but I cannot speak to whether or not he's been raving about her." I picked up her hand and kissed her fingers, trying to reassure her.

"Aidan," she said with a warning tone in her voice, "I have heard your father asking about her, so you should have surmised that he was talking about her at home."

"Jeez, Mom," I said, "I'm just teasing you."

"Fine," she said, "just knock it off."

"Yes Ma'am." I said.

"Now please give me some straight answers." She said firmly.

"OK." I said.

"Is this the Elle that your father has been raving about?" She asked.

"Yes." I said simply.

"How long have you two been together?" She asked.

I decided to put a stop to the inquisition by phone. "Mom, if you are going to lunch with us, could we answer your questions face-to-face?"

She paused, waiting several long moments, "OK, that makes sense."

"We'll pick you up in about an hour," I said, "think about where you want to go."

"OK, sweetheart," Mom said, much more calmly, "I'll see you and your lady in a little while, bye."

"Bye, Mom" I said and turned to Elle.

She smacked me on the arm. "Are you out of you mind?!?!?"

"What?" I said, grinning.

"You intentionally antagonized your mother an hour before I'm going to meet her." She said, clearly exasperated with me.

"Yes, I did," I answered. "Now, her irritation will be with me and she will see you as an ally. She will look for you to join with her against 'Asinine Aidan'."

She stepped back and just blinked.

"You had a plan?" She asked, aghast.

"Yes I did." I smiled. "This way she'll feel an immediate bond with you and things will go much more smoothly, you'll see."

"O-O-O-Kaaayyy," she said skeptically. "I need to change."

I looked at her; she had on a pair of ripped jeans and an overlarge, men's denim shirt, hanging off one shoulder. She looked sexy as hell.

I told her that, "You look very sexy, Elle."

"Maybe a little sexy the first time I meet your mother would be OK, but this is over the top." She smirked, "I don't know what she thinks of women bartenders, but I don't want her getting any type of wrong ideas. I'll be right back."

I sat down on flipped the TV on to ESPN. It had only been a few minutes when she came back out.

"Is this OK?" She asked hesitantly.

I turned and looked at her. She had on a white cotton, peasant skirt with the hem halfway between her knees and ankles, trimmed in pale red and yellow flowers. She had topped the skirt with a red peasant blouse with a square neck and three quarter, billowy sleeves. She was wearing wedge sandals that were red leather trimmed in tiny yellow flowers.

"I know I've said this before," I said with a grin, "and don't take this the wrong way, but you're a girl!"

She looked relieved, "So I look OK?"

I got up and gathered her in my arms. "Baby, Mom would love you in a potato sack, but she'll be happy that you know how to be feminine. You look amazing." I kissed her briefly and started to pull away, but she didn't let me. She held the kiss for a few moments and then slowly withdrew.

She put her forehead against mine and smiled. "Please don't leave me alone with her. I don't want the third degree, not yet. I love you and I do want to meet your Mom and make you proud, but I don't do well with interrogations."

I kissed the tip of her nose and she giggled. "My mom is not a Monster-in-Law, you'll be fine, but I won't abandon you."

"OK," she said, "I'm ready, let's go."

We got in the Lincoln and headed towards my parents' house. "I'll bet she wants to go to Fat Boy's." I said. "She loves the Chicago burger. It's funny as hell watching her eat it. She'll cut it in half and try not to get all the chili and cheese all over her. She always fails and is always embarrassed about it. But, it never stops her."

Elle had grabbed my hand as soon as we got in the car. She squeezed it and said, "Maybe her preoccupation with the hamburger will even the playing field."

I looked over at Elle, "Are you OK? Do you not want to do this?"

"No, I do," she said, "but I'm nervous. I don't want to screw this up."

At the next light I picked up her hand and kissed her fingers. "There's no way you can screw this up. If I love you, Mom's gonna love you, too. Trust me, OK?" She just nodded and stayed quiet the rest of the way.

I pulled into the driveway and was surprised to see Dad's car there. Mom was at the front door. She came out to look at the car. "You got a new car, too?" She asked.
