 The carpeting was like that out of a trippy movie that someone dosed on too much LSD and had their way with crayons. Polka dots and paisley adorned the length of the hallway, leading up the numbers of the 18th floor. Her eyes glanced at each number beside the doors as she walked, searching; 1816, 1822, 1823...the numbers were leading to the end, and soon she found herself standing before a lone door, tucked all the way at the end of the hall, where even a small shadow was casted from the overhead lights that just didn't quite reach the room. Staring at the number, 1825, she cleared her throat, shifted the short length of her skirt down and lifted a fist to rap quietly at the door. It felt large to her somehow, ominous in a sense, and before her hand made contact, the lock disengaged and a click was heard as the handle turned. She paused, waiting, lowering her hand as the door cracked, then finally opened. What greeted her was a man of 6'1 standing in olive green shorts, a t-shirt, and the most welcoming, mischevious smile.

"How was your flight?" her voice managed weakly, her eyes casting immediately downwards once she caught the glimmer of amusement in his. She walked in through the hotel door, searching the room with curiosity and nervousness as she found a corner to which she placed her purse. His voice was right behind her as he answered, and she startled some, turning ever slightly to look at him. "You know how it goes," he replied, and as he spoke, the pounding of her heart nearly drowned the sound of his voice as the blood rushed in her ears, her face, causing her cheeks to furiously blush. Instantly, she felt herself grow anxious, greedy, craving...

He wasn't one for words today, and decided he would find better uses of his mouth. Immediately following his statement, his lips found her throat, his hands found her waist and turned her against him and he pressed up hard against her back. She rolled her head back, eyes closed as she felt the sensation on her skin. Her knees trembled, her body weakened as his teeth grazed her shoulder and her world darkened around them. Strong hands caressed, pinched, kneaded as they moved their way to her nubile breasts, heaving them upwards in his palms before releasing and pushing her towards the bed. She let out a surprised squeal, although she wasn't surprised at all.

Sometimes seconds can feel like minutes, and minutes can feel like hours. This moment was one of those moments where the body tricks the mind and is completely in tune with all of its surroundings. She could hear his breath as his fingers moved from her own body to his belt, yet his legs kept her braced against the bed. She could feel the fabric of the down covers crinkling beneath her touch as her hands gripped the blankets, and she could smell the bland detergent the hotel used on their linens. And only moments later, she could feel as the material of her dress was lifted, exposing the rounds of her buttocks and the scant lacings of her useless panties, the strip merely tugged aside as his fingers teased along the length of her swollen slit. She was aroused, and there was absolutely no way to hide her excitement.

"Mmm. Someone is excited," he murmured as he hovered over her, his right hand coming to gently swat at her cheek. She groaned, eyes rolling back as she listened to his breath and the shift of his weight as one hand pressed against her hip, the other guiding his cockhead between her wanton pussy.

"It's a lie!" she defiantly cried out, only to be taken by surprised as his cock plunged into the depths of her cunt, settling there for a moment as he seemed to enjoy the sensation. His other hand came to rest upon her hips and he pulled them back, feeling as she began to grind her own sex onto his manhood. Little moans escaped into the blankets as she buried her face into the bed. Slowly his cock pulled out, pausing before the head withdrew completely. It seemed as if a year went by before he thrusted back into her, her back arcing downward as her arms brought her shoulders up, head thrown back in a cry of ecstasy. He felt amazing to her, how thick his member pried her open. She enjoyed his cock immensely, and if she hadn't, she wouldn't be where she was today.

"Fuuucck," she hissed, pushing back against his hips as his met her ass in a loud smack. Their tempo increased, and with each hungry jolt of her body, she found herself quickly growing to orgasm. "Very good," he grinned behind her, his voice heavy with lust and amusement. "That's precisely..." his hips slammed into her, "...what..." and this time harder, his balls slapping against her swollen clitoris, "we are doing!" and again, with vigor as his body met hard with hers, the rounds of her ass jiggling with each carnal thrust.

She could only imagine his perspective to what he was witnessing, envisioning his cock moving in and out of her soaking wet cunt, coated in her thick juices. She imagined her own back, hips, and how delicious they must look being held by his hands and guided back into him with each pleasurable movement. It was then that she felt it coming, releasing as her body began to tremble and her orgasm took hold of her. "Oh, my, god!" she called out, her voice husky as her throat tightened and body wracked. Knuckles whitened as they grabbed tightly at the sheets, pulling desperately as if she were trying to escape.

He must have sensed that too, as his hands fell from her hips and his arms wrapped about her midsection, holding against her tight. She lifted up, back, arching herself into him as she rode backwards on his dick, feeling it keeping her full as he pumped himself in and out of her, using her as she used him. This is what they were good for; two friends able to take advantage of a situation without feelings of remorse or regret; two friends who thoroughly enjoyed one another's bodies and techniques.

She reached back with her hands and dragged her nails across his thighs, feeling the muscles beneath taut and working as he moved his body against hers. They were still both standing, yet one of her legs lifted onto the bed to change the angle, and he grasped her more tightly as she fell forward into the mattress and bucked her hips hungrily, harder into him as he urged another climax from her core. Burying her face into blankets, she cried out again, eyes tightly clenched shut as he held himself against her, his own face finding her side as he grunted into her skin. Rolling her head back, she squealed, shifting, thrusting, fucking as hard as she could back onto his cock as she came, holding now her hands against his arms, her entire frame tense with desire, with passion, with release, and most obvious of all: with hunger. Pure, animalistic hunger.

And it was then that she felt his cock jerk within her tight, slick little cunt, and his body jolt in time with his thrusts. His breath caught in his chest, and she found herself coming around his cock, with him as he pushed her down onto the bed and climbed near atop her, dumping the thick, sticky jizz into her pulsating pussy. Her body reacted to his, her core clenching with each releasing jerk of his dick as he trembled atop her, his breaths coming ragged and hoarse until finally his body stilled, as well as hers.

With a wild grin, she let out a small chuckle and pushed up onto her elbows, relishing in the sensation of him on her, atop her, within her, spent and sated. He drew himself up and teased her shoulders with the prickles of his beard and the moisture of his breath, taunting her body with overwhelming sensation. She laughed, body dipping back down into the bed as she tried to escape him, but he had her pinned and she found herself coming again. Thankfully this one was much less violent and much more sweet than the last.

Finally, she managed after a moment's catch of breath, "Welcome to the Marriott, I hope you enjoy your stay."