 The next morning when Virginia woke up, she went into the bathroom, peed and then took a long hot shower attempting to wash of the "slut" she felt she had become. Being fucked by Jack was bad enough but to be fucked by Jack and Cordoba. Two men at once. It made her feel like a whore. Because she liked it, she now felt even more used. "God Randy" she muttered to herself, "Just pay them, please." Tears began to fall down her face mixing with the water from the shower.

Leaving the shower she toweled off put on a pair of panties and a bath robe. She was now allowed to go pretty much anywhere in the mansion. She walked into the kitchen. No one was around, but she already learned that all the exits to the house were locked and all the windows barred. She was a prisoner inside a large, comfortable jail. She fixed her a breakfast of fruit and cold cereal and sat down at the table . While she was eating Maria walked in, wearing nothing more than shear nightie. She wasn't wearing any panties. She sat down across from Virginia.

"No call from that husband of yours yet. I guess that means more interest is due."

Virginia could feel the color leave her face.

"That interest only grows larger baby. And now that Cordoba has taken charge, expect the paybacks to be bigger." Maria's eyes fixed upon Virginia's tits as if she could see straight through the robe. "I heard about yesterday. They both fucked you. That had to feel good; so hot." She wiggled a bit in her chair. "I made Jack tell me all about it while he fucked me last night".

"He told you?"

"Oh yea! While he was fucking me with his giant prick he explained how you sucked him off, swallowing his cum. Shit, I spewed pussy juice all over his fucking rod when he told me that. Then I pulled it out of him, and gave him the same dose of medicine. I tried to suck those giant balls of his through his shaft right into my mouth. Baby, I drained him dry." Maria was smiling now, her mind raptured up with the memories of the night before. I made him cum three times baby. The first time was in my mouth. The second time was all over my tits. And of course the third time was in my pussy."

Maria got up from the table and walked over and stood next to Virginia. "In fact, I still have his cum inside me. It's running down my thighs even as I speak. Give me your hand"

Virginia attempted to pull her hand away but before she could Maria grabbed it and shoved it between her legs so that it rubbed up against her cunt lips. They were wet. The moisture was thick like male sperm. She didn't like the way this made her feel. She should have been disgusted and yet there was something erotic about it.

"Can you feel that baby? That's Jack's seed. The same seed he fucked into you. The same seed you swallowed. There's even more of it inside my cunt. Push your finger up inside me so you can feel it." Maria's eyes were half opened, half closed. She squatted down just a bit so that Virginia's fingers could easily penetrate her vagina.

What was she doing? She had never done anything like this before to another woman. It was so wrong, and yet Virginia found two of her fingers now deep inside Maria's pussy. She heard a moan coming from the woman standing next to her. The legs were buckling to the action that was taking place.

"Mmmmm, that's it baby. It's payback time for me now you little bitch." Maria was lifting and lowering her legs in rhythm to Virginia's fingers, so that they would rub up against her clit. Her pussy was responding to the finger fucking that was now taking place. It was getting wetter and wetter, diluting the left over sperm from her fucking Jack just a few hours earlier.

Virginia was getting more excited with what was happening. Her fingers were moving faster and faster. It wasn't like she had never finger fucked a cunt before. She had masturbated many times. She could tell when a pussy was getting near to orgasm. Maria wasn't far away. Her vagina was doing all it could to suck her fingers in. Virginia could see her nipples had become hard and erect. They were pressing up against the shear fabric of the flimsy nightgown. Any moment now and pussy cum would be released. Virginia could feel her cunt becoming agitated and on fire with passion.

"NO! NO WAY!" Maria cried out as she pushed Virginia back into her chair, the saturated fingers falling out of her cunt. She turned around and with one hand swept everything off the kitchen table. Dishes, food, silverware flew everywhere clearing off the top. "You can forget this finger fucking shit". She pulled her nightgown over her head leaving her totally naked. Her tits were big and firm, pointing slightly up into the air. Her nipples were large and hard. The areolas surrounding them were dark brown and dimpled with lust. "You're going to make me cum the right way baby!"

Maria with her back to the table and facing Virginia jumped up and sat on the barren top so that her legs were hanging over and her pussy was just off the edge. She had a beautiful bush. Dark curly pubic hair neatly trimmed but plenty left for the eye to see. She took one of her hands and starting squeezing one of her nipples, while at the same time opening up her legs wide so that Virginia could see her dripping wet pussy. Wet from her own juices and from Jack's sperm.

She was breathing very hard now, and sweat was running down between her breasts. "Get on your knees baby." Virginia's eyes had been glued to the saturated cunt in front of her. It was as if she never heard the words. "I said get on your knees you fucking cunt!"

"Please.....no....please. I've never in my life.....ever."

"Shut the fuck up and get on your knees. I need to fucking cum and you're going to make sure I do."

Virginia fell from the chair and dropped to her knees. "Wh...What do you expect me to do?" Her voice was timid and showed signed of fear.

"I don't expect you to do anything." Maria retorted back. "What you are going to do is stick your pretty little face between my legs, and you're going to take that virgin tongue of yours and fuck my cunt with it. Baby, you're going to have your first experience eating pussy."

"I can't" Virginia cried, "Please, please don't make me...." But before she could finish the statement Maria took both of her hands, grabbed the back of Virginia's head and shoved her face right up against her pussy.

"Shut the FUCK UP!!!" Maria ordered. "Use your mouth for something other than begging and pleading. Fuckin' EAT MY CUNT!!!"

The smell was pungent. The vaginal lips were slippery. The sperm was definitely Jacks. Virginia remembered the taste. Her tongue was out of her mouth and was slowly licking.

"You've got to be kidding me!" "Fuck me with that tongue. You're not licking an ice cream cone. You're tongue fucking a pussy!!!" "Tongue fuck me you CUNT!" "Work it in and out deeply being sure to suck on my clit so I'll have a HUGE orgasm"

Virginia began to force her tongue into Maria's pussy. She located her clitoris. It was hard and erect. "Oh shit baby....lick it...lick my bud...Ooooooohhhhh....Aaaaahhhhh...FUCK!" "Grab my ass....GRAB MY ASS YOU CUNT LICKER!!!" "Ram my slit over your tongue!"

Reaching up under Maria's thrusting hips; Virginia grabbed the drenched ass cheeks and pushed the pussy hard against her probing tongue. This only made the friction on the clit that much more intense. An orgasm was only moments away. Virginia had a strong desire to masturbate her own pussy. All of this, even though repulsive, was extremely exciting, but, she felt so ashamed for wanting to have an orgasm of her own.

The dishes falling to the floor woke Jack up. He was still naked in bed recovering from the fantastic fuck he had given to Maria earlier. "What the fuck was that?" He wondered. Rising out of bed he looked down at his crusted cock. It was rock hard; a morning pee hard. He walked out of the bedroom down to the kitchen where he heard the noise. As he came to the entranceway he heard Maria moaning. "Mmmmm, that's it you fucking beautiful bitch....I'm almost ready to squirt all over your face"

"SHIT!" he cried. Maria was slightly startled and turned her head. Virginia looked up from between a pair of thighs to show a set of lips that were glistening in cunt juice. "You've got her eating your pussy? Damn, that is so HOT!!!"

"Who told you to FUCKIN' STOP!" Maria took her hand and forced Virginia's face back down unto her cunt. "Come on over here baby, and I'll give you more of what I gave you last night."

"Love to baby, but I gotta pee...fuckin' bad. I'll be back though. Wait for me"

"NO Wait!" Maria said, "Don't go to the bathroom.

"Baby, I gotta piss!"

"I know, but watching you pee would be so hot....especially if you peed on her ass." Maria closed her eyes and moaned. "Mmmmm, so fucking hot. I would cum so strong. Do it for me baby....please."

Upon hearing that Virginia attempted to say something in protest, but Maria's legs tightened around her head preventing her from moving. "Nothing like a little humiliation is there my little tongue whore."

Maria's suggestion was so burning hot to Jack. "Shit...let's do it!" he said excitedly. His cock was twitching with anticipation. He walked over and pushed the chair back that Virginia had been sitting on to give him room. He grabbed her robe and hiked it up above her waist. "You won't be needing these" He reached for and tore off her panties in one clean motion.

"Fuckin' A Maria. Her pussy is partially dilated and she's got cream seeping out. She's aroused. You've made her horny baby"

Maria opened up her legs so she could pull Maria's face up. "Is that true kiddo? Does eating my cunt make you hot.....DOES IT!"

As ashamed as she was, all Virginia could do was nod her head in agreement. "I see. So does this mean you like eating me?" Again, with hesitation, Virginia nodded yes. "Well shit then, go on, keep eating away!" Maria slammed her lips back down upon her hungry pussy.

Jack positioned himself so that his cock was directly over Virginia's ass crack. Grabbing hold of his shaft, he concentrated on forcing his piss through the hard rod. "Fuck I've got to pee!" He strained. "Ohhh yea, here it comes"

The yellow fluid of his urine streamed out in an arc from his prick right on to Virginia's ass. She could feel the warm liquid running down her crack and onto her pussy then onto the floor. She felt so violated...so filthy, and yet so on fire with desire. He had moved his cock to a point that he was peeing on her clit. This only stimulated her more.

"Oh Shit Jack, that is so fucking hot. I'm going to explode all over her face in just a moment." Maria's eyes were glued to his pissing cock. "Baby, you know what would do it for me? What would really make me squirt."

"What's that Maria?"

The very thought of what she was about to say pushed her on the edge of orgasm. If he would to her bidding, she'd cream. "Drain your bladder...in her pussy."

Jack stopped the flow of his pee. "You want me to piss in her cunt?" He grabbed Virginia's hips and bent his knees. "That's fucking too hot to pass up; and when I'm done pissin' in her, I'll fucking dump a load of semen inside her as well." He took her hips and pushed forward quickly ramming the entire length of his cock up into here hole.

Virginia moaned a muffled moan and attempted to pull away from the invading cock, but it was no use. Jack's prick was clear up against her womb. And then she heard him.

"Ahhhhh yessss." Jack relaxed the muscles of his cock allowing his bladder to finish draining itself into Virginia's cunt. She could feel the hot liquid splashing up against her womb. How she hated the erotic feeling she felt between her legs. She found herself moving her hips back and forth. "Fuck Maria, she humping my rod. She's getting off on this"

Maria heard him, but was lost in an intense orgasm. As soon as he split Virginia's pussy with his urinating rod, her pussy shot off like a canon; her juices gushing into Virginia's tongue fucking mouth and all over her face. "Ohhh FUCK!!! FUCK!!! FUCK!!!. " "Ohhhhhh; Ohhhh." "Jack I'm fucking cuming!!!!!" With her hands on Virginia's head, she was moving it up and down quickly forcing her tongue to create friction on her clit. Maria lifted her legs up high and spread them wide so that her cunt was openly accessible. "EAT IT! FUCKING EAT ME! SUCK ME! AHHHHHHH SHIIIITTTTTT!"

Maria's cunt was wide open in orgasm, releasing its juices into Virginia's sucking mouth. At her other end Jack's cock was squeezing out the last dregs of his piss. Between the two of them and what they were doing to her, the unthinkable happened. Virginia's pussy began to contract and expand. She tried so hard to stop herself, but it was too late. She was caught up in the thralls of an intense orgasm her pussy making it apparent to all in the room by the loud cuming noises that it was making. But to make matters even worse she began to do something that within her made her feel truly filthy. She began to return the favor to Jack. She starting pissing, squirting all over his balls.

"I don't fuckin' believe it Maria. The bitch is fucking cuming all over my cock and...she's peeing on my balls."

"AHHHHH!!!! OHHHH FUCKIN SHIT!!!" It was more than Maria could take. She had NEVER orgasmed like this before. She pushed Virginia's mouth away from cunt. She needed relief. Her head was rolling side to side while her pussy, now free, thrust itself up into the air by powerful hip muscles, spraying its cream everywhere. She swept her leg over Virginia's head so that she could get off the table. She thought that with the loss of stimulation her pussy would settle down. She took a few steps, but found herself leaning up against the kitchen wall, her cunt still clamping down, still squirting cum. "Ohhhhhh.....Fuck.....me!!!" She collapsed sliding down the wall into a sitting position, giving in to the last climatic spasms of her vagina. She had passed out with streams of cunt juice pumping out from her cunt lips.

With her face now free, and her hands available, Virginia was lost in her own orgasm. She grabbed the ends of the table and began forcibly slamming her cunt onto Jack's thick cock pounding up against is huge balls. "Ugh Ugh Ugh"

"You fucking little bitch. You've pissed all over my balls."

"Fucking forget the outside of your balls...IT'S WHAT'S INSIDE THEM THAT I WANT!!!" This once prudish housewife, with chastity only toward her husband was insane with lust. Her pussy was cuming in buckets and was hungry for sperm. Her bladder now empty stopped the flow of urine. Virginia was working Jack's prick now, moving her ass around while he was deep inside her causing major friction on his sensitive tip. 

"You MOTHER FUCKER.....YOU FUCKIN' MOTHER FUCKER." "You know how to fuck this cunt. You've done it before. SHIT, you can feel me milking your prick, so FUCKING OBLIGE ME AND EJACULATE!!!!" "UGHHHHHH"

Virginia's whole body was quaking. Her ass was vibrating with every thrust, her legs were flexing with every push, and her beautiful tits with their hard nipples were swaying madly with the force of her fucking. The kitchen table, as heavy as it was, was moving every so lightly each time Jack drove into her. She knew what would set him off. She remembered from last time. She reached under her stomach with one hand and grasped his balls firmly, moving them, begging them to let go.

Jack was pile driving Virginia's cunt. He was close to spewing semen....very close. His cock was swelling inside of her, growing larger, preparing itself for the inevitable. His balls were enlarging themselves with his seed. It thrilled him to think that this little homemaker was turning into a lustful whore. She wasn't even aware of it. She thought of herself as being abused, yet each time she was fucked she begged for it just like she was begging now. Suddenly he felt her hand grab his balls. They began lurching in her grasp. There was no turning back. He had gone over the edge. He started his ejaculation.

"You fucking want my semen?"

"FUCK IT IN ME JACK!!! FUCK ME FULL OF YOUR BABY MAKING SPERM"

Now that was erotic. He shoved her ass up tightly against his firing cock. He was right up against her womb; shooting sperm filling her cunt, womb, and fallopian tubes. His ass jerked with ejaculation. Long forceful streams shot from his balls out his swollen tip.

"Oh FUCK BABY!!! DON"T FUCKIN' MOVE"...."OHHHHHH, UGH UGH UGH!!!" "Just let me fill you up with this white creamy sperm of mine."

Virginia opened her legs as wide as she could giving Jack a few extra inches to push into her. With every grunt she knew he was releasing seed inside her vagina. Her climaxing cunt was opening and then clamping down attempting to milk every drop of semen from him while coating his cock with her cum making it easy for him to ejaculate. 

At last Jack's penis began to relax, his balls now drained. He pushed away from Virginia, his dripping cock now slowly deflating.

"OH FUCK NO! YOU CAN'T BE DONE." Virginia collapsed to her knees, legs still spread wide. Flowing from her now unplugged cunt was a mixture of piss and sperm. Jack watched her from behind as her body jerked a few more times in the last throngs of her orgasm. She turned herself around and sat on the floor. Her eyes looked directly at Jack's shriveling cock and watched the last of his sperm dribble out from its head onto the floor. She then looked over at Maria who was just now coming around from her orgasm. Her legs were wide apart. There was a pool of pussy cum on the floor, and more yet draining from her slit. As she came back to reality and focus, her mind let her know what she had done. She could feel the tears begin to well up in her eyes. She put her hands to her face. There she was, covered in urine, pussy cream and semen; her robe wide open exposing her erect nipples.

Jack looked at her and said, "Oh come on Virginia. It's time you accept the fact. You've become one fantastic whore. The best slut that I have ever fucked." He stood up from the floor and walked over to Maria. Helping her up he turned back to Virginia. Clean this mess up and then go and clean yourself up. I would imagine Cordoba will want to see you soon. He won't want to see you like this." Jack and Maria walked out of the kitchen leaving Virginia in the evidence of what she had become that morning....a fucking whore.