 Pitching the tent was hard work, especially in the heat. It was like trying to build a pyramid in the desert. 

Danny and Mark were busy pegging down the ground sheet while Abbie and Rebecca were unloading the car. Who knew there was so much stuff you needed for a weekend of camping.

Three days of drinking, laughing and relaxing was just what they needed. Although after all that hard work they could only think of one thing they needed, a fan.

As the sun began to set, in the late hours of the evening, the heat still didn't subside. Sweat was still pooling on Marks top lip and Abbie had stripped off to her shorts and bikini top.

Unbelievably, it was cooler in the eight-man tent than it was outside. Spread out in the tent, chatting and drinking, the four of them couldn't have been happier.

"Shh, listen," said Mark, all of a sudden.

They all fell silent as they listened for what he had heard.

"Sounds like it's raining," he said.

"It can't be," replied Abbie. "It's boiling out there."

"I'm going to check and do the car windows up, just in case," said Mark.

As Mark walked out of the tent, Danny, Abbie and Rebecca started up the conversation again. It was weird to think that this was their last ever school summer holiday. They were now off to university to pursue their individual careers.

It had been 10 minutes before Rebecca noticed that Mark hadn't come back. She poked her head out of the tent and shouted him. It was a few seconds before the reply came.

"I'll be back in a minute," said Mark.

As he approached the tent, it was obvious that whatever he had been doing had brought on more of a sweat than the heat. His forehead was dripping with beads of sweat and his cheeks were rosy.

"What were you doing?" Asked Abbie.

"From the look on his face I would say he was beating the bishop out there," joked Danny.

Mark's face turned redder and he turned away. Abbie and Rebecca giggled and Danny burst out laughing.

"I was texting and I needed a piss so I ran into the woods actually," lied Mark.

Drinking and reminiscing about their days at college, the early hours of the morning crept up without anyone noticing. Before they knew it, it was 3am.

"Time I hit the sack I think," yawned Abbie. 

"I will come with you," said Danny. "You don't mind if we share one bedroom do you? Only I can't sleep right next to Mark with his snoring."

"Sure," Abbie replied. "As long as you stay over your side."

"I'm going out for a cigarette," said Mark. "Are you coming?" He asked Rebecca.

"I don't see why not." She replied.

Sat outside with only the moon for a light Mark and Rebecca smoked in silence. It was a beautiful night and the heat had finally subsided. In fact it was a bit chilly now. Too chilly for the tiny night-dress Rebecca was wearing. A cold breeze sent a shiver down her spine.

"Do you want a jacket?" Asked Mark.

"No I'm fine. It's not that cold," said Rebecca.

Mark knew she was lying. He could tell from her nipples showing through her night-dress. They were fully erect and hard to miss. He felt a stirring in his trousers.

"I know what you were doing outside," said Rebecca, breaking the silence.

"Do you?" Said Mark. His tone of voice showing he was shocked. 

"I saw you zipping up your jeans as you were leaning over the bonnet of the car, and I noticed the magazines tucked under the drivers seat on the way here," said Rebecca.

She had a smile on her face, putting Mark more at ease.

Mark decided to try his luck. "Well a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do," he said. "I can't last 3 days without that kind of attention."

"You only had to ask," whispered Rebecca.

Mark was taken back by her response. She seemed such a sweet and innocent girl, yet by the way she was dressed and the way she was talking he was starting to have second thoughts.

He leaned in and cupped her face in his hand. Rebecca had her eyes closed, ready to receive his kiss, before he even had a chance to move in. He slowly moved towards her and his lips made contact with hers. 

They were cold, like ice, making his own warm lips tingle. He parted her lips with his tongue only to find her tongue ready and waiting. Exploring each others mouths, Mark brought up his other hand to bring her body closer to his. 

He could feel Rebecca's hard nipples pressing into his chest. His cock was becoming uncomfortable in shorts, like they were too tight. 

As the kiss became more intense and Rebecca pushed her tongue deeper into Mark's mouth, he brang his hand down to her breast. He realised she wasn't wearing a bra. No wonder her nipples were so noticeable.

As he cupped her breast with his hand she took a deep breath, breaking the kiss.

"Do you want me to stop?" Mark asked.

"No, I just don't want Abbie or Danny to see us," Rebecca replied.

Mark took hold of Rebecca's hand and gently led her over to the car.

"They won't be able to see us here don't worry. Now where were we?" Said Mark.

He leaned in and began to kiss her again, but she pushed him away and started to kiss her way down his chest. Slow, soft kisses. Making her way down to his throbbing crotch. 

Mark could feel himself getting hotter and more turned on. His cheeks flushed red with a moment of embarrassment as Rebecca looked up into his eyes. 

"How much do you want me to suck your cock?" She said.

Mark eyes widened at the question. "More than anything," was his response. It wasn't very often a woman offered to suck his cock so he took advantage of the offer.

His cock was stiff is his shorts now, fully erect. Almost fighting to get out into the fresh air. As Rebecca pulled his shorts down to his ankles, his cock sprung to life like it had been unleashed.

She took a deep breath, Mark's cock was bigger than she expected. Not the biggest she had ever seen but certainly ample. It's girth more than made up for what it lacked in length.

She took him in her petite hand, making his 6 inch tool look even bigger. She could barely wrap her fingers round it. Nonetheless she got to work on him, slowly caressing his dick. Rubbing her thumb over the head, covering it in the glistening pre-cum that oozed from the tiny slit.

Rebecca lowered her head, her lips made contact with the tip of Mark's cock. The quick movement make his cock flinch in her hand. She poked out her tongue and lapped up the juices she had smothered over his bell-end.

He tasted sweet, nothing like she expected. Spurred on by mark's hand on the back of her head, Rebecca took the tip of his cock in her mouth. She caressed it with her tongue. 

Mark Moaned with pleasure, a deep guttural sound. The thought of him enjoying what she was doing to him made Rebecca wet. She could feel her juices pooling in her thong.

Licking him from base to tip, Rebecca pushed her lips over the head of his cock and took his shaft in her mouth. She moved her head up and down and made the same rhythm with her hand. Mark's moans started to get louder and more frequent. Rebecca knew if she carried on he would come. She didn't want that yet, even though she loved sucking cock more than anything because it turned her on to the point of almost coming, she wanted to experience him inside her. 

Like he knew she was about to stop, Mark put both his hands on the back of Rebecca's head and pushed her face further down his shaft. It was even more of a turn on when she didn't gag as his cock hit the back of her throat.

Pulling herself up, Rebecca kissed Mark again. She was becoming more and more turned on as she realised what they were doing; stood in the woods, with Mark's shorts around his ankles and her pressed up against him. It was even hotter thinking about what they were going to do next.

Taking Mark's hand, Rebecca led him round to the boot of the car. She clicked it open, as quietly as she could and let the boot open. She sat down on the edge of the car and pulled Mark into her. She kissed him roughly. Gone was the gentle kissing and nibbling, she wanted him too much. She angrily pushed her tongue into his mouth, grabbed a handful of his hair and kissed with a passion.

Pushing her away, so she lay down in the boot of the car, Mark started to nip at her neck and her ear. His hands fondles her breasts, he could feel her nipples getting harder by the second; if that was even possible. 

His lips made their way down to her nipples, he nuzzled them through her night-dress. The warm feeling against her hard nipples made her moan out loud. 

Mark pushed up her night-dress exposing her petite breasts. He tweaked her nipples, rolling them between his fingers. Rebecca arched her back, pushing her breasts up towards Mark's face. He took the hint and took her nipple into his mouth. Biting and licking at it over and over. Rebecca gasped as he bit a little too hard, not from pain but from pleasure.

Mark planted soft kisses along her body as he moved down. He could smell her sweet scent as he stopped just shy of her pussy. He could see why; a wet patch had appeared on the crotch of her pants.

Kissing and licking at her thighs, Mark ripped her pants down round her ankles. He was getting fed up of the waiting. He wanted to taste her, feel what it was like inside her. He traced his finger over her pussy lips for no more than a few seconds before pushing a finger inside her.

He could tell she had not expected it as her pussy tightened around his finger like a vice. He had never felt a pussy so tight. 

Rebecca pushed down hard onto his hand. Her hips started to move in a circular motion. Mark added another finger and started to pump his fingers in and out of her. Her wetness evident from the glistening juices on his fingers.

He nuzzled into her mound, only spattered with a line of pubic hair. So neat and sexy. He found her clit with his tongue. Rebecca's hips bucked against his mouth and hand, as she let out a high pitched squeal. 

He flicked his tongue over her clit making her tingle all over. She could feel that familiar tensing in her pussy as he pushed his fingers insider her deeper and deeper. He ravaged her clit with his tongue, nibbling and licking with more force. 

She started to moan, louder and louder until finally her pussy clenched, she arched her back and her juices flowed from her pussy covering Mark's fingers and tongue.

"Oh god, yes! Oh Mark, fuck me!" She begged.

Kicking her pants to the side, Rebecca slid down so that her pussy was ready to receive his throbbing cock. 

Mark stepped out of his shorts and he pulled Rebecca's legs up around his waist. The tip of his hard cock brushed against her wet pussy. It made her gasp as she tried to catch her breath.

He rubbed her juices over his cock and used his hand to guide it into her waiting slit. They both moaned in unison as he entered her. His cock stretching her tight pussy. Rebecca had been right about his girth, it definitely made up for the length.

Mark started off with slow, long thrusts. He held Rebecca's legs, although she had them tightly wrapped around his waist. Her head rolled back and she closed her eyes.

"Fuck me Mark, Give me that big, hard cock. Ram it into my pussy!" Rebecca begged.

Mark was surprised by the demands but it turned him on even more. He pulled Rebecca closer to him and started to pump his cock into her cunt faster and faster. Her tits, though they were petite, were bouncing on her chest with each thrust. 

Rebecca pulled herself onto his cock harder, wrapping her legs around him even more tightly. Her ass had lifted slightly off the boot of the car as she ground her hips onto Mark's throbbing cock. 

He was thrusting so deep that his balls were slapping against Rebecca's asshole, making her moan even more. She was getting so loud, Mark was worried that Danny and Abbie would hear her.

He leaned over her and put his hand over her mouth, to stifle her moans. He could feel himself getting closer to his orgasm and he knew she must be close as she moaned his name over and over again.

He took his remaining hand off Rebecca's thigh and started rubbing his thumb over her clit. Slowly at first and then faster, in rhythm with his thrusting. He wanted to fondle her breasts a the same time but he knew if he took his hand away form his mouth she would definitely wake up Danny and Abbie.

He flicked at her clit with his fingers and pumped into her soaking pussy fast and deep, he could feel her tensing, she arched her back and screamed into his hand. Her juices covered his cock and he could feel the warm, sticky juice trickling down onto his balls.

Rebecca's body shuddered and twitched as her orgasm continued to wash over her. She was still moaning softly into his hand.

He was ready to release his load. He knew he wouldn't be able to hold on for much longer. He pulled out of Rebecca and pulled her out of the boot. 

"Turn over," he said. His voice was raspy and his breaths short and quick. 

Rebecca put her feet on the floor and Mark pushed her over so her elbows were resting in the boot, holding her up.

Just the sight of her ass in the air had him ready to come. Doggy was his favourite position. He looked down at his cock, covered in Rebecca's pussy juices and pushed it into her wet pussy. 

He groaned as he pushed into her, all the way to the base of his cock. Her pussy felt even tighter now she was bent over. 

He pulled his cock out slowly, excited when Rebecca pushed herself back onto him. He worked up his rhythm again, not as fast as last time but just as deep. 

He leaned over and grabbed a handful of her long, brown hair. He used it to pull her back onto him leaving his other hand free. He rubber his index finger over his cock as he pulled out to get it we with her juices and circled it around her asshole.

It was already wet from his balls slapping against it when her juices had ran all over him. He slowly slipped his finger into her asshole. Her sphincter muscles tightening around it. He didn't lose his rhythm as he probed her ass.

He pushed his finger in deeper, her ass finally excepting the foreign object. He pulled harder on her hair and fingered her ass in time with his cock thrusting deep inside her. 

Rebecca put her hand between her legs and started to rub her clit. She was on the edge of coming. She had never had anything in her ass but Mark knew just how to turn her on. His finger was pushing the right spot at the same time as his cock and an orgasm erupted over her body.

Mark felt her pussy and her ass tighten around his cock and finger. It pushed him over the edge. He pulled out of her pussy and his load exploded over her asshole and cheeks. 

"Oh god, Rebecca. Fuck YES!" He grunted. 

He realised he was pulling a bit hard on her hair and had got carried away as he came but Rebecca seemed to like the roughness of it.

He looked down, her ass glistening with the moonlight, covered in his spunk.

"Mark that was amazing," huffed Rebecca. "Did you have to come all over my arse though, I wanted to taste you."

She put her hand behind her and scooped up his warm come with her fingers, slowly bringing them to her mouth a smile spread across her face.

She licked her fingers clean. "Mmm, you taste so god damn good."

Rebecca lapped up as much come as she possibly could with her fingers and had to wipe off the rest with her pants. Getting dressed again the walked back off to the tent.

A smile on their faces, they knew they wouldn't forget this camping trip in a while. As they heard Danny and Abbie snoozing away in the room next to theirs they had to stifle a giggle. They would never know of the fun that this camping trip really brang...and there was 2 more days to go yet.