 I can't wait to see me friend Sophia and her husband Trystan. It has been a while since we have seen each other. I desperately needed this adults weekend away and as a plus, I get to see my old friend. I finally reach her driveway and pull in. I walk to the door and before I even knock, Sophia is opening the door. 

"Addie! How are you!?!?!" says Sophia as she hugs me and pulls my husband into the hug. 

"Better now that I can spend some time with my best friend!" I responded hugging her back. Suddenly there is another set of arms hugging me from the behind. I smile," I missed you too Trystan." There we stood, all of us looking like idiots on the front step in a big hug. I laugh, "Maybe we should go inside before people think we are swingers. Trystan and Sophia look at each other and smile. "What? What am I missing?" I ask. 

"Nothing!" Sophia replies. Come in and let's catch up and have some dinner. 

I settle in and come down to try to help with dinner. As usual Sophia will not let me help, which is best since I can't cook. Sophia looks me up and down and tells me that I look good. I roll my eyes. Yeah, right, I have gained about 20lbs since you last saw me. 

"But in all the right places." says Trystan with a wicked smile.

I look at him and laugh, "not too shabby yourself, Trystan." I respond 

I stare at Trystan a bit. I have always had a slight crush on him, but he has been totally off limits since he started dating Sophia. He is about 5'10" with brown hair. He has brown eyes that are hidden by a pair of modern black frames. He is not a big guy, but he is far from thin. He has a husky frame with a belly that is not big but noticeable. He is handsome in a geeky kind of way, like Zak Orth. Sophia is taller than her husband. She is 6' and she has short auburn hair cut in a modern style, a pixie cut but a bit longer. The haircut suits her oval face. She is tanned and has curves on her. She is not a small gal either. She has big hips, a decent sized ass and she has decent breasts. I would say about a 38D. Unlike me she has a flat stomach. Lucky. 

I am a BBW as well. I am quite proud of my curves. There might be a bit more curve than I would like but it is me and I make no apologies. I have long blonde straight hair. I have average hazel green eyes and an oval shaped face with a slight double chin and a great smile as I have been told. I have a light creamy skin that to my dismay never tans but burns and leaves red patches instead. I have wide set hips (birthing hips, as my grandmother called them) with a bit of a stomach and this of course also gives me an ample ass, or as my friends lovingly call it, my "bubble". Last but not least, the most prominent feature on my body, my breast. I have to admit I like them most of all. I wear tight tops that accentuate my 42DD's and deep cleavage.

We sit down to dinner and have a wonderful night catching up with each other. It is a nice night out and we decided to go to go for a dip in the hot tub. I go to my room and change and come back down. Sophia and Trystan are in the hot tub, with wine glasses in their hands and kissing. There was a glass set out for us as well. "Am I interrupting you two love birds?" I say. 

"Just get in the hot tub Aid." says Sophia. 

"Don't call me Aid! You know I hate that nickname." I say.

Sophia laughs, "just get in." I climb into the tub and Trystan sits next to me. I look over at Sophia who is sitting there smiling and drinking wine.

I relax and start drinking my wine as well. Suddenly I hear someone stand up. I open my eyes to see Sophia taking off her top. I wish I was as brave as her. She looks over at me and says, "take yours off too" we are all family here. 

"No way." You know I am not that brave, besides this is a one piece so I can't take off the top alone. 

"Then just undo the top roll it down. It is fun. You will feel free. Trust me." says Sophia. 

"Soph, you know Aid won't do that. Let her be." says Trystan. 

Don't call me Aid! 

"Come on Addie, it is just us. No one else is watching." says Sophia. 

"Your husband is here you want me to flash him?" I responded. 

"It's not like he hasn't seen your boobs before, says Soph laughing. Remember that night back when we first got the apartment and you got drunk and we walked in on you dancing naked..." 

"That was some night!" Trystan says laughing. 

"OK! I will take it off. But please, let's not re-live that night." I say. I undo the knot and lower the top half of the bathing suit. 

"Relax Addie, you are in a hot tub, it should be relaxing." I look over at Trystan and he is sitting in the tub with his eyes closed not even interested that I have my top off, so I relax. Finally after 20 minutes of being semi exposed, I lean back in the tub with my wine in hand completely relaxed. 

"Sophia, you are right this does feel nice. We all sat in the tub quietly taking amongst ourselves. 

Sophia climbs out of the hot tub. "We need more wine. Do you want red or more of the white?"

"White please!" I say. 

"We have a long weekend, let's just indulge tonight and we can we can sleep in tomorrow." Sophia says with a smile.

Sophia calls me over to her as she climbs back in and Trystan climbs out to get beer. I sit next to Sophia hip to hip. We talk about how our careers are going and our lives. 

"Why did you and Trystan laugh when I made the comment about being swingers? Have you ever been to a swing club?" I ask Sophia. 

"Of course! Variety is the spice of life. Live a little Addie." says Sophia. 

Then she leans in and kisses me, full on the lips kiss with tongue and passion. I am stunned at first but, I kiss her back. I hear Trystan coming back and I pull away from Sophia. I am flush from the kiss. My mind is reeling from the kiss. Is Sophie bi? How long has she been bi? 

After 20 minutes Sophia climbs out of the tub. "I'm heading in. Have fun you two" she says in a loud voice and laughs. 

I lean back and relax in the hot tub again. "You know Addie, I always thought you were hot." says Trystan as he sits next to me. 

I smile, "And you know when I was younger I had a terrible crush on you." 

Laughing, "Yes, I know. Sophie told me you had a crush on me. Did you know she had a crush on you?" 

I open my eyes wide in shock. "I had no clue, I say." 

"We have both wondered what it would be like to kiss you." Trystan pulls me to him and he kisses me with passion. I kiss him back. We continue to kiss slowly. My nipples harden against him. "We should take the rest of that suit off" Trystan says. 

"What if Sophie comes back?" We should not be doing this. 

Sophie won't mind. 

"Why? Because the two of you are swingers?" I say. 

"She finally told you huh?" asks Trystan. 

"Yes, she did." I responded. 

He pulls me in close and kisses me again, slowly standing me up. I look around and see no one, and decided to go for it. I stand and Trystan slowly trails kisses along my body as he strips the suit off of me. The rush of being caught sends a ripple of excitement through my body. I get back into the water and kiss Trystan again, this time with more passion. My hands explore his body. My fingers graze his nipples as they harden under my touch. He moves his mouth to my neck and kisses it. He brings his lips to my ear, 

"Stay right here, don't move" he says. 

"Where are you going? You want to leave now?" I ask. 

He climbs out of the hot tub looks and me a smiles, "Stay there." he says and disappears into the house. 

A few minutes later he is back with a blindfold. He places the blindfold over my eyes. My excitement grows as my sight is covered. Trystan leans in and kisses me. "Stand up, let's go inside." Trystan says. He helps me out of the tub and guides me into the house still blindfolded. He leads me up to my room and lays me down on the bed. Trystan kisses me, exploring my mouth. 

He slowly pulls away "We are going to try something new. Just relax and enjoy." says Trystan. The door opens and closes after a few minutes. 

" Trystan? Are you still here?" 

"Shhh, I am still here. Relax." says Trystan. 

I feel hands on my legs massaging my thighs and then lips kissing my thighs sending a ripple of excitement through me and making me moan. The hands gently pushing my legs open and then I feel a body lay between my legs. I feel a soft mouth kissing my inner right thigh slowly working its way up. My pussy is dripping waiting for his tongue to lap at it. I moan as his mouth gets closer. I lower my body and open my legs to move him closer to my pussy. "Taste me" I say. I hear a deep moan, deeper than usual for Trystan, and then I am lost to feel of his mouth on my pussy. Soft gentle kisses on my pussy. Then I feel him press his mouth to my wet pussy. I open my legs wider trying to open my pussy to him. I want to feel his tongue on my clit. I feel his hands open me. I moan loudly. "Please taste me" 

I finally feel that tongue lick my clit. It makes me shiver with anticipation. Then his mouth comes in and sucks on my clit. That nearly undoes me. "Ohh Yes!" I moan. His tongue is back at my clit licking. Fingers enter me and I go wild. I start to push my cunt down on the fingers riding them as his mouth alternates between licking and sucking on my clit. Fuck yes!! I moan loudly. I thrust my hips harder, wilder, wanting to get the fingers deeper in me. With an endless barrage of licks and sucking and finger fucking, I finally come undone. God YES!! , I yell as I cum. A warm mouth kisses its way up my body. "MMMMM, your mouth feels wonderful Trystan." I say. The kisses continue up my body as the blindfold comes off. I open my eyes and see Trystan standing next to the bed. I look down and see Sophia laying over me. I realize that it is not Trystan who just made me cum, but Sophia. 

"I love how you cum for me Addie" says Sophia. She leans in and kisses me with passion. 

Trystan leans into my ear and whispers, "this is just the beginning."