 My attraction to her had started as soon as we met. My wife introduced her new friend and I was startled to notice that it was not just my mouth saying ‘Hello!” There was just something about her that drew me to her. She did not have a model’s figure, but I just wanted to dive in and swim around in those gorgeous blue eyes.

We are about the same age, and are both happily married. It seemed that the attraction I felt to her was mutual, and whenever we meet we cannot help but flirting with one another. There had been a number of occasions when I realised I had been motionless, staring and lusting after her, and I was sure it hadn’t gone unnoticed by the others in the room. What could I do though? I was powerless.

My fantasies of being with Trish were regular and lingering. To make matters worse I would often have the same fantasy repeating over and over several times in a day, and simply have to go and release the tension by masturbating in some quiet spot.

About a month ago I had a very vivid fantasy of kissing her deeply and laying her back onto a sofa to lick her to orgasm. It was so clear I was rock- hard, and woke startled. I remained hard for hours that morning, despite masturbating to remove the tension. I just could not shake the feeling that it had been real. 

The trouble with the whole scenario is obvious. I am happily married. I don’t want to enter a relationship with Trish. We are friends. Uncomfortable friends, as we both sense the sexual tension and attraction between us. Nevertheless if we could get past that we would be great friends. Neither of us wants to lose our spouse and families though, and so the spiral of sexual tension and lust continues to batter our defences. Is it only a matter of time? 

Easter. Perfect weather here for going camping. We have checked all of our camping gear and the kids are buzzing with excitement. We can’t wait. The preparation and excitement have been a great way to put my lust for Trish out of my mind. Until I see her. 

I haven’t seen her for nearly 2 weeks. The fantasy has remained. Her back arched, legs draped over the front of the sofa. My face buried between her legs. The delicious aroma of her pussy exhilarating my senses. The imagined gasps as she orgasms. Now as we meet our friends before heading off it all rushes back in the blink of an eye and stops me in my tracks. 

Keep moving. Must keep moving.

With a great deal of willpower and a little help from the kids yelling and giggling I shake out of the fog of lust and we continue to pack up for our trip. I know now that this is going to be a tough few days camping. This camping trip could ruin my marriage. No, I could ruin my marriage. I can’t blame the trip. Forget it. Keep moving. Must keep moving.

I manage to keep up the façade as we head out to the agreed camping site and set up our tents. I stop myself from staring and fantasizing another few times as I help the others with their tents. We socialise and play a few games. 

Trish loves to play games. She likes to win too. I am sure that part of this is a game to her and she is baiting the hook, waiting for a bite. She just may get it!

While the four of us are sitting at the table and the kids are running around, I once again feel her leg gently push against mine. This has happened on a few occasions, but today it gets a much deeper reaction than ever. My body sighs. I am not sure if it is audible, but the feeling is like one of being home. Knowing you belong. Knowing something was meant to be. I leave my leg there touching her. God I want her now. I can’t hear what the others are saying. I can only hear the moans and whimpers as my tongue brings her to orgasm in the fantasy replaying in my mind.

The others have noticed something is wrong now. I have to do something. I excuse myself and go for a walk. I try to sneak away so they don’t see the erection pushing at my shorts. Let me outta here!

I thought I got away clean and head over to walk around the bend along the creek in front of our campsite. A few moments later though I hear the crack of footsteps startle me out of my haze. It is her! Trish has come alone. I can’t believe it. Did they send her? Does she know? 

I’m trapped. There is no way I can fight it if she says anything about these feelings. I am speechless. I am too afraid to say anything. Say the wrong thing. This could destroy our marriages, our friendship. Everything. I hate being tortured by my lust for her, but to not have her near may be worse.

I say nothing. She knows. I know it because she just walks up to me saying nothing as well. She knows. And it’s ok. She reaches out and caresses my arms. That’s all I needed. The floodgates are open.

I move in and kiss her deeply and passionately. I am no longer here. There is no ground beneath me. I only feel our tongues intertwining. Our body heat. The passion. The electricity. It is all consuming now.

We break apart long enough for me to lead her to a more secluded part of the creek, and I lay her down. It is too late now. I cannot turn back. I have no more the power to stop this than turn back time itself. 

We continue kissing and my hand is working inside her blouse. Her breasts are soft and warm. Her mouth is like honeydew, and I just can’t stop kissing her. The taste and feeling is so intense. But I remember my fantasy and I must satiate that desire. 

I raise up on my knees to lower her skirt, and as I do she removes my shirt an kisses and licks my chest, running her hands over my back and chest, and moaning lightly. She helps me ease her skirt and panties off and the aroma of her sweet musk is like nectar. I cannot believe how arousing that smell is. 

She can see in my eyes what I want. We haven’t spoken, and our communication has only been through touch or moans and whimpers. It is all we need. We are connected. Intertwined. Bound helplessly but delightfully together.

My head is swimming as I nuzzle in and start to caress her pussy with my tongue. I am rewarded with her delicious aroma and taste, her moans and moisture. My senses are being bombarded with pleasure. Trish is loving this, and my body is feeding off her pleasure. I continue to lick, nuzzle and explore that delicious pussy. I come during the excitement. She has her hand wrapped around my cock and is stroking me as I am licking her, but I don’t stop. I have waited so long for this pussy that I am not letting her go until I have had enough. 

I can sense the tension building in her hips and she comes violently in orgasm. I am rewarded with a fresh wash of her juices, and continue to gorge myself. She is moaning now, lost and out of control. Soon she has had a second and third orgasm, and her face is flushed and beautiful. I have had my reward.

She wants her turn now. She frees my cock from the pathetically inadequate constraints that were my clothes, and she urgently but gently guides me to her pussy. The heat from her is exhilarating. I enter her and am lost again. If there was such a thing as a tailor-made pussy this is it. Her cunt wraps around me like it was made just for me. This is fantastic! Whenever I come it will be too soon. 

I slide in and out of her slowly at first as I am loving every little movement, every centimetre. She is too far gone now though and is quickly building to her climax. She grabs at my ass and pulls me faster into her. Soon we are fucking hard. My balls slap against her and we both come together as if it were scripted. I want to stay like this forever. We are coated in sweat and come. We are exhausted but aroused. Finally we smile and I break the silence with words.

“Hello lover. I needed that!”

We laugh and lie together for a while, gently playing with each other’s bodies. It feels so good to have finally broken through that tension that goes with lust and longing. 

What happens next I don’t know. Who cares though? Some things are more important than getting along and doing the right thing. This was meant to be, and neither of us could have stopped it. And we’re going to do it all again tonight…