 Laura took a deep breath and let it out.

"Ok, "she said. "this isn't something that I have ever actually done, and I'm not sure I actually want to do it in real life, but when this kind of thing floats through my mind, it just turns me on. I've never told anyone because I know it will change their idea of me and probably put a label on me. So I guess I'm saying I'm really trusting you guys."

She was quiet for a minute picking at the label on her beer bottle with her thumbnail, not looking at anyone. 

"It's ok." This came from Ben. "We all think you're cool and we won't change our minds because of a fantasy. We are all prepared to bare our secrets here and none of us want to be judged by them. It means a lot that you volunteered to go first." We all smiled in agreement. 

She smiled back and took another deep breath. Her usual outgoing confidence returns as she begins her story.

"Ok, here goes...'

So I'm out on one of the Main Street bars, maybe Molly's so I can dance. I'm by myself and I'm a little tipsy, but not really drunk. I'm out there dancing, but that creepy guy is there, you know the one. So every time he tries to dance with me I leave the floor and get another drink. Then when the coast is clear, I go back out to dance.'

So one of the times I'm at the bar, there is this other girl next to me by herself too. She is watching the dance floor like I am and I ask her if she is waiting for the same creepy guy to leave the dance floor before she goes to dance and she laughs and says yes.'

So then we start talking. She is really cool and we like the same movies and even had some of the same professors. Then we see that the coast is clear. We leave our empty glasses and go to the dance floor. At first we are each doing our own thing but then we see the guy coming back and I just move closer to her. I nod in his direction and when she sees him, she moves closer to me, she dances with her back to my front like we are together so he stays away.'

So now we are laughing and grinding on each other and having fun. Then a really heavy bass song comes on and she just moves in closer to me and I put my hands on her hips, puling her closer yet and close my eyes. The music doesn't seem to have any words or context. I can just feel it moving the both of us. My mind is blank thanks to the rum and all I can feel is the beat of the music and her body pressed against mine. I am intoxicated by more than just the alcohol and endorphins.'

I suddenly realize I'm breathing heavy, not just from the dancing. At the same moment I realize she is too. I love the feel of her body. Not like a man's. It's softer, more gentle, but at the same time hotter. I mean there's just more heat, you know.' 

I just want to feel the beauty and heat of her so I find my hands sliding up. I wand to feel the slopes and planes of her body. She's athletic so my hands slide straight up her soft sides to her firm ribs and then around to cup her soft breasts. The way the soft flesh fills my hands is so nice I want to cry. It feels so much like my own body, but so different at the same time.' 

She arches her back pressing her ass into my throbbing crotch and her breasts into may hands harder. She reaches up and behind to grip my hair. She turns her head to expose her neck and pulls my face down to her. I inhale deeply. I can smell her perfume, but underneath is her own musky scent. I'm panting now with desire and then I taste. The saltiness of her flesh the slight almost peachy feeling of the tiny soft hairs on her neck.,

Her chest pushes up sharply into my hands as she gasps. I feel almost hungry suddenly and I bite her neck and squeeze her breasts. I can feel the nipples hard under my palms so I pinch them. A slight cry comes from her throat and I open my eyes.'

'Did I hurt you?' I ask; suddenly coming back to myself.'

She turns around to face me and I can see my own hunger reflected in her eyes. She smiles and shakes her head. She leans in and whispers in my ear that she lives just two blocks away and do I want to get out of there with her. I don't even think about it, we just leave together.' 

I walk with her back to her apartment. By the time we go inside and she flicks the light on, I am starting to be nervous. Being away from the music and out in the fresh air has cleared my head a little and I realize why we are here and that I've never done this with another woman before. She closes the door and turns to look at me. She smiles and steps close. She's shorter than me and so she has to look up at me.'

"You've never been with a woman, have you?" she asks me. I just shake my head. Before I can say anything she says, "If you want to change your mind, it's totally fine. I understand the heat of the moment might be a little lost, but I promise, if you stay and just relax into it, you will have an experience worth having." She smiles again and walks over to a computer at a desk in the corner. After a minute or two of clicking, she has some music on like what we were dancing to at the bar.

She walks to the fridge. "You want a drink?" she asks. Her front end is hidden behind the fridge door, but I can see her ass bent over from around the door. I say yes, but when she brings it over I just put it down and slide my hand around to the back of her neck to pull her in for a kiss. I had been thinking about how I felt at the bar. The hunger and need was so strong. It made me feel somehow masculine. I don't know, more in control or more confident or something. Anyway, I want that feeling back, and I know that letting my apprehension and inhibition rule me would not do it. So I decide to go for it.'

I kiss her deeply. One hand behind her head, buried in her hair, and the other roaming around from her side to her back, holding her close. There is an urgency and a passion but without the edge of aggression you have with a guy. Even with the nicest guy, there's always that sort of caveman feeling that comes with intense passion, and I like that usually, but this is different and I can't help getting caught up in her body again. This time more intense because she is exploring mine too.'

I can feel her hands on my hips, sliding up under my shirt. Her hands glide along my skin and I get goosebumps. I can feel her smile against my mouth. The deep needful urgency has morphed to a playful exploration. While our hands move and test, our mouths part and she bites at my lips gently. Her hand comes up to my face. Her fingertips press lightly on my jaw to push my face away from hers. Then her mouth lowers to my neck.'

A moan involuntarily escapes my throat and my arm constricts around her waist. Her hand is still near my jaw so I extend my tongue to pull two of her fingers into my mouth and suck. She turns around so her back is pressed against me again.'

I kiss her neck to her clavicle now and move my hands over the front of her body. I love the feel of the contrast between her firm ribs and soft abdomen. Her back arches and writhes against me, urging me on. My left hand slides into the low neckline of her top. She is so petite, she doesn't need a bra so my hand just cups the soft flesh of her breast. She is panting hard now and each heaving breath presses her hard nipple into the palm of my massaging hand.'

My right hand rests on the slight curve of her belly until I can feel her right hand sliding down my arm to cover my hand. Then she pushes it down across her belly until my fingertips pass under the hem of her waistband. I don't wait for further encouragement. I plunge my hand down and in. I cup my fingers over her as I would myself. I can feel how wet she it, just like I know I am. Her tight jeans leave only enough room for me to slide my fingers up and down her wet labia, gliding over her hard clit over and over.' 

The sensation in my hand is so familiar, but to feel no answering sensation in my groin is a shock but I find the symmetry of this moment sublime. She is moaning and crying out now, so I don't stop until she suddenly grips my wrist. She pulls my hand out of her jeans up to her mouth she sucks on one finger. Then she moves my hand to my own mouth. The heavy scent of her fills my head. I open my mouth and taste her on my own fingers. Again the sensation is so familiar, but at the same time utterly new and intoxicating.'

Then she steps away from me and turns to face me. She bites her lip as she hooks one finger in my belt and begins to walk backward; pulling me toward the door down the hall. As soon as we are in her room, she peels off her shirt, dropping it to the floor. She is wiggling out of her jeans by the time I have my own shirt off. Her panties are purple and the back is a lacy butterfly design. They are super cute, I think about asking her where she got them, but she is already helping me off with my own jeans.'

When I am in my bra and panties, she reaches past me to open a drawer of her dresser. There are about half a dozen dildos in there. Some with batteries, some without, and one of those black strap-on devices along with some other erotic odds and ends. She grabs a red one with batteries from the jumble and turns to push me back onto the bed.'

There she lays me back and straddles me. She peels my bra off and goes to work on my breasts. Massaging, kissing and tweaking, She soon has me writhing and moaning under her. Then she begins kissing her way down my stomach. I bend my knees and spread my legs as wide as I can. I even push my hips up. I want her so bad I can't think of anything else.'

She kisses the inside of my thighs. Nibbles and licks her way up and down both legs, everywhere but the one place throbbing for her attention. Then there is an absence of sensation. It lasts just long enough that I flinch when I feel the tip of her tongue lightly flick my wet labia. Then it returns to slide up the length of them, the touch so gentle, it's barely there. Then again, but this time just barely slipping between my lips to plunge in at the top to meet my hard clit and flick it.' 

My whole body jerks and I cry out. That's when she really goes to work on me. The way she employs her tongue, lips, fingers, and the vibrator is like a work of art. Like a Chopin symphony building the emotional tension so close to the crescendo, but always holding painfully short of the climax. I am caught up in an ocean of sensations. My rational brain has been drowned and I am left with my primal reactive self which is at the mercy of the ebb and flow of this ocean. I can feel the tide rising within me. Amidst my gasps and moans I can hear her asking if I'm ready to cum. Somehow I am able to gasp an affirmative through my moaning and panting.'

It is only a moment before my mind explodes. I know fireworks is such a cliché, by the low blood flow to my brain and the overactivity of neurons firing looks like nothing more than fireworks blasting over the surface of my temporarily blinded eyes like the grand finale on the fourth of July. My whole body convulses with the force of my orgasm, and it doesn't stop for a while. I can't stop the scream that tears from my throat. It is the single most complete orgasm of my life.'

When her face appears in front of mine, I grab it in both of my hands and kiss her hungrily. I roll us over so I am on top of her. Usually right after I cum, all I want to do is snuggle or sleep, but tonight I am possessed. I feel a need to be the active party now, I am finished with being passive in this exchange. I stand up and walk over to the dresser. Plunging my hand into the still-open drawer, I pull back with the black strap-on."

She comes over and helps me put it on then turns, bends her body languorously and slinks cat-like onto the bed. She perches there on all fours with her ass at the edge of the bed. I walk over and place one hand in the small of her back. I place the tip of the lubricated, black, veiny dick at her opening. I slowly begin to push. Her own lubrication and arousal makes it slide forward with little resistance. She moans and grips the bedspread.'

The action of thrusting gives me an overpowering feeling of dominance and control. even without the pleasure sensation of a real penis, I feel somehow powerful and I can suddenly see why men are so ravenous for this. I want to thrust again and again, pumping my hips with speed and force. This sudden urge scares me.'

"I don't want to hurt you." I say, suddenly too concerned to do anything at all. 

"It's OK." She replies, "I'll tell you what I feel."

I thrust gently, almost hesitantly at first, but with her encouragement, I go a little deeper and faster until we reach a rhythm and she purrs instructions and praise and instructions. Finally she reaches for the vibrator that is still on the bed. She turns it on and thrusts it between her legs. I slow and barely move as she rocks herself back and forth and rubs the vibrator on her clit until she too cums and then flops forward onto the bed.'

Once she has slid off of my pretend appendage, I remove it to fit myself into bed next to her. I am content to cradle her and feel her sweat-slicked body cool against mine as we fall asleep."

*****

Laura stands up from her camp chair and bows before stating, "The End!" and sits back down.

Natalie and I applaud. 

"Holy shit." Ben says. "I don't think I had properly prepared myself for this." Although it was clear we had all been turned on by Laura's story, Ben had the distinct disadvantage of having a painfully visible reaction. 

"You should do something about that." Natalie teases Mae by nodding at the straining front of Ben's shorts.

"I will." Says Mae with a slight note of defensiveness. "After that story, he might need to up his game with me too." Now she is giving Ben a slightly impish grin."

Everyone is quiet for a breath. Then Natalie says, "Well, what are you waiting for, we obviously all need more than just words after that!" 

I can see it's true. The heat in my own face from the alcohol and arousal is mirrored in the flushed faces and slightly parted lips around the fire.

"You guys want to watch?" Mae asks this with an overtone of reproach, but underneath the hint of anticipation. I can tell she wants to but needs only a little encouragement to act.

"I don't see an internet connection..." Laura says. "You two are the next best thing."

Ben is laughing now. "Mae? She's not the type to..." He is cut off because an expression of determination comes over Mae's face and then she swirls out of her chai and into Ben's Lap, Kissing him hard. His hands are instantly on her, he is not even pretending to protest. they kiss for a few moments before she moves to her knees between his legs. they fumble to get his shorts out of the way so his cock springs free. I exchange approving looks with Natalie and Laura. Ben has nothing to be ashamed of down there.

We don't see much of it before Mae has it in her mouth. "Oh fuck." Ben moans as he alternates rolling his head back and looking at Mae's head bobbing up and down on him. I have never watched someone else have sex in person, porn sure, but not right in front of me. I am panting with arousal, but don't quite know what to do.

"Twist your hand while you do that." Laura gives Mae a pointer. I laugh as I see that Mae follows instructions and Ben promptly reacts with a moan.

"Make little bobs but make your lips really tight around the head." I chime in. I can tell she is trying it because Ben again reacts, but this time with a jerk and an "oh fuck." We continue suggesting technique until Mae suddenly stands up and starts peeling her clothes off. Ben removes his shirt before Mea straddles him in his camp chair. As they kiss passionately again we can see Ben's cock rubbing and bumping her groin as she moves. His arms are wrapped tightly around her, keeping her small body close to his. Finally, her hips move to find him and she lowers herself onto him without using her hands at all.

She moves up and down on him, but no for long. He suddenly stands up, her weight nothing as they are still joined he moves over to the table and lays her down on the top. He hooks his arms under her knees and begins to thrust. I am suddenly aware of my flushed face and aching groin. I break my gaze from the rutting couple and notice that Natalie already has her hand in her pants and Laura is stroking her breasts. I plunge my hand inside my own underwear and meet the gush of moisture.

I look back up and see that Ben is still thrusting but is leaning down to whisper in her ear. I can see it but I can't hear what he says and for some reason I find it extremely erotic. He licks her ear and then bites it. I cum. From the sounds I can tell that Natalie and Laura are not far behind me. Ben himself soon plunges a deep tell-tale thrust that he holds while his muscles strain and then he relaxes. Mae kisses him deeply and they both catch their breath. All five of us are exhausted now. Laura is the first to stand up.

"Nat, this whole thing was your idea, so you're next." She hasn't finished speaking before she is on her way to bed. We all follow without saying much else. What on earth would another day bring to this little erotic microcosm we have created?