 Copyright (c) 2018 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

---------

This is one of a series of stories set in what I call Universe-J. Universe-J is very much like this universe with a few exceptions. 

First the people tend to be a little more sexual and less hung up on sex that they are in our universe. This does not mean that monogamy is the exception. James and Heather were monogamous for a significant amount of time before they "accidentally" swapped partners.

Second the repercussions of unprotected sex are less severe than our universe. Not to say that STDs and unexpected pregnancies don't occur, just that they occur less frequently and in the case of STDs, a good shot of antibiotic will put you right again. HIV has yet to be introduced so STDs aren't a death sentence there.

Lastly, pedophilia and incest (which I will not be writing about) are virtually unknown. 

Children are to be protected and loved not abused. When they reach the age of consent, they can join in the adult games if they so desire, but there is no pressure on them to do so.

---------

It was one of those random events that just seem to happen. We had gone out to our favorite STD testing clinic to get our quarterly tests run. The clinic, which happened to be over on the other side of town, is one of a network that produces a nationally recognized disease free card.

After we submitted out blood samples and had our exams, we headed out to get dinner. Heather picked a restaurant from a flyer by the door of the clinic. When we arrived, we spotted a familiar couple in the parking lot. 

Bob and Carole were neighbors of ours from several years ago. Somehow we drifted apart after they moved and so seeing them was quite a treat. They were also heading into the same restaurant so we got a table for 4 and chatted over dinner. 

On the way home Heather made me admit it, I was staring at Carole's boobs all night. She has the most perfect breasts. I ended up taking out my sexual frustration on Heather on the floor in the living room after we got home. Considering how wet her pussy was, she must have been thinking about Bob. But I was too much the gentleman to hold it against her.

A week later I got an email from Bob asking if we would like to go camping with them. He had heard of a really cool place and Carole had asked if we could go along. We made some plans to meet up and figure out the logistics.

It turned out we still had some camping gear from years back when we were too poor to do anything else on vacation. It was still in the garage so I went out to inventory it. 

With a lot of emailing back and forth we got it all arranged. Because this place was about a day and a half drive each way, we would bracket the weekend and start Thursday morning. Bob had bought a new big SUV so he volunteered the wheels. We had a 4 person mountain tent, some sleeping bags and air mattresses and some other camping gear. And they had the destination. Perfect.

Thursday morning came around and Bob and Carole showed up bright and early. So early, the sun wasn't up. Is that even morning?

We loaded up and hit the road. Bob was driving and Carole insisted that Heather take shotgun. That meant I got the back seat with Carole, which was fine by me. 

Unfortunately, all I wanted to do was go back to sleep.

Before we knew it, Bob was pulling off the road for lunch. We pulled into a truck stop with a greasy spoon and went in for lunch. The food wasn't bad and as we walked back out to the car, Bob tossed me the keys. 

"Your turn to drive," he said.

We settled in. Carole was in shotgun this time and Bob and Heather in back. 

I asked Bob, "How will I know where to go?"

Carole leaned in and brought up the GPS screen on the console. Damn this car had everything!

Everybody was in good spirits and Bob started telling a joke about a one legged whore. Well, that meant Heather had to tell the two hand and tongue job joke. It went downhill from there fast.

Suddenly both girls broke out with, "99 bottles of beer on the wall," and both Bob and I erupted with groans at the implications of this.

"99 bottles of beer. Take one down and pass it around. 98 bottles of beer on the wall."

At this, Bob joined in with a very melodious bass singing voice. I was instantly and hatefully jealous. I can't carry a tune in a washtub. I tried to filter it out. I did pretty good until..."

"94 bottle blonde whores on the wall. 94 bottle blonde whores." 

That was different. The girls giggled and joined Bob, now counting whores.

"Take one down and pass her around. 93 bottle blonde whores on the wall."

I went back to focusing on driving. 

Sometime later the words changed again.

"78 skanky nasty whores on the wall, 78 skanky whores. Take one down, put your dick in her mound. 77 skanky whores on the wall."

And so it went getting more and more perverse as one of the chorus came up with one after another, mostly anatomically improbable, dirty little sex acts inflicted on the poor now redheaded naked whores on the wall.

It was time to stop this.

I reached into Carole's shirt and grabbed a handful of boob. 

Carol went, "Ohhh!"

"I spy with my little eye," I called out loudly, "something that is round."

Heather stopped singing and Bob carried on singing for a few seconds before finally letting it trail off into silence.

I repeated myself, "I spy with my little eye, something that is round."

Carol was first, shouting out, "My tit!"

I glanced over with a smile. "No!" I said, "I'm holding your tit, not spying it."

Carol snickered, "I can fix that." 

She then proceeded to unbutton her shirt and let the girls out.

"That is still not the round thing I spy," I said.

"A nipple!" called out Heather.

"Nope," I said.

"My dick," said Bob.

"Definitely not!" I cried.

Carol turned around and stared at Bob for a second, then asked, "How do you get something that is round out of your dick?"

"Well," he said slowly for dramatic effect, "it is long and round."

Heather hit him on the shoulder, then said "The speedometer."

I looked at it. Yep it was mostly round. 

"Nope," I said. "Not the speedometer."

After that the guesses came fast and furious until Bob yelled out, "The knob," and Carole yelled back, "Is that all you can think about is your penis?"

You would have thought the car was full of laughing gas because we all broke up. I had to wipe the tears out of my eyes to be able to see to drive. The laughter almost stopped then started up again and finally died out.

"Your knob," Carole muttered under her breath, giggling a little.

Then she sat straight up and pointed. "The tire on the back of that jeep," she cried.

"Yes. Finally. Thank gawd you got it," I said with relief.

Just then a sign went by announcing 1 mile to the largest truck stop for the next 100 miles. I looked and we had plenty of gas, but a stretch would go good about now.

"Potty stop time," I called out as we took the exit.

"Yay!" said Heather. "My butt is starting to hurt from all this sitting. A stop is perfect."

Carol began to put her shirt back on, much to my dismay. But there were probably families and we didn't want to traumatize anyone. So it was all good.

It was mostly deserted when we pulled in. I announced that I would top the tank off and meet them at the main building. Just as the girls started to get out, a car full of young boys pulled up to the next pump and I swore their eyes were going to drop out. Carol hadn't buttoned all the way up and they got an ABN (All But Nipple) view down her shirt. 

When Heather slid out from the back the short skirt she was wearing slid up her butt and did not conceal the fact that she was going commando. So they got a full on view of her hairless beaver. 

Based on the t-shirts proclaiming last year's senior class, I guessed that they were all 18 or more so the girls probably didn't do any lasting damage. 

I finished gassing up and drove over to the main building. The girls were trying on sunglasses and giggling and Bob was just paying for several bottles of wine. I caught his eye and nodded in the direction of the men's room. He gave me a thumbs-up.

A few minutes later, we met at the car and resumed our positions. As we pulled out the two girls exploded into raucous laughter.

"Oh my gawd! Did you see their eyes?" Carole asked through her laughter.

"You know it girl! When you bent down to pick up that pair of sunglasses you deliberately dropped. That short guy is going to need a chiropractor to get his neck fixed. Trying so hard to move it around to look down your shirt," chimed in Heather.

"I know, right? And when you lifted your leg up to tie your shoe on that box I thought the front of that one guy's pants were going to blow off," cackled Carole.

"Bob," I said in mock terror. "They are going to get us arrested for indecent exposure and aiding the delinquency of minors. What will we do?"

"Relax," Bob said. "They were buying beer, so they're legal. No jailbait there. Just a couple of horny old broads in clothes too small for themselves pimpin' their wares to a bunch of barely legal tender." 

"Who is old?" said Heather hitting him again.

Ignoring her, Bob squinted at the GPS and said, "We're about 100 miles to the hotel and it's still pretty early. Why don't we check in and there is supposed to be a great steakhouse a block away. We can get some good grub and then put the dirty little minds of these flashers to good use."

"Sounds like a plan," I said. "Next stop, No Tell Motel."

Carole leaned her chair back a little and lay back in the seat. I glanced in the mirror and saw Heather and Bob lean back as well.

Apparently Bob and Heather couldn't sleep because I heard a noise and glanced back in the mirror and saw them kissing. Between the noises and quick glances to verify, I could tell Bob and Heather were having a good time. She had his dick out and was stroking it slowly. He had one hand up her skirt and the other was stroking her breasts through the silky material. 

I glanced over at Carole and she was intently watching the two lovebirds in the back. She had unbuttoned a couple buttons on her shirt (or maybe it had been that way) and was playing with a nipple. Her other hand was in her lap and a finger had snuck up under the hem of her shorts slowly stroking something.

Just then I had to jerk the car back into the lane as we hit the rumble strip. Dammit I was getting distracted.

"Sorry guys. I, ... you, ... I. Ohm, just sorry. Carry on," I said.

A quick glance showed me that Bob and Heather had resumed and the feel of Carole's hand on my cock a second later let me know that I wasn't forgotten.

That last stretch of road seemed like it went by so fast. Carole was an expert at bringing me to the brink and then cooling me off. I must have nearly popped four or five times. 

On the other hand, she had no qualms about having a bunch of full on screaming orgasms. 

Form the sounds coming from the back seat, I don't know if Heather got Bob off, but he definitely got Heather off.

When we got to the hotel, I reluctantly packed my meat stick back into my pants and the girls shrugged themselves into a semblance of respectability. Bob and I got out and rearranged ourselves as we went to go grab some luggage.

"I didn't want to presume anything about the sleeping arrangements tonight," Bob started. "We can play this any way you guys would like. No pressure, but it has been a while since I've had a chance to make love to your beautiful lady."

"And you know how much I have always loved that exquisite body on Carole," I said as the girls joined us grinning like a couple of canary eating cats.

"How about if we let the ladies choose?" I asked. "Bob will get the higher numbered room. I will get the lower numbered room. We will go put our stuff in our respective rooms. When we come down to the lobby, you girls can put your stuff in whichever room you want, but don't tell us. Then we'll go get dinner and come back and you can go with your choice. Make a game of it."

The girls looked at each other, giggled and started whispering furiously.

After everybody had settled their stuff, we met in the lobby and went to have dinner. The food was awesome. Big steaks cooked perfectly. Several bottles of wine and an indeterminate number of rounds of shots and we headed back to the hotel. 

Walking (staggering?) back to the hotel, Carole was on my arm (a portent of the future, please) when she said, "I have had a great day. Let's not stop it now. Both rooms have a little sitting area where we can continue the night."

"Oh really," said Bob with his arm around Heather's waist. The arm was around her waist, the hand was actually down inside her skirt caressing her ass. "I'm in."

"Me two. Or is it three?" slurred Heather as she took a big drink from the bottle of wine we hadn't finished after dinner. 

"Unanimous. Pick a room," I said to Carole while reaching my hand up to cup a boob. I can't believe I missed a chance to do that earlier. I also retrieved the bottle from Heather and took a big swig to finish it off.

Carole was making a back and forth gesture which finally ended with "Moe!" while pointing at me.

"James' room if you please," she said and that is where we headed.

When we got there, I moved my luggage into the bedroom hoping to catch a glimpse of a bag other than Heather's. But the girls were too sneaky. They had hidden the bags and I didn't have time to search. But I did see that there were two king sized beds in the bedroom.

When I came out, Bob had opened yet another bottle of wine. My first thought was, "Thank gawd he gets the first leg of driving tomorrow."

Carole was on the far end of the love seat. I sat next to her and she slid over and cuddled up with me. 

Bob was in the recliner leaning back and Heather was straddling him doing a slow grind on his crotch with hers. I watched them for a moment and then looked down to see Carole was asleep on my chest. Whatever dirty game she had in mind was now on hold. 

I vaguely remember yawning and seeing Heather slump down on the sleeping Bob and then suddenly it was 4:15am. Carole was still curled up next to me, but sometime in the night she had pulled my cock out and her hand was still wrapped around it. I didn't feel sticky so I guessed that she hadn't managed to get me off.

Untangling myself gently I headed to the bathroom to pee. On the way I snagged my travel kit and got out some essentials. I brushed my teeth to get the taste of army boots out of my mouth. Then took my patented never fail hangover cure. Two migraine capsules, two horse pill B vitamins and several glasses of water. 

The water reacted with the leftover wine in my stomach and I got a buzz going again. I let the feeling pass while I got out of my clothes.

I was tempted to leave the sleeping beauties just lay there and go to bed, but I decided to have mercy on Carole. 

I stepped over to her and lightly massaged her chest. Her nipples responded instantly and a moment later I was staring into her unfocused eyes.

"Shhhh!" I whispered. "Come with me if you want to live." OK, I love corny old movie lines.

She got up carefully and followed me into the bathroom. 

"Gotta pee," she mumbled and proceeded to sit on the toilet. 

She motioned me over and started to suck on my cock. When she was done peeing, I told her about the hangover cure and she tried it. Yes, I was playing with her tits and watching them in the mirror the whole time. Have I mentioned how perfect her tits are? 

Carole shed the last of her clothes and grabbed me by the cock and led me to the first of the beds in the bedroom. She lay down without a word in a spoon position on her side and I took the invitation. I snuggled up to her and the last thought I remember was, "She smells so good."

When next I awoke, the sun was streaming in through the partially opened blinds lighting the room like a spotlight. I was still spooning Carole. My morning wood was embedded between her thighs. 

On the other bed, Bob was on his back and Heather was straddling him. Both of them were naked. They must have woken up and crawled (perhaps literally) in here and crashed on the other bed. From here I couldn't tell if Bob's dick was still inside Heather. Not that it mattered.

Either Carole had been awake or the motion of lifting my head woke her. It didn't matter she turned little and spun her head enough to give my forehead a glancing kiss and a whispered a soft, "Morning."

I whispered, "Morning," back to her not wanting to break the spell.

Carole slid her hand down and found my bad boy nestled in her valley of love. This caused a low, soft purr of an "Mmmmmm" to be heard.

She shifted a little and lifted her leg and began to rub my cock back and forth between her lower lips. It didn't take long and she was beginning to get wet and I was really getting hard. Holding it just behind the head she began to rub the tip of my cock over her clit. I started to arch, it was feeling so awesome. Just before I thought I couldn't stand any more, she pushed back and slid me inside her.

Her pussy walls were every bit as silky smooth and delicious feeling as I remember them. It was time for my low growled "Mmmmmmmm".

Carole put her leg down and then began an exquisite series of squeezing motions with her thighs and her pussy muscles. I later found out that these were called Kegel exercises and I highly recommend them.

My involuntary groan escaped from between my clenched teeth as I began to spurt inside her. I could feel her hand frantically rubbing her clit to catch up and before my third spurt, she did. Those Kegels were even more amazing when she came.

Afterwards, we lay basking in the glow. I was gently kissing her neck and inhaling her essence. She smelled incredible. After a day of driving, a night of drinking and sleeping in any old position, she still smelled sexy as hell.

We thought we had been pretty quiet, but apparently it was enough to rouse our roommates. Or else it was the shaft of sunlight bouncing off the picture into their faces. Heather sat up groggily first then Bob rolled over to face us. Their faces told the story.

Quietly I said, "In the bathroom there is a bottle of migraine relief. Go take 2 tablets and then there are some B vitamin pills. Take two of those plus some glasses of water. It will take a while but it will help."

Heather nodded and headed off. Bob looked like he was going to be sick, so I threw off the covers and put a trash can near his head. He nodded and said, "I don't think I will need it but I appreciate the effort."

Carole came over, gave him a big kiss and an overly loud, "Good morning Honey. Did you have fun last night!" as only somebody who isn't hung over can do to one of the suffering.

Bob just closed his eyes for a moment. With his eyes closed he grumbled, "I am pretty sure I did, but I know you did. It is running down your leg woman, you might want to catch that."

Carole ran a hand down just in time to catch a big gob of my cum as it dripped out and then wiped up another glob as it was running down her leg.

Slipping her fingers into her mouth she sucked them clean and announced that she was, "going to go help Heather," and that we, "could sit there and discuss how enjoyable it was to have an early morning fuck."

I slapped Bob on the shoulder and said "C'mon let's get some medication into you so we can go down and get breakfast. A little food will go a long way to making you human again."

He nodded and headed to the bathroom for a little better living through chemistry.

I could hear the shower and giggling when I walked past the bathroom. Bob was just taking the pills and trying not to stare in the mirror.
