 Copyright (c) 2018 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

------------------

This is one of a series of stories set in what I call Universe-J. Universe-J is very much like this universe with a few exceptions. 

First the people tend to be a little more sexual and less hung up on sex that they are in our universe. This does not mean that monogamy is the exception. James and Heather were monogamous for a significant amount of time before they "accidentally" swapped partners.

Second the repercussions of unprotected sex are less severe than our universe. Not to say that STDs and unexpected pregnancies don't occur, just that they occur less frequently and in the case of STDs, a good shot of antibiotic will put you right again. HIV has yet to be introduced so STDs aren't a death sentence there.

Lastly, pedophilia and incest (which I will not be writing about) are virtually unknown. Children are to be protected and loved not abused. When they reach the age of consent, they can join in the adult games if they so desire, but there is no pressure on them to do so.

------------------

When we last left our intrepid foursome, they had to bail out of Swing Fest in a pouring rain. Their tent, it turned out was little more than a minor impediment to the pouring rain. This caused a mass exodus by our foursome looking for drier shelter. After a couple of tries, a suitable hotel was found they proceeded to indulge in some shenanigans, got some sleep and were now ready to return to Swing Fest.

We pick up the story as they headed back to Swing Fest and the promised big evening shindig.

(If you haven't read Parts 1 & 2, now would be a good time to go read them. I hate long story recaps.)

------------------

Bob opted to drive, so I got to settle into the back with Carole. I am not sure how much sleep Bob and Carole got despite our late departure. She immediately loosened her seat belt, slid over and lay down on my lap and promptly fell asleep.

This was torture. I was torn by visions of this beautiful lady performing all those nasty erotic and ultimately pleasurable acts with Bob all night and there was nothing I could do about it except to stroke her back and hope she was having nice dreams. Have I mentioned how perfect her breasts are and how much fun they are to play with?

All too soon we reached the gravel road and Carole was rudely awakened by the jarring of the car on the rough road.

She sat up, leaned over and kissed me on the cheek, whispering, "Thanks for letting me sleep. Bob and I had a looooong night last night."

What could I say? I pulled her to me and gave her a hug. Then I leaned down and kissed her forehead and said "No problem. I'm saving my stamina for later anyway."

A few minutes later we pulled into our campsite. It looked so peaceful. No signs of the carnage of the rainstorm last night, except a few puddles.

I got out and headed over to the tent not knowing what to expect. 

When I flipped the flap back I started laughing, which brought the others over. Inside the test was about 6 inches of water and all four of the air mattresses were floating happily in their makeshift indoor pool. 

"Holy crap!" was all Bob could say.

"Wow!" was Heather's comment.

Carole just shook her head looking at the sea of water. Finally she spoke, "James, thank you. If you hadn't realized that, we would be four miserable drowned rats this morning."

She turned and gave me a kiss on the cheek, which was followed by Heather doing the same. I was pretty proud of myself and being the meat in the middle of this womanosity sandwich was the icing on the cake.

"Well, I suppose we better fish these air mattresses out and get them dried off," I said.

Bob reached in and grabbed the first one and passed it to me. I let go of the girls and caught it and passed it to Heather who walked over and leaned it against the picnic table.

Bob passed out the next one. I passed it to Carole, who passed it to Heather. In no time we had all 4 air mattresses standing on end drying.

Bob looked at me and then at the tent. 

"What about all this water?" he asked.

I shrugged and stepped on the bottom lip of the tent. I was rewarded with a gush of water all over my sandaled foot.

"That works," he said. "I'll leave that to you."

It didn't take long for most of the water to flood out. Most of it followed a little trail through the campsite to join a big puddle down by the road.

In the meantime, Bob had been busy hauling the mysterious black bag out of the SUV and was assembling something that looked straight out of a medieval torture catalog. After he got all the parts out of the bag, he threw two straps over the limb of the oak tree. Assembling a couple more straps and some bars and ropes into the contraption, Bob spun it around, nodded and seemed pleased.

Seeing that the water was pretty well drained, I wandered over and asked politely, "What in the hell is that fucking thing!?!?!"

"Exactly," he said.

"Exactly, what?!?" I said totally confused.

The girls joined us with confused looks on their faces too.

"This is a Deluxe Thai Brothel Basket Fucking Chair," he announced with a pleased grin in his voice.

"A what?!?" Carole asked.

"Let me demonstrate on Heather," Bob said while grabbing Heather's arm.

She let him lead her over to the thing and followed his whispered instructions. A few seconds later she was sitting in in the middle of the rods and straps holding on to hand straps above her head and leaning back against some other straps.

"Now," explained Bob with that shit eating grin. "I can slid up to our victim and put her legs in these straps and have total access to her pussy to eat it or fuck it or spank it --- "

"You better not spank it," interrupted Heather.

"Or by pulling on these straps," continued Bob ignoring the protests from Heather. "I can lift her butt up giving full access for anal playtime."

The last was accompanied by a shriek from Heather as her butt was unceremoniously hauled into the air.

"If I spin her around like this," he demonstrated with Heather shrieking in the background. 

Bob continued, "I can lower her head and shoulders down, and according to the instructions she will be in the perfect position to take a dick down her throat."

"Bring that cock over here and I will bite it off," growled Heather. "Get me the fuck out of this thing."

"Certainly," said Bob. 

He spun her around and unclipped one of the straps and gently lowered Heather until her feet touched the ground. As soon as that happened, she bolted 10 feet in a heartbeat. 

With wide eyes Heather declared vehemently, "You are never getting me anywhere near that thing, ever again. And that means you too James!"

Carole hadn't said a word but just looked at the Thai basket thing with pure lust in her eyes.

"Can I try it?" she asked.

Bob was still a little shaken by Heather's reaction and stared at Carole for a minute before nodding.

Carole walked up to it and looked at me and said, "Hold this for me."

She then proceeded to take off her shirt and hand it to me, followed by her pants. She wasn't wearing any underwear so there was nothing else to take off.

Carole stepped out of her shoes and stepped into the basket and leaned back. 

"I want a full working demonstration," she demanded starting straight at Bob.

Bob pulled on the strap and clipped it to a ring, which lifted Carole and tilted her back. 

She let go of one of the hand straps and pointed at her pussy and said, "Eat!"

Bob looked shocked, but bent down and began to run his tongue over her pussy lips to her obvious delight.

Just then I heard, "James!" 

This was followed by a 95 pound bundle of delight named Marcie jumping up and wrapping her legs around me. I staggered back and was barely able to stay upright.

My face was instantly being peppered with kisses and words that appeared between the kisses.

"James" (kiss) "Thank you" (kiss) "thank you" (kiss) "thank you" (kiss) "we owe" (kiss) "everything" (kiss) "to you" (kiss) "and Heather."

At that I grabbed her arms and held her off to catch my breath and unscramble my wits.

"Slow down Marcie," I started. "What is this all about?"

She let her legs down, gave me one more quick kiss and ran over to hug Heather and give her a much slower kiss.

"We owe everything to you two for last night," Marcie said.

"After you guys left we sat cuddling and kissing for a long time. Then we finally got up and got dressed. It was raining like a dog and the party had mostly broken up. We walked back to our tent just enjoying the rain and each other. 

"When we got to our tent, we took off our clothes because we were totally soaked and we ran around the campground butt ass naked and it was awesome. Finally we stopped and we started making love on somebody's picnic table. They heard us and came out and asked if they could join in and we let them.

"I fucked the guy and Tom fucked his woman for a while and then she climbed up on me and put her pussy over my face and began to lick my pussy and Tom started fucking her right in front of my face and it was soooo sexy.

"I felt the guy start to fuck me and she would pull his cock out and suck on it and I wanted to do it too. So I pulled Tom out and sucked his dick and tasted her on his cock and it was soooo sexy I started to come.

"The guys both were getting ready to come and she pulled her husband out and sucked on him until he came in her mouth. I could see Tom's balls start to pull up so I pulled his cock out and got my lips around it just as he started to come.

"When they were done, the woman helped me up and slid her legs between mine until our pussies touched and she kissed me and we swapped our men's come and rubbed our pussies together until we each came. The guys were kissing both of us all over and rubbing our breasts and talking dirty to us. It was so beyond sexy, I'm coming right now just thinking about it.

"Eventually we stopped and we each went to our man and kissed him. She led her man back to their tent and though she looked over like she wanted us to come with them. I shook my head and led Tom back to our tent.

"We dried each other off with towels and we started to cuddle in the sleeping bag and I started to cry and I couldn't stop. And Tom just held me.

"Finally I began to stop crying and Tom held me and started saying that he was sorry. It was all his fault that we were there and that he was a stupid prick for making me come. I finally put my finger over his lips and told him that I wasn't crying because I was upset or mad, I was crying for joy and the immense feeling of love that I had for him. We had both shared what had been our sacred bodies with two other couples that night. Both of them had way more experience than we had. We were both virgins on our wedding night and we never really knew anything about making love. And even though both you and this other lady knew way more than I did about making love to a man and pleasing him, Tom wanted me. And that made me so happy I started to cry."

I watched Heather while Marcie was talking and I saw her eyes cloud up and a tear ran down her cheek. I stepped up and hugged both of them just as Marcie ran out of words.

Marcie buried her head in Heather's chest and I heard a muffled "Thank you. Both of you," come from Marcie.

Heather tilted her head down and kissed the top of Marcie's head.

"Thank you for sharing," she said to Marcie. "That was beautiful."

"I just wanted to let both of you know that you were right last night when you said that the more love you make the more love there is give. I love Tom so much more now than I did yesterday at this time that I feel like that cartoon character whose heart grew three sizes. I love you guys. Thank you for everything." And with that, Marcie turned and ran off as fast as she had appeared.

I looked at Heather and she looked at me. I mouthed the words, "I love you," to her and she replied "I know." 

She knows I can't resist corny movie lines.

Before I could kiss her, a shriek for Carole caught our attention.

A small crowd had gathered around Bob his torture device, I mean the sex basket.

Carole was now dangling with her legs in the air in some straps and her head was back hanging a little below the level of her butt. Elephant Boy from last night was slowly feeding his 12 incher into Carole's mouth and throat a little at a time as Bob was helping some stranger slide his cock into Carole's ass. A third guy was sliding two fingers into Carol's pussy and then pulling them out and licking her juices off his fingers, then putting them back in her pussy.

Heather reached into her pocket and pulled out her phone and began filming this. 

I looked at her and she said, "Carole is going to want to see this later."

A few ladies had joined the crowd and one of them sidled up to Bob, grabbed his crotch and asked, "If I suck you off, can I be next?"

Without waiting for an answer, she pulled his shorts down and slid his semi-hard cock into her mouth. It didn't take long before he was fucking her face.

The guy in Carole's ass gave out a long moan and his body stiffened for a moment and then he flopped out of her ass.

Elephant boy was over half way into Carole's mouth but it was obvious that he had reached her limit. He pulled all but the head of his dick out of her mouth and pointing at a tall skinny blonde. He made a jacking off motion with his hand and pointed to his dick. She nodded and came over and began to stroke his monster dick.

She must have done a good job because very shortly he began to grunt and started humping Carole's mouth. It wasn't long after that he leaned his head back and everyone could tell he was pumping a load into Carole's mouth.

I looked at Heather and said, "Why don't we get dinner started. I have a feeling Bob and Carole are going to be hungry in a little while. 

Heather nodded, although her gaze was still focused on Elephant Boy. 

She finally turned and put her phone away, then dug into the SUV and pulled out the cooler. I grabbed the bag of charcoal and some newspapers.

One of the fringe benefits of this particular campsite was a small grill on a concrete pad. So rather than use the small disposable one we brought, I loaded this one up with charcoal and used the grilling plate from the disposable one so the burgers wouldn't sit on the nasty rusted one.

I stacked the briquettes into the fire starter with the newspaper and fired it up. The newspaper lit and I waited for a minute or two until it looked like it was going to take, then I turned to help Heather. 

As I looked over, Carole was walking toward us and she had been replaced by the lady who had sucked on Bob's dick. The new victim was on her stomach instead of her back the way Carole had been. Another volunteer from the crowd was feeding his cock into her mouth and Bob was sliding into her at the other end.

From this angle I couldn't tell if he was fucking her ass or her pussy.

Carole reached Heather before I did and gave her a long kiss. 

"I'm going to go take a quick shower and then I will be back to help with dinner," Carol said.

"Ok," said Heather, then dropping her voice she asked "How was it?"

"Oh my gawd," Carole crowed. "It was awesome. But I really need to shower. I'll tell you all about it when I get back."

Heather and I got busy getting dinner ready. But not so busy that we couldn't sneak glances at Bob's Thai sex chair. 

A much bigger crowd had gathered and there was a procession of women trying it out. Some went on their backs and some on their stomachs and a few tried to both ways.

By the time Carole returned we had everything just about ready. I had the coals spread out and was getting ready for the burgers. Heather had all the condiments out and the tomatoes and onions sliced. The two of them talked in low tones so I couldn't follow the conversation.

The only part I understood was when I walked over to get the burgers and Carole told Heather, "You have to try it." 

To which Heather replied in no uncertain terms, "No!"

And that was the end of that conversation.

About then, Bob had run out of female volunteers. The only ones left were a couple of the gay guys and Bob apparently gave them some instructions or warnings and then headed over to us. One of the guys climbed in and assumed the backwards position while the other two arranged themselves fore and aft. We all kind of ignored them after that.

Carole sent Bob to the showers so I threw the burgers on the grill.

When Bob came back we were ready for a gourmet dinner of burgers and chips and wine.

When dinner was over, Heather half-heartedly offered to be dessert, as long as it didn't involve, "That damned contraption!"

Carole laughed and brought out a plastic container of homemade chocolate chip fudge brownies with walnuts. Even Heather said that they were a better choice.

Just then Mayor Bob came out with a bullhorn announcing the start of the evening's festivities. 

First up were the nominations for the King and Queen of Swing Fest. We didn't really know what was going on so we just sat back in the crowd until Mayor Bob yelled out, "The nominations are open!"

The woman who was the second to try Bob's Thai sex basket contraption ran up to Bob, grabbed his hand and pulled him up to the front. As she did so, she was shouting, "I nominate this guy for bringing that crazy sex swing over there."

They made Bob stand up on one of the picnic tables.

Next up was Elephant Boy. From some of the comments we overheard, apparently he was a perennial candidate.

I was shocked at what happened next. A woman ran up to Heather and me, grabbed our hands and pulled us to the front. When we got there, she shouted out, "I nominate this couple for the show they helped put on last night."

We heard a shriek and then Tom and Marcie were being pulled out of the crowed by a guy. When they got to the front, he called out, "I nominate this couple for being the other half of the show last night."

They made Tom and I climb up by Elephant Boy and Bob. The girls got to climb up on a different picnic table.

A shout came from out in the crowd, "I nominate this lady for being the first one to show us how the whatchucallit sex thing over there works."

A few seconds later Carole was pulled out of the crowd by the guy that had fucked her ass.

Mayor Bob nodded approvingly and yelled out, "Any more nominations?"

There were a couple more ladies who were nominated for outrageous sex acts the night before. One of whom refused the nomination.

Mayor Bob yelled out, "Any more nominations?"

After a suitable time, Mayor Bob announced, "All right, the nominations are closed. I think you all know how this will work. I will stand in front of each one of these fine upstanding citizens of Swing Fest and you the people will vote by making noise. Clapping, whistling, yelling, farting anything that will make noise do so when it is time for your candidate.

"Any questions?

"Alright, let's vote."

Mayor Bob turned to us and asked us for our names. It turns out Elephant Boy's name was Phillip. I would have guessed Dirk or Biggs or something, anything but Phillip.

Mayor Bob stood in front of Elephant Boy Phillip and he got a roar from the crowd. I didn't think he could be beaten. 

Mayor Bob apparently counts to his own beat because he lined up in front of me next. When he raised his hand I thought the roof was coming down. It was an amazingly loud sound.

Mayor Bob sat for a second and then moved in front of Tom. Another amazing roar erupted from the crowd.

Finally, Mayor Bob raised his hand and I flinched. The sound from the crowd was beyond loud. And it went on and on.
