 Copyright (c) 2018 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

---------

This is one of a series of stories set in what I call Universe-J. Universe-J is very much like this universe with a few exceptions. 

First the people tend to be a little more sexual and less hung up on sex that they are in our universe. This does not mean that monogamy is the exception. James and Heather were monogamous for a significant amount of time before they "accidentally" swapped partners.

Second the repercussions of unprotected sex are less severe than our universe. Not to say that STDs and unexpected pregnancies don't occur, just that they occur less frequently and in the case of STDs, a good shot of antibiotic will put you right again. HIV has yet to be introduced so STDs aren't a death sentence there.

Lastly, pedophilia and incest (which I will not be writing about) are virtually unknown. Children are to be protected and loved not abused. When they reach the age of consent, they can join in the adult games if they so desire, but there is no pressure on them to do so.

---------

When we last left our intrepid foursome, they had arrived at Swing Fest and thoroughly enjoyed the first night mixer.

Unfortunately, Heather and James' tent had sat in the garage too long and when James and Bob set it up, the waterproofing peeled off the roof and ended up on the floor. They didn't know that until it started to rain down in buckets, right through the roof. They beat a hasty retreat to Bob's SUV. After a little while they realized that the rain was not going to stop.

We pick up the story as they headed out to find a hotel.

---------

The trip over the gravel road was not too bad and we reached the highway without incident. The first hotel was full, so we carried on.

While Bob and I checked on availability at the second hotel, the girls stayed in the car again. When we got back after running through the rain both ways, both of the girls had 'cat that ate the canary' grins.

I just knew something was up, so I gave in and growled, "What are you guys so happy about?"

Heather flashed her 100,000 watt smile and said, "Oh, nothing that you two Luddites would appreciate."

Carole couldn't contain herself and blurted out, "While you cavemen were slogging through the rain, Heather used her head and she looked up 'hotels near us' on her phone. She found a nice place about 15 miles away, checked for availability and made a reservation. It's one of those chains that advertise 'suite' rooms."

Bob just looked at her and grunted, "Ugh," and looked at me.

I grunted back, "Ugh. Ugh."

Heather barely stifled her laugh and managed to get the directions out, "Just go back to the freeway and head north to the third exit. The hotel will be on the left."

Twenty five minutes later we pulled into the parking lot, just as the rain lightened up a little. A spot was open right near the front lobby door, so Bob wheeled the land yacht in.

We bailed out of the car and grabbed suitcases and ran for the lobby. I was already more than a little wet from the first two unsuccessful attempts to get a room so I took my time and watched the girls' butts as they ran for the porte-cochere. 

The clerk was efficient and within a couple of minutes we were standing in a two bedroom suite with a small kitchenette and a sitting area with a couch and a couple of recliners. 

Bob wouldn't say it so I did.

"Ugh. Girls done good," in my best caveman speak.

Bob didn't take the bait instead opting to go over and bend my wife back for a long kiss.

Once he stood her back up, Heather breathed out and sighed, "You're welcome."

I looked at the kitchen and wondered out loud, "Should we bring the food up so we can have breakfast before we head back?"

Bob tossed me the keys. My idea, my job.

When we were packing Bob had thrown a small folding dolly into the back. Initially I thought it was a stupid idea, but I kept my trap shut. Now it appears, that was a stroke of genius.

I loaded the cooler first since it was the heaviest, then the box of dry goods and then finally box of wine bottles. Easy peasy. One trip and I was back in the room with all the food. 

The girls got up and helped stow the food away. When they had it well in hand I headed for one of the bathrooms to take a leak and put on a dry t-shirt.

When I got back, Carol waved me over to sit by her on the couch. Bob and Heather had staked out the recliners.

Carole was shuffling some cards and announced, "Now that James is here. The game is strip poker with some private rules. 

"First, five cards face down, no draws. We are playing a pure luck deal.

"Second, there will be no betting. Every hand is worth one article of clothing and only one article of clothing. Said clothing is to be collected at the end of the hand from the person with the losing hand by the person with the winning hand. 

"The two middle hands don't count.

"Things in pairs count as one item. Socks are a pair, earrings are a pair, shoes are a pair and so on."

"Oh Shit," said Heather standing up. "I need to go put some underwear on."

"Sit your butt down lady!" growled Carole. "There are a couple more rules."

After Heather sat down, Carole continued, "As I said, the winner of the hand gets to take the clothes off the loser. They have 30 seconds and can do it anyway they want. 

"If you are out of clothes and want to keep playing and lose, the winner gets to do anything they want to the loser for 30 seconds.

"We don't always play that rule, but we know you guys love to tease other people so I think it will work with this crew.

"And finally, the game continues until all but one person has lost all their clothes. That person will be declared the winner. The winner can do anything they want with anyone they want for as long as they want.

"Any questions?"

Carole looked around and then said, "Good" and started to deal.

As she was dealing she said, "And the deal goes clockwise around the table, to Bob next, then Heather, then James, then back to me.

"Ok suckers. Read 'em and weep."

I looked at my hand. 3 of diamonds, queen of hearts, jack of spades, 9 of clubs and 9 of diamonds. So I had one pair of 9s. Not good, but maybe not bad.

"Alright. Let's show 'em girls," said Carole.

My 9s beat Heather's king high, but lost to Carol's three of a kind and Bob's full house.

Bob stood up rubbing his hands as he walked over to Heather. Carole flipped over a 30 second sand clock that I hadn't seen earlier and said, "Time starts."

Bob began to rub his hands over Heather and she began to purr. Just before time ran out Bob bent down and claimed Heather's shoes. If looks could talk, Heather's stare was screaming, "Shoes? What about my fucking shirt, you bastard?"

Next hand, Carole won and I lost. My shirt went away and I got a hickey just above my left nipple.

Next hand Carole won again and Heather lost again. Carole teased her unmercifully and finally walked away with her earrings.

I won next and Carole lost. I took my time but I claimed her shirt. I now possessed that beautiful yellowish golden silky shirt that had obscured her magnificent mounds. Have I mentioned how perfect her breasts are? They are awesome. They are what pinup girls have lusted to have for centuries. 

Carole's breasts were the perfect slightly teardrop shape with areolas that could have been drawn on her with a compass they were so perfectly round. Her nipples sit right at the very center of those circles and they always reflect her mood. Puffy or pointed or smooth to the skin or crinkly and at time I could swear that they are humming. Have I mentioned that I really love her breasts? The shirt had to go so that I could feast my eyes on her lovely girls.

The hands came and went and so did the first couple bottles of wine and most of our clothes. It finally came down that Heather had just lost her watch, which was her last piece of clothing. I had my underwear and socks. Bob had his watch and his t-shirt. Carole had her panties.

I won the next hand and Carole lost. I claimed her panties with my teeth. And cleaned up her sopping wet pussy with my tongue. Yum.

Bob lost his watch and then his t-shirt, so I was the only one with clothes. But nobody had lost yet while naked. You had to lose a hand with nothing to give up in order to be declared a loser.

I lost my underwear and then Heather dealt, the next hand sucked. A pair of 2s. I almost threw my hand in, but decided to bluff it out. As we all showed our cards, amazingly, I won. Carole lost with an 8 high. She was the first one out.

"30 second rule," Heather reminded us as I stalked toward Carole penis pointing the way. 

As I got to Carole, I heard the timer flip and I reached out and spun her back to me. I slid my hands around to cup her breasts and pull her to me. My cock slid between her thighs and was immediately bathed in the warm sticky nectar of my goddess. As I played with her breasts and kissed her neck she squirmed on my cock trying to slip it inside herself. 

But all too soon we heard Bob and Heather call out "Time!"

Reluctantly, we broke and I picked up the cards, shuffled them quickly and dealt them out.

Bob lost and Heather won. So Heather began to strut around the table. When she got to Bob, she spun him around to put his back to her and she reached around to play with his tits. OMG, she was making fun of what I had just done to Carole. I loved it and started to laugh. Before the time was up, she spun Bob around and turned herself so that she could slide his dick into her cunt. The way it went in and the way she shuddered, there was no doubt that Heather came instantly.

"Time!" cried Carole. 

I had forgotten to watch the timer, but she didn't.

Heather slid Bob out and gave him a quick kiss before they went to pick up the cards I was dealing.

It was down to Heather and me to fight it out to be the winner. Given Heather's mercurial nature there was no telling what she would want if she was the winner. I liked to think I had the advantage as I still had socks on. Heather had nothing left.

We ended up the middle on the next hand as Bob won and Carole lost. Although I am not sure you can really say Carole lost. Bob just walked over, picked Carole up and slid his cock into her as she wrapped her legs around his waist. A couple quick strokes and she was coming and squirting. 

I suppose this is as good a time to mention a small detail about Bob. His cock has an unusual bend right on the end. It bends up just like a G-spot vibrator that Heather has. His cock naturally rubs right on most ladies' G-spots. So it is not unusual for them to squirt. I don't understand the mechanisms all that well even though I have read up on it and Heather and I have tried to find hers. Bob was a natural G-spot vibrator. Naturally this makes him somewhat of a favorite among the ladies.

Before he could get his rocks off, Heather yelled "Time."

We heard some very naughty words grumbled by both of them, but they were good sports and broke. 

The next hand Bob lost and I won so we passed on activities by mutual consent.

Heather lost the next hand and Carole won. I thought that would be the end of it, but Carole insisted on winners rights. She came over and started kissing Heather, then helped her gently to the floor and then straddled Heather's face while burying her tongue in Heather's love canal. 

This was new. Carole had never shown any interest in girl-girl action before. I looked over at Bob with a question mark look. 

He never took his eyes off the girls, but he must have seen my look. 

"It started about 6 months ago," he said. "A friend of hers came over and they were watching porn and drinking wine and there was a lesbian scene and one thing led to another. She doesn't do it with everyone, but when she is in the mood, she loves to give and receive head with another lady."

The sand timer was empty and I couldn't tell when it happened. I hadn't been watching the timer. Can you blame me?

"Um, time," I called out feebly. 

"Screw that." Bob said, "By the way, you won. Go collect your winnings and fuck Carole. I'm going to have her suck my cock before I slide it into Heather."

And he got up and did just that.

I walked over and positioned myself behind Carole, but before I slid into her, Heather pulled my cock down and licked it like a lollypop. She then rubbed it back and forth in Carole's dripping wet gash. I almost didn't make it inside her before I was shooting pulse after pulse of my seed inside her warm wet pussy. 

Looking down to watch my cock slide in and out of Carole as I came, I could see Heather's eyes roll back into her head as she moaned through her orgasm. With one last throb of my cock, Carole shook and as I watched, she squirted all over Heather's face. I had never seen that before and I was mesmerized for a moment.

I pulled out of Carole and slid back so I could put my face next to Heather's. I began to slowly lick Carole's ejaculate off of Heather's face. 

Just as I finished the one side of her face, Heather's eyes opened wide and she started saying "Oh my gawd, oh my gawd, oh my gawd," over and over again before just lapsing into moans.

I had just started licking the other side of her face when I heard Carole's voice say "Good girl, you're squirting."

I had to see this so I quickly moved up just in time to see the last little spurt bounce off of Bob's pubic bone and splash on Heather's tummy.

I was speechless. We had tried so hard to have Heather learn how to squirt and she never seemed to be able to. But here with Bob and Carole she was finally able to. I just wanted to hug her and squeeze her and kiss her. 

Just then Bob pulled out of Heather and pointed his dick at Carole. She got the hint and quickly sucked the end of his cock into her mouth and flicked her tongue all around it. It was almost an instantaneous reaction as he grabbed the shaft of his penis and it started to throb in her mouth.

As if in a trance, I reached out and scooped up some of Heather's ejaculate off her tummy and put it in my mouth. It was different than Carole's. It was sweeter and more musky tasting with a very familiar flavor. 

And then it hit me. I had tasted this before with Heather. One of the games we play with each other is that we will tease each other mercilessly all day and finally it gets too much and we get down to it. Sometimes we just fuck and it is just pure animal to animal rutting. And sometimes, I will just throw her down on the bed or the couch or the floor and pull her legs apart and eat her cunt like a starving man. Once in a while after she has come several times her pussy gets incredibly wet and it tastes like this. 

So apparently she does squirt, but she is not a fountain in the koi pond kind of squirt. It is more of a pool overflowing its rim kind of squirting. More gentle and less spurting. 

I was snapped back to reality as Bob pulled out of Carole's mouth with a thin thread of his semen attached to her lip like a spider thread. He sat back and let out a long exhale that sounded like, "Oh my gawd that was awesome."

Carole unfolder her legs from the kneeling position she had been in when she sucked Bob's dick and lay on her side on the carpet staring at me. Have I mentioned how perfect her breasts are? With tiny beads of sweat slowly running down to her nipples, pooling then leaping off, she looked fucking amazing. There wasn't room in my heart for jealousy, but Bob was the luckiest man alive to have this gorgeous creature and the most generous to share her.

Heather slowly sat up, turned and kissed me then licked a drop of semen pooling on Bob's dick. She turned and lay down next to Carole and began kissing her. Carole's hand reached out and began caressing Heather's breast. 

Bob and I sat mesmerized watching our girls make out. Without thinking, I had reached my hand down and was stroking my dick back into hardness.

Carole broke the kiss and spoke, "Bob, please go get some lube. I want James to fuck my ass while I cuddle with Heather."

Bob shook his head, processed the words and stood up to go get the requested item.

I sat there stroking my dick unable to believe what I was hearing. Carole had never shown any interest in anal sex in all the times we had gotten together. In fact, she was very non-anal. She had watched as Bob fucked Heather in the ass a couple of times and I had inserted a finger past her sphincter a couple of times but she never wanted to go any farther.

Bob was back and began to spread a thick lube between Carole's ass cheeks. He waved me over and handed me the bottle. I knelt down by Carol's ass and began to massage it and run my thumb between her cheeks. 

I leaned down and kissed her shoulder as Heather sucked one of Carole's titties into her mouth. 

"Mmmmmmmmmmmggghhh," was Carole's response to the titty sucking and my thumb beginning to nudge into her anus. 

"Please be gentle," Carole whispered, "I've only had fingers in my ass and never a cock."

As I slid my thumb deeper into her, I leaned in and kissed her cheek and said softly, "I promise."

I pulled my thumb out and got a little more lube drizzled right on her brown eye. Before it could run away I used my thumb to circle her pucker and slid the tip of my thumb in. 

Using circular motions I stretched her asshole out and then slid my thumb in slowly but steadily until it was in almost up to the third joint. I continued making circles with my thumb while sliding it in and out stretching her sphincter, feeling it gently relax and expand. 

I looked over and I could see Bob doing similar things to Heather's ass and I knew he was going to fuck my wife's ass while I fucked his wife's ass. It sounds strange, but he had confided in me years ago that he felt guilty when he fucked Heather's ass and I couldn't fuck Carole's. He had said that the sexiest, dirtiest, most powerful thing he could think of would be to watch me fuck Carole's ass while he was balls deep in Heather's. Tonight he was going to get his wish.

I pulled my thumb out and inserted a couple of fingers to continue stretching Carole's ass and get her ready for my cock. Looking at Bob I decided I had waited long enough. His cock was throbbing and if he hadn't come earlier in Carole's mouth he would have already shot his wad all over the girls. I quickly slid all of my fingers into Carole, initiating her into the four finger club.

I leaned down and whispered to Carole, "Are you sure?"

She nodded and I grabbed a pillow off the couch and rolled her onto her back with her butt lifted onto the pillow. Heather got up on her knees raising her butt to Bob. She continued playing with Carole's tits. Sucking on one and stoking and pulling the nipple of the other. 

I lifted Carole's legs up to give me a better angle as her ass and told her, "Reach back and grab your ass cheeks and spread your ass for me."

As she complied I started to rub my cock across the rough surface of her anal orifice. It was still gaping from my fingers so I slipped the head of my rock hard cock into her opening. 

She inhaled and held her breath and I got the head just inside. She started to tighten up and clench her sphincter.

I looked down and caught her eyes and said, "Just relax and feel the sensations. It is going to feel weird, but if you push out like you are trying to take a crap, it will make it easier. Believe it or not but my cock is smaller than the fingers I had inside you before."

While I was distracting her, I was sliding the head of my cock in and out and going deeper with every stroke.

"Carole, look at Heather," I said softly. "Heather, how deep is Bob in your ass?"

"Ung he is all the way in me. Ohhh and it feeeeelss ssoooo ggoooodd. Oghhh, he just pulled all the way out and now he is stretching me as he pushes that dick ahhh, all thhheeee wwaayyy backkk innssiiidee mmmeeeee. III lovovee iittt. Fuuck my assss Bob. Fuuuckkk mmmeeee!"
