 Time and date didn't matter; even the night club they were in didn't seem to matter. It started to fade into the background as he looked into her eyes and felt every fiber of his person need her, want her, scream for her. It was stronger than anything he felt, and it almost scared him.

She was small, with a nice build, deep brown eyes that matched her soft brown hair, that fell past her ears. Her face was almost angelic, with the shape of her eyes and the slip of her smile, her freckles endearing him.

She was slim, athletic, and great tits. They had been slow dancing for awhile but both needed a break before their urges took over. The kissing had been deep and passionate, hands roaming each other's bodies until awareness kicked back in. Now they sat at the bar smiling at each other, wanting each other, but too concerned to take the first move.

He had asked to come home with him, but she was staying with her friend and needed to stay here. He wasn't sure if it was a rejection, but his body told him to push on. He had brought his car to town that day, and left it in an open car park, it wouldn't be an ideal spot, but he needed her more then he cared.

They left the club and walked silently to the car, both needing what was about to happen but unwilling to break the spell by talking about it. Finally after what seemed like an age they got there, he unlocked it and leaned in against her pushing her up against the outside of the car and kissing her lips. She responded with the same passion he felt, like a hunger waiting to burst out and take over his body.

Her tongue was soft up against him, her hands roaming and feeling his body, he held her head as he kissed her passionately, deeply, their breath coming in short gasps, their teeth biting and nibbling lips and they caught their breath. The feeling of her body up against his, the warmth, its heat, its need consumed them.

He moved his left hand to grasp her breast and she gasped, kissing now with a need. His right hand reached behind and unfastened her bra, his passion making his hands clumsy. When he put his hand under her top he moaned in passion, her breasts felt so good, so soft, so tender, her nipples tight from need. 

Slipping down he took each nipple in his mouth, sucking, tasting nibbling, he wanted more, and she moaned, running her hands through his hair, and rocking her body towards his. He could feel his urge building, and so could she, switching places she kissed him while she undid the buttons of this jeans pulling them apart, and reaching into his boxers to grasp his cock in one hand and balls with the other.

She moaned with him, her hands felt so good, as they began their encouraging movement. Her left hand gently holding his balls while she moved her right hand with purpose. Her gasp was strong and sure, rubbing the top of his cock with her thumb, it felt so good.

He was close, she knew from his breathing and movement, increasing her movements, faster, harder, just what he needed. His heart was racing his mind unfocused with the oncoming wave of ecstasy. 

At the last moment she dropped to her knees and plunged his shaft deep into her throat, he had never felt anything like it, and it drove him over the edge. He came hard, fast and long, and she stayed right where she was until every last drop was collected, and swallowed.

Opening the car door she grinned, and told him to sit down and take off his jeans. He climbed into the back seat, it was small but left plenty of room. Still hot and flushed from what had happened, he watch as she pushed down the passenger seat, removed her black panties, hitched up her knee length skirt, and sat on the now folded seat in front of him.

He was beginning to wan after all the excitement, she knew this, but she had pleased him and now she was only going to worry about herself. She moved her hand to her pussy and slid one finger all the way in, it felt so wet, so warm, so right. Then she repeated the motion with two fingers. That was better. Moving her finger up, she massaged her hard clit, she needed this so bad. She began to work it faster and faster, watching him grow harder, and it turned her on even more.

She put her leg up on the seat between his legs, continued to rub her clit with her right hand, and moved her left hand down to plunge her thumb inside her. Her breath coming short now as she neared climax, eyes closing, she didn't even look over to see that he was beginning to work his shaft, he was ready.

Without warning he moved on top and plunged himself inside her, she shook with the pleasure, so hard, so warm, so deep, just what she needed. She slid all the way out, before he plunged back in hard, yes, that's it, and he felt it too. They found their rhythm, moving against each other, kissing, nibbling, gasping, biting, scratching, pounding, pulling with passion, she was close, so close.

She shook from the climax that broke over her, releasing everything, she moaned, and came hard, gasping for breath, nails digging into his shoulders, head thrown back, white dots exploding in her vision. She knew, she could feel it, and she wanted and liked it, he had cum too, a second time, and lay exhausted and sweaty on the back seat.

She wiggled to make sure she got every drop, then slowly slid off him, she was so wet. She smiled at him, stepping out of the steamed up car and fixed herself, wrote her number on the window, and went back to the club to meet her friend.