 This story is a fictional account containing fictional names. For the military readers with the same name and rank that view this story, I assure you that this is entirely coincidental.

My name is Master Sgt. Fuller, United States Air Force. At 33, I'm probably one of the youngest Master Sergeants in the Air Force, and had one of the most interesting experiences during basic training, at least for me. At the time, I'd only had one steady girlfriend, for whom I left upon departing for boot camp. This particular experience was about fifteen years ago, but is as fresh in my mind as the blowjob I received last night from my wife.

It was about 4:45 in the morning, and everyone had scrambled out of their beds and stumbled downstairs at the sound of Reveille blasting over the P.A. speaker. It was another clear, but humid morning on Lackland Air Force Base. The sound of TIs (training instructors) could be heard in the distance, already marching their formations to that familiar cadence....."HUT, two, three, four.....HUT, two three, four....."

Disorganized and still half asleep, our little gaggle of recruited airmen fell into formation. This was our fifth week in basic training. We were wearing our attire for calisthenics, but we were about to go into the chow hall for breakfast. Then she appeared. She was a bitch. She was our TI, Staff Sgt. Hatchell. Behind her back, we all called her "the hatchet." She was a misfit and backbreaker, and had a reputation for chopping recruits off at the knees. Her methods were sometimes extreme and unorthodox. She broke the more "recruiter-friendly" rules of boot camp to instill core values, but she still managed to fly under the radar and not get found out. Her being one of the few female TIs on the base, she probably had some unspoken pull with the higher-ups.

She was average height for a woman, with a lot of attitude. She was far from a bombshell, but doable. And once you've been sex deprived, things start to look good. She had a pointed nose and a pale face, which stood out against her dark brown hair. Twenty-seven years old, she was bucking for her next stripe, which she failed the exam for twice already. We died laughing when we heard about that, since she was such a bitch, but at the same time, we'd joke about how she wasn't getting any nookie and that being another reason she was so bitchy. We'd pick at each other, saying that she'd pick on us on particular occasions because she wanted to fuck us at the time. She enjoyed being in charge and taking her anger out on us.

We went in and quickly ate breakfast, then fell back into formation outside. This was going to suck, because doing PT (physical training) after breakfast was hardly ever a good thing. We'd lose our breakfast on the two mile run or damn near pass out from indigestion. Some of us would line up at the port-a-potties along the street or act like we were tying our shoes, just to give us a break from running, but all the TIs were hip to that trick. She would yell, "Airman Fuller, move your ass!" I was mildly intimidated by her, but when I or my comrades didn't immediately comply, some very much bigger male TIs would step in and back her up. That would nearly make me piss my pants.

This particular time, I very much admired her current state. I found this to be somewhat strange, because I felt that she really wasn't my type. Her back had a patch of sweat that trickled down to her ass, and a thinner strip continued down the crack of her shorts. Her nipples were rigid on her medium tits, like an extra pair of eyes. She never obeyed the rules for wearing standard issue underwear. She must've been wearing a paper thin bra and a thong in this instance. She wanted guys to get hard as they ran the two-mile. I know she caught me staring after she chewed me out for stopping at the port-a-potties. She just curled her lip in a smirk and continued her run, yelling at other recruits.

Later that day, we had a surprise inspection with the squadron commander. We had the reputation of being one of the sharpest flights in the squadron, so he wanted to see for himself. Sgt. Hatchell called us to attention, and she and the commander made their rounds. After a few minutes, they made it around to me. My uniform was crisp, and my boots were so shiny you could see the reflection of satellites floating in space. The squadron commander complimented me on my appearance, and then the hatchet added her two cents:

"Not bad. And about this morning.....I saw you looking. While I was showering, I couldn't help but get off on your adoration. My clit is so swollen right now."

Was she crazy? If the commander only knew what she was whispering while he was preoccupied with inspecting the airman next to me, he'd go ballistic. This was what she thrived on. Pushing the envelope and getting so close to the brink of being reprimanded but barely scraping by. Why someone would endanger their career by playing these games is beyond me. She continued inspecting with the commander as if nothing happened, leaving me stirring inside my underwear. 

The following day, we had drill practice for upcoming graduation. Sgt. Hatchell arranged for the TI of our neighboring troops upstairs to march both his and our troops to the drill field. I had no idea why she did this, because she seemed well and able to march us herself. But I was about to find out why. She had all the troops head downstairs to fall into formation.

"Fuller, you stay your ass here, we've got to talk," she said. Recruits nervously glanced in our direction as they left the dorm, fearing that I might wash out. Washing out sucked. Depending on the severity of the offense you committed, you were set back a few weeks. It's like a TI hitting the reset button to your training to a particular week. But I did nothing to warrant being washed out.

After everyone cleared the dorm, she went inside the TI's office and partially closed the door. She was in there for what seemed like forever, although it was only about a minute.

"In here, NOW!" she commanded.

I was about to piss my pants. I had no idea what brought this on. Then she started on me.....

"You know, there's always that airman that I keep my eye on. I keep my eye on them for a reason. Fuller, you've impressed me. You're a sharp airman. You can go very far in my Air Force. You may even become an officer if that's what you want. But to get there, you have to avoid fucking up. And the other day during our run, YOU FUCKED UP!"

I was nervous, thinking her next words would entail my being washed back. TI's are known for playing head games. You could've done something right and they'll turn it into a crime. She began crowding my space as she continued.

"Yeah, you fucked up. You wanna know how you fucked up, Fuller?"

"Y-yes ma- -"

"What happened to your reporting statement? Always begin with your reporting statement, airman!" she yelled. Of course, I knew this, but I was too nervous to remember this basic protocol that I learned the night I got there.

"Ma'am, Airman Fuller reports as ordered. Yes ma'am, how did I screw up?"

She pointed at me, pressing her index finger into my chest. "You looked at me. You fucked around and got my nipples so hard and got me so hot. I beat my clit up getting off on you!"

I thought this was ridiculous, but despite that fact, my cock was on the rise. It couldn't be stopped, I liked that I had this effect on her, or so I thought I had that effect. Who would've imagined the hatchet preying on a recruit.....me?

"Turn around," she said with authority. I nervously complied. Then it got quiet for a moment. Then suddenly, I felt a firm grab against my ass, followed by a lust-filled gasp escaping her lips. "Ahhhh, you have such a tight ass, just like I saw during your uniform fitting."

Now this really caught me by surprise. When we got our camouflage uniforms on the second day, we had to strip completely naked. Any females of authority that were present had to turn away or leave the room until we were done. I guess she chose to just "turn away," but still took a peak. I was becoming more unsettled in my trousers. Although she was just average and plain looking, she was becoming a hottie, and I began to imagine what was under that uniform.

I could hear her move away, so I turned around to see her beginning to unbutton her camouflage top. She was biting her lip, but it looked awkward coming from her. She was really trying to be sexy about this. Although it didn't seem that she was doing a good job at it, it still kept me hot that she was trying. Now that I think about it, she actually seemed a little nervous. Once she was finished, she motioned for me to "come here" with her finger. I moved toward her, and she grabbed my hands and guided them, having me open her top and push it down her back onto the desk. I was delighted with what was underneath -- a brown military t-shirt that was cut off just below her breasts. Her nipples were incredibly hard, like miniature dice that seemed to cling to the inside of the shirt. All I could do was stare at them in awe.

She leaned back, a signal to accept her offering. I moved the shirt over her left breast. The shirt seemed to rip away from the hard nipple as if they were glued together. I licked, and then sucked on the hard, wrinkled nipple. It was delicious. I couldn't believe how sweet it was. Strawberry flavored. Now I know why she was in the office by herself before calling me in. She rubbed a strawberry glaze on her nipples. At this discovery, I lapped at the nipple, then the other, while she gasped in relief. She must have been waiting quite some time for me to calm the burning in her tits. Finally, she wasn't so "hardcore," she seemed more feminine for a change.

Then she moved me aside and got up to take down her trousers. She turned around, facing away from me. Then she squirmed her ass out of it, revealing two pale white, but nicely curved set of cheeks, wearing a camouflage thong. She struggled to get out of the trousers, still wearing her combat boots. Then, continuing to try and be seductive, bent over, wiggled her butt, and then smacked one of her own cheeks.

"A little beyond 'standard issue,' don't you think?" she asked, trying to soften her voice, which was raspy from constantly yelling at recruits. "Not too bad if I say so myself." It was over. I wanted her. I was enthralled in the site of her ass cheek turning red, and the aching of my dick was nearly making me angry.

I fumbled to remove my boots and trousers, my Air Force issued Fruit of the Looms still on. I walked over, camouflage top still on, and cupped her crotch with my hand. She returned the favor, and upon feeling my hardness, exclaimed, "Holy shit! Is that all you?" I gave her no answer, I only moved her thong to the side, and admired her engorged clit. It was a pretty sizeable clit, contained within the smaller folds of her labia. I licked at the nub, and then plunged my tongue into her sweet spot, discovering yet another surprise, a chocolaty surprise. She stuffed a couple of Hershey's miniatures into her pussy, which was now a hot, thick liquid, seeping out onto my mouth and chin.

I couldn't believe this woman. She came prepared. If she wanted to make me want her, she did a hell of a job. She literally tasted delicious. I began assaulting her pussy with my tongue, trying to drain the confectionary gooeyness. I was beginning to lose myself for a moment, until she stopped me and stood me up, at which point I finally pulled off my tighty whities. To my relief and her astonishment, my cock sprung itself loose. I hadn't been that hard since I'd discovered masturbation at 13.

She wrapped her hand around the shaft near the head of my pulsating rod, barely getting it all the way around. She leaned forward and licked the precum that was now oozing out of it. Then her hot mouth enveloped my cock, relieving yet further agonizing me with oral stimulation. I could swear she'd done this before. She was doing it superbly, with plenty of tongue flicking and a little bit of teething against my sensitive head. I loved the slightly stinging sensations along with a blowjob. Her novice oral skills then began to show themselves when she went for the deep throat. She tried three times, going too fast, and choked herself. It still felt good as hell, briefly fucking the back of her throat. Now that my cock was screaming to get off, I pulled her to the edge of the table, widening her legs. She looked into my eyes.

"Be gentle," she said in her rough, but trying to be feminine voice. 'What?' I thought. Those are the famous words of the "big 'V'." Surely, with Sgt. Hatchell's reputation and age, she'd have several dicks under her belt by now. I didn't want to believe that she, of all people, was pure.

"Don't question me, airman!" she admonished, noticing the bewildered expression on my face. "Yes, this is my first time, and I'm sure even at your age you've had your share. Do me the same way you'd do them, understand?" I'd only had one girl, but I was still up to the challenge.

"Yes ma'am," I said eagerly. The thought of having this pale-skinned, 27 year old tomboyish virgin on the other end of my six and three-quarter inches had me visibly throbbing. My dick bobbed up and down, as even more blood rushed to the head, turning it maroon, and giving it a subtle burn from being overstretched.

She watched as I was beginning to take her cherry, her mouth opening, bracing for penetration. My head made it in, and her vaginal entrance immediately clamped down on it. I pushed forward some more, then some more. Her pussy's resistance only made my cock harder. Then, with one solid push, I drilled myself the rest of the way in.

"Ahhhhhh fuck!" she shouted, her hymen now broken. Scared that I might have hurt her, I pulled out. She looked at me, frustrated.

"Airman, what the hell are you doing?" she asked. "I arranged for us to be here to fuck. Now take that insane cock and fuck!" She didn't have to ask me twice. And now, this was a good opportunity to get a little revenge for all the verbal bitch slaps she'd given to me and my comrades over the last few weeks.

"Yes, sergeant," I replied. I slid myself back into her and immediately established a flowing rhythm. She threw her head back, already getting over the pain of being popped.

She began to babble, "Oh shit.....fuck. I can't believe I waited this long....cock's so good!" I wasn't that experienced, but enough to know that when I started to feel her inner walls close in on my girth that she was already about to cum. She grabbed my arms, which were planted on both sides of her, and began pulling herself into me, her ass streaking against the desk. "Oh, oh, oh, it's happening! It's happening!" she yelled. Her areolas became incredibly goose bumped, as her first powerful intercourse orgasm shook her. She was literally shaking.

"Oh my god Airman Fuller, what are you doing to me?" she said euphorically. Dazed and out of breath, she tried to compose herself. "Let up on me airman!" she demanded as she was coming to. Not a chance. She made this bed, now she had to lie in it. I kept fucking her. Shortly after, her protests were fading, as the stimulation of my continued onslaught of her pussy began to quell them. She was coming around, and wanting me to continue feeding myself into her. "Fill me up, Fuller," said the sergeant, clinching her teeth. It took no time at all before I felt that pleasurable clinch onto my dick again, followed by, "Oh, oh, oh goddddd! You're doing it again!" The pleasure from this climax must have been excruciating, as she was feverishly moving about on the desk, as if to try and flee. This second climax weakened her, and she didn't bother trying to make me stop.

I was ready to bust my load, but I wanted to leave my mark making her cum a third time, so I began plunging my dick into her. I toyed with her a time or two, pulling all the way out, then throwing it back in, making her arch her back in pleasure with her beautiful nips poking out at me. Like clockwork, her inexperienced pussy was about to let go once again, as was I. Her breathing was rapid, her moaning, broken. I was beginning to think about other encounters we could have before I left the base after graduating, and all the different positions I could fuck her in. I suddenly wanted to be the one that showed her these things. With that thought, I was on the verge of cumming.

Her formerly pure pussy knew that she was feeling something different as my cock grew and was ready to spurt, at which point she began grunting, her eyes closing tightly and her nipples once again becoming harder and goose bumped as her convulsing waves were about to consume her again. I held out while she jerked around, letting it take over her. I immediately pulled out of her drenched pussy and sprayed stream upon powerful stream of cum all over her, some of it hitting her neck and lower face. She sat up and observed the mess we made....cum, her juices, and traces of chocolate running off the side of the desk. She coyly looked at me, while seemingly trying to "sneak" a taste of my cum, fingering some from her chin to her mouth.

"Not bad," she said, winking her eye. "We have to clean this shit up before everyone gets back. Oh.....and there's a few more things I want you to show me before you graduate." That was music to my ears. We then began tidying things up. I thoroughly enjoyed the last several days in basic training. It was as if I became the TI, and Sgt. Hatchell was my personal recruit. I'm not really sure what happened to Sgt. Hatchell, maybe she retired. But I know one thing, as awkward as it may have seemed, she was the sweetest fuck I've ever had. Not to take anything away from my wife, though, but what a way to break in a new recruit.