 Miss Jones came on duty that night not knowing what to expect. Many of her patients were scheduled to go home that day and since she worked the midnight shift they would be gone before she reported to work. In report she learned that she had several new patients including a young man who was quite anxious about being in the hospital. It was suggested that she evaluate him and perhaps give him extra attention. 

After report, she organized her work load then made her rounds, saving him for last. As she approached his room she noticed that the door was closed, but heard heavy breathing. Not knowing what to expect, she quietly entered the room. The room was dark except for the night light in the bathroom, and the curtain was pulled around the bed. 

“Mr. Colby,’ she whispered softly. “I’m Miss Jones, your nurse for the night.” There was no reply and thinking he might be in trouble she parted the curtain. 

He hadn’t heard her soft whispers and was furiously pulling at his cock, while revisiting his favorite fantasy. When he heard the rings of the curtain being pulled back he immediately tried to stuff it into his pajama bottoms. 

It was too late, she had seen his huge erection and quickly realized what he had been doing. “I’m terribly sorry for interrupting you, Mr. Colby. I heard heavy breathing and when you didn’t answer me, I thought you were in trouble. I’ll leave you to your privacy now.” 

“Please wait. I’m so embarrassed and was only trying to get some relief This is the first time I have ever been in a hospital and I'm overly anxious.” Looking at her name tag, he said, “Miss Jones, you won’t tell anyone will you?”

“Mr. Colby, I know you’re embarrassed. It’s my job as your nurse to make sure you are comfortable so that your stay here will be satisfactory and as stress free as possible. Let me see if I can solve this dilemma for you. I’ll return in a few minutes.”

When she turned her back to walk away he noticed how she was dressed, short white uniform with white stockings, white nurse shoes and her nurse cap. Not many nurses dress like a nurse anymore and he was impressed. As she walked past the bright bathroom nightlight he could see through her uniform She wore no slip and he saw the white garter belt holding up the white stockings covering her shapely legs. His cock began to stir again. 

Formulating a care plan in her head as she walked to the Nurses Station, she took out a Care Plan sheet and began writing. 

      Step one in the Care Plan: PROBLEM

Erect Penis, brought on by extreme horniness, and seeking relief of anxiety due to hospitalization.

      Step two in the plan of care: ALLEVIATE PROBLEM 

Bring about needed relief of horniness and anxiety by gaining patients participation in own care. 

         Step Three: STEPS TO MANAGE CARE.

Nurse will give TLC and attend to patient’s needs..

She entered the patient’s room and locked the door behind her before walking to the bedside. “Mr. Colby, I’m going to inform you of my plan to relieve your anxiety and explain what is going to happen and what I expect of you to bring this problem to a conclusion.” 

“Yes, Miss Jones, I’m listening and I will cooperate fully with your plan of action.” 

‘Was that a slight smile I just saw?’ she thought. “Mr. Colby, you must expose your erection.”

“Miss Jones, I’m very shy and don’t understand how exposing myself will help.”

“Leave that to me,” she said. “I’ll help you with these covers.” As she turned back the covers she 'accidentally' brushed his penis with the back of her hand, and it came to life. Smiling to herself, she openly stared at it, not believing how enormous and thick it was. She licked her lips and thought how wonderful it would feel in her mouth and especially how wonderful it would feel pounding her pussy. 

The patient read her expression and it was his turn to smile to himself. He noticed how hard her nipples had become through her tight white uniform and thought, ‘Could it be possible she really wants me?’ His erection grew harder. Her respiration increased. 

Playing along, he said, "Is the head of my cock supposed to turn purple like that? "Yes", she replied, explaining to him again that she needed his compliance He nodded in agreement, and smiled at her watching his cock. 

“Do I have your permission to touch your hard cock?”

“Yes, Miss Jones, you certainly do.”

She took it into her hand and giving it a gentle squeeze. He moaned slightly. She didn't verbally tell him how turned on she was, but let him know by licking her lips and smiling at him. 

His heart skipped a beat when she let go of his cock and unbuttoned the front of her uniform. She wore no bra, her breasts were bare and her nipples hard. He held his breath and his eyes were glued to her bosom.. She leaned over him and gave him a breath with her mouth covering his. He responded and tongue fucked her mouth. Taking her shoulders into his hands and pulling her close to himself, he slowly slid his hands down her upper arms then over to her breasts. He carressed them and heard her inhale deeply. “MMMMmmm, Miss Jones, your breasts are perfect, so soft and creamy.”

She gasped and closed her eyes when he rolled the hard nubs between his fingers. He pulled her on top of him and whispered into her ear. "I want to fuck you". 

She stood by his bedside and let her uniform dress fall to the floor, as they locked eyes. The only thing that remained was the white garter belt, the white stockings, white heeled shoes, and her white nurse cap.

He slowly gazed at her from head to foot and back up to her eyes. "You’re beautiful,” he said. 

Sitting on the empty bed next to him, she started to remove her stockings.

“Wait, Miss Jones. Please don’t take them off or your cap or shoes either. You look so sexy like that.”

‘Yes, I’ll leave them on if you wish.” 

His cock became hard as steel when she turned around and bent over slightly to smooth the bedspread on the bed she had sat on. The straps on the garter belt holding up her stockings were stretched along the length her heartshaped ass, an ass as white as her uniform. He groaned as his hand went to his cock.

Turning around and facing him, she watched as he stroked his erection and felt wetness gather between her legs. ‘Oh my,’ she thought to herself, ‘it’s so big and hard. I can’t let that go to waste. I want him!!’

“Mr. Colby, may I help you with that?” 

Lying back with his head on the pillow he said, “Yes, Miss Jones, you certainly may.” 

Climbing onto the bed, she straddled him, one knee on either side of his hips. Bending over and bracing herself with her hands, her volumptuous breasts being pulled down my gravity, her face now even with his face, she kissed him, a long soft kiss. Her breasts were grazing his chest, her hard nipples being caressed by his chest hair. 

He held her face hostage with his hands and kissed her hard, with urgency. A deep, wet, scorching kiss, with his tongue finding hers and thoroughly examining the inside of her mouth. 

The passionate kiss took her breath away. Her pussy lips were swollen and throbbing and she was so wet it seemed to her that her sweet nectar was dripping out of her. Wanting him to know how he affected her and wanting him to feel how wet she was, she sat on his stomach and slid down to just above his pubic hair, her juices leaving a shinny trail on his hot skin. His steel hard cock was resting against her ass crack. 

“Damn, Miss Jones, you’re so hot!” 

He reached for her breasts and fondled them, weighing them in his hands, before sitting up and sucking each nipple, first one and then the other, giving each hard nub his full attention Squeezing each breast with his hands, he looked at her. Her head was thrown back and she was maoning. He could feel how wet and how hot her juices were on his skin. His hands still on her breasts, he squeezed them together and taking both nipples into his mouth at the same time, sucked hard! Her loud moans drove him crazy with need. 

“I need you Miss Jones! I need you now!!” 

Raising her beautiful ass off his body, she hovered above him for what seemed to him an eternity, then slowly lowered herself onto his waiting cock, as he fondled and sucked her breasts. She threw her head back to give him complete access to her lovely body while wiggling down his shaft. With one hard thrust his cock was all the way inside her, knocking the breath out of her. Her pussy was tight, very tight and hot, and he was in heaven! 

She began moving slowly at first, up and down, squeezing him with her inner muscles, then faster and faster still. His cock was touching her cervix with each downward thrust and massaging her G-spot with each upward movement. She was wild with lust and rode him like there was no tomorrow. Faster and faster! Her skin glistened with perspiration and her curly blonde hair was a jungle of color around her beautiful face.

He thrust his hips to meet her, pounding her hard, his rigid cock hitting all the right places. She whimpered with delight and was close to climaxing, but climbed off him, turned around, and took his cock into her mouth. She licked it tasting her own juices, then buried it in her mouth, all the way to the back of her throat, and beyond. He held her head as she deep throated him, thrusting his hips upward, deeper and deeper into her throat. 

Suddenly he stopped and commanded her to lie on her back and spread her legs wide. She did. 

He looked at her wet pussy and said, “I want to taste you.” and lowering his head his tongue licked her firmly from ass to clit. She whimpered with delight. He found her hard nub and began teasing it with his tongue, alternating between licking, nibbling and sucking. He stuck his tongue into her pussy and tongue fucked her, then went back to her clit sucking harder. 

She moaned and whimpered and rocked her hips in a rhythmic motion, unable to lay still. Her arms were above her head in complete surrender and her lovely breasts were bouncing with each movement. 

“Suck me hard....harder....please don’t stop....please...I’m going to come.” 

Her body stiffened and one convulsion after another shook her body as she screamed, unable to contain herself. He reached up and kissed her, swallowing her screams. 

Precome was dripping from his cock and he had to have her and he had to have her now! 

“Get on your hands and knees, Miss Jones, I’m going to fuck you and I’m going to fuck you hard.” 

He did. His cock going in deep. Sooooooo deeeeeep. She was unbelievably tight. He fucked her with abandon as she met each thrust. He loved the sound their juices made as he fucked her. They climaxed together. Hard!!! It seemed like it would never end, as wave after wave sent them into ecstasy. She collapsed onto her stomach and he lay on top of her, his cock lying between her ass cheeks, both of them sweating and panting. He was still hard and so hot he couldn’t stand it. 

“Miss Jones, I have to have all of you. Turn over and lay on your back.” 

Spreading her legs he entered her portal with one long hard push and fucked her wet pussy like a madman. The feel and the sound of his balls slapping her ass mixed with her moans was almost more than he could handle.

Slowing down and coming to a complete stop, he lay on her body crushing her breasts with his hairy chest, while supporting himself with forearms at either side of her, and kissed her tenderly. 

She felt him slowly withdraw from her pussy and the head of his still, steel hard cock, nudging her anus, her come juice and his come juice trickling out her pussy and lubricating it.

“May I Miss Jones? May I fuck your ass?” 

His heart pounded when she nodded, yes.

“Look into my eyes Miss Jones and don’t take your eyes off mine. I want to watch your face and look into your eyes while my hard cock is invading your most private and vulnerable area. Are you ready to have the best ass fucking you have ever had?”

His eyes were mesmerizing, looking deep into her very being. “Yes, but please be careful and don’t hurt me.”

“I won’t hurt you. I’ll take you very slowly and very easily and very sweetly.” He raised his hips to position himself and slowly entered her anus with just the head of his cock. “Relax now so that tight muscle will let me in. Yes, that’s it. Okay, now I’m going to push my cock into you a little at a time. Here goes.” 

She felt his cock stretch her anus, felt his hard member claiming her ass as his own. Each inch he penetrated was another inch of pure bliss, the sensation so intense and exhilarating and too indescribable for mere words.

He continued slowly until his cock was completely buried in her, never taking his eyes off hers. He was enjoying watching her eyes widen with each small push, seeing the expression on her face, an expression of pure ecstasy, the look on a woman’s face that tells a man he’s doing everything right. Everytime he moved, her mouth opened and she took a deep breath, he could feel her tight muscle relax with each inspiration.

“I’m going to withdraw a bit now, Miss Jones, are you ready?” 

“Yes,” she answered breathlessly.

‘He feels so big inside me,’ she thought, ‘and so good, sexy!’

The sensation when he was slowly withdrawing his cock was wonderful. 

“Oh, Mr. Colby,” she whimpered. 

It was hard for her to keep her eyes opened and looking at him. His eyes were hooded, half closed, pupils dilated, the look that a person has when they are fully aroused. 

Slowly he fucked her ass, deeply inside and all the way out, except for the head of his cock that remained just inside her strong anal muscle. Again and again, in and out, in and out, in and out. He kissed her softly as he slowly he picked up speed, wanting to increase the wonderful sensations his cock was experiencing. 

‘Her ass is tight!’ he thought. ‘God, it’s so tight and strong!’

She loved what he was doing to her! His cock was driving her crazy! “I’m so turned on,” she said, “This is so sensual!” 

‘God, I’m going to come soon.’ she thought. 

Both had their eyes closed. The glorious sensations were too intense to keep them open. All they could do was bask in the wonder of the act.

He felt her arm go between their bodies and felt her finger furiously rubbing her clit. He picked up the pace and began sucking her hard nipples, while fucking her ass with abandon. 

She met each thrust. Her mouth wide open, her breathing labored and her head rolling from side to side on the pillow. ‘Oh God! God!! Oh God, I’m going to come now!!!’ Her legs stiffened and her body convulsed with each incredible wave of her orgasm.

Her legs stiffening made her inner muscles clamp down hard around his cock and the beginning of his orgasm rose and took him higher and higher until he exploded, his hot come spurting deep inside her ass. He pumped and pumped until she had milked him dry, then raised himself up and withdrew his cock from her ass, watching his come drip out of her expanded opening, watching her come running out of her delicious pussy. They lay in each other's arms...breathless. When they had gained their composure, she got up and straightened her stockings and cap, put her dress uniform on and tidied her hair as he gazed at her. When she was dressed, she looked at him and smiled a most bewitching smile. “Well Mr. Colby, is your tension relieved now?”

"Yes, for now. Thank you, Nurse.”

"My pleasure", she replied. The Care Plan had worked. She left his room with a smile on her face...knowing that she gave him the best possible care under the circumstances.

         Part 3 of the Care Plan: RESOLUTION

Back at her desk, she wrote in her Care Plan: Problem resolved. Patient is no longer horny, tense, anxious, or fearful of his surroundings.