 ******Happy Valentine's Day, baby******

He watched Shay's face as she rode him. She was getting that faraway look in her eyes and that subtle softness took over her features. As she picked up the pace of her gyrations on top of him, Ken slid his hands up her stomach, her skin glistening with sweat. Feeling his hands cup her breasts and press into her nipples, Shay bit down hard on her bottom lip. Her nipples had been teased, sucked, and nibbled almost to the point of being raw, but all she felt at the moment was intense pleasure throughout her entire body.

Ken kept up with Shay's rhythm as she undulated on top of him, moving under her to ensure that she could feel every last inch of him inside her as she got closer and closer. Her breathing became quick and shallow, telling him to continue just what he was doing to bring her there again. He felt her body begin to shake as she held her breath. Her wave was about to break, and he knew that it would take all he had to help her ride this one. Finally, it happened.

The tightness of Shay's pussy challenged Ken's self control whenever he was inside her. Feeling her cum on him, though, shattered any self control he had mustered every time. As the contractions of her pussy bore down on Ken like a vice, his own orgasm took him completely by surprise. He closed his eyes tight and saw a flash of bright white light as she pulled his cum from him. Each hot jet shooting into her depths only served to bring on more spasms for her, and for a brief few moments, their mutual orgasm had made them one.

Shay collapsed in a heap on Ken's chest, feeling the sweat cool her skin as she rested for a moment. The smell of the jasmine candles that had been burning for hours had long ago been overpowered by the overwhelming smell of sex in the room. As they shared afterglow again, Shay felt Ken reach up and caress her slightly damp hair. As he held her on top of him, they each felt their breathing and heart rates return to normal. Shay finally rolled off of Ken, her head crashing into the pillow next to him. She looked into his eyes with no expression whatsoever on her face... there was none needed.

"We've been going at this for hours, baby" Ken whispered to her, with a slight sense of awe in his voice.

"Are you saying you can't hang?" Shay shot back, still with a blank stare.

"I think you know him better than that, Shay Shay, but I do think it's officially halftime. Time for a snack to get us ready for the second half, don't you think?"

"I am kinda hungry" Shay admitted. "What do you want? I'll slip into the kitchen and get it for you."

"What I want" Ken explained, "is for you to stay right here and not move. You're gonna need to save your energy. I'll be back in a few minutes."

Ken finally saw the hint of a smile come across her face as he climbed out of bed, wrapped a towel around his waist, and headed for the kitchen.

******

He never failed to surprise her. She was almost mad at him earlier in the day when her announcement that they were having friends over for a Valentine's Day dinner was met with his insistence that she cancel those plans. She grilled him trying to figure out what his issue was. Had he made reservations somewhere for the two of them? Was he taking her out dancing for the night? Was he about to whisk her away to the cabin for an overnight? Was he not feeling well? To every question, his answer was a simple "no, baby, you just need to cancel those plans".

Shay even tried giving him "that look" as she stood there with her hands on her hips. It seemed to her that the more frustrated she got with his ridiculous request, the calmer he seemed.

"Give me ONE GOOD REASON why I should cancel dinner tonight!" Shay finally exploded. 

"Because I asked you to, baby" Ken responded in a soft tone of voice that he knew drove her nuts. "That's reason enough."

Shay had stormed out of the den into her office, slamming the door behind her. She wasn't used to not getting her way, especially where Ken was concerned. He had admittedly spoiled her, often going way out of his way to cater to her every whim. She knew he loved treating her like a queen. After sitting and stewing for a moment, she decided that she would give in this time. There would always be another night for dinner with friends. She wanted to see where he was going with this.

As she picked up the phone to call off dinner, she watched as her office door slowly opened. Ken stood in the doorway as she dialed, feeling her glare actually lower the temperature in the room.

"Carly, it's Shay" she began, watching as Ken started to make his way to her. "I think we're going to have to do dinner another night. It's Ken... he's not feeling well and isn't up to having company this evening."

As the conversation continued, Ken slid in behind Shay's chair. She sensed his breath on the side of her neck as she found herself stuttering for a second. Ken giggled softly as he heard her explain "yes, I'm fine... was just distracted for a second." He focused his warm breath on her free ear as he placed his hands on her sides, right at her ribcage. He felt her inhale deeply as his hands slid around her and cupped her breast, immediately finding her nipples with his fingertips and teasing them in slow soft circles. Shay closed her eyes as she did her best to concentrate on the phone conversation, but finally realized that she couldn't take any more.

"Carly, look... I gotta go. Ken's calling me. You know how big of a baby he is when he has the sniffles. I'll call you tomorrow and we'll make plans for the weekend." Shay hung up the phone before even hearing Carly say goodbye. 

She looked up at Ken as he moved to the side of her chair and scooped her up. He loved cradling her like this. She was just the right size to fit perfectly in his arms. As he made his way to the door carrying her, he nudged the door open wider with his foot. Shay raised an eyebrow as she looked into his eyes, knowing full well where there were headed to, and beginning to understand why she had just canceled dinner...

As Shay heard him puttering around in the kitchen, she snapped back to present tense. She felt so relaxed from their afternoon and evening of lovemaking so far that she wasn't sure she could move even if she had to. She slowly felt herself slipping in and out of consciousness, losing track of where the sounds of the waking world ended and the sensations of dreaming began.

When Ken placed the tray at the foot of the bed, Shay had no idea how long he had been gone or how long he had been in the room. Her eyes fluttered open as she felt Ken slide into bed next to her.

"It's Valentine's Day, baby" Ken whispered to her. "I thought it was time for something sweet."

Ken reached for the tray and pulled it between them Shay looked at the spread he had prepared and glanced back at him with a smile. He had prepared 2 large bowls of Blue Belle vanilla bean ice cream. Also on the tray was all the fixings for a pair of sundaes. He had warmed up bowls of hot fudge and caramel, set up a bowl of cut strawberries in syrup, and had playfully placed a can of Reddi Whip on either end of the tray, one for each of them.

"May I prepare your sundae for you, Shay Lyn?" Ken asked with a glimmer in his eye. She was afraid to say no, so she nodded her head slowly.

Ken moved the tray down a bit so he could move closer to her. He looked up into her eyes as he picked up one of the bowls and placed it on her flat tummy. Shay squealed as the cold bowl came into contact with her skin and noticed a devilish grin come across Ken's face as he placed his hand back on the bowl to steady it.

"You better stay still or you're going to make a mess, Shay Lyn." 

Shay tried to think of any of a million different things to take her mind off of the cold ceramic bowl resting on her skin. She knew he was aware of exactly what he was doing to her and was loving every second of it. "Perhaps a little revenge for my temper tantrum earlier" she thought to herself. Whatever the reason, she was anxious to see what he was going to do next.

Ken took one of the large spoons from the tray and dipped it into the bowl of warm caramel. Looking up into her eyes, he raised the spoonful of caramel towards the bowl on her tummy, stopping just short of the ice cream. He watched her eyes widen as the caramel slowly began to pour in a slow long line onto her. The contrast of the warm sticky caramel on her skin combined with the chill of the bowl was driving her wild.

"I'm sorry, I should have asked" Ken said softly with a smile. "Did you want caramel on you... on your sundae I mean?"

Shay watched as he finally brought the spoon to the bowl of ice cream, drizzling caramel over the scoops lazily. As he returned the spoon to the tray, Ken lowered his mouth to Shay's stomach, planting his lips around the dollop of caramel he had placed on her and lovingly sucking and licking the sweetness off her salty skin. Shay let out an audible groan as she felt his tongue make contact with her. As he lapped the last of the caramel off her skin, Shay reached down and ran her fingers through his hair, showing him how much she was enjoying his new game.

Ken pulled away and gave a slow wink at Shay as he studied her eyes. Her ability and creativity as a lover had him constantly thinking of new ways to wow her. The glimmer in her blue eyes told him that his plan had worked this evening. She was melting for him faster than the ice cream he was pretending to prepare for her.

Shay's eyes widened as he picked up a clean spoon and brought it to the bowl of hot fudge. Ken pretended not to notice her reaction as he feigned concentration on his task at hand. After scooping up a heaving helping of hot fudge, Ken leaned to Shay as he brought the spoon over to her. Feeling his lips on hers, Shay kissed Ken softly but with a sense of urgency. They explored the feelings of each others' lips as Ken continued to move the spoonful of hot fudge slowly so that she wouldn't notice. Shay moaned as Ken felt her body jerk against him. The hot fudge was flowing off the spoon and covering her nipple. The fudge felt warmer to Shay than the caramel had, but perhaps it was because of the sensitivity of that spot. 

Ken pretended to snap back to reality and brought the spoon to the ice cream as he broke the kiss. Shay watched him as he drizzled the hot fudge onto the ice cream, placing the spoon back on the tray. Her eyes were beginning to cloud back over with lust.

As he pulled back a bit to appreciate the feast before him, he saw that sparkle in Shay's eye that showed she was up to something. As she cupped her own breast, Ken immediately knew she had won this round.

"You keep making messes, Kenneth. I'm forever having to clean up after you."

Shay craned her neck as she brought her nipple to her own mouth, moaning loudly as she closed her eyes to savor the taste of the rich chocolate mixed with the saltiness of her skin. Without even being aware of what he was doing, Ken found himself reaching down and slowly stroking his cock which had sprung back to life at the sight of Shay suckling herself.

Satisfied that she had cleaned her nipple thoroughly, Shay grabbed Ken's arm and pulled him to her. He lunged towards her clumsily, landing with his lips on hers. He tasted the fudge on her, sliding his tongue into her mouth to further enjoy the treat. He knew she had just succeeded in stalling his tease. His brain was going in circles, and he knew she could see it in his eyes.

As they kissed, Shay took hold of the bowl of ice cream on her before pushing Ken off of her onto his back. Sliding the tray on the bed out of the way, Shay rolled over towards Ken as she swung her leg over his body. In one fluid motion she was sitting up straddling him. The tables were now turned, and he knew he was in trouble.

"Thanks for the ice cream, Kenny" Shay purred as she picked the bowl back up. She grabbed one of the cans of whipped cream and shook it as she looked right through Ken's stare. His eyes were fixed on her heaving breast, watching how it shook in rhythm to her shaking of the can. Watching Shay raise the can to her mouth, Ken's jaw dropped a bit as she took the cover in her mouth, pulling it off in her teeth with a twist. It reminded Ken of those old war movies, watching as a soldier in the trench prepared to throw a grenade.

"How fitting" he thought to himself. "Just like in those movies, I think something is about to explode here, too."

Shay readjusted herself on top of Ken as she lowered the canister to her sundae and began to pile whipped cream. Her ass brushed against his cock as she moved, licking her lips slowly to show she noticed his reaction thus far. Shay began to put the can down and seemed to reconsider as she heard Ken sigh. She laid the can flat on his stomach and giggled aloud as he groaned and arched his back. His hardening nipples did not go unnoticed as Shay slowly rolled the can up Ken's stomach to his chest, finally lifting the can off his skin to place the nozzle to Ken's adam's apple. Sensing what she was about to do, Ken arched his neck, giving Shay more room to play.

Shay began to very subtly rock her hips on top of Ken as she sprayed the airy whipped cream onto the bulge in Ken's throat. Leaning forward, She placed her tongue flat on Ken's breastbone and licked up slowly, feeling Ken start to react to her gentle rocking. He could feel her wetness on his lower abdomen as she began to suck on his adam's apple gently yet noisily, filling the room with the slurping sounds of her taking the whipped cream off of him.

Ken had lost his tease and he knew it. As Shay rocked her hips on him, he strained his cock upward to make contact with her moist pussy lips with each pass. He had gone from thinking about nothing past teasing her to the point of no return to thinking of nothing else than being inside her, feeling her hold him so intimately. He needed to be inside her and fill her, but she wasn't ready to give in to him yet. 

Shay looked up into Ken's eyes as she licked the last of the whipped cream off her lips. Ken felt her begin to move as she straddled his left leg and began to rub her now dripping pussy against his thigh. He felt the lust in her eyes bore right into him. He imagined that the heat of her sex branded his skin as she moved down his body, marking him as hers. He could see by the look she was giving that she wanted this as much as he did. The fact that she was continuing to tease in spite of her desire just fueled his own lust further.

Moving down towards Ken's feet, Shay knelt up and reached for her bowl of ice cream. She licked her lips slowly to ensure that she had his undivided attention. Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed Ken's eyes widen as she lifted a spoonful of half melted ice cream out of the bowl and brought it to her mouth. She savored the taste and feel of the treat in her mouth before lowering down towards the hardness before her. Ken groaned aloud as he felt the softness of Shay's lips against the head of his cock. Without parting her lips, Shay pushed downwards, helping Ken gain entrance to her mouth. Ken reached out and grabbed handfuls of sheet as he realized Shay had held the ice cream in her mouth. As she slowly bobbed her head up and down, the melted ice cream began to trickle from her mouth, coating Ken's throbbing hardness in a thin layer of white. As she felt his breathing start to shallow and increase in pace, Shay began to suck harder.

Ken knew he couldn't take much more. The combination of the frigid cold of the ice cream and the searing heat of Shay's mouth was a sensation unlike he had ever felt before. He pulled back and sat up. They just stared at each other for a moment or two as Ken regained control of his breathing. Shay was mesmerized by the sight of Ken's cock throbbing and twitching in midair. Her pussy was screaming for attention, and the spark in Ken's eyes showed her that he heard it.

Ken pulled Shay down onto the bed and helped her twist onto her back. As he hovered over her, he grabbed another bowl off of the tray. Shay knew the grin that had spread across Ken's face. She could almost see his mind working, and knew that this smile usually meant that he was about to blow her mind.

"Shay, baby" Ken purred to her, "I'm so sorry. I forgot all about the strawberries for your sundae. Let me get them for you."

Shay cried out as Ken tilted the bowl slightly over her, letting the red sugary syrup begin to spill out onto her. He drizzled the sweetness over her stomach, stopping to let it pool at her belly bo. Finally placing the bowl back down, Ken reached in and pulled out a slice of strawberry. He placed it to the top of the trail he had just poured onto her and slowly dragged the fruit down her body.

"This is why we shouldn't eat in bed, Shay Lyn" Ken explained. "You always get so messy."

Ken lowered himself down to the top of Shay's stomach and began to lap at her skin, cleaning her off. As Shay's head began to spin from the feeling of Ken's tongue on her, he slid the piece of strawberry down further, over her mound until he found her clit. Working his way down her body with his lips and tongue, he began to push the strawberry against Shay's desperate button, twisting it slightly against her. His mouth was watering even more at the thought of the taste of the strawberry mixed with her own sweetness.

Reaching her navel, Ken placed his lips around her as he started to scoop the syrup out of her and into his mouth. Wanting to up the stakes a little, Ken slid the strawberry off of her clit and between her lips, guiding the tip of the slice to her opening and pushing it just slightly inside her. Shay's body began to come to life under his touch.

Ken began to kiss a line from her navel downward as he pulled the strawberry from her. He looked up into her eyes as he raised the fruit to her lips. "Here, baby" Ken whispered to her. "Take a taste of what I'm about to enjoy." As the strawberry entered her mouth, Shay couldn't help but moan softly in approval as she took in the taste of the strawberry combined with the sweet tang of her own juices. Just as she swallowed the morsel Ken had given her, Shay cried out as she felt Ken's tongue on her. He was lapping up and down her slit, making sure to make contact with her clit with each pass. The soft growl from between her legs told her that Ken was enjoying her taste as much as she had.

Ken placed his thumbs on her swollen pussy lips and slowly pulled her open, inhaling deeply as the sweet glistening folds of pink were revealed to him. It was all Ken could do to keep himself from burying his face into her, but he wanted to enjoy each second of taking her there. He slowly yet steadily slid his tongue between her lips, finding her opening and sliding the tip of his tongue inside.

Shay arched her back as she reached down and pulled Ken's head into her. His persistent tongue fucking had her at the brink, but not quite there, and she swore that Ken was doing this to her intentionally. He knew her body so well that he knew almost by instinct exactly how to make her body react to him.

As Ken began to plunge his tongue into her faster and deeper, he released her puffy right pussy lip to place his thumb on her aching clit. The pressure he was applying in perfect unison to the tongue fucking he was giving her exploded her entire body into orgasm. Shay's head thrashed from side to side on the pillow as she cried out incoherently. Ken felt her back arch off the bed as her thigh muscles spasmed on either side of his head. His tongue began to scoop as much of the sweet flood into his mouth as he could, but it was far more than he could manage to take in.

Shay was so awash with her orgasm that she was unaware of Ken moving himself over her. He lowered his needy cock to her opening and buried himself into her without warning. The aftershocks of Shay's orgasm began to mix with the build towards another release, and Shay used all of the energy she had left in her to milk Ken's cock. She wanted more than anything to feel Ken empty himself into her again, but the pistoning fucking she was getting was relentless. He whispered her name to her each time he bottomed out in her tightness, and as the swollen head inside her began to hit her g spot with every thrust, Shay felt herself begin to lose control again.
