 It was a Friday night; Jenna got a call from Colin. He asked Jenna if she wanted to go out on a date Saturday night to dinner and a movie. Of course she said yes. The following day Colin called Jenna.

"I'll pick you up around 6:30. Is that okay with you?" He asked.

"Yeah," Jenna said, "That sounds great."

Six o'clock rolls around and Jenna decides to get ready for her date. Getting in the shower then she puts on her white panties and bra with hot pink polka dots, her black skirt, which is a couple inches above the knee, and her pink v-neck shirt. After getting dressed, she did her make up, grabbed her purse and slips on her black flip flops, then heading downstairs. 

Six-thirty rolls around and Colin pulls into the driveway. Getting out of his car he walks to the front door and knocks.

Jenna answering the door, smiling, "Hey." she says.

"Wow," he said, looking her up and down, "You look amazing."

"Thanks," she said, blushing.

Pulling the front door shut, walking to Colin's car with him. Colin walked to the passenger side of his car, opening her door for her. 

"Thanks," she said smiling. 

Getting into the car, as Colin got a glimpse of her polka doted panties, causing him to smirk. He then shut the door after she got in.

Colin got in the car and started down the road.

"Is Applebee's and Drag Me to Hell okay?" Colin asked.

"Yeah that sounds good to me," Jenna replied. 

They went to dinner first, talking and laughing, having a good time. After dinner they went to the theater to see Drag Me to Hell. About a half hour into the movie, Jenna casually grabbed Colin's hand, linking her fingers between his. Looking at her, he smiled slightly, lightly squeezing her hand as they continued to watch the movie. 

After the movie was over they got up, still holding each others hands as they walked back to his car, opening the door for her again.

Staring the car, he started driving towards Jenna's place. 

Seeing an ice cream parlor a little ways down, asking Jenna, "Do you wanna stop for some ice cream?"

"Yeah, I'd like that." She said. 

Pulling into a parking spot, they got out of the car. Colin ordered a small soft serve vanilla with rainbow sprinkles for Jenna and he ordered himself a small cookies n' cream. After they got their ice cream they went into the car and sat their talking until they finished their ice cream.

"We should do this again," Jenna said smiling at Colin.

"Yeah we should," he said, smiling back.

They both finished their ice cream, and then Colin pointed out that she had a little ice cream on her lips but when she went to wipe it off she kept missing it. 

Finally Colin said, "Let me get it for you."

Leaning towards Jenna, he slowly started kissing her, kissing the ice cream right off her lips. Hearing Jenna moan a little started to turn him on, sliding her hands up the back of his neck, she kissed him harder, sucking on his bottom lip.

Jenna pulled away a little, whispering against his lips, "Maybe we should find some place to go before you bring me home."

"Okay," he said, quickly starting the car he pulled out and headed for an area where no one really goes. 

As they got closer to the area, Jenna unbuckled her seatbelt, moving closer to Colin.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"Oh nothing," she replied seductively.

Leaning towards Colin more, Jenna began unzipping his pants, reaching into his boxers and started to jerk his cock, making him hard, causing him to swerve the car a little. 

Colin got hard quick, as soon as he was hard; Jenna put her mouth over his head, sucking on it. Massaging his balls through his boxers, she started sliding her mouth down his cock, sliding her tongue up and down his cock, moaning with it in her mouth. 

Colin started moaning heavily, swerving, not being able to stand it anymore, he pulled over to the side of the road. Once he pulled over he grabbed the back of Jenna's head, grabbing a fist-full of her hair. 

Pulling his cock out of her mouth, she started sucking on his head, twirling her tongue around it as she jerked him off some more. 

Not being able to take it anymore, he pulled Jenna's mouth off his cock, kissing her hard.

Between kisses he demanded, "Get out of the car, and come around to my side."

Without saying anything she opened her door and got out, walking over to his side of the car, as Colin stood there waiting for her to get to him. 

As soon as she reached him he began kissing her hard, sliding his hand up her side, sliding his hand up towards her tits, rubbing them.

Jenna began to moan loudly, sliding her tongue into Colin's mouth. 

As she did that Colin moved his hand from under her shirt and slid it down her side, sliding his hand between her legs, moving his hand up her thigh, lightly slightly rubbing her pussy with the tip of his finger, making her gasp. 

Colin kissing his way down to her neck, as he did that he pushed his finger inside her panties, and slowly began rubbing her clit, making her gasp louder, as she grabbed onto his shoulders. 

As she held into him she spread her legs, letting have more access to her tight cunt. He slid 2 fingers into her pussy, sliding them in and out, grabbing onto his shoulders harder. 

Jenna moaned, "I want you to fuck me."

Pulling his fingers out of her cunt, he sucked her pussy juice off one finger, and then put the other to her mouth, making her suck his fingers dry. 

Reaching his hands up her skirt, he pulled her panties down around her ankles; she then stepped out of them.

Colin then got into the backseat, sitting in the middle. Jenna got in the car, facing him she slid down on his cock. Holding onto his shoulders as Colin grabbed her hips. Jenna began bouncing up and down on his cock hard. As Jenna slammed down on his cock, Colin slammed up into Jenna's tight wet pussy, making her moan and whimper, louder and louder as he slammed harder and harder. 

The harder she bounced, the harder he slammed, the louder she moaned, the harder he slammed, the harder she dug her nails into his shoulders. 

Colin pulled her shirt up, putting her tits out of her bra as he started sucking on her nipple as he played with the other; Jenna grabbed the back of his head. 

"Ohhhh godd!" she moaned loudly, "I'm gonna cum!"

Groaning loudly Colin replied, "Ohhhh me too!"

"Mmm, I want you to cum deep in my pussy," she moaned loudly.

Colin began slamming harder and harder, as Jenna slid her hand between then, rubbing her clit in circles. 

Moaning louder then ever, digging her nails deeper into his shoulder, "Ohhhh god, I'm cumming!" she screamed.

Slamming harder, as he felt her pussy squeeze his cock, he began cumming deep in her pussy, groaning louder and louder, as he continued to slam deep in her.

"Ohh I'm cumming!" he groaned as he filled her hot, tight pussy.

Jenna slid off his cock, sitting on his lap, gasping for air, Colin slid his finger into her pussy, scooping up their cum with his finger, bringing it to her mouth.

Grabbing his finger, she put it in her mouth, sucking on it seductively.

After she pulled his finger out, grinning, she replied, "Mmm, yummy"

Taking her panties he cleaned off his cock, she then wiped her dripping pussy with her panties, so she wouldn't make a mess of his car.

They both got out of the car, while Colin wasn't looking Jenna tossed her panties on the floor of his backseat for him to find later.

They both got back into the front seat, and he drove her home. They both couldn't wait for their next date with each other.