 I must admit to being a horny fucker and sex is never far from my mind, I make no apologies for this as there are few things in this world better than fucking. My job as a self employed carpenter gives me plenty of opportunity to indulge in fucking being as how I'm in and out of houses all day long. For instance, a few weeks ago I took a call in the office of my workshop from a woman who wanted some doors making and fitting to her house. She admitted on the phone that, as she had been trained in arty stuff at college, she was particular about what she wanted and had a few designs sketched out and wanted to see if I could make what she wanted. "Yeah, fine," I said, "come over to the workshop any time you like and we can discuss it." I don't mind this sort of work because sadly it's rare to find someone who has a decent idea what they want. Anyway Avril said she would call when she was passing if that was ok, "if I'm in, it's ok, if I'm out then it's not, though you could phone to check first." Anyway she walked into the workshop late one afternoon, a very petite, mousey woman two or three years older than me. She was very obviously the hippie art chick, little if any make-up behind her large glasses, longish blonde hair with a natural curl in it and a bit of colouring to mask the grey bits, loose T shirt and baggy jeans and sandals on her feet. Not stunningly attractive but fuckable all the same. It might be good to give a quick word about the typical workshop here – for some reason materials suppliers all seem to produce calendars with big titted naked models sprawling over the product being sold. Not that I mind of course, but it would be better if these big titted models actually delivered the products I buy. Anyway there are lots of these calendars all over the workshop walls, I leave them up because I like them and if any one doesn't well, tough shit… 

So, Avril came in and introduced herself and said "Gosh, she's a big girl," referring to the girl on the calendar who'd seen fit to leap into a swimming pool in a white cotton dress that was now see-through as she climbed out. 

Avril laid her designs on my workbench as I thought about laying Avril on the workbench and we discussed what was going to be possible and I said I'd call and do some measuring in few days. It may have been imagination but I thought that as we shook hands hers lingered just a bit longer than it should and she held my gaze for more than was necessary for a client. I called on her as promised and made my measurements, told her the cost and got the go-ahead. And it wasn't long before I was piling the doors into my van and heading out into the countryside to her place to fit them. Avril lives on a remote small farm, fucking miles from anywhere, way off the main road and up a dirt track, she'd said she'd be out when I got there but the key would be in the barn. Duly found, I un-loaded and began work. She'd been particular about the design of her stuff and had needed several samples to see what the design would look like in wood and eventually we'd agreed and this was the first batch. 

Work progressed well until dinnertime and I was sitting down with a cup of coffee when I heard her car return. Avril must have gone into the house by the other door as I heard her coming through, to where I was, from the other side of the house. I was a bit surprised to see her dressed as she was in a very short skirt, white blouse, black stockings and killer heels, so much so that I felt my cock stiffen. As she inspected the work I'd done so far I walked over and asked what she'd thought? She made great play on studying it.

"Hmmmm, I'm not sure…"

These are the worst possible words a tradesman can hear. They usually mean 'changes' and a discussion on who pays. 

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"Nothing, but now I see it in situ perhaps a tweak or two might be in order."

I started to say that we'd agreed a price and the work was to her exact designs and that it was difficult and expensive to change stuff, when I felt her hand undoing my jeans.

"Hmmmmmm maybe I can persuade you?" As she said this, Avril released my cock from my jeans and gripped the shaft wanking me gently. "My, aren't you hard," she added as she went down on her knees in front of me and kissed the tip of my cock. She slipped her mouth over the end and swallowed as much of my shaft as she could, I sank back against the door frame and sighed. I could feel her lips caressing me as her head bobbed up and down. She was playing with my balls as she sucked and wanked my cock. I felt her ease up my shaft and I looked down in time to see her running her tongue around the tip of my cock, over the slit at the tip and all around the head. She had my foreskin pulled right back and my shaft glistened with her saliva. "Is that good?" she giggled. 

It was all I could do to moan as her mouth covered my cock with hot wetness. Avril sucked and slurped and played with my balls, bobbing her head as she took as much of my cock into her mouth as she could sometimes slowly sometimes fast I lost track of time until I could feel the familiar sensation of an approaching orgasm. Avril could sense it too, teasing the tip of my cock with her tongue, nibbling, biting until I felt I couldn't hold on any longer… then she stopped.

"Will you modify the doors?"

"Wha..? What? Yes, yes, anything just fucking suck me," I gasped.

Grinning, she bent to her task and sucked me with renewed vigour. Up and down went her head, she played with my balls and wanked the shaft until with a shout I came.

"Aaaaaaagggggghhhhhhhhhnnnnnnnnhhhhhhh, ohfuck ohshit ohfuck," I sent buckets of cum into her mouth. Avril sucked, wanked, gulped, swallowed and gasped as my sperm filled her greedy mouth, splashed over her face and into her hair. Spurt after spurt blasted from my well sucked cock to cover her face, run down her chin and splash on her blouse.

"See? I told you I could be persuasive," she laughed as she licked her lips. "Mmmmm you taste fucking good."

Still slumped against the door frame it was all I could do to grin down at her. But after a few moments I managed to say "There will be extra cost for the changes, though."

Avril stood up and said "Oh, dear, and me a poor divorcee and mother of two little girls… I can hardly afford to keep house and body together." 

I followed her gaze to the photo on the table of Avril and two girls around twenty. They were younger versions of her. Grinning, I picked Avril up by the waist and hoisted her so her legs went either side of me and lowered her down. I was delighted to find she was naked under the mini skirt and my still hard cock slid into her cunt. "Who said anything about money…"

"Oh, you terrible man," she said, in mock horror, "are you going to use my body as a fuck toy? Fill me with cock? Cum inside of me?"

"Yes, I'm going to fuck the extra cost out of you." I told her.

"Good," she said, wrapping her legs around my waist, "Fuck me you bastard, fuck me hard, make me fucking cum." Then she squealed as I bucked my hips and drove my cock deeper in her cunt.

"It's going to take you ages to pay for all the extra work," I told her as I waddled my way over to her table and plonked her arse on it. Pushing her back I began to fuck her sloppy cunt.

"Mmmmmmm," Avril moaned, "that's nice," as my cock slid in and out of her. "You'll not convince me that I've extra cost on the work, surely some little tweaks won't be that much work?" she grinned, then gasped as I fucked her harder.

Ramming my cock in to her fuck hole I told her that her body was mine to play with and she'd soon be screaming and agreeing to anything just to get my cum in her. In and out I thrust, squelching and slopping as my balls bounced off her arse.

"No, I won't," she managed to gasp out, before moaning with pleasure, "you'll have to fuck me deeper than that."

As she said this I really rammed her pussy, grinning I said "Like that, you mean?"

"Aaaaahhhhhh, mmmmmmmmm oooooohhhhhhh yessssss," she whimpered, and gave up trying to speak, only soft moaning and purring noises told me she was enjoying a good fucking. That and her cunt muscles gripping my cock, of course. As she lay back on the table, her legs splayed and her nipples almost poking through her blouse I alternated between long slow thrusts that filled her and fast furious short jabs that caused her to squeal out in pleasure. Until she started to gasp "I'm cumming, oh yesss faster make me cum you bastard…" she wailed.

"Oh, sorry, shall I stop…?" I said, knowing I wasn't far from cumming myself.

Avril's eyes opened wide "Don't you fucking dare stop," there was panic in her voice.

"Hmmm now, about the cost…?"

"Yes, yes, anything, use me as a fuck toy, I don't fucking care just don't stop."

She was up on her elbows now and wrapping her legs around my back, pulling me into her. "Now, fuck me and fill me," she pleaded. 

Grinning I began to thrust and she remained up on her elbows as I pounded into her cunt, "Mmmmm, I'm going to cum," I gasped.

"Yes, yessss, oh fill me cum in my cunt, fill me with cream," she begged, almost sobbing.

"Ok ok, ok," I gasped , "Here I cumaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh," and the first blast of sperm rocketed into her pussy from my cock, and this tipped Avril over the brink and into her own orgasm.

"Oh fuck, oh shit, oh fuck," she screamed wrapping her legs even tighter around me as I squirted deep into her womb. "Oh yessss, aahhh, oooohhh, mmmmmm, God this is fucking good."

Spurt after spurt filled her greedy cunt and she lay back enjoying being filled, her cute face still sticky from the blow job earlier, now her cunt and thighs being just as sticky from our combined cum from this frenetic fuck. Neither of us could talk only gasp and moan as we came to the end of our orgasms.

After a few moments resting my softening cock eased out of Avril's cunt. "Mmmmmmmm," she breathed, "my cunt feels so used." As she spoke she was wiping a sticky dribble of cum up with her finger before sucking it clean. "I just love cum," she laughed, "and cock," she added. Laying back she drew her knees right up and let them fall apart, opening up her sticky pussy and dipping her fingers inside transferring the cum to her mouth. "I hope this job isn't going to be finished too quickly?" she asked. "And that you're going to have to come back lots to sort minor details?"

In answer I just grinned and stroked my stiffening cock along her thighs.

Avril's face split into a wide grin "Give me that fucking cock," she squealed, "come on get it fucking in me and fill my cunt with cum again and again you horny fucker…"