 I opened my eyes, and somehow found myself sitting on the back of a horse. But not just any horse. I was on a carousel, moving up and down, round and round in time to the calliope music. I looked down, and noticed I was naked. I reached up to tuck my hair behind my ear like I usually did, to find my hair was piled on top of my head in a bun. I could feel the coolness of the saddle against my warm bottom. I didn't know what to make of it, so I closed my eyes again, and went along for the ride. I leaned forward, resting my forehead and breasts against the cool bar.

I felt something behind me, so I opened my eyes. Hands covered in leather gloves came around my waist and held on. Firm thighs pressed against my legs. I was scared at first, but my fear went away almost as quickly as it came. I started to turn around, but the hands came up and held my face forward.

"No, stay the way you are," he whispered. I did as I was told, shivering a little from the feel of his breath on my skin.

He moved his hands back down to my waist. He pulled me a little closer towards him. I could feel the shape of his hard on against my ass. I shivered and moaned as his finger traced the crack of my ass up and down. His hands worked their way up my back. I could feel the leather of his gloves stroking my back, causing my nipples to harden and my pussy to get wet. I thought about how his hands would feel on my breasts.

"Lean back, and you'll find out," he whispered.

OMG! He read my mind! That had never happened to me before. I thought about sitting on his hard cock, feeling it deep inside my pussy.

"Is that what you want, baby girl?" he whispered.

Yep, he read my mind. I moaned my answer, and leaned back into his muscular chest. His hands worked their way around to my breasts, feeling how hard my nipples were already. I closed my eyes again, savoring the feel of his hands stroking my breasts. He pinched one nipple. I moaned in satisfaction.

"Do you like that, baby girl?" he asked. I nodded, loving it. He pinched the other nipple, then pinched them both at the same time, twisting them slightly. I had never felt anything so wonderful.

His hands moved down to my hips, and raised me slightly, so I was standing on the stirrups of the carousel horse. I held onto the pole, to keep from falling off the horse. Hands caressed my round ass, fingers running up and down my crack, from all the way front to all the way back. I loved all the sensations I was feeling, but I wanted more. I wanted to feel his hard cock penetrate deep inside my waiting pussy.

"Take what you want," he said. "It's up to you to make the next move."

I reached down behind me, and held onto his cock, which got harder when I touched it. I stroked my slit with it, coating his hardness with my wetness. I was trembling, and not just from the pressure of standing up. I wanted him so bad; I couldn't wait any longer. I slowly sat down, filling myself with his cock. Once he was completely inside, I just sat there, letting the momentum of the rising and falling horse do the work. I leaned back again, to feel his hard chest against my back. His hands returned to my waiting mounds, pinching and rolling the nipples in his fingers.

I continued to hold onto the pole, to give myself leverage. I slowly moved up and down on his hard shaft. He leaned over, kissing and licking my neck and ear. The momentum of the horse's movements was getting me hot, along with his hands and mouth all over my body. His hands trailed down my sides to my hips. Grasping them, he urged me on faster, faster, deeper, deeper. I used the stirrups and pole and lifted myself most of the way off him then plunged down harder onto his cock. Over and over, I repeated this.

Inside, I could feel the fire spreading from my hot wet pussy through my body. I plunged down for the last time, and screamed as the orgasm overcame me. Over and over I came, my juices dripping out of my pussy and running down his cock and my legs. I stayed on his cock, leaning back against his chest, loving the feel of his body against mine. With a roar, he came, shooting his hot seed deep inside my body. Feeling the rush of his hot cum, I came again, moaning with pleasure.

"Oh baby girl, you are such a sensual creature. You would make any man happy," he whispered in my ear.

When I opened my eyes again, it was morning. My body was covered in perspiration, and my sheets were twisted up around me. One hand was on my breasts, and the other was buried in my wet pussy. Wow, it felt so real that I thought it was. But unfortunately it was only a dream. Suddenly, I heard the same calliope music that I heard in my dream. I felt something near my left hip, so I put my hand down there. I picked it up and held it in front of my face. It was a men's black leather glove. It was only a dream, wasn't it?