 He wandered back to the beach where he met her earlier this morning. It was more crowded now with a thousand cruise ship passengers but thinning as it was late afternoon. He walked along the paved path which was dusted with white sand, looking for a place to park himself for an hour or so. 

She wandered back to the beach where she met him earlier this morning. It was more crowded now with a thousand cruise ship passengers but thinning as it was late afternoon. She was wearing more than her flimsy coverup from this morning, but not much more. She stopped in her tracks on the sand covered path when she saw him. 

"Looking for a hammock?" she asked, smiling. 

He looked up, pleasantly surprised when he saw her. 

"All we really need is a post," he quipped. 

She smiled and flushed a little at that comment, remembering the sensation of him sliding gently gliding in and out of her this morning. 

"True enough," she agreed. 

Together they found a spot at the far end of the beach, opposite from where the cruise ship was moored. They sat and lay on their towels while they chatted. Until her teasing nature got the best of her. 

She rolled over on her tummy and undid her bikini top, letting the straps fall at her sides. He felt himself growing thick immediately at the site. 

She undid the strap behind her neck as well and lifted up, resting on her elbows, her full breasts hardly concealed at all. 

"You're teasing me," he stated. 

"Yep!" she said laughing. 

"It's working," he replied, grazing himself with his hand through his bathing suit. 

She just licked her lips and raised her eyebrows in reply. 

She reached beneath her with her hands and discreetly ran her nails lightly around her nipple. It grew hard quickly. 

He watched her fingers touch her breast and saw her clench her ass in a moment of aching arousal. How he wished he was under her right now. 

She shifted slightly, leaving nothing to the imagination, her breast and hard nipples completely exposed to him. She flipped her bikini top to one side and lay flat on her tummy, folding one arm under her head. 

"Oh my," he said. 

She just smiled. 

"It's really working," he said. 

She smiled wider. 

His turn, he thought. He shifted, sitting cross legged with his back to the crowd. He reached inside his bathing to adjust his growing cock. He couldn't help but let his hand linger there when he felt the wetness flowing out of him. 

"Mmmmph," he uttered. 

Her eyes were fixed the bulge and the movement of his hand under his suit. It was clear he was stroking himself. 

"It's working," she said, smiling.

"That's a good thing," he stated. 

Moments later he was very hard. He discretely pulled the waistband of his suit down to expose the swollen head of his erection. 

She watched intently as his fist slid slowly up and down the slippery shaft. She was discretely, she hoped, grinding against the towel and sand beneath it. 

He lowered his waistband entirely, exposing the length of him. 

She wanted to take him in her mouth right there and had it been less crowded she would have. Her aching grew to the point she had to touch herself. She slipped on hand down inside the tiny bikini bottom and found the spot. Her fingers deftly separated her lips and spread her wetness over her swollen clit. The thought of cumming right here in the sand among all these people was incredibly arousing. Watching him made it even more so. 

He had to let go, else he would cum right there. He could feel it just below the surface. The tingling that grows so strong so quickly just before orgasm. He rested for a minute, watching her writhe on her hand beneath her. He pulled his suit up and grabbed her bikini top and his towel. 

"Let's go," he said, standing up. 

She was surprised. She stood up and casually covered up with the towel quickly. She followed him towards the tree line, he bikini bottom barely hanging on her hips. God she was horny. 

They disappeared just inside the trees. He lay both towels on the soft undergrowth and sat down. He peeled his bathing suit down and lay back with his erection laying on his stomach. She put one foot on either side of his hips, undid the strings on her bikini bottoms and flung it aside. She lowered herself to him. 

She slowly slid herself up and down the length of him, pausing at the head to almost take him inside. He reached up and caressed both nipples with his fingertips. 

She grabbed his wrists and leaned forward, pinning him down. She slid upwards again, maneuvering just enough to position the head at her opening. She smiled a wicked smile and eased herself down his length. 

He felt her warm wetness envelope him. He rocked his hips slightly but she stopped him. 

"I'm in charge here," she said laughing a little. 

"Have at it," he said. 

She did. 

Not moving her hips at all, she leaned forward and kissed his lips softly. Then his neck, shoulder and chest. She straightened up, closed her eyes and rolled her head back. Now rocking her hips, she felt him harden inside her. The thoughts of this morning, the playing on the towels earlier, and the voices of the people nearby were too much. She had to cum, and make him do the same. 

She stayed straddling him, perched above him holding his hands to the ground. She had half of him inside her but slowly sank down to take all of him. She slid back to the point where he almost came out of her, the back down again. She continued, moving slightly faster with each stroke until it was piston like. 

He struggled to get his hands free but couldn't. He wanted them on her hips to hold her down on him when he came, but he didn't need that. She erupted and the pulsing of her orgasm sent him over the edge. 

She collapsed on top of him while she came, feeling him grow harder as he exploded inside of her. The intensity of her orgasm increased with every pulse of him. 

Slowly, it subsided. She lay still on him, feeling her heart pounding and his as well. His hands free now, he caressed her back and slid his hands down to cup her ass as they lay there... slowly. coming down off the high.