 We'd been enjoy each other's company for a few months when Don suggested a weekend away on his cabin cruiser -- just the two of us.

"The weather looks great Aimee. Just bring casual clothes, swimmers and lots of sun-screen. We don't want any exposed parts of you to burn." he added with a wink.

I was so excited. In my 28 years of life I'd never been on a cabin cruiser let alone slept on one. It was going to be an adventure...

We stopped on the way to the marina and picked up steaks, salads, fruits, and wine. Don seemed to know exactly what would work and I left it all in his very capable, very sexy hands.

On board Don was busy getting the 30 foot cruiser ready to go so I had a look around. I felt immediately at home and stowed my bag in the large cabin at the front. It had a queen size walk-around bed with sylights.

I couldn't resist lying on top of the white linen and looking up at the sky -- I could see the blue sky above me through the open skylights and feel the breeze on my face.

I found myself reaching down, lifting my skirt and moving my g-string to one side so I could slide two fingers into my moist pussy.

There was something incredibly sexy about being in a marina and hearing people walk by, while I was fingering myself and looking up at the sky. Butterfly feelings started to run through me and I drifted into pleasure land.

Don's face appeared at one of the skylights -- he was grinning.

"That's my girl. Make yourself at home."

"Come and join me?" I purred.

"Later Aimee." he smiled "I want to reach a place I know before dark. You take your time and enjoy."

So I did. I took some time to have a little play with my clit, pussy and asshole, looking up at the blue sky and hearing waves lap on the hull of the boat.

Mmmmmm. A great start to the weekend.

Shortly afterwards the engines start, I climbed up onto the sunbridge. My pussy throbbed again when I saw Don at the helm steering the boat slowly out of the marina. He looked more sexy than I have ever seen him before.

Wind was blowing through his hair. His face was totally relaxed -- he was clearly in his element. I sat down and alternately watched Don and the surroundings as we headed away from the busy marina and into the lake. 

Once we were in clear water Don throttled up the motors and put us on plain, skimming across the top of the water. I couldn't take my eyes off my beautiful man -- something about boating was setting him free.

After a couple of hours across the lake and up a river, we reached a secluded bay, Don dropped the anchor.

"This is where we're staying for the night." he smiled.

It was a fabulous spot -- a beautiful bay with tall trees and rock secluded to others, facing west so we could watch the sunset later that evening, Don opened the wine and poured us each a glass

"To endless tomorrows." he smiled raising his glass in a toast.

We enjoyed our wine listening to the waves lapping on the side of the boat, watching the sun start to dip towards the horizon.

As I drained my glass Don took it gently out of my hand. He leaned forwards to kiss me.

"Are you ready to rock the boat with me beautiful?" he asked with a smile.

No words were needed as our lips met.

Don started with tender kisses, taking his time with every corner of my lips and letting our tongues dance. Then leaving me aching for more, he gently grabbed my hair and held it so he could kiss and gently bite my neck.

I heard myself whimper, holding my mouth open for more kisses, wanting to feel our tongues meet again. But he denied me, kissing my neck, my face, my shoulders, everything but my mouth. Finally he came back to my mouth, satisfying my desire and sending sparks to my pussy.

He lifted my arms up and took my t-shirt off over my head then unhooked my bra to release my breasts. I looked around, nervous that someone might see me.

"Relax gorgeous girl -- there's no-one here." smiled Don.

He bent his head and gently began to suck on one nipple while he caressed the other breast. He bit playfully and then sucked again. I could feel juice start to run down my legs.

He unhooked my skirt and slid it off with my g-string. I was sitting naked on the deck of a cruiser with the sun on my body -- it felt amazing.

Don pushed me gently onto my back and opened my legs. Slowly and gently he slid two fingers into my soaked pussy while he worked on my clit with his thumb. I moaned and closed my eyes -- this was absolute heaven.

"Nice Aimee?" he asked.

I nodded -- I was struggling to speak. Gradually he intensified the pressure and speed on my clit and worked his two fingers in and out of me until I couldn't take it any longer and quivered into my first orgasm of the night.

"Oh, Oh, Oh, baby that's fabulous." I moaned as the waves of pleasure crashed over me. "Oh baby I feel so gooooood."

"Enjoy Aimee, Enjoy!" Don smiled gently sliding in and out of me as the waves subsided.

I tried to sit up but Don pushed me back down and started to kiss my inner thighs. He alternately kissed and then gently bit my thighs and groin making me writhe and wriggle -- desperate for him to lick my pussy.

Then with expert skill he started to lick my hungry gash starting with the outer lips then thrusting his tongue deep inside me and tongue fucking me. Then he started long slow laps from my asshole all the way up to my clit. Each time he reached my clit he flicked it tantalisingly, and then went back to my cunt.

"Please Don Please." I begged grabbing his hair, "Let me cum again. Let me cum."

But he continued to tease me, stimulating my clit just enough to get me on the brink and then moving away again. I was constantly on the edge of orgasm.

He slid 2 fingers into me and slowly moved them in and out and finally he gave me what I needed, constant, regular pressure on my clit with his magic tongue. I basked in the knowledge of certain orgasm, went higher than I've ever been before, then tipped over into a fabulous, warm pleasure state.

As the waves lapped onto the side of the boat, the waves of pleasure lapped over me. Don kissed me tenderly -- he tasted and smelled of me -- musky and sexy. I was in a jelly-like state lying melted on the deck.

Don stood up and slowly stripped off his shirt and shorts.

He looked so handsome in the gentle, evening light. His fabulous cock was standing to attention. I opened my mouth instinctively -- I wanted to suck it so bad. I sat up and Don was at the perfect height for me to take him in my mouth.

I took him all the way in -- I wanted him deep in my throat. He grabbed my hair and fucked my face and I took everything he gave me. Then I explored his beautiful cock , gently biting him, sucking the head, rubbing his cock on my face, and sucking on his sweet balls.

Don moaned with pleasure.

"That's great baby, that's so good." he said. I enjoyed him for a while longer before he pulled out.

"Come with me." smiled Don holding out his hand.

We walked naked together to the bow of the boat.

"Hold the rail -- I want to explore you." he said.

I held onto the rail at the front of the boat - I was totally naked, bent over with my pussy on show to the world and I didn't care -- I felt incredible. Invincible. Sexy. And alive.

"You look so beautiful Aimee." said Don

He took his time rubbing my legs, back, ass and pussy with his whole hand.

I stared in wonder at the beautiful surroundings -- the shimmering water, the setting sun and the yachts in the distance. I couldn't believe I was bent over, naked and getting felt up by a beautiful man on a cruiser.

Don quickly slid two fingers into my gash again and worked my hole hard pumping every wall. As he found my g-spot he rubbed and I felt the familiar intensity rise. I came hard, squirting all over his hand and the deck. I screamed as the tidal wave of pleasure overcame me. I'm sure they could hear me for miles.

"Wow Wow Wow!" was all I could muster as the waves disbursed.

Don quickly entered me with his huge cock.

Grabbing my hips, he thrust into me hard and deep. The boat started to rock with the intensity of our movement. I screamed has he upped the pace and pounded into me with everything he had. Wave after wave of pleasure washed over me.

"You feel so good Aimee." he panted. "Your cunt is on fire girl."

I just moaned and screamed. There was no way I could speak or answer him -- the intensity of the surroundings and this amazing pounding was overwhelming all my senses.

Don slowed the pace slightly and I gathered myself. Then again hard relentless pounding making me scream and yell.

Then he pulled out and directed me to the sun lounge cushions on the deck.

"Lay down beautiful -- I want to see your face when I fill you with my cum."

I lay on my back and he put my legs on his shoulders and leant on to me entering me hard and deep and pinning me to the deck. His breath was close to me and his weight on top of me was confining and utterly fabulous.

Don found a fabulous rhythm, entering me with long, deep strokes, his pelvic bone bashing my clit with every thrust. I could feel my cunt wrapping around his meat, tightening down with every pleasure wave.

We both went higher and higher and higher together until he yelled

"Are you ready Aimee? I'm going to fill you with my cum!"

"I'm ready I'm ready. Give it to me." I begged.

"Wooahhhhhggh!" Don yelled "Arrrrrgggh!"

I felt his cock spasm and his hot cum fill me. I came again screaming with his yells. The shared intensity was unbelievable.

Don stayed on top of me until his cock softened then rolled next to me and gathered me in his arms, kissing my face tenderly.

"How was your first sex on a cruiser?" Don asked me.

"Baby that was wonderful." I smiled just wonderful. "Thank you."

"Thank you beautiful lady." he smiled stroking my face.

"And we've got the whole weekend ahead of us" he continued "I have plans for you my girl."

"Sounds fabulous." I grinned snuggling into his chest.