 -You'll have to excuse me for my English; it's not my first language. I don't think it'll cause you big problems to read, but you'll certainly find some mistakes. Also, some of the women in this story were "physically inspired" by some famous models. I give you the list here, but you can always make up your own images... (Vivian Heberlein, Angelica Bridges, Alexah Adams) -

It's been twenty minutes since I entered the Bergman Domain, and I've been following the riverside road since. The afternoon is beautiful, nothing waiting for me at the office, no cell phone with me: I have all the week to myself. But now, after driving two hours in the mountains, I find that I'm quite eager to arrive. One of my friend told me about this place two months ago, and it's only now that I found the time to go there and see it for myself. "This place is heaven on Earth for guys like us", he told me. By guys like us, he means single and young guys, probably implying overworked too. Since my father died 7 years ago, leaving me the head of his company at 20, I had only little time for myself, even less for a woman. This is why, Mike said, I should go and stay at the castle for a while. A castle, today?

And indeed, after a few more minutes of driving deeper into the woods, I see two climbing towers above the tree line. After a final ten minutes, I stop my car at the entrance. It is a castle, and not just by name: huge, I really mean huge. Probably as old as the mountains themselves, with that magical and somewhat eerie look: large gray stones and old dark brown wood along the large windows, both showing the signs of time on them. The main part of the castle seems to have 5 stories high, but the weird size of the windows might fool my judgment. Anyway, it's huge, even bigger than what Mike tried to tell me. But as I see a girl in a maid uniform walk down the stairs towards my car, I realize that I have no idea whatsoever about what lies within these walls. The only thing Mike said was: "If you like women, beautiful women I should add, you'll love this place." Is this some kind of... no, it couldn't be.

When I look at the maid, I smile at the twisted thoughts that just crossed my mind: she is indeed quite beautiful, but she's already past her forties. But I must admit that she must have been quite a beautiful woman once: the look in her eyes and her radiant smile are more than proof enough. And nothing about her uniform suggests any kind of sexuality. "Welcome to the Holmes castle, I'm Georgia. Do you have any luggage?" "Thank you and yes, I do; I'm Iann." While we silently climb the stone stairs, a young girl walks them down, flashing a polite but warm smile at me. Her face may be quite pretty, but under this drab uniform, I can't see anything that would spark life back into my first fantasy about this place. 

When Georgia brings me inside the Hall, I'm overwhelmed by the decor: 20 feet ceiling, gold inlays and crimson draperies to cover the dark wood of the entire room. As she invites me to sit down, the other maid comes back up and flashes another smile at me. Pleased yet surprised, I gladly smile back to her friendly greeting. When Georgia returns, she has with her some kind of pad and a pen. After asking me the usual question, she stops, looks straight at me and asks: 

"Who told you about this place?" 

"A friend, who came here two years ago." 

"What have you heard about this castle?" She asks, with a smile playing across her lips. 

"Not much, only... only that if I love beauty, I really should love this place. And, looking around in her and outside, I'm beginning to realize why. I really need some rest and relaxation." 

"Well," she answers with that same smile, "I sure hope you'll like your stay here. Wait a few minutes, I'll find someone to give you a tour." 

While waiting for that someone, hoping that it will be that young girl I saw earlier, I see her taking my luggage and climbing up a staircase. Well. Maybe not her. But it's Georgia that I see coming out of a door in the back of the room, motioning me to come with her. As I walk to the door, another maid gets out, extending her hand with a smile. Why is every body here smiling? 

"Hi there, I'm Isabel. So Iann, Georgia tells me that you've come here to admire beauty?" 

"Well... yes, I guess." 

"Come here then, and, most importantly, don't be shy." With that, she grabs my hand and pulls me inside. 

Don't be shy? What does she mean? And why is she so friendly with me? Not that I mind, quite the contrary. Before catching up with her, I look at her maid outfit. It does not show a square inch of skin more than the ones I saw before, but somehow it's a lot sexier. The fabric seems to be much thinner, hugging closely to her shape, which is quite remarkable. Hugging her hips and ass before spreading to a normal skirt, the black dress does the same thing with the rest of her body. The same kind of outfit, but quite a different effect. As we walk across the long corridor, I steal glances at the front of her dress, made from thick, opaque lace. Even though not an inch of skin is exposed below her neck, the way that the peculiar lace hugs her breasts is, to say the least, pleasantly intriguing. But as we reach the huge doors at the end, she asks me: 

"Are you ready to enter the Holmes castle?" 

"...yeah, sure." I have no idea why she asked me that, but I'm about to find out. 

When she opens the door, nothing special happens. But the atmosphere is clearly different. The same colors and princely decor, but somehow this is different, very different. The only person I see in the small room is a man, dressed for a beach party, walking towards another door. Suddenly, from the corridor by which he came, a woman's voice calls him: "Wait for me Alex, I'm coming." And indeed she's coming: a stunning brunette with thick curly hair flowing down her back, wearing nothing but a barely there bikini. When she sees us, she slows down and says: 

"Hi Vivian. And I to you, stranger." Coming to me, she takes me in her arms and squeezes me against her extraordinary breasts. "I hope we'll see each other again soon..." Running to catch Alex, she then disappears through the doors. 

"This is Mandy." Says Vivian. "Sorry if she couldn't stay longer and introduce herself. Sometimes, time is of the essence here." Without a word, I look back at Vivian and try to figure out what this place really is. 

"You won't discover anything if you want to stay here Iann. Want to move?" 

"Sure, why not?"

Walking to where they came from, we end up in a much bigger room, filled with people. As we sit down on a large couch, I can't help but to stare: another gorgeous brunette is sitting across the room, wearing nothing but a summer dress. I can see her blue eyes from here, sparkling like jewels above the smile she offers me. Under the thin dress are hidden two high breasts that quiver as she laughs with her friend. Talking to her is a tall redhead with, once again, amazing breasts, barely hidden by a silk camisole that doesn't even reach her navel. The only other thing covering her body is a small bikini bottom, which does nothing to hide the bulging curve of her pussy. With long and lean legs, she looks like a model, a model from my dreams. On the other side, my eyes only stopped at random, I see another woman, a grandiose woman, slowly walking across the room. Her thick mane of raven hair flowing freely to her waist, with green, feline eyes and a grace to match. Under the black bikini top she wears flowing pants that seem lighter than air. I simply stare at her until she walks through a door. 

Not realizing that I'm now staring at that door, I'm surprised to hear Vivian say: 

"That was Lucia, I can arrange for you to meet her if you like. I heard yesterday that she was here for a few weeks. Would you like that?" 

"Sure. But, pardon me if I'm direct, but what is this place? Even the maids are too beautiful to be true." 

After blushing slightly at my compliment, she begins to explain this whole castle, startling details after startling details. "Mr. Holmes was what you could call a new rich. His heritage turned out to be incredibly big. So he had this old castle restored and bought all the lands around. Since he was about forty years old and alone, he decided that he would pay to have company. Every body in the villages around thought him an old pervert: buying girls and prostitutes for his pleasures." 

As I follow her story, I can't help but be attracted by all those women walking by, accompanied or not. But I listen carefully nonetheless, intrigued by this old perv. 

"Stay with me Iann! " She giggles as I look back at her. "After a few years, Mr. Holmes had chosen a few favorites, about 10 in all, to live with him at all times. And, far from being a pervert, Mr. Holmes offered those girls a life of pure luxury. Also, and that's what no one new in his time, all the girls were homeless girls from the cities, where his numerous agents searched for such girls. But don't worry, none was younger than 17 or so that's what we're told. And none were forced to have sex with him if they didn't want to. Anyway now, years later and with Mr. Holmes long dead, his inheritors were told to use this place as a temple for beauty, as they call it, and transform this place into some kind of hotel." 

"And what about the homeless girls?" I asked, intrigued about this surprising fact. 

"Well, since today the administrators could not simply choose the most beautiful girls and leave the rest, they build a huge house a few kilometers further in the forest for them. They have all the help they can get, with professionals there to help them if need be. And of course, the most beautiful of them are invited to come here if they wish a little company..." 

"This is crazy..." 

When she sees my smile, she answers: "I knew you'd like it. But for now, take off your jacket or something. You look way too formal for this place. And please, once again, don't be shy. The girls here are probably wondering why you're sitting so far away from me after all this time." 

Looking at me straight in the eyes when she says that, and I just can't refuse the invitation. Sliding on the couch, I close the gap between us, feeling her thigh against mine. 

"God, I hope you're not always as shy!" As she takes my left arm in her hand, she moves it back across her shoulders and turns me towards her. "So, do you think my thighs are not good enough for you?" Shaking my head slowly as a wide grin spreads on my face, I place my free hand on her thigh and boldly slide it up under her skirt. When I reach the top of her stockings and feel her skin, I laugh and say: 

"This is simply too good to be true. And all the girls here like this kind of environment? I mean, not to appear shy, doesn't this kind of sexual tension bother you?" Right now I was trying to make her talk so I could catch my breath...

"Hmmm, a lot of the guests ask that on the first day. Silly society and it's misconceptions... slide your hand a few inch higher, Iann." When I do, I don't reach the tight panties I was expecting, but her bush, burning hot with arousal. 

Trying not to let my excitement show through my words, I say: "Pleasantly surprised, but this could be part of some weird dress code or something..." 

"God you're hard to reach. Could this be part of some dress code?" Leaning towards me, she whispers in my ear: "Won't you push those fingers in or will I have to do it?" 

Keeping her close to me, I find her hole beneath the hot folds and slide my fingers in the obvious wetness that covers her sex. When she moans in my ear, I know that this is no fake: she's really enjoying this. After a while, I slowly stop and pull my fingers out. After taking a sniff of her sex, I slip them in my mouth and lick them clean to her obvious pleasure. 

"Damn! Oh Iann, I'm so sorry that I can't be the one you choose." 

"The one I choose?" 

"Yes, usually the guests choose a girl to spend their stay here. It's my second year here and next year, I'll be with these girls, waiting for some new guy over there. But for now, I'm only a regular maid." She finishes with a sigh and sad eyes... How to resist?

"What if I don't choose anyone?" 

"Some guests don't, but very few. They're usually attracted to some girl like you were to Lucia. When the attraction is mutual, the guest learns it quickly enough and they usually spend all there time together." 

"You mean that those women could be attracted to the guys that come here?" After what seemed to be a shy smile, she tells me another secret: 

"That's the real secret. I don't know if you've noticed the few men that walked in here, but if you did, you probably noticed that they were all quite handsome. Just like you are. Isn't it funny?" Another giggle, bringing the sparks back into her eyes. 

"What's funny?" 

"Instead of beautiful girls, this place now only selects handsome and interesting men to please the residents. The whole goal of this castle is to offer a place for those women to live in peace." 

"Live in peace, but why?" 

"What do you think happens when a woman like Lucia walks on the street or in a mall?" 

"She attracts a lot of stares." Somehow my minds begins to understand this place. 

"Yes, but sometimes much more than that. So they come here to rest or to live depending on what they feel like." 

I lean back in the couch, my hand now safely away from her thighs, thinking about this weird place. After a while, enjoying Vivian's caresses on my face and hair, I look at her: 

"Is there anything else I should know about?" 

"Well, each of the resident have a small pet name, but it's terribly discourteous to ask what it is. They will tell you if they like you enough." 

"Ok, I'll keep that in mind. Do you know where my room is?" I think I'll need time to adjust too this place...

"Ok then, follow me. " As I follow her up the stairs, I receive quite a few smiles from unbelievable beauties that wouldn't even look at me outside of this house. This will be quite a week!

After following Vivian and her teasing skirt to my room, I stand behind her as she unlocks the door. After months of merely looking at beautiful girls, I can't resist the intensity of her sexuality. Both alone in the hallway, I bend down and reach for her thigh below her skirt. She stops trying to open the lock and smiles faintly at the wall, not wanting to disturb me. After admiring her ass with my hand, I dive in between her cheeks and plunge in her pussy once more. I pull my fingers out and taste her again. "I want more of this Vivian, much more..." Unlocking the door, she steps in and I see my luggage in the corner of this huge room. In tones of blue instead of red, it's nonetheless quite striking. Silver replaces the gold, which gives an impression of clouds and lightning. And the bed, big enough for 6 persons, tells me a little bit more about the nights in here. 

With no expression on her face, Vivian asks me: 

"Are you sure you want me? I could ask for Lucia or anyone else if you would prefer. You don't have to do this for me, I'm used to begin around those beauties." 

"Stop that Vivian, I can't believe no guest ever wanted you!" 

"Some did, " Blushing and turning her eyes from mine, she continues, "but I know that some felt pity for me: living in such a sexual environment and unable to get men for myself..." 

"Oh come on Vivian. I can hardly believe that... anyway, now I want you. I may change my mind, but if you'd like, I would like you to stay here with me." 

"Of course I want to, Iann. Now, for the last time, take those formal clothes off while I close the door."

As I was taking my tie off, she turns me around and says: "There's one little thing, though. You can't take that thing out with me..." When she grabs my cock through my pants, I understand what she says, but have no clues as to why. 

"It's a small drawback for being a maid. I can do anything the guests want, but the cocks stay out maid's pussies. This... pleasure is reserved for the residents." 

"Right now I don't mind. ...but did you ever think about the whys of this little rule?" 

"No, not really, why do you ask?" 

"From my point of view, it's the only way they could imagine to prevent the maids from being chosen by the guests..." 

"Perhaps you're right, but for now, just shut up and undress..."

As I do, she pulls the strings of her skirt, untying the knot that held it in place. Shamelessly revealing her legs and bush to my eyes, she seems to like my reaction: I'm awed. She can't be much more than 17 or 18, a mature teen, and the sight of her exposed bush is way too exciting for me. Vaguely trimmed in the shape of a heart, it seems to pull me in. When she slips off the body of her uniform, her amazing black velvet bra appears, paralyzing me for a few seconds. It's definitely rich velvet, but so thin it seems ready to fall apart any second: it's clearly just for show! Behind this enticing veil, young and perky, but certainly enough to nicely fill the frail bra, her breasts call to me like oases. 

"Iann! " she says in an exasperated tone, "Are you going to stay there all afternoon?" 

Getting up, I begin to slip off my boxers but she stops me. 

"Please don't. It's not that I don't want to, but I don't want to get in trouble either. I only have four more months to go before becoming a resident. I'm sorry, but that's the price guests have to pay if they want to have fun with one of the maids: I can't get you off in anyway. You could get it out and I could caress and lick it, but I don't want you to surprise me with your cum. It's just a safeguard. " 

"Don't worry about it. I'll control myself." I don't know how, but I will.

Standing there wearing nothing but stockings and garter belt with that cruel bra, she looks like a little angel. But when I see her inner thighs glistening with juices and her nipples trying to poke through the bra, I know she's no Catholic schoolgirl. This girl is a bomb, a bomb that will probably explode against my mouth. When I reach her, both my hands slide around her back to cup her lovely ass. After a while of these wonders, I raise my hands to the clasp of her bra and pop it open. I then pull the straps down her arms and let the bra falls to the floor. As I pull her back against me, I feel her breasts squashing against my skin, burning two deep holes in my chest. Putting an end to my passive daydreaming, Vivian pushes me to the bed hard enough that I fall down on my back. 

Before I can react she's on all fours above me: "You'll have more than enough time to fondle me afterwards, but now, make me cum." 

Moving upwards, careful to rub her nipples against my face and mouth, she then walks her pussy just above my face. With a dangerous sexual glow in her eyes and a smile that promises too much, she asks me: 

"Wanna see my ass, or my breasts?" 

I raise my hands to her breasts in answer and she lowers her pussy to my mouth at the same time. When my tongue pierces her long slit, the taste that my fingers only teased about rains down into my mouth. But before long, the soft tickling of her dense bush on my nose turns into a savage grinding of her pussy against my mouth. I open my mouth wide not to hurt her with my teeth, but she only sees this as an invitation to fuck my mouth harder. Overwhelmed by her passion, I only try to do my best for this little angle that dances on my mouth. Since I placed my hands on her back when she started to go wild, I see her breasts flailing madly around, hypnotizing my eyes. 

But after quick minutes, she slows down and nearly shouts: "Suck it Iann, suck it..." Finding her clit easily now that she's stopped, I suck it in firmly in my mouth, squeezing it's nervous rim with my lips. When I begin to flick my tongue on the tip of her elongated clit, she goes mad. Screaming her climax out without any kind of inhibitions restraining her, she shivers from head to toes before grabbing a hold of the bedpost behind me. "Fuck me Iann, drive your tongue as deep as it will go..." And as I try to reach her breasts from inside with my tongue, she clamps her pussy around it, pulling it in deeper than I had pushed it. After this intense explosion she slowly calms down, sweat rolling down from her face down to mine, a few drops dangling from her extended nipples. I unquestionably made the right choice by wanting to see her breasts while I sucked her: now, covered with sweat and quivering with every one of her breaths, they are two young flowers blooming into mounds of them. 
