 I open the cab door and step inside, I sit down as the driver confirms my destination. All is correct so my journey begins. I'm not travelling far, I know that but I want to make sure that I'm at the right location on time. 

My phone bleeps, it's him. I tell him I'm still waiting on my taxi, I want to be there before him, so I can find a seat and get a drink. He tells me he's nervous, I should be too but for some strange reason I'm not. The journey takes all of five minutes before I've arrived, I thank the driver and step out of the cab, heading across the road to the pub we've agreed to meet at. 

I walk over to the bar and order a Diet Coke, no drinking for me today, I want to make sure that any decisions I make are made without alcohol clouding my judgement. I take my drink over to a table in the corner and remove my jacket, sitting down and taking a sip of my Diet Coke, the bar staff added ice and lemon with me even asking. 

I get out my phone and message him, 'I'm here, I'm in the Castle.' I wait for a reply, but it doesn't come. My heart sinks as I come to the conclusion that he's standing me up. I exit the messenger app and open Facebook, not really paying attention but thinking about him. 

We met last year online and hit it off right away, the first night we met we stayed up chatting until the wee hours of the morning. Talking about nothing in particular but talking about everything. Chat with him was friendly, no sexual content at first but as our friendship evolved so did our conversations. I realised that even though I didn't know what he looked like I was attracted to him, probably way more than I should be. 

Which was further confirmed when we first spoke on the phone, I wasn't nervous for that either but his voice and accent drove me wild. After speaking a few times on the phone we had our first occasion of phone sex... and boy did I cum hard! He sent me a few videos as well, videos that I replay almost every day since. I haven't saved any of his pics or videos, that would be rude considering he didn't give me permission to. 

It has been a week since he asked me to meet him, I was apprehensive at first but after the many orgasms he gave me with his words and moans why should I be? 

So here I am, in a pub waiting for him, worried he is standing me up when my phone bleeps again. 'Sorry been on calls, be there in 2 mins' I start getting butterflies and reply 'okay I'm getting nervous now' then he writes 'good that makes two of us, on way now'

I put my phone down on the table and take a sip of my drink, anxiously awaiting his arrival. The seat I selected has a view of the door and I can see anyone coming out of the hotel or coming into the pub. A few guys walk past without coming in and my anxiety goes into overdrive, what if he takes one look at me and runs away? I look down at the phone to see if I have anymore messages, I do. 'Coming out now' 

I look up and see more than one guy walking towards the pub, I wonder which one he is. The door opens and he walks into the pub, he looks around for a second before he spots me. A big beaming smile comes across his face as he walks towards me. 

"Hi Poppy" he says, his voice just as sexy in reality as it is on the phone and his amazing videos. 

"Hi" I reply and smile. 

"Okay?" He says, as if he's waiting for me to bolt out of the door. 

"Yes" I say with a nod. "More than okay". He asks me what I'm drinking and if I would like something stronger. I thank him but tell him I'm sticking with the soft drinks. 

"Do you mind if I have one? I'm so nervous" he asks. 

"No go for it and there's no need to be nervous." I say and he goes over to the bar, coming back moments later with a half pint of Peroni and sits down opposite me. I finally get a look into his gorgeous green eyes, they floor me with how pretty they are. 

We talk for a little while, just small talk but very much pleasant conversation. Suddenly I feel something touch my foot, I jump and he apologises as he moves his foot back. Our conversation continues much the same as before still pleasant and sweet. 

A little while later he looks at me, a way I've never been looked at before. I feel wanted and desired, like I've never felt before. 

"I want to touch you" he confesses. I smile and look into his eyes. "When I touched your foot earlier it wasn't an accident, I just want to touch you." 

"You only had to ask" I say as I reach across the table and offer my hand. He grabs ahold of my hand and begins stroking my palm, sending little crackles of electricity from my hand through my body. He looks at me with those pretty eyes with so much desire as he strokes my hand. I feel something stir inside me, a familiar feeling but much stronger than ever before. 

I excuse myself to use the bathroom, squeezing past him as I go. I feel a slight touch on my thigh and my juices begin to flow. I hurry to the bathroom and pull down my panties, they're soaked. I pull them off and put them in my handbag clean myself up a little, wash my hands and then head back out into the pub. 

I walk back to the table and sit down "Are you okay? You look a little flushed he asks. 

"I'm fine" I reply and reach into my handbag, grabbing ahold of my panties and hold them in my lap. "Hold out your hand under the table" I say. He cocks his head slightly at me but he holds his hand out. I place my undies in his hand, his mouth opens as he feels how my wet panties are. 

"Oh fuck, that's fucking hot!" He looks at me his eyes saying 'I want you' I smile and wink at him. "Come on" he says holding out his hand. I place my hand in his and stand up, grabbing my bag and coat as I follow him out of the pub. 

We enter the hotel, which I assume is very nice. I can't concentrate on my surroundings right now, all I feel is desire for him. He continues to hold my hand as we walk through the hotel towards the elevator, he presses the button and we wait, his fingers caressing my hand. The elevator arrives and a few people get off, we step inside, he presses the button for his floor and the doors close. 

As soon as the door is closed he grabs ahold of me and kisses me, his arms holding me close. I drop my handbag and my arms wrap around his neck as I kiss him back, our lips pressed together, our tongues intertwined. His hands run the length of my upper body and then down again to settle on my ass which he grabs and squeezes. 

I moan against his mouth and he breaks the kiss. "Fuck Poppy, you turn me on so much. I want you so bad!" He says as the elevator arrives on his floor, the doors open and we disembark. Heading towards his room, our pace quick, both of us eager to see where this desire takes us. 

As soon as we're in the room and the door is shut I'm pushed against it and his mouth is on mine again, I reach out to touch him but he pins my hands above my head and plunders my mouth with his tongue. He holds my wrists with one hand while his other hand goes up my skirt and rubs my pussy through my tights, I moan loudly into his mouth. His fingers feeling so good against my pussy. 

"Fuck, you're so fucking wet!" He exclaims and pulls me towards the bed. He grabs the hem of my dress and pulls it over my head, groaning at the sight of my red bra. He kicks off his shoes and pushes me down into the bed grabbing the gusset of my tights and ripping them open, exposing my dripping pussy. He growls and lowers his head, kissing the sensitive skin of the inside of my thighs making me sigh. 

"Mmmmmm Antonio" I moan, he growls again and buries his face in my pussy, licking me all over. His lips touching me as he French kisses my dripping cunt. My breathing quickens, moans getting louder, my body shuddering, my back arching off the bed as I feel it approaching. My orgasm, a much needed release. I grab the back of his head and begin to undulate, grinding my pussy on his face. He moans, sending vibrations through my pussy and triggering my release. I climax with a scream "Oh Antonio!!! Fuckkkkk!" 

He gets up and pulls me into a rough kiss, my juices dripping down his chin. He rips his shirt off, I groan at sight of his chest hair. His trousers are next to go, I smile at the sight of his bare cock as he isn't wearing underwear, he steps out of the trousers and removes his socks. I get off the bed and get down on my knees, wrapping my hand around his cock and licking my lips. I look up into his gorgeous eyes and take the head of his cock in my mouth. 

"Poppy..." is all he manages to say before throwing his head back and moaning as my mouth works up and down on his cock. He grabs the back of my head and begins to thrust in and out of my mouth, grunting and groaning as he does. I take him all the way to the back of my throat, sucking hard. "Nuhhhh stop..." he moans and pulls back so his cock is no longer in my mouth. 

He grabs my shoulders and pulls me to my feet, pushing me back onto the bed again and steps forward. Positioning his cock at my dripping entrance and laying on top of me. He kisses me again before thrusting hard into me, his cock sliding into my wetness. We moan together as he begins to slide in and out of me, fucking me slowly to start. He kisses me as he moans and his thrusts get faster and harder. 

My breasts bounce up and down, spilling out of my bra. He lowers his head and takes one of my nipples in his mouth, sucking as he fucks me. "Oh Poppy..." he moans as my arms wrap around him, holding him closer as his hip movements get even faster. I sense he's close to his climax so I use all my inner muscles to squeeze tighter around his cock. Which sets off another orgasm deep inside me, more intense than the first. 

He grunts as his orgasm hits, then moans over and over as he fills my pussy up with his cream. His movements slow as his orgasm subsides, my arms still around him, holding him close. He collapses on top of me breathing hard, then rolls off me, removing his cock, leaving me feeling empty. 

We lay next to each other our breathing returning to normal. "That was fucking fantastic... we're going to do that again in a minute but first let's head to the shower. See what comes up" he says with a wink. 

I smile and get off the bed, crooking my finger and gesturing for him to follow me . "Come on then sexy, show me what you're made of!" 

TO BE CONTINUED