 It was a nice sunny day, I decided to take my car down to the car wash and get it all cleaned up. I grabbed a tee-shirt and pulled on a pair of shorts, deciding at the last moment to go without boxers underneath. I thought it would be fun enjoying the freedom on this sunny day. Little did I know then how good this decision would be. The car wash that I frequent has a lane that you can let the workers put your car through, it includes the complete treatment, inside and out cleaning. My car is usually very clean inside, so I decided to save a few bucks and drive my car through the automatic lane. The ride in the automatic lane usually takes 5 minutes, sometimes more depending on the number of cars going through. It was pretty crowded that day, so I figured the ride through would take a few extra minutes. That was okay, I have nothing else to do this morning.

I pulled up and parked, going inside to get change for a twenty dollar bill. The auto lane takes coins and up to five dollar bills. That is when I saw her, standing there in line right ahead of me waiting for change. She was beautiful, shapely, with a gorgeous face and hair. Her breasts swelled under her tight tee-shirt, and her ass looked great in her jeans, it took all my self control not to reach out and grab it. I have always been attracted to the curve of a woman's ass. I love caressing it, holding it as she rides me, just thinking of it and staring at her ass started getting me excited. My shorts were not that long; I tried to control myself before everyone knew what I was thinking.

My luck changed for the better when all of the sudden she dropped her money and bent down to pick it up. I was not paying any attention at the time, trying to watch the TV to take my mind off her ass. I thought the line was moving when she bent over, so I stepped forward. I bumped right into her, my crotch smacked up against her ass, reflexes took control and I stuck out my hands, grapping her hips so I wouldn't knock her over. There I was in the middle of the lobby of the car wash, looking like I was fucking a complete stranger doggy-style. She jumped up startled slightly, after regaining her balance, my hands still on her hips, her ass still pressed against my crotch. 

Turning her head she said, "At least you could have kissed me before trying to fuck me," with a sly grin on her face. 

I must have turned 3 shades of red, and pulled my hands off her hips immediately. 

She turned around to face me and said, "Hello. I'm Lynn."

"Jon, I am sorry about that and nice to meet you Lynn." 

We both laughed at what had happened and started up a nice conversation sprinkled with references to the incident, and some nice sexual flirting. After getting our change we both started out to the parking lot to take our cars through the automatic lane.


"I hope you don't think I am being forward, but if you'd like to take your car through the manual lane, I will pay for it, and we can ride together in the auto lane, getting to know each other," I said.

Lynn paused looking at me, and then started smiling, "To get to know you any better then I already do will require removal of clothing," she said laughing at her joke, "Sure why not," she then added.

She pulled her car into the manual lane, and walked back to join me in my car. We drove into the line and got my car situated in tracks that would take it through. We talked the entire time about each other, and then the car started into the cleaning tunnel, where no one can see what is going on. I looked at Lynn, she looked into my eyes, and lust overtook both of us. We slide close together and started kissing, hands were roaming over each other's body, consuming flesh, and desire overtook us. 

Lynn pulled away and said "Let me please you". 

She leaned over and opened my shorts, smiling when my cock sprang free. She immediately took it in her mouth, licking the head, sucking it. I laid my head back; the thrill of being with a stranger, getting a blow job in public was so intense. I was like a school boy getting his first blow job. I could tell I would not last long. I wanted to reach out and touch her, but sat there paralyzed with the feeling of pleasure, Lynn's head bobbed up and down her mouth suctioning on my cock, licking the head with her tongue. She held it tight in her mouth, she was very experience in the art of pleasing. 

I could not take it anymore, I cried out moans of pleasure as my orgasm ripped through my cock. Jerking and exploding in Lynn's warm tight mouth, I came like I hadn't cum in a month. She took it all and swallowed every drop, cleaning up my cock right before we started the last section where people could see inside the car.

We gathered ourselves and I leaned over to kiss Lynn, tasting myself on her lips. "Follow me to the Marriott down the road?" I pleaded.

"Try to stop me," was all she said.