 Brad found the hotel that Lauren had texted him on and parked. With a beating heart he nervously made his way into the upscale hotel and went directly to the elevators. He was apprehensive about the whole bondage thing but, if it meant he was going to fuck that amazingly beautiful woman, he was prepared to do whatever it takes and whatever she wanted. He was a virgin and he just loved women so much. Lauren was like the stereotypical rich milf and he wanted her so bad he would do anything.

He got to the room as instructed and took a deep breath before he knocked. The door opened almost immediately and Lauren stood there grinning. God, she looked so beautiful, Brad thought in awe. Her golden hair was piled on top of her head artistically, still power dressed for the office, she wore a smart tight business suit with a light rose silk shirt.

"Right on time. There's a good boy. Come in."

Brad looked around as he entered. The room was spacious and luxurious with a very large four posted bed. He gulped when he saw a length of what appeared to be black velvet bindings next to each post.

"Strip. Fully, and sit on the bed," Lauren told him nonchalantly, as she went to a table where a laptop was set up, and continued doing whatever she was doing before he arrived. He nervously began taking off all his clothes and finished without her even once looking up from her laptop. He pushed his clothes under the bed and sat back down with his cock so hard it was sticking straight up. He sat there for at least ten minutes before she closed her laptop and looked over at him. 

"Well now. You look ready for play time," she grinned showing her perfect white teeth as she peered at him with ice blue eyes. She stood and went to a kit bag, that was on a side table, and unzipped it to reach in and take out a black flail. Brad gulped. Lauren looked at it curiously. "Hmmmm, ok, it just snaps out." She extended it to its full length. It looked a bit like a riding crop except with several foot-long leather strings on the end. She turned and looked at him grinning, still clearly enjoying herself, and walked over to the bed slowly. She reached down with the end of the flail shaft and moved his cock a bit. "So, are you ready to do this?"

"Yeah ... I mean yes, Mistress." 

"And you are to be a fully willing participant?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Good. You're not going to be running off crying because I left a few marks on you when I was using you?"

"No, Mistress," he gulped.

"Good. I'm going to collar you now. And when I do you're my slave. Understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."

She ran her flail slowly up his body before walking back to the kit bag. Brad watched with lust at the way her ass moved. He would do anything for a piece of that he told himself again. She came back with a plain black collar and gently put it on him, inserting a finger in to ensure it wasn't too tight. "How's that?"

"Fine."

She quickly raked up his chest with her red manicured nails and he gasped in shock. "Silence!" she snapped and slapped him across the face, leaving a feint red mark, "Slave. Fucking useless piece of shit. Your new name is Cock. 'Cause that's all you are to me. A cock. A fucking cock for my pleasure. Got it?!"

"Yes, Mistress!"

She walked back to the kit bag, working her hips as she did so. She got a long, stainless steel chain and went back to hook it onto his collar and then loop the other end around a bed post to clasp it secure as well. "Don't move. I'm getting changed." She took the kit bag and went into the bathroom.

"Holy shit," Brad whispered to himself and looked down at the red nail marks across his chest. He waited, very nervous, he knew he could unchain himself if he really had to but he looked at the laid out and as yet unused bindings with some concern. Then Lauren came out of the bathroom. "Holy shit," he said again as he gaped at her. She was dressed all in black, with a lacy black bra that her tanned round tits tried to burst from, long black gloves, a tiny leather skirt, black stockings, and long spike-heeled boots. Her golden hair was unfastened and tumbled around her shoulders. She held her flail in her right hand. 

"Oh dear. Speaking without permission. Someone is going to have to be punished!" She walked over grinning evilly, "Get on your hands and knees. On the bed. Knees right on the edge. Stick out your ass." As he complied with her wishes she put out the "do not disturb" sign and turned on the classical music station on the television. Then she walked behind him and, without any further ado, gave him a hard whip across his ass with her flail.

"Ugh!" he grunted and clenched his mouth. She whipped him again, and a third time, gleefully laughing with each stroke. Then she unfastened the chain from the bed post and tugged roughly, "On your hands and knees, Cock. Let's go. Like a dog." She led him around the room a few times laughing, and then to the full length mirror just outside the bathroom, where she examined herself at length. When he tried to look up she gave him a sharp little wack across the back of his neck with her flail. "I look so hot!" she remarked as she further examined herself, "And you look like a fucking little snivelling grub." She turned and lifted a spiked heel and dug it in his back painfully as she pushed him down prone on the floor. "Grovel, you fucking little shit."

"Yes, Mistress," he replied with a grimace.

"Come on then," she pulled the lease and led him back to the bed. "Up!" she commanded, as if he was a dog. "Same position!" He jumped up and did her bidding and she gave him another smack across the ass for his trouble. She took off a glove and reached between his legs to squeeze his balls. He stiffened. "Don't you fucking dare cum without my permission, Cock. Hmmmm you did do a good job of shaving. She caressed his balls further. "Now lie on your back spread eagle."

Brad was scared now but rationalized that she wouldn't do anything to seriously hurt him, and she looked so sexy that he was still willing to do whatever she asked, so he complied. Grinning evilly she took her time and tied each binding carefully to his wrists and ankles. He realized that he was completely at her mercy then. She put her glove back on and went to her kit bag and got out a long, black feather. As he lay squirming and gasping, she ran the feather over his body lightly, laughing all the while. Before he realized what she was about to do, she painfully pinched one of his nipples hard, and he yelped in pain, causing her to laugh again. Then she pinched inside his thighs as she looked at him grimacing and trying not to yell out. 

"God, I'm horny." She unfastened the waistband of her leather skirt. It fell to the ground, she wasn't wearing anything underneath it. He looked up, straining to see her shaved pussy with its puffy bald lips and long glistening crack. "You're going to eat my pussy till I cum now, Cock. You lucky dog!" She got on the bed with her legs along his sides and her back to him. She lifted her hips and sat on his face. "Yeah Cock! That's it! That's a good boy!" She started to gasp as he licked and lapped at his prize, the wet cunt being pushed into his face. She ground into him and worked her hips, "Tongue fuck my asshole, Cock! Do it!" She squat on him and pulled apart her ass cheeks so that he could try and push his tongue into her asshole. "Oh yeah! That's it! Yeah! Yeah! Eat my pussy again!" She grasped his cock in her fist and started to roughly pull him as he licked, and soon she was quivering in orgasm as she rubbed her pussy into his face.

"Don't you fucking cum," she gasped as she moved down a bit and sat on his chest. She pulled a packet from where it was tucked in her boot and ripped it open, pouring scented oil over his cock. "Don't you dare cum!" she instructed again, as she hand fucked him, the slippery oil allowing her tightly clasped hand to glide over his cock.

"Mistress! I don't think I can ..."

"Don't you dare fucking cum!" she hissed as her hand increased to a blur as she worked.

"I ... Mistress! I ...," then he grunted as a blast of cum shot out over his belly followed by another and a third.

"You fucking disobeying turd!" she reprimanded him as she milked out the rest of his sperm.

"I ... I couldn't help it, Mistress," he groaned.

"Well, it's going back inside. I told you not too, remember?" She got off him and scooped up a big dollop with her index and middle fingers. "Open up," she grasped his jaw and mouth roughly.

"I don't want too," he protested a bit, muffled with her hand squeezing his jaw to keep his mouth open. She just laughed as she fed him his own sperm, scraping her fingers clean on his lower lip, then holding his mouth shut as he swallowed. Two or three times more she scooped up the rest of his stringy gloop to feed to him and complete the process.

"Now now, my dear Cock," she crooned, "that wasn't so bad, was it?" She leaned forward and gently kissed him on the mouth. Her blonde hair fell around his face as she probed his mouth with her tongue, tasting the residual sperm from his mouth. "Fuck! I want to cum again!" she exclaimed. She reversed again and sat on his face in the same position as before. "Yeah! Eat me! Fucking eat that pussy!" she groaned and gyrated on his face until she came again. "Oh yeah," she panted as she clasped his hardening cock and squeezed and pulled him a bit, "You like eating my pussy, don't you, Cock?"

"Yes, Mistress," he panted as she got up. 

"Get it fucking hard again. I want it in me." That's all she needed to say and Brad's cock instantly hardened off the rest of the way. She worked it with her hand until she was satisfied and, grinning down at him, she swung a leg over either side of him and grabbed his cock to push it against her dripping sex.

"Oh my God! Oh, God."

"Quiet, Cock! Who gave you permission to speak?"

"Sorry, Missss OHHHHH!" he exclaimed as she slid down on his cock and it was quickly embedded deep up her cunt.

"Makes it all worth it, hey?"

"Yeah," he groaned in pleasure.

She fucked him, as he lay strapped to the bed, rising and falling slowly as her wet pussy sucked and clung to his hard young cock. She bounced faster and faster as her ass slapped down on his hips and her tits bounced in her black bra right in front of his wife open eyes. She looked down at him and knew he wouldn't last very long. "You're finally being used, Cock! You're good for something after all."

"Mistress ... I ... ahhhh oh, God!" His face grimaced as his release overwhelmed him. 

She laughed and fucked him faster before his cock could lose any more of its hardness. She concentrated on the feel of it inside her and came quickly, grinding her hips into him and panting with her hands on his tortured chest until his softening cock popped out of her hot, wet pussy. "Good boy," she gasped, "Your Mistress is pleased."

"Y-y-you are?" he asked with some disbelief.

"Reward time," she whispered in amusement as she looked at his face betraying all kinds of different emotions. She got off him and started untying his bonds. His feet first and then his hands. Then she gently took off the collar. "Cock is done for this day. Now Brad can take the rest of Mistress's clothes off, turn her back to Lauren, and fuck her like a man."

"I can?!" he exclaimed with excitement.

"Yes, Baby. You earned it. Undress me. Take me under the covers, worship my body, mount me missionary style, and use me for your pleasure. Fuck me real good."

"Oh, Jesus! Oh, God!" he grinned as he sat up and, moving over a bit, he pulled back the bed sheets.

She laughed as she lay back into the bed, rolling her eyes upward at his sudden eagerness. "Take these fucking boots off first, Baby." Brad seemed to be just as subservient as Cock and jumped to do her bidding. He pulled off both boots and socks and they clunked or floated to the floor when dropped off the bed. "Mmmmmm strip me, Baby, and then kiss and lick every fucking inch of my body. Worship me!"

"Oh, God," he said in near awe as he delicately pulled off her stockings and then her gloves. He went right for her breasts first, sucking the hard nipples while he squeezed and caressed them. Eventually, he made his way down her flat belly and then her smooth, shapely legs. She giggled and turned over when he did her feet. He travelled back up her body, spending a lot of time on her ass. He literally did kiss or lick every part of her. She turned over again, seeing his manhood fully recovered. "Mount up, Brad."

"God, you're so beautiful," he muttered in awe as he got on top of her.

"Don't be afraid to kiss me," she smirked. He immediately did, driving his tongue into her mouth with excitement. She reached between them to find his hard cock and pulled it to her opening. "Fuck me," she whispered. It was a good thing she was sopping wet with her fluids and his sperm and he already stretched her a bit as he just thrust into her, hard, inexperienced and eager. She gasped and wrapped her arms tightly around his back as he started fucking and grunting. He was young, healthy, and obviously very horny. He fucked her with an absolute passion. With stamina. Grunting, sweating, gasping in her ear. She came, yelling out with joy as her nails dug into his back and her legs hooked around his. When her orgasm passed she unlocked her legs again and he fucked her harder, if that was possible. His cock was slamming in and out of her wet pussy like a piston and he gasped and grunted with exertion as he did so. She ran her hands over his sweat slicked back. "Fuck me! Harder! Fuck my pussy!" she hissed into his ear and laughed.

He gave an exhausted grunt then and shoved his cock deep up her. She could feel salvia running down her neck as he gasped expelling drool and managed another few periodic thrusts. He winced in pain while she laughed as she racked her nails across his back and then grasped his ass to pull him against her. "Every. Fucking. Drop," she hissed into his ear before nipping on it, drawing blood. 

"Oh God," he gasped, panting as he lay on her trying to recover.

She pushed him off her so he rolled over, looking up at the ceiling as his chest rose and fell, desperate to suck in air to prevent himself from blacking out. She started laughing. He looked over somewhat confused and embarrassed. "I haven't been fucked like that in a long time!" she turned on her side and reached over to put her hand affectionately on his cheek, stroking him with her thumb. He gave her a lopsided grin. 

"I was a virgin," he told her proudly between gasps. 

"Mistress or I, we didn't put too many marks on you, I hope?" she asked in mock concern. "Turn over for me?" He did, amazing himself that he still had the energy, and she put her hand up to her mouth and tried not to laugh. There were long, angry red scratches on his back, and a blue-black bruise on his side where she had dug her shoe in; even his ass was covered in angry welts where she had whipped him. "Oops." She started to giggle, "You better make sure your mom don't see you like this."

"Is it bad?" he asked in concern.

"It'll be ok in a few days. So, do you live at home with your mom?"

"Ahhh yeah. I'm at school still, so ..."

"Sure. Were you thinking about her when you were fucking me?"

"WHAT!?!?! NO!! Holy fuck!"

She laughed in delight, "Oh come now. Some guys think about that. I'm old enough to be your mom. A milf."

"Jesus, no! That's fucking weird." He sat up looking offended.

She laughed even more, "Just teasing Brad. Want to take a shower with me? Wash my back?"

"Sure! Yeah!" he immediately answered.

"If you get hard again, you're on your own. I have to get back to work." She had to admit he did a good job gently washing her. Soaping up her tits and ass several times. Dropping to his knees to do her legs. When he finished she got out leaving him to wash himself, grinning to herself. She quickly dressed in her work clothes again and stored all Mistress's things in the kit bag.

He came out of the bathroom and quickly got dressed himself.

"Want to do it again, soon?" she asked.

"Yeah! God, yes!" he immediately and enthusiastically agreed.

"I have a strap on. I want to fuck you in the ass," she told him simply. "So be ready for that."

His face fell, "Ahhh do you have to do that?"

"Yeah I do. If you want to get laid again. Take me like you did just now, after I stopped playing Mistress, you have to take it in the ass. Sorry, Babe." She smirked at him, "I'll have to inflict some pain on you as well I'm afraid. It's just the way it is, Baby. You know that." She went to him and, after draping her arms lightly over his shoulders, started French kissing him slowly. "Ok, Babe?" she whispered.

"Yeah," he quietly murmured after some time. 

"Good," she said immediately and stepped back, "It's a good deal for you, Baby. I get to experiment a bit. Explore my sexuality. And you get to fuck a high end piece of ass like me." She went to her kit bag and returned to him, "It's called a butt plug," she grinned, "I think it'll stretch your asshole so you're broken in a bit. When Mistress calls for you, be freshly shaven again and have this in. He gulped as she laughed, "Now get out of here."

She gave him time to get clear before slipping out herself. She had picked the room to be next to a stairwell and had ordered and paid by credit card. She had to go to the front desk to get the pass key but she was able to slip out by way of a side door. In case Martin had a private investigator following her, she was careful. She doubted it but precautions were smart and just added to the excitement.