 He'd worked very late. He wasn't surprised to find the house dark and quiet. He found a post-it on the outside of the bedroom door. It read, "I'll try to wait up for you, but I'm really tired. Wake me when you get in." He slowly opened the bedroom door and walked in. All the lights were out. She had opened the blinds. The bright winter moon reflecting off the snow cast a glow into the room. He could hear her softly snoring.

He moved to the bathroom and undressed. It had been a tough day. But hey, what else was new. Every day was a tough day. He was tired and almost glad to find her asleep. Naked, he walked toward the bed. She had kicked the covers off and lay sprawled out over the center of the bed, also naked. She seemed to have a thing about wanting to sleep in the center of the bed when he wasn't in it. He stood in the moonlight and looked down at her. She was obviously sleeping pretty soundly, if the snoring was any indication. She was lying mostly on her stomach, but with her left leg drawn up high and close to her body. This allowed a glimpse of her left breast. It was full and lush and as he gazed down, he remembered the soft feel of it. He visualized her large nipples. He imagined the large rosy colored aureole surrounding the darker pink bud. Her bottom was slightly elevated. He looked down at the soft round cheeks of her ass. He was very familiar with every part of her body. Even though this position was limiting, he could see in his mind, the gentle curves of her bottom as it met her vulva. He knew every sweet spot and remembered the exquisite pleasure that each had offered. She was an open and responsive lover. He liked the interplay of real and imaginary visuals and immediately felt himself responding. Amazing. Sound asleep, without a word or a touch, she had the power to arouse him.

He gently sat down next to her, careful not to wake her. His hand reached out and touched the soft roundness of the cheeks of her ass. He thought for only a moment before deciding how to proceed. After all, he'd only be granting her request. With that, he reached out to touch her. His fingers began to probe her pussy. He was a little surprised to find it slightly damp and wondered what she might be dreaming about. He stroked her clit and squeezed on the inner and outer lips. The juices began to flow from her almost immediately. With his now moist finger, he circled around the outer edge of her ass. He spread her cheeks gently and watched, amazed as the tiny rosebud opening began to contract and open in response to his touch. He continued to stimulate her pussy and her ass and wondered how much it would take to wake her. As if in response to his unspoken question, she moaned and moved slightly beneath his hand. She was now totally flat on her stomach. He continued, in the dark stillness to finger her.

Penetration, in this position, with her body flat on the bed would be a challenge. He continued to stimulate her as he pondered. He decided to lie down next to her. She often fit her body to his during the night, though deeply asleep. It was worth a try. He lay down beside her, never taking his hand from her. Instinctively she rolled on her side with her back toward him. Halfway there, he thought. He moved his hand from her for the moment it took him to move again, this time away from her. She fell onto her back, moaned again and stirred. He wondering if she was beginning to wake up. Eager now, he positioned himself above her. Slowly, he gathered up her legs, bending them at the knees and pushing them against his chest. He moved his body into contact with hers, shoving her bottom up in the air. They both enjoyed this position. It allowed for deep penetration of either her pussy or her ass. And it allowed them to look at each other watching as well as feeling the pleasure that they shared. 

He paused for a moment to gaze down at her. She was an amazing woman; always ready for him; always eager for him. Sex with her was more open and honest and truly satisfying that with any other partner. She was a skilled and confident lover and brought out the very best in him. He smiled as he remembered some of the moments of their pleasure. She was still asleep, but continuing to moan and stir. He realized that the window of opportunity was now. With one sure thrust born of experience, he pushed the full length of his solid, hard cock into her wet and warm pussy. Her eyes flew open. His face was right above hers. Just before he opened his mouth to hers, he whispered, "You said to wake you when I came in. Just aiming to please, ma'am."