 Edited by Spencerfiction with thanks.

*****

"So how was the big date?" Lauren asked Lynn a bit sarcastically, "The first one not the second one." 

Lynn had on workout clothes, spandex shorts and a skimpy little top. She had her hair pulled back in a pony tail and she grinned over at Will as they sat at the table. 

"And don't go smirking at him," Lauren continued, "and DON'T go around this house groping each other. You want to be together, keep it in the bedroom."

"Wanna go back to your room for a few hours?" Lynn teased as Will looked down into his cereal blushing.

"And do it discretely!" Lauren snapped. 

"Yes, Mother."

"So?"

"What?"

"How. Was. The. Fucking. Date?"

"Oh! Sorry!" Lynn smirked, "Not thinking clearly this morning." She put her elbows on the table with her head in her hands and looked dreamily over at Will.

"Stop it!"

Lynn laughed, "It was fine. Stephen was really nervous. Almost wrote off his parent's car on the way over. He seems really highly thought of with all the University professors and stuff at the conference. I met his parents, school teachers."

"Heidi just broke with me." Will said simply while looking at his phone. Lynn and Lauren looked at each other and started laughing. "What?" Will asked them. Soon both of them had tears running down their cheeks.

"Jesus, I wonder why?" Lynn asked him.

"Said I wasn't spending any time with her. That our interests had grown apart and that I was distant."

"Ya think!"

"I think I'm actually going to miss ol' Howdy!" Lauren wiped tears from her eyes.

"Send her some flowers, Will," Lynn told him, "Write a note that you hope she'll be happy and that you'll see her around." Her phone sounded and she looked at it while her pretty little nose wrinkled a bit.

"Stephen?" Lauren asked.

"Yeah. He's not wasting any time. Wants me to go to a movie with him. Oh God, what a geek fest that's gonna be."

"You're going?" her mother asked her.

"Sure. He's a nice guy, I can't really say no. Then there's two paragraphs on, he says I don't have to if I don't want too, blah blah blah. Oh look! It's a double date! That will save some of the long awkward silences anyway. Brad and Amanda. I met them last night. Amanda's a real bitch. I like her." She typed a reply. Her phone beeped again shortly after. "Yeah this guy's in love with me for sure," she said as she read, "He's sweet though."

"Losing two girlfriends in the same day," Lauren smirked at Will.

"He's my secret lover," Lynn said with a casual remark. 

"You're going to have to get better at keeping secrets."

"You and Martin needed to know, Mother. We weren't really trying to keep it a secret from you two. I knew you'd figure it out eventually."

"I hope you know what you both are doing. And don't go getting pregnant! I'm going shopping and then meeting Martin at the club."

"Gonna workout. You wanna workout with me, Will?"

"Ahhhhh sure," he looked a bit nervously at Lauren.

"Keep it in the bedroom. I'm going to tell Martin. I'm sure he knows anyway, as you say, but at least it will all be out in the open within the house. We have cleaning staff though, so don't go leaving your underwear all over his room, Lynn, AND DON'T GET PREGNANT!"

When she left Lynn grinned at Will and they embraced in the middle of the kitchen and kissed tenderly. "Fun times ahead, Baby. Look for a geeky naïve girlfriend. Heidi was perfect but it's not a bad idea to move on from there."

"Sure. You coming to my room tonight?"

"You know it. I'll basically be moving in with you. If the maid sees two toothbrushes and my panties in your bed or laundry basket, fuck it. She'll also see my clothes in your closet and my birth control pills in our bathroom."

"I may have someone over. Is that wise?"

"It's a big house. Entertain downstairs. When you get another girlfriend we'll be more careful. Come on, let's hit the gym!" 

They worked out for well over an hour. Lynn loved the gym and spent a lot of time toning her body. Will didn't but just looking at Lynn sweating in her workout clothes was worth it.

They went back to his room then and in the large bathroom he peeled off her sweaty clothes. Her skin tasted salty as he licked down her sweaty body. He joisted her up on the vanity and she held the sides and lifted her legs to hang them over his shoulders. 

"Sweet and salty," he grinned up at her after the first lick.

"Mmmmmm," she leaned back her head and pushed his head between her legs. "Love it," she sighed as his tongue flicked up and down her pussy. She threw back her head and laughed as she quivered while climaxing.

"Me too," he murmured as he finished licking around her pussy before standing up with his cock at attention. She slid down off the vanity and took him gently by the cock to lead him into the shower. It was large and made with frosted glass and once she had adjusted the spray they stood under it and made out while the warm water flowed over them, his hard cock sandwiched between them. He backed her up to a wall and reached down to slide an arm under each knee.

"You be fucking careful now! OH!" she squealed as he lifted her up. Her wet back slid easily on the shower stall wall which streamed warm water. His cock was at attention and he looked between them as it slid off her bare pussy lips a few times before he managed to spear her with it. "OH!" she squealed again and he grunted as his cock slowly penetrated her.

"God! You're always so tight!" he groaned.

"You're not complaining about that!?" she laughed.

"God, no!"

"Fuck me then, Will! Take me! I'm all yours!" 

He did. Grunting as he thrust while trying to keep his footing. She slid up and down the wall as he fucked her. He found himself flashing back to being in the shower with Lauren and wondered what it would be like to fuck her like this. He gasped and fucked her faster as his cock started to tingle and the pleasure radiated down his legs. He groaned then as his cum shot out up inside her. He panted a bit before pulling out and easing her down. 

"Mmmmm I love it," she sighed.

They soaped each other up then and laughed and kissed as they finished the shower. They got out and dried off with big fluffy white towels. 

"I have to try and get some work done now for my online courses, Lynn."

"Sure. I'll just hang out with you."

"You're distracting," he told her, "Absolutely spectacular, gorgeous and distracting." She tilted her head as he kissed her neck.

"You'll be ok," she smiled, "If you get horny just fuck me quick and get back to your course work.

Will lasted a half hour before he gave up and went to join Lynn on the bed where she was reclining wearing just one of his tee shirts as she looked at her phone. 

"What took you so long?" she giggled as she tossed away her phone. They spent the rest of the afternoon in bed.

"I gotta shower again. Jesus, you got me so filled up it's leaking out!" She rolled over and padded to the bathroom as he followed her pert little ass with his eyes. "Stephen and the nerd herd are picking me up soon. We'll eat first and go to the stupid movie after. I'm going to ask them to come over tomorrow to hang by the pool. You too, ok?"

"Do I have to?" he yawned.

"When it was Stacy and Taylor you had no trouble. Even got a blow job, remember?" she reminded him icily.

"Ahhhh ok, sure," he decided it was best to go along with it.

"Mom usually tans on Sundays so you can watch her like you always do." He blushed a bit. "Amanda may have a body. It was hard to tell with the hideous dress she had on last night." Lynn went off to her room then to change. "How do I look?" she asked when she came back. She had on distressed faded blue jeans that displayed patches of tanned legs and a tiny top, that allowed a peek of her midsection, with a faded jean jacket.

"Yum. You're lucky I've cum like five times today or I'd rip it all off you."

"Poor Stephen is going to have a boner for the whole movie. Maybe I'll give him a quick squeeze and make him cum in his pants."

"You're supposed to be acting the good girl with him, remember?"

"Yeah. Right. See ya tonight. Listen, can you change the bed? It's full of cum."

"Oh yeah. Sure."

"Hey guys!" Lynn got into the back seat where Stephen beamed lovingly at her. "Hot chauffeur!" 

Amanda in the driving seat looked back in the rear view with little daggers ricocheting back at Lynn. "Quite a palace you have here, Princess."

"It's nice. Say, would all of you like to come over tomorrow afternoon to hang out by the pool for a few hours? Stephen and Brad readily agreed but Amanda was a bit hesitant. "Come on now, Mandy. I want to get to know you a bit. Sitting in a dark room where you're not allowed to talk don't really work well for that."

"No one calls me Mandy."

"See! We're already starting to get to know each other a bit!" 

Amanda reluctantly agreed as Brad was there looking at her with puppy dog eyes. 

"Water, Lynn?" Amanda looked at her in exasperation. "It's a movie. You have to have hot buttered popcorn and pop for a movie."

"I hate how popcorn gets in your teeth and I hate sugary pop. It's ok for mix I guess." Stephen looked at her uncomfortably. "What? No one drinks?"

"Oh yeah," Brad tried to talk gruffly as Amanda rolled her eyes, "I like a beer. You know, watching the football game and stuff."

"You watch football?" Stephen asked, confused.

"Ahhhh sure I do."

"News to me," Amanda commented.

They walked down the long wide hallway with the rest of the movie goers. Stephen and Lynn first with Brad and Amanda behind. "Eyes up, Brad," Amanda told him frostily. They found their cinema and got seats near the back with the girls in the middle. Stephen promptly spilled his pop so they had to move. 

"I'm going to get you another one," Lynn told him.

"Oh no, Lynn. That's not necessary. I'm fine."

"No sweetie. You guys wait and keep our seats. Comeon," Lynn told Amanda without asking.

"If he looks at your ass one more time all you guys will have to walk home," Amanda said as they walked back along the corridor.

"I'm sorry."

"Not your fault. So how come you don't have some big studly boyfriend?"

"Not my type."

"Stephen is?" she asked pointedly.

"I don't really know yet. It's a bit hard to get to know him. He's obviously intelligent but he's a mess around me still."

Amanda laughed, "Gee, I wonder why?!"

"Well, he had the courage to ask me out. He seems like such a sweet guy and he needed a date for that thingie yesterday. Jesus, he was so nervous asking me, I couldn't say no. I'm really not a complete bitch you know. He was absolutely terrified of me most of the time but still had the desire and courage to ask me out again. So he's trying, so I figure I would too. Try and get to know him. And he is cute, in that studious intellectual kinda way."

"Hmmmm maybe you aren't a complete self-centered bitch after all."

"Bonding!" Lynn laughed, "Girlfriends! Besties!"

"You're still somewhat of a self-centered bitch," Amanda said as her lip curled up a bit.

"Of course I am," she said happily.

Will was waiting for Lynn with a raging hard on when she returned home. She squealed in mock shock and delight as he grabbed her and hoisted her up over his shoulder. "Will!" she playfully pounded his back with her small fists.

"I'm going to tear those jeans off you, Lynn!" he growled as he carried her up to his bedroom again. 

"Ahhhh!" she squealed as he tossed her on the bed and then jumped on her. She continued to playfully fight as he tore at her jeans and peeled them over her hips. "My heels you fucking fool!" she laughed.

"Fuck, Lynn. Jesus, you drive me crazy!" He got her heels off and finally her jeans and panties with them. "Yeah," he grunted in satisfaction as his cock penetrated her. "God, I love you," he grunted as he fucked her. They fell asleep in a sweaty tangle late into the night.

They woke up late the following morning, made love, showered, and made love a second time. She pulled on one of his tee shirts and tied back her hair, "Let's get some breakfast."

"Like that?" he asked, a bit shocked.

"Sure. Fuck it. They both know we're together."

"So much for discretion, Lynn," her mother told her in disapproval when they went to the kitchen, where Lauren and Martin sat drinking coffee. Martin raised one eyebrow in surprise.

"It's just the four of us here so why pretend otherwise?" she said casually as she went to the fridge. Will made them coffee as she put some yogurt cups and cheese on the table. Will brought over coffee and after he put it on the table Lynn reached a hand up behind his neck and pulled his face to hers to give him a short but passionate kiss to the surprise of all, "Thanks, Babe."

"I thought I said no groping." Lauren stared daggers at her daughter.

"It's just a kiss, Mother. Oh, yeah. I'm having a few friends from the company over this afternoon to hang out by the pool a bit. Stephen and a couple of his friends from R and D that are dating. Maybe you can meet them, if you are around?" she asked Martin.

"Of course. Golfing this afternoon but before I leave if they are here."

"How nice of you, dear," Lauren said and she went over and stepped over him to sit in his lap facing him. He looked surprised as she draped her arms around him and sloppily French kissed him.

"Mother! Ewwwww!" Lynn exclaimed.

"What's wrong, Lynn?" she asked sweetly, "Its just a kiss, right?"

"Point taken," Lynn said sulkily as Lauren laughed and got up. 

Martin got up and took her by the hand, "Come on," he said, leading her out.

"What?" she asked, confused.

"I think we have to go back to bed for a bit."

After a bit of shocked silence Lynn and Will started laughing. "You go, Dad!" Will called after them.

Will and Lynn finished breakfast and ended up on a couch in the massive rec room. Will reclined and Lynn straddled him with her arms around his neck. They didn't have sex though, totally sated from the morning and the night before. Instead they talked, laughed, cuddled and kissed. Before they knew it a few hours had passed.

"Wow! Look at the time! This was really nice, Will. Just shows it's not just about sex."

"Yeah. I just love holding you in my arms, Lynn. You have to be the hottest girl alive. Seriously."

"Sweet," she kissed him again. "Got to get ready for the nerds. You're not going to get jealous of Stephen, are you?"

"Naw. It's the way it is. I know."

"You'll always be my first guy, ok? The Stephen thing, if it does go long term, will be an arrangement. Maybe I'll grow to love him too, but you're my main squeeze, got it?"

"Got it," he grinned back.

"And you find yourself another girlfriend too!"

Martin and Lauren were back downstairs again. Lauren was avoiding Lynn's gaze while Lynn grinned at her. Lauren wore the same black bikini with the wispy wrap that she had worn the night she had seduced Will. Memories came back and Will's cock started to stir a bit as he stole glances at her long shapely legs and her full shapely breasts. Of course she caught him and gave him a knowing smirk and wink.

Lynn changed into a one piece black swim suit and wore a baggy light button up shirt over it, unbuttoned of course. Will started to fantasize about being in bed with both of them together when the buzzer sounded. "Jesus, get changed Will. They're here. MARTIN!" she yelled, "THEY'RE HERE!"

Amanda was wearing a red one piece swim suit with ripped up jean shorts. She had impressive tits and a curvy body. Brad and Stephen had knee length shorts and tee shirts and carried beach towels. They both gaped at Lynn as she greeted him. When Lauren appeared Brad's mouth dropped open and Amanda shook her head. Stephen just continued to stare at Lynn. They both snapped alert when Martin came down wearing golf clothes and greeted them warmly. Lynn introduced everyone and he thanked them for choosing Cormorant Holdings and Manufacturing to start their careers. Lauren went to the garage with Martin then to see him off and they all went out to the pool. 

Will came down in baggy swim trunks and Lynn did the introductions again. The guys went to the large pool and started tossing around a football while the girls got down to their swim suits and sunglasses and lay on the comfortable deck loungers. "That's the most inept display of football I have ever seen," Lynn remarked, as the ball went between Stephen's outstretched arms and bounced off the top of his head.

"Pathetic," Amanda agreed.

"So, have you and Brad been seeing each other long?"

"No. We've really just dated a few times. It's not going any farther either, did you see the way he looked at your mom? The guy is a leech."

"I don't know him all that much but, in his defense, my mother has that effect on most men."

"Well, so do you."

"You're hot too, Mandy."

"Yeah, right," she looked over and grinned though.

"If I was a guy, I'd want to fuck you."

"Lynn!" Amanda looked over with wide eyes and then exploded into laughter. "You're so bad!"

"Have you and Brad ...?"

"No. Will's cute, though."

"Yeah, he is."

Amanda looked over at her curiously.

"He's not related to me, Mandy. I only met him two years ago. I just think of him as a guy, not a step-brother."

"Really?" She rolled to her side to face Lynn and Lynn did the same. "Have you ...?"

"What a question."

"Yeah, Jesus, I'm sorry Lynn. Even if you did, it's none of my business."

"Have you had much experience?"

"A little," she looked over and grinned.

"Not with?" she flicked her head towards Brad.

"God, no! Ahhh just between us?"

"God, yes! I'm glad I met you, Mandy. My old friends were just really casual acquaintances. Hot girls, so a bit bitchy and self-centered." Amanda looked over with an eyebrow raised a bit. "Ok ... Ok," Lynn laughed, "But I'm trying to evolve a bit. I'm looking for deeper relationships and not just with a guy. I'd like to have some good friendships, you know?"

"Yeah. I do. It's important."

"Well, Girlfriend. Tell all!"

"So, there's this guy that used to live next door. Four years older than me. I always had a crush on him. Like forever. So, last summer, when he came home from college, I was doing everything to catch his eye. I lived in bikinis, tight jeans, and yoga pants. Well, it worked. About half way through the summer he took my virginity. We went at it like rabbits then for a month or so until he went back to college. I was waiting for him to come back this year and then he sends me an e-mail saying that he got a good work term and wouldn't be coming home."

"That sucks."

"Yeah."

"But at least you got that guy next door. You'll always have those memories."

"Yeah." She reached up and wiped away a tear.

"Oh fuck, Mandy! I'm sorry!" Lynn reached over and hugged her.

"You're sweet. Not the spoiled little bitch I had you pegged at all."

"Well ... I do have that in me. It's how I met Stephen. I basically told him to fuck off staring at me and then had to find him and apologize."

"Really?! I was wondering how that worked."

"Full marks to him though, he asked me out. Poor guy was shitting in his pants but he did it."

"He's a decent guy. Really, he is. Sooooo," she grinned, "have you had much experience?"

"Ok, ok." She held out her clenched fist with her index finger and pinky extended like the devil horn sign done at heavy metal concerts.

"What's this?" Amanda asked, looking at her hand, "Some kinda gangsta shit?"

Lynn laughed, "Naw, I'm making it up as I go along, come on!" Amanda awkwardly curled her same fingers around Lynn's. "Sister swear!"

Amanda grinned, "Sacred Sister Swear."

"Even better. Yeah so ... Ahhhh ... When we all moved in together I didn't know anyone. We moved here from New York. Will's never been much of a social guy and he just moved from his mom's out east the year before."
