 Comments are welcome, and indeed encouraged, but do be aware that I am writing in UK English and what you think is a typo may not be.

* * *

Mark stumbled over a rock and pushed the branch of a tree out of his face as he tried not to lose sight of Amanda. They had been in South America as part of the research team for three weeks now and Amanda was impossible. It was as if she were going out of her way to break as many rules as possible, and make his life a living nightmare.

"Amanda, wait," he called, as loudly as he dared. She stopped and turned her head to look at him.

"What is it?" She replied disdainfully.

"You know that we're supposed to stay in sight of each other at all times."

"Then you'll have to start moving faster."

"This isn't a joke, the rules are in place for everyone's safety. This isn't a safari park, it's dangerous out here."

Amanda's response was to glare at him resentfully. "Don't patronise me Mark, I'm a trained botanist with as much right to be here as you."

"A botanist with no prior field experience," Mark retorted. It was uncharacteristically spiteful of him, but Amanda was really starting to get to him.

"That's the route of this isn't it Mark," Amanda snarled. "You've never taken me seriously. You know, three research trips doesn't make you Indiana Jones."

"I am perfectly aware of that Amanda," retorted Mark, "that's why I take the rules seriously."

They carried on in silence. Amanda was seething. Mark didn't know what was going on. They were both adults, and capable, more than capable scientists. What it was about each other that caused them to behave like petulant children he had no idea.

"You know it's not just animals you have to worry about out here," he said lightly, trying to break the tension. "There's also the legendary Chala tribe."

Amanda snorted derisively.

"Seriously, it might not be a legend," Mark continued, there have been findings, sightings even. Some people have dedicated years to finding them. But no-one has ever seen a member of the tribe and returned."

"Are you seriously suggesting we could be eaten by cannibals?" Amanda asked.

"That or each other," Mark replied. Amanda smiled slightly, and then tried to hide it. "I saw that," he pounced. "You smiled, I caught you."

"Just humouring the idiot," she snarked. But it was a gentle snark. "Look Mark, we're going to have to find some way to get on. You need to take me seriously as a scientist..."

"And you need to take the rules seriously," he interrupted.

"A bit of give and take would be nice," she sighed. "Some of the samples I've managed to get out here have been amazing. I know you're an anthropologist, but you could try a bit harder to drum up some enthusiasm."

That touched a nerve. Maybe Amanda had been just a bit right, Mark considered. Maybe his lack of success on the trip was causing him to drag his feet a little. He made a conscious effort to pick up the pace and adopt a more enthusiastic attitude. The afternoon went a little better. Amanda found more samples and Mark tried his best to help and stop nagging. For her part Amanda tried not to leave him behind.

The afternoon drew into evening and the jungle was bathed in a faint orange glow. It was time to head back to camp. Amanda was still retrieving a sample so Mark squatted down next to her to remind her of the time. Amanda sighed, but didn't argue. They turned to go, when...

They were surrounded by a group of people. Armed people, each held a spear. Mark had no idea how they had managed to sneak up so silently, the had just stepped out of the trees. They were a mix of men and women, aged from late teens all the way to early middle aged, though all were lean, healthy, physically fit and youthful. Apart from a few decorative markings they were completely naked in the evening sun. Mark tried not to notice, but several of the men were hard. They were looking straight at Amanda and Mark, silent, they did not speak a word.

Mark raised his hands carefully, trying not to make any sudden or threatening moves. Amanda was standing dead still, as if in a state of shock. Strangely Mark was quite calm. For some reason he didn't feel threatened by these people.

"We mean you no harm," he said as gently as possible. It was a pretty corny line, but he hoped it would work.

"They're hardly going to speak English," hissed Amanda, snapping out of her daze.

"It's not about what I say," Mark replied as calmly and passively as he could, "it's about the tone I use. Why don't you try thinking about that before you open your mouth?"

Amanda opened her mouth to speak and then shut it again, thinking better of it. Mark let out a silent sigh of relief.

One of the men stepped forward. Mark guessed he was they're leader, although nothing about him marked him as special. Like the rest he was tall and well muscled. He had dark hair and olive skin. His penis was erect, and Mark was seized by a momentary fear of what he might do to him or Amanda. Fortunately all he did was step to one side of Mark and nudge him gently with a spear. At the same time a woman nudged Amanda in the same fashion. Mark guessed that they wanted him to walk forward. He decided it was better not to argue with a man who held a spear in his back.

The group walked through the jungle in silence. Mark kept his hands up, he didn't want to give them any provocation. Amanda walked alongside.

"Mark," she whispered, "I'm scared."

Mark hadn't expected this, independent minded Amanda admitting a weakness. Mark checked himself, now was not the time to be petty.

"Don't worry," he said, softly, "if they were going to kill us they would have already done it. There's no reason to drag us along like this if they mean us any harm... I think."

"That sounds very reassuring," Amanda snarked. Mark smiled slightly, for some reason it felt good that Amanda hadn't completely lost her attitude.

After about twenty minutes walking, the group entered a clearing giving Mark and Amanda their second huge shock of the day. The clearing was clearly some kind of settlement, it was filled with dozens of people. All of them naked, like their ambushers. They ranged from all ages, young children to old people. None of them seemed in the least bit concerned about their nakedness, in fact, Mark realised, some were actually having sex in the open, utterly ignoring their surroundings. As Mark looked around, he saw that although the majority were olive skinned and dark haired, they're was some ethnic variation. Some black people, some white, one or two Asians. Mark had no idea how this was possible in what must have been a completely isolated community.

Their captors continued to herd Amanda and Mark onwards, past the assembled group who paid them no attention at all, until they came to a small cave cut into a rocky hill side. Amanda and Mark were nudged into the cave and then the group stepped back from the entrance. Three particularly strong and well muscled men rolled a large boulder towards the entrance of the cave. Amanda gave out a scream as the boulder was rolled in front of the cave sealing them in.

With the entranceway blocked the cave was dark, but not pitch black. Everything seemed to be illuminated by a faint greenish glow. The atmosphere was heavy and their was a sweet, almost sickly smell in the air. A shaft of light penetrated from above. Mark looked up, but saw that this second opening was both small and well above their heads. Amanda was curled up on the floor sobbing gently.

Mark knelt down to speak with her. 

"Don't worry," he said soothingly, "they're clearly not going to kill us, or they wouldn't have locked us up."

"You don't know that," Amanda snapped, "they could be holding us for some kind of ritual sacrifice or anything. We know nothing about these people."

"We know they haven't killed us," Mark retorted, "that means we still have hope. They'll be a party out looking for us by now."

"We went way off the planned route," Amanda sobbed. "I know what you're thinking, this is all my fault."

"It's nobody's fault," Mark replied. "Except those people out there. And they haven't done anything to us yet. We can breath we can still see, they might just be deciding what to do with us? I wonder what that light is?"

"Luminous fungus," Amanda replied. "There's some other plants in here as well. There's pollen in the air, that's what's making the air so sweet."

"I wonder why it's so hot?" Mark queried.

"No idea," Amanda answered gloomily. "It's not a plant. At least I don't think so. I'm going to get some samples."

Mark was glad that his attempt to change the subject had worked. If Amanda could concentrate on botany she might be able to keep her spirits up. In truth, he was far more worried than he had let on. This tribe, whoever they were, could just be planning to starve the two of them to death in this cave. Not a pleasant thought.

Mark slipped off his jacket. It was so terribly hot in here. He had to sit down. He realised he was drenched in sweat. It was a horribly uncomfortable feeling, made worse by the sweetness of the air. It somehow made him feel sticky. He rested up against the cave wall and, as Amanda took samples and investigated their surroundings, he slowly drifted off to sleep.

Mark wasn't sure if he was awake or still dreaming, but in the dim light of the cave he thought he could see the shape of Amanda's body on the opposite side of the cave. She had stripped off her shirt. Her soft breasts was still barely contained inside her sports bra, but she was rubbing them vigorously. Her body glistened with sweat and she seemed to be writhing in ecstasy. He started to get hard, and finally drifted into a dream filled sleep in which Amanda danced naked in front of him.

Morning came, or at least it might have been morning. Light shone through the hole in the roof, but the cave was as dingy as ever. Mark got up and stretched. He was horribly sticky from a night of sweating. He stripped off his shirt, but there was no water to clean himself up. He felt disgusting. In the corner, Amanda began to stir, her shirt was still open revealing her breasts. So last night hadn't been a dream. As Amanda adjusted to her surroundings she realised that Mark was looking at her, gave a gasp of surprise and quickly folded up her arms across her chest.

"I don't think now is the time to be worrying about modesty," Mark commented. "Something in this cave is making us incredibly hot and I don't want you dehydrating out of shame."

Amanda opened her mouth to make a barbed comment, but then thought better of it and relaxed her arms.

"I don't know about the heat" she said, "but something in the pollen of these plants is having a soporific effect. It could also be affecting our bodies ability to cool down."

"It doesn't help that there's no ventilation," Mark remarked.

As they were talking something was lowered through the hole in roof. 

"Hello," Mark called out, there was no response.

As the rope lowered they could see that it was a bowl of green fruit, similar to watermelons, but the size and shape of a grape fruit. At least there captors were feeding them.

"Are they safe?" Amanda asked.

"Well it seems funny that they would march use all this way and lock us up only to poison us," Mark replied. "In any case we have to eat sooner or later."

Mark bit into the fruit, it was juicy and sweet, but somehow enormously refreshing. He devoured the juicy flesh ravenously. Amanda joined him and for some time they ate, not caring how much juice they got on there clothes. Both amazed at how hungry they were. Having sated themselves the pair collapsed on the floor, overwhelmed by the heat and bloated from their meal.

Mark found himself drifting off again. He wasn't tired, he couldn't be, he had been asleep for hours. Yet, somehow he found his head was becoming fuzzy as if his mind were out of focus. Strange thoughts drifted, uninvited, into his head. He couldn't be sure if he were awake or dreaming. The heat was stifling, his shirt and trousers drenched in sweat and sticking to him uncomfortably. In frustration he threw off his shirt and sprawled out across the floor. It didn't do any good and soon he found himself removing his trousers and lying back in his underwear. His mind started to wander again. He stripped out of almost all of his clothes, and yet he was still getting hotter and hotter.

As he turned his head back and forth, Mark caught sight of Amanda. Clearly in the same state as him she had stripped down to he underwear. Yet the heat wasn't bothering her. Amanda had thrust the fingers of her right hand between her legs and was massaging her pussy frantically. She was dripping wet, and Mark could see juice running down her legs that was clearly not fruit or sweat. Her eyes were clamped shut and her back arched, her gaping mouth gave out gasps of pleasure.

Mark's penis was all but bursting out his boxers and it took all his self control to keep from reaching down and grasping it frantically. He found himself tensing up from the effort, as Amanda's moans became louder and louder. In the end he had to give in and, stifling a moan he reached down and pumped frantically and his engorged cock.

At that moment Amanda's eyes shot open as her orgasm burst forth. As she cried out in desperate joy, Mark pumped harder and harder and then gave his own moan of pleasure as his cum shot out, drenching his boxers and flowing back over him. The pair collapsed, red faced and shamed, covered in their own juices, trying to forget what they had both seen.

Amanda spoke first, sitting up she looked straight at Mark.

"You want me," she said quietly, it was a statement not a question. "I know you do, because I want you. I'm bursting for you and it's going to happen. I don't know if it's the heat, or the fruit or something else but I need you. I know it will happen. We'll get naked and you'll get inside my tight cunt and I'll squeeze and squeeze it out of you. I'm so hot for you, so hot, I need you now."

So saying she got up and undid her bra freeing her rosy red apples. Amanda was delicately built and lightly tanned. She stood like a jungle spirit, enticing him. She slipped off her panties, revealing the neat triangle of hair made slick from sweat and her own juices. Mark still said nothing, but his rock hard penis spoke for him. Amanda sidled over, seducing him with her movements and stepped over his chest, facing away from him. Then she lowered herself, displaying her sex to him like an animal in heat. Mark inhaled the musky smell of sweat, juice and fruit. It was all to much for him and he leaned forward and devoured her, lapping up her juices like a man in the desert who has found his oasis.

Amanda let out another frantic wail and collapsed forward. She pulled open his shorts and grasped his meaty cock. Her mouth enveloped it, sucking and sucking like her life depended out it. Her pussy thrust out, forcing Mark's tongue further and further inside. The two continued frantically tasting each other for what seemed like hours, but could only have been minutes, before Mark started to shudder involuntarily and then exploded into her mouth and down her throat. Amanda gobbled up his cum frantically as though it were some delicacy, before she gave out and with a cry born of impossible tension finally released, thrusting her head back before collapsing. Mark's own head fell back, his face covered in her and the two fell asleep side by side covered in their own and each others pungent juices.

It was impossible to tell how long they were asleep, but when they finally awoke they found another bowl of fruit waiting for them on the floor of the cave. Amanda dived at the fruit and devoured greedily, Mark followed hardly any less ravenous. The fruit filled their stomachs, and quenched their thirst, but did little to cool them down. The heat of the cave was still intense and they could do nothing except lie back covered in fruit juice and sweat.

Mark was feeling increasingly delirious, but he thought he could make out the shape of Amanda crawl on all fours towards him. She was still naked, and sticky from the mix of juices all over hear body. Neither of them had been able to wash and Amanda's odour was pungent and overpowering. A few days ago the smell would have made Mark nauseous, but now it was an incredible turn on. His cock rose up rock hard, as if saluting her. He reached out to grip it, but at that moment Amanda sprang. Her lips locked on his and her tongued forced his mouth open. Mark gasped in surprise, which only let her in further. Their tongues dance. She tasted of juice and sweat and the faint tinge of his own semen. At the same time disgusting and arousing. He couldn't stop himself, his tongue was caught inside her mouth. Eventually she let him go, breaking the kiss just long enough to lean one leg over and straddle him.

Mark looked up as she sat perched on his chest. She was flushed with excitement and arousal, her breasts, like soft apples, seemed to have swelled somehow since the previous day. Her pussy lips were engorged, red and so inviting. Somehow Mark's cock was even harder than it had been before. It took all he had to stop himself from snatching her up and forcing himself on her. Just as he was starting to loose his grip Amanda raised herself up and, holding her sex open with her left hand, gently lowered herself on to his penis letting her moist pussy envelop him. Mark let out a sigh of release, it was like coming home. Her vagina warm and inviting, massaging him firmly, but gently. Then she began to move raising herself up so slowly, and then collapsing all at once. Mark could not imagine how he did not come there and then, and yet he held on. Amanda carried on, rising and falling, Mark thrusting up to meet her. The pair moaned in ecstasy as they rose towards climax, like a boat on a river raising towards the waterfall. And then over the top, they released. Amanda's juices erupted from her all over Mark as he came inside her, his semen flowed like piss, seemingly never ending. Amanda crashed forward onto his chest. Mark wrapped his arms around her tightly and they kissed again.

Once again they slept, not knowing how long. But, when they awoke this time they were naked and wrapped in each others arms. They kissed long and deeply. They were interrupted by a widening shaft of light, as the stone was rolled away from the door. The tribe were releasing them. They emerged blinking in the sunlight, into the welcoming arms of the tribe who embraced and kissed them as new members. No-one spoke, they didn't need top any more. Mark and Amanda simply understood. The combination of the pollen and the fruit had changed them. Their sex drive had increased, as had their personal connection both with each other and the tribe. It was a form of telepathy. They could not read thoughts, but they knew what each other were feeling.

Mark and Amanda remained with the tribe. They lived in the shelter of trees, naked in the warm sun. Like the other couples in the tribe they kept largely to themselves, never speaking but understanding each others needs and desires. Every few days one or both of them would join a gathering party looking for food, and, on rare occasions, new converts to join the tribe. When new converts were found they would be lead to the cave, and after a few days they would emerge as lovers and tribe members. Amanda and Mark would smile and embrace the new members, remembering their own initiation. Then they would return to the shelter of the trees and make love for hours.

They spent much of their time making love now, they couldn't bear to be apart for more than few hours. They would fall asleep each with Mark's penis resting gently in Amanda's moist vagina, only to awake ready for each other again, they never tired of each other and their lust never diminished. After a few months of near constant sex Amanda fell pregnant with their first child, a daughter whom they did not name. There was no need, they instinctively understood her and her needs just as they did each other. 
