 Edited by Spencerfiction with thanks.

*****

Chapter 12

Lynn, Will and Amanda were out by the pool soaking in the last of the day's rays. "How was your date with Stephen the weekend, Lynn? Bowling? Maybe lawn darts this time?" Amanda asked.

"Dinner and art gallery."

"That sounds lovely."

"Soooo fucking boring." Lynn grinned at Amanda who smiled back. "Dinner was ok, the art stuff I could have done without but he's trying, I guess, so I gave him a hand job in the parking lot outside the gallery."

"What?!?!" Amanda laughed and Will looked over grinning.

"Sure," Lynn yawned and stretched, "Poor guy was terrified when I started unbuckling his belt. I had to tell him to relax that I was just going to use my hand," she laughed, "Fuck, his eyes were as wide as saucers."

"Was he hard?" Amanda asked mischievously.

"Hard? I could barely get the thing out of his pants! He was HUGE!"

"How big?" Will laughed.

"Like twice your size!" Lynn laughed and Will started to blush. "He could've have been that big," he grumbled.

"Ok, it was like at least a foot long. I swear. And I could barely get my hand around it. MASSIVE! Like I'm kinda afraid of it to be honest. My little pussy is not big enough to take that beast. Hey Mandy, did I tell you Claire said she was going to destroy my ass with a big black dildo?"

"No, she didn't?!" Amanda laughed.

"She did! Ask Stud there!"

"You just told me she did. She didn't say anything like that to me."

"What did she say, Lynn?" Amanda was immensely curious now.

"Oh, I challenged her a bit and got a bit snarky, I asked her if she wanted to fuck Will and she said she wanted to fuck me and destroy my ass with a big black dildo."

Amanda eyes opened up wide and she put her hands up to her face and sat up to look over Will at Lynn. It seemed whenever they were together they always sat or lay with him in the middle. "Claire Ivany said that?!"

"Yup. Scared the shit outta me. I actually went running. But she was just putting me in my place."

"Does she really want to have sex with Will?"

"I'm not sure. She's such a prude at times, that's why it shocked me when she said what she said."

"I went to talk to her," Will told them, while he tried not to smile, "I flirted with her a bit to soften her up. She asked me right away if Lynn sent me," he laughed, "And no, we didn't have sex, so don't ask."

"I talked to her again later and we sorted it out a bit. I learnt a bit of a lesson. I think my ass is somewhat safe."

"So, back to Stephen," Amanda asked, "Did he have an orgasm?"

"Oh my God, Mandy! It was scary! That thing started spraying like a water cannon! It's like it had a mind of its own!"

"Did ... ahhhh ... did you use your mouth at all?" Will asked.

"No!" Lynn slapped him on the thigh as she sat up to look across at Amanda, "I never done that before."

"You haven't?!" said Amanda, a bit shocked.

"Nope. You?"

Will reached up to pull down his sun glasses to look at Amanda with a grin.

"I've only been with one other guy besides you, Will. But yes, we had oral sex a few times."

"What was it like?" Lynn asked.

"I loved him, or thought I did, so giving him pleasure like that was uplifting. Tell me about the hand job!"

"Ok ... Well, I fished it out. He was all shocked and mumbling and confused ... you know, being Stephen. It was BIG! Long, thick and meaty. I could barely get my hand around it!"

"Stephen?" asked Will, a bit skeptical.

"Like twice the size of your little inch worm! Stephen was looking down all terrified. I had to tell him a few times that I was just going to tug it a few times ... and I did ... and ..." She looked at Amanda who was looking back enraptured ... "BANG!"

"EEEK!" Amanda jumped as Lynn laughed, "You bitch!" she exclaimed before joining in with her friends and they all chuckled. "Go on! He came, did he?"

"Cum? Oh my God, Mandy, it was like a water cannon! It shot out and up a few times all over his dress shirt. Then I let go, 'cause I was fucking afraid, and it was flopping around still squirting!"

"You're making this up!" Will laughed hard.

"No! I swear to fuck! What a mess! There was goo everywhere! I got some napkins from the glove box and gave it to him, I wasn't cleaning up! It's a lucky thing I didn't have to swim out!" Amanda started making gurgling sounds, she was laughing so much. "So he mopped up the best he could and, it's Stephen you know, so he thanked me and kissed me on the cheek when he managed to get ol' Smoky back in its lair."

"You're funny, Lynn!" Amanda wiped the tears from her eyes and Lynn grinned back. "So seriously though. You never ahhhh ..."

"Gave a blow job? No. I'd like to try though."

Will looked over, serious now all of a sudden.

"Why don't you ... ahhhh ..." Amanda flicked her head towards Will.

"Could you show me?"

"We could ... ahhhh," Amanda colored prettily, "double team him again?"

"Oh God!" Will said with wide excited eyes as he looked from one to the other.

"Hmmmm," Lynn lingered, to torment Will a bit. "Sure," she agreed after some time.

"Oh, thank you, God! Thank you! Thank you!" he prayed, as he quickly tugged down his trunks, as the girls giggled as his hard, rigid cock was displayed.

"Not eager is he?" Lynn asked.

"A guy just living the dream," Mandy grinned at Will as she helped him get his trunks off over his legs. The girls put the cushions from their chairs down on the concrete on both sides of Will. "Ok, so I'm not an expert in this or nothing," Amanda informed them, "I just did it with one other guy a year ago." She reached and delicately took his cock and held it up, "He did seem to like it though," she grinned, "Ahhhh I always started with a kiss on the tip?" she leaned over and gave the head of his cock a long lingering kiss.

"Oh yeah," Will whispered, "This is going to be great! Your turn, Lynn."

"I get the feeling he's been thinking about this for a while!" Amanda giggled.

"Ya think?" she pulled her thick black hair over to one side and, taking his cock from Amanda, she looked at him with her deep brown eyes and delicately her little pink tongue licked the tip and then she kissed it like Amanda had done. 

"Oh my God," Will whispered as he and Lynn made eye contact the entire time. She grinned at him as she rose back up. 

"A long slow lick up the shaft," Amanda said, as she leaned in again.

"Ohhhh yeah," Will hissed as she slowly licked the length of his cock. He exhaled slowly in pleasure as Lynn followed suit. "Can two of you do that at the same time?" he asked.

"I don't want my tongue to touch her tongue! That's gross!" Lynn exclaimed.

"Hey!" Amanda protested.

"Hey, Mandy baby, you know I love you but come on!"

"We're sucking his cock, Lynn," she giggled, "How much grosser will it be if our tongues touched?"

"It is gross isn't it?" Lynn asked clinically, "all veined and hairy. Ready to spit at me at any time."

"The tip isn't bad," Amanda told her and leaned forward to take his cock and rubbed the purple glistening tip against her stuck out tongue, making eye contact with him as he looked down at her.

"So nice, Mandy," he whispered.

"Here," Lynn took him and did the same.

"Just take the head in your mouth now, Lynn. Just the head. Wrap your lips around it tight and pull back over it." Amanda instructed her.

"Ohhhh God!" Will gasped as Lynn slowly did as instructed.

"And now lips over it tight and work it over his shaft. How much you take into your mouth is up to you." She went down on him and her head bobbed and he groaned in pleasure until most of it had disappeared inside her mouth and she gagged a bit before coming off him, leaving a line of spittle connecting his cock to her mouth.

"Ewwww," Lynn looked at her, "You gobbered all over it!"

"Lets you give him some nice hand action at the same time," she replied as she moved her hand slowly but firmly and completely over his erection as he groaned in pleasure.

"Alright. Fuck, if this was Stephen we'd be dripping in it by now. Let me see?" Lynn took his cock in her mouth and slowly slid her mouth over him as she took him in. Will groaned in pleasure and eventually she gagged a bit and came up quickly sputtering, as Amanda laughed.

"We're not expect cock suckers!" she reached over to squeeze Lynn's shoulder as she made a face and wiped her mouth, "I suppose that's a good thing!" She took Will's cock back and went down on him again. She made some soft but deep guttural noise as her head rose and fell on him. 

"Don't you dare cum in our mouths, Will!" Lynn informed him.

"I won't," he groaned, "Oh God, Mandy, that's sooo good!"

"Kathy hasn't gone down on you, I suppose?" Lynn asked him.

"Nope! Jesus Christ, Mandy, please don't stop!"

"You fuck her?"

"Nope."

"He's leaking now!" Amanda said in near awe as she came off him and held his cock up.

"Pre cum," Lynn said as she rubbed her finger on the tip.

"Going to be the real thing soon, ladies," he gasped.

"Taste it Lynn!" Amanda urged.

Lynn took her manicured finger up to her mouth and licked it. "Salty."

Amanda went down and licked his tip as more precum oozed out, "Mmmmm." She rose up again and pulled him slowly but firmly, "Cum for us, baby!"

"Let's see it, Will!" Lynn urged as well, as her hand went between his legs and gently squeezed his balls.

"Oh God ... Oh God ... ahhhhh," he grunted at last and the girls squealed in mock alarm but with fun, as a healthy stream of sperm shot out and over his belly, followed by another two squirts before just seeping out. "Oh yeah," he gasped, "Nice." 

"Dare you," Amanda said to Lynn.

"No fucking way!" she exclaimed laughing.

"Not all of it, just a little taste. It is like your cock sucker's initiation!" Amanda laughed back.

"You too?"

"Sure." They both took a small bit on their fingers. "One ... two ... three ...," both girls put their fingers in their mouth. 

"Tastes pretty much the same as the pre-cum," Lynn remarked, "Ok, fucker," she said to Will and moved in to give him a long kiss, her tongue pushing in and rubbing against him. She got no objection from him and he grinned back at her when she withdrew, "You animal."

"You too," he said to Amanda and she smiled shyly as she leaned forward and kissed him softly. Lynn watched grinning as she saw Mandy's tongue go in his mouth as well.

"Mmmmmm," Will slipped his arms around her body and pulled her on top of him.

"Mmmmmm," she replied as she felt a hand slid inside her bikini bottom and on her round shapely backside.

"Guys, I have to ahhhh send a few e-mails, ok? Be back soon." Lynn said grinning as she watched Amanda and Will kissing more and more passionately.

"Mmmmmm," he said and Amanda just ignored her as she tried to push her pussy against his still dripping cock.

"Your body is amazing, Mandy," he whispered around kisses as his hands freely explored her back, hips and most appreciatively her ass. 

"It's yours," she whispered back. 

"Mmmmmm."

"If it doesn't work out with Kathy, maybe you and me?" she whispered into his ear.

"I'm not really dating her," he whispered back as his cock started hardening, "We're just after going out a few times."

"Me and you get together, you can keep your relationship with Lynn and never have to worry about getting discovered. I'll share you with her. As long as you're satisfied." 

"Kathy's so nice though, I don't want her to get hurt."

"You gonna make love to me, Will?"

"Yeah. Of course. Here? Or inside?"

"Hot tub?"

"Oh yeah!"

They got up and he took her hand to lead her over there. His cum was smeared around her belly a bit now too and she wiped some off as she looked over at him smiling shyly. "You'll need a condom, ok?"

"Yeah. I got some stashed over by the hot tub."

"How many girls have you had sex out here with anyway?"

"Just you, Lynn and Heidi." He reached up on top of the storage cabinet that held the towels and got a condom.

"You're so sexy," she whispered as he gave her his roguish grin and he stepped into her to kiss her as she draped her arms around his shoulders.

"Won't be needing these," he whispered as he slipped his thumb inside her bikini bottoms and pulled them over her round shapely bum to slide down over her long tanned legs.

"I think you're a bit of a playboy, Will," she whispered, "Maybe I shouldn't be hoping for a relationship with you?" He ignored her and gently kissed her neck as she craned it from him, "Mmmmm," she seemed to forget what she was talking about as he kissed her neck, nibbled her ears, cupped an ass cheek in one hand and ran his fingers lightly along her side with the other hand.

"Come on," he whispered as he got in the hot tub. He held his cock up as she slowly got in as well. He rubbed it between her legs until the head stuck into her entrance and gasped as it began to squeeze in. 

"Oh fuck! The condom!" she suddenly exclaimed and jumped up, "If you get me pregnant, Will, you better marry me."

"OH God, Mandy! Sorry! Yeah I would, you know I would." He promised her as he stood up and tore open the package to roll on the condom.

"I'd go on the pill if, you know."

"Yeah. Let's try this again."

He sat down and she put her hands on his shoulders and eased herself down again. Once again he pushed his ready cock against her and she gasped as it penetrated her and she slid down fully on it. "Jesus, Will," she hissed into his ear, "You've gotten right into my mind! God that feels so good. I had my heart broken once though and this is dangerous. I could fall in love with you so easy."

"I had no idea, Mandy," he whispered back, "I thought it was just ... you know ... friendship sex."

"I know. And I don't want to freak you out. I'm just saying if I stop wanting you it's just 'cause I want you too much, ok?"

"I'd never intentionally hurt you," he whispered as he hugged her with his cock so deeply and comfortable embedded in her. He shamefully had to admit to himself that the only thing that concerned him at the moment was feeling the pleasure being generated from her tight pussy squeezing his cock. Nothing else mattered. 

"Hmmm," she seemed to be feeling the same as she started to fuck him in the bubbling hot water, rising up and settling into his lap over and over, "I want you forever, Will," her voice was hypnotic in his ear as her pussy squeezed and contracted on his cock. He just groaned in pleasure, "No pressure, Baby. I just wanted you to know. To think about, ok?"

"Ok," he groaned.

"Mmmmpt! Oh God! I just love the feel of you inside me so much! I need to cum!" She bit his ear and her nails dug into his shoulders as her body shook and her pussy contracted on his cock. His eyes rolled back into his head as his cock literally exploded inside her and they clutched each other in the bubbling water as they climaxed together. "Don't mean to put stuff on you, Will," she breathed in his ear, "Just being honest and looking after myself emotionally, you know?"

"Yeah Mandy, sure. God, that was good."

"It was, wasn't it?"

"You rabbits done yet?" Lynn called as she came out with three sweating bottles of beer.

Amanda put her face into his neck and giggled as she lifted herself off him. He pulled off the condom and quickly tied it to drop it over the side while Amanda climbed out to find her bikini bottoms. "I'll get your trunks," she told him with a wink. Lynn climbed in with her tanned toned body, and the beer, then Amanda returned with his trunks.

"You better remember that condom is there," Lynn told him before taking a swig of beer. He chugged half his as Amanda got back in and got next to him. He put his arm around her and sighed in contentment. 

"I'm one lucky guy," he sighed again.

"You are," Lynn agreed.

He sighed again, Heidi, Lynn, Stacy, Taylor, Amanda, Claire. Did Lauren count? Maybe he should put a firm check next to her name as well. Could he settle down with one woman? It would be hard to do now, he knew he was spoiled. Amanda did offer certain advantages as a girlfriend. He could handle that. He didn't want to hurt Kathy but, God, he wanted to have sex with her too. He knew he was going to have Claire again and he had been exchanging text messages with Taylor. She wanted him again although she had a steady boyfriend. Maybe he was a playboy, he grinned.

Chapter 13

"Yeah," he grunted, as he pushed deeply into her as his cock still throbbed with pleasure after cumming. "What a great way to start every day!" He brushed the raven hair out of her face as she relaxed her grip on him, lying there panting. He kissed her tenderly and lovingly.

"Off!" she grunted as she rolled him to the side. "Why do you always want to stay on top of me after you cum, Will?"

"Because I love you and I can't believe I get to start every day making love to you. I cum but I don't want it to end."

"That's sweet, Will. But you can love me without squishing me."

"We got some time, Lynn. Stop talking." He pulled her on top of him and they kissed for some time while he gently massaged her backside.

"I got to go shower before you get hard again. Remember how late we were on Monday?"

"You're beautiful. God, you're beautiful!" he exclaimed with admiration as he got on one elbow and watched as she pulled on one of his tee shirts and teased at her messed up hair. 

"I'm going back to my room to shower and change so you don't surprise me in the shower with another boner. Remember Tuesday?" 

"I could waylay you there when you're half-dressed and make love to you up on your dresser," he informed her.

"Remember Wednesday!" they both said together and then laughed.

"We haven't got to work on time once this week!" he continued to laugh.

"I'm locking my door this morning!" she stuck out her pink tongue before disappearing. 

"We're taking the Tahoe today!" he called after her and heard her giggling in the hallway.

Will went downstairs and quickly made himself some fried eggs and toast, which he had with orange juice. He could hear Lynn and Lauren coming down and fighting all the way.

"If the car needed gas just stop and put it in, Mother."

"Don't bring it back empty! God! It's not that hard!"

"I hate greasy gas stations."

"Don't take the car then."

"Why are you dressed so casual?" They walked into the kitchen. Lynn had a tight blue dress with black stockings and her hair piled on top of her head. Lauren had tight white jeans and a loose powder blue mesh shirt over a tight white tee shirt. Will loved it when she wore those tight white jeans, as they really accentuated her long shapely legs and incredible ass. He finished off his breakfast and tidied up while trying to steal a few glances. If Lynn noticed him ogling her mother's backside there'd be hell to pay but it looked so good he couldn't resist. Not that Lynn didn't look amazing in the tight dress but the white jeans were driving him wild.

"Day off," she grinned, "Much deserved day off. Getting my hair done, manicure, pedicure, some lucky hunk is going to get to give me a massage. Lunch with a friend and then shopping all afternoon."

"How come you never invited me?"

"You need to concentrate on getting to work on time instead of frolicking with your boy toy." 

Lynn grinned at her and Will blushed. 

"Mandy and I are hitting the mall after work and then going for a meal and a few drinks."

"Call the driving service, ok?"

"Yeah, sure."

Lauren slowly drank a glass of orange juice by the kitchen island while Lynn had mixed some fruit with yogurt and sat at the table. Will got some coffee and nonchalantly made his way over to stand next to Lauren while he looked over at Lynn.

He knew he shouldn't do it, that it would only lead one place and that place was between bed sheets but he really couldn't help himself. They were partially obscured from Lynn's view and he watched her. Her head was down and she was delicately eating her breakfast, so he slowly slipped his hand over and onto that magnificent white denim encased ass.
