 Edited by Spencerfiction, with thanks

*

"How was the dance?" Lauren asked Lynn when she padded down to the kitchen in her bathrobe.

"Won-Der-FULLLLL," she sang as she did a pirouette and a leap on the way to the fridge.

"You met a new guy?" her mother guessed as she looked at her with amusement.

"Yesssss! A wonderful amazing guy named Rob McLean! We danced away the night!"

"I see. Where's Will?"

"Upstairs in his room. I slept in my bed last night. Amanda stayed over."

"And she's upstairs with Will?"

"Yup-pers. Here!" She went over and showed a picture of Rob on her phone to Lauren.

"He's a cutie," Lauren remarked.

"Don't get any ideas!"

"Jesus, Lynn. I'm not going to be trying to steal your boyfriends. I want you to be happy."

"I know you bagged Will, Mom."

"I said 'boyfriends' honey, not 'boy toys'!" Lauren smirked.

"So, you admit it!" she cried in triumph.

"Nothing of the sort," she sniffed, "I'm a married woman."

"That never stopped you before!"

"Want to go get some breakfast? Then do some shopping?" she changed the subject.

"Sure."

"Why don't you go get Amanda?"

"Yeah sure. That'll be fun!" She ran off after chugging some orange juice.

"Mandy!" Lynn whispered so as not to scare the shit out of her best friend. Mandy slept naked across Will and he had a hand on her ass.

"What?" she looked over groggily with messed up bed head, "Lynn?"

"Mom wants to take us both to breakfast and shopping. I told her you might be busy fucking Will but she wanted me to check anyway."

"What? Jesus, Lynn! Does she know I'm up here?"

Lynn laughed, "Yeah. I told her you spent the night with Will. She knows you guys are together now. So, come on!"

"I didn't want it to be so open!" Amanda hissed, "God, Lynn I'm going to be so embarrassed!"

"Don't be silly! Grab a shower and let's go! I'm starving and I want to buy some sexy dance clothes. I'm going over to Rob's later this evening. We're going to dance in his mother's studio. Cha-cha-cha!" She vanished.

"Jesus!" Amanda hissed, and kissed Will, "See you later this evening?"

"I'll take you to dinner. Over at the Club, make sure you are on the membership list and show you around."

"That would be awesome, baby!" she kissed him deeply and passionately, "Lynn said she wanted to do that too. So we could play some golf and tennis and racquetball! You're too good to me!"

"Buy some knee high socks today?"

"Why?" she asked with a smirk.

"For bed," he said simply. She had got out of bed but she stood by the side and lifted her foot towards him. He took it grinning and inhaled deeply. "Mmmmm," he said as he kissed it, "You're going to get me hard!"

"I gotta shower!" she laughed, "More on my feet later!"

He looked at her backside as it wiggled into the bathroom. When the water turned on he grabbed his phone and sent a text. Claire. Could we meet 2day to discuss my paper on HR?

He was lucky, she must have had her phone close as she replied immediately, Yes.

Will call shortly 2 set up meeting. Then he went to jump in the shower with Amanda. She was almost getting out when he got in and she playfully slapped away his hands.

"Awww, she's blushing! How sweet!" Lauren teased when Amanda went downstairs. Lauren hugged her, "Come on, Second Daughter. Let's go shopping!"

"Awwww," Lynn grinned and they all went to the garage.

"Claire?" he asked into his phone as he watched Lauren's BMW pass through the gate.

"Well, now. What a pleasant surprise," she almost purred from the other end.

"You did say your husband is gone this weekend, right?"

"That's correct. Are you going to come over here and make me all tingly?"

"I can be there in twenty minutes. Can you wear that nun's habit?"

"Oh, you dirty boy! You want to fuck Sister Claire, do you?"

"So much."

"I'll text you the codes to get through the gates."

"See you in twenty or less," with that he dashed to his car.

Claire lived in a very private gated community. The area was well treed with homes spaced out and behind stone and wrought iron fences and gates. He punched in the pass code and parked his car up alongside a massive flowering shrub. Claire answered the door in a deep burgundy silk robe. Her hair was freshly washed and styled, she had just the right amount of well applied make up, and her fingernails and toenails were manicured and painted a light blue.

"Wow, you look good!" he said, as he went in and took her in his arms, feeling her slender body under the smooth silk robe, and kissed her hungrily.

"Come on. I'll get changed into my habit." She led him to what was obviously the master bedroom. "Another little kink of mine," she whispered as she lit some candles and closed the heavy curtains, "I want you to fuck me in the bed I share with my husband." She took out a folding tripod and set it up at the bottom of the bed but off to one side, "Help me with this?" There was a big painting of Claire and her husband at the head of the bed. They set it up on the tripod. "I want to look at my dear husband while a young stud is fucking me in his bed," she said with satisfaction.

"You don't like him?" he asked.

"Oh I'm quite fond of him really. It's just a kink you know. Taboo. I'm going to cum so hard this morning. It's going to be amazing! Fuck me as hard as you want, Will. I put some nice oil on the night table there too. Fuck me in the ass as well if you want. I'm going to get changed now." She smiled over her shoulder as she left and turned off the light as she did, leaving the room with only the illumination of several candles scattered around the room.

Will waited patiently with his heart beating. It was still so exciting even after having her twice already. As with Lauren and Taylor there was a whole added layer of excitement knowing he was with another guy's woman. He was a bit embarrassed that it excited him so much but it did and he planned on enjoying himself.

The door opened and Claire came in smiling. She wore a very realistic nun's habit with a large gold crucifix on a thick gold chain.

"Jesus, Claire!" he muttered and then started laughing, "Oh my God, it looks so realistic."

"You really shouldn't swear, young man," she said quietly as she smiled.

"Sorry, Sister," he grinned, "Can I confess something to you, Sister?"

"Well, normally a priest would hear a confession but if you want someone to talk to I can listen," she said softly as she walked over gracefully and slowly.

"I'm kind of ashamed. Can you come closer so I can whisper?"

"Certainly, my child." She serenely walked over.

He slipped his hand around her waist and whispered into her ear, "I'm having carnal thoughts, Sister."

"Men have carnal thoughts, dear. It's God's way of ensuring propagation."

"I'm having them about you, Sister," he whispered, as his hand found her ass and squeezed a cheek through her robe.

"Oh dear!" she said in mock alarm.

"My body is responding to you in ways that are maybe ... inappropriate."

"Oh dear. I'll have to pray for you." She slowly dropped to her knees while never breaking eye contact with him. "Dear God, may you bring this young man every happiness," she began, as her hands went to his jeans and unbuttoned them, "Allow me to assist him in purging himself of any carnal thoughts," his zipper was slowly pulled down, "My child, there is a lustful demon inside you that has to be exorcized to expel you of these carnal thoughts. I have to assist you in this using every tool I have. My hands," she found his hard cock and pulled it out, "My feet," she grinned up at him, "My breasts ... my vagina ... my rectum ... and my mouth." With that, and still looking at him with clear blue eyes, she opened her mouth and dropped her lips over the head of his cock.

"Oh God, Claire," he laughed, "This is so bad .... Oh God, that feels soooo good!" he groaned as he looked down at her in the habit, sucking on his cock. "So naughty! Why am I so hard for this .... Good God, don't stop!" She sucked on him while looking up at him the entire time before getting to work bobbing on him, slowly taking in more and more of his hard cock. "So bad," he laughed out loud again, "You're so naughty, Sister Claire!"

"You want to finish in my mouth?" she asked, as she came off him while still jerking him.

"Nope. On that bed, face down and ass up."

Grinning, she stood and pulled up the long habit to reveal black fishnet stockings with a garter belt, skimpy black lace panties, and shiny black high heels.

"Oh wow!" Will shed all his clothes as he watched Claire get on the bed in position, so that she could see her husband's painting. "Oh yeah," he breathed as he got into position behind her and ran a hand appreciatively over her shapely backside, "Thank you God, for this bounty that I'm about to receive!" then he slapped an ass cheek.

"OH!" she exclaimed as her ass jiggled. "OH!" she exclaimed again as he slapped her a second time. His cock was so hard, coated with her saliva and leaking pre cum but, he grabbed her tube of lube anyway and rubbed some on his cock. Getting a finger coated, he pulled the black lace panties to one side, and pushed his finger slowly up her ass as she gasped.

"Ok, Sister Claire," he got in closer and put the slippery tip of his very hard cock up against her asshole. And pushed.

"Oh God!" Claire exclaimed as the tip squished partly in and he withdrew it again.

"Yeah?" Holding his cock firmly he pushed it in again and grimaced as it penetrated her a bit more, "Oh yeah. God! Oh wow, that's tight! Oh my God!" Gripping her by the hips, he grimaced again as he pushed his hips forward, and pulled her back by the hips until he was absolutely fully embedded inside her. "Oh. My. God!"

"Oh God, Will!" she whimpered, "Fuck my ass, Baby!"

Will started slow. He knew he was so aroused now that, if he fucked her hard to start with, he'd cum in seconds. Also, he was enjoying the sights, of Claire in her habit and his glistening hard cock moving in and out of her asshole. He grunted, and she gasped and looked at the painting of her and her husband.

"You're so awesome, Claire!" he grunted, "Wow, your ass is so tight. You naughty girl!"

Claire laughed and started to recite a common well known prayer as he fucked her. He increased his pace now and looked forward to cumming, which he almost immediately did.

"GOD! YES! YEAH!! OH GOD!" he grunted as he shoved his cock in as deep as he could where his cock pumped shot after shot of sperm into her ass. Then he slowly pulled it out while it was still hard, and gaped in amazement as sperm poured out of her little round puckered hole, now somewhat stretched open, and started to run down her legs. "Oh wow! Now that's a sight!"

"Lick it out?" she suggested.

"Ahhhh think I'll pass on that."

She laughed delightfully, "Come on, baby! How many times do you get to lick your cum out of the asshole of the nun you just fucked?"

"Probably not a lot," he replied as he reverently ran his hand over a shapely ass cheek again.

"Come on! That would be a huge turn on for me!"

"Sorry," he said as he rubbed the leaking cum into her skin.

"Coward!" she laughed. "Well, get down there under my habit and eat out poor Sister Claire. I assume you'll have no issue with that?"

"None at all," he grinned as she turned over and reached for the pillow to prop herself up.

"Pass me my phone there on the side table?"

"You're not going to film any of this are you?"

"Of course not. I'm not stupid. I'm just going to text my husband 'good morning' while you're eating my pussy."

"You're bad!" he laughed as he got it for her. She got comfortable on her back and he wrapped his arms around her legs to spread open her neatly trimmed pussy with his fingers before getting his head fully between her legs.

"Oh yes, Baby!" she sighed in pleasure as he started to run his tongue up and down her wet slit, "Mmmmmm, 'Dearest Kevin. Hope you are fine and that the travel is pleasant. Thinking of you now as my twenty year old lover is down between my legs eating my pussy'. Oooooohhhh right there, William!" she gasped as he lapped on her clit, "That's right, Baby! Mmmmmm ... 'I am well'," she continued her pretend text, "'Except for a slightly sore asshole as a result of some anal by the aforementioned twenty year old lover'. YEAH! Ooooo that's right! Mmmmmm," she stopped her narrative as she really texted her husband. "Make me cum, Baby!" she urged as she tossed the phone to the other side of the king sized bed. Will continued to lick her and to try and get his tongue far up inside her to wiggle it back and forth while Claire descended into orgasm and thrashed and moaned as she did so.

"It's a miracle, Sister!" Will grinned as he knelt up and wiped off his face with his hand, "My cock has risen from the dead!"

"Alleluia," Claire panted as he pushed her legs open more and mounted her. Her pussy was dripping and he easily slid into her as he got up on his forearms and started fucking her as he looked down at her. He loved her mature elegant beauty with the crow's feet and the laugh lines, which now looked so sinful, being framed by her nun's headpiece. Her head moved slightly up and down as he thrust into her over and over.

"You're so bad, corrupting me like this," he laughed, before kissing her deeply and passionately, shoving his tongue into her mouth.

"You love it!" she grunted back with her legs hitched up and her hands clutching his back.

It was a long satisfying fuck. Claire came again and Will continued as his body was sleek with sweat. He built up to an orgasm slowly and then it crashed over him like a wave, as he gasped, while he pushed his throbbing cock deep inside her.

"You sinful boy!" she whispered as he lay on top of her panting.

"Wow ... that was good," he panted as he rolled off her.

"Let me get naked," she said, "We can cuddle some and then shower." She got out of bed and quickly stripped completely of the costume.

"Now aren't they cute!" he grinned as he watched her.

"What? Oh, my little breasts?" she grinned as she cupped them with her hands, "That's right. You haven't seen them 'til now." She got back in bed and on her back and Will gave her breasts a good long kissing and sucking. They went and showered then.

"Nurse next, maybe?" she asked as they kissed goodbye at her front door.

"Yeah! But I'd really like another visit with Sister Claire again real soon."

"Any time!" she laughed and he gave her a final kiss and ran grinning to his car.

Chapter 19

Rob had asked her to drop over about seven as his parents were going out for the evening to a dinner party with friends, so Lynn timed it so she pulled up to the curb at the address he had given her at six. "Oh. My. God." she said out loud in the car as she took off her expensive sunglasses to look at the house. It was a modest, 1950s design suburban home but the colors were slightly unusual. It was painted mauve with yellow trim and had a covered porch running along the length of the front. The front garden was alive with flowering shrubs, perennials and annuals, with an interlocking stone pathway leading up to the front door.

Lynn got out, grabbed her kit bag from the passenger seat and slung it over her shoulder. She had a crop top with a loose hoodie that was unzipped to display her toned and tanned midsection. She had light gray knee length yoga pants, new colorful cross trainers to complete the outfit, and her hair was tied back in a tail. She sang to herself as she walked towards the home, "I'm just a kid that's four, each day I grow some more, I like exploring ...."

"Arrrgggg!" she jumped as a bee flew close by as she got halfway up the pathway, "Shooo you little striped fucker!" she swung her bag at a few more, "What kinda place is this?" She took off running to the door.

Kate McLean looked at the pretty young woman swinging her bag at the bees outside her house. Rob had told them he was having a girl over to dance this evening. That was a bit of a surprise as he was a pretty shy guy and didn't socialize a whole lot, much less date. They were happy he had found a girl to hang out with at last but surely this couldn't be her? This girl had the body of a model. Yet she came up to the door and rang the bell. Kate went to answer.

"Hi!" Lynn exclaimed cheerfully as the door opened. She looked at the summer dress and strap sandals the older woman wore with some amusement and barely hid distain. "Is there a really cute guy named Rob that lives here? Kinda shy but a great dancer?" she said with a twinkle in her eyes, she knew she shouldn't but just couldn't resist herself. She gave Rob's mother a brilliant perfect white smile.

Kate looked at the stunning young woman and resisted the urge to slam the door in her face. "There is a Rob McLean that lives here. My son, actually."

"I knew that!" Lynn elbowed her way in, "You teach dance, hey? How cool. Is he around?" she looked at the furnishings with some amusement.

"Hello," the older version 'Rob' said pleasantly as he appeared, dressed in middle aged man golf shirt and khaki shorts.

"So easy to see where Rob gets his looks now," Lynn gave him the big dazzling smile. He smiled back self-consciously.

"Is he around?" Lynn purposely spoke slower to Kate.

"He's in the shower," she informed her coldly.

"Perhaps I'll tell him you're here?" Ray McLean asked her, "I don't think he was expecting you this early. It's Lynn, right?"

"Lynn Delaney. Yes." She smiled and then looked at Kate and waited.

"Would you like a glass of lemonade?" Kate asked with a weak smile.

"I'd LOVE a glass of lemonade!" Lynn tossed her bag on the floor. Kate looked at her a minute and Lynn beamed back, before Kate led her to the kitchen. "You really need to do something about that bee infestation you have."

"My dear bees are declining in population around the world. It's a crisis. They're pollinators. I plant certain plants and flowers to attract bees. Try not to wear scents and they won't bother you as much."

"I'm on a date. I don't want to smell like sweat."

"You guys are going to be dancing, right? Salsa? You'll sweat doing that."

"Hence the deodorant and perfume. As far as Rob will know I do NOT sweat."

"You're purposely trying to press my buttons, aren't you?"

"What? I'm actually trying to make a good first impression here," she lied.

"Rob?" his father knocked quietly on the bathroom door.

"What, Dad?" he replied a little irritably, "I just got out of the shower."

"Miss Delaney is downstairs."

"Oh? She's early."

"Your mother is entertaining her at the moment."

"Ok, thanks," Rob had just toweled off and looked down to where his cock was filling up and rising, "Just at the mention of her name?!?!?" he hissed at it.

"Hi, Lynn," he managed when he saw her. He was almost at a complete loss of words for as beautiful, hot and sexy she looked the night before at the ball, she looked equally amazing now in the tight workout clothes and the girl next store healthy look.

"Hi-eeee," she literally beamed at him and he felt his legs turn to jelly.

"I didn't expect you until seven?" He was dressed in soccer pants and a dry fit tee shirt.

"Oh! I thought it was six!" she lied, "But don't worry, I was just enjoying some wonderful verbal fencing with your mother."

"Verbal fencing?" he groaned.

"Is that what it was? I thought we were just having some lemonade?" Kate raised her eyebrows.

"Of course we were," Lynn smiled.

"You have such lovely teeth," Mrs. McLean complimented her, both reluctantly and enviously.

"Why, thank you! You have such a handsome son!" Lynn laughed as Kate McLean smiled back, Ron blushed, and Ray McLean just stood in the back and said nothing.

"We must be on our way. Hope you kids enjoy yourselves. Dancing," Kate added.
