 Edited by Spencerficton, with thanks. 

Chapter 21

"I'm sorry to hear that, Mandy," Lynn said with mock compassion dripping from her voice. 

"It's just a game of golf!" Amanda laughed, "It's going to be fun!" The two young ladies sat in the cafeteria sipping on mediocre coffee. Amanda wore a tight dark blue dress with her white lab coat, complete with pocket protector and ID tags. Lynn had on a peach two piece business suit, with the skirt well above her knees, showing off tanned and toned legs. She wore a snow white blouse unbuttoned a little to display her modest cleavage. 

"Knocking a little white ball around pasture land? But it's perfect. It gets all you guys out of the house for several hours."

"You're giving it up to Rob," Amanda gave her a knowing little smile.

"Like I'm going to burst if we don't do it soon."

"Ahhh hi, Lynn."

Lynn looked up with mild annoyance, "Oh hi, Russell."

"Haven't seen you around much lately."

"I'm not in your Section any more, remember?"

"Yeah. Obviously, I know that but you know I'm still used to seeing you around so I thought I'd say hi."

"Well hi. Say hi to Judy for me."

"Trudy?"

"Yeah that's it. Take care." Lynn looked back at Amanda and waited until Russ moved off, "He wants to fuck me so bad," she grinned at Amanda.

"Who doesn't?"

"I flirted with him a bit. Got him all horned up and walked away."

"Lynn!" Amanda exclaimed shocked and then started laughing.

"I was bored! Poor guy probably thinks I was actually going to fuck him. Ahhhh sorrrry!"

"You're bad!"

"I'm in love with Rob."

"Really?"

"Yeah. I think of him all the time. I need and want him soooo bad. The waiting stops this evening."

"Does he know?"

"That I love him or that he's getting laid?"

"Both."

"He don't know about the getting laid part. I'm not sure about the love part."

"Oh, he's in love with you."

"You think?"

"Yes, honey. He looks at you all the time. Even when you think he's not."

"Maybe he's just horny?"

"That too!" Amanda laughed. "So, I'll text you if anyone leaves before we think. We're having dinner after the game. It will be like eleven for sure."

"I'm picking him up at his house after work. You like my suit?"

"So sexy. That guy has won the lottery. You know that, right?"

"He's so sweet and honest and sexy, Mandy. I won it too!"

Lynn drove up to the McLean's and pulled into the driveway. Rob answered the door and gaped at her. "Oh my God, Lynn ... You look amazing ... oh wow ... I don't know what to say ..."

"It's just work clothes, silly," she smiled as she leaned in to give him a kiss, "You gonna grab some pool stuff? We have the place to ourselves this evening!" She looked at him with a sparkle in her eyes and a smirk on her lips.

"I ... ahhhh ... yeah I'll be right back. Ahhhh there's lemonade in the fridge." He went upstairs and she clicked her heels into the kitchen. As she was pouring out some she heard the front door open.

"ROB!" her mother screeched, "Tell Miss Corporate America she's parking in our place!" 

Lynn grinned as she walked out of the kitchen. She had an effect on Mr. and Mrs. McLean as well, as they looked at her in the smart peach business suit, the golden cormorant glittering around her neck, and her black hair pinned up to fall about her pretty face in ringlets. "Sorry Kate," she grinned, "I didn't know, I didn't see any oil puddles."

"Could you just please park along the curve next time, Lynn?"

"We're almost ready to go. You can pull the Chevy back in a minute."

"It's not a Chevy," Kate informed her frostily. 

"Oh! I can't really tell. Bad day at the library?"

"I don't work at the library and you know it."

Rob heard the chatter filtering up from downstairs but ignored it for now. He looked at himself in the closet mirror. "What does she see in me?" he wondered, "She's like the most beautiful woman in creation. Holy fuck!" With trembling fingers he reached into his sock drawer and pulled out the box of condoms he had got last week. "Am I reading this right? Oh God. Will I even be able to do anything without blowing my load right away?" He pulled out a string of six and put them into the side pocket of his kit bag. He briefly considered masturbation so he wouldn't be too aroused, then he realized suddenly and unexpectedly that he didn't have an erection. Would he be too nervous to do anything even if she wanted too? His stomach was turning to water and his hands were sweaty. "Get a grip, Rob!" he told himself and grabbed his kit bag to head downstairs.

"Well, I'm in Human Resources now but I'm mentoring." Lynn was telling Kate sweetly.

"HR, hey?"

"It's an undeserved rap. We do what we have to do. Everyone can't get everything they want and some do get disenchanted as a result. Oh! There's my man!" When Rob had descended the stairs she hurried over and, putting her arms around his neck, gave him a big wet kiss. "Love you, Babe." Rob blushed but still let his arm go around her narrow waist. "I'm bad embarrassing him like this in front of you guys," she winked at Ray McLean. "Sorry, Babe ... Mmmmmm," she kissed him again. 

Kate folded her arms and looked on in disapproval.

Lynn laughed as she turned to look at Kate again with her arm around Rob's waist.

"You kids have fun," Ray told them as he took his wife's elbow and led her to the kitchen.

"Sorry, Babe," Lynn laughed as they drove off, "I can't help myself, you know."

"I'm not complaining," he grinned, "Wow, you look so good, it's amazing." With a hand he hoped wasn't shaking too much he reached over to slide it on her leg.

"Ohhhhh Baby!" she laughed, "Now we're talking!"

He gently felt up her leg on the drive and was relieved that there was obviously nothing wrong with his penis.

Rob was introduced to Martin when they got at the house. He chatted with Rob for some time and reached to grip his shoulder when Lauren announced she was ready to go. "Fine young man here, Lynn," he approved.

"We better head off. Amanda will be waiting."

Lauren lightly kissed Lynn on the cheek before they left. 

With his heart pounding and his palms sweating Rob gathered Lynn into his arms when the door to the garage shut. She smirked knowingly before his mouth found hers. "Oh God, Lynn," he gasped between kisses, "You are so beautiful. It's almost overwhelming how beautiful you are."

"Mmmmmm," she kissed him back, "Make love to me, Rob?" she asked not wanting to waste any more time.

"I'll ... I'll try ..." he gulped.

"No honey!" she leaned back to caress the side of his face with her hand, "We'll make love. We have hours. If you're overwhelmed the first time there's still the second and the third. I just want to be with you. Come on." Gently she took him by the hand and started to lead him to the stairs. 

"I ahhhh have to get something," he went to his pack and took out the condoms and stuffed them into his pocket. 

"Why, Mr. McLean! How long have you been carrying those around?" she exclaimed in mock surprise. 

"Ahhh just ahhh today, really," he looked at her and blushed.

"It's pretty cool that both of us knew this would be the day," she smiled warmly, "Come on." She took him by the hand again and this time they went upstairs. "I'll lock the door so you'll be more comfortable," she told him and clicked it locked. She walked over and turned down the huge four posted bed. The pillows and sheets were brilliant white. She went to a nearby chair and took off her jacket to lay it over it. Rob moved over to stand behind her and put his arms around her.

"You're so beautiful," he kissed her neck and she stretched it for him.

"Mmmmmm I think you may have mentioned that, Babe."

"I can't help it, Lynn. You're absolutely exquisite. Stunning. I can't believe I'm here with you." With now visibly shaking hands he managed to unbutton one of her blouse buttons right above the belt of her skirt.

"You know why you're here with me, Rob?" she whispered, "It's because I'm in love with you."

"I love you too, Lynn! God, so much! I wanted to tell you but I thought I'd scare you off."

She leaned back and tilted her head smiling and he kissed her. The next button of her blouse was unfastened and, as their tongues flicked together, a third one. "Rob, I just wanted to tell you, let you know, that I'm not as experienced as you might think. I've only been with two guys, boyfriends, and that was over a year ago now. I went out with each of them like six months before we had sex and it was just a couple of times each."

"You don't have to tell me, Lynn."

"I know and I'll leave it at that. You don't have to tell me anything," she doubted he had much to tell based on what Kathy had said and now knowing him for a bit, "I just didn't want you to think that I was, you know."

"Yeah," he smelt her hair and then he slowly unfastened the thin black leather belt to her skirt.

"I'm starting to think you may be a bit more experienced than I think, though," she remarked as she stretched her neck for his questing lips again and he pulled off the belt to drop with a clunk to the floor.

"No. I'm just comfortable with you. I just want to be with you. I'm nervous but I want this so much."

"You're so sweet," she said as he found buttons again and finished undoing her blouse. He ran his hand around her mid-section and she could feel his erection pushing into her bum. "Oh, Rob!" she whispered. "You're giving me goosebumps," she confessed as she shivered. He pulled loose her snowy blouse to reveal a tanned shoulder which he kissed tenderly. Spying a hair clip, he took it out, and her raven hair spilled out over her shoulders and back as he pulled her blouse over her arms and off. Her bra was a white as her blouse and her firm young breasts swelled out.

"Oh God, Lynn," he murmured as he continued to kiss her neck and shoulder, pulling all her soft hair to one side. Her hands were on her sides and she reached back to grip onto his legs. His fingers quested along the waistline of her skirt until he encountered a clasp which he immediately unfastened and, after unzipping it careful, his fingers teased it down over gently curved but full hips and it slid over smooth legs to the floor, where she kicked it away. "Oh my God," he whispered again as he looked over her shoulder and down her tanned toned body which contrasted with her lacy white underwear and high heel shoes. 

"Wow," he said in a hushed awed voice as he stepped back a bit and, with trembling fingers, unfastened her bra. She took it off to toss it over by her blazer before turning around smiling. His mouth was hanging open as he raised a hand to move his fingertips gently over a perky breast. 

"Oh! They're really sensitive now!" she told him as he cupped and squeezed one.

"Oh I'm sorry, Lynn! God!" he said worried.

"No, Babe! It feels good!" she assured him and then grasped his tee shirt down by his ribs, he lifted his arms as she pulled it off. He held her around the waist and kissed her tenderly then and backed her up towards the bed. "Mmmmmm," she worked at his belt and pulled it open, getting a bit desperate as she pulled open his jeans and pulled them down.

"Oh God!" he said with wide eyes as he looked at her sit and push back to slide deeper into the bed. She giggled as he hopped on one foot as he madly attempted to get his jeans and socks off. She took her heels off and tossed them to thump onto the floor. She was down to just tiny white panties and now he was naked and got onto the bed with a cock so hard it stood up tall. "Oh!" he scrambled to fish out a condom and ripped it open to roll it on with trembling fingers and then looked back at her as he got into bed as well. Her panties were gone.

"Yes, Baby," she whispered as she reached to get a hold of one of his arms and pulled him on top of her.

"Lynn," he muttered with hoarse voice as he got on his forearms and she opened her legs wide.

"Lots of time to play more after, Rob," she reached between them and he stiffened as she found his cock and pulled it to her, "There, Baby, do it!"

He pushed and his cock entered her slowly. "Oh God!" he groaned. He couldn't take it and stuttered as pleasure erupted from his cock and he came as he entered her fully for the first time.

"YES, ROB!" she wrapped her arms around his neck and hissed wetly into his ear as his cock filled her.

"Lynn," he gulped as he started to move quickly inside her, eager to try and please her although he had already cum. She knew it but it didn't matter. It was more than the feel of his cock inside her. It was his warm body on her, all over her. It was his presence and knowing that they were connected, joined. It was knowing she was pleasing him, that he was making love to her, not just having sex with her but making love to her. She felt her body tingle all over as he struggled to keep thrusting inside her and she clutched him almost whimpering, a hand into his hair and one digging into his back. Her mind exploded like fireworks were going off in her brain. She was vaguely aware of calling out his name and as her orgasm passed she lay under him gasping as he panted wetly into her ear.

"Oh my God ... oh wow ..." she panted.

He lifted up his head and looked down at her as a big wide grin slowly split his face.

"That was amazing, Rob ... wow!"

"Oh my God, I love you," he started kissing her first on the lips and then down her body until he gently took a hard nipple into his mouth and let out a low growl of pleasure. 

"Take off the condom, Rob," she purred as he moved to the other breast, "You won't need them anymore."

He looked up, "Really?" he asked a bit confused.

"I started taking the pill just after I met you. I thought maybe you might want to wear one the first time, 'cause, well, you know."

"What?" he asked as he knelt up and pulled off the drooping condom that looked to her to be adequately filled. He rolled to one side and, taking some tissue from her night table, he pulled it off.

"Just start kissing my belly again and I'll show you."

"Gladly!" he agreed eagerly and went back.

She giggled and pushed his head down. "Lower, Baby," she purred and then gasped as his tongue pushed inside her. 

"Maybe I should get home, Lynn," he asked several hours later as they lay all tangled up together with the bed sheets and exhausted.

"I don't want you too," she sulked. Was it four times or five, he had made love to her, she wondered? She certainly had lost count of how many times she had climaxed but it was without question the most marvelous experience of her life, and she loved him even more than she had before. 

"I know. I won't if you don't want me too."

"God, you're a sweetheart!" she lifted her head and kissed him, "Come on let's grab a quick shower and I'll drive you home. I need to see you tomorrow, Rob. Seriously. Ok?"

"Oh God yes, Lynn. Every day!" He kissed her again.



 Chapter 22

"So it was ok, then?" Amanda asked a beaming Lynn. 

"Sorry! Sorry! I know I'm gushing here. I love him, Mandy! I mean, I really absolutely love him!" The girls were sitting outside the racquetball courts at the club waiting their turn. "I'm going to miss him so much when we go to New York next week!" she pouted.

"You have to see your dad before the summer is over. Plus it's going to be so much fun power shopping for a week! Think of the fun you two will have when you get back!"

"Yeah. I'm glad you're going with me."

"It's so good to see you so happy. So, Will said that you and he are ahhhh keeping your distance these days?"

"Yeah. I feel a bit bad 'cause I told him before that we'd always be together but the way I feel about Rob I just don't want to be with any other guy now. I just wouldn't feel right."

"I hope Will is going to be ok with it. We're together every chance we get but you know how he is. He has needs."

"He'll be ok. He adores you, Mandy."

"I hope so. Meanwhile, it's ok for you to love Rob and have some fun with Will on the side as well. I was really comfortable about us sharing him, you know? Seemed to be the perfect solution. Still does."

"Yeah, I'll see. Maybe when Rob and I are together for a bit and the novelty wears off." 

"You accused him before of being with Lauren. Do you think that's really happening?"

"No, not any more. I came out and asked Mother point blank."

"You didn't!" Amanda gasped. 

"Yeah."

"What did she say?"

"Well, first she told me it was none of my fucking business."

"That sounds like her," Amanda grinned.

Lynn grinned back, "Then she told me that we had an ideal situation with her married to Martin and that she wasn't stupid enough to do anything to fuck that up."

"That makes sense." 'I wonder what Will is doing this afternoon?' she wondered to herself.

Will had Lauren on her knees on a couch in their sprawling rec room, while Martin was upstairs working in his study. Will's pants were down to his knees and his face was wet with her pussy juices. He held her down with a hand on her back and looked with satisfaction as her heart shaped ass was up in the air, her cheek up against the cushion of the couch and his rigid cock was at attention, hovering just outside her bald pussy.

"Jesus, hurry up, Will! Your father is just upstairs!"

"You should have thought about that before you wore those jeans, Lauren," he informed her, looking over at his favorite pair of white jeans in a crumpled pile on the floor.

"God, you're so horn— AHHH!" She was cut short as he penetrated her and grunted in satisfaction as he buried himself completely and pushed his hips up tight against her ass. 

"That's so damn good," he grunted as he gripped her firmly by the hips.

"Fuck me!" she whispered back in a hiss.

"He's probably doing another paper or working on something with Martin. So, Kathy broke it off with Stephen?"

"Yeah. He's devastated, of course."

"Serves the fucker right," Lynn smirked.

"She said she wasn't really dating him anyway, that she just went on a few dates with him. He wanted it to get more serious and she just didn't. She just wants to concentrate on work and the upcoming semester. Told me she didn't want a guy getting in the way at the moment."

"I like Kathy. We need to all start hanging out more."

"Me too. That girl is ambitious and wants to do it all herself. Do you think she and Will had sex when they were dating?"

"Oh ... God ... yes ...this ... is ... so ... good!" Will grunted as his hips slammed up against Lauren's ass again and again. She made some little muffled noises with her face buried into the couch.

"I asked him but he's such a prune sometimes. Told me he wasn't discussing the intimate details of his relationship with Kathy. But I don't think so. They didn't really date all that long and just went to movies all the time. I don't think she fucked Stephen either. I don't think that monster dick could get inside her little pussy."

Amanda howled with laughter, "You're sooo bad, Lynn!"

"Seriously! It might have been what made her dump him!"

Lauren gripped the couch and groaned into the cushion as she climaxed. Will showed no sign of slowing down or tiring as his cock slammed in and out of her pussy like a piston. 

Will please call me soon as u can. Need ur opinion on something.  Claire laid her phone back on the restaurant table as she looked up and pretended she was still following her husband's droning conversation. She wanted Will's young cock inside her so bad it was driving her crazy. She had to have him again and soon. He had fucked her now in every costume she had and the nun's habit several times. He came to her office at least twice a week and fucked her in so many different positions and locations in the office, while poor Karen stood guard outside and yearned for him to take her over a desk as well. She knew that. She could see it in the eyes. And she loved it. 
