 Edited by Spencerfiction, with thanks.

*****

Chapter 15

"I still can't believe she broke up with you!" Lynn said again at the breakfast table. She shot a glance over at her mother. Both women had come downstairs that morning dressed in almost matching navy blue business suits with slacks and creamy white silk shirts and they scowled at each other from time to time but said nothing.

"She's a really nice person," Will said, "We both just felt that it wasn't what we wanted at the moment, you know? Kathy wants to concentrate on work, school, and her family."

"Your father's going to be a bit disappointed. I think he liked her," Lauren told him.

"He likes her but more for what she offers Cormorant. Our break up was amiable."

"She breaks up with an heir to a multi-million dollar company," Lynn said, "Wow!"

"You know her, Lynn. You recruited her," retorted Will. "That was one of the things she didn't like about me."

"Got to go," Lauren informed them, "Don't fret, hon." She went over and put her arms around Will and gave him a peck on the cheek.

"Ok, what the fuck was that?" Lynn demanded icily.

"Comforting a poor broken heart," Lauren laughed as she went to her daughter, who was sat at the table, and kissed her on the top of her head, "Like you were doing to him last night. By the way, the house isn't THAT big, I had to turn my tv up."

Lynn blushed a bit, "Yeah, well, I can only guess what went on around here that night I was out with Mandy."

"It's just like when you were a little girl, you'd leave your toys all over the house. You'd get so mad when I told you if you didn't pick them up I'd play with them. I guess you need to be careful when you leave your new boy toy just hanging around as well."

"MOTHER!!"

Lauren laughed as she walked to the garage.

"You fucked her!" Lynn hissed at Will.

"She's pressing your buttons, Lynn. She's playing with your mind, just like Claire did. You have to let those things run off you. Come on, or we're going to be late for work."

Lauren was in a good mood as she pulled out of the estate in the sleek black Jag. It wasn't a long drive to her building. She saw the prominent yellow sign of the fast food chain that was her particular weakness. Checking her rear view to make sure there were no cars she knew behind her, she pulled in. This one had both the drive through and a parking lot behind the building so she could indulge her little white trash cravings without the risk of any workplace assholes or country club members seeing her. She ordered a coffee and two of those sinful greasy hash browns and, with just a car or two ahead of her, she was able to drive up. 

One of her boys was working this morning, she could tell by his squeaky voice on the intercom. There were two of them. Cute and shy, maybe twenty, guys that always looked at her like she was some sort of goddess. Of course she always garnered a lot of attention from men and guys, even boys, but these two made her laugh. One would always go running for the other if he could and they'd be stealing glances and whispering as she licked daintily on her soft serve or nibbled on her fries. Of course she'd give them a view, crossing her long legs to the best vantage possible and letting her skirts and dresses ride up.

"Hi cutie," she looked at him with her expensive sun glasses and her golden hair piled up on her head. She was feeling mischievous. He stammered something back and passed out her order. She pursed her lips in a kiss and laughed as she drove away, leaving him there gaping with wide eyes. As she pulled out on the road and reached for a hash brown.

"Kathy broke up with Will?" Stephen asked her with surprise as they sat for morning coffee.

"Yeah. Wild, hey?" Lynn answered. 

"Well, she's so independent."

"Will is quite the catch."

"Kathy is too. She's independent and strong, and wise for someone so young, so beautiful ..."

"What the fuck are you trying to say here, Stephen?"

"Oh, Lynn!" it was like someone had instantaneously spray painted his face red. He looked at her with wide eyes behind his black framed big glasses, "You are too!" he tried feebly.

"So, you got the hots for Kathy, do you?" she asked as she looked at him with narrow venomous eyes.

"Lynn! I ... ahhhh you ... I mean ... she ..."

"Do you have any idea what you have here in front of you, Stephen?"

"Of course I do! Oh my God, you're like a goddess, Lynn ... but ahhh I find you ahhhh intimidating. You're just too hot, if that makes any sense at all."

"Too hot?"

"You've seen what I'm like with you. Knocking things over, bumping into things. I can't even talk to you properly. I feel like you don't even know me."

"Really?" She slid her chair back and stood up.

"Lynn! Wait!" he hissed, as several people had now looked over. Lynn ignored him and walked off with her raven head held high, her high heels clicking as she went.

Lynn went looking for Amanda. The two had become really close in the last few weeks and Lynn felt the need to talk with someone who was close to her. There was also Will but he'd just be trying to get her pants off. Did he fuck Kathy before they broke up, she wondered? You could never trust his answers. She was sure he had fucked Lauren. He had fucked Stacy and Taylor. Amanda. Who knew who else? Will was actually quite a slut, she thought. She knew Amanda wanted him as a boyfriend, probably as a husband, and she hoped her friend wouldn't get hurt. She was glad she knew that her and Will were sleeping together and was fine with it. Maybe between the two of them they could keep him satisfied. 

Two older guys in lab coats stopped at the door of the Research and Development Department and waited for her. It was the highest security in the building and to pass those doors you had to be authorized and have your ID prominently displayed. She was authorized but didn't have her ID on and it looked like one was ready to hold the door for her without swiping. They knew who she was, of course. Every guy in the building capable of having an erection knew who Lynn Delaney was.

"Sooo glad to see chivalry's not totally dead, guys! Thank you!" She gave both of them a beaming smile as she walked through and they grinned back. She got to Amanda's lab and looked in. Amanda had seen her right away and grinned. She was wearing a tight dark blue dress, with black nylons, with her short white lab coat on top. The gym sessions were really paying off and she had a very curvaceous body, with full breasts and full hips. Her light brown hair was straightened and she hurried over in high heels. "Hey, Babe," Lynn greeted her, glad to see her.

"Hey, Beautiful, what's up?"

"Big news. Find some privy?"

"Yeah, come on."

Amanda led her to the end of a corridor where the large window allowed for several large pots filled with majestic tropicals. "Kathy broke up with Will yesterday." Lynn just told her straight out.

"WHAT!?!?" A smile almost immediately came over Amanda's face.

"You don't seem very sad for them," Lynn smirked.

"You know I want him."

"Yeah. So do you want me to back off?"

Amanda's face dropped and she wrapped her arms around Lynn in a big hug. "What? Oh no, honey! Oh wow! You'd do that for me? Oh wow, Lynn. No, honey. I want you to keep him on the straight and narrow. You know what a sex drive he has. But two of us should be able to keep him happy. I don't mind him being with you, with our history and how the two of us ... well, you know."

"You know we'll all get drunk some night and end up in the same bed."

"Yup ... gonna happen," Amanda laughed.

"I got to find a real boyfriend."

"Stephen?" she asked confused.

"The twerp basically told me this morning that he's in love with Kathy."

"What! No?"

"Yeah. The little ingrate."

"That fucker."

"He's so dumb. He didn't even get laid yet. He's got getting it now. I'm breaking up with him."

"I'm jumping the gun as well. Will mightn't even want to date me."

"Oh fuck! Sure he will."

"I'm after giving it up to him a few times already, right?"

"He loves you, Mandy. I've seen him look at you."

"Yeah but he also loves you ... and Kathy ..." Her phone buzzed. "Oh my God, it's him," she read the message, "He's telling me she broke up with him."

"See? He likes you. I know he does."

"Eeeek!" she let out the little squeal of delight. "Sorry!"

"Gym time after work, ok, Sexy?"

"You know it, Babe." They kissed each other on the cheek. Lynn left her as Amanda hurriedly started texting a reply to Will.

Lynn went directly to Will's office.

"Lynn?" he seemed confused.

"Hey, Stud," she said sweetly.

"Hey, Sexy," he stood up giving her his panty loosening smile.

"Relax, you ain't getting laid."

"Oh," he said with disappointment.

"So, with the appropriate amount of public grieving, Amanda is going to be your new girlfriend, right?"

"I just texted her," he grinned again, "I think I've grieved enough."

"She's amazing, Will. And there's the added bonus of her knowing about us and being fine with it."

"I know, Lynn. Mandy is amazing. I love her. You know that."

"Good. You fuck her around and my legs close too. Just so you know. So, if you're dipping that dick into anyone else on the side, I'd exercise just the absolute amount of caution. Better yet, you have two beautiful hot lovers now, so that should be enough."

"Sure."

"Did you bed Kathy?"

"I'm not going to kiss and tell Lynn. We were going out. You knew that. If we did have sex it's no one's concern but ours."

"I think Stephen's in love with her."

"Really?" he was somewhat surprised.

"Yeah. I'm gonna dump him."

"What makes you think he's in love with her?"

"Just the way he was talking about her. Getting all awed and gushy."

"Oh well. Kathy's in my past. Amanda's my future."

"And me."

"You'll always be, Lynn. You know that."

"I know." She went to him and they embraced.

"Love you," he kissed the side of her head.

"Me too."

"You love you too?" he teased.

"No, knuckle head. I love you."

"Couch?" he asked hopefully.

"No! Fuck, Will, you horn bag. I gotta get to work."

His cell phone ran when Lynn left. Lauren's number. "Hi," he answered.

"Did I cause any problems with you and Lynn this morning?"

"Naw. She was a bit worked up. And now it looks like she and Stephen are finished now too. Seems he has a bit of a thing for Kathy."

"Awwww how is she?"

"She just left. She's fine. Amanda and I get getting together."

"Really? What does Lynn think of that?"

"She likes it. Nothing will change between she and I."

"I'm jealous of her having you every morning and every night."

"I want you too."

"Maybe some afternoon soon at a hotel?"

"God, that sounds good."

"Don't tell Lynn or Amanda a thing, Will. Even if they come out and ask you point blank deny it. Got it?"

"Yeah. Of course."

"Talk later."

"Love you, Lauren!" 

"Yeah, right!" she laughed as she terminated the call.

A few minutes after he had finished talking to Lauren, Amanda showed up. 

"Hi!" she said as she stuck her head in the door.

"Mandy! Come in!" he grinned.

She slipped in and closed the door behind her. When the door shut she squealed and ran over to him, carefully though in her high heels, as her big round breasts bobbed and jiggled as she ran. She threw herself into his arms and gave him a big kiss. "So sorry to hear of your break up with Kathy!" she laughed.

"Yeah, right!" he grinned back.

"That was a sweet text you sent me!" she covered his face with kisses. "We can keep our relationship a bit low key for a few weeks, so Kathy don't think there was anything going on when you were dating her, since you're committing now to a relationship with me."

"I would have broken up with her eventually for you, Mandy," he whispered. His hands were around her waist, she was so curvy and seemed to just fit against him so perfectly, like a jigsaw piece. 

"God, I can't wait to make love to you again, Will! I have to go! Hmmmm," she kissed him deeply again, "You have lipstick ALL over your face, handsome!" she giggled as she departed. 

Images of him lying naked between her and Lynn put a huge grin on his face as he went to his bathroom to clean off the lipstick.

"Well, Kathy!" Lynn said a bit icily, as Kathy poked her head around the door frame of her office, "Do come in."

Kathy closed the door behind her and went in to sit on the other side of the desk. "So, I'm assuming that Will told you that we agreed to stop dating?"

"He said you broke up with him."

"Did he? Well, I guess it was my idea but we did agree to that together."

"I was surprised. He's quite the catch to throw back, Kathy."

"I don't need a man to take care of me. I'm fully capable of doing that myself."

"So how long has Stephen had a thing for you?"

Kathy looked at her with confusion, "Thing? What thing? What are you talking about?"

"I just spoke to him this morning. He's borderline in love with you. I'm breaking up with him because of it."

"Oh Lynn!" She put her hands up to her face, "I didn't know! Honestly, I swear! He's a nice guy and I'm spoken to him a few times around the building, but the only time I've socialized with him was with you. I've never e-mailed him, or texted him, or called him, I swear. This is a shock to me! I didn't know anything about it. It didn't factor into my decision to stop seeing Will. Really. I swear. I'm so sorry if I've caused any problems for you. I so appreciate what you've done for me. I'd never ..."

"Kathy, honey!" Lynn jumped up from her chair to sprint around her desk. She knew Kathy was being one hundred percent honest, it was written all over her face. "I know, honey! Men are assholes!" She gave Kathy a big hug.

"Thanks, Lynn," Kathy sniffed wetly. "You know what this company and job means to me and I'm so grateful to you for going to bat for me and giving me the opportunity."

"You're making ME look good, Sweetie! Even old witchy-poo Claire Ivany had to admit I was right on this one! So, I'm forever in YOUR debt!"

"Claire is good to me too. She's tough but fair."

"So, are we still friends?"

"Sure, Lynn. Sorry about Stephen."

"Yeah, well you know, Kathy. I don't think we were even compatible. If he asks you out and you want to, go right ahead."

"Maybe I'll just keep my love life separate from the office."

"So, did you and Will ...?"

"Oh! Ahhhh well ..." she blushed, "Ahhhh maybe I'll just have a secret or two? Even from my friends."

"Come on, Kat. I didn't have sex with Stephen. He was way too shy and nervous to make a move. So, were all those movie dates really just movie dates?"

"You're making me blush, Lynn."

"Maybe some secrets are good to have."

Will had several tasks he was trying to accomplish but he was too horny to concentrate. He was thinking of having Amanda's curvy womanly shape in his arms. He was looking forward to spending a lot more time with her but, right now, he just had to get laid. He didn't know why, it's not like he wasn't getting any, if anything he was getting too much. He adjusted his swelling cock, for what seemed like the hundredth time for the morning, and gave up and went striding down the hall to Claire Ivany's office.

"Is Claire in?" he asked the secretary Karen, who immediately blushed, when she saw him.

"Yes, Mr Windsor. I'll let her know you're here."

"That won't be necessary. Just ahhhh maybe it may be a good idea to turn your radio up a bit. I'll try not to break anything this time." He winked at her and she blushed even more. It turned him on even more knowing she knew what was going to be happening, hopefully, in the office. He went in and closed and locked the door behind him.

Claire looked up from the glowing report on Kathy Byrne that she was reading. She heard the lock turn and knew that he was here to take her again. She immediately felt a tingling in her loins and leaned back in her chair trying to look at ease. "Mr. Windsor. How nice to see you again."

"Claire," he grinned as he went over and offered her his hand. She took off her reading glasses, set them down on the desk, and then took his hand. He pulled her to him as she stood and she went flying into his arms. Putting his arm around her slender waist, he sank the fingers of his other hand into her perfect page cut hair, and rammed his tongue hungrily into her mouth.

"Hmmpt," she tried to say something but his desire for her now was all-consuming and he kissed her fully and deeply while immediately pulling her skirt up.

"The couch, William ... the couch ..." she managed as he lifted her on top of her desk again... "OH!" she exclaimed, as he scooped her up as a groom would a bride. She still had her skirt up around her waist and Will could now see she wore a garter belt holding up her nylons. "I like this!" she grinned as he carried her to the couch. She had wrapped one arm around his neck and rubbed his chest with the other. "You make me feel like a girl again!"

"So sexy!" he said as he looked at the black garter belt holding up the black nylons. Her shoes clunked to the floor as they went. He looked with lust at her small dainty feet. The couch was a long rich red leather one with a few stylish cushions at each corner. Will laid her down with her back propped up in one corner and pulled off his jacket. Lust consumed him as he unbuckled his belt, released his pants and tried to get on top of her with his pants down to his knees.

"Now, now, Mr. Windsor!" she laughed, "I'm not one of your young conquests that gets all wet with just a glance and one of your smiles. I'm a mature lady and really should be prepared first!" she continued to laugh as she pushed him down by his shoulders, "Perhaps with a little oral stimulation?"

"Sorry, Claire. I need to take you to bed sometime soon and make love to you properly," he panted and whispered as he adjusted her navy blue shirt up around her waist and enjoyed the view of her dark blue silk and lace panties and black garter straps contrasted against pale creamy skin. He started to kiss every bit of exposed flesh he could access.

"Yes, William. You'll have to do that. My husband travels a lot. I'd love to take you to my bed, if you could ever get away from Lynn long enough." He didn't say anything back but pulled over her panties to reveal her very neatly trimmed pussy.

"Mmmmmm," he began to eat her.

"Oh yes, William ..." she sighed and laughed, "That's my boy ... oh yes, Baby ..."

Karen had closed and locked the door to her office with a "Back In Ten Minutes" sign. Now she was nervously pushing her ear tight against Claire's office door, listening. She had heard Claire say "couch" and had heard them move over there from her desk. Now the soft sounds of Claire moaning in pleasure reached her ear. Her mouth was open in amazement as her hand went under her loose skirt, to find her own sodden pussy, and she quickly got her fingers to work. 

Claire's pussy was amazing, it tasted so good and was so pretty with her groomed hair and brown wrinkled lips. Will didn't want to get his face in there too deep though just in case he didn't get a chance to wash up after, and encountered someone with his face glistening of aromatic pussy juice, so he mainly flicked the tip of his tongue over her clitoris. She seemed quite content, moaning, laughing softly, spreading her long legs as much as possible with one hooked over the back of the couch and the other extended off the couch. "I love it! Mmmmm yeah, Baby, eat that pussy!"

Just hearing her say "pussy", the refined and dignified Claire Ivany, turned him on even more, his cock ached for her.

"Done already?" she asked with disappointment, as he leaned back again. His pants were down and his cock was hard and at the ready.

"This is supposed to be a quickie, remember?" he got a leg and pulled her foot to his face. 
