 Edited by Spencerfiction With Thanks

*****

Lynn, Will, and Amanda all lay on a large cushioned bench along the side of the back wall of the house, facing the pool. The girls both wore small bikinis, Lynn's black and Amanda's bright yellow. Will had on checkered swim trunks. Lynn was reclined along the bench into a corner and Amanda lay on her back with her head in Lynn's lap. Lynn had a tanned shapely leg hooked over the girl and Will sat with Amanda's lower legs over his lap. He had hesitated a bit, as he and Amanda had not really engaged in anything sexual at all, before he had rested his hands on her shins. Her skin was nicely tanned but still contrasted lightly against Lynn's darker leg, which was hooked around her thigh just above Amanda's knees. Lynn grinned over at him in approval as he slowly started moving his hands up over Amanda's lower legs.

The sun was beating down and sweat drops dotted their bodies. "She's getting ripped," Lynn commented as she slowly started to massage Amanda's shoulders.

"It's only been a bit over a week, Lynn," Amanda sighed.

"Its water weight just evaporating away," Lynn commented, "What do you think, Will?"

"Extremely hot," he answered. 

"You're just saying that," Amanda said as she blushed a bit.

"He's always horny," Lynn laughed, "God, he can't stop looking at my mom."

"Jesus, Lynn!" Will objected.

"It's true!"

"Guys are pigs," Amanda laughed. "God, Lynn, please don't stop doing that!" she almost groaned.

"Feels good, does it?" Lynn giggled and winked at Will as she continued to slowly massage Amanda's shoulders, neck and upper arms. She grinned at Will and nodded towards Amanda's breasts. Hard nipples were quite obviously poking up and visible in her tiny bikini top. 

"Yeah ... so good ... you too down there, please don't stop."

"What ya doin', Will?" Lynn snickered, "Getting a bit of leg action? Copping a quick feel?"

"Don't discourage him, Lynn," Amanda whispered.

"I can see where this is going," Lynn sighed, "Will's getting laid again."

"Oh my God, Lynn!" Amanda laughed and put her hands up to the face for a few seconds before putting them back blushing.

"How many women have you been with anyway?" Lynn asked him.

"Just a few. Not many," he said defensively.

"Heidi. Me. Stacy."

"Jesus, Lynn!" he said as he looked over in shock.

"I already told her we hooked up a few times when I first moved in."

"It's all in confidence, Will. Don't worry," Amanda told him.

"Yeah. Ok," he told her as his hand moved up past her knee to a thigh.

"Who else?"

"Come on, Lynn, we don't have to talk about this, do we?"

"Taylor?"

"Ahhhh ..."

"Knew it! My mom?"

"No, Lynn! NO! I never had sex with Lauren. That's it. Just four."

"Just four? What a stud." She smirked at Amanda who grinned back. "Incoming sunscreen." Lynn squirted some on Amanda's chest just above her breasts. Instead of rubbing it in right away, she reached to take the string of Amanda's bikini top which tied up in the front, and started to slowly pull it.

"Lynn!" Amanda gasped and grabbed the string and looked up blushing, "What are you doing!"

"You don't want tan lines do you?"

Amanda looked over at Will and he smiled as he took her hand gently and pulled it away from her top. Lynn slowly pulled the string again until the knot opened and the bikini fell open.

"Nice!" Lynn grinned as she and Will looked at Amanda's full breasts, so firm with round pinkish areoles and long, erect nipples.

"Absolutely beautiful!" Will seconded. 

"I don't want them to burn," she said shyly.

"You want me to ahhhh rub a bit of sunblock in?" Will gallantly suggested.

"Can you? I mean if you don't mind."

"If he doesn't mind? He's drooling."

Amanda giggled until Will's hand scooped up some block and, with it dripping from his hand, he gently cupped and squeezed one of her breasts. She leaned her head back in Lynn's lap and gave a soft low moan. "Your parents won't come home, will they?" she asked.

"My phone will tell me if the gate opens," Will assured her.

"They'll be at their club all afternoon and evening," Lynn said and she leaned forward to pull her own top over her head and off. Will looked over at her grinning while he continued to massage Amanda's breast. 

"Cute," Amanda grinned up at her. "Oh God, guys!" she arched her back a bit as Lynn reached over to slip her hand on Amanda's other breast. She squirmed around a bit as she had her breasts massaged by both of them while Will massaged a thigh and Lynn continued with her neck and shoulders.

"Poor thing needs to cum bad, I think. Why don't you go down on her, Will."

"Oh God!" Amanda groaned.

"Would you like?..." Will began.

"Yes Will! Please. Can you?"

"Oh yeah," he grinned at Lynn who smirked back as he lifted Amanda's legs off his lap and shuffled out. Kneeling by her knees he delicately took hold of her bikini bottoms. She lifted her ass and he pulled them down over her smooth, thick but shapely legs and off.

"Living the dream, aren't you?" Lynn asked.

"Oh God, yes," he grinned as he looked at her neatly trimmed pussy, sandy blonde with a long glistening crack just waiting for him. "Here, Mandy," he grabbed a nearby cushion, "Just put this under your bum." She lifted her hips again and he slid it under, then he got down on the bench and gently pushed her legs open wider. Amanda gasped out as his tongue slowly licked up her crack.

"There, Baby," Lynn soothed her as she gently brushed hair from her face and Amanda grabbed her other hand with one of hers to squeeze it tight.

"Ahhhhh! Oh God! Yes!"

"Wow! You taste so good!" Will murmured from between her legs. Amanda hissed out again as his tongue licked up her again. She looked up with wide eyes at Lynn who looked down smiling and held her hand as Will lapped on her pussy.

"He's pretty good at it, hey?"

"Uh-uh. Hmmmmm FUCK!"

"She's cumming, Will!" Lynn cried excitedly.

"Ooooohhhh!!"

"Mmmmm yum!" Will's breath blew across her slit, creating goosebumps.

"OH GOD! OH YES! OH GOD, YES!" Amanda cried out as Lynn laughed in glee. Amanda's body was trembling as she relaxed in Lynn's lap again as Will fed on her sweet juices. 

Amanda continued to moan softly as Will continued to eat her sopping wet pussy. "You on the pill, Mandy?" Lynn asked gently. 

"No," Amanda whispered back. 

"Will, go get a condom," Lynn instructed.

"Sure. Just give me a few minutes here." He kissed up her belly and then found a nipple. "Wow, these are great," he said appreciatively as he sucked on one.

"Get a condom, Will," Lynn told him again. Wet sucking and smacking noises answered her.

"Will. Please," Amanda beseeched as her face grimaced with his attentions.

"Sure, Mandy," he grinned as he dashed off leaving a nipple wet, red and swollen.

"It's Amanda!" she called out after him.

"You are good with all this, Mandy?" Lynn asked her.

"Sure. It's been too long since I had sex."

"I'm not really Bi."

"Me neither. "

"We'll just double team him a bit?"

"How did he get to be so lucky?" Amanda grinned up, her head still in Lynn's lap.

"I know, right?"

"I didn't think you told me the complete truth about your relationship with him though."

"Yeah," Lynn grinned, "We're still fucking all the time. We even sleep in the same bed every night. The sex is amazing."

"Do your parents know?"

"Yeah. Mom caught me coming out of his room one morning. I was only half dressed and carrying the other half. It was pretty obvious. I wanted us to be caught so it would be out in the open, so I wasn't being overly cautious. Here he comes. Look at that stupid grin. God."

"Put in on and lie down on your back. We're going to double team you."

"Really? Oh wow! Sure." When his shorts came down his hard cock flapped out.

Amanda gasped and put her hands up to her face. 

"Oh come on, Mandy! It's not that impressive!" Lynn reprimanded her.

"It's beautiful!" she grinned at Will, who grinned back as he ripped open a condom and rolled it on.

"I'll sit on his face, you can sit on his cock," Lynn told Amanda.

"Oh yeah!" Will exclaimed.

The girls stood by him as Lynn pulled off her bikini bottoms.

"Oh! You're all shaved!"

"Something like that," Lynn grinned. As Amanda watched she got up and took position over Will on her haunches and facing towards his feet. He reached up to hold her by the hips and pulled her pussy into his waiting mouth. "Oh!" she exclaimed as his tongue started and she looked over at Amanda. "Why don't you get on him with your back to me?" she suggested.

"Ok," Amanda climbed up and Lynn reached to hold Will's cock straight up. Amanda wiggled her hips a bit, "It's been almost a year," she whispered and then groaned out as his cock penetrated her and she slowly slid down on it, "Oooooooohhhhhh."

Lynn laughed as she held onto Amanda by the shoulders and ground her pussy into Will's face as Amanda bounced on his cock.

"I won't last long!" Amanda chirped out. 

"Turn around!" Lynn gasped as Will held her down on him and enthusiastically ate her pussy, "Let's cum together!" 

Amanda got up and turned around quickly and grasped his cock again, now glistening with her juices. She easily slid down on it again. The girls locked forearms together and looked at each other. They grinned and laughed and grimaced as the pleasure got too much. 

"Yeah!" Amanda yelped out.

"Me too!" Lynn hissed, "Oh my God!"

Amanda threw her body forwards and the girls hugged as they both quivered and shook. They started laughing again as the orgasms passed. Then Will grunted under them as he reached around Lynn to grasp Amanda by the legs as he pushed up from below.

"Sorry!" Amanda called out as she moved her hips again to grind on his cock, still deep in her wet pussy. Will grunted again and again until he stopped moving.

Lynn rose her hips up, "You done down there?" she laughed and Amanda giggled.

"That was so hot! Yeah I'm done. It was amazing!"

"Let's skinny dip!" Lynn suggested as the girls got off Will, "Will, make sure your phone has the gate alarm up high and put it close to the pool. They all laughed as they dove in and started swimming around carefree and naked. Will moved back and forth kissing and caressing both and soon grew fully erect again. "You can have him all to yourself, Mandy. I'm gonna tan for a bit."

"Ok," Amanda replied shyly and looked hopefully at Will.

"Back to the bench?" he grinned.

"Sure."

Lynn set up on a recliner and closed her eyes. She could hear Amanda giggling as she lay naked with Will on the bench and shortly heard her little gasp as he no doubt entered her again. The sounds of their lovemaking excited her as she felt the sun's rays on her naked body and she glanced over. Amanda and Will lay side by side with Will on the outside. Lynn smirked as she watched his white ass move as he thrust into the gasping Amanda again and again. It was easy to tell when Amanda came again and when Lynn looked over Will was getting up with a smug grin and a drooping condom that had a fair dollop of cum hanging in the reservoir. "Get us some drinks now, stud," Lynn told him, "bury those condoms in the bin, and you better get some sun block on that white ass of yours."

Chapter 10

"So, your girl is next," Claire grinned over at Lynn. They had interviewed several very impressive candidates so far. She picked up the phone and called out, "Send in Ms. Byrne."

Kathy soon came in, dressed in a pressed white shirt and a black knee length skirt with black nylons and modest high heels. She walked carefully over to her chair and smiled warmly, her curly light brown hair framing her face and just a minimal amount of red lipstick on. 

"Hi! I'm Katherine Byrne!" she lightly shook both their hands. 

Lynn tried to smile warmly at her, she seemed so small sitting delicately across from them. The interview went fairly well with Kathy giving clear precise answers to all the questions and providing examples.

"You took several University on-line courses last year. How do you think you did in those?" Claire asked her when they moved from the standard set questions to the more individualized portion of the interview.

"I really enjoyed the courses I did and felt I learned a lot from each one but I feel I can certainly improve my marks moving forward."

"Were you challenged by these courses?" Claire continued.

"They were all introductory courses. I believe that now that I have been exposed to those areas that I will understand future concepts better and that will show in my grades. This coming semester I'll be doing in-class courses and, being able to interact with other students and the professors, which will enable me to talk about the curriculum and ask questions about it."

"Did working full time and a second job on the weekend impact the amount of time you had to spend on those courses?" 

"I would imagine that all students have challenges with time to study and prepare assignments. I'm not going to use it as an excuse. I think I could have done better. I'm going to use that as an incentive and I plan on doing better next semester."

Claire narrowed her eyes a bit on her otherwise expressionless face. "You don't have a lot of volunteer activities or sports on your resume."

"I help my mother with my younger sister in my spare time," Kathy's voice had started to get a bit of steel. "So I was involved in youth soccer all summer, taking my sister around the city by public transit and playing soccer."

"Charity begins at home." Claire said pleasantly.

"It does," Kathy agreed looking at her evenly.

Claire looked over at Lynn, who looked back smugly, "I was right."

"So it seems." Claire looked back at Kathy, "Why do you want to work for Cormorant Holdings and Manufacturing?"

"I want to be successful and work for a highly successful and well regarded company. Every weekday, when I go to work at the diner, I get off the bus up the street. I walk past Cormorant and look up to see the gold symbol. I see the people walking in. In business suits and nice clothes. Looking successful. It's want I want. Being a part of what this is. Helping it to grow and evolve. Ensuring it stays on top. Being known. Being respected. That gold cormorant represents everything I'm working for and dreaming about." She held her little head high. 

Claire looked at her and once again Kathy held her gaze. "Would you mind waiting outside the door for just a minute, Katherine?"

"Certainly." She got up and walked carefully. She turned and gave them a brilliant smile, "These are my mom's shoes. I have tissue stuffed into the tops." With that she opened the door and stepped outside.

"Little Cinderella," Claire commented when she left and looked at Lynn. "It appears you have some gut instincts after all, my dear."

"It's really commendable that you are acknowledging her although we had a tiff about her."

"Everything I do is for the betterment of the company, my dear. It's why I wear this Cormorant. Including giving you some tough love. It appears young Katherine may be of the same ilk. Rarely have I done this for an entry level position but I'm recommending immediate hire on this one."

Lynn smiled and tried not to gloat, "Certainly."

"Could you let Cinderella back in?"

Lynn got up and went to the door, "Katherine?" she smiled warmly.

Kathy cautiously walked back to her seat.

"Welcome to Cormorant Holdings and Manufacturing, Ms. Byrne." Claire told her.

Kathy squealed and put her hands up to her face, "REALLY?!"

"Emotions in check, my dear," Claire told her but a smile was tugging at the corners of her mouth. Lynn beamed at Kathy. Claire lifted the phone and pushed a button. "Yes, Karen. I'm sending you a file. It's an Immediate Hire. Basic entry level contract in Accounting. Mentorship program, mentors are Claire Ivany and Lynn Delaney. Clothing allowance. Cut her a check for a thousand against that allowance. Get IT to set her up with a lap top and phone, Mentorship Program. And have her put on the Tuition Payment Plan and University allowance." She put her hand over the phone, "When can you start, dear?"

"I ... I ... I have to give notice at the diner..." Kathy was in a state of shock.

"And the weekend job too, dear. Cormorant doesn't like to share and you need time to get those marks up."

"Of course."

"Could you pop down to get her Karen? Get her ID tags done. She'll let us know her start date when she gives appropriate notice in her other jobs. It's Katherine Byrne. Lynn and I have some interviews to finish up."

Kathy was processed and completed all her paperwork, met her new supervisor in Accounting, shown a Work Station and given a quick tour of the building. She took the bus home then and ran in. She leaped up the stairs and struggled with her keys with trembling hands. Her mother and sister were home already and looked at her inquisitively. They knew she had her big interview that day and knew she had good news when she squealed out and ran to them for a group hug. "They hired me! Right on the spot! Oh, my God!" she started gasping for breath.

"Are you sure?" her mother asked foolishly and with surprise.

"Am I sure? I signed the contract! Mom, they're gonna pay my tuition! I'm on a Mentorship Program! Get this! They gave me a clothing allowance!" She pulled out the check and showed it to her. Her eyes bulged out. "That's for clothes?!?!?"

"Lemisee! Lemisee!" her younger sister squealed.

"Aggie! You can have my cell phone! And my lap top."

"What?" her mother asked confused as Aggie squealed again.

"They gave me both. Latest models."

"Can you use it for personal?

"Yeah, they told me it was cool. Work, home balance and all that. Aggie, I just have to transfer or delete all my stuff first."

"Like all your text messages to your new boyfriend?" she teased. 

"Those for sure!" Aggie pouted when she didn't draw a reaction.

"I have to call both my works and then I have to go shopping!" She took off to her room.

Kathy was overjoyed as both her supervisors told her they had people that could cover or start right away so she could be released. She was a hard worker and was appreciated. She called her new supervisor at Cormorant and told him she could start first thing in the morning. He was surprised but told her to come in. Her heart soared as she scooped up her sister and kissed her mother before she left for the mall with Aggie.

She was cautious and frugal with her money and that wasn't about to change. She brought an assortment of things that she could mix and match. Black skirts, neutral blazers, white blouses, gray dress slacks. From her own account she got her sister a few things as well and the two of them went back home laughing with bulging shopping bags. With her heart pounding with excitement and anticipation she turned in early to spend some time with her old phone and new phone, to transfer, delete and set up. She had a text from Will which she ignored for now. She had to put her love life on hold for a bit. This opportunity was too important for her. Everything else had to wait. 

The next morning her spirit soared as she walked up the sidewalk from the bus stop dressed in a black skirt and blazer with a white blouse, black nylons and new shoes. She had her lap top case and paused to look up at the golden cormorant before taking a deep breath and going in.

She worked a couple of days, getting used to the Section, computers, learning names and faces, before she sent a quick e-mail to her mentors thanking them for selecting her and telling them that she had started and what she was doing. Claire Ivany responded with assorted links to business policies and instruction that they would meet in a few weeks after she got comfortable. 
