 I'm at home enjoying a quiet evening when I hear a knock at my door. Not expecting anyone, I am pleasantly surprised when I open the door and see you standing in front of me. 

"Come on in, babe," I say with a smile, and you glide past me into my living room, giving me a devilish wink as you pass. "What can I do for you?" 

Pulling a chair to the middle of the room, you turn to me and answer, "Oh, I just needed to use something of yours for a bit. Hope you don't mind." 

"Of course I don't mind, babe. You're free to use anything of mine, any time," I respond with a friendly smile. 

"Oh good, I was hoping you'd say that!" And with that, you remove your overcoat and toss it aside, standing before me wearing your knee-high black boots... and nothing else. Jackpot! "Now it's your turn, sexy. Get out of those clothes for me." 

Despite starting with considerably more layers than you and having to pick my jaw up off the floor and put my eyeballs back in my head, I manage to reach the same level of dress as you in roughly the same amount of time. Smiling at me, you pat the chair beside you and beckon me over. "Come take a seat, darling." Don't mind if I do. 

I sit down in the chair, and quickly you produce a rope and tie my arms together behind the back of the chair, rendering me completely at your mercy. I'm so excited about what I think is about to happen that it doesn't even cross my mind to wonder where you were keeping the rope all this time. Besides, now I'm stuck. 

"Honey, I can't move my arms," I say to you, implying that I don't really feel like being tied up. 

"That's ok, babe. I'm not here for your arms; they would just get in the way." 

Before I can process what you mean by that, you move in front of me and lean in to kiss me, sucking on my tongue and tugging on my bottom lip with your teeth. All thought of protest are immediately lost. If you're going to kiss me like that, I mean who needs arms? 

You slide your naked body down mine until you are kneeling between my legs, perched on your little boots. I look down at you intently, and with a flirtatious wink you begin raking my thighs with your fingernails. I can feel your hair fall on my legs as you move in to dart your tongue against my sensitive skin, and soon your lips draw me inside your mouth. I let out an involuntary groan as your mouth works its magic on me, your lips and tongue quickly bringing me to a state of full attention. I long to place my hand lovingly on your head, gently guiding you up and down, but I cannot free myself from the restraints. This was your plan all along, because the only reason you are down there now is to get me ready for what you really want. 

Satisfied that I am aroused enough to be of use to you, you begin kissing and licking your way up my stomach and chest. Standing up before me, you straddle my lap and take another mind-blowing kiss from my lips. You reach down and position me at your pussy and slowly sink down onto my lap. Grabbing my shoulders you begin to work yourself up and down, back and forth, moving at the pace and direction you choose. Sometimes you lean in for a kiss, our tongues wrestling in mutual passion as down below I throb inside you. 

Next you thrust your chest in my face and pull my head in to you. I feel your fingers in my hair as you press my mouth harder onto your nipples. Moans escape your lips as I feast upon your chest; my teeth, lips and tongue working furiously to give you pleasure. I smile to myself as you toss your head back and let out a squeal of delight. I can feel you bucking faster and faster on my lap as you sink harder and deeper onto my thick shaft. 

As I throb deep inside you I can feel you starting to push yourself over the edge. Your fingers grip my shoulders more tightly, and you lean down to bite my neck and shoulders. You bury your face in my shoulder and sink your teeth in as you use me to push yourself into climax. As you burst into orgasm your teeth dig all the way in and my broad shoulder muffles your screams of pleasure. The sudden force of your orgasm triggers mine, and I explode inside you, quivering in the combination of pleasure and pain. You pant on top of me for a couple minutes and we lightly nuzzle each other's necks. Eventually, you slowly stand up and, on wobbly legs, walk over to pick up your coat. You give me another sultry kiss on the lips, and with a "Thanks babe, you're the greatest," you fix your coat and head out the door. 

"Uh... babe? 

Babe, you forgot your rope... 

Babe? Seriously babe..." 

Oh God!...