 Perfection. 

It was the only word that came to mind as I stood there looking at you. Absolute perfection. I stood there looking at you, watching your chest rise and fall with each excited breath. I craved, and wanted to rush, and yet knew that I needed to take my time and enjoy what we were experiencing together. 

Of course, you couldn't see me. The blindfold prevented that. You simply sat in the chair. Naked. Blindfolded. Your wrists bound to the back of the chair. Your ankles strapped to the front legs of the wooden kitchen chair. Your legs opened, exposing you. 


I watched your breasts move so slightly with each breath, and I wanted to take them in my mouth. But I waited, quietly, allowing the anticipation grow.

Twenty minutes earlier you had walked in the front door. Not a word was spoken between us. You simply closed and locked the door behind you, smiled at me, and walked into my arms. Our lips pressed together so softly and gently. The first kiss a simple prelude to what would build into a fire of passion. As we kissed, your lips parted, inviting my tongue to explore your mouth. The warmth and moistness called for a deeper kiss, and soon we were lost in the intimate act of kissing. My hands moved over your back, across your behind, gently caressing, softly touching, as our lips continued to touch, our tongues played together, and our breath mixed as one aroma. It was intense. It was beautiful.

As we kissed, our breathing grew heavy and deeper. Our hands flowed over each other, coming together from time to time, locking fingers. I pushed you against the wall, pressing my body to yours. My hands held yours above your head. You loved the sensation of helplessness, of knowing that I was in control. I brought your wrists together and held them above your head with one of my large hands. The other hand moved to your face, my fingers brushing against your cheek. I pulled my mouth from yours and begin to kiss your neck, my free hand finding your lips. You begin to suck on a finger as my lips slide over your neck up to your ear. You want to grab at me with your hands, but they continued to be held securely above your head.

I pulled my finger from your mouth and moved my hand to your chest, feeling your breast through your shirt. I want you. You want me. We crave together. My mouth moves back to yours and we kiss harder now. There is a sense of urgency with every touch. 

Suddenly I spin you around and push you face first against the wall. You hands continue to be immobilized above your head. I push up against your ass, and you feel my hardness. You wonder if I will take you right here in the hallway. It is what you hope. My free hand continues to play with your breasts, finally pulling your shirt from your jeans and sliding under it.

I play with your breasts, then move across your belly, allowing my hand to tease you, resting it on the top of your jeans. Then, quickly, my hand moves between your legs, and I begin to rub you through your jeans. You gasp at the unexpected touch. You are burning with desire, and the pressure of my hand makes you want me inside of you. You can stay quiet no longer, and cry out for me to take you. However, I simply keep the pressure between your legs, my other hand holding your wrists securely, my body pressed against your ass.

"Don't move you hands." You hear me say, and suddenly my hand is gone from your wrists. You obey, leaving them above your head, against the wall. You feel me moving behind you, and suddenly a blindfold goes over your eyes, taking away your sight. Once it is secured, I lower your hands and move in front of you, inviting you to come with me. 

I lead you down the hallway, and then down a flight of stairs. We move slowly, safely. At the bottom, you are guided into another room. You see nothing but darkness, and try to get your bearings using your hearing.

I kiss you. It is unexpected, and as you feel my lips on yours, you open you mouth to me. You are caught off guard with how wonderful the sensation of a surprise kiss can bring to you. 

"I'm going to undress you now." I say. I remove your shirt, and then your jeans, leaving you naked in front of me, only the blindfold on. You feel me moving you, positioning you, and suddenly I make you sit. The chair feels hard on your naked ass, and yet you feel yourself become more wet with the knowledge that you are naked on it. Your hands are moved behind you, and within little time, you are fastened to the chair, and I am standing in front of you.

Perfection. 

I move behind you and lean down to kiss your neck. You catch your breath at the sudden touch of my lips to your skin. You taste so good. Slowly I move over your skin, kissing you, licking you, enjoying you. I move around the chair, kissing you from various angles. You are completely helpless, totally in my control. Suddenly I am in front of you, kneeling before you. You know I'm there, because you can feel my hot breath on your legs. You want to force yourself wider for me, willing me to touch your pussy. But I hold back. You can feel me so close, my breath brushes over your inner legs. And then nothing. You know I am still so close, but you feel nothing. I am holding my breath, waiting. 

Finally I let it out, and I blow over your mound. You cannot control the soft gasp that escapes your mouth. You are so wet and the hot air feels incredible on you. Every nerve is craving touch, and you feel me blow over you again and again. I am so close now, I can smell your wonderful aroma. "Lick me!" You plead, and yet I wait.

And then you feel me stand up. If you were untied, you would attack me, take me, not allow me to wait any longer. But you are not in control. All you are able to do is plead, beg. You want the blindfold removed, to know what I'm doing. But it remains over your eyes. 

You begin to speak again, to ask me to fuck you. But as your mouth opens, you feel my hardness push past your lips. At first it surprises you, but then just as quickly you begin to suck me, wanting to please me, to show me how good you are, how much you deserve to be fucked. My hands hold your head, grabbing at your hair, as you suck me in deeper and deeper. I begin to pump, fucking your mouth, sliding deep inside, until you choke on me, before sliding out again. I pull out and lift my balls to you, and you eagerly suck them in. 

"Do you like that?" I ask, and you reply with a groan. I push my cock back inside your mouth, enjoying your eagerness. One of my hands moves from your hair and I reach down to caress your breasts while enjoying your incredible mouth. I squeeze your nipples, play with you. You love my roughness, and crave more of it. I lower my hand even more, leaning awkwardly to the side, leaving my cock in your mouth. My fingers move over your leg, and finally I touch you. 

You are so wet. Dripping wet. Burning. The sudden touch of my fingers is so incredible that you moan out. I feel the vibrations of your cry over my shaft, and I smile. You try to lift your body off the chair, wanting more of my hand inside of you. I oblige, sliding two, then three fingers inside. I fuck you with my hand while you suck me deep into your throat.

I pull out and drop to my knees and bring my mouth to your mound. Your body is shaking from the intensity of the moment, while my tongue slides inside of you. I devour you, sucking on your clit. I finger you while licking you, my other hand replaces my cock at your mouth. You suck on my fingers while I take you there on the chair.

I lift up and pull you slightly forward, and then kneel before you. You can feel my hardness between your legs and crave me inside of you. You wonder if you will explode as soon as I'm in you, and know that you are so close. I kiss your neck once more, and then push forward, my hard cock pressing past your soaked lips and into your body. You gasp, and the first orgasm begins. I fuck you hard, letting you come all over my shaft.

When you are done, I pull out, and kneel quietly before you, letting you catch your breath.

"We're not done, sweetheart." I say. I untie your ankles, and then your wrists. You sit patiently on the chair, waiting my instructions. 

"Turn around, and kneel on the chair." I order, and you do it quickly. This time I tie your wrists to the front of the back support of the chair. You are leaning forward, your chest resting on the seat. You can feel the wetness where you had just been sitting when you came.

I move behind you and begin to kiss your ass. You want more, crave more, desire another orgasm. My fingers begin to play with your pussy as my tongue presses against your ass. You groan as my thumb enters you. I play a little more, and then position myself behind you. I enter easily and begin to fuck you hard from behind. You can't believe how rough each thrust feels, and you are surprised at how quickly you feel your second orgasm coming. The waves of pleasure begin slowly, the intensity rising with each new thrust of my cock. I'm hard and rough, your head bangs into the back of the chair from the force of the fucking. You feel my shaft swell, and know that I'm about to climax. You beg for it, crave for me to explode inside of you. 

Suddenly I tense up, I push deeper than you thought possible, and my hot fluid begins to fill you. It is too much, and you feel your own climax hit, the orgasm more intense that the first. 

We rest. Neither of us able to speak. I kiss your back, remaining inside of you for a few minutes. Finally I untie you, and pull you into my arms, and we relax together. Our kisses soft and tender.

Perfection.