 It was a crisp, clear fall evening as I made my way to the airport seventy five miles away to await the arrival of my wife from her trip to the west coast to visit college friends. My last check of the airline app indicated that the flight was on time and she would be arriving close to midnight after a week-long "girls' trip" that had included sun and surf, shopping and the consumption of lots of "grape." My last conversation with Ellen had occurred earlier in the day as they said their "good byes" and started the journey home. 

Cell phone lots have become a norm at airports throughout the country since 9/11 as a way to keep vehicles from congregating at arrival gates fearing the ability of a terrorist to get close to the terminal with his or her weapon of choice. As a result, traffic around airports did seem to be less congested except for the few who made the circuitous route around the airport hoping for perfect timing as the arriving passenger exited baggage claim as the driver passed. I, for one, am happy to pull into the cell phone lot, roll down my windows, turn up the radio, and enjoy the solitude that seems to escape me. 

Returning to the Midwest from the West coast, Ellen's flight was four hours so there were no calls or texting until she landed to let me know I could make my way to pick her up at baggage claim. So I found my parking space in the cell phone lot and settled in to await the "landed" message.

The night sky was bright and the moon full. I had stopped for a soda and was prepared to enjoy a perfect evening. Cars were coming and going from the lot as loved ones and colleagues arrived. The lot was never full, but as time passed, fewer and fewer cars remained as the last of the day's flights arrived. 

It had been a short while since the last car joined me for the wait when a sporty car rolled into the lot. The solo driver circled the lot a time or two as if looking for the perfect spot when she pulled into the space next to me facing the opposite direction so that our driver's side doors were adjacent to one another. Glancing out my open window, I saw the driver to be a thirty-something redhead wearing a yellow sweater that revealed her neckline and most of her shoulders. She wore her hair short; stopping at the jaw line, and it had a natural curve or wave to it and appeared to be slightly damp. I caught myself staring and jerked my head back to the right to avoid being caught ogling this auburn-haired gem.

"Excuse me," she, said as I thought I had been caught in my admiration.

"I'm sorry," I responded with an unnecessary apology although knowing my eyes had lingered on her image a bit too long. "Can I help you?"

"I saw your window was down and I thought it would be easier to ask for your help. My cell phone is dead and I'm driving my husband's car. He must have packed his car charger. His flight is due anytime and, well, I can't sit in the cell phone lot without a cell phone." She shared and finished with an apologetic smile of her own. "Do you have a charger?"

"I do, but it's one of those pads that is part of my console. If you'd like to give me your phone, I'll give it a charge," I offered while realizing I'd just asked a stranger to turn her phone over to me.

Again, the apologetic smile appeared as she asked, "Would you mind if I sat in the car while it charged? I'm expecting a call, and well, you know, phones have a lot of stuff on them."

Surprised at her willingness to join me in my car, I was happy to oblige and I scurried to move the accumulation of mail, CD jewel cases, and a newspaper that was stacked in the passenger seat. As I completed my cleanup effort, she appeared at the passenger side door. The yellow sweater barely reached the waistline of the yoga pants she wore and that enhanced her long legs and athletic ass. I reached across and opened the door from the inside and she plopped into the seat next to me as she extended her hand and introduced herself.

"Hi, I'm Lili with two 'L's' and two 'I's'," she declared in an introduction she had obviously practiced her entire life. 

Appreciating the bounce in both her voice and her sweater, I countered, "I'm David. Pleased to meet you Lili with two 'L's' and two 'I's'," as I took her phone and placed it on the pad for charging, and she cozied into her seat.

Without prompting, Lili began to share her circumstances. She was married and her husband traveled for his work. He had been on the west coast for the past two weeks and he was to arrive just before midnight. She had lost track of time and had showered and thrown on some clothes with no time to dry her hair and fearing she would not be on time for his arrival which would not sit well with him. Her drive to the airport was about the same distance as mine but from the other side the state. The cell phone had died in route to the airport and she had pulled into the lot in search of a "friend" who might charge her device. Luckily, I am the chosen friend.

As a few more cars pulled out of the lot, I asked, "What flight is your husband's?"

"Delta 3269 from San Francisco." She answered.

"What a coincidence! My wife is on the same flight." I exclaimed realizing as I spoke that I had shared my status as a married man and that it probably wasn't that much of a coincidence inasmuch as we were sitting in a sparsely populated cell phone lot late in the evening.

"Oh, you're married? I didn't see a ring," she observed.

Hoping to redirect the conversation, I checked the app for the first time since arriving and saw that Delta 3269 had been rerouted. Without comment, I called Delta to get more information as Lili looked on curiously.

Ending the call, I told Lili what I knew. The flight had been rerouted due to a mechanical issue and was scheduled to land in St. Louis. The airline hopes to correct the problem. Changing to a new plane was not a viable option due to availability. For now, passengers were being told that they would reach their destination later tonight but to expect at least a two hour delay. 

Lili did not appear to be upset by the news as she picked up her phone to check the progress of the charge. She made a call that went directly to voice mail and she left a message.

"Hey, it's me. I'm at the airport. I know about the problem. Call me when you land in St. Louis and give me an update. Bye."

Taking Lili's cue, I made a call to Ellen and left a similar message. As I ended the call, I looked up at Lili as she spoke.

"My phone has enough charge now and I could go back to my car, but I hate to sit over there alone, I'm certainly not driving back home, and I can't go anywhere looking like this!" she barked as she grabbed her sweater and pulled it away from her body to emphasize her dress and inadvertantly giving me a glimpse of more of her alabaster skin.

"You are more than welcome to stay. I'm enjoying your company and it would make no sense for me to return home either. We may as well get comfortable. It looks like we'll be here for a while." I agreed as I watched the lot empty as others, having received similar news, left Lili and me to ourselves.

With the extended delay now a reality for both of us, we settled into conversation as if we were old friends or a couple on a first date looking to find all the right connections. For the first time I took the time to look at my guest and fully absorb her presence. She was lovely and as one with a passion for redheads, I was grateful for this happenstance. As the night had gotten cooler and with the windows still down, I was greeted by her erect nipples pressing at the fabric of her sweater and revealing that in her haste to leave for the airport she had dispensed with wearing a bra. Her nipples stood proudly on breasts that I estimated to be a "C" cup and not really needing a bra at all. When I noticed she had caught me making this assessment, I smiled and she appeared to welcome my obvious appreciation.

I told her that my wife was returning from a girl's trip and that we had found that after twenty years of marriage we needed these breaks. Our respective getaways had no rules other than to share our encounters with each other when we returned. I knew that two of my wife's college friends are bisexual and I looked forward to hearing of their exploits. I know that Ellen enjoys their attention and is more than curious. In her absence, I had been somewhat of a bachelor. 

Lili opened up to me as well. She had been married five years. She was thirty-three and had no kids. Her husband, Scott, was the chief financial officer of a family-owned group of gentlemen's clubs. The clubs were scattered all over the country. Each had an attached apartment and he would travel to the various locations to review the books and sometimes spend as much as a month on each trip.

Lili was a dancer at one of the clubs when she met Scott. He made visits to her club and eventually they began a relationship. She knew that Scott had a "favorite" at each of the clubs but married him anyway. She was faithful to him. She gave up dancing when they became engaged. She moved to the Midwest to establish their home after they married. She had a good life as evidenced by the hot car she was driving. She also knew that Scott would continue to be tempted and that he could not resist. They never talked about it, but there was a silent acknowledgment.

Sitting in a desolate parking lot with a beautiful woman sharing a deeply personal aspect of her life, I could not resist reaching for her hand to offer some comfort and creating more of a connection. She did not resist, adding her other hand to our link and turning to face me.

As each of us pondered our next words, both phones rang. Sensing the discomfort of speaking to our respective spouses side-by-side, I stepped out of my car as I greeted Ellen.

"David, the airline is putting us up for the night. Delta is not going to allow this plane to continue and a substitute plane is not available. Why don't I call in the morning? If you leave for the airport as I board, you should have plenty of time to get there for my arrival. I can't wait to tell you about the trip," Ellen reported. I said I'd wait for her call and hung up.

I looked into the car as Lili ended her call. As I returned to my seat, she exclaimed, "Well, that's the best news I've heard all day!" and threw her arms around my neck and pulled herself close enough to me to plant a kiss on my lips. Instinctively, I wrapped my arms around her to prohibit any retreat.

"And what news is that?" I inquired.

"You know. The flight is delayed until tomorrow, and Scott is staying at the St. Louis club so I know he won't be hurrying home anytime soon."

Sitting there with our arms around each other suggested that we were in no hurry for this evening to end. With this realization, a longer passionate kiss ensued. My cock had stirred throughout the evening, tingled when I first noticed her perky nipples, jumped when she shared that she had been an erotic dancer, and grown rock hard with this continuing kiss. Reaching around me had caused the yellow sweater to rise above her waist and my embrace had discovered the soft skin of her back. Wanting to bring my hands up to feel her bare back and eventually expose her luscious tits, I considered our surroundings and asked.

"Should we get a room?"

"Don't you think it's exciting to be here daring to be discovered?" she asked but clearly expressing her preference.

With that my hands traveled upward sliding the yellow sweater up to her shoulders. As she raised her arms, I pulled the sweater over her head and tossed in the back seat. My golf shirt soon joined the sweater as I stared at erect but puffy nipples that appeared as miniature titties growing from the end of her plump breasts. I leaned down and sucked them into my mouth and her chest heaved. A hand squeezed by cock in response.

I kicked off my shoes and stepped out of my car. I glanced around to see if any cars or people were in the area and removed my jeans and boxers. As I trotted my naked self to the passenger's side, I found Lili had slipped from her yoga pants with no panties in sight. I took the seat and she climbed on top me. She reached for my cock and proceeded to slide her glistening pussy over the top of it. Illuminated by the moon, I saw that she was a natural redhead and buried my face between her breasts.

Our kisses were the perfect mixture of lips and tongue and warm saliva. She enjoyed dragging the hard tips of her precious nipples across my chest. I continued to grow inside her as I pressed my thumb on her clit and sensed her enjoyment. My balls were boiling. She was controlling our movements much to my pleasure and hers. She whispered.

"David, you can cum in me." And I nearly did just that at the mere suggestion.

I could tell she was manipulating my hard cock in an effort to touch all the right places inside her red-capped love canal. I worked her clit to add to her pleasure as she threw her head back nearly knocking the visor from the roof of my car.

Lili's screams of pleasure echoed across the cell phone lot near an airport that had been silent for some time. As her orgasm subsided, she began to rise and fall on my cock, pulling me back into to her warm breasts now wet with perspiration. I began to deliver my load and with each spurt she squeezed my grateful cock with muscles of magic within her.

We held each other in silence. We kissed with appreciative warmth but with a resignation that this moment was not likely to reoccur. I felt a tear fall. Was it hers, or mine?

"You charged more than your cell phone in this car and I will never forget this moment, Lili with two "L's" and two "I's", I quipped.

We laughed and I felt the semen run from her pussy. She scooped up a fingerful and put it between our lips as we kissed.

A flashing light split the sky as a security vehicle rolled down the road toward the cell phone lot. I reached for the yellow sweater and watched as Lili pulled it over her head as I handed her the yoga pants. She scampered to her car as I followed her, naked, to my side of the car and my awaiting jeans. Pulling them on in a flash, the golf shirt followed and I was sitting in my car, shoeless, as the security officer asked if we were okay.

Lili was about to pull away when I noticed her phone still charging in my car. I waved the phone out the window. As she rolled her window down, I asked for her passcode. She hesitated but told me and I entered my phone number in her contacts along with my full name.

As I handed it to her, I asked her to call me so I'd have her number. She smiled, blew me a kiss and pulled away.

******************

Fighting sleep, I returned to the airport later the following day. Ellen met me with a smile as I threw her bags into the trunk. A quick kiss and I could tell she was anxious to tell me about her trip.

"The trip was great and oh, do I have some stories to tell, but the best part may have been the trip home."

"Really?" I asked.

"Yes! As we left the plane in St. Louis, Delta was all screwed up trying to find accommodations for us. The girl who sat next to me told me she talked to a guy that had an apartment available to him and we were welcome to stay there. She then told me the guy is a CFO for strip clubs and that the apartment was over the St. Louis club. She asked if we could both come along and he said 'the more the merrier' and it was very merry!. So that's where I stayed last night and we took a later flight out today" she chirped.

"Some people have all the luck," was all I could say in response as my phone vibrated with a text message from Lili.

"You won't believe this! Call me." She said.