 Vee had flown from Kennedy Airport in New York City to Barundi on vacation. Prior to leaving for Barundi all passengers had been told that they could not bring gold into Barundi as its use was restricted for royalty only. 

While seated in first class, she struck up a conversation with a young Barundian princess named Puzique. Puzique was so taken with Vee that before arriving in Barundi, she gave her a gold compact as a gift. Neither she nor Vee thought of the ban on non-royalty bringing gold into Barundi.

Princess Puzique deplaned before the other passengers and was gone before Vee entered the customs area. The customs officer found the god compact in Vee's handbag and sent her to prison in the gold camp.

Vee, a rather mature woman had lost her libido after chemotherapy for cancer and had no enthusiasm for sex. She and her husband Andy had tried everything to resurrect it without any luck.

Vee discovered in the gold camp that the women were fucked with dildoes for the camp officer's amusement. He refused to let the African guards touch the women for fear that the USA would exact penalties against Barundi for rape and sexual abuse, so he hit upon a plan to use the women sexually such that no male DNA would be found on their bodies but they would still have sex. 

The young women who were taken to the camp enjoyed the experiences so much that some didn't want to leave at the end of their sentences but Vee didn't enjoy sex anymore and the result of her visit to the camp no one could predict.

The story starts on the second day of Vee's stay in the camp. Her first day's experiences can be found in Part I of the story.

*****

Half an hour later, Vee was able to recollect herself. Her thin dress was soaked with perspiration and now clung to her in the air conditioned cubicle. She realized that her ass was burning and came to the slow realization that whoever her tormentor was had seized the time that she was unconscious to bury a big dildo cock up her ass. She felt so distended and full as she lay back in the chair. Around her she could hear the screams of some of the other women as they too orgasmed and she tried to relax her body. 

Finally the screams ceased and the room became silent.

As the screams dissipated, she began to feel a slight pulsing sensation in her rectum and she clamped her ass tight to verify the feeling but succeeded only in causing her anus to expand on the release. Slowly the sensation increased and she knew that the dildo in her ass was really vibrating.

As Vee lay reclined in the chair, the giant dildo began mini stroking in and out of her and she closed her eyes in an exhausted state but felt the dildo continue its slow stroking. It would slowly withdraw a little and then reseat itself as deeply as her rectum would allow. She moaned softly at every deep penetration and tried to spread her legs further apart to accommodate the great dildo girth. 

Knowing that she could not escape the ass fucking, she relaxed her body and decided to endure it. Endure was not the correct word because as the dildo continued to vibrate and stroke her, she felt subtle pleasure rising in her belly. 

The foot rests had now risen to their maximum height causing her thighs to press up against her belly, spreading her ass cheeks and pussy wide open and such a wanton feeling invaded her that she surrendered to the sensation. The great cock slowly increased its thrusts into her ass and she found herself pushing against it to deepen the insertion.

Vee soon felt a fluttering sensation begin to seep into her bowels and before she recognized it, she was rocking back and forth in the seat as much as the restraints would allow as the dildo ploughed deep into her. 

Her anus quivered and clutched at the big rubber cock as another orgasm ripped through her shuddering body and the machine directed cock plunged rapidly back and forth causing her orgasms to rise and crest and then rise again, seemingly becoming more intense as they continued to crest.

Everything became a blur before her eyes and her screams of ecstasy once again filled the room.

Before she could comprehend the degree of euphoria she was now experiencing, she felt a pulsing in her pussy and realized that the cock now in her ass was not the one originally in her pussy but another one, because the cock in her pussy began fucking her again and the tandem double fuck drove her so far into an ecstatic convulsive state that she lost all consciousness.

It was after this experience that she found herself laying on the small hard bed in her room being awakened by the old woman, with a leather collar fastened around her neck and chained to the bed.

After she had peed and eaten, the old lady began to minister to her. With a hot towel, she gently cleaned her pussy and asshole, holding the towel against her to allow the warmth to reduce the soreness and swelling. 

Once she had dried her, she applied a soothing salve to her abused parts and when she was through, she placed her thighs into hooks that were suspended from the ceiling, on either side of the bed. Again, Vee found her legs spread open. As the salve soothed, it also seemed to infuse a warmth in her belly that made her yearn for the big dildo.

With one hand, the old lady spread her swollen labia apart and with the other she began to gently slap Vee's clitoris. She first slapped softly, slowly increasing the force until the clitoris had swollen so big that it projected through the swollen labia. Her clit was now on fire and Vee just moaned softly and lay in the bed with both eyes closed, visions of the giant dildo ramming into her body floating in her head.

After a half hour, the old lady left and Vee found that not only was her clitoris tingling and pulsing and was so big that the labia no longer contained it but she craved to have her pussy and ass filled again. 

Every day for the next four days, Vee endured the cold showers followed by pussy and ass fucking and clitoris slapping, such that she actually began to look forward to the sessions! Her pussy and asshole were now loose and easily penetrable and she had never come so many times in her life.

Still worried about how her husband Andy was going to know what had happened to her when he arrived, she kept telling the old lady her story about flying on the airplane with the Prince's daughter Puzique, in the hope that she could somehow get her captors to release her. The old lady never spoke to her or even demonstrated that she understood what Vee was telling her and so Vee began to slowly lose hope.

Unbeknownst to Vee, the old lady's daughter worked in the Prince's palace. Occasionally, the daughter and Jellipuzette would meet and Jellipuzette would regale her with accounts of her trips abroad. While talking to her mother, the daughter had learned that there was a mature woman in the camp where her mother worked who kept saying that she had gotten a gold compact from someone called Puzique but no one knew of any such person. 

Knowing that Jellipuzette came into contact with her she asked her if she knew anyone called Puzique. Jellipuzette smiled and asked her where she had heard that name. The young girl then recounted the story that her mother had told her about the woman who was imprisoned in the camp receiving a gold compact from such a person.

Jellipuzette screamed when she realized what had happened and ran to her father to tell him what she had done. 

"Father, while on the plane coming home, I met this very nice lady and gave her my gold compact as a gift. I forgot that no one but the royal family can bring gold into Barundi and she has been arrested and put into prison at the gold camp."

Her father sighed and said, 

"Jelli, don't you ever stop to think when you are doing things?"

"Yes, father" she replied "but I am so used to traveling with gold that I forgot that only royals can travel with gold. Please get her out of prison because she is not a criminal!"

On the sixth day after entering the camp, a guard came to Vee's room and brought her clothes.

"Put your clothes on," the man said.

After getting fully dressed, she was taken to the cafeteria and fed. She was then escorted to a room where the black officer met her with her luggage.

"Are you alright?" he asked.

Vee murmured, "I'm okay."

"Did any man place his hands on you while you were here?" he asked.

"No, no man did." Vee responded.

"Good," he replied. "Please make sure that anyone who asks you what happened here knows that no man touched you."

"I will." Vee replied.

Fifteen minutes later, the prince's guards marched in. Jellipuzette stepped in behind them and asked the officer,

"Where is she?"

"She is here, Princess," he said, "and she is unharmed."

Jellipuzette was taken to Vee. She ran to her and hugged her saying,

"Ma'am, I am so sorry, I forgot that you could not have gold when I gave you the compact. Please forgive me."

Vee hugged her and said,

"There is nothing to forgive, I am okay."

"Come with me," said, Jellipuzette, "you will stay at my father's palace and you and your husband will be our guests for your entire stay."

As they walked to the prince's limo, Vee's pussy and asshole throbbed and her now mega sized clit was stimulated so much that when she walked, her pussy stayed wet. Sitting in the limo, she asked Jellipuzette,

"Puzique, how come no one here knows your name?"

"That is a long story," Jellipuzette responded, "come let me tell you."

The next day Vee was taken to the airport to meet her husband. Andy was surprised that he was allowed to deplane before anyone else and a uniformed officer escorted him to the prince's limousine. 

Inside he saw Vee and the young Princess. After introducing him to Jellipuzette, a name that brought a smile to Andy's face, Vee hugged and kissed him so much that Andy, knowing that Vee had little libido left, was totally surprised.

Vee was surprised to know that Andy knew the Prince and that they had gone to college together in New York City. After chatting with the Prince and dining on a sumptuous meal, Andy and Vee were escorted to a beautiful private villa on the Prince's compound.

Before Andy could even finish unpacking, Vee grabbed his hand and pulled him into the bedroom, yanked his zipper down, reached into his pants and dragged his big cock out exclaiming,

"I need some cock, Andy, come give it to me now!"

Surprised Andy responded, 

"I certainly want to, but I tried to reach you for the past five days and couldn't and what ever happened to make you so horny?"

"That's a long story," Vee replied, "I spent my first five days in the gold compound that is why you couldn't contact me. I think that I want to go back again before we leave but I'll tell you all about it after you get through fucking me! Now fuck me!"

Andy didn't hesitate and Vee's screams of passion rivaled the ones that she made while she stayed in the gold camp.

The Prince smiled at the sounds as he looked through his palace windows. It felt good to be able to do something good for his old friend.