 He waited, patiently, as the other passengers boarded the airplane. The flight wasn't close to half full if he got on last he might have a row of seats to himself. It had been a very long day. He had flown on the first flight out that morning, spent the rest of the day in long negotiations and now the flight home. He was looking forward to unwinding with no neighbors to deal with.

He boarded last as planned. He showed the stewardess his boarding pass without paying attention to her as he scanned the plane for seats. It looked like the plane was only about a quarter full. He started to turn inside when the most wonderful scent drifted by him. He swiveled his head toward the stewardess again following the trail of that wondrous scent. She smiled at him as he turned back to her. 

"You have a question, Sir?"

He gazed at her for a moment, her soft, lightly accented voice a pleasure to his ears. The short skirted uniform showed off her legs and a few buttons left undone gave a tantalizing glimpse of what lay beneath her blouse. His eyes rested on her name tag; Louisa. He realized he was staring.

"Ah, no, thank you Louisa."

He walked down the aisle his face turning red from embarrassment feeling like a teenager with his stumbling reply, acutely aware that the brief look and her lovely scent had started a stirring within him. He found what he was looking for towards the back of the plane, three full rows of empty seats. He took out his book and put his carry-on in the overhead compartment. He made himself as comfortable as possible in the seat and settled into read. The book captured him quickly shoving his thoughts of Louisa to the back of his mind. So engrossed was he that he barely even noticed when the plane launched into the skies.

"Sir? Sir?" 

He looked up from his book and saw Louisa standing in the aisle with the drink cart.

"I'm sorry, excuse me?"

"Would you like something to drink?" She smiled at him, her blue eyes twinkling at his dazed expression.

"Oh, yes, that would be fine. Thank you." He set his book in his lap to hide his sudden erection. From the look in her eyes though it was too late for that, she leaned towards him to hand him the drink. He watched as her lovely breasts became more exposed as she bent over. This close her scent was almost overpowering and he wanted nothing more than to reach out and pull her to him, to bury his face in her neck and breathe deeply of her. Her eyes seem to grab him and hold him to her. For a moment time stopped and there was nothing in the world but Louisa, lost in her eyes and drinking in her sweet scent.

"I'll be back to see how you are doing." The spell was broken as she spoke, but the soft accent of her voice held its own promise. She stood straight again and pulled the cart to the back of the plane.

He tried to continue reading, but the magic of the book was overwhelmed by the promise of Louisa's scent that still hovered in the air about him. He realized he had read the same two pages over and over again. He was incredibly uncomfortable, between the sadistic seat and the swelling in his pants he could not find a position that was remotely comfortable. He poked his head up over the seat trying to catch a glimpse of her. He could see her in the front of the cabin helping some of the other passengers. From the looks of it most of the passengers had already nodded off to sleep.

He tried reading again. Succeeded in getting to the end of the chapter and then realized he had no idea what he had read. He gave up and set the book aside and leaned the seat all the way back and closed his eyes. Maybe sleep was what he really needed any way. Although the bulge in his pants was trying to tell him that sleep was not what he needed.

He dozed off and his mind drifted to pleasant things. He smiled in his sleep as the scent of Louisa seemed to fill his dream. He awoke with start when he felt the gentle pressure of her lips upon his. Her tongue tracing and teasing his lips, he raised his lips to meet hers letting the kiss grow deeper feeling the passion build. He became aware of her body straddling his. He opened his eyes and broke the kiss. Her eyes were twinkling at him and her soft scent filled his nostrils. He pushed her up so she was on her knees and he began to unbutton her blouse, leaning forward and kissing each bit of flesh as it came into view. He pushed her blouse off over her shoulders and released the front snap of her bra letting her breasts come free.

Eagerly he buried his face between them then moved up one soft breast, licking all around her nipple, feeling it getting harder as he teased it with his tongue. Louisa groaned softly and pulled his head hard against her breast and he sucked her nipple deep into his mouth. He cupped her other breast in his hand gently pinching her nipple as he sucked on the other. He could feel her legs spreading lowering herself down, rubbing against his cock through his pants. He licked his way over to her other breast and proceeded to lick, nibble and suck again. His hands slid down her body and worked their way under her skirt, stroking, caressing, and kneading the soft flesh of her ass.

Louisa looked down on him, her eyes fixed on his as he sucked at her breast. She reached down and pulled his shirt up over his head. Her hands moved to touch him, extracting the most exquisite sensations from his body. He moaned and she held her fingers to her lips, gesturing for him to be quiet. He pushed up against her then moved her into the window seat and leaned the seat back. Kneeling on the floor he gently spread her legs apart with his hands, gazing upon her pussy, glistening in the light with her flowing juices. He bent down and breathed deep, devouring the sweet smell of her pussy feeling his cock grow hard. His tongue flicked out and he licked all around her lips before finally dragging his tongue over the sensitive flesh. She pressed her hands on his head, urging him to continue. He teased her, flicking his tongue over her pussy, licking up and down her hot slit then flicking it lightly over her clit.

Slowly he sucked her lips into his mouth, letting them graze over his teeth and teased them with his tongue as he sucked on them. He could feel her body wiggling, her hips thrusting up to drive her pussy deeper into his mouth. He released her from his mouth and probed with his tongue till he found her clit, hard and throbbing against his tongue. He licked it slowly, rubbing his lips over it as he sucked into his mouth. She writhed beneath him, her hands clenching his hair as his tongue extracted such exquisite pleasure from her clit. He could feel her body tensing beneath him. Felt her trying to drive her pussy against his mouth. He released her clit and started to lick her pussy, hard long strokes of his tongue. At the end of each tongue stroke he flicked it across her clit feeling her shudder harder and harder each time he did it.

He sucked her clit into his mouth again and she exploded. Her body bucked and writhed beneath him as she drove her pussy up harder against his mouth, her body straining with delight as her orgasm raced through her. Her thighs trapped his head against her pussy, squeezing him till the final aftershocks subsided within her. She released her hold on his hair, and gazed down on him with those bright blue eyes. He licked her slowly reveling in the taste and scent of her pussy. She sat up and brought her breasts to his mouth again. He gave each a gentle sucking kiss and rested his head against them as she held him to her.

He raised his lips for another kiss, harder now more insistent as their tongues dueled with each other. He held her tight and could feel her hands sliding down his body, rubbing his hard cock inside his pants. She released the hard member and ran one hand up and down the hard shaft, feeling it swell and throb, pulsing in time with his beating heart.

Louisa motioned for him to sit in the middle seat again. He moved, his cock bobbing in the air, and returned to his seat. She leaned down and placed a gentle kiss upon his shaft as he caressed her with his hands. She held him with both hands as if measuring him against some unseen standard. She looked up at him and smiled again and moved to straddle him placing her thighs outside of his pushing his legs together, forcing his cock to stand up straight like a soldier standing at attention.

She raised her skirt and lowered herself down, pausing as the head of his cock came against her pussy. She looked into his eyes and licked her lips as she lowered herself still further letting the first inch of his cock pierce her pussy. His hands moved to her, cupping her breasts and teasing her hard nipples as he thrust his hips trying to slide more of his cock into her. She smiled again and with one hard thrust drove herself down on his cock taking his entire shaft deep inside her. She paused again, leaning forward and kissing him letting her breasts rub against him as she squeezed and massaged his cock with the powerful muscles of her pussy.

She began to move, slowly at first then building to a steady rhythm. Pumping her self up and down his cock, rubbing her breasts against him with each stroke, her lips kissing every part of him she could reach. He groaned, more a rumble, as the pressure of her pussy drove him to a frenzy. Thrusting his cock up to met each stroke, pushing his body against hers, feeling her soft skin and hard nipples rubbing against him. He could feel the heat of her velvet sheath around his cock, caressing and squeezing him like a glove. The pressure in his balls was increasing, making him move faster and faster beneath her.

Louisa's own breathing was becoming ragged, her body tensing each time his cock drove inside her. She began moving faster, her mind filled with the sensation of his cock plumbing her depths. His male scent waking something within her making her slam herself down on his cock arching her back and taking him deeper with each thrust. His mouth found her throbbing nipples and she stiffened with delight as an electric spark ran from her nipple straight to her pussy to the spot where his cock pounded inside her. He sucked harder on her breast as his hips drove up to meet her. Then it struck, her body going completely stiff for a moment, every muscle tensed to the breaking point. She convulsed, the energy of her orgasm ripping through her like a giant wave. Her body bucked and writhed, squeezing the cock inside her harder and harder. Then she felt it, his cock jerking inside her spurting stream after stream of hot cum into the depths of her pussy.

He held her as she sagged against him. He kissed her gently. Leaving a trail of soft butterfly kisses all over her face. He breathed deep locking her scent in his mind. She raised her self to her knees and slowly fastened her bra and buttoned her blouse as she kissed him back. She slowly came to her feet pulling down her skirt and straightening the rest of her clothes. "I better take care of some of the other passengers now." She smiled at him, turned and slipped down the aisle to the back of the plane. She returned a few minutes later looking as stunning as she had when he had boarded. She gave him another warm smile and moved to the front of the plane. He slowly dressed himself, wondering if anyone had heard them. He lay back in the seat and drifted off to sleep again. He woke not to a kiss, but to the bump of the plane landing. He gathered himself and his belongings together and made his way off the plane. Louisa was at the front of the plane saying good bye to the passengers. "I hope you had a pleasant flight Sir." "Most pleasant, I think that was the best flight I have ever been on." He grinned at her and made his way into the terminal. He made his way to the baggage claim and waited for his luggage. It seemed to take forever, as it usually does late at night in an airport. Eventually his bags arrived and he made his way out to the parking garage. As he started to cross the street a familiar scent came to him and an equally familiar voice spoke. "I don't suppose you would be willing to give a tired girl a ride home?" He turned and smiled. "My pleasure Louisa."