 The hot water sluiced through her auburn hair, down her back and over the curve of her buttocks. Julia stood under the hot water rinsing the last of the shampoo from her hair. Normally she would shower at home after her shift was over, but Jake tended not to stay awake on the week nights since he had to be up a few hours after she would likely arrive home. She smiled to herself as the hot water and resulting steam enveloped her body, washing away not only the grime of the night, but most of the tension as well.

Reluctantly shutting off the water she padded across the locker room to where her clothes were, one towel wrapped around her hair, the other around her still damp body. Sitting on the bench in front of her locker she removed her lotion and set about rubbing herself down. The tropical coconut smelled never failed to relax and excite her. Once she was done she took a quick glance around the room to ensure she was alone before dropping her towel. Despite having worked here for eight months, and the fact that she was a 33 year old mother of two, Julia was still not comfortable being naked around others. As she pulled her thong on she heard the door open, and moment later Tina was approaching her with a smile. Tina had been the one to train her when she had started. Julia had experience as a chamber maid, but it had been many years, and learning the rules of the resort and where everything was kept took a bit longer than she'd expected. Tina knew how uncomfortable Julia got and loved to tease her whenever she could.

"You been working out hun?" Tina asked as she settled a few feet from Julia on the bench, "you're lookin' mighty good if you don't mind me saying so."

Julia blushed. Tina had caught her again!. Here she was standing in her thong and wearing nothing else. Tina was a Latin woman in her mid forties, that didn't look a day over twenty five in Julia's opinion.

"No, but I should be. I need to work of this little belly of mine," she replied as she clasped her bra behind her.

Tina stopped undressing and looked at Julia. "You're kidding me right?" she said in a mildly irked tone, "you're a mother of two, in her thirties, and you have the body of a twenty something. Really, you look damn good; give yourself a little credit hun." 

Julia pulled her jeans on as she looked at Tina, an unbelieving look upon her face. She made as if to reply as she buttoned her shirt, but Tina cut her off.

"And don't go looking at me like that," she said as she finished dressing in her uniform, "talking yourself down doesn't change the truth. The truth is...you're pretty...beautiful...attractive...call it what you want, but you are. You can't deny that your tips are better than most of the rest of us. We all see the way some of the guests look at you."

Julia slipped her sneakers on and smiled at Tina. "Thanks. I appreciate it. Do you want a rundown on where I finished off?" With a smile on her face Tina nodded yes and they walked together to the central station.

After covering where the mid-shift left off Julia said goodnight and turned to leave.

"Son of a ...." Tina said as Julia reached the door. Turning back Julia saw the frown on her face.

"What's wrong," she asked as Tina shook her head in a disapproving manner.

"Château twelve just placed a call for some towels," Tina answered with a look of distaste on her face. The château's are a boom or bust situation: either a very nice tip is given, or nothing. And nothing was the answer far too many times for the chamber maids. Similar in design to a condo, they are rented for blocks of time like a time share. It wasn't unheard of for movie stars and their ilk to rent them, after all Jiminy Peak is a top notch ski resort in New England. Number twelve was the primo château, secluded from the rest of the resort even more than numbers one through eleven as it stood alone with the best view of the mountain. This meant having to go outside to get to it. If a cart wasn't available, it was a ten minute walk from the central work station, and ten minutes back. Tina was not looking forward to starting her night twenty minutes behind schedule with the work load she had before her.

"I'll take it," Julia said, running a hand through her still damp hair, "I won't mind the walk. Besides Jake and the boys are asleep, so I have no reason to rush home."

Tina beamed at her, "Really, you don't mind?"

"Not at all," Julia answered, "what are they calling for?"

"Four or five more towels, the caller said they are completely out," Tina said as she gathered the towels from the supply closet, "You're sure you don't mind?"

"Really it's no big deal," Julia said as she took the towels, "besides one of these days one of us will get a tip worthy of gossiping about." The women laughed as Julia said goodbye again and set off for château twelve.

The five towels were a bit more cumbersome than Julia had allowed for. Her walk was slowed by the fact that she couldn't see very well around them. The air was cold, right around freezing, but still considered a nice January night in New England. Her damp hair hadn't frozen, which she took as a plus. She climbed the steps to the door of château twelve slowly, hoping not to slip on the snowy stairs. With her last step her left leg slipped from under her and sent her butt first into a small snow pile. With her free hand she pulled herself back up, her butt wet and frozen. At least I didn't drop the towels, she thought. Knocking on the door she stood as patiently as she could, the air chilling her even more now that she had a wet fanny, as she listened for the sound of someone approaching the door. After a minute or so she knocked again, just a little harder. The seconds seemed to drag as the cold slowly bit at her as she waited for a reply. Unwilling to wait any longer Julia reached into the back pocket of her jeans and withdrew her id card, which worked as a universal key on all the residential units of the resort. Stepping in she quickly shut the door with her foot. Standing still for a moment she listened for an occupant. She could hear the shower running, and realized that was the reason no one had answered the door. Julia decided to set the towels outside the bathroom door and announce herself so they would know the towels were there. As she went around the corner to the hallway leading to the bathroom she was knocked backwards, the towels sent flying. Holding her head she looked up to find a nude man squatting along side her asking if she was ok.

Julia quickly averted her gaze from him and tried to focus on the wall. "I'm...I'll be fine. I'm sorry to have disturbed you," she muttered to him.

The stranger was squatting in front of her, his hand holding the side of her head as he looked at the small bump that formed where she had collided with him. "Are you sure you're ok," he asked in a tender manner, "Let me get some ice for it."

"No, really...I'm ok," she replied, "I got enough of a chill falling in the snow at the front door, I don't need the ice to add to it." 

He suddenly looked at her with question on his face. "Do you work here?" he asked.

"Yes, I was on my way home and offered to take one more call for the next shift, that's why I am not in uniform," she answered, having more and more difficulty not looking at his semi-erect sex hanging above her leg, "I'll be on my way after I straighten your towels." She started to rise but he didn't move.

"Just relax, I can pick up the towels," he said, "I just want to be sure you are ok before you leave. I can make you cup of coffee or tea to warm you if you want? We can dry your clothes while you drink it." 

His voice was very familiar to her. Looking up at him, her heart began to race. Now she could place the voice perfectly, "Joshua...Joshua Jackson right?"

He smiled his sexy grin at her, "Yeah, that's right. Here for a little R&R before going back to work. Really can I make you something? I feel terrible about this"

She let her eyes slide down his face, and took in his naked form again, with a much greater appreciation for the position she was in. "If it isn't too much I could go for a cup of coffee. But before you make it make it..." she trailed her voice off as her eyes again wandered over his naked body.

His eyes followed hers, and surprise leapt to his face. "Oh God I'm sorry. I was literally stepping into the shower when you knocked. I have no towels...well you know that...I was just going to have you pass them through the door." He grabbed a towel and wrapped it around his waist as he stood. Offering Julia his hand he pulled her up. "You are cold. Why don't you go take a quick shower and warm yourself? When you get out the coffee will be ready, and your clothes will be drying."

Julia looked from the front door to the hallway that led to the shower. The idea of driving twenty five minutes in wet clothes held no appeal to her. "Yeah, ok. I was going to decline but this chill is just working its way into me. Thank you Mr...."

He cut her off, "...Josh...Joshua if you must but I prefer Josh. Mr. Jackson is my grandfather. And you are..."

"Julia, I'm sorry. Where are my manners?" she replied.

"Pfft," he said, "I knocked you on your cold, wet butt; introductions weren't yet in order. Go ahead and warm up; I'll get the coffee brewing."

What are you doing? She asked herself as she stripped in the bathroom, her pulse racing. Stepping into the hot shower she let the water run over her body. She jumped when she heard a knock on the door.

"Can I come in?" Josh asked as he cracked the door, "I brought you a towel. And I want to get your clothes drying."

"Just drape it over the shower curtain if you would," she answered, "I'll be out in a minute, and you can take your shower. I don't want to waste the hot water on you."

"That's one of the perks of these suites, they have enormous hot water heaters," he said, "I've stood in there for over an hour before."

"I can see why, this feels incredible. I could stand here until the water runs cold," she sighed as the water warmed her.

"Well if that's your plan I'd have to ask you to move over for a few minutes so I can clean up," he teased, "I just got done in the gym when I called for the towels, so I really need a shower."

Julia sensed something in his voice, or maybe just wished she did. You've never been unfaithful, what are you thinking? She asked herself as the seconds ticked by, the moment nearly past, this isn't some stranger off the street, and it's a celebrity. We always joked that celebrities are fair game. "There's room in here, and I'm almost done. Come on in and I'll be out before you're done lathering." She held her breath; suddenly certain that she had clearly misread his comment and that he was going to suggest she finish her shower and leave. 

The shower curtain slid back a little, and his head popped in. He looked her up and down, a large smile spreading across his tasty lips. "Are you sure?" he asked as he again looked her over from head to toe, "I can wait..."

Julia playfully splashed some water at him, "We're both adults here..." She finished rinsing her hair and slid along the wall away from the water as Josh entered the shower. His semi-erect penis rubbed along her thigh and pubic area as he passed in front of her.

Lathering his hair he said, "I'm shocked someone as beautiful as you doesn't have a boyfriend..."

Julia looked down at her hand and realized she wasn't wearing her wedding band. She never wore it at work for fear of ruining it. "I...well..."

"No need to explain," he said as he rinsed his hair, "to meet someone as attractive as you and hope she is unattached is a one in a million chance anyways, I get it."

"I'm currently unattached," she lied, the words passing her lips easier than she could believe, "and I can say the same for you. No girlfriend?"

He grinned at her, "The last couple didn't work out at all, so I'm kind of playing the field at the moment, just looking for some fun. I'm sure that sounds rather shallow huh?"

Hoping that he wouldn't notice her shaking knees, or the quiver she was sure would fill her voice, Julia stepped towards him and put her hands on his chest, "Actually it sounds like fun."

Josh dipped his head to kiss her. Their lips crushed between them as their bodies pressed together. She could feel his penis pressing into her lower stomach as he pulled her into his arms.

Slowly she pulled her lips from his, delighting in the feeling of his strong arms holding her tight. "Do you have protection?" she asked, knowing that if he said no it would take all her will to leave.

"I do," he replied smiling at her, "sadly my vacation and goal of playing the field hasn't worked out...until now." Releasing her from his arms he quickly washed himself. Taking her towel he dried her off, placing gentle kisses down her back as he went, paying special attention to her ass. 

When he finished she said, "How'd you know that I love it when my...when my ex dried me after a shower. Now it's my turn." Starting at his shoulders she quickly worked her way down his body to his feet. Standing in front of him she began running the towel over his muscled chest, working her way to his rippled stomach. Moving to her knees she quickly dried his penis and balls, before finishing his legs. 

"Thank you, that was...oh God," he moaned as she gripped his cock and slipped her mouth over it. Slowly she moved her whole body back and forth, sliding her mouth along his hard shaft. She moaned as his thick cock pulsed in her mouth. Settling on her knees, Julia began sliding her hand along his slick cock as she moved only her head, drawing grunts of pleasure from him. She felt his cock harden just a little more, the same way Jake did before he came. Cupping his balls in her other hand she gently rubbed them as she continued to pump his cock into her vacuum like mouth. That was all it took to set him off. With a loud grunt Joshua came all over her chest, as she milked every drop from his penis onto her breasts.

"My God...that was the most incredible blow job I've ever had," he panted as he watched her wiping his semen from her breasts, "that thing where you roll your tongue around it as you jerk it...my God..."

Julia smiled at him and tossed the washcloth to the floor. Seeing that his penis was still hard she pulled him tight to her body, loving the feel of his still slick cock pressing between them. "I can see you're not satisfied yet," she teased as her hand found his rock hard sex, "take me to bed and make love to me." She kissed his neck as he lifted her into his arms and left the bathroom. 

Julia gasped when he brought her into the master bedroom. The bed faced a large bay window that looked out to the mountain side. Despite the mountain lights being off, the snow reflected the pale moonlight in a quiet and sensuous way, adding to the dream like feeling surrounding them. Joshua crossed the room and gently laid her on the king sized bed. Julia scooted over, looking up at him in anticipation as he turned a light to dim, offering a small amount of light to compliment the glow from outside. 

"You're sure you want to go through with this," he asked as he opened the drawer of his dresser, "to be honest, I've never moved this fast with anyone before." Taking a condom from the box he walked to the edge of the bed awaiting her reply.

Julia nodded her head and patted the bed along side her. Reclining on her left side with her damp hair draped across her right breast she looked up at him and asked, "Am I not as desirable as you thought?"

That was all the invitation he needed. Joshua tore the package open and rolled the condom onto his cock. Withdrawing a bottle of lubricant from the drawer he climbed onto the bed between her legs and rolled her to her back. "May God strike me dead if I lie, but you are not only desirable, but you are simply out the most beautiful and sexy woman I have ever come across. I've been with my share of girls, models and actresses, but you have a sexiness in your eyes that I've never seen before. It just compliments the rest of you." Kneeling between her parted legs, he slid two lubricated fingers between her aroused lips. Julia gasped as his fingers entered her; heart racing as Josh touched her as no man besides her husband ever had. 

"Oh my, you are tight," he said as he slowly finger fucked her pussy, drawing sighs and moans from her parted lips. Removing his fingers he slowly rubbed her clit and lips, spreading the lube around. Placing his cockhead at her pussy he felt her shaking a little. 

Looking down at her Joshua asked, "Are you ok?"

Trying to calm her nerves Julia replied, "I'm just a little chilled...but I think your about to change that." Reaching up she pulled him down atop her, wrapping her legs around his waist as his cock penetrated her in one smooth motion. His cock wasn't much thicker than Jake's, but after so many years of the same size, the difference felt huge as she gasped into his shoulder. 

Rising a little, Josh bent to kiss her as he slowly began withdrawing his cock from her, only to push it deeply into her again and again. Julia kissed him back, thrusting her tongue into his mouth to the same rhythm of his fucking. Grabbing his ass she tossed her head back, lost in the sensation of this incredible man making love to her in this dream like room. "Oh Josh...oh Josh fuck me...don't stop,' she begged him as his rhythm increased. Feeling her tongue flicking across his lips at an ever faster pace he increased his tempo, allowing her legs to pull him deeper with each thrust. 

"I'm cumming," she yelled, her pussy clamping down on his pistoning cock like a vise. "Oh God...oh God....here it is agaiiin...." Julia groaned as he brought her to another orgasm. 

Reaching back he unlocked her legs, withdrawing his penis from her and tossing the condom aside. Running one hand up and down her silky thigh he stroked his cock, moaning as his own orgasm approached.

Looking between her parted legs Julia watched memorized as his hand slid along his thick shaft, the purple head aimed at her quivering body. While rubbing her breasts with one hand, she slipped two fingers into her wet pussy she began to masturbate with him. "Come on me Josh...shoot your hot goo all over me...I wanna feel your hot come on my belly," she moaned as she thrust her pelvis up at the fingers she had buried in her pussy.

With a roar Joshua came, spraying his milky semen across her naked body. Julia gasped in surprise as the first shot landed on her chin. The remaining spurts covering her heaving body from neck to her pussy. 

Collapsing along side her, he turned her head to face him, and kissed her. She kissed him back, stunned at her own excitement. Her every nerve tingled. Despite having just had multiple orgasms, she felt unsatisfied. The feeling of another mans come on her was driving her mad with desire. "That was amazing," Josh panted as he watched Julia move down his chest, kissing her way lower, "I can't remember ever having cum like that before."

Gently she took his limp penis in her mouth, drawing a half hearted protest from Josh, "Please, let me have a minute to catch my breath." But she didn't wait. Julia rolled her tongue around his cock as she caressed his balls until she felt him grow harder in her mouth. Satisfied that he was hard enough to penetrate her, she climbed from the bed to retrieve another condom. Joshua watched her as she crossed the room, the glow of the reflected moon the only light, highlighting the supple curves of her form. The image of this naked goddess, touched by the glow of the winter moon made his spent cock throb with a desire he didn't think was possible.

As she crawled onto the bed, her body a mixture of moon glow and shadows, he pulled her down to him. They rolled on the bed, lost in a lust they hadn't known they possessed. Julia felt his penis again pressed between them, harder than she had felt the first time they had made love. "Wow. What's gotten into you?" she teased, as their hands roamed across each others body, their lips kissing whatever skin they touched.
