 The Challenge – continues

As he moved over her trembling body he wanted to possess her quickly but would not. He wanted this to be the most sensational evening she had ever experienced. Her arms reached out to wind around his neck, drawing him down to once again feel his lips upon her own. Her soft breasts pressed against his body and he could feel the rising nipples. His hand reached between them to caress and tease her more. Taking his thumb and forefinger he pulled and massaged, slightly squeezing, and again feeling her move against his hand as if to say yes, more.

As their kiss deepened he slowly allowed his hardness to penetrate her warmth. He closed his eyes at the exquisite stirrings deep within him. She felt better than he had ever imagined she would. He couldn’t help but wonder if she had any idea what she did to him.

Her arms pulled him closer as he moved deeper and deeper within causing her hips to begin to move against his own, matching him move for move. Soft moans escaped and he raised a little to look at the passion her eyes held….for him. Those deep blue orbs told him all he needed to know… that she had never felt this way before. With all her sensuality, and all she had to offer, only now was she beginning to awaken to the fire and passion yet to be unleashed. It was as if….he was watching a flower open in slow motion. She pressed harder as they moved in unison together. Her eyes held his. He was now the one mesmerized by her abandonment to the feelings that had erupted. Faster and harder he moved within her softness that was becoming so moist. He had to fight his own control.

He watched her eyes closing slightly as she moaned louder with impending release. He languished in the feeling of making her body react with such an intense orgasm. She grabbed his arms as her body gave way and enjoyed the flowing sensations that now erupted within her. She clung to him as with each wave another soon followed. He watched her face the entire time. Noticed that even though her eyes were closed that the intensity had caused small tears to softly flow down her cheeks. As her breathing slowed he rested on his arms waiting for her to open her eyes as he gently wiped the droplets away. Just watching her had been powerful for him. 

He didn’t move within her…just kept his hard cock buried deep as he enjoyed the flow from her orgasm. She opened her eyes slowly. They were lustful and if possible, an even deeper blue. But there was something else there that he had not noticed before…as if there was an unbridled depth that waited and…promised. She smiled timidly as he bent to kiss her lightly.

“Turn over my luv,” he whispered. “The evening is still young.”

With questioning eyes she turned as he moved off of her to lay along the length her body. His hands began to massage and caress her shoulders, her back.  “ahhhhhhh,” she moaned. His hands felt so strong and yet gentle at the same time. He continued to caress her body, lifting her hair aside and kissing her neck sending tiny chills down her spine. He chuckled as he saw her reaction.

“Like that?” he softly whispered kissing her earlobe.  

“mmmmm,” was all she could answer.

His hands began to roam again…further down her back….caressing her round hips that beckoned him invitingly. His hardness ached to possess her again. Still he continued to caress….as his hands moved over each round cheek to travel further down her legs. As he began to caress and massage the insides of her legs….he parted them again and moved behind her. His hands continued their journey upward. One hand reached underneath to massage her clit. Her hips jerked at the contact and she raised them allowing more access. Her moans started again as his finger dipped inside her warmth. His finger now wet from her own juices, he began to rub her clit again….slowly…ever slowly…making small circles and enjoying the way her hips would press against his hand….almost begging for more.

He bent down and began to kiss…to lick her hips….hearing her gasps of surprise. His thumb moved between her smooth pussy lips…slow….teasing…in and out…while he continued to tease her clit mercilessly. She began to rock back and forth on his hand as her moans grew again to thunderous proportions. He was amazed as he watched her body begin to stiffen and orgasm against his hand. He quickly slid he finger inside her all the way as he brought her to another orgasm…rubbing deep inside…enjoying her muscles as they grabbed his fingers harder and harder….faster…and the sudden release of wetness that now drenched his fingers. Her body still jerked as he rubbed her clit until her body no did not move.

He could wait no longer. He reached for her hips helping her up slightly to rest on her knees.  Quickly he thrust inside her in one quick movement and waited for her to adjust to his hard cock. He didn’t have to wait long as he felt her begin to move against him. Holding her hips firmly he began to rock back and forth, thrusting as deep and hard as possible and yet…she continued to push against him….wanting more….”yesss ahhhhh yessss,” she cried out.  “ahhhhhhh I’mmmm, faster yessss faster.” The moment had come….holding her hard he filled her hot pussy with his seed….thrusting fast against her as they both moaned together.

He pulled her down to lay beside of him as he wrapped his arm around her. No words were spoken as their breathing slowed. His fingers wandered to her breasts and felt her hard nipples.  He couldn’t believe her reaction ….they were beckoning him once again. He continued to tease each nipple…feeling her body respond as she pushed her hips against him again.

He rolled her over and looked at the smile within her eyes. She looked totally wanton… totally desirable as she smiled at him. Her lips slightly parted, so moist, so ready.

He bent down and again began to lick, taste, and devour her breasts. Her hands reached for his head…holding him close. Her sighs and moans began anew.  She was surprised that she still wanted….more. More of his kisses, more of his touch, more of him. 

(to be continued)