 She sat at the bar, one long leg crossed over the other, sipping on her third dirty martini as she watched raindrops slide down the steam-frosted windows that took up the upper half of each wall, giving patrons such as herself a stellar view of the city skyline. She glanced out at the darkening sky, looking at the lights that were popping up as the sun sank below the horizon. The vermouth slid smoothly down her throat and she sighed, knowing that tonight was just going to be one of those nights. The bar was quiet; only a few regulars graced the sofas and chairs spread in conversation groups around the cozy room. She heard the quiet hum of meaningless chatter, punctured by the occasional laugh, and wished that she wasn't alone. But, like so many other wishes she'd had over her twenty-five years, it went unheeded. She'd been alone, in the truest sense, for a very long time. 

Of course there had been a few men here and there; she liked sex as much as the next woman did-passionate, no-holds barred, take-me now sex. The occasional one-night stand every few months was enough intimacy for her, and when it wasn't, batteries worked just as well. Her friends, for the most part, had settled into comfortable long-term relationships. She was the loner, the one without a 'significant other' as everyone called them these days. But for her it was a choice, a conscious decision. She wouldn't let anyone get too close to her. Once-burned, twice-shy, she thought, lifting her glass to her lips and draining it. 

She felt the air shift around her seconds before a large hand settled on her bare shoulder. She turned, tensing, ready to face the threat should it be there. It wasn't, she realized, relaxing as he slid onto the bar stool next to her. He signaled the bartender, ordering another martini for her and a beer for him. "You left the party early," he said casually as his long, tanned fingers wrapped around the glass. 

"That I did," she said easily, her lithe fingers idly sliding up and down the stem of the martini glass. "Even though I'm still dressed for it," she said with a low, husky laugh, glancing down at herself. She was still in the skintight wine-colored off-the-shoulder dress she'd worn to the dinner party. She uncrossed her legs, the dress sliding high on her thighs as she changed legs, crossing her left over her right. She tapped her silver stiletto against the bar stool, pleased with the slight ping the movement produced. 

"You know," he said, "I'm starting to feel a bit like your keeper." He grinned to himself, knowing his comment would cause an eruption of some sort.

She tossed her head, turning to glare at him, fire flaring in her stormy slate blue eyes. "No man will ever be my keeper," she said fiercely. 

He hid his smirk. "Someday some man will-but not this one. I'm not dumb enough to attempt it," he remarked. "Or maybe I just know you too well," he added, watching her fingers tighten almost imperceptibly around the stem of her glass, knowing she was all too capable of throwing it's contents in his face. 

Instead, she threw her head back and downed the martini in one gulp, then grabbed her clutch, stood, and signaled the bartender. He slid his hand around her forearm, slapped a twenty on the bar, and rose from his stool. They were both silent as she stalked from the bar, shaking his hand from her arm as he trailed after her. Her long legs ate up the ground beneath her as she strode down the sidewalk, headed for her condo. 

"Doesn't that hurt your feet?" he asked, keeping up with her easily. She didn't even turn around, but picked up the pace, moving as quickly as she could in her heels. "Hey," he said, taking her arm and spinning her around, "Come on. My car's right there. I'll drive you home before you break an ankle." He saw the indecision in her face, knowing that she was proud enough to walk the mile rather than let him drive her home. 

"Fine," she hissed, stalking to his car. He unlocked the doors and opened hers, closing it behind her. He walked around the back and climbed in, sliding the key in the ignition. The car started easily and he pulled away from the curb, heading down the street. 

"Where are we going?" she said as he missed the turn to her condo. 

"I just want to show you something," he said, sliding a hand over to rest on her thigh. He felt her leg muscles tense beneath his hand. She was always on the defensive. It drove him crazy. It made him hurt for her. And, at the same time, it made him want her more than anything. He'd never met another woman with that much fire. There was passion simmering just under the surface, and he was sick and tired of letting her waste it on the occasional creep she took home and kicked out the next morning without so much as a word. 

Fifteen minutes later they arrived at the beach. He parked the car and came around to open her door. "What are we doing here?" she asked, climbing from the car and sliding her heels off, taking them in her hand. 

"Walk with me," he said, taking her free hand in his. She didn't try to remove it, surprising him. Maybe she'd had more to drink than he thought. They walked to the water's edge, letting the waves wash over their toes as they strolled leisurely down the stretch of deserted sand. No one else was crazy enough to walk on the beach at midnight in the rain. Or desperate enough, he amended. But he'd waited long enough for her, and his patience had worn thin. 

"Why'd you leave the party?" he asked, breaking the silence. 

She glanced at him. "We both know I didn't really belong there," she answered quietly. 

"Why the hell not?" he asked fiercely. "You've been friends with Lily and Adam for long than I have, and I've known them forever." 

She stopped, looking out at the waves, wiggling her toes as the cold water rushed over them. The wind coming off the water blew her hair in her face, but she didn't try to push it back. She liked the feeling; the wildness, the chaos. It suited her. She was as untamable as the storm swirling around them and raging inside her. "We both know that I'm not like the rest of you," she said, raising her chin in defiance against the rain being thrown against them. 

"You're too much like the rest of us and it bugs the hell out of you, doesn't it? If you had it your way it would be you against the rest of the world. Well, you know what? I'm sick and tired of this woe is me shit. Yeah, you got burnt. Two fucking years ago. And you still haven't let it go, have you? You know why? Because you're terrified it'll happen again, and all you really want, deep down, is to be loved by someone who actually means it!" he ranted, throwing his hands in the air. 

She stood very still, so still he could've sworn she wasn't even breathing. Then she turned, and he saw the sheen of tears in her eyes. He reached a hand out, worried he'd gone too far; worried he'd said far too much. She turned back, facing the waves crashing against the sand. His hand met her cool skin and she took off, running back the way they'd came. He took off after her, slowly eating up the ground between them. He caught up to her, spinning her around. They tumbled to the sand, breathing hard. He straddled her, dodging her fists as she tried to clobber him with her shoes. "God damn it, stop that!" 

She turned her face as he pinned her arms above her head. "Fuck you," she whispered, a sob catching in her throat.

"Don't tempt me," he barked.

She turned her head, meeting his eyes as her own widened in surprise. 

He saw the tears, watched them overflow until they were running down her cheeks, meeting with the raindrops and sliding down her chest. "Don't cry. Please don't cry," he said desperately. "I'm sorry. So sorry," he said, leaning down to nuzzle against her. He felt her chest heaving as she tried to hold back her sobs and he felt like dirt. He'd pushed her too far. He rose up above her again, ready to let her go, ready to take her home and forget about this madness. But then his eyes met hers and he was lost. She was so damn hungry, and it showed; hungry for love, hungry for affection, and he was going to give it to her if it killed him. 

With a groan he lowered his head, opening her lips with his. Her tongue slid silkily against his and he growled low in his throat, his mouth pushing fiercely against hers. He took them both deep, his hands releasing her wrists and sliding down her body to her hips, which were rising to cradle his hard cock. She whimpered into his mouth and he caught the sound, sliding his hands under her dress to grab her ass. He gripped hard, pushing his cock against her as his tongue mated with hers. She arched her back, pushing up against him, wanting more. Her legs wrapped around his back and pulled him tighter against her warmth.

He slid her dress down below her tits, groaning as he took one hard nipple into his mouth, sucking hard, lashing her with his tongue. His other hand slid from her ass to her pussy. "Fuck me," he swore, releasing her nipple as his fingers encountered hot, wet, smooth skin. "No panties?" He stroked her, his lips moving to the soft skin of her neck, sucking and kissing her throat as his fingers slid along her damp slit. He ran one finger up to rub against her clit as his thumb slid deep into her tight wet pussy, both of them moaning as he teased her. "You're so fucking wet," he growled, sliding his thumb in and out of her. She contracted around his finger, milking it as he circled her clit. He looked down, watching her pussy take his thumb. He slid it from her, then took two of his fingers and hooked them inside her, grinning as her hips arched to ride his hand. "You like that, don't you baby?" he rasped, sliding his lips over her nipple before flicking it with his tongue. 

She whimpered, arching her back and pushing more of her breast into his hot mouth. "I need you in me," she whispered, "Now." She wrapped her legs high around his back, pulling him down to her and raising her lips to his. She slid a hand down his chest and stomach until her fingers wrapped around his cock, stroking him through his pants. He thrust into her hand, groaning as her fist moved up and down his cock. She slid her hand beneath his waistband, feeling him shudder as her cool fingers wrapped around his thick shaft. "I want to feel this in me," she said, leaning up to bite his neck playfully. 

He pushed her hand from him and unzipped his fly. He looked down at her, spread out on the sand. Her dress had ridden up her thighs and he could see her smooth pussy, glistening with juice. He hardened even further, his hand stroking his cock as he watched her. "Fuck me," she whispered, "Now!" He lowered himself over her, his cock sliding against her wet entrance. His lips once again went to her nipple and he sucked hard, drawing it deep into his mouth, lashing it with his tongue over and over. She wriggled beneath him, her legs wrapping high around his back. His cock settled in her slit, sliding easily against her clit. 

She reached down, wrapping her hand around his dick, using the head to stroke her clit. "You're so fucking sexy," he said, thrusting against her. Her hips arched high, forcing his cock against her. Her body tightened, tensing. "That's it, baby. Cum for me," he whispered fiercely, watching her hips rise and fall. He slid a hand to her chest and took a nipple between his fingers, pinching gently. He leaned down, mouthing her neck while she moved his cock against her wet pussy, slipping and sliding as she strained to get herself to the edge. He rocked against her, driving his cock hard against her clit. His fingers tightened, pinching her nipple hard. She gasped, moving her hips wildly, moving his rock hard cock to meet her aching clit. Seconds later she exploded, her back arching as she screamed, juice flowing from her wet pussy to coat his dick. "That's it, sweetheart. I love it when you cum for me," he said as he slid his cock down to tease the entrance to her tight, hot, wet pussy. 

He watched as she came back down, rubbing the head of his cock between her wet lips. Her eyes focused on him and she smiled. With a grin he drove his cock deep into her depths, groaning as her eyes slid closed with pleasure. "Fuck yes," she moaned. "Fuck me good." He thrust deep, spearing her with his cock. Her pussy wrapped tight around him, contracting on his cock as she lifted her hips to meet him. He growled low in his throat, pounding her wet pussy for all it was worth. He fucked her as hard as he could, slamming in and out of her, his balls slapping firmly against her ass. He felt her body tense and he drove deeper, lifting her legs over his shoulders as he fucked into her. "Oh yes," she whimpered, hands rising to run over his shoulders. She wrapped her legs around his shoulders, lifting herself to take his cock deep. Her head rose off the sand and he felt her mouth on his throat. "Fuck....I'm cumming!" she screamed, biting his shoulder. With a growl he let himself go, slamming into her wet pussy one last time. He held himself deep as he exploded in her, hands grabbing her hips hard, forcing her to take every last drop. 

With a groan he collapsed against her, wrapping her in his arms. He felt her shiver and he grinned, still buried deep inside the warmth of her body. He ran his mouth along her neck and up to her ear. "Come home with me," he whispered. She pushed him up, looking at his face warily. "Shhh," he said, laying a finger on her lips as she started to speak, "No arguments. I've wanted you for a long time. You just didn't know it. And, just so you know, this isn't another one-night stand. You're mine now and you're going to stay that way." He slid her dress down to cover her, then rose and pulled her up with him. He knew she'd fight him eventually. But any woman worth her salt was a challenge. He'd just have to come out on top.