 The doors opened and a stretcher was wheeled out. Vee lay lifeless upon it, eyes closed, her body drained, her mind exhausted. She couldn't even move her toes and to her dismay ever so often, minor orgasmic tremors fluttered from her pussy up through her belly and back out her asshole.

She ground her teeth together moaning silently as she was carted off to a dark room where an unknown number of hands lifted her off the stretcher and placed her on a small bed. Her thighs were spread apart and a hand rubbing with a rough towel dried her sopping pussy and dripping asshole. A warm blanket was pulled over her and she was left in the darkness.

As she drifted off, her mind tried to process her dilemma only to focus on the man's words that this was going to be her lot for the next thirty days.

"Oh, God," she whispered, as sleep invaded what little consciousness she had left.

Several hours later, she awoke with a start in the dark room. Someone was opening the door and she heard the snap of a light switch and the room was flooded with light. Squinting her eyes as she tried to focus now made difficult because of all the time she had spent in darkness.

A dark figure entered, carrying a small tray.

"Get up!" the voice ordered.

She struggled to sit up on the small bed. Her body felt as if she had no bones. Her pussy lips felt fat, puffy and swollen, the cavity gaping and distended as was her asshole. She swung her feet and sat on the side of the bed.

"I-I-want to pee," she croaked.

"There's a bucket next to the bed," the voice answered.

Vee was too tired to worry about who the figure was and couldn't care who was looking at her so she grasped the bucket, pulled it to her, pulled the light dress she was wearing up to her waist and began emptying her bladder. 

The sound of her urine stream hitting the bottom of the metal bucket was the only sound in the room. Her clit tingled as the urine flowed over it and her pussy stung as the flow dampened it. Finally the stream slowed to a trickle, followed by a few drops and then finally stopped.

She placed the bucket back on the floor and turned her head to look for a towel or a piece of cloth to dry her pussy and then realized that she was wearing a leather collar which connected her to the bed by a long chain. She whimpered as she became aware of her situation. A tray was pushed towards her and she grabbed it as a hunger pang struck her in the stomach.

On the tray was a piece of meat and a plate full of vegetables. She ate mindlessly and thought that the food didn't taste too bad. When she was finished, she was given a glass of water which she drank and the tray was then taken from her.

"Open your legs," the voice ordered and she did.

The stranger's hand forced its way between her legs and gently dabbed her pussy with a warm moist cloth. It also ministered to her sore and quivering asshole.

She looked more closely at the person as her eyes could now focus in the light and saw an old woman with bright eyes and full lips. Vee thought that the bold woman must have been a looker in her day because even though her face was now wrinkled and her hair gray she still had some beauty left. The old woman picked the now empty food tray in her hand and left the room as Vee sank back on the hard bed, opening her thighs to provide any relief to her throbbing pussy and tingling asshole and tried to recreate the circumstances that had brought her to this place"

"This is the last call for Flight 1246 to Barundi," a voice intoned over the loud speaker."

Vee kissed her husband Andy goodbye and hustled through the gates to board the airplane. She was on a flight from Kennedy International Airport in New York City to a place called Barundi, somewhere in Africa. She was the last person to board the airplane and took her seat in the first class section, an upgrade gift from her husband.

She sat next to a very beautiful young girl whose skin was jet black and whose full lips were sensuous and painted with a bronze colored lipstick. Her finger nails were painted the same color. She smiled as Vee sat next to her and Vee smiled back in greeting.

The flight took off uneventfully and thirty minutes later they were heading across the Atlantic Ocean to Africa. Vee and Puzique, the young lady sitting next to her, exchanged a few pleasantries and as the time passed, they engaged in more and more conversation.

Vee was a woman in her sixties, traveling to Africa for the very first time. She and her husband had planned the trip but at the last moment he could not travel with her but was expected to come a week later. 

Puzique was the daughter of the prince of Barundi and a frequent traveler between New York and Barundi. They talked of many things on the trip and the young woman who was returning home to an arranged marriage was shyly asking Vee a lot of questions about men and sex and the whole marriage thing.

Vee was kind of glad that her husband was coming a week later because it gave her a break from his constant sexual demands. She loved him very much but found that since she had been successfully treated for breast cancer, she had lost her libido and sex no longer caused the tingle and wetness between her thighs that it did when she was younger. Her husband even though in his seventies, was still a very virile man, loved regular sex and took it when he needed it. 

She always gave it without complaint because they lived in a Master/slave relationship where she had willingly become his slave as her submissive desires had dictated. She loved being at his beck and call and whenever he used her, she submitted willingly. She knew that she belonged to him and enjoyed that knowledge. O

Over time, he had used and claimed every inch of her body, sampling her every orifice for his pleasure. She so enjoyed serving him and seeing the joy he experienced when taking and using her but her enjoyment of sex in and of itself had greatly diminished. This was something she and Andy, her Master /husband had discussed on many occasions and she had tried everything that she knew to cure the problem, all to no avail.

Andy loved her so, as husband and Master and he was very patient with her. His patience and constant care and concern made her want to submit to his wishes even more and she tried so hard to enjoy the sex for itself but finally decided to derive her pleasure from pleasing him rather than from the actual act.

Fifteen hours after take-off, the pilot instructed all passengers and flight crew to be seated and prepare for landing. Thankful for the good counsel from Vee, Puzette opened her hand bag and gave her a compact.

"I want you to have this because you have been so helpful to me." Puzique said and slipped it into Vee's handbag. 

After the plane had finally landed the doors opened, letting in a blast of hot African air. All passengers were instructed to remain in their seats allowing Puzique, as a princess, to exit first. Her father had sent his officials to get her and she waved goodbye with a smile to her new friend Vee, telling her that she would come visit her once her husband had arrived at the resort where she was staying.

Ten minutes later, Vee exited the plane, passed through immigration and entered the customs area. Little did she know that her life was about to drastically change.

All of the passengers had been advised before leaving New York not to travel with anything gold besides their wedding rings, as gold in Barundi was reserved for use by royalty only and anyone found to carry gold of any sort would have it confiscated and be imprisoned. 

Vee made sure that she had no gold as did most of the non-royal remaining passengers. They were always a few who didn't listen, as many white Americans do, and they suffered as a result.

As she entered customs, the official asked her to open her hand bag for examination. Sitting at the top of the bag was a gold compact. Vee thought nothing of it until the official pointed it out to her and asked if she were aware that it was a crime to bring gold into Barundi. Vee gasped, remembering the penalty and stuttered,

"Puzique, gave it to me."

"Puzique? Who is Puzique?" asked the officer.

Vee could tell him no more than she was the prince's daughter and was sitting next to her in first class and had given her the compact as a gift.

Unfortunately in Barundi, no one knew a Puzique. Her mother's name was Jellipuzz and as the first daughter she received the name Jellipuzzie.

Conscious of the sound of her name in Engish, Jellipuzzie shortened her name to Puzique while in the United States but no one in Barundi knew her as Puzique!

As a member of the royal family, she was allowed to travel with gold and it did not occur to her what problems she was creating for Vee when she gave her the gold compact as a parting gift. Vee, thrilled to receive such a gift, forgot all about the laws of Barundi until brought face to face with the customs officer.

"Ma'am," instructed the officer, you were warned about bringing gold into Barundi. You will be arrested and taken to jail."

Vee's heart sank as she had no idea how to contact Puzique. Her luggage was seized, her cell phone taken away with her hand bag and she was escorted from the airport in handcuffs.

Twenty fours later she was lying on a hard bed with a leather collar around her neck chained to the bed wearing only a light dress, no panties, no bra, no shoes, ass tingling pussy on fire with expectations of more to come and no way of letting her husband or Puzique know where she was and what had happened to her.

She remembered talking to one of the female officers who accompanied her to the prison and telling her that she hoped that she would not be sexually abused there because she didn't enjoy sex anymore and that it would be like torture to her. 

On handing Vee over to the prison guards, the female officer mentioned to them that Vee had told her that she didn't enjoy sex anymore and that she should be left alone. If she were sexually abused, she said that she would probably complain to the US embassy and cause problems for them, unlike the younger women who eventually enjoyed what the male and female jailers did to them such that some didn't want to leave even after their times were served.

Vee found herself shepherded into a large room inside a compound with about twenty other women. she had no luggage and the only clothes that she had were the ones that she wore. 

A piercing whistle sounded and everyone grew quiet as a large black man in military uniform with a cane under his arm started to speak.

"You ladies know why you all are here. You have violated Barundi's law about bringing gold into the country and you have all been sentenced to a month in jail and your gold confiscated."

Vee gasped loudly, realizing that her husband was due in a week and she had no way of contacting him and he would never know where she was. 

"Oh my God," she sobbed.

The next words from the man's mouth threw all the women into a state of terror.

"Strip!" he yelled.

The women started looking around at each other in panic until he said,

"Those who aren't naked in thirty seconds will have their clothes removed and their asses whipped!"

All of the women then started to remove their clothing and in thirty seconds each woman had a pile of clothing in her hands; dresses, shirts, blouses, pants, bras and panties. 

The guards around them started throwing large garbage bags at them and the voice continued, 

"Grab a garbage bag, put your belongings into it, wrap the neck with a twist and drop it at your feet."

After this was done, the bags were collected and stickers with names placed on the bags. The voice continued,

"If you behave, you will get your clothes back in thirty days and be allowed to leave. If you do not, you may be here for a year!"

An audible gasp could be heard throughout as all of the women contemplated that fate. As the bags were collected, each woman was issued a loose gown and rubber slippers and told to put them on. No one was issued underwear. The black officer reminded the guards that they should touch none of the women.

"We do not want the United States investigating us, so these women must have no cause to complain about sexual harassment by any man."

"If we catch any man molesting one of them, he will die!" the voice ended. "Take them to their rooms and let them rest. They will need it for tomorrow!" 

Vee found herself locked in a room with only a candle for lighting. Try as she would, she couldn't get to sleep and it wasn't until almost dawn that she nodded off. At exactly eight a.m. the door squeaked open and a male guard shouted.

"Get up, get up!"

To Vee it seemed as if she had barely just gone to sleep but determined not to give trouble she got up immediately. 

All of the women were ushered into an open court yard, ordered to strip again and then directed to a small building. In this room hung large enema cans. Each woman was instructed to bend over. They were given thorough enemas and allowed to use the toilets until the water ran clear, signifying that their rectums were absolutely clean. They were then directed to another room and into a narrow corridor. 

Once inside the corridor and the doors closed, cold water rained down upon them. To their left was a wooden shelf with a several bars of soap. They were instructed that they had five minutes to soap, bathe and get out.

Vee, still shivering from the deluge of cold water dropped upon them, quickly washed her face and soaped her body, paying attention to her armpits, breasts, ass and groin. Another shower of cold water from above washed the soap away and as they exited the corridor, rough towels were issued to them to dry off. 

Once dry, the towels were then taken away and they were given their gowns to put back on. They were then directed into a room where trays of food sat steaming. The food smelled good and the women ate and were then ordered back to their rooms. Vee remembered thinking that if this was all that was going to happen to them, it might not be so bad. She was so wrong!

At exactly noon they were served lunch and then taken into a small building away from the compound. To Vee's surprise, this building was air conditioned and very comfortable. Along the walls were small booths and each woman was directed to enter one of them. 

The seats looked like padded u shaped toilet seats. Each woman was instructed to pull her gown up to her waist and sit on their bare ass. As they sat, their arms were cuffed behind them and leather collars with rings were fastened to their necks. Vee began to fear for her safety but a voice immediately said,

"Do not be afraid. You will not be hurt nor damaged in any way."

Vee relaxed. Her feet were placed on a foot pedals which automatically raised, slowly elevating and spreading her thighs. She felt her pussy lips and the cheeks of her ass, gape apart as her legs bent. A padded bar descended on her thighs locking them in place. Vee was comfortable but immobile and could only barely move her arms or legs. She was firmly locked in place.

The booth began to fill with an aroma that to Vee reminded her of marijuana and as she continued breathing she began to relax and realized that it was pot smoke that was being piped into the booth. She started feeling euphoric and leaned back against the seat closing her eyes and enjoying the feeling of her first contact high.

Her reverie was suddenly jarred by something wet that swiped at her pussy. She felt it again and again and tried to wiggle her ass from the offending sensation but the restraints held her in place. Vee realized that something or somebody was eating her pussy from below. She could see no one but the licking began to drive her crazy. The wet tongue spread her lips apart and she could feel teeth gently nibbling on her clit.

She gasped as the intrusion continued and the mouth latched on to her clit and began to suck it as if trying to pull it off her body. She lurched in the seat but could not get away as the tongue licked and swirled, flicking and sucking until her belly began to ripple. Vee ground her teeth until an "ooohh" escaped from her lips. 

The mouth below her licked all the way back to her asshole as Vee's eyes popped open in wonder. It circled her anus while the lips sucked. Vee was beside herself now as she had never experienced this and when the tongue stabbed up into her ass and entered her she wailed and roared as an orgasm rocked her body. Struggling and gasping, she moaned and screeched but that tongue was inexorable. Her clit was sucked, licked and plundered, her ass too was treated similarly as the tongue penetrated both of her holes. Wave after wave of continuous orgasms rolled over her until her gown became drenched with sweat. Vee screamed until she was exhausted and hoarse.

Finally the tongue ceased its licking and sucking and she lay back in the seat, nostrils distended from her racing breathing, heart pounding, pussy dripping, asshole wet and still quivering from the assault.

"Oh! my God," Vee moaned, " I thought that I would never stop coming."

All around her she could hear the moans and screams of the other women as they too rode waves of ecstasy from tongues that licked and sucked them into oblivion.

As Vee lay back in the seat catching her breath, cooling air blew across her face and she allowed her head to fall backward to rest on the head support that was attached to the top of the chair.

While she lay immobile, a warm wetness bathed her puffy cunt lips and still quivering asshole. She felt something between her thighs and looked down to see a large fat, black, glistening dildo rise up between them. 

Before she could even say a word, it angled itself and began nudging her pussy lips, gently rocking back and forth. In panic, Vee tried to edge sideways to avoid it but she couldn't even move her hips and it found its way to her cunt hole. Once the entry was located, it began slowly inserting itself. 

The wetness that she had felt previously was an oily lubricant that had been sprayed between her pussy lips and asshole which enabled the fat dildo to slowly work its way into her. It moved so slowly that she only knew that it was moving because it felt deeper and deeper. When the entire dildo was inside, it stopped moving. Her pussy was now sprawled completely open and filled with this gigantic rubber cock but she felt no pain, just absolute fullness.