 For my friend Michael who patiently endures my disappearing acts, and who's private photos have given me many pleasant dreams.

"We'll be back!" my bridesmaid's said as they scurried from the room. I could hear them giggling all the way down the stairs. They left on a mission to find a bottle of liquor.

It was thirty minutes before the big event. I was nervously pacing the floor in one of the two small rooms upstairs at the Inn. Soon I would be called downstairs and out into the lawn where my handsome groom waited for me. I would marry my fiancé - the love of my life. 

I was alone, save for Marie, my maid of honour who was in the room across the hall. She was having another "crisis" with her boyfriend. I could hear her shouting into her cell phone through the thin wall.

I peered out the window. There were over a hundred guests. Most of them had already been seated in one of the rows of white folding chairs on the lawn. I could see the minister and 4 handsome gentlemen in black tuxedos standing up at the front of the crowd. I couldn't ask for a more beautiful sunny day to get married.

My fiancé, Errol, was a successful business man. I had met him on a cruise in the Bahamas eight months ago. He was a handsome man, if a little dull. Our love life too was unremarkable but he was kind however and I loved him.

I stepped away from the window and looked at myself in the tall mirror again. I admired my beautiful wedding dress. It was pure white, with hundreds of tiny sequins and trimmed with delicate lace. I pulled my veil down over my face and admired myself through the mesh fabric. 

The front of the dress was cut low enough to show off my ample cleavage, yet remained tasteful enough to be worn in church. It wasn't easy to find a dress to fit a thin yet "top heavy" woman like myself and it took a lot of alterations to make it work. I think my favourite piece however was probably the lace gloves. I stood there adjusting the dress and pushing up my breasts when suddenly there was a knock at the door. 

"Who is it?" I asked turning around.

The door opened and to my surprise in walked my ex-boyfriend, Dave. "My God," he said with a smile, "Karen, you look breath-taking!"

My heart began to beat faster. Dave was a last minute addition to the guest list. Our short love-affair had been so powerful, I had decided not to invite him even though we were still friends. It was only at my fiancé's insistence that we send him an invitation.

"Hi, Dave," I replied uncomfortably. "You look quite handsome yourself in your tux." I looked him up and down again. Just the sight of him was beginning to stir up feelings that I really didn't need right now.

Dave closed the door. He crossed the floor and put his hands on my shoulders. "I couldn't have imagined how beautiful you would look until I saw you just now." Dave continued to run his eyes all over me.

"Dave, you're sweet, but you can't be in here," I said, flipping the Vail up and off my face.

"Nonsense!" Dave replied. "I have every right to see what I'm missing. Every man in the place will be watching you tonight. You're going to break a lot of hearts!"

I could see right through Dave's flattery. He was a smooth talker. Even so, I got a warm feeling as he spoke.

"You already know what you're missing, Dave," I said. I then said something I would immediately regret. I added "You've seen me naked like a hundred times, remember?"

How could I say that? Why would I open the door for him like that? I began to blush.

Dave smiled a crooked smile. "A thousand times," he said, "but who's counting."

"OK, I'm officially embarrassed now!" I said with a smile. "But you should go."

"Of course. But first let me give the bride a hug," Dave said stretching his arms out. I paused for a moment, then gave a sigh and stepped into his arms. Dave wrapped his arms around me and held me tight. I rested my face against his shoulder. I would certainly miss our intimacy, but I knew in my heart I was making the right decision.

I lifted my head. We looked into each other's eyes. My heart was pounding. Through the thick folds of material that made up my wedding dress I could feel Dave's cock begin to inflate. Dave put his hand against my cheek. I stepped, breaking our embrace. I took his hands in mine. 

"I'll always have feelings for you, Dave," I said, "but right now you have to leave. I can't get caught talking with my ex-boyfriend before my wedding."

"I understand," he said. He looked me up and down again. "Before I go, do me one small favour."

I shot him a dirty look but before I could say anything, he spoke.

"I've always wondered what a bride wears under her dress."

His words hung in the air. My eyes grew wide. "Excuse me?" I exclaimed.

"Show me, Karen, and I'll leave. My curiosity will be satisfied," he said. Dave always had his nerve. It almost surprised me that he wanted one last look at me.

"Are you crazy?" I said in a hushed tone. "My mother could walk in any second! Or my mother IN LAW!" I pointed my finger to the floor indicating that at any time, someone could climb the stairs and enter unannounced into the room. "Plus," I added, "You've had your chance. It's over between us."

"Please Karen," Dave said, "Let me see what another man will be enjoying tonight." 

My breathing quickened. I pictured Dave on his knees sliding his hands up my legs. I imagined his hands reaching mid-thigh where my stockings ended and bare flesh began. I imagined his hands sliding behind me and gently caressing my bare ass. 

"Absolutely not!" I told him. But Dave didn't move. He stood there smiling and pretended to pout. A moment passed. The room was silent. I listened for any footsteps on the old wooden stairs. I could still hear my maid of honour of the phone in the room across the hall. I could feel my face getting red.

"Come on, Karen," Dave persisted, "for old time's sake. Let me have one last look at those sexy legs."

I told myself that it was alright. I told myself that he had already seen me naked in every conceivable sexual position, and that showing him my legs or even panties was not a big deal. I took a deep breath.

"Will you leave immediately after?" I asked. Dave nodded in agreement. "Sit," I said, motioning to the only chair in the room. "You will NOT touch me."

Dave wasted no time in sitting on the creaky wooden chair beside the desk. I tried to forget that in twenty-five minutes I was about to be married to another man, and that what I was about to do was very wrong.

I walked up to him and stood there. I gave a heavy sigh as if to say that he was such a bother. I looked him in the eye. "This is the last time," I said. Dave grinned. "I can't believe I'm doing this," I said under my breath. Then, slowly I bent in half and took hold of the bottom of my wedding gown. I gathered it up in folds and carefully stood up. Inch by inch I exposed my long stocking-clad legs. I stopped at mid-thigh where my stockings ended.

"There you go. So do you like my stockings?" I asked Dave.

I could tell by the look on his face that he was trying very hard not to reach out and grab me.

"Very.... sexy," Dave said. "More please."

I rolled my eyes and paused for a moment. I slowly lifted my dress another few inches revealing the lacy tops of my stockings and stopping just below my panties.

I could hear Dave's heavy breathing and I watched as his eyes took in the details of my soft flesh and sexy white stockings.

I turned to look at the window to make extra certain I could not be seen by anyone on the ground. I paused again to listen for any steps on the creaky stairs. Then I looked back at Dave. I felt butterflies in my stomach. I should have dropped my skirt at that point. Instead I pressed on.

"And this," I said, pausing for dramatic effect, "is what a bride's panties look like." 

I slowly pulled my dress up to my chest.

Dave's mouth dropped open. "Wow," he said. 

I looked down at Dave's pants. I recognised the big bulge I'd seen many times before. The sight of it made me feel woozy.

"I love how they're sort of transparent," he said. The panties I wore were mostly white sheer material with a solid white patch covering my pussy.

"Cute aren't they?" I said looking down at them. I remained there holding my dress up letting Dave have a long look at my body from my belly to my toes. I was hoping he would also notice my new belly-ring.

"Let me see the back now," Dave said.

"Oh I don't think so," I said laughing and dropping my dress.

"Why not?" Dave said in a disappointed tone.

"No." I said firmly.

"How come?" he asked. Was he serious? How could he not understand my reluctance?

"Well first of all, Dave, I'm getting married in twenty five...." I paused glancing at the clock on the wall, "twenty minutes. Secondly, there is no back to these panties to see."

Dave raised his eyebrows and we both burst out laughing.

"Oh REALLY?" he said. "So you're wearing a g-string down the aisle today?" I shrugged and said nothing at first. Then I said, "It's a thong at the back. It's really small though." I was grinning as I spoke. I loved the reaction on his face when I told him I was wearing a thong.

"Oh I see," said Dave nodding his head and tapping his chin with his finger.

"No," I said shaking my head, "you don't see." I wanted to show him so badly but I did not want to betray my soon-to-be husband.

"One little look. I won't touch, I promise," Dave said. A moment passed. I kept staring at the big cock pressing against Dave's black suit pants. 

I broke the silence with an exaggerated sigh. I turned my back to him and over my shoulder I said, "One peek."

Dave seized the opportunity. He leaned over and grabbed the bottom of my dress. He stood pulling the dress up and pressed it against my shoulder, holding it firm. I felt the cool air of the room on my bare bottom and a warm sensation up my neck and face.

"My God, Karen, what an amazing ass you have," Dave said, "so round and perfect."

"You're supposed to be looking at my thong," I reminded him. I was so excited I felt my legs shaking. I loved having Dave look at my bare ass again. I could feel my nipples stiffening against my lacy bra.

"I love how the white string disappears between you little ass cheeks," he said. Suddenly I felt his warm hand on my bare ass. I let out a gasp. Dave squeezed me and gently patted my bare flesh. He moved his hand from cheek to cheek. Part of me wanted to turn and slap him. Most of me wanted him to force me to the bed and finish what he started. I remained motionless for a full minute while Dave's hand explored every inch of my bare ass.

"Dave that's enough!" I hissed, pretending to be annoyed that he had broken his word.

I spun around to face him and Dave dropped the dress.

"There, now you have officially felt up the bride. I hope you're happy," I said in mock anger. I decided I had to put an end to this before things got out of control. "Come with me," I said. I took him by the arm and led him to the door. My white high heels echoed in the small room with each step on the hardwood floor.

We stopped in front of the door. I put one hand on the knob. "Here's what you're going to do," I told him, "You're going to cross the hall to the other room. You remember my friend Marie, don't you? Well Marie is in there having a fit with her boyfriend on the phone. You're going to go hit on her, and believe me; she'll have your cock in her mouth so fast you won't know what hit you."

Dave looked stunned as I opened the door. He paused and then let out a sigh.

"Out!" I commanded. Dave sighed. He shrugged and walked out the door. I closed the door behind him and took a deep breath. I slowly walked back to the mirror. My heart was pounding but I knew I had done the right thing.

I knew Dave well. I knew that once he had his cock sucked he would lose interest in me and I could focus on the wedding. I also knew my friend Marie very well. I knew she was a huge slut, and that given the opportunity she would drop to her knees for him in a heartbeat.

I looked at myself in the mirror. I started to regret what I had let Dave do to me. I had let my ex-boyfriend feel up my bare ass on my wedding day.

"You're an idiot," I said to my reflection. My mind was racing. I thought of my soon-to-be husband, Errol and how trusting he was and what a good provider he was. Then I thought about Dave, and what a pounding he could deliver in bed. I remembered one of our last dates. Dave fucked me at a party. He stripped me naked and fucked me on the bed where everyone's coats had been stored. We were interrupted over and over by guests walking into the bedroom to retrieve their coats but Dave never once stopped fucking me. 

I closed my eyes and ran my hands over my small waist and then slid them up over my large breasts. I remembered back to a year ago when I was sucking Dave's cock every night. I imagined the sound of his voice as he came in my mouth. I was sure I was soaking my panties.

"I want you so bad," I whispered to myself. I felt my nipples pressing hard against my lacy bra. 

I looked again at the clock and then back at the mirror. I closed my eyes and slipped a hand down the front of my dress. I loved the sensation of the thin glove over my soft skin. I found my hard nipple and pulled gently on it. Suddenly I noticed Marie's voice had gone silent. I expected Dave had worked his magic and was now getting his cock sucked by my maid of honour. How I wished it was me on my knees right now, sucking Dave's big cock. 

Quietly I reached behind my back and unzipped my dress about six inches. I carefully relaxed the front of the dress pulling it down and out, as much as the stiff material would allow. Then I reached down my top with my right hand and slipped my left breast from its lacy home. Then I did the same with my right breast. The stiff collar on the dress made for a shelf, holding my oversized breasts up and pushing them together in an unnatural way. I looked again in the mirror. The light from the window made my bare breasts glow. My dark stiff nipples provided a contrast to my pale white skin.

"Do you like my big tits, Dave?" I said to my reflection gently shaking my chest from side to side. "Should I walk down the aisle like this? Would you like that?" I dropped my hand to my crotch and pushed. God how I wished Dave was licking my wet pussy at that moment.

"Would you like to watch my big tits bounce with every step I take?" I said to the mirror. I reached up and clutched both breasts in my hands. I spread my fingers to I could see my hard nipples. "Maybe you'd like to fuck me one more time before I get married?" I loved how the word 'fuck' sounded. I repeated myself slowly, leaving emphasis on the word 'fuck'. 

"Maybe you'd like to FUCK me one more time before I get married?" I said to the mirror.

Suddenly a voice spoke behind me. "She wasn't there," the voice said. I jumped and spun around on my heels. I let out a cry and lost my footing. I slipped back and tumbled, my arms flailing to catch the desk to break my fall. 

Dave leapt across the floor toward me. "Oh my God, Karen!" he shouted. 

I landed flat on my ass on the floor beside the desk. One breast had slipped back into my dress, the other still heaving over the top of my collar. I started to laugh.

"Are you ok?" Dave asked as he helped me to my feet.

"Ya," I said still laughing. "Stupid high-heels!"

I brushed my dress off and adjusted my veil but made no effort to cover my exposed breast.

"I'm ok," I said. I turned to face the mirror again. Dave stepped aside so I could see reflection. I reached into my dress and pulled out my other breast so both tits were completely exposed again.

The room went quiet. Dave's eyes were locked on my bare tits.

"That's not quite right," he said. He reached behind me and lowered my zipper another few inches. I felt the front of my dress relax. Dave went to work pulling the dress down and making it sit flat against my body. He gently adjusted my big tits so they hung more naturally. 

"Better?" Dave said standing back. I looked at in the mirror. I picked up my flower bouquet and held it in front of me.

"Sexy," I said.

I looked over at Dave. He had unfastened his pants and pulled his cock and balls out. He was re-fastening the button on his pants so his genitals were framed in black material.

"Oh my God," I said staring at his thick shaft and tight ball sac.

Dave motioned to the chair with his hand. Without a word, I turned and sat down in the chair. From my position in front of the window I could see most of the guests on the back lawn. I could see the musicians were in place and starting to play. I turned back to Dave who had moved in front of me now. His cock was huge. It somehow looked bigger than I had remembered. I lifted my glove-clad hand and cupped his big ball sac. I lifted it and in doing so, pointed his hard shaft at my face. In the bright light from the window I could see every detail in his long fleshy cock.

I let out a gentle sigh as I rolled his balls in the palm of my hand. "This...I will miss," I said looking up at Dave. 

Another moment passed. Neither of us spoke. I lifted my other hand and began to gently stroke Dave's cock. "What does that feel like with my gloves on?" I asked him softly.

"Feels different, but nice," he replied.

I continued to gently stroke his cock. I watched a drop of pre-come collect at the tip of his shaft.

"Are you wet?" Dave asked.

"Yes," I replied without hesitation.

Another moment passed. I started to stroke Dave's cock a little faster. I tried to imagine how many times I had jerked him off in the past. A hundred? How many times had I swallowed his come?

"Karen," Dave said. I looked up at him. "Put that cock in your mouth," he said softly.

My heart jumped. "I can't," I said, "Dave, I can't cheat on my husband on my wedding day."

Dave reached out and gently touched my cheek with his fingers. "Karen," Dave said again, "Put that big cock in your mouth and suck on it." His words sent a chill up my spine.

"I want to Dave. God knows I want to but I can't," I told him.

I released his cock and cupped my breasts. I pulled gently on my nipples. I felt so comfortable playing with my tits in front of Dave.

"Sweetheart," Dave said after a moment, "Suck that big cock."

I looked up at him. A tear was forming in the corner of my eye. He took a half-step closer to me. 

Taking his cock by the base Dave lifted it and tapped it against the side of my face. Then he started on my forehead and slowly traced the wide head of his cock down my nose, and pressed it gently on my lips.

"Open your pretty mouth and suck my cock," he said softly.

I looked up at him. Tears were rolling down both cheeks now.

Then I opened my mouth and with only 10 minutes left before my wedding, I slid Dave's big cock inside my mouth and began sucking.

Dave gasped. "God that feels good," he moaned. His cock fit perfectly into my mouth. I continued to stroke him with one lace hand as I slid his cock in and out of my mouth. With my other hand I played with his heavy balls.

"Get on your knees when you suck cock, you little slut," Dave whispered. Without missing a beat I slid off the chair onto my knees. That's when I really started to suck him hard and fast.

Dave groaned. "You are so... fucking... good at that," Dave said quietly. I popped his cock out of my mouth to look up at him, all the while maintaining a rhythmic stroking with my hand.

"Am I the best cock-sucker you've ever had?" I asked him breathlessly.

"Yes, you are the absolute best little cock-sucker in the world," he replied. My veil slipped down over my face and Dave grabbed it and pulled it back again. "Did you miss sucking me off?" he asked
