 "I heard a song driving over here," Goldie said. "You know that band 'The Eagles'?"

"Mhm." I wasn't really listening. I was watching her get undressed.

"It was about lying eyes and the cheating side of town." She ran in the bathroom to look in the mirror. "Do you think Brian can see it when he looks at me? Is that where we are?"

"I hate to think of it that way," I said.

"But that's what we're doing, isn't it? You're married, and I have a boyfriend. Plus, you're twice my age."

"Why does that bother you tonight? We've been doing this for over two years."

"I don't know, Alex," she said, kneeling in front of me to take off my pants.

**

Goldie and I met when I built the pool house at her parent's place the summer she graduated from high school. The only thing she was doing that summer before college was working on her tan.

I was sitting with her parents, Ron and Marsha, on the deck near their pool, explaining my plans for the project. They were facing the area where the building would go, and I was facing them, which meant toward the house. Goldie was outside with us earlier, but she went in to get ready to go to her high school graduation practice.

"Mom!" she yelled from the house. "I'm out of panties."

I looked up to see her standing in the doorway wearing a towel, or more like, holding it carelessly against her. I could almost see her pussy, and her nipples were almost exposed. She looked at me and smiled.

Her parents didn't turn around, but Marsha called back to her, "You could help out around here a little, you know. It's a lot doing laundry for three ADULTS!"

"All I have left is thongs, and you won't let me wear them to school," Goldie said. "Maybe I'll just go commando." She winked at me and lifted her towel slightly, allowing me to see the smooth skin of her shaved pussy.

"No you won't, young lady! Borrow something of mine. My ass is the same size as yours."

It was. I had been admiring it every chance I got. It was perfect above her sexy legs. The front of this woman? The challenge was to look at anything besides her tits. Today, they were proudly displayed in a skin-tight crop top. The only word that came to mind was "epic." They were very large and appeared quite firm. She wasn't wearing a bra, and amazingly at her age, didn't really need one for support. Apparently, she didn't care too much about modesty, because her silver-dollar areolas and juicy nipples were obvious.

Marsha was my age, probably ten years younger than her husband, and she was fit, trim, and still in her prime. The only thing on her that looked juicier than her nipples were the fat lips of her pussy, prominent in her "Daisy Duke" cut-off blue jean shorts. Except for the dark hair, Mrs. Cameron looked the way I imagined her daughter would in twenty years. In other words, porn-star hot. If I weren't married,...

"Fine," Goldie said. She smirked at me, dropped her towel, and disappeared into the house.

I got the job and began work. Often, no one was home, but occasionally, mother and daughter would swim or sunbathe. Their bikinis would have been modest on women with bodies that didn't look so damn good. Sometimes they would "accidentally" flash me when they tanned or forget to pull the curtains in their rooms when they changed clothes. But, when I had other guys working with me, Marsha and Goldie never appeared. 

Work progressed well. I was finishing the roof. From my ladder, I saw Mr. and Mrs. Cameron drive away. Soon afterward, Goldie came outside with some towels, and jumped in the pool. She swam for a while, and then got out and dried off.

"Alex?" she called to me from her lounge chair on the deck.

"Yeah?" I was nailing shingles on the side of the roof away from her.

"I'm going to work on getting rid of my tan lines. Will that bother you?"

I thought, "Bother me? Hell no!" Trying to be a gentleman, and hoping to get paid for the job, I asked, "Won't your parents mind?"

"They're not home. They left to play golf, and they're eating dinner at the clubhouse. It's Tuesday, remember?"

"Oh, right"

When I stopped to re-load my nail-gun, she called to me again. "Want some iced tea?"

"Sure! As soon as I finish this section."

"I'll go make a pitcher. I'll only be a minute," she yelled. I leaned dangerously far on my ladder to watch her go inside. She didn't get dressed. I got a brief look at her walking through the patio door, suntan oil glistening on her cute ass.

I managed to avoid nailing my hand to the roof and continued with the section I was working on. Soon, I heard her yell, "The tea is ready!"

"I'll be down in a minute," I hollered.

She hadn't been able to see me the entire time, which meant that she probably thought I hadn't seen her. To make sure she had time to cover up properly, I called, "I'm coming down now."

I was wiping the sweat from my face with my shirt as I walked around the side of the pool house. I almost knocked her over, and got a good handful of ripe teenage tit trying to avoid the collision.

"Oh!" she squealed. "Hi!"

"I'm so sorry, Goldie," I stammered, pulling my hand from her nude body like it had been burned. She did look that hot.

"Don't be. You just startled me. I wanted to see what was taking you so long," she giggled.

"Shouldn't you put something on?" I asked, trying not to stare at her. Her breasts looked every bit as nice as they felt from that one brief grab, and the lotion she had slathered on herself made her bare mound shine in the sunlight.

"Do you want me to? Does nudity bother you?"

"No, no, it's not that at all."

"What is it, then?" she asked, shielding her eyes from the sun with her hand, which raised her breast for my inspection. "Don't you like the way I look?"

"I shouldn't answer that."

"Why not?"

"If I say one thing, you'll be mad at me, and if I say the other, your father will fire me and get someone else to finish the job. I need the money."

"I know you do. You work hard, and you're worth far more than you make. I've seen your finished work at friends' houses. You remember the Robinsons? You built an addition on their house last year."

"Oh yeah. They seemed pretty happy with the way the project turned out." I said.

"They're thrilled. They're best friends with my folks, and their daughter Annie is a good friend of mine. Come on, let's go get some tea," she replied, turning to walk back to the deck, still buck naked, as though that was normal in front of a man working at her house.

"The Robinsons said something else about you," Goldie said as she sat spread-legged on her lounge chair to sip her tea. Droplets of condensation from her cold glass traveled slowly down her body.

"What was that?" I made myself say while looking at her pretty face. Her eyes had a definite greyish cast in the strong sunlight.

"They said you were a perfect gentleman, even when you caught Annie sunbathing topless."

"Um, well, when you're around someone's home for a while, sometimes they tend to forget you're there,..."

"They said you covered your eyes and turned away to apologize. I wonder why you're looking at me now the way you are," she said, rubbing the cold glass over her nipples. They looked fabulous as they hardened.

"I shouldn't be," I said, but I couldn't tear my eyes off one large droplet of water that was ready to join the others in her navel. I wanted to watch it overflow, and drizzle down between her smooth lips.

"I don't mind," Goldie said. "I watch you every day, in your cut-off jeans that hug your ass just right, and your tight t-shirts that you usually take off before your morning break. I watch those sweaty muscles of yours all day. I see one flexing now." 

It was. This girl was, to be blunt, fucking hot as hell. "I'm married," I said. "You're barely legal."

"As far as you being married is concerned, I don't care. I don't want you for a boyfriend. I have one of those. I want you as a fuck-toy, and I'll be one for you. I'll be nineteen in less than six months."

"Goldie, I don't want to cheat on my wife." I was almost hard enough to stick out of the leg opening of my old denim shorts.

"To me, cheating is becoming emotionally attached to someone other than my boyfriend, Brian. But he's not here now, and I happen to know that your wife isn't waiting at home for you. She works at the country club where my parents are. She's their favorite server." Sliding her hand up the inside of my thigh, she said, "You won't have anywhere to put this for hours unless I do something about it."

"You shouldn't ...." I began.

"Wait?" she interrupted, reaching up to grasp me. "I didn't plan to. But you're all hot and sweaty." She pulled me to my feet and yanked down my shorts. I never wear underwear, so a thin string of pre-cum sparkled in the sunlight for a second when I bounced free.

"Oh." That's all she said. She got up and walked around the pool to the diving board. I watched her go, my cock following her movements with even more interest than my eyes. "Why don't you get in the water with me and cool off?" she called, just before she dove in.

I waded down the steps and stood in the shallow end, my erection just under the surface.

"Come get me, Alex," she said when she surfaced. "I want you."

I've always been able to swim faster underwater, and with the running I do, my breathing is pretty good. Still, when I saw her bald pussy in the water as she clung to the side, I wished I had been able to whistle. I swam to the wall and surfaced next to her, but not too close. I wanted to be damn sure she was asking what I thought she was asking.

"What do you want, Goldie?"

"Your cock. I want you to fuck me."

"I'm married and twice your age."

"She's not here, I'm not going to tell her, you're not going to tell her, and as far as your age is concerned, that's part of the appeal. I've had boys, Alex. The guy I'm with right now isn't my first. But I've never had a man, so I want you to fuck me."

We hauled ourselves out of the water, and I followed her to her chair. She handed me a towel, and we dried ourselves off in silence. I picked up my shorts to put them on.

"No," she said. "Don't. I want to get a shower to get the chlorine and suntan lotion off me, and I want you to shower with me. I've never done that, but I'll bet it's pretty cool."

We walked into the house carrying our clothes and towels. She led me upstairs, and I stayed back a few steps so I could admire her ass. Hard? Yeah. Harder than I had been in years for my wife. By this time, Goldie had been gloriously naked in front of me for a while, and yet every move she made excited me more.

In her bathroom, she got me a towel and then turned on the water in the tub. To adjust the temperature, she bent, knees locked, allowing me to see her tiny pucker above her juicy lips. That did it. To hell with my frigid wife. It's not like I was getting pussy from her. I was going to fuck the hell out of this girl. If I did a good enough job, maybe she'd let me do it again.

She got in the shower and quickly wet her long blond hair and sun-ripened body. Then she moved to the back to give me space. I slid the door shut behind me and stood under the spray, watching her large young breasts bounce and move as she lathered her hair.

"Switch ends? I want to rinse this out so I can put in my conditioner," Goldie said. "Can you guide me? I have shampoo in my eyes." As I helped her move past me, my erection dragged along her belly.

"Was that what I think it was?" Goldie asked from under the shower-head.

"Uh huh."

"I want that inside me," she said.

"First, I'm going to wash you."

She turned to look at me, and her eyes went straight to my cock. "What do you mean?"

I picked up her bath sponge and a bottle of French vanilla shower gel. "I'm going to wash you. You said you wanted to shower with me. When I shower with a woman, we wash each other."

"Okay," she said in a very soft voice.

I started with her face. Squeezing as much water out of the sponge as I could, I gently lathered her. Her nipples were against my chest as I worked, and my cock would occasionally rub her belly. Satisfied with the job I had done, I had her turn around and rinse.

"I feel your dick on my ass," she said.

"Uh huh."

"It's really hard."

I moved so my erection dragged back and forth over her ass cheeks. "Do you want it?"

"Yes."

"Not yet. Let's finish getting cleaned up." I smacked her firm ass with my dick a few times, and then turned her to face me. "Have you ever been fucked hard?"

"You mean rough? I don't want you to hurt me."

"I'm not going to hurt you, just wear you out." With my one hand, I fondled her nipple, and with the other, I rubbed lightly over her wet cleft.

"What are you going to do to me?" she gasped, plunging her tongue into my mouth.

"What would you like me to do?" I answered, my thumb pressing on her clit as I probed her with a finger.

"Everything," she moaned. Her hand closed around my shaft.

"Wash first," I said. I moved away from her, and watched her eyes follow my cock as I lathered up her sponge. "Behave, young lady. Stand there and enjoy getting clean."

"Okay," she whispered.

I started with her neck and throat, gently rubbing the sweet smelling foam into her skin. Then I washed her arms. I could feel the tension in her fingers as I washed them. "Relax."

"It's hard to relax. That feels so good."

"It's supposed to." I raised her hands over her head, and she held them there so I could wash her underarms. This elevated her breasts, making them seem even larger. I could feel myself leak.

She saw it. "Alex? Can we fuck right here?"

"Maybe." I dribbled some shower gel onto her breasts, and began kneading them with my hands.

"I'm not sure I can wait till we dry off," she breathed, pulling me in for more passionate kissing.

When I had washed her belly and sides, I knelt in front of her. "Hold my shoulder," I said, picking up her foot to wash it with her sponge. By the time I was done with the other foot, I could smell her moisture clearly.

I discarded the sponge, and squirted a few strings of shower gel on her lower belly and hips.

"Oh God," she said, as a trail of the creamy white gel oozed over her lips.

With my hands, I worked the lather into the fronts of her thighs, down both knees, and onto her shins, then around the back, lathering her calves, thighs, and buttocks. "Spread your legs."

"Alex!" she gasped as I massaged the creamy white foam into her creases.

Her first orgasm came as I was soaping the tender flesh around her clit. When she finished, I stood and turned her to face away from me so I could wash her back.

After combing her wet hair forward over her magnificent chest, I massaged her sweet-smelling soap into her shoulders and worked on her back with long strokes, kneading the skin with my soapy fingers. Finally, I cupped her firm ass in my hands. "Bend over."

She did. I played my fingers over her tight little anus.

"What are you doing?" she whispered.

"Cleaning you." My little finger teased her puckered hole.

"You can't do that."

"Yes I can. Relax." Teasing in circles around her anus, I slowly worked just the tip of my little finger inside her.

"That feels weird."

"Good weird, or bad weird?" I asked, massaging her ass gently.

"Good weird," she sighed.

I turned her around to face me, and pushed my middle finger into the tight heat where my little finger had been. This time, I could feel her relax to admit me, and I slowly advanced to the hilt. Then I pulled her womanhood to my face.

"Oh my God," she breathed when my tongue first grazed her.

I could smell her need and taste her warmth. "You like oral sex?" I asked, licking her lightly again.

"Giving it," she gasped. "I've never gotten it before."

"I'll show you why women like it," I said, pressing softly against her lips with my tongue. I took gentle, teasing licks at her, with the most pressure applied at the top, over her clit. My finger stroked slowly in and out of her ass.

"Put your finger in my pussy, please," she moaned.

"I'm going to put more than that in your pussy, girl," I said. I lifted her one leg and draped it over my shoulder, and then pulled her apart with my fingers to dig as far inside her as my tongue could reach.

"Oh shit!" she squealed, and she grabbed my head and began humping my face. My thumb worked on her swollen clit as I tongue-fucked her. "Shit! Oh, God!" she wailed as I tasted her orgasm. This one was long, heartfelt, and juicy, and it left her trembling.

Standing up, I pulled her to me, crushing my cock against her belly and her tits against my chest. I held her for a moment until she started to calm down, and then I started in again. "Ready for more?" I asked before crushing my mouth to hers.

"No one's ever made me feel this way," she breathed.

I bent down to suck her left nipple into my mouth, sliding my hands down her body to cup her firm bubble-butt in one hand and her sex in the other. Releasing her tit, I said, "Now I'll put my finger in your pussy."

She moaned as I pushed my middle finger slowly into her vagina, and she grabbed my cock and began stroking it. "I really want you to fuck me now, please, Alex!"

"I'm not sure you're ready. Besides, we still need to wash me." I worked my index finger inside her, and sucked her right nipple hard into my mouth. Probing and stroking her wetness, I found her magic patch of ribbed tissue, and began my massage. My thumb played on her clit as I nibbled on her breast.

This time, she had an orgasm the likes of which I'm not sure I had ever seen. She began trembling, moaning, stammering some sort of gibberish, and then screaming as each pulse of her cum bathed my wrist. She was still leaking when I pulled my fingers out of her and hugged her to me to hold her up. Eventually her breathing returned to more-or-less normal.

"I don't know if I'll live through another one of those," she sighed. "What did you do to me?"

"I made you squirt," I said. "That's never happened to you before, has it?"

"Hell, no!" she exclaimed. "I mean, I knew it was an orgasm, but it wasn't like any I ever felt. It just kept growing and growing till I knew it was going to be huge. When it came, it was like I couldn't stop. I've cum from being fingered before, but nothing like that! Now I know I want you to fuck me!"

"Wash me first," I said.

She squirted shower gel all over me and began lathering my torso. When she got to my cock, she held it, almost reverently, in her soapy hands. "I think this is the biggest I've seen close-up. Thickest, for sure." She began stroking it, lathering it with one hand, and washing my ball sack and taint with the other.

She was good with her hands. Good enough that I knew she could easily bring me off this way. "Baby, I think you should wash my back now."

"All right," she said, holding my shaft for a moment while she kissed me.

I turned toward the spray, and she lathered my back, ass, feet, and legs. Turning to face her again, I found her stroking her pussy.

"Do you like blow-jobs?"

"I haven't had one in quite a while."

She knelt in front of me and began rubbing my cock on her face. "Maybe I can make up for a little of that."

It had been ages since I had gotten much of anything from my wife. Even when we were younger, she never took her time with it, like this girl did. Goldie started by licking me slowly, working her tongue in zig-zag patterns up and down my shaft, coating all of me with her spit. Then she began to suck on just the head, slowly stroking the rest of me with a firm grip.

When she finally opened her mouth and took me inside, I wondered if this would be the first time I would cum from a blow-job. Before I got married, I played the field for a number of years and dated some girls who really seemed to like giving head. It felt great, but all it ever did was get me in the mood for some intense fucking.
