 Turning down the hall, the only thought possible in his head: "A red dress, a whispered hello, a phantom kiss", he must find her. He only caught a glimpse and yet that glimpse nearly stopped his heart. He had to reach her. Out the door and into the lot he moaned as he stumbled onto a huge embolus of human beings.

Sharp eyes sliced through the crowd to see her prey: a tall man with impeccable fashion sense and a superb set of legs. The attack was planned, only brief moments of vision would be available. A set of eyes, a word or two, and he would follow her to the darkest locale. Behind him, from about twenty feet, her ankles shivered with anticipation; could she hold up with this one?

He could feel it, it wasn't visible, but she was here. There was a whiff in the air, the smell a trail of breadcrumbs telling him the way to ecstasy. Farther and farther he drifted into pleasure until he twirled around and caught the backside of her red dress, her back exposed and in motion. The crowd swelled and absorbed her frame. He pressed on.

Moving deeper and deeper, his track followed the trail of scent, the trail of expectation. He moved like a deliberate beast, tracking his prey and keeping his mind attuned to the task at hand; reaching the woman. The words she gave to him jarred a memory, of a friend, of someone he might know? This could not be right, who could this be, and how could this woman standing before him believe that now is the right time.

The revelry of the crowd served as an echo chamber inside his head. He could not hear the clatter of her womanly shoes on the brick, his ears refused to register the whining moan of conversation that changed its symphony as he pitched his head to give chase. The only sounds he heard were those of his internal dialogue, the sound of blown kisses and the huff and puff of his breath; maybe it was a taunt, or even better, it could be a premonition?

His movement kept up with her: impressive. More so was his grace and tact; he was able to sustain chase with no displaced people, and each onlooker took the chase for revelry. Soon the crowd thinned out; the plaza emptied into a park. There she would wait, against a tree, leading him inside away from everyone. The night would be their shield and their modesty. The trees would be a captive audience to the show of two. 

At the edge of the crowd, she began the rush to the trees. Her distance ahead of her quarry was just enough to afford her enough of an advantage to reach the grove first. Her placement was concealed among the many trees; her body hidden by large tree trunks. A peek could afford her the opportunity to see his searching eyes; it also would give him the smallest piece of skin to locate her by. Each time she spied, she saw his eyes in a direction far from hers. She wore a broad smile until she heard him begin to speak, after the word he spoke, she froze. In many emotions she froze: surprise, fear, embarrassment, desire, longing, and maybe insanity.

"Susan? Is it you?" A turn to the left revealed a single blue eye and a pale face between dark night and grey bark. A single piercing stare issued to his center, tracking him. He approached cautiously, he moved gently into each step; his rhythm became prolonged into a deep forward thrust.

"Why have you led me out here, why wouldn't you let me speak to you or recognize your face back in the club?" She disappeared behind the trunk and began a slow orbit between it and her object. "What makes you act so strangely? I cannot say that I mind this affection; in fact I have been reveling in it. This is just strange; I never thought you might act on any feelings between us."

His words reached her ears like a prayer to God: each received with complete acceptance. She led him out to prove his intentions. She wanted to root out an uncaring individual who sought pleasure; testing his resolve proved worthwhile. Hearing his correct deduction brought a silent tear to her eye. The boiling inside her was satisfied. Her stealthy feet brought her to bear directly behind her pleading object as he plead to discover more.

She had for so long wanted to journey out with him, he had been her friend through so much, and he had made his desires known. However, her nature had advised her against exposing this man to too much of her being. Her chronic fear was that he might decide against accepting her. The fire contained within her beating heart could burn him, she constantly feared.

An act of conscious will: she removed the wig that had concealed her long flowing hair. Dropping it to the ground without a signal, she stole ahead to his position until she could almost touch him. Her little ninja feet brought her body closer to his clothes, closer to the wash off his skin. The plume of his scent intoxicated her little mind and she breathed deeply, closing her contented eyes.

The little rustling of breathing passages stirred his mind into the realization that Susan, his confidant was behind him. He too, breathed deeply and waited. Suddenly he put his arms up to his shoulders, and plucked her hands out of the air. He brought them forward to force her torso against his. Her hands crept up to his mouth, and he ravaged the index finger off of her right hand inside his lips before he crept his kisses up to her elbows. Sweet sounds bounced in his ears, testifying to his power over her at this moment. He took this opportunity to spin around his prize and deliver intoxicating kisses that made the ground shiver beneath their feet. 

At this moment, twin tongues locked into tender wrestle while she contemplated the mechanics of what was to come. Not far from their location was a table. There a sensual buffet could be set out, and both could enjoy the plentiful bounty. In a brief detour, she brought her lips down to brush over his taut neck, to tease him from chin to Adam's apple and then to his collarbone. Taking his hand in hers, she drug his expectant body to the clearing where a picnic table played host to so many wholesome picnics.

Before she could let out a cutsie little quip about lunch meat and summer sausage, she was speedily sprawled out on the table with her legs in the air and her back on the wood. He had her underwear (what little there was) firmly gripped in his teeth. Her moistened pussy was suffering exposure, as he donned his fleshy mask to commence the rescue operation that would haul her up the mountain of sinful pleasure. Firm, sucking kisses blessed the nook of her inner thighs dangerously close to her outer labia. Next, he greedily lapped up the spilling juices glistening her apparatus while replacing them with that of his own saliva, which secreted from his mouth several degrees warmer than her own body fluid. With light tongue strokes, he coaxed her glans into appearance and relentlessly attempted to completely inhale it. Working his entire tongue over her without rest, only regular breaks to take in the fluid dripping forth from her pussy, he sucked and licked to the beautiful accompaniment of impassioned moans.

She thought gleeful as, with each replenishment, he sought at her vagina, she pridefully enjoyed the pause he took after he drank deeply the intoxicating pleasure her fluid brought his mind. His lingual examination of crevices brought bucks to her pelvis, moans to the clear midnight sky, further pushing to the edge of orgasm, as well as a deeper burning inside her vagina. Her skin burned like the sun, and before his selfless face could tire, legs clamed around his neck and pushed his chin deeper between her labia while his tongue flickered stronger. She was just at the brink of orgasm, then teetering at it, languishing in the lingual laborings between her loving labia, then crashing into pulsing orgasm. 

His chin felt the rush of fluid that signaled his job had been completed. He lapped up the rest then brought himself to level his face with her. With clear unwavering eyes, he licked the front of his dripping chin with his tongue and licked each caring finger dry of her juices. A giant grin developed across his face as he bent closer to her. Pushing her hair aside, she leaned into his face, and wrapped her legs around his pelvis, conveniently positioned. Her crazed passion caused her to quickly open his shirt, button by button. His face only grew bolder as she revealed more of his chest. In sharp contrast to her disrobing procedure, she drew her tongue softly over his tense, darting between nipples, like a loving paleontologist displacing layers of dirt off of a fossilized skeleton.

A glance upward said "I want you in my mouth". An amazed eyebrow lift sent a message of compliance as the two players changed position. Strong gravity seemed to pull his engorged cock into her mouth. She couldn't believe the size of what she was handling, and she hoped the destructive payload it contained would be devastating enough to fill her morgue with dead little sailors. Her lips stretched magnificently around his throbbing head, taking in more and more of his dick with each bob of the head. She couldn't decide whether or not she should get him off and then swallow his cum yet. The thought of it tempted her into working faster and faster. She wanted this, she needed this, she was overjoyed that this quarry she had fretted over for so long was finally inside her clutches.

As he moved closer and closer into her mouth, he gripped the edge of the wooden table with more and more force, trying to place an imprint into the grain that would certainly puzzle the next group of friendly picnickers. He felt the wet spot on the wood that contained a mixture of drool and cunt drippings, he gloated at the thought that the same future picnickers would discover an equally unexplainable stain on the edge of the table from the load he would discharge later.

"Dear God Susan, Why didn't you just ask, my heart has been aching for you for so long ….. you could have had me sooner …."

"I needed to be sure you truly wanted me. You wouldn't believe how many hot showers I have taken thinking of how your strong hands could push me further up on your swollen cock." Her caring hands made sure not to expose her darling's tool to the hostile nighttime temperatures. She was just about to travel down for another oral serving when he ripped her face away from his crotch, and spun the two around to quickly remove her dress over her head. 

Breaths quickened as she realized his intentions: he bent her over the table and positioned his moistened cock for stiff penetration. With a single bound, he stole inside and proceeded to thrust against the pleading screams of a pleasured woman. 

Deeper and deeper, he moved forward, attempting to stretch her to the maximum allowance, he stroked forward with larger and larger insistence. Finally, her screams reached a volume that issued a Dante-esque warning to all who approached, however the two cared little as progress was being made. She screamed for more, more pleasure, more flesh, and more kissing. Soon her wish was granted.

Turning around on the table, she lay back on its surface, and bid him come up. He leapt like a jaguar and worked his way into the shrine she had cleared for his pilgrim worshipper. He thrust his wang, slippery with all sorts of delightful juices into her pleasurable space, feeling her ingratiated bands of muscle constrict tighter and tighter around their large guest. 

Again, the moaning chorus kicked up, skin ceased to slap and instead, full contact was made while one pubic crest pushed onto the other. Pleasures mutually reached a boil, then her cervix began its quiver in the throws of orgasm. He pushed on, forcibly cramming his slickened cock home into her pleasure hole. Crashing into more and more orgasms, she couldn't take it anymore.

" I WANT YOUR CUM INSIDE ME!" That scream dislodged birds for at least 30 yards. She shifted herself around, turning around and squatting on her knees, placing her ass towards his crotch. Before he could act, she took his cock in hand, and rammed it into her pussy. Now he had complete control over his play and sought to bring himself to orgasm as quickly as possible. More and more he bounced with her ass, gripping her ass like handles and feeling her muscles constrict around his cock. Faster and faster he moved until he buried his dick deep within her and forced wave after wave of semen to fill her up.

She screamed with each release as she buried her head in the back of her hands. She felt more alive full of his cum than she had ever felt before. When he was done, and had removed his cock completely, they rolled over to gaze up at the clear sky. Keeping close, they could feel the glow radiating off each other as they enjoyed wonderful nothings whispered between each other and sweet revelations.

They departed, her with her dress hastily put on, and with hot cum cooling as it fell down her leg, and he with a large hand down over her ass. They made their way out of the grove, into the beating throng of people, with mysterious puddles on the table. They went back to the club where she shot him the first glance; his hair was slightly ruffled, hers was down and flowing. As they danced among the others, a slight trickle fell down her leg, reminding her and enticing both to further enjoyment. 

Dancing continued until a late hour, the two left in a daze that only lifted with hard fucking. After proper sex on a soft bed, the two collapsed in a heap, and slept in the greatest slumber ever enjoyed, hopeful for a wonderful morning snack.