 Emma entered the café. She was a bit apprehensive – what would he be like? Why had she even agreed to this? She glanced down at her chosen outfit – a short denim skirt that showed off her tanned and toned smooth legs. She had chosen to wear her high heels to emphasise her legs, although her thin top clung to the shape of her pert breasts meaning most guys wouldn't know where to look first. She was glad that she had grabbed her jacket as she left home as the top had big gaps at the sides. It was what she called her 'sideboob top' which was part of the treat for her visitor.

 She thought of her fiancé – and the impending wedding. Was that why she was here – some sort of final fling before the deed was done? Was she seeking assurance that her chosen life partner was the one?

 She cast her mind back to when she wandered into that internet chat room a few months ago. Just looking for fun she told herself, and now she was here at this café to meet a total stranger who she only knew by snippets of his life through the chat room and some pictures – mostly of his cock! She giggled to herself that the only way she might recognise him was if his cock was on the table in front of him laid out like a prime sausage on a butchers slab.

 Across the café a guy sat facing the door. She walked across the shiny tiled floor letting her breasts jiggle as she walked. The guy rose out of his seat as she walked across the floor and she realised this must be him. Several guys in the café looked up, attracted to her slim body, raven hair and a skirt so short it only just covered the cheeks of her ass. As she approached the guy she saw he had brown hair, was quite tall, about 6 feet she thought and a huge smile. He pulled out the leatherette covered chair and beckoned her to sit down so that she faced towards the corner.

 'Thank you for coming' he said. 'It's great to see the real you – and you look amazing! Your pictures do not do you justice'. 

 'Why thank you – you are quite a gent. I didn't know what to expect today. I haven't seen your face only.... your cock' she whispered. It had been a lot easier chatting naughtily to a stranger online than talking face to face.

 Guessing she might need something to make her more at ease Matt had bought a bottle of wine and 2 shots.

 'Here' he said passing the small shot glass across the table. 'Ready – down in one!'

They both drained the glass. Emma stifled a cough –'Wow that's strong, are you trying to get me drunk?'

'Its Schnapps – and yes!'

 She felt it warming as it ran down her throat – and as they chatted she started to feel more at ease.

Matt opened the wine bottle and poured a large glass twisting the bottle as he finished stopping any drips.

'Professional' said Emma.

'Well I do like a glass or two. You know what happens if I drink too much'

 Emma smiled at the recollection of Matt's holiday story. Sat in front of her he looked so steady. Almost too steady – like an accountant or Civil Servant, but his chat room stories portrayed a wild side that intrigued her. In fact that was mainly why she was here.

They chatted about their day, the café premises, in fact normal chit chat that two old friends might discuss. Matt was easy to talk to, and easy on the eye although not like a clothes model or media type – just approachable. Emma leaned back in her chair. She felt at ease, and attracted to her new friend. She glanced at her top and noticed her nipples were quite erect although it wasn't at all cold in the café.

 It was now well after lunchtime and the café was fairly empty when Matt got two more shots at the bar.

 'You love your shots!'

'This one is Austrian. Why it's for sale in Wigan I don't know as it is supposed to help you ski!'

'How can it help you ski?'

'Well, ski-ing is partly skill, but partly overcoming your fear of something new – like ski-ing headlong down a new run – so they sell it in the mountain top cafes'

'You ski?'

'Not recently – but just in case you ever go I will show you the exercise to strengthen your thigh muscles'.

 Matt got out of his seat, flashed a wicked smile at her and made the shape of a chair against the wall – his back flat to the wall and his thighs and lower legs at right angles to each other which tensed his calf and thigh muscles. Emma pursed her lips as she was sure she could see a hardening cock down the leg of one side of the trousers.

Matt sat down.

 'That's impressive – but tell me – are you excited to see me?' said Emma.

'Yes babe!' said Matt, knowing his exercise did reveal his excitement at seeing her. After all, who needs to know how to ski in Wigan – it was all about giving her a glimpse of his cock!

 'As you know, I am here for my treat, my prize for writing you an erotic story. I hope you are wearing my favourite top'

'I did babe, and no bra either' Emma murmured, and pulled her jacket slightly aside to reveal the 'sideboob' top. Feeling frisky she slid one edge in a little revealing the perfect curve of her breast, but not the nipple, although with the drinks taking effect she did feel like flashing her perfect boobs at her café buddy.

 'Perfect', just perfect' said Matt, pouring another glass of wine and then chinking Emma's glass in a kind of salute to her gorgeousness.

 Emma then felt a leg rub up hers under the table. Just a little at first, but then up to her knee and as far along her thigh as Matt could reach.

'You are braless, but are you knickerless as well?' whispered Matt.

'Wouldn't you like to know!' came the reply and Emma leant back in her seat with her legs slightly parted making the small skirt ride up a little. She closed and widened her legs a few times making the tiny skirt ride up further. She felt in control, and empowered by the drinks she didn't care if anyone could see.

 'Go and get me a coffee – but take a close look as you walk past me'

Matt stood up, and as soon as he did he saw Emma's skirt was effectively redundant – and her totally bald pussy was on view.

 'OMG' he whispered, 'stunning'. He walked towards the bar but his right arm brushed across Emma's front as he did so, briefly taking in a firm nipple nudging its way through the clingy cloth of her top.

 With a steaming coffee in his hand he came back to the table, but Emma was fixated by his totally hard cock jutting out at a right angle and causing a big bulge to his trousers.

'You are excited to see me!' said Emma, somewhat delighted that just a glimpse of flesh was enough to turn Matt on so much. She felt empowered by her effect on Matt, so as he sat down she pulled the clingy top inwards giving a full view of her gorgeous large nipples, with the dark areola topped with an erect nipple almost as big as the end of her little finger. Matt immediately reached across the table and caressed the erect left nipple with the back of his hand letting his four fingers rub across the nipple before gently rolling it between his thumb and finger.

Emma felt like she needed to squirm in the seat. She was feeling that first thrilling wave that was a prelude to an orgasm. She felt naughty, like she did when she first got it on with that guy at school. But rather than the unsure schoolgirl, she was experienced in what she needed and right now she needed a cock.

 Matt dropped her coffee spoon off the edge of the table. The handful of customers turned to look where the jangly clatter had come from but could only see Emma's back and her jacket. Their eyes went back to their teas and newspapers, but Matt was now under the table supposedly looking for the spoon. In a second his head appeared between Emma's thighs and he playfully leant in to try and lick her soaking pussy.

 'Stop – you'll, we'll be seen'

 He didn't stop, instead buying his head deep between her legs, licking and playing with her swollen clit with his expert tongue. Likewise this was no schoolboy, this was a guy who knew what buttons to press to excite his lady friends – and he was certainly pressing them in the right order.

 Emma felt another shudder, the one that pre-empted an orgasm.

'Not here, not right now!' she whispered unconvincingly, still wanting the darting tongue to continue exploring her. Matt stopped, retrieved the spoon and sat down.

'You devil, what if I lost control and ended up squirting?'

'That's what I want!' came the reply.

That's what Emma really wanted too, so she thought about how far she would let this casual meeting go – and where they should go to next.

'This was supposed to be your prize' said Emma. 'A drink and a bit of flirting, plus a quick glimpse of my boobs as your treat'.

'I didn't think I would be saying this – but let's go back to my house! Get a taxi ordered – here use this number' said Emma producing a card from her jacket but also making the jacket move again showing another glimpse of her curvy pert breasts.

'I am trying to think down my erection' said Matt 'so I can leave the café!'

Emma giggled and pulled her top inwards again revealing her boobs in all their sexy glory.

 'I am not letting you leave here deflated!'

'In that case I will need to cover up my erection by borrowing your jacket!'

Emma hadn't thought of that possibility, and the thought of walking out of the café, just wearing the sideboob top was very daring.

'OK – but only until we are outside'

 The café owner called out 'Taxi for Miss H'. They both rose out of the chairs. Emma passed over her black jacket and arranged her top as decently as it could be. Matt hung the jacket on his erection like a coat hook momentarily to show how hard Emma was making him feel, but then carried it in front of him as they walked past the straggle of customers.

Emma walked in front, deliberately wiggling her bum as she walked. In a moment they were outside and the fresh air coupled with a bit too much booze made Emma wobble slightly.

 'Here, have your jacket back, you need it, but stand in front of me'

Emma slipped the jacket back over her shoulders and then stood in front of Matt – but kept edging back. She pushed her cute bum back until she felt Matt's hard cock nudge her. Then she wiggled her hips to playfully rub his cock side to side. 'That feels amazing' whispered Matt in her ear. 'But let's save it until you are home'.

 'Miss Hughes?' said a taxi driver. 'Yes' she replied. 'Your taxi awaits Ma'am'

 They clambered into the back both feeling very merry as though they had just spent a night on the town rather than a brief lunchtime liaison.

'Haven't I seen you before?' said the taxi driver. 'You're the bird with no money for the fare the other week!' Emma looked a bit flustered at the driver's recollection. Matt looked at her bemused.

'I thought that only happened in your role play' he whispered.

Emma grinned back. 'Watch this' she said

She pulled the top inwards revealing her gorgeous boobs towards the front of the car.

'How much discount for these?'

'Wow, babe – you have just made my day – again!' said the taxi driver adding, 'You're a lucky guy' 

'Too right – she is gorgeous!' said Matt.

 Within a handful of minutes they arrived outside a modern block of flats.

'Here we are – no charge! – just promise me you will use my taxi next time you are out on the town'

The couple scrambled out of the car into the warm afternoon sunshine. Emma unlocked the main door and they headed for the lift. 

'I am on the top floor. The one with the best views in Wigan'

'I have got the best view right now' said Matt but Emma groaned at another cheesy pass. Somehow though his grin made it work as he was clearly making fun of himself in a very disarming way.

 The door slid shut. 'Going up' said the mechanical voice and Emma rubbed the bulge in Matt's trousers – 'It's going back up' she giggled.

Matt grabbed her by the waist, pulled her towards him and pulled her top inwards and sucked hungrily on her nipples. She moaned and pushed his hand towards her inner thigh. Needing no more encouragement Matt's hand slid up to the sweet mound of her pussy and he slipped his longest finger into her waiting wetness whilst moving his lips to her face and planting kisses around her.

Emma moaned further as his finger rubbed and encircled her swollen clitoris, soaking wet with expectation.

 The lift stopped with a jolt, making her boobs bounce and making Matt's finger thrust up. She gasped just as the doors opened revealing her neighbours standing outside! They must have heard. The pair quickly manoeuvred past the older couple before any awkward questions could be asked and Emma opened her apartment door revealing a plush home with a lounge with modern tasteful furniture, a black leather settee and amazing views through windows with glass that stretched down to the floor.

Emma walked to the window as though to take in the view casually throwing her black jacket on the settee. She stood in front of the full length glass, legs slightly apart and placed her hands on the glass at shoulder height. The sunlight lit up the curve of her breast which was mostly visible where her revealing top gaped open at the side. She looked like she was waiting for a policeman to frisk her, so Matt went to her and placed his hands on her waist and kissed the side of her neck. He reached in and cupped her full boobs, feeling the erect nipples between his fingers, teasing the firm dark skin. Emma murmured, dropped her arms, and pulled off her top. She turned around and her pert boobs were perfection.

 'I am your prize – now fuck me!'

 Matt kissed her neck, then he let his lips wander down to her nipples. He sucked them each in turn making Emma squirm with pleasure. His hands ran down the sides of her body reaching around to the back of her skirt and the zip. He slowly unzipped the denim letting Emma feel the zzzz of the zip building the anticipation of it dropping to the floor. It fell around her bare ankles and she neatly stepped nakedly out of the ring of blue.

 Matt dropped to his knees and kissed her flat toned belly. Emma murmured and her belly muscles flinched in anticipation of where Matt was going next. Matt planted a row of kisses down towards the sweet mound of her naked smooth pussy and then flicked his tongue out making Emma part her legs without asking. His tongue flicked around the swollen soaking clitoris, side to side, then upwards making Emma gasp at each upward action.

 He stood up, picked her naked body up in his arms and laid her on the leather settee. He then nearly ripped his shirt open and off in his haste to join her in nakedness, dropped his trousers revealing a pair of black boxers. He slowly slid the boxers down, slowly revealing his cock. Emma was biting her bottom lip in anticipation as Matt held his hard cock downwards with the waist band finally letting it spring fully to attention.

'N n nice!' Emma said. 'That's pretty big! – be careful!'

 Matt lowered himself onto the settee at the side of Emma and explored her clitoris with his finger whilst sucking hungrily on her boobs. She lay back eyes closed and breathing heavily.

Matt flicked and encircled the engorged head of her clit until she really started to writhe around and with a sudden 'Oh my God' she squirted hard at the arm of the settee. Matt moved his head down to her glistening pussy and licked hard, flicking his tongue in and out. He then closed in further and enclosed his lips around her clitoris sucking hard then again flicking it with his tongue. Emma's taut belly moved in and out in time with her short hard breaths then again she squirted wetting Matt's grinning face.

 Matt put his legs up on the settee so that his cock was near Emma's face and said 'Your turn babe!'

She needed no invitation and ran her tongue around the ridge at the head before enclosing her lips around it, sucking and licking the eye, then pumping it hard with her free hand. Her other hand grabbed her left boob and she played with her nipple, whilst Matt continued to lick and finger her wet pussy encircling her aroused clitoris.

Matt's cock was rock hard and being taken deeper and deeper into Emma's throat.

'I am loving my prize!' he tried to say but he was close to cumming and the words came out a bit stunted.

Emma released the cock from her mouth and shouted 'Fuck me right now!', and with that Matt turned around and climbed between her legs in a good old fashioned missionary style.

Emma gasped at each stroke. Matt grabbed her shoulders so he could thrust harder and with each pounding her breasts shook with the ferocity of the action. Emma could feel another wave of orgasm coming on but she didn't want to peak just yet.

'Doggy style, I love it doggy style!!' she said so Matt briefly withdrew letting Emma go on all fours on the shaggy rug in the middle of the room. He carefully entered her vagina from the rear and cupped her boobs with his free hand whilst holding her waist with the other. He started to pound harder his thick cock feeling the dark recesses of Emma whilst she started making almost animal like noises with 'Yes! Yes!!' interspersed with 'Fuck me harder!'

Matt needed no encouragement. This was the best sex in ages, and he was trying hard to make it last longer...!

He was just feeling like he was about to explode inside her when Emma shouted 'I want to be on top now!!'

 Matt lay on the hairy rug feeling the fibres on his bare back and taut arse. His erection jutted high in the air – about 9 inches or so and then Emma lowered her wide glistening wet pussy onto the head of his cock and started to ride him, up and down rhythmically whilst she put a finger on the edge of her clit touching Matt's cock and its hard veins as it thrust in and out.

 Matt reached up and felt her magnificent boobs, jiggling right in his line of vision, the hard nipples announcing to the world how much she was turned on and enjoying the moment.

'Oh God, Oh God' she shouted and then orgasmed with a shuddering squirt over Matt's cock and belly. She almost fell to the floor, gasping whilst rubbing herself still. It was a monumental orgasm and her body glistened with sweat due to the intensity of the experience. Matt's cock was wet and twitched ready to cum with just a few more pumps.

Perhaps she didn't want me to cum inside her thought Matt. But just as he was feeing slightly let down by not firing his load deep into Emma, she stood up, walked over to the full height window, and beckoned him to join her.

They stood face to face, Emma's body glowing and wet with the intensity of the coupling. Her boobs had a sheen emphasising their perfect shape. She grinned and dropped to her knees taking his cock in her mouth and sucking hungrily on it. She flicked the head with her tongue, she pumped the shaft hard with her hand and her expert lips sucked and squeezed the head.

 Matt half closed his eyes just taking in the feeling of an expert blow job – then he looked sideways out of the window. In the adjacent block he could see some people by the window looking their way!

'We are on view!' he exclaimed.

He couldn't move away – he didn't want this glorious feeling to end, but with a few more hand pumps he could feel the final moment arising when.... Emma momentarily took his cock out of her mouth and said 'I know! – you like exhibitionism!!'

Emma's lips immediately again wrapped around his throbbing shaft and with a few more sucks and pumps he fired his initial load. She took his cock out of her mouth and a second shot hit her cheek and her nose and then her raven hair.

She grinned showing a mouth of creamy semen then swallowed and said 'I think I have given you your prize now'.

She stood up, turned nakedly to the glass – and waved!

 'That was amazing' she said. 'It's as though the last few months online have been foreplay leading to this moment'

'But now its time to get you in the shower and on that train back... we can chat online later if you want'.
