 The Chef and the Writer (Lisa and Frank's Excellent Adventures)

So, I was invited to attend an Erotic Writer's Symposium. It was an honor, because some of the country's finest writers were there. I arrived at the Bohemian Absinthe Lounge in Center City, Philadelphia. It's a Whiskey bar with rooms upstairs for private parties, discussions about sex, lifestyles, erotic fiction, etc. I sat at the beautiful gleaming wooden bar and sipped my Cognac, as this Russian nurse chef tends to do. Writers gathered in the lounge as soft jazz music played. I took my seat and inhaled the scent of Gauloises. I listened as writers took the podium and recited some of their work. Some of the glamourous and beautiful women were sipping Absinthe. I was glancing around admiring their beauty when a muscular handsome man began to read his story. 

I focused on him, hearing his wonderfully masculine baritone voice. It dripped sex. He and I locked eyes and he read his erotic story directly to me. I began to feel my heart beating faster and my nipples got hard. Now, I have 42DD natural breasts so this was quite a sight to see LOL. I noticed men sneaking glances at me and smiling a little at my obvious arousal. I stared at the man, who identified himself as Frank. I could see he was a bit younger than me, but he had a stillness and a presence about him. He stepped to the side of the podium to ask if anyone had any questions and comments. To my astonishment, he had a raging hard-on! I could see every line of his cock and balls outlined by his tight pants. I gasped inwardly. Completely unconsciously, he absent-mindedly stroked his manhood through his pants as he fielded questions from the audience. Then I grinned and decided to play with him a little. 

I raised my hand. "Frank, is it?" I asked. He answered in the affirmative. "I'm Lisa. I would LOVE it if you would read my story to everyone." He nodded and handed out his hand for my paper. I gave him my Threesome story, which happens to be based on a real experience. 

He began slowly to read the words I had set before him. His voice changed in pitch and deepened even further to a sexy growl as he was verbalizing my experience. I was watching his face with fascination. I saw Lust. I saw admiration. I saw desire. And I felt desire. Desire to know him. Desire to have him inside of me. Immediately. His pants dampened right in front of me...and fifty other men and women. They were all wide-eyed as the witnessed the sparks and chemistry that was flowing between us. 

Then we were running. Holding hands and running. He swung me around and around in the streets of Philadelphia. And we were kissing...kissing deeply like we couldn't get enough. His hands were all over my giant titties and passers-by were staring. I had an instant orgasm as he expertly worked my fun-bags. I always cum from breast play if I'm really attracted to the man. My mind spun with the smell of him. I pulled him into my car, into the backseat and unzipped his pants. Took the entire turgid length of him in my wet, willing mouth. We had no cares. Just need. I needed to suck and inhale that giant cock. I was crazy for it. I was deep-throating that man muscle and trying to cram as much as I could into my mouth. Saliva was coming out of my mouth I was sucking him so avidly. 

He was moaning...and growling. "Fuck fuck fuck...OH MY GOD... ooooohhhhhh," he muttered as he brought my willing lips to his. He hitched up my skirt and smiled as he took in my shaved and beautiful cunt. He put my legs over his shoulders and DOVE into my pussy, lapping at my fragrant juices. His tongue was tickling my clit so perfectly and he was finger-banging my G spot. He peeled the lips back and was alternately sucking my hard clitoris and darting his hot tongue in and out of my pussy. I was loving it as he pointed his tongue and fucked my asshole with it. 

I pulled him on top of me and he gently began to rock that hot hard big cock against my opening. I demanded that he FUCK ME NOW! People were walking by the car but we didn't CARE! We just had to have each other. He started slow but once I felt that huge head I squirted all over him. He felt me gush against his balls and groaned. He was rubbing my clit and suckling my pancake nipples as he pumped in and out. And I was cumming...waves and waves...multiples...and grabbing his ass, screaming. With one last huge thrust of his giant pen, he blasted a hot load of cum that coated my walls. We were drenched in sweat and panting. 

Then we realized a Philly cop was shining his flashlight on his through the car window and we grinned conspiratorially at each other and called it a night. 

More to come...~sexynursechef~