 A trip to the local discount store isn't exactly one of my favorite things, but I had to be there. I was picking up provisions for tomorrow's second grade picnic ~ I was in charge of soda, ice, charcoal, and the like. It was warm out for early May and I was wearing denim shorts, a tee shirt, and a pair of orange flip flops. As I flipped through the aisles, I couldn't help but notice a man following me. I mean, I know it's pretty common to run into the same person while shopping, but I began to wonder if this one was on purpose.

I stole a look at him as I loaded bottle after bottle of soda into the cart. He was pretty cute, dark brown hair, about 5'6" with a trim build. He was clad in khaki shorts, a polo shirt, and flip flops, completely relaxed and at ease. He was pretending to study the different varieties of soda and didn't notice that I caught him checking out how my tee shirt lifted and exposed my lower back when I stood on tiptoe for the last bottle of root beer. He even grinned a little.

I turned away from him and smiled. A cute boy noticed me! How about that? 

I checked my watch. It was nearing ten a.m. and I still had lots to do before school ended for the day. I shook off the compliment and headed toward the check out. The lines were long for whatever reason and I stood there, mindlessly looking over the magazine rack when Mr. Cute pulled in behind me.

I glanced back at him, and he smiled at me. I turned away and thought "Oh my gosh!" Taking a deep breath, I noticed the checkout belt was clearing and my turn in line was next. I quickly began piling things up, occasionally dropping one or two item. Cute turned into Helpful then.

"Hey, let me grab that for you." He said, picking up a cucumber and handing it to me. His voice was a rich Southern drawl and I began to blush. 

"Oh gosh, thanks." I said, reaching over to take it from him. His fingertips brushed mine and I jerked back, knocking candy of the shelf. "Oh no!" I said, quickly turning and bumping magazines off the rack. I stood stock still and covered my face with my hands.

Helpful laughed. "Are you alright?" he said, his voice a soothing tone. 

"Just mortified is all." I said, my voice muffled by my hands. I lowered them and then, with his help, began clearing things up. We didn't speak a word, but I couldn't help notice his eyes peeking down my top. So I did what any girl would do. I leaned over further. 

"Thank you." I said as I straightened and walked down to being filling my cart with the items the checker had already bagged.

"My pleasure. You have a good day, now." Helpful said, smiling at me, his hazel eyes dancing. My stomach did a little flip at his grin and at the expression on his face. Suddenly, it was very warm in the store. I checked out and headed to the car. Only, when I got there, I noticed my husband had left his golf clubs in the trunk. With two car seats in the back seat, there was no way I would be able to get the cooler I had purchased home. What a mess. 

I stood there, contemplating what to do, when Helpful walked up behind me. "Everything alright?" he asked, standing closer than a stranger really should. So close, in fact, his arm brushed my shoulder. 

"No." I said, unable to keep the whine out entirely. "I bought this cooler and I don't have room for it. I don't think tying it to the roof will work."

"No, I don't think that would." He said with a laugh. "Hi, I'm Scott, by the way. You are ... "he held out his hand. 

A bit startled I said, "Libby. Nice to meet you." I gave him my hand and was instantly rewarded with a warm, strong handshake. His hand was soft, but you could tell he'd done plenty of work with them. I caught myself wondering what it would feel like on other parts of my body. 

Whoa .... I stopped myself, realizing he was speaking. "....since you live so close, I'd be happy to drop it off for you." He waited for an answer.

"I'm sorry, what?" I said. Gosh, it was awfully warm out today. 

Scott grinned at me again. "You live down the street from me. You're the yellow house on the end of the cul-de-sac. I'm going right home so I'll be happy to bring this for you."

"You would? Oh that's wonderful!" I said, smiling broadly. In minutes we had all the items loaded and were pulling into my driveway in no time.

As I grabbed bags from the trunk, Scott was getting out of his car. "Really have to thank you for this." Scott pulled the cooler out and brought it into the garage behind me. "Oh, it's no problem. I'm happy to help out a girl in need." 

I nudged the door to the house open with my hip. "Helping me and flattering me all in one day. We should become friends." I said with a smile. 

"Oh we definitely should." Scott said, following me inside and helping me with the rest of the items. When everything was in, I closed the door and headed to the cabinet. 

"The least I can do is offer you a drink. Soda, water, tea?"

"Glass of water would be great, thanks." We took our drinks at the counter, sipping and watching each other but not saying a word. 

I put my glass down, so did Scott. Without a word, he reached around and removed the clip from my hair, freeing my auburn locks to fall about my shoulders. 

"Why did you do that?" I asked, my voice a whisper. 

"I think you look better without it. Makes it easier for this." And with that, he cupped my face in his hands and kissed me. 

Surprising myself, I kissed him back, our tongues meeting, his body pinning me to the counter. I softly moaned at the back of my throat as his fingers threaded into the hair at the base of my neck. "You taste good." He said between kisses. "Just like I thought."

Then his hands were at the hem of my shirt, lifting it over my head. My bra was next, my full tits swaying free, his hands claiming them, teasing my nipples into tighter little buds as his mouth and tongue continued their assault on mine.

All time stopped, and I lost myself in his kiss, in his touch. The rough rasp of his shirt against my bare breasts only made me pull it from his body. His chest was smooth, his nipples drawn hard with excitement. Hair curled below his belly button and into the waist band of his pants. I wanted down there. 

I fumbled with his belt buckle, popped the button on his shorts and pulled them down, along with his boxers, in one fast movement. "Oh yes." He sighed, one hand at the base of my neck as I dropped to my knees before him. His cock was nicely sized and stiffening and I swallowed him as far as I could in one gulp. He gasped above me, moaning, and gently bucked his hips to the rhythm of my sucking. I had him against the counter, his eyes were closed, and he was lost in the movement of my tongue over his silky tip. I jacked him slowly, drawing out his pleasure the best I could. Sipping at his precum, I looked up to find his eyes on me. "Stop, not like this." He said, and I complied. "Where's the couch?" he asked. I grabbed his hand and led him to the living room and the big soft sofa.

Once there, he undressed me between kisses, exposing my full figure to his lustful gaze. Propping me against the pillows, he knelt before me and spread my legs back, opening the pink flesh of my pussy like the petals of a flower. My breath was coming faster, my pulse racing, as he dipped his head and began to make love to me with his mouth. I dropped my head back against the pillows, moaning loudly. His tongue worked over the satin skin, his teeth teasing my swelling clit into a hard little button. "Oh, fuck ..." I heard myself say, lost in his touch and the sensual moment. 

With one hand, he played with the nipple of my right tit. The fingers of his other hand were plunged into the juicy wetness of my pussy, already thrilling at the edge. First one, then two were inside, working the tight little box into an even bigger frenzy. 

"Oh yes .... Yes ...." I begged. "Please .... Oh please ...." My moans filled the empty house, rising to the rafters and beyond. As his tongue continued to work my clit, I was unable to think, unable to breath, so desperate I was to cum for him. And then I did. 

That sweet, long, throb was followed by another, and then another, and another still. He withdrew from me after a bit, my whimper of protest answered with a smile. He stood before me, his erection strong and jutting from his body. Without a word, he rolled me onto my tummy and grabbed my full hips firmly. "You are so soft, so warm. You're driving me crazy here." He whispered hoarsely as he positioned himself behind me. "What an amazing ass you have." His hand brushed over it, squeezing the cheek hard enough to make me cry out. He parted my cheeks, then my thighs, his hands constantly touching me. "Oh fuck, I cannot take this anymore." He said and with one fast thrust he was inside of me. "Oh my ...... damn ..... " he said as my tight little pussy gripped him greedily. 

I took a deep breath, adjusting to his size and his depth. He was in snug and after a few beats he started to slowly stroke in and out of me. His thrusts were gentle and not rushed. His hands caressed my back, my hips, and my ass. He spoke softly to me, telling me how good I felt, how he liked fucking me, asking if I liked him fucking me. He brushed the hair off my shoulder, leaned down, and placed kisses all along my shoulders as his cock continued its gentle invasion of my body.

He stroked me like that for a very long time, I held onto the cushion, losing myself in his touch, enjoying the way he used my body for our pleasure. He was slowly building his orgasm and my second wasn't far behind. With one final kiss to my shoulder, he lifted his body off mine and quickened the pace. 

Beautiful pain ripped through my body as his hard cocked thrust through my tight walls. The sound of our passion bounced off the walls, vibrating through the house. It was exquisite and I was going to cum for him again. As I reached my peak, so did he, his hand tangled in my hair, my name on his lips, pulse after pulse of his sticky hot cum coating the inside of my pussy, mixing with my own wetness.

After a moment, he withdrew from my body with a soft sucking noise. I collapsed against the cushions with him alongside. He drew me to him, kissing my forehead and held me, our breathing slowing to normal. 

"How do you feel?" he asked softly, placing another kiss at my temple.

"Wonderful, thank you." I said, turning my face and kissing his lips. 

"Ma'am?" Scott asked. 

I looked at him funny. "What?" I said, confused.

"You're up next, ma'am." He said again.

Then I realized I was still standing in line at the store. 

"Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry." I said, visibly flustered. I began loading my items on the belt.

"Are you alright? Do you need a drink of water?" he asked. He leaned forward, looking at me carefully.

"No ... no. I'm alright. I was just ..... thinking." I stopped myself, biting the inside of my lower lip as I stared into his hazel eyes. "Did you ever get the feeling you were thinking the same thing as someone else?" I asked.

"Yea, sometimes." He said with a wink.

With that, I stepped forward to pay. "Yea, me too." I said quietly, gathering my things, and walking from the store into the bright sunny day. 

End.