 (This isn't a true story, but my hubby wants to play chess with me now...heehee)

The chess game has simply become an excuse to stay in your company longer. The knight I hold in my hand feels warm where I have been rubbing it... Your father comes in the living room and says he is off to the store and would we like anything? You shake you head and he leaves. The house, which has never been empty of so many people, suddenly seems like a bubble of thick sensual air... You whisper, "checkmate," and the room echoes the sound.

The knight in my fingers falls in my lap... I look up into your face. You are watching me with a look I have seen before, but never on you. I kneel up at the coffee table and lean over to you..."'To the victor go the spoils.'", I think. I kiss you on the cheek...

You pull me over the coffee table scattering pawns everywhere. Your arms wrapped around my waist feel strong and firm, as if you never meant to let me go. My breath catches slightly as your mouth goes down on mine. All thoughts go out of my mind as your tongue invades my mouth, twisting and sucking at my tongue. Your hands slip in between us and cup my breasts...and then pinch gently at my nipples...I gasp into your mouth and arch into you.

Your mouth leaves mine and grazes its way down my neck and throat...you bite at my hard nipples through my shirt and press yourself tight against me...I can feel your dick throbbing on my thigh. I reach down and press your head against my breast, urging you further. 

You lift your head from my breast and motion that we should continue our fun upstairs. My legs shaking, I follow you up and into your room. 

Once in your room, you close and lock the door. We stand a few feet from each other. A little shy...a little nervous...my god we have waited so long for this, and now we are unbelievably hot for each other and neither is moving. I part my lips slightly, but you move quickly and cover my mouth with yours.

The kiss did it. I move backward towards your bed and lean against the footboard. Our bodies are tight against each other...your hands slid down my back and gently grip my rounded ass. I moan softly as you push us over the board and onto your bed. I wriggle my way up towards the head as you crawl between my knees... my skirt is bunched up at my thighs and you can see a peek of wet, gray and black flowers on my center....

You run your hands up the back of my legs...teasing me...I sit up and pull my shirt off and you mouth my nipples through the satiny bra. They tighten and rise at the velvety feel of your tongue. You run your tongue between my breasts and up my to my ear. Pulling back you tear your clothes off and remove my skirt...I giggle quietly at your sudden impatience. I push you down on your back and start a blood-heating trail of licks and kisses down your body. 

I use my tongue and catch a nipple in my mouth, sucking and tugging gently with my teeth. At a light flick, I hear your low groan...I lay little kisses across your chest and start the whole process over again. Your hands grip my shoulders tightly and I can feel your arms trying to resist the urge to push my downward toward the hardness I feel against my belly. I leave your tortured nipples and work my way down your belly, nipping lightly as I go. I grip the base of your dick tightly with one hand and cup your balls softly with the other...then I swallow you whole. 

Your body arches up and pushes deep into my throat. I swirl my tongue around your shaft and tickle the base of your head. My fingers carefully massage your balls, feeling them tighten and relax with the motion of my mouth. I lick at the underside of your dick and as I drag my I can feel your time running out...my tongue probes the tiny hole at the top and gathers the liquid collecting there. I know you are close, but I keep teasing you, sucking powerfully only to taper off to soft licks. My hand gripping the base of your dick tightens a little more to give us more time and I go back to deep-throating you. You let out a loud groan as you shoot your pent up lusts into my mouth and down my throat. I swallow quickly and carefully, not wanting to spill any, but a tiny bubble appears at the corner of my lips. As I sit up and watch you, my tongue flicks out and licks it away. 

You lay there, with your eyes closed for a few moments. I watch you with a smile on my face...I love the feeling of power I get after making a guy lose control. You open your eyes and with a truly animalistic look on your face you lunge up and at push me flat on my back. You tear off my bra and suckle at my nipples. Your hand slides down my belly slowly, inching toward my soaked thong. Your fingers curl underneath the waistband and seek out my swollen clit. Finding it thus, your head shoots down and, removing my thong, you dive in. I arch my body into your waiting mouth and into heaven. Your tongue sucks and swirls around my clit and I grab at your hair, urging you on. You slip your fingers inside me and probe gently. After a moment you find what you are after and are awarded by my throaty cries of pleasure. I can feel the new life in your dick as it throbs against my calf... I rub it with my leg and hear you groan slightly.

You move back up my body and kiss me. I can taste myself on your tongue and am strangely turned on by it. You position yourself between my thighs, and looking into my eyes you slid in. We sigh in unison, and it begins. 

I wrap my legs around you as you thrust shallowly into my body. I am squirming like a housecat, trying to get you deeper inside me. But you continue to tease me and kiss me deeply. Our tongue dancing a similar dance as our bodies. I suppose you could stand it no longer because you thrust into me sharply, deeply...I cry out into your mouth. You speed up as I tighten my legs around you. I can feel an immense orgasm building inside me and I match your thrusts. I feel my control leaving me and I tumble over the edge of reason and sanity into a blinding orgasm. I feel you slam into me for the final time and shoot your passion deep into me. 

We collapse, breathing heavily. Downstairs we hear a door slam shut...your father is home and wants us to help with the groceries. Giggling, we dress quickly and throw open your windows...by the time your father got annoyed that we weren’t downstairs, we are playing a video game and the room is aired out. On our way back downstairs, you wrap your arm around my waist and kiss my neck. Nibbling on my ear, you whisper, “Checkmate.”