 Here is the next chapter in TCP. First off, I want to thank MaaddMaaxx for all of his help editing these chapters. Your ideas are amazing and I appreciate everything that you have done for me! I love to hear your suggestions – even when I throw hitches into the possibility of using them. You are awesome!

Just wanted to let you all know that there is very little sex in this chapter, more of a teaser. Thank you to all that have emailed me. I have enjoyed all of my conversations with each of you and I hope that the story will continue to hold your interest, because there is more to this story! Enjoy! CinderLaw



After their first time, Jason grabbed some water in one of the paper cups and wet down a corner of the sheet cleaning her virgin blood from her thighs. Only after he was satisfied that she had been thoroughly cleaned did he then begin to clean her blood off of his cock. 

After he finished cleaning himself up he could tell by the flush of her skin she was beginning to feel the effects of the drug again. He crawled between her legs but this time his head stayed between her legs. He slid his hands under her hips, lifting them slightly. Taking a deep breath of her scent, his mouth began to water. He slowly licked her from the top to bottom of her slit. Her hips began to move in his hand, rocking from side to side. He hardened his tongue and slipped it into her pussy, curling it a bit to gather the remains of their juices as he pulled it back out. He then licked up to her clit and began to lap at it with his tongue. He then sucked it into his mouth as he pulled a hand out from beneath her. He slid a finger slowly into her as he began to lightly nibble on her clit. She was soaked, and at the rate she was fucking his finger, he knew she would be cumming soon.

Laysea could feel the same feelings of heat and lust start over as she watched him clean him self. When he crawled back between her legs she noticed that he was not hard. Then when he began to fuck her with his tongue she almost came off of the bed! The feeling was indescribable! His tongue had just enough of a rough texture while it was both hard and soft that she never wanted the feeling to end. When he started sucking on her clit she felt the swirling feeling start in her lower belly. Then his finger began to go in and out of her, she could feel herself climbing to an orgasm! Her body just had to move! She put her legs up over his shoulders using her feet to push his face deeper into her slit. 

Jason curled his finger forward, rubbing her wall of her pussy while biting her clit with a bit more pressure. He felt her pussy grip his finger as she bowed off of the bed. He had to grab a hold of her lower back so she did not move away from his mouth. Her knees began to squeeze the sides of his head in the throes of passion. He kept his head bent slightly to the back so that she did not suffocate him. He felt her legs start to loosen up as her orgasm began to pass. By then his cock was hard again and he crawled up her.

"Ready for round 2?" he asked her as he leaned in and began to kiss her.

Only after several more orgasms, hours later, were they able to stop. Jason leaned down to her and kissed her softly on the lips. Then he slowly pulled out of her feeling the rush of their juices leaking out of her as he moved to lay beside her shielding her from the stairs. He usually would not turn his back on the only door but he had no clue what would be coming through the door and he would be damned if he let her get hurt. 

So far Mitch had dragged her smack in the middle of a life long war between the men. Now she would forever be someone that Mitch aimed for just to get to Jason. She was now like a chess piece in this crazy game Mitch and Jason has played for years. Damn how in the hell did Mitch figure out exactly what type of woman Jason was extremely attracted to? Jason had always favored a shorter petite frame he stood 6 foot even and she barely came up to his shoulders so she could not be over 5 foot 5 and could not be over 120 after a rainstorm. Her skin was so soft but he could tell that she worked hard by the dark circles under her eyes. He guessed she worked at least two jobs. She had long light brown hair with golden highlights that ran through it, those had to be real. Her hair was long, ending just above her waist with big curls that seemed to hold without assistance of hairspray or gel. This was the type of hair that he loved to run his fingers through especially while making love to the woman letting his fingers get lost in her hair. Then there were her eyes she had grey eyes that reminded him of a dark grey smoky look. Thick dark lashes and nice olive skin finished out the rest of the package. She was now his and he honestly enjoyed that fact. She would argue with him when she did not agree with him and love him with as much passion as he had. His life just became a whole lot more interesting. 

Laysea began to feel a little odd; Jason had rolled to her side blocking her view of the rest of the room. She hated feeling like she was trapped, so she knew that she needed to move soon or at least get some space from him. She was a little on the embarrassed side considering she had not even known him for more than a couple of hours and she had been all over him and slept with him. She had acted like a dog in heat! She understood that it was from the drug but what got her was the inability to control her self. She would have been happy rubbing up against his leg if that was all he offered! On top of this he is one of the head mobsters of this city. She may be completely out of the loop but she knew there was two men that you did not mess with in this city they were Jason DeGeo and Mitchell Diago. They ran the biggest criminal organizations in this state. They both resided in the same city which is probably why they knew each other so well. They had practically been raised to hate each other. 

She began to wonder if she would now be passed from guy to guy within their organization like a groupie. She also wondered if he would be getting rescued soon. She did not believe for one second all his shit about they would be together forever. Forever never existed, her parents taught her that indirectly. 

Her dad had been a drunk who was crazy and had come home one night angry. Her mother had fixed supper, nothing outlandish, just hamburger helper. Even though they had never had much money her mom had a way of making things nice. She had once gone to a local church and gotten some old sheets and worked major magic on them. The kind that only a mother can, making Laysea a princess curtain over her bed. She used a hanger to thread the material on then hung it over her bed. They had cut stars out of cardboard covered them with aluminum foil making a mobile to hang under the curtain. It was nothing spectacular but her mother always made Laysea feel special regardless of how un-special she actually was. God she missed her mom, every since that day he came home so mad and began to yell at mom, calling her horrible names and hitting her. To this day Laysea is not sure where the gun came from she knew one minute it was not there and the next it was. Then he fired and she watched her mom slide down the wall – the look of surprise frozen on her face. Her dad was the very reason why Laysea did not want to marry a man that was known for his anger. 

Would Jason tire of her and just kill her? She guessed he would not but would he order someone to do it? Surely they would do whatever he wanted. He paid their salary. He did not use protection so what happened if she got pregnant? Would he continue to care for the child or send the baby away until it was old enough to either take over or marry off to someone? She had to get up she was beginning to have difficulty breathing! 

Laysea sat up pulling the light blanket that covered the cot up around her. Jason seemed to have no shyness about his nakedness but she certainly was not going to sit around in a cell naked with a naked man that she did not know. Laysea tried to catch her breath as she leaned against the wall. Lord it felt like someone had sucked all of the oxygen out of the room. She knew in the back of her mind that she was having a panic attack. She saw Jason moving toward her, reaching out to grab her and she jumped up and ran off of the bed too get away from him. He was trying to say something but she could not understand what it was. She just needed a little space and to calm her down, however Jason did not know that and kept walking toward her. 

"STOP!!" she screamed at him while laboring each breath that she sucked in. She sank down to the floor pulling her knees up to her head so that she could. 

After a few minutes of standing away from her Jason knelt down so that he could look directly into her face. In a soft, calm tone voice he asked her, "Are you okay?" 

Laysea looked up at him, tears in her eyes, "Sorry, I, uh, I had a panic attack. I am not use to being that close to a guy let alone one who is not in clothes. I, uh, started to think about my dad and mom then I began to have difficulty breathing. Then I started thinking you are not someone that I would want to piss off. And if I did, cause I generally tend to make men pissed off, what would you do to me?" 

Jason smiled that made him look like the sexiest man in the world, in her modest opinion, and asked "Can I come closer?" She nodded and he walked slowly over to her sitting on the floor beside her so that they were shoulder to arm. "Are you scared of me?" 

"Yes and no, I mean you have been really nice to me – except for when I first got in here, ummm, sorry."

Jason laughed a true, full laugh, "Yeah I was kind of an ass, so I apologize for that."

She grinned up at him, "I guess the fact that you are known to carry a gun and that your name has been linked to so many . . . dead people. It kind of instills fear into a girl. That and there is not a single person in this state that doesn't know that nobody crosses you or Mitchell Diago. You are men who rule with power and, well, powerful men always intimidate me. Ever since my dad um, well, he sh-sh-shot my mom and, um, she did not make it. So, I always thought that I would not be with someone like you – I don't want to end up shot." 

By now the tears were rolling down her face. This guy was going to think that she is crazy. When help showed up he would probably shoot her right here.

"Laysea? Look at me." He instructed her as he pulled her into his arm. "Wow! Girl you said more to me in the last 2 min then anyone has said to me in the last 10 years. First off, Mitch and I, along with our entire groups, we are a force that you don't want to tangle with. Listen, you are going to be in the middle of this because for some reason Mitch picked you. Now there is no way that I can keep you out of this, had I found you and picked you myself then I would have taken every precaution to keep your existence out of Mitch's knowledge. But I have to go with what I was dealt. He will end up trying to use you to get to me and he will not care if you get hurt or not. I will try my best to make sure that this does not happen but I don't know that I will always be able to. I will promise you this; whatever he does to you, he knows I am going to do back to him tenfold. Probably not what you want to hear. I am not going to hurt you. In fact in the space of a couple of hours you have become one of the most protected women in this state. My people's job is to protect us and my job will be to protect you. I am sorry about your parents, but Laysea the last thing I do is rule with emotion. I do get angry and I am sure that we will fight but honey it will be with words not fist or guns. I will also try to remember that you do not like to feel crowded. When we get back to my, well, our penthouse we have a king size bed – unless you want to get a new one, which is fine with me. I got enough money that you can redo the whole damn city and we would still have plenty left over. By the way – please don't."

She giggled feeling a lot lighter and more carefree then she had in years, "What is going to happen next?"

"We wait. I have been missing for a night and at this point Ty is probably killing people to find me."

"Why would you think that?"

"Because he is my right hand man. Look, he will come, never doubt that. There are few people that I trust whole heartedly, but Ty - he is one of the good guys."

"Okay, so how are they going to find us?"

"That I don't know. I would figure that since Mitch did not want to kill me that he wanted them to find me. I just don't understand why he would hook us up together. I mean there is nothing that you can hide from me because Mac, my computer tech guy will automatically do a background check on you. So I will know if you have ever worked for Mitch – obviously you have not dated anyone from his group."

"Well we know that they gave me TPO, so that we would sleep together. Do you think that it was in hopes that you would just leave me? What would happen if someone in your organization had sex with someone who was a virgin then walked away from them without marrying them?"

Jason looked at her with a serious look, "Forget it. I am not walking away from you."

"No, No I am just looking at reasons why he would do this."

"Okay as long as we are talking about a hypothetical situation the guy would be ostracized from the organization and a hit put out on him."

"Well I can see why you chose not to go that way."

"Yeah that would suck but I would not be able to live with myself knowing that I may have a kid out there who did not have the benefit of my name and money. But Mitch would know that I would never choose that route. The only thing I can think is that he is hoping that you will have gotten pregnant and then he has the chance of grabbing you and my baby." He gave a long sigh. "I guess that we will find out soon enough. Hey, how are you feeling?"

"Fine."

"No urges?"

"Nope."

"Damn it, they must have given you a diluted version of the drug."

"What does that mean?" she asked confused.

"They gave you enough to make sure that we slept together but not a whole dose because – you would have been unable to walk down the stairs. You would have been too far gone. You also would have felt the effects starting again by now."

"Yeah, sorry I'm not. Actually if you want to know the truth I am a little tender, I feel kinda like I am still wide open down, you know, there."

Jason chuckled a little, "You know one of the things I find a major turn on with you? Your use of other words then actually just saying it. Like 'my thing' is actually a dick or a cock and 'down there' is a pussy, cunt or cootchy to name just a few."

Laysea did not think that she could get any more redder then she was. "I don't know that I can say that. When I went into my first foster care home the foster mother instructed me that 'Real ladies did not mention the unmentionable body parts ever' it just kind of stuck with me. Then later when she caught me and another girl missing around well let's just say she installed the need not to experience sexually."

"You and another girl huh? That sounds like a story I would like to hear sometime. As for the way you talk, I like it, but you might want to dirty the language up a bit – but only when we are by ourselves. As soon as we get out of here though I will get you to a woman's doctor to make sure that I did not hurt you, okay."

"Yeah, okay, um, but I don't know that I can be alone with a doctor while he looks down there."

Jason gave her an odd look, "Honey there will always be a woman nurse in there during the same time the doctor is. Oh, yeah, and me! Since I will be damned if anyone would look at your pussy without me there making sure that nothing out of the ordinary happens."

"Okay."

There was a loud noise up at the door, Jason jumped up with Laysea in his arms put her on her feet then pushed her behind him then pushed her back into the corner.

"Jason your naked! Take the blanket at least!" she ordered in a whisper.

"Keep that blanket on! Look, there are no surprises if I have no place to hide anything is there?"

They heard the door being popped open wide with a thump where it landed against the wall. Light poured into the lower area, a head appeared to look down into the area.

Jason physically relaxed in front of her and said, "Bout time you guys caught up with me."

"Well maybe if you had not been such a hot head and drove like a maniac right into the other side's area." The head then disappeared and could be heard yelling, "HEY HE IS OVER HERE."

Then several legs appeared to be coming down the stairs all at once. The head which had grown into a full size body looked Jason up and down. "You know you did not have to dress up. The key was to just dress. Shit man it looks like you have just spent the weekend at a whore house and never got dressed. I can smell your stink over here!" 

"Ha Ha, smart ass. Some one go and get some woman's clothes size small top and size 2 in pants – hey grab some shoes um size. . ."

"6"

"Size 6." He yelled at the guy that had jumped to his command.

"Are you having a sex change is that what this is all about?" Said the head as he tried to look behind Jason to see who was supplying the size. 

"No, but I refuse to take my wife out of here in a blanket." He state simply then walked over to the bed and grabbed his clothes throwing them on.

"I'm sorry but you're what?" Came a new voice. Laysea looked at the new guy, he was scarey looking. In her mind this is what the devil looked like. He was just as tall as Jason but black hair and very dark eyes that could be considered black.

"My wife, Ty." 

Great, Laysea thought, The devil is his right hand man. How am I suppose to not cower before him? Won't that be an impressive wife for Jason?

Jason had finished putting on his pants and turned to face the men that were now every where in the little room, "Mitch gave her to me as a present."

"Did he make you get married?" asked the head.

"No, Jerry, he gave me a virgin on TPO, any more questions?" He asked as he held up a part of the sheet that he had used to clean them up earlier with.

Well that made her feel wanted! Wow, what happened to the whole together spiel he gave her? Apparently it went out the door the minute that it was open.

"So what now?" asked the head that was apparently named Jerry.

"What do you mean 'what now?'? We go home as soon as Jake gets back with Laysea's clothes." Jason said. He glanced over at Laysea and saw how scared she looked. Damn, she just got done telling me that guys like this scare the hell out of her because of her dad. "Laysea? Honey you can come out of the corner now. I told you that they would show up sooner or later. Come over here and sit on the bed so your feet don't get cold. As soon as Jake gets back we will get you dressed and go take you to the hospital."

"Wait a minute is she hurt or sick?" said Satan.

"No, but she did have sex for the first time and was under the influence of drugs. I want to make sure that she's okay, Ty. I don't want her hurt anymore then she has to be."

Laysea walked over to the cot and sat down on the bed. Jason took the sheet that she had worn down the stairs and wrapped it around her legs and feet. "Hey why don't you guys try to figure a way out of here for us?"

Satan said without missing a beat, "Maybe the key that is hanging on the wall right by the door will help." With that sarcastic statement he walked over to the door and pulled the key off the wall then opened the lock and swung the door wide open. "Yeah that seemed to work pretty well. What would you like us to do now?"

"Smart ass. Where the hell are we anyways?" Jason asked him.
