 I called my best friend and told him I was tired of playing on line chess together all night and that I’d pay for the pizza if he came over and played in person for once. He agreed and said he’d bring the wine. You can take the boy out of California but you can’t take the California out of the boy. One of these days I was also going to have to admit that I didn’t like sushi. 

 I took a shower and threw on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt in case he decided to crash for the night like he often did. He was the closest thing I had to a man in my life and I really didn’t mind having someone to cuddle with in bed once in a while. We both had serious commitment issues from past relationships and the situation worked for us.  

 He came over and I ordered the pizza. We set up the chess set as we waited for the pizza. There was something to be said about a man who liked the same things you did on a pizza. Maybe those people who believed in fate were on to something. Finding someone who likes the same stuff on a pizza as you do is like finding an honest Enron executive or a pit bull that doesn’t bite. It’s a rare thing that should be not be taken for granted. 

 With the chess set at one end of my coffee table and the pizza box and our wine on the other, we began to play and eat. I made it 15 moves before he started taking all my pieces off the board. He was a much better player than I was and I don’t think I ever won a game to him. It wasn’t about winning or losing. It was about spending time with him and just having fun together. He taught me how to play as we went and we just enjoyed playing together. 

 After loosing 2 games to him and feeling really relaxed from the wine, I suggested we play strip chess. He looked at me and laughed.  

 “You’re gonna get cold,” he said, “because you always loose.” He smiled and I laughed at him and said, “Ok.”  We set up the board and agreed that whenever our opponent took away any of the back row pieces, we had to give them an article of clothing.  I was suddenly wishing we lived in Antarctica and dressed for the occasion. 

 We played, and as usual, I wound up taking off both my slippers and a sock to his sneaker.  We played some more and I was down to my sports bra and my shorts. Capturing both his knights let me to getting him shirtless and I realized just how sexy he really was. 

 I guess my nipples reacted to the thoughts of him naked in my bed because he tried insisting that we stop because I was cold. I couldn’t argue with him without telling him what I was thinking so I insisted it was the last game.      A captured rook cost me my sports bra and he commented that he didn’t realize how much I stuffed into my bras and that I had a great rack.  I laughed and kept loosing to him. By the time he got me in check, I was sitting there in an adorable little flowered cotton thong with him staring at me and smiling. I got up and went to the kitchen for a second bottle of wine. As I stood by the open fridge, freezing my ass off, I might add, he came up behind me and traced the outline of my skimpy underwear with his finger. His touch felt wonderful on my skin. 

 “Mmmmm. That feels good.” I said. His other hand went up to my breasts and he began to play with my nipple. I asked him if there was something he wanted and he just laughed at me. He kissed me gently on the lips then moved his hand from my breast to the triangle of my thong. With one arm around my waist and the other one exploring the folds of my panties, I couldn’t go anywhere even if it crossed my mind. 

 Desire built up in me as his exploring finger found the folds of my pussy lips and discovered the island lost to most males known as the clit. We were both slightly drunk and I probably should have stopped him but it felt so good and I wanted him. He kissed me hard on the lips then slid his tongue into my shocked mouth. I slid my hand down the front of his shorts and found him defiantly in the mood to play. I stroked him as best as the confines of his shorts would allow and once I knew there was no turning back, I gently pulled him to the bedroom. He staggered as he followed me. Like he had a choice. I laughed as I pushed him down on my bed. 

 He laughed and helped me get his shorts off. He was as hard as nails and it was an impressive site. He always bragged about it but I thought he was just your average male who exaggerated his size. I traced his head and shaft with my tongue and he started to pray to God as I swallowed him whole. He tasted of Irish Spring soap and a slight hint of sweat. He smelled the way a man should smell, strong, yet fresh. I bobbed on him and he grabbed the bed sheets as I sucked on him harder. The harder I sucked on him, the more he grabbed at the bed and I enjoyed seeing him loose control this way. I gently grazed his balls with the tops of my long nails.  He shuddered as I sucked on the sides of his shaft just under the head and rolled his balls in my soft warm hand. I could feel them tighten up so I took him back in my mouth and sucked him hard and fast until he rewarded me with his hot cum. 

 “Please baby don’t stop.” He begged as my soft lips slid up and down his long shaft. I hummed as I built up speed. I knew he wouldn’t last much longer as his balls got rock hard and he moaned louder and mentioned God more than once. By the time I was done with him, I wanted him to be a religious man. 

 “I’m gon-na cahhhummmmm.” He panted out as I felt the first shot of his cum hit the back of my throat. I swallowed wave after wave of cum as I licked the underside of his head with the tip of my tongue and rubbed a finger back and forth between his ass and his ball sack. “Oh my god, stop, you’re killing me.” He begged out of breath. 

 He went semi-soft in my mouth and I let go of him. I looked at him and made eye contact then licked a few drops of cum from my lips. I laughed as his half-mast dick waved at me with a final convulsion of cum. I licked it off his belly and enjoyed the fact that I gave him such pleasure that his chest was still heaving from the act. 

 I got up off my knees and walked around the bed to my dresser. He asked me what I was doing and I told him that he’d see. I lit some candles around the room and turned the dimmer switch on my bedroom light. I turned on the stereo to some classical music and removed some things from a drawer. 

 I sat on the bed across from him and grabbed a pillow for my back. I leaned on the pillow against the foot post of the bed and laid out the items I took out of my drawer. I had some lube, anal beads and my favorite vibrators.  I took the lube and poured some out onto the palm of my hand. I rubbed it in my already wet pussy and especially on my asshole. He reached out to touch me and I smacked his hand and told him he was a bad boy and if he wanted more fun later, he had to watch but not touch. He groaned but took his hand back.

 I rubbed the motion lotion until it got warm then I took the pink wand and turned it on. I rubbed my clit with it and felt a tingling feeling through my body. I started to get into it and I could feel myself getting wetter.  I grasped the wand with my thighs and rolled on my side with the anal beads in hand. I slowly inserted them, waiting until I got used to each one before proceeding with the next size larger. Soon I was up to 6 beads and bucking against the pink magic wand, which in turn made the beads move back and forth in my ass bringing me closer to a major orgasm. 

 My breathing got quicker with each and every movement against the battery operated toy. I needed release soon. My motions got faster as he got hard again. I bit my lip and closed my eyes as I slid the blue dolphin shaped toy in my boiling hot pussy. I bucked like a mad woman as I rammed it in and out of my slick pussy, barely breathing. My eyes closed and my head fell back as I released. I shot out a small stream of cum as he watched, hard as a rock and with a huge smile on his face. 

 He leaned over and pinned my legs to the bed so he could lick my pussy. I was still cumming on his face as he stuck his tongue in my slick hole. I could feel the walls of my pussy try to crush his tongue as he sent me over the edge again between his tongue and a well-placed thumb. 

 He spread my legs a little more apart as he kneeled in front of my opening to his heaven. I tilted my hips up as he guided his key to my heart in my dripping wet pussy. He slid it in little by little and waited for me to get used to his size. He was a lot different than my toy and very much appreciated. 

 His inch-by-inch tactics were killing me and I begged him to fuck me already. He went slowly, in and out, just stopping short of pulling his huge head out. As he slid back in, he’d catch my clit on the upstroke and he was driving me wild. I pressed against him and tried to speed up his thrusting. I met his every stroke and soon both of us were out of breath and ready to cum again. 

 I went first, screaming his name and God’s intermittingly while begging him to fuck my brains out. He began chanting the word “yes” breathlessly and sped up his thrusting. The bed banged against the wall with the rhythm of his strokes and the noise level in the room was enough to wake the dead. He grunted loudly and I could feel him cum inside me like a freight train. Hard, fast and unstoppable. He fell on top of me the rolled over on his side.  He kissed me and pulled me into his arms as I waited for the aftershocks of my orgasm to end. 

 We both fell asleep wrapped up in each other’s arms and awoke up late the next morning. I tried to get out of bed but he pulled me back towards him and said he had something he wanted to show me. I laughed and soon we were in the shower together repeating the night before.