 I am standing in line at the bar, waiting to order a beer. How I talked myself into coming to my high school reunion was beyond me. I disliked most of the people here when I was in school, and not too much had changed. Most haven't done anything with their lives. Here I stand, nearly 28 years old, a highly decorated Navy Seal, second in my class at the Naval Academy, and newly promoted to Lieutenant Commander. What a waste of time this turned out to be.

It doesn't help much that I am wearing my full dress uniform, my medals reflecting in the light from the strobes. Muscle bound, head shaved, I guess I am a little impressive, and with the nasty shrapnel scar on the side of neck, a bit scary.

In she walks: Anna Fraser. I haven't seen her since graduation. She was off to Harvard, and I was off to the Navy. We had lots in common, I was the star running back on the football team, and she the cheerleader. We are both brilliant, she graduated valedictorian; me salutatorian, both only 17. For some reason, we never got together. There was always some sparks between us, but nothing ever happened, although I would have given my left nut to get inside her. She is dressed in her old cheerleading uniform, along with the rest of her old squad. I caught myself staring. Her uniform still fits quite well. The blue sweater is tighter, but it looks better that way. It seems to accentuate her beautiful firm C cups. Her skirt rides high on her hips, the waist almost bursting from her womanly hips, the hem barely reaching mid-thigh. Her hair is tied back in a cute ponytail. The memories come flooding back. Her milky thighs high-kicking at games, her firm and perky tits bouncing, glimpses of panties, imagining all of the things I could do to her, all of the things she could do to me.

She is stopped not far from the door, having being noticed by the faculty. One of her favorite teachers starts up a conversation with her. I stare at her again, all my old insecurities coming to the surface, but being in the Seals has changed a few things in me. I order a second beer, and sum up my courage, and walk towards her.

I purposely position myself so she can see me striding confidently towards her. Her eyes trail down my body, sizing me up. I can tell she is intrigued. Her warm smile greets me as I close the distance between us. She still has those cute dimples. She greets me with a cute giggle, and jumps up hugging me, throwing her arms around my neck, her legs wrapping around mine. I am instantly hard.

Still holding the two bottles, I am unable to return the bear hug. Finally, she reluctantly releases me. I lean down to her and kiss her on the cheek, handing her a bottle. Coors Light, always her favorite. She looks and the bottle, her face splitting to a wide smile. "You still remember, after all these years?"

"I never forget what a beautiful woman drinks." I return the smile, sipping at my beer.

"Always the charmer. And I see you are the big, tough, successful soldier."

"Lieutenant Commander James Liam Dove, United States Navy, at your service."

"So Commander, are you going to ask me to dance?" Anna says with a sexy smile, tossing back the last of her beer. Not waiting for an answer, she grabs me by the hand, leading me onto the floor.

Dancing and grinding to the pumping rhythm, I am getting extremely fired up. Anna is rubbing herself all over me, and she is wet. Her body is face is flushed, the redness leading all the way down her chest, past the neck of her sweater. The few strands of hair which have escaped her ponytail are matted and stuck to her forehead. Beads of sweat are trailing down her neck, her skin shining. Her chest is heaving, her breathing labored. She looks likes a goddess, completely immersing herself in the moment. 

Her cheerleader uniform is painting the picture of an innocent schoolgirl, but with the scent of a sexual predator. I myself am nearly out of breath, and my raging cock feels like it will tear its way out of my uniform slacks. Finally, mercifully, the song ends. I cup her chin and kiss her deeply. My hands roaming their way down her back, caressing the taut globes of her ass. She presses her body hard into mine, her hands rubbing my back.

"Get me out of here. Take me away. Please. Take me somewhere, anywhere but here, please." Anna sighed as I finally released her from the body kiss.

I hold her hand tight, weaving our way through the crowd towards the hallway. I lead her down the hall towards the parking lot, but Anna has other ideas. She pushes open the door to the Nurses Office. "I'm sick... I need some medicine."

After getting through the door, she attacks me. I barely keep standing as she kisses and grinds against me. 

I reach down and grab the edge of her sweater, pulling it quickly over her head. The saucy little tart isn't wearing a bra.

I step back, pulling off my uniform jacket, letting her start to undo the buttons on my shirt. I undo my pants, dropping them to the floor, leaving me naked. 

I turn Anna around, pressing her against the wall; her tits pressing against the wall, nipples crushed flat by our body weight, clad only in her tight skirt. I kiss her across her neck and down her back. She is moaning in delight. My rock hard member is pressed into her ass. My fingers find their way to her dripping pussy. I quickly find her nub, rubbing and caressing it gently, two fingers plunging deep. 

I'm enjoying the feel of her body twitching in reaction of my manipulations. More and more, I tease her. She is leaking like a faucet now on my hand. Her breathing is coming in short, loud gasps, echoing in the small room. 

After a few minutes of my torturous fondling of her body, she spins around, dropping to her knees. She engulfs my raging cock, her tongue swirling in her mouth. My hands find their way to her hair, fingers entangling themselves in her golden locks. I tilt my head back, mouth open; the sensations overwhelming.

She seems to be enjoying this almost as much as I am. I don't want this to end, but I am getting close. I don't want to waste myself in her mouth. I reach under her chin, pushing up gently. She releases me reluctantly.

Spying the empty desk, I bend her over, burying myself into her in one deep, powerful thrust. She is squealing like a cat in heat. She is pushing herself back on my hard cock, our hips slamming together on every shot. My hands reached around her, cupping her breasts, fingers tweaking her nipples. 

Anna flailed her head around wildly as her squeals became full throated screams. She was getting off unlike anything I have ever seen before.

Anna still keeps fucking back at me after her orgasm subsides, turning her head and whispering, "Is the big handsome football player going to satisfy his dirty cheerleader before going off to the war?"

"What does the dirty little cheerleader want?"

She pushes off the desk, and leads me to the cot. She has me lay down on the cot, and climbs nimbly on top. In one fluid motion, she imbeds herself on me. She bounces wildly on top of me, grabbing my hands and roughly grinds them into her breasts. Her radiant skin is shiny with moisture, the sweat just pouring out of her now. Her hair is soaked, light makeup running, but she is still beautiful.

Looking up at her riding me like a cowgirl, I couldn't hold out much more. She hammered down on my body; I forced myself up, banging her tight, little body harder than I though she could take. 

Our bodies slammed so hard together that it sounded like I was spanking her, spanking her extremely hard and fast. Anna pushed her hand between her legs and started rubbing her clit. I could tell that she was getting close to coming again. Her moans became louder and more unrestrained.

"Oh, Jesus!" She screamed. "Give me everything you've got."

She didn't need to ask me twice. I let loose a torrent in her and hollered out a loud moan. 

She collapses on top of me; her body seemingly in the midst of an epileptic seizure. We lay still for a few moments before I removed myself from her. I ran my cock over her bush, leaving a trail of my seed over her mound.

I leaned forward and kissed her, having never appreciated her so much. "That was great," 

"Thank you," she replied, "After all these years; I finally got laid by you. The football star, turned into the great hero."

I just smiled at her, holding her close. "Strange how things work out. I wasn't even going to come to this reunion. I thought it would be a waste of time."

She just smiled and kissed me.