 Thanks to MaaddMaaxx for providing all the help through out this experience of posting this story. You are amazing and have helped me grow as a writer!



Laysea was not sure about the events that happened directly after that. She knew that the police were called as was Kaleb, who was Jason's childhood friend and his attorney, and then Jason was called. All that Jason and Kaleb were told was that they needed to get there right away, that there had been am incident. Laysea and Maxie both sat out by the pool in stunned silence, the warm day suddenly felt very cold.

"Do you swear that this is not another fake death?" Laysea asked Maxie again.

"If it is they forgot to let me in on it. The key was not to let you see Jason because up close you could tell he was not dead. We touched her – she is gone." Maxie whispered back.

"Jared is going to blame me! He is going to forever hate me!" Laysea began to scream and cry at Maxie.

"Trista did what she did to save you and that baby! It is not like you jumped behind her, she jumped in front of you. It is not your fault."

Not long after the police arrived so did Kaleb followed closely by two SUV. Jason jumped out first with the rest of the guys following him. "Kaleb? Who got hurt?"

"I don't know yet Jason I just got here but George told me that I had better get here fast. Did he call you guys?"

"Yeah, he said that we needed to get up here that something had happened." Jason replied. 

The front door opened and George, Maxie's and Mac's dad, walked toward them. His face white and blood on his shirt.

"Dad, whose blood is that?" Mac asked him.

"Um, I am glad that you all got up here so fast. The um police is about done then the EMT's will bring out the gurney. It is not good I am afraid."

Jason got a very cold feeling through his body and asked the one question that no one wanted to hear the answer to, "Who?"

George looked at him then toward Jared and said "Trista."

Without notice, Jared took off running towards the house, Jason took off after his brother. By the time they reached her Jared slid on his knees to her. Jared picked up her head and held her close to him whispering to her, "Trista? Oh baby no, no, no, don't leave me! Please don't leave me." Laysea and Maxie both walked up to the patio doors tears streaming faster down their faces as they watched Jared. Jason had come up behind Jared, "Come one Jared let them take her and clean her up. Come on." Laysea was not sure if Jared got up on his own or if Jason lifted him up but he began to move out towards the patio. The brothers had never been known to show great emotion towards each other but they did now. Jason offered comfort to Jared as he began to mourn the death of his wife.

Later when they got back to the penthouse, Jason and Laysea went to one of the guest apartments. It was not as nice as the penthouse but it was not trashed by Tiffany and Aaron's decoration. It would take about a week to get it back into order so until then they would live in the guest apartment – which was cleaned every day by staff. 

Jason without stopping led Laysea into the bedroom.

"I need to feel you." He told her.

They began to kiss. Softly then turning into a burning need between both of them. Jason began to pull her shirt up over her head. He noted that her breast had increased in size with her pregnancy. He stopped kissing her to go down to his knees in front of her taking one foot in hand and slipping her shoe off of her foot, then following with the other foot. She held onto his shoulders for support. Then he reached up and pulled her pants down over her pregnant belly she again held onto his shoulders. He then stood up and pulled his shirt off. She ran her hands over his chest, loving the feel of the hard muscles beneath the skin then she slid her hands down to his stomach to his belly button down to his pants unbuttoning them and pulling them open, pushing them down over his hips he let them fall down and just stepped out of them. He stood in front of her in just his boxers then he stooped down and picked her up. 

He carried her to the bed, "Stay I will be right back."

She heard the bath water begin to run and then smelt the soft scent of lavender fill the air. After about five minutes he came back into the room, with no boxers on and picked her up carrying her into the bathroom. He climbed into the tub with her and then set down settling her on top of him with the greatest of ease. They were facing each other; she could feel him hard between them. She leaned forward and began to kiss him again. Their tongues meeting mingling together. Jason brought his hands up to her breast lightly teasing the nipples to hard pebbles. He slid one hand down to rub a finger against her slit. She moaned loudly, it had been so long since they had been together that she did not think that she would last long. He slid his finger in between her nether lips and circling her hole before slipping it into her. She felt his finger stretching her a bit, her walls clinching him tightly. His thumb began to rub her clit causing her to start riding his finger. 

"I need you Jason." She whispered to him. 

He could feel that she was close so he slid his finger out of her and grabbed her hips lifting her up and guiding her onto him. He let her slid down his cock very slowly so as to not over whelm her. When she had taken him all the way inside of her he began to lift her up and let her slide down. She began to rock her hips against him causing him to bump her G-spot. She could feel the pleasure building in her; she looked into Jason's eyes and could see that he was very close to cumming also. 

She leaned forward and began to kiss him again whispering against his lip, "I love you."

"I love you also." He whispered back as they picked up speed him picking her up and sliding her back down then she would rock her hips. He felt his balls begin to churn signaling his pending orgasm. He felt the walls of her pussy begin to clinch his cock, 

Laysea threw her head back yelling, "OHHHHHHHHHHHH JASON!"

He could not hold out any longer and released hot white streams into her depths. 

As they laid together, with him still in her, he kissed the top of her head and told her, "I am so happy to have you back in my arms. Honestly, I almost fell to my knees when George said that it was Trista and not you. I know that sounds selfish but I can't help it. I am sorry my sister in law is dead but I am just as happy that it was not you hurt. Do you think that is bad of me?" he asked her.

"No, I don't think you are bad for it. I felt that way when I found out that you were alive."

Jason carried her back to the bed. He climbed in beside her and covered them both up. They slept the night in each others arms. 

The next week was a blur as they buried Trista and everyone tried to find some normalcy of what could be life. Jared never said anything to Laysea but then he never said anything to anyone. Jason kept telling her that it would be okay and to just give Jared his space and some time to deal with his grief. The next few months continued in much the same way. During the day the guys tried to plan for an attack on Mitch, and the woman went back to their shopping routine except now it was broken up with prenatal visits for Laysea. Maxie had decided that she would keep her company during the long waits for the doctor. Jason always seemed to show up at the last minute to be there for every doctor visit. 

Laysea was now 39 weeks pregnant and was very ready to meet her little boy. She and Jason had been trying to decide on a name but so far they had not been successful. She was craving fresh strawberry muffins with cream cheese crumble baked into the top of it. There was only one place that she knew she could get as many as she wanted – the bakery! So she and Maxie went to spend the morning with Mrs. Tebbs and Sally while they ate their warm muffins. They were all laughing and talking about the little boy that would soon be there. Suddenly through the door burst Mitch and Lady with a handful of guys.

"Damn I have the worst luck! Why is my life suddenly so déjà vu?" Laysea exclaimed.  "Let me guess I have to come with you and no one will get hurt?"

Mitch smiled at her, "Sort of. But instead of just you it is both of you. Now ladies."

So Maxie and Laysea both began to walk towards the door – no sense trying to fight them when it would end badly that way. 

Just as they were getting ready to walk out the door Mitch stopped them. "Oh I forgot, Lady."

Both Maxie and Laysea looked at Lady when they saw her pull a gun from under her jacket and fire two shots into Mrs. Tebbs.

"NO!" Screamed Laysea as someone grabbed her from behind trying to drag her out the door. She felt a prick in her arm and everything went black.

When Laysea woke up the next time her back was hurting and she was in a white room with no windows. The only sound was the lights overhead. Great I guess there is no shimming down the side of a house – not that I could being this big! She did not know where Maxie was or if she was okay. She began to remember what happened and began to worry how Mrs. Tebbs was doing. She said a quick prayer that she was not hurt too bad as she walked the room rubbing her back. 

The door to her cell slide open and in walked Mitch himself, "Well I must rank pretty high if you are coming to see me."

"Oh Laysea! Of course you rank high, I wanted to let you know what was going to happen so that you won't worry about it. I am going to get that husband of yours to come to get you then I will cut that brat out of you to let it slowly die, then torture you for a while then put you out of your misery then after he has witnessed that – I will kill him."

"Well thanks for thinking of me so that I don't have to worry so much – that was thoughtful. Jackass." She smarted off to him.

Mitch's face became very red, "You are trying to piss me off – big mistake. But I am going to hold off. You are not going to take away from my plan." With that he left. 

The rest of the day was eerily quiet. No one came in and no sounds filtered in. Laysea began to wonder what time it actually was. Then she started hearing something but she was not sure what the sound was... it almost sounded like someone was knocking. But how could that be – she had no door knob to open the door. She went to the door and placed her ear against it to try and get a better listen. 

It did not take Jason very long to figure out what had happened. Sally called him after she called the ambulance. She told him everything that had happened including that Mrs. Tebbs had been killed. So that is what prompted him and his team to formulate and attack on Mitch's compound. As crazy as Mitch was he always had an escape route, according to Jason's spy it was a series of tunnels that ran underneath. Two extra ways out so they split up and one group went in through one tunnel and the other went in through the second. Jason had given the order to kill on sight. He was going to make sure that Mitch was not a threat after this. As Jason walked through his tunnel he began to hear voices. It sounded like Lady was arguing with someone but he did not recognize the voice.

"Mitch is going to get us all killed because of his need to get back at Jason! What in the fuck did Jason ever do that made Mitch hate him so much that he would find some innocent girl, get her with Jason then kill them both?"

"When they were growing up Mitch's sister had a crush on Jason. Jason did not return her feeling and finally told her in no certain terms that she had no shot in hell with him. Well she did not handle rejection so well so she killed her self by taking a bunch of pills. Mitch found her and has been obsessed ever since."

"Well that is fucked up, Jason can not be held responsible for a woman who was not even mentally stable!"

"Look you need to get this straight in the little mind of yours – You work for Mitch, not Jason!" She told him.

"Well maybe I should see about changing that."

POP!

Jason looked around the corner and saw that Lady had shot the other guy.

"You do that." She told the dead guy.

"Lady, drop the gun or I will have to shot."

She stood facing away from him so he could see her silhouette in a smooth movement swung around with her gun pointing at Jason. They both fired at the same time. Lady's shot hit the wall that Jason was hiding half behind and Jason's hit her in the middle of the chest. She went down never saying another word.

The guys continued through the tunnel they came to a single entry up when they heard someone coming from the other side of the tunnel. Jason and his team hid back in the shadows of the tunnel until they saw that it was Ty and Jared followed by their team. Jason whistled their secret whistle and the other team stopped looking around for where the sound came from. 

Jason's team walked out of the shadows, "Well it does not look like he was very inventive when it came to how many exits he had. One entry to both tunnels, he must have been sure that he would be able to get out this way." Jason said to them.

"We should probably blow it then throw in a couple of grenades. Then that will allow us to enter without them waiting for us." Ty said.

"Do it." Jason replied. 

With that Jared placed the bomb onto the hatch, "Alright let's get back." Jared said. 

They all went around the corner and Jared pushed the button on the detonator setting the bomb off. Then two of the lower ranks ran forward pulling the pins from a couple of bombs throwing them into the above room. 

BOOM, BOOM, BOOM, BOOM! 

All going off in sequence giving just a couple of minutes for the smoke to rise the lower ranks climbed the ladder standing guard as the rest came up. Jason looked around the plan had worked well about 10 guys had been killed in one or more of the blast. 

Jason also began to look around noting all of the computers and monitors. "Mac?" 

Mac walked over to the console and began to look over several things, "Well good news we have disabled their security system. He must have thought that the tunnels would never be found so his system would be safe."

"What can you tell us?"

"I see Maxie – she is in a room on this floor and ... there is Laysea she seems to be on this floor also. They both look okay."

"Mitch?" Jason asked.

"I don't know I don't see him any...wait he is in his bedroom – second floor." Mac responded.

"Split up, Jared and Ty go get Maxie and Laysea, take your team with you. My team and I will go up to get Mitch. I am tired of this bastard taking what belongs to me."

With that they went out the door Jason leading a team up the stairs and Ty and Jared taking their team down the hallway. Mac stayed in the security room to offer an over head view of what was happening. As they team walked down the hall they stopped at each door and opened it ready to fire at anyone in the room. They communicated with Mac so hopefully he would be able to figure out where they had put Maxie or Laysea. "If I am right then Maxie is in the next room." Sure enough when they opened the door there was Maxie but then there was an audible click that was heard and the next three rooms blew up one after another. 

"SHIT! Mac? Please say that Laysea is still okay!" Jared screamed into the phone.

"Yeah – no she is fine!" Mac yelled back.

Everyone sighed a sigh of relief. As they walked further down the rubble hallway that had a slight turn to the right. 

"Damn the hall forks off!" Ty grumbled.

"I will take this way and you go that way." Jared told him.

"You need to take some guys with you." Ty told him.

"We only have a couple after leaving a few with Mac and giving some to Jas. Don't be an ass – I have nothing more to lose you do and she is with you." Jared said as he started walking down the hallway not looking back. After hall turned it seemed that the hall ended in just a circle area. He began to beat on the wall BOOM

He heard a noise from inside of the wall, something in him said that Laysea was in there. If that explosion came from inside she may have been hurt. 

"LAYSEA!!!" He yelled suddenly he hit a soft spot in the wall and the wall folded into it self. He ran into the room and saw a medical person cowering in the far corner. To his right he saw a place that a door had been blown apart. That is when he heard her, but not very loud. 

"JASON? JASON I AM IN HERE!"

Jason had made it upstairs and was reaching for the master bedroom door knob when he heard the three explosions downstairs. Fear seeped into him – he had to stop thinking about bad things – it was not her, he knew it. He turned the knob and threw open the door there was Mitch lying on the bed where they had seen him on the monitor. 

"Something is wrong." Jason told the guys. "Mitch?" He called out. Nothing. "You go check him out." He instructed a lower rank. 

The guy walked over to Mitch and felt him, "He is cold."

"Damn." Just then Ty walked through the room with Maxie and the rest of the guys – all except Jared, Jason noticed. "Where the hell is my brother?" "Threw a hissy fit and wanted to walk down a hall by him self." Ty replied. "You gonna turn him over?"

"Yeah, go ahead." He instructed the lower rank.

The lower rank rolled him over everyone noticed the blood stain on his crotch, "Damn someone cut his junk off!" Ty said.

"What is he holding in his hand?" Jason asked. When the lower rank tried to open his hand everyone heard the audible click followed by a Boom right below them. Jason took off running back downstairs Ty following closely behind him after he had Jerry take Maxie back to the security room. 

BOOM!!

The door flew in against her throwing her across the room. Laysea slid the door off of her and was checking herself over when she felt the first pain shoot through her belly. 

"Oh shit the baby!" She tried to calm down running through the signs that the doctor told her about. Do you feel the baby? Yes she felt a lot of movement and ... a flood of fluid. She looked at the fluid – Thanks God it was clear! But the baby was coming so Jason better hurry up and save her.

Laysea started counting so that she could have an estimate of how long the contractions were. She had noticed that she could not count as high before the next contraction came. She was starting to worry that she would end up having the baby on her own. Where the hell was everyone? 

She heard someone calling her name from a distance "LAYSEA!!!" 

"JASON? JASON I AM IN HERE!" she yelled back.

She heard a crash and stuff being shoved out of the way, suddenly there was... Jared? "Jared? Where is Jason?"

"He is tying up some loose ends. What the hell are you still doing here girl?"

"I am having the baby. I think that I am going to have him very quickly."

"Fuck – I am not a doctor. Wait – hold on I will be right back!" Then he ran out of the door. 

"Jared! Don't leave me, get back here, I need help!" "Laysea I will be right back!" he yelled from the other room. "Move it or I will kill you." He came back into the room with the same crazy doctor that had examined her the last two times she was enjoyed a stay with Mitch. "Check her and see if she can be moved." The doctor went down to between her legs. 

"She can not be moved the baby is cresting." She told him. "I need my bag out on the counter so that I can safely deliver this baby." She told him.

"Well then it looks like you will be delivering my nephew – and if you even scratch him, I will make the last part of your life so tortures that you will beg for mercy!" With that Jared walked out and came back carrying a black bag and handed it to the doctor.

"I would not hurt a baby – he is one of the few innocents in this whole damn city! Laysea I need you to push honey – do you feel like pushing?"
