 I noticed it at my very first appointment. The Dr. had a figure that wouldn't quit. I filled out the new patient form, but couldn't keep my mind off her chest. When she called me back to a patient room for my initial interview, I struggled to keep my mind on her questions. Then she read me the "all manipulations and procedures in this practice are non-sexual" statement and had me sign the consent form.

Now, multiple visits and erotic dreams later, I was in an exam room on my back on the table. She was at my head with her hands under my neck gently feeling my vertebrae. Every visit was the same. We would go back into a room alone and she would close the door. Then she would say, "We are alone here and no one will come in. You may tell me anything about your condition and it will be confidential. No one will know about it except us." I knew she was referring to my health condition, but my mind always jumped to suppressed sexual cravings - mine for her.

She always wore standard civilian clothes; none of this white smock business. And, of course, her silky blouses could scarcely contain her chest. She usually wore loose-fitting pants with a fine crease and no cuffs, and almost always half heels that clicked when she walked. Today was no exception.

She usually had multiple patients going, too. She would begin a procedure and leave the room momentarily to check on and administer to other patients. She had just returned from one of those absences and was sitting at the end of the table working on my neck.

"This is going to take some time so bear with me. I've told my other patients I would be away for a while," she told me.

"Perfect!" I thought.

She was sitting on her stool and so close to me, that in her manipulations she would occasionally, unintentionally brush her breasts against the top of my head. So firm, yet soft. I was imagining them struggling to be released from captivity. I was getting hard. I had been thinking about it and I decided to try it.

"Sandy?" I asked.

"Yes, what is it? Did I touch a sore spot?" she replied.

"No," I said with slight hesitation. "Not that."

"Well, what is it?" she asked. "You can tell me anything. I'm your doctor."

That was exactly what I wanted to hear.

"Sandy, will you take off your blouse?"

There, I said it.

"Excuse me?" she replied.

"I said, 'Will you take off your blouse?' "

"You know I can't do that. Everything here is non -"

"I know it's not sexual," I interrupted. "I don't want it to be," I tried to lie convincingly. "It's just that you are so beautiful and have such a killer body...I just want to see more of it."

"No, I can't -" she started to say. I noticed she had stopped manipulating my neck.

"Yes, you can," I interrupted again. "Just do it. We're all alone and no one will know. We're not going to have sex or anything, for crying out loud. Just unbutton your blouse and take it off."

"Well, uh..."

I had her thinking about it.

"Go ahead. Take it off," I encouraged. "Unbutton it and take it off."

She removed her hands from my neck and I heard a rustling sound. Then silence.

"Is it off?" I asked.

"Yes, but..." was the answer.

"Give it to me," I demanded.

She lifted it up over me; I reached for it, took it from her, and laid it on my chest. The scent of her body from her warm blouse wafted over me. I breathed deeply and got harder.

"O.K., keep going," I said.

"What?"

"You were manipulating my neck. Keep going," I reminded her.

"Oh, yeah," she replied, now clearly distracted.

After just a short time she said, "O.K. I have to move to the side."

I heard the stool roll back. She got up. Click, click, click. Three steps and she was beside me. I looked up and there they were, staring me in the face.

"You're beautiful," I complimented her.

"Let me feel over here," she said as she ignored me and reached over to the far side of my neck. That brought her breasts even closer to my face.

I could smell the heat from her tits.

She lifted my head up slightly and my face brushed her breasts. "Oh, sorry," she quickly said and let my head back down. "I just had to feel that one section."

"It's O.K.," I responded. "Everything is non-sexual, right?"

"Yes, of course," she agreed.

But I had other things on my mind.

Then she said, "I need to examine your x-ray again." She moved away toward the side cabinet where my file lay. She opened the file, got out the x-ray photo, went over to the wall, inserted it into the viewer, and began studying it. I got off the table, walked over, and stood behind her. A glance over her shoulder told her I was there.

"What do you see?" I asked.

"See that right there?" she pointed to the x-ray.

"Yes," I said not paying any attention to the picture.

"Well, that's a common problem that can be corrected. I just had to see -" She stopped.

I had taken her arms and moved them up so her hands were on the wall on either side of the x-ray viewer.

"Sandy," I said calmly and in a commanding voice. "Keep your hands on the wall. I'm going to take off your bra."

"No, you can't!" she protested, but she kept her hands on the wall.

"Yes, we can," I explained using the collective pronoun "we" to let her know we were in this together.

"You're not ashamed, are you?"

"No, of course not" she replied tentatively.

"No one will know except us, right?" I asked reaffirming our confidentiality.

"Yes, that's right," she said, now resigned to the fact that I was going to see her breasts.

"And we both know it's non-sexual..." I continued as I unclasped her bra and pushed the straps forward along her arms toward the wall. I lifted her right hand off the wall and slid the strap off. Then I did the same to her left arm and placed her bra on the cabinet.

She was naked from the waist up.

"Halfway there," I thought to myself. Both my heart rate and my breathing had noticeably increased.

"Keep going," I told her.

"Uh... Well, there's not much else to see. I know what I have to do," she replied.

"O.K. I guess its back on the table," I said as I backed away from her. She lowered her hands from the wall and turned around.

Perfect! They were fucking perfect! They must have been a full C cup and they stood straight out without any trace of sag. She stood there while I gazed upon two of the most beautiful sights of nature.

"Well..." she said prompting me to return to the table.

"Oh, yeah. The table," I said as I returned and lay down on my back. She came over beside me just off my right shoulder. Her nipples were like cherries on top of pyramids. She reached over me with one hand and slipped both hands under my neck. As she did so, her breasts snuggled in under my chin. I coughed.

"Does this bother you?" she asked with a slight smile.

"Ah... Yes, a little," I told the truth this time.

"Well, you started it," she reminded me. "Now hold still." She pulled my head up right into her tits as she manipulated my neck. "O.K. Once more," she said as she lowered my head and moved her right nipple directly onto my lips.

I opened my mouth and let it slip in.

Sweet heaven! I gently sucked and swirled my tongue around that generous bud. Then I opened my mouth more and felt her dip her chest as I took more of her tit into my mouth. I sucked harder and took the nipple between my teeth.

"Uhhhh..." I heard. I looked at her eyes; they were closed. I teethed the nipple some more, a little harder, then released it from my teeth and sucked hard. Then I released the suction. She rose up a little, took her hands out from under my neck, and reached over me and placed both hands on the far edge of the table with her tits directly over my face. She lowered her left tit to my mouth and I took it readily, giving it the same treatment I had given her right breast. Her eyes remained closed. "Mmmmmmmmm..." was what I heard now.

When I finished, she gently rubbed her tits all over my face.

I couldn't stop now. I had to push this as far as it would go. I swallowed hard.

"Sandy?"

"Mmmmmm...?"

"Take your pants off," I ordered with as much of an in-charge tone as I could muster.

"Oh, I can't -"

"Do it now," I interrupted in a no nonsense manner. "We're alone. Non-sexual. Remember?" I added.

"That's a bunch of crap!" she replied and she reached over to stroke my cock through my pants.

"Hand me your pants," I directed, ignoring her comment and her action, and waited until she took them off over her heels. She gave them to me.

"Now, your panties," I added. I was on a roll. "Hurry up. Give them to me."

She gave me her panties along with her scent. I almost passed out.

I couldn't see below her waist as she was too close to the table. However, the view above her waist was spectacular. I kept her going.

"Sandy, you should get up here and fuck me before we change our mind."

She looked at me and reached over and stroked my cock again. She was deciding.

"Hurry up. Take my shoes off," I helped her decide.

Click, click, click. She walked to the end of the table, untied my shoes, took them off, and dropped them on the floor. "My god! It's really going to happen," I thought. As she walked, her tits hardly moved, standing straight out, firm and proud.

"Now, unfasten my pants."

She walked back to the side of the table and unbuckled the belt on my jeans. She unbuttoned my fly, reached over with both hands and with me raising my hips, pulled my jeans and boxers down to my knees.

"Oh, my god..." she said as my cock snapped free. I was a good seven inches and nearly as broad around as her petite wrist. She reached over and grabbed my cock.

"Sandy, take my pants off," I told her.

She slowly looked back at me glassy-eyed, then walked down to the end of the table, pulled my pants and boxers off, and dropped them on the floor. She walked back to my side, never looking at me, but staring at my cock the whole time. She leaned over me and her tits pushed against my thigh. She put both hands around my rock hard cock and lowered her mouth to it. Soft, warm lips surrounded my cock.

Pretty soon I was dripping with her saliva. Her breathing was hard and ragged. Her slurping and sucking sounds filled the room.

"Sandy, get up here and fuck me," I said, my voice slightly hoarse. I was not really wanting this to stop, but knew greater things were in store.

She heard me, but finished a few more strokes trying to deep throat me as much as she could. Her tits were crushed against my leg. She raised her head and the saliva dripped from her mouth to my cock. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and swallowed hard. She looked over at me with those glassy eyes and a look of determination that told me I was about to get the fuck of my young life.

She crawled up onto the table and straddled me on her hands and knees. I raised my hands up to her sides. She lowered her tits to my mouth one at a time, then again and again. I did the best I could to ravish them while they were in my mouth and I must have done O.K., because she began to moan as I bit her nipples. I think her cunt dripped on my cock.

She reached down, grabbed my cock, and held it up as she slowly impaled herself on it.

"Oh, fuck!" she said to no one in particular. "It's been so long..."

It was like warm velvet surrounding my cock.

She rose up and sat hard on my cock. It felt like it reached up to her throat. I reached up and for the first time, placed my hands on those miracle tits. Perfect! Fucking perfect! I began to knead them and pinch her nipples as she began to rock and roll on my cock. She put her hands on mine and pushed them harder into her tits. I pinched her nipples hard. Her eyes were closed and her mouth kept saying, "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. So fucking long. So fucking good."

She leaned over without breaking rhythm, put her hand behind my head, and raised it up to her tits. I continued my frontal assault with my mouth. One hand was on her ass and with my other hand I reached between us to feel her sex. It was a river down there and she was pumping her cunt hard on my cock with full strokes. I played with her cunt lips while I bit her nipples and she kept saying, "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck."

I think I had her now...

Ten minutes later she put her hands on my shoulders and her body went rigid, then jerked spasmodically as she put her face against my chest to suppress her screams. I was still hard later when she pulled off and got off the table.

She looked at my hard, swollen cock. Then she reached over with both hands, leaned over, and started pumping it into her mouth. Five strokes later I erupted into her open mouth and onto her face. Smiling, she swallowed, wiped her face, and licked me clean.

Finally, she stood up and looked at me with those miracle tits still at attention.

"Non-sexual, huh? I'd like to see was sexual is like."

I quickly said, "Me, too. I'll give you my address and as soon as your office hours are over, I'll expect you at my place."

What the hell, I thought. I'll push it as far as I can.

"You're pretty sure of yourself, aren't you?" she replied, grinning a big grin. Then she added, "I already know your address. You're a patient, remember?" A pause, then, "I'll see you tonight after I get off work. You'd better not disappoint," she threatened.

"I won't," I said grinning myself. "Doctor's orders."