 I finished varnishing the last part of the bow, stepped back and looked to inspect my houseboat. I was satisfied with the finish and I hadn't missed any bits.

 I had bought it off an elderly gentleman earlier in the year, who had no use for it any longer and with a bit of loving care, I had restored it to an acceptable and living standard.

 I had worked hard all spring, summer and autumn, weather permitting, and now, in time for Christmas, I was ready to move into it. I had found a stretch of land and water off Crystal Lake that I had also bought with the idea I had of living out there on my boat. There was a few wooden cabins dotted around the lake and my neighbours appeared friendly enough. 

 One sexy blonde had particularly caught my eye some mornings as she sipped tea or maybe it was coffee, from a mug, while on her log house balcony overlooking the lake. On occasions, I had seen her by chance and mirrored her actions by drinking a tea on the decking. I admired her from afar. If I was more artistic, I would capture the moment forever on canvas - she dressed in a man's blue shirt, looking over the misty lake with a mug in hand deep in thought. That air of mystery and stunning sexuality would no doubt ensure the sales of such a portrait. I would own two myself, one for the houseboat and one for my place in town.

 I also owned a high rise apartment in town for business but this boat was now my special place, my home, my escape from the busy rat race. All it needed was a name.

Nothing immediately had sprung to mind but I had plenty of time and placed the plaque I would carve the name in to, on the kitchen counter. I brewed a tea and poured it into my "Mr Bump" mug. 

I walked outside on to the deck to view the lake and wooden jetty that allowed access to my boat from the land. I could also see the blonde's cabin in the distance, far enough away to see her but not to infringe on her privacy at all. 

I felt a little disappointed she was not also drinking a brew on her balcony at the same time. Maybe, I would see her tomorrow.

I had repaired the little jetty and had wood stained the walk boards and added a safety rail. I had painted it aqua and green in keeping with the forestry colours and lake. I had even erected a post box and painted it aqua as well. 

My favourite colour was indeed aqua and it had remained the colour scheme in the boat. I had used aquas, greens, blues, purples and varnished wood. The main living room, however, was white with different shades of brown wood. It looked luxurious and classy, especially with a couple of white marble figurines I had bought in the village. I had managed to erect a Christmas tree and a few decorations around the boat which gave a Christmas and welcoming feel to the place. 

Now that winter was here, the weather outside was cold. Some of the trees around the lake were bare of leaves with the exception of the abundant evergreens. The reflections of the trees and the different colour of the skies made for some spectacular stunning and beautiful views. It would be an artist's paradise here. It did make for stunning views.

The steam from my breath and tea swirled into the cold air and disappeared. It was Christmas in a couple of days and I was lucky to have got a good day to finish off the boat. I wore faded jeans, a superman T-shirt and a padded lumberjack shirt type jacket in blue and white check. I also wore tan coloured working men's boots.

I glanced over at the blonde's cabin again and hoped she would appear when suddenly a large bird flew in and landed on the railing to look at me and see what I was doing. It was a pelican I had affectionately named Percy. He was quite big and sturdy and easily reached as high as my waist.

Percy had befriended me while I had spent days lovingly working on my boat. I even bought crab meat for him and left it out. Percy liked it and had been a frequent visitor ever since. We had found a friendship of sorts in this strange cock-eyed world and sometimes, Percy would waddle and follow me around to keep me company. I even began to talk to him and the bird did seem to listen.

My tummy rumbled which reminded me it was time for dinner and I decided to eat at the local bar and grill. I had heard the food was quite good there. I packed up and switched the heating on to the timer. I was going to spend my first proper night in my new home. Tomorrow, I would go shopping and fetch all my groceries and items that made a home a home, including more crab and tuna for Percy.

I owned the red pick-up truck parked nearby and when done, I jumped into it and drove to the eatery not too far away leaving Percy to wander around and watch over my place.

I noticed the woman straight away sitting at the bar. She was drinking vodka and lime with ice and idly chatting to the bar man.

Sex appeal oozed from her. I mused whether she would look good in nothing but my handcuffs kneeling at my feet. I dismissed the thought. I was here to eat not feed my dominant tendencies.

I sat at a table and ordered a steak with the trimmings. The waitress seemed interested in getting to know me better but at the moment, I wanted to settle in. I therefore remained polite and smiled at her flirtations.

I finished my food, left a tip and took a walk to get a feel of this small town. I left my car parked at the Bar and Grill. That's when I saw it. 

In the window of one of the shops I saw a stunning framed picture of a female pirate. There was a sailing ship in swirly fog in the background. She had dark wavy hair and was dressed in typical pirate regalia with an air of mystery. 

She was a beauty and held a jewel handled sword and wore a black pirate hat but it was the feather in it that caught my eye, it was the most vivid colour of aqua. 

I knew I had to buy the picture and hang it in the lounge of my houseboat. 

Suddenly it was so obvious, I knew the name my home would take. What would be more fitting than - The Aqua Pirate, after this mystical, exciting woman in the portrait.

Luckily the shop was still open, although it was due to close in 5 minutes. I went inside. Shortly afterwards, I came out carrying my purchase under my arm, wrapped in brown paper and green and red Christmas ribbons. 

I returned to my car to find a note on his windscreen – "I saw you eating in the Bar and Grill and thought I'd give you my phone number – I hope you don't mind, nor think I am too forward." It was followed by a mobile number and an initial S. 

I smiled and thought for a moment before sending a text to the number. 

"Not forward at all, but if you come to visit me, be prepared, for I will take it you are willing to be pleasured by a Master. M V."

I chuckled and wondered if she would be intrigued or offended. Then I hopped in my car and drove home to hang up my Aqua Pirate.

The next morning was Christmas Eve. I was up bright and early. Christmas songs played on my radio and Percy was already waiting for me on the deck. I opened a tin of tuna and emptied it on a tin plate for him. I switched the kettle on as I walked outside. I was naked except for some blue lounging pants that hung on my hips and the cool air from outside caused goose bumps on my skin. 

I greeted the pelican and placed Percy's plate on the floor for him. The large bird watched me slyly before waddling over to the food. 

I glanced over at the blonde's cabin but saw no movement. I then returned inside and made some tea. I sat drinking it at the breakfast counter making a mental list of the groceries and household items I needed. 

My kitchen and lounge were open plan and "The Aqua Pirate" now hung on the wall over the fireplace. It had a length of tinsel sat on top of the frame. It caught my eye and I admired her again, pleased that I had treated myself to such a Christmas present. It suited my place.

I dressed for the cold weather and travelled into town in my red pick up to buy the items I needed. I took my time to get my bearings, grabbed a snack at lunch and made my way home.

There was a strange car parked outside The Aqua Pirate.

Waiting for me was the woman I had seen at the bar. Was she the mysterious S?

She was stunning. She had on a black top that had two slits at the front, one tantalisingly under the breasts and the other underneath that, where her solar plexus was. She wore a short sexy black skirt that made her legs seem like they went on forever, her legs bore black stockings and her feet were in a pair of gold heels that accented the gold coloured thick necklace she wore around her neck. Over that she wore a black sexy full length fur coat. It was winter after all.

I finally muttered a few words of approval about her outfit and felt my loins stir. It would almost be a shame for her to take those clothes off but if she had come to Aqua to see me after my text, it would be for sex and not romance. And I was open for that. What man wouldn't be?

She smiled at me and I grinned back. "S?" I asked her She nodded and blushed.

"You sure you want this to happen?" I asked her, unloading the groceries. She nodded again.

"Panties?" I asked getting straight to the point. She blushed and nodded again.

"Take them off. In future, if you ever come here, underwear is not allowed." She hesitated and then removed her panties. The cool air teased her.

I smiled. "Wait here, I'll be with you shortly. I need to unload and put away," I told her.

I let her wait outside while I emptied the car and unpacked the bags into his cupboards. It built the anticipation quite nicely.

When done, I invited her inside. I closed the door behind her and immediately pushed her back against it and pressed my lips to hers. I thrust my tongue into her mouth to kiss her lustily and to let her know, I meant business. This was sex, definitely not romance.

She kissed me back passionately and I worked my tongue seductively in her mouth simulating oral sex. I took my time, enjoying her and allowing her perfume to seduce my senses. She moaned and I knew she was enjoying the kiss as much as I was and that she would be compliant. 

My cock began to stiffen and I sensed she was becoming sexually excited as well. I finally broke our embrace and allowed her access into my home. 

I escorted her to sit down on the couch, took her fur coat to hang up and I fetched us both a drink, a vodka and ice for her and a whiskey for me. When I joined her and sat down, she teasingly sat on my lap and placed my drink on the nearby coffee table. She gave me a sexy little kiss, just a peck, to test her boundaries and it was her way of saying, "I want you." 

I wanted this woman that was a given. I placed my hands under her skirt, pushed her legs apart and stroked her pussy.

I was delighted that she was clean shaven. "I like that, nice and hairless. Keep it that way." I told her and began to finger fuck her, first with one finger, then with two.

With my free hand, I groped her tits, making her writhe and moan on my lap. 

"Sit on the rug on the floor," I whispered in her ear, nuzzling her hair, satisfied that she was turned on by me and very horny. "I want you to masturbate for me, while I watch you."

She moaned and reluctantly rose. She went to remove her clothes. 

I stopped her, "No. I want your top and skirt raised exposing your tits and your naughty little cunt for me. I want you to look like the sexy little slut you are."

She groaned at my words and I knew, talking to her like this turned her on even more.

She hitched her clothing up. Her tits were nice and round and her nipples were standing on end. Her hairless pussy was all moist and swollen. She was definitely a woman sexually charged and liked to be dominated.

"You naughty whore," I approved of her slutty look and leaned back on my couch drinking my whiskey, "Now wank and give me a good show!"

There was something about her that was so innocent but so fucking dirty at the same time. She turned me on incredibly. I was pretty certain, she had not masturbated in front of a man so lewdly before and yet here she was in my home, a stranger's home, on my luxurious rug on the floor with her pussy and tits exposed for me. 

The rug was of deep pile and a dark burgundy red. It perfectly complimented her black and gold outfit and her pale skin tone.

I licked my lips, devouring her arrogantly with my eyes. She was an incredible sight!

I watched her hand drift down to her pussy and the other to her breasts and she started to play with her nipples and labia. 

"Yes, that's it!" I encouraged her. 

My gaze roamed over her body and then moved down. I stared intently at her pussy lips wrapped around her fingers. 

Her heartbeat was getting faster watching him, watching her, do her slutty performance. 

She squeezed her taut nipples between her fingers, flicking at them, revelling in the tweaks of sensations that spread through her body at each teasing touch. 

She rubbed her pussy. It was soaking wet and I could smell her arousal. She then turned over, and got on all fours. She lowered her face to the deep pile rug so her ass was sticking in the air. She looked at me all doe-eyed. Her tits hung down and her pussy and buttocks were on show for me. What an incredible sight! She looked a dirty little bitch with her pussy and thighs moistened with need.

She spread her cheeks and continued to masturbate, moaning and writhing on her fingers. She was really wet now and I could hear the liquid sounds in her movements. 

I smiled. The little slut was enjoying this and performing wonderfully for me. She looked so hot and my cock was pulsing to take her, but not yet. 

First I wanted to see her at her most vulnerable. First I wanted to see her cum for me on board The Aqua Pirate.

She looked so hot bent over, her curvy ass high in the air. She pulled her ass apart to show me her sexy little star. I could not resist, I moved forward, parted her cheeks and spit on that puckered spot.

That gesture excited her for she moaned in approval, secreted more female juice and rubbed her pussy harder. I recognised she was turned on by the slightly degrading treatment and the humiliated and embarrassed feelings that came with it.

"Oh you like that do you?" I asked already knowing the answer. "Yes," she murmured. "Yes what?" I corrected her, squeezing her ass as a warning. "Yes Sir." She responded.

"Good slut. Say it, tell me what you like." I told her, wanting her to feel that burn of embarrassment.

"Sir, I like you spitting on me," she told me. She stuttered a little over her admission and swallowed nervously.

"Where do you like me to spit on you?" I wanted more, her full admission and to feel the slight humiliation of the degrading act.

"Sir, I like you to spit on my ass hole." She was blushing in her bent over state but her pussy was showing signs of even more wet lust.

"Where else do you want me to spit on you?" I pushed her for more, feeling her nervous but excited apprehension.

"On my slutty cunt Sir. I want you to spit there and would like you spitting on my tits Sir." She blushed.

I spit on her ass and pussy again and she moaned and rubbed it in with her pussy juices. "I'm going to cum Sir," she gasped.

"Good. Do it." I commanded and watched her cry out in her ecstasy. I saw her body shake and tremble before collapsing on the rug. She was breathing hard.

Using one hand, I pushed two fingers in to her pussy and two in to her anus. 

I felt the wet heat and spasms of her excitement. I gave each ass cheek, three testing spanks with a pause in between. Each spank jiggled her cheeks and was amazingly loud in the boat. 

As soon as she felt the sharp sting and burn, she felt the heat start to sink right into her pussy and radiate out through her body. Her cheeks glowed red and added to the aftershock sensations she felt by my probing fingers. 

She moaned softly at each orgasmic aftershock. It wasn't just the pain of the spanks that made her squirm in need, although that small amount of pain was pleasant. It was the indignity and helplessness that got her, my sheer arrogance and air of superiority. 

I was depersonalising her, turning her into my underling, a sexual plaything, and as the sting of my slaps sunk down into her pussy and caused her muscles to clench and her clitoris to throb, her will for more just expanded. 

She surrendered to me and became my fuck toy, my personal pussy, my eager slut. She no longer wanted to be anything else.

"Beautiful," I said softly. I knew she was mine. "You are a naughty girl coming here to a stranger's home, showing your tits, ass and cunt and behaving like a slut. Tell me what you are?"

She swallowed and blushed more. "I'm a naughty girl Sir."

"Yes you are," I continued to draw on what I had learnt from her, bringing out her hidden secrets and to acknowledge her liking of shallow degradation and humiliation. "And now you've climaxed on my floor. What does that make you?" All the time, I finger fucked her holes.

"I'm a slut Sir," She moaned, fucking back on my wonderful fingers.

"Yes you are. Look back at your behaviour and look at you now! You are fucking my hand by yourself." I teased and chided her more. 

She moaned as her pussy became wetter and wetter. I watched delighted as her body rocked to and fro on my now stationary hand.

"Good Slut", I told her after a while. "Now, I'm going to give you what you need, I'm going to fuck you."

I grabbed a handful of her hair and tugged gently to turn her round to face me, and said, "Open your mouth." 

She complied with my order and parted her lips. The tip of my cock pushed into her face. I did not allow her head to move. I held her in place as I pushed my hips forward. My cock shoved deep into her mouth and came to rest in the back of her throat. She gagged a little before I let off. 

I withdrew only a little, before I moved forward again. Then I slowly began pumping my hips into her face. Her mouth stretched. She felt spit building around my big cock. It filled her mouth and she drooled from the corners.

I continued to fuck her face for a while. She had a lovely wet, warm and inviting mouth. It felt good around my cock. I felt precum build in my tubes and I fed her some as it dribbled from the tip. She drank it thirstily. 

When I was satisfied, I had stretched and male scented her mouth, I pulled away from her head, fighting a little for self-control. "Turn around and get on all fours." I told her.

She did not hesitate to get into position. She wanted me badly.

She got on her hands and knees. Her forehead hit the floor like before and I looked down on her body. She looked spectacular. 

I decided to spank her again. A loud slap filled the room just before the sharp sting set into her buttocks. Like before it fuelled her pussy to secrete more of her desire. The stockings she wore provided no protection against the whacks on her skin. She could feel her bottom turning red. 

Then I spanked her again, only harder and on the opposite side. The sizzling sensations sent shivers up her spine and back again before I softly rubbed at her skin to sooth the ache. Again my spanks radiated to her pussy. She was swollen and throbbing.

"Open up for me," I commanded.

She spread her knees as far apart as she could. Her inner thighs burned at the sensation of her muscles being stretched so far apart. Then she heard a bottle of lube pop open and she felt a cold rush of oozing liquid cover her hole, together with more of my spit.

I let the lube drip on her before pushing my finger into her ass. Then I used the flat part of my thumb to push more lube and spit into her ass hole. She could feel the slick liquid building inside of her ass.

"I'm going to fuck your ass, Is that a problem?" I checked with her.

She shook her head, wanting me so badly.
