 "Miss Landry, I need you to have Alan Parks come to my office." Leslie Harper said as she pressed the intercom button. 

"Right away Ms. Harper" she slightly slurred. 

Leslie sat looking out the large window by her desk, holding an envelope in her hand. She could hear the merriment and laughter from the party going on in the outer office. She knew that as usual, most of the employees would be drinking Mary Cooper's alcohol laden egg nog and having a wonderful time. She knew this was her big chance. Her heart raced as she thought about what she was about to do. It was now or never, she told herself. The door opened slowly as Alan peeked in. 

"You wanted to see me Ms. Harper?" he said as he stepped inside.

"Close the door and have a seat please. " She said, her chair still turned away from the door.

Leslie turned around in the chair slowly as she heard the door close. She took a deep breath before she rose from the chair, clutching the envelope tightly in her hand. Alan sat there looking utterly shocked as his stunningly beautiful boss moved around to the front of her desk wearing only a sheer red negligee trimmed in white marabou with matching panties, red stilettos and a santa hat. 

"Now Alan, it is a tradition here at Revcorp that every year the employee with the best record gets a bonus." She purred as she hopped up on the desk. She crossed her long, shapely legs, letting him catch a better view of her panties as she did so. "That's why I called you in here today." She paused, tracing the corner of the envelope along the neckline of the negligee. "So here it is"

"Ms. Harper, I . . . " 

"Call me Leslie," she said as she slid off the desk and moved toward him. 

"Leslie, I have to say, I am really flattered, but, I'm . . . "

"Shhhh," she said, pressing her finger to his lips as she straddled his lap, lowering herself onto it gently. "It's time for your . . . bonus."

Leslie quickly pressed her lips to his, her bosom pressed firmly against his chest. At first he tried to resist, but the smell of her sweet perfume, and the heat of her body as it began to grind against his quickly word down his resolve. His hands moved to her hips, holding them gently as his tongue slipped past her lips. The kiss rapidly became more passionate as he gave in to the lusts that were now consuming them both. 

Alan had found himself thinking about his voluptuous boss many times, but never would think of betraying his wife. The egg nog had helped to lower his inhibitions just enough to ease his conscience's grip over him and let him enjoy the treat this beautiful woman was giving him. His fingers traveled slowly up her spine as his tongue probed her mouth, tasting a hint of the cappuccino she had been drinking.

Leslie's hips moved slowly as she felt the bulge in Alan's pants growing with each movement. She knew she had to have that cock deep inside her, but first she wanted a taste. She broke the kiss, staring into his eyes as a wicked smile crossed her lips. Without saying a word, she stood up, and knelt down in front of him. Alan watched tentatively for a moment as she reached for his zipper. 

As she slowly unzipped his pants, Alan reached down, unbuttoning them and lifting his hips as he allowed her to slide his pants and boxer briefs down. His rigid 9 inch shaft bobbed in front of her face as it was released from the fabric that held it captive. The tip glistened as a tiny bit of precum leaked from his little slit. 

Leslie's bright green eyes focused on his as she wrapped her long, slender fingers around the base of his shaft and leaned in. The tip of her tongue slowly lapped up the delicious liquid and swirled over the smooth skin again before she parted her lips. The head of his cock disappeared into her hot mouth as she lightly began to suck. Her tongue never stopped lavishing attention on his the bulbous tip, covering every inch of it over and over again. 

Alan groaned as he watched her feed his cock into her mouth inch by inch. Her curled, tracing along the veiny underside of his shaft as her lips worked up and down it teasingly. His fingers languidly played with her hair as she continued to suck. Leslie tilted her head slightly, allowing the head of his cock to slip into her throat as she took it all in. 

He was having a hard time controlling himself as this amazingly hot woman devoured his throbbing shaft. The entire time he kept thinking about how incredible it would feel to have her wet little cunt wrapped around his dick as well. He continued to moan as she skillfully manipulated his throbbing shaft with her lips. 

"Stop" he whispered as he gently pushed her away. 

Leslie looked up at him with a disappointed frown. Alan kicked off his shoes and began to unbutton his shirt as he stepped out of his pants. The frown quickly disappeared as she realized he was only stopping her to keep from cumming. He extended his hand, helping her to her feet. He took the santa hat from her head and tossed it aside as he stared into her eyes. She trembled with anticipation as he brushed her long crimson tresses over her shoulder to expose the delicate curve of her neck.

She shivered as she felt Alan's breath against her skin as he leaned in to kiss her neck. The feel of his gentle kisses made her juices seep from between her thick pink pussy lips. His hands roamed, caressing her body as he continued to tease the soft skin along where her shoulder met her neck. Leslie bit her lower lip as his strong hands cupped her breasts, giving them a gentle squeeze before his fingers moved to the thin straps holding up the negligee.

Alan slowly pushed the straps down as he kissed up toward her earlobe, catching it between his lips and sucking it lightly as he nips at it. His hands move back down, finding her breasts once again as he massages them. The faint scent of her sex fills the air as he continues to work her into a lustful frenzy. His thumb strummed over her hardened nipple for a moment before sliding down her flat stomach. Leslie moaned softly as he began to push her panties down, letting them fall down around her ankles. She quickly stepped out of them.

He slowly backed her up toward the desk, until the backs of her thighs rested against its edge. He placed his hands on her hips, lifting her up to sit on the edge of the desk. Alan stepped between her legs, letting the tip of his cock rub against her drooling pussy. Before he entered her, he craved a taste of her sweetness. 

He knelt down in front of Leslie, spreading her legs widely as her ass slid to the edge of the desk. Before she could even say a word, he buried his tongue deep inside her hot little hole, lapping at her honeyed juices. She gripped the edges of the desk tightly as her hips rocked ever so slightly. Alan's talented tongue had her past the point of no return. Her thighs trembled as the sensation swept through her body, making her shudder as she came hard. His tongue was drenched in her liquid lust as he continued to stab his tongue deep inside her convulsing pussy.

As her orgasm slowly subsided, Alan slid his tongue out of her dripping wet hole, giving her clit a tender lick. She shivered, still coming down from the glorious orgasm he had just given her. As he stood up, she pulled him toward her, her lips seeking out his for another passionate kiss. Leslie's tongue forced into his mouth, tasting herself on his lips and tongue as they kissed. 

The tip of Alan's cock rubbed against her lips, teasing her even more before she reached down and guided his throbbing cock into her aching pussy. They both moaned as they broke the kiss as he sunk deep inside her. Her legs wrapped around his waist, pulling him into her harder as the two engaged in another passionate kiss. 

His thrusts became harder and faster as Leslie's hips moved to meet his every thrust. The two lovers continued to moan into the kiss as their bodies collided, tangled in a passionate embrace. They were so enthralled in the act that neither of them noticed the door opening slightly and closing again. 

It didn't take long for the intensity of their desires to become too much for them to hold back. Alan could feel the cum boiling in his balls as he tried to refrain from cumming inside her just yet. Each deeply penetrating thrust bringing her closer to climaxing around his throbbing cock. Leslie wrapped her arms around Alan's neck as she felt her resolve weakening. Her muscles clenched tightly around his thick cock as her juices baptized it.

That was all it took to quickly send Alan over the edge. He could feel the thick hot cum quickly shooting up through his cock and emptying into her warm wetness. Her muscles grip him tightly, milking every drop from his pulsing cock. Leslie clung tightly to him as her body trembled, going limp after the massive orgasm. 

The two panted softly as they came down from their orgasmic high, staring at each other quietly. Neither of them said a word afterwards as they dressed, just smiled softly at each other, knowing that it would happen again if the chance presented itself. It wasn't until Alan was about to walk out of her office that anything was said.

"Merry Christmas, Ms. Harper" he said with a wink as he opened the door. 

As Leslie stood there, watching him walk out the door, she could feel the thick cum dribbling out of her well fucked cunt. She smiled as she dipped her fingers into the warm fluid, gathering a bit up and bringing it to her mouth. She knew she had to clean the rest up before she left or she would have a stain on her skirt. So off to the restroom she went. 

The party was winding down as the few stragglers that were left began to file out. Leslie's body felt drained as she made her way to the restroom. She peeked into each of the stalls, making sure she was alone before moving to the sink. She carefully rested one foot on the sink as she hiked her skirt up. Wetting a handful of paper towels, she began to wipe away the cum that was leaking out. 

Silently the door opened, as a figure crept in. Leslie looked up as she caught a glimpse of something in the mirror, realizing quickly that it was Ellen Landry. A look of embarrassment quickly spread over Leslie's face as she stood there, still clutching the wad of wet paper towels with her foot still on the sink counter. Ellen just smiled, holding something behind her back.

"I . . ." Leslie stammered trying to think of an excuse.

"Ms. Harper, I know what happened." She said quietly.

Leslie looked at her in disbelief. The thoughts of blackmail quickly filled her head before Ellen's voice broke through them all.

"Don't worry Ms. Harper. I am not here to threaten you in any way. I just wanted to ask you for something." She said with a sultry smile.

"What is it you want Miss Landry?" Leslie said in an uneasy tone.

Without saying a word, Ellen moved closer, putting the santa hat on her boss's head. Leslie just stood there looking dumbfounded as the girl stepped in closer, putting two fingers to the entry of Leslie's pussy and sliding them in slowly. Her eyes widened as she stared into her secretary's eyes. The feel of the two slender digits sliding into her velvety folds surprised her. She had never thought about another woman in that way before, but the tenderness in Ellen's touch was having a definite effect on her. 

Very slowly, the two invading fingers slid out, as Ellen lifted them to her mouth. Leslie watched in awe as the girl's tongue swiped over the glistening skin, tasting the sweet liquids. Her mouth felt dry as the overwhelming urge to kiss her rushed through Leslie's mind. She could not understand what was coming over her.

"Mmm even sweeter than I imagined." She purred. "Why don't you hop up on the counter and let me clean the rest up for you?"

Leslie just nodded and hopped up on the edge of the counter, her skirt riding up around her upper thighs. Her heart raced as she sat there looking at the young woman standing before her. Ellen quickly knelt down in front of Leslie, running her fingers over her boss's inner thigh as she looked up at her adoringly. The feel of her hot breath against the tender pink flesh made Leslie shiver.

Soon the feel of that velvety soft tongue dipping into her juicy hole was all she could think about. Languidly, it pushed in deep as possible, causing Ellen's nose to rub up against the tiny love button. Leslie gripped the counter, moaning loudly as the tongue continued to probe her wetness. It did not take long for the talented secretary to have her moaning in delight as she sped toward climax. 

Ellen loved how sexy her boss looked sitting there with her legs splayed, her large firm breasts bouncing as she drew in every heated breath, and the incredibly sexy look of sheer ecstacy on her face. The soft gasps and moans were guiding her, urging her on to continue the delicious task. Suddenly, she felt the muscles that surrounded her tongue begin to spasm quickly as a flood of womanly essence rushed into her mouth.

Hungrily, Ellen lapped up every bit of the juices as they spilled out. Leslie cried out as she shuddered and shook. Each movement made Ellen's nose brush against her clit even more, prolonging the incredible sensation to the point of near exhaustion. It was the most intense orgasm that Leslie had ever experienced, and now, more than ever, she wanted to taste herself on her lover's lips and tongue. 

Gently she pulled Ellen up and pressed her lips against the girls. Tongues tangled and soft moans and sighs were exchanged as the two kissed deeply. The taste of sweet lust clung to Ellen's tongue as Leslie lightly sucked it. Their bodies pressed hard against each other, their breasts rubbing tenderly against one another's. Finally the kiss was broken.

"That was incredible." Leslie purred as she stared into Ellen's eyes. 

"Thank You Ms. Harper." Ellen answered as she blushed.

"Now I think maybe you and I should go grab some dinner at Pierre's and discuss how I shall repay you for your . . . help" she said with a wink as she slid off the counter. With that, she walked out of the bathroom and headed back to her office thinking to herself this was the best Christmas party ever.