 She got out of the car outside of 'The Chicago Rock Cafe', where she was meeting her 'friends', she cheerfully said goodbye to her husband and gaily said 'don't wait up!' before making her way inside.  The place was fairly quiet as it was still early, a group of men obviously out on a stag night were standing at the bar with a blow up rubber doll.....she smiled at them and one of them smiled back at her as she ordered a small glass of wine.  She looked at the clock, 6.45pm, time for the drink and to steady her nerves.  She took her drink to a table by the window and sat watching the evening revelers making their way to the UCI  cinema, Hollywood bowl and the various restaurants. 

6.55pm.........she finished her wine and made her way to the ladies where she looked in the mirror, checked her hair and make up and decided it was time for the short walk past the lake to The Quays, she didn't like being late, it would only be a few minutes past 7pm when she arrived.  It was chilly as she walked, she hoped her nose wasn't getting red, she actually felt quite relaxed now, the glass of wine helping, she wondered if he would be sitting where he could see her enter without her seeing him, or if he would be at the bar......she hoped it was the latter.  The Quays came into view, the lights from inside welcoming , she stood outside for a few moments looking at the bar through the windows, but she didn't spot anyone likely to be him.......she tidied her hair with her fingers, took a deep breath thought 'here goes!' and went in through the door.

Her eyes scanned the bar from left to right, the place was quite busy being the Christmas Party Season, she had come here last year with her work friends, then she saw him off to the left, smiled and went towards him, he was standing at the bar nursing a glass of wine.

'Hi!' she said smiling at him,' hi yourself!' he replied kissing her on her cheek, his hands on her shoulders, she felt a little flustered but tried not to show it.  'Drink?' He asked  ' same as you!' she said.  She studied him as he turned to the bar to place the order, 'well he seems quite cool!'  She thought,' wonder if he feels the same inside?'  Drinks ordered he asked her if she would like to sit down, so they managed to find a reasonably quiet corner table.

She asked him how the journey was and if his meeting had been successful, the small talk necessary to relax them both, she thought she was talking a little too fast and too brightly.............nerves she thought, get a grip girl!  Halfway through the drink she felt more comfortable, he seemed relaxed too, well at least he didn't look like he wanted to escape which must be a good sign!  By the time they had their second drink she felt much more confident, and decided to take the conversation up a level saying that she had been looking forward to meeting him and now she was here she was glad that they had met at last. He smiled at her in agreement........'yes, I think he likes me!' She thought, she certainly liked him anyway, as she knew she would.  

It was 8pm now, time for dinner, she had decided on Frankie and Benny's as the atmosphere was good and they played all the old songs they would both like.........it was a bit risky going there as she might meet someone she knew, but she was prepared to bluff if she did.  As they walked back the way she had come they talked about the area and things in general, it seemed to be going well so far. 

Dinner was a great success, they sang along to the tunes, had a nice if unsophisticated meal, shared a bottle of wine, even flirted a little.. ......  he dropped in a few 'Aramis and Eleni' gags which caused her to blush a little. When she got up to visit the ladies she could feel his eyes on her .............'I wonder if he fancies me?' She thought............'I wonder if he wonders if I fancy him!!!!!!!! ' She giggled to herself.....'well we will both find out before long'.  She studied her self in the mirror, reapplied her lipstick, and told herself he should consider himself lucky to be with her!  A confidence building trick she used which helped her when she was feeling a little unsure of herself. 

They left at 10.pm, as they walked back past the Chicago Rock, she said 'Come on! I'll show you Essex Girls having fun!'.  'Ok'! he laughed,  as she took his arm and led him inside.  The bar was busy but she headed straight for it, and insisted on buying him a nightcap. She choose baileys while he decided on a brandy.  The place was full of diners and singles on the lookout, the dance floor was awash with dancers having fun as the video screen played to the beat of the music.  They made their way through the thong to the edge of the dance floor.  Then came a slow dance..........'Always and forever'....... she couldn't remember who sang it, but it had featured in a text message he had sent her some time ago.  She gave him a knowing little smile, and putting her drink down on the nearest table she took his hand and led him onto the floor.  

They each put an arm around one anothers waist and he held her hand against his shoulder. As they found one anothers rhythm he pulled her closer, she tightened her arm around him, his mouth against her hair, she turned her head slightly against his cheek then pulled back slightly, he pulled back at the same time, looked her in the eyes then bent and softly brushed her lips with his before looking at her once more and then again he pulled her tightly to him, they held eachother with both arms now..........she now realised the outcome was inevitable. She smiled to herself as the dance ended  and he took her hand and led her back to the table where they had left their drinks.  'I haven't danced like that for an age' he said, 'nor me' she replied , 'shall we go?' He asked her, she nodded her agreement and he led her out into the cold December night.

They walked back alongside the lake his arm around her shoulder, hers around his waist in companionable silence, it was still only 10.35 pm  She wondered if he would take her back to the Quays bar or to his room?  Would he ask her what she wanted to do or take the lead? As the pub came into view once more he stopped and turned her towards him, she caught her breath as he brushed her hair away from her face and tilted her chin upwards towards his face, as he kissed her softly again she  wrapped her arms around his neck, knowing that he was seeking an answer to his unasked question through her response. She parted her lips for him, her tongue tentatively seeking his, they stood there as the kiss deepened,  both their passions beginning to rise......they broke away both slightly breathless as they both, by unspoken agreement made their way towards his room. 

To be cont'd /..............