 And so the story begins on one of the wildest nights of my life..

A Christmas party was held at a historical building, for the entire motley crew of hotel employees; food and beverage, housekeeping, front desk, sales, and maintenance. I must say I was quite stoked for said party, but had no idea what would befall later that night..

It started rather simple, we gathered, mingled, drank various alcoholic beverages, and talked of everything except work. I happened to dress up nicely after hearing some of the ladies going out in dresses and skirts. Not that I expected anything of the sort, mind you, merely to impress them with my attire, but nevertheless. The evening went on in the middle of winter in Colorado, after a most scrumptious dinner, we then had more drinks and danced to various music. My boss of the hotel, a lovely older woman, Bess, insisted on dancing with only me. Although I preferred slow-dancing, she had me join in on making moves I never knew I had to other songs I never really liked. All the same, she seemed quite charmed and taken with me. During a few of the slower songs whilst we danced, she came close to me, and I tried to refrain from pressing my growing hard-on against my boss. I didn't want to say anything so as to not promote any confusion between being personal and professional, and yet there she was, leaning against me and my rock hard cock the entire duration of the songs we danced to.

About Bess, she is a stunning woman for her age; 5'9", lovely figure, wore a gorgeous strapless black dress down to her knees, fairly short blond hair, and stunningly beautiful blue eyes. Also she is very much married to a successful husband, which was why I never instigated anything further than dancing with her as her significant other was working and could not attend the party. 

After the party was over, several of us went to the local bar at midnight to have some drinks, to keep the party going so to speak. I know I was quite hammered after six shots of Jack within an hour, and I watched Bess have two glasses of Chardonnay, along with some Jager Bombs, so she must have been equally as drunk as I. After last call, she offered me a ride home, which I humbly accepted despite my capabilities of walking home just seven blocks away. 

Thus she drove me home, rather well despite her condition, and eluded 'John Law' nicely. She looked rather exhausted upon dropping me off, so the gentleman that I was, I offered her to stay at my place to sit down and relax for a while. No further intentions from my end, yet upon looking back on it, Bess seemed to have had other plans....

We went to my little apartment, where she had to use the bathroom, while I took a bottle of alcoholic egg nog from the freezer, and began to sip on it.I sat down at a chair in the living room when Bess returned from the bathroom, she shook her little finger at me and said, "Tsk, tsk. You know better than to not provide for the lady.."

So, with a nod and a humble apology, I handed the bottle to her, where she gulped on it for five or six seconds, while I watched rather wide-eyed at her steadfastness for drinking. She then exhaled with satisfaction before sitting down at another chair across from me, a small coffee table separating us. Some time and silence passed before I began to ask her how early she had to be at work the next morning, but she leaned across the narrow table, and proceeded to stroke my thigh. She asked me, "How long has it been for you?"

"Um..Uh..Wh-What do you mean, Bess..?" I blinked and nearly tensed from her touch, dumbfounded by how her inquiry came from nowhere.

"Oh come on..You know.." she added, while her hand flattens and caresses my groin, a sultry grin across her face.

I soon came to realize what she meant, although I didn't know if she was aware of what she was asking me considering how drunk she was. All the same, I obliged her rather nervously, "Um, Almost three years now." She suddenly gasped in response before she said calmly to me with a coo,

"Oh. I'm sorry..That must have been terrible for you." She looks up to me, while stroking my now rock hard dick through my slacks, I simply gulp and nod to her,

"Uh-huh..It..It is indeed, Bess.."

Immediately, she stood from her chair and moved over to straddle me over my lap, her dress hiked up so I could see most of her thighs and I felt pressure against my cock from underneath her. She simply ground down against me, made me groan quietly as if on cue, and my eyes closed from the thrill of pleasure of my own boss as sensual as she is. I somehow murmured from within my conscience and out of my mouth, 

"But..What about...."

She cut me off with a deep and passionate kiss, and left me breathless and forgetful of what I was about to ask her, then she replied to remind me after our lips broke contact of the hot kiss,

"What my husband, and the rest of the staff don't know, won't hurt them..Right?"

I nodded once more, and thought of protesting once more while she undid the few buttons of my suit and undershirt, of how wrong this situation is...And yet, how much she wanted this..Evidently, even from my drunken state, I came to the conclusion that she's not satisfied with her husband. So, once again, like the gentleman that I was, I obliged my boss to whatever she wished, even while she leaned in to whisper huskily in my ear, 

"Mm..I can feel it against me," she emphasized her words with another grind of her hips down against mine before she resumed with, "You want it just as bad as I do, yes? I've watched you looking at me all night long, so don't deny it.."

I groaned deeply from her words along with her hot body straddled on mine while I sat on the chair. I admit that glanced toward her countless times during the course of the evening, and to have her acknowledge it and call me out on it made me more aroused for her.

My hands found their way to the back of her dress, and unzipped it slowly while my head leaned in to her cleavage. She cradled my head with her arms and I heard her coo softly while the upper part of her dress loosens, freed her breasts from confinement and allowed me to tilt in further, to kiss and suckle on her nipples. My hands then lowered themselves to grip her firm ass with a squeeze, and felt her shiver against me along with a cry of surprise against my ear,

"Ahh! Oh my. I see you need it, not just want it, don't you?"

Right then and there, I dropped all my inhibitions and mentally said to myself, 'Fuck it..', before I effortlessly stood from the chair with her in my arms and took her to the bedroom. After I entered, I gently set her down on the bed and proceeded to finish taking my shirt off where she left off. My eyes gazed down to Bess, and watched her look up to me sensually while she kicked her heels off against the bedroom wall and she proceeded to slip her dress down slowly. I gradually froze upon seeing her nude form coming into view, nice sized tits followed by a gorgeous hourglass figure of her hips. She then raised her hips to remove her dress completely, revealing her beautiful slender legs covered in pantyhose. My eyes grew wide as she briefly opened her legs to tease me, but I saw her neatly trimmed pussy dripping with arousal before she closed her legs once more and beckoned me with a finger curl while she said, "Come here..I'll take care of you.."

I took a deep breath, still not fully believing this was happening, then I leaned down to untie my shoes and took them off before unbuttoning my pants to remove those immediately afterward. Once I was done undressing, I looked to Bess while she still teased me with her arms over her breasts, her legs rubbed together, and she bit her lip lightly. My eyes trailed over the beauty on my bed as I slowly approached her, like an animal about to claim it's mate. As I got on the bed and crawled to her, she slowly opened her legs for me as I poised myself over her form while she lay on her back. All I could hear was her husky breathing and my heart pounding in a thrilling anticipation of what is to come in mere moments. I blinked once as rational thinking interrupted me, then Bess noticed and inquired softly with her hand on my cheek, "What's the matter?"

With a deep breath, I responded after a quiet sigh, "I..I don't have any condoms."

"It's okay. Just go with it," Bess reassured me with a tender smile while I felt her legs raise up to wrap them around my waist, and brought my hips down close to hers. I leaned in for another kiss while our bodies embraced and held close to one another. Our hot, aroused crotches rubbed and ground together, her wet secretions moistened the shaft of my hard member as the kiss deepened between us. Tongues danced, hot breath and saliva exchanged along with our passions.

Once I positioned myself at her entrance, our kiss broke as we gazed into each others eyes, and slowly I began to ease my cock past her folds into the tightening walls of her pussy. We both gasped simultaneously as I filled her depths with the full length of my shaft, the tip kissed her cervix and the entrance to her womb. The both of us remained still like this for a moment, her arms wrap around my neck while I held her under her shoulders. Soon I began with withdraw before moving forward again, her hips raised to meet mine. Soft moans escaped our lips as we continued the motions of our hips in a slow manner. I very much enjoyed to be inside a woman after so long, and to be making love to this woman, my boss of all people, was insane and glorious at the same time. We simply held each other, making love and moving slowly, exchanging sensual kisses every few moments. After what felt like forever, I heard Bess moan into my ear, "Mm..I want you to fuck me now.."

With a grin I gave a sharp, but full thrust inside her pussy, and added a tilt of my hips up so the base of my cock pinched her clit. She gasped in response and arched her back to me. I moved an arm underneath her lower back to keep her close to me while I move back, only to thrust harder again into her. My head leaned down and captured her left nipple with my lips. Her fingers ran through my hair after I suckled and nipped her erect aureola. The blissful look on her face was inspirational to me, obliged to give her more pleasure. I gently bit down at her nipple while my hips began to pick up the pace. Her moans grew in volume and intensity as my cock invaded her pussy with each plunge into her hot, wet depths. 

"Ohh god! So good..So big..!"

My lips couldn't resist a triumphant smirk before my head tilted to her other breast, giving her right nipple similar attention to the previous one. Bess held me tightly by her arms around my head along with her legs about my waist, and she began to squeak and cry, a foolproof sign of her inevitable orgasm. I start to pound my thick shaft into her, our groins slapped within our romantic missionary embrace from each movement of our hips.

"Yes! Yes! I'm going to cum! Like that! Yes!! Oh...!!"

She tensed underneath me and her inner walls tightened around my dick, milked it in attempt to gain my seed. With a loud cry, she shuddered in orgasm, my cock still thrusting fully into her contracting pussy. My groans became grunts as my orgasm began after hers fades into smaller, but continual orgasms.

"Oh god..! Bess, I'm about to cum soon myself..I have to pull out!"

"No! Please cum inside me..I want it! Please!" Her legs tightened around me to make sure I wasn't going anywhere, while her hot breath and her sensual pleas rang in my ears. I felt my cum boil from within my testicles as the thought of filling her up with my semen drove me wild and hot. My grip on her shoulders and lower back tightened as my cock thrusts mercilessly into her. Our sounds of passion escalated along with our movements while my orgasm drew ever closer.

"I'm cumming!"

"Give it to me! Yes! Fill me up!" With one last thrust and a deep, primal roar, I bottomed out inside her pussy. She screamed in another orgasm while I joined her, my hot fluids shoot in volleys from the tip of my cock against her cervix. The both of us shuddered while my seed filled her womb, and I saw stars for the remainder of our simultaneous orgasm. 

I soon collapsed against her when I finished bathing the insides of her pussy with my cum, and we simply held each other. I began to catch my breath while Bess moaned and cooed softly against my ear. I knew we were both satisfied while we basked in the afterglow of the romance we had just shared, despite how wrong society deemed it to be with her being married along with her as my boss. We simply didn't care of anything else at this point in time, except the two of us. Once our breathing settled, I eased off of her and we laid on our sides. I held her close to me, both of us hummed quietly in content before we drifted to sleep....

The next morning, I woke up alone. Immediately, I somehow thought last night was a dream. The Christmas party, the dancing, drinking, and Bess..There didn't seem to be any indication that she was here right off hand, but...Wait..Her scent lingered on my bed from where she slept. I smiled to myself with a chuckle and laid on my back, looking up at the ceiling.

"Wow..That was the best Christmas party.."

---------------------------------

Well, there it is, my first story..Let me know what you guys think of it, constructive criticism is more than welcome, along with praises, comments, and advice. If "Writer's Block" doesn't get to me too bad, I'll write some more stories indefinitely, but until then thanks for reading, and Merry Christmas to all!