 Note to readers:

The Chronicles of Bliss is a series of journal entries written by Kelly Kavanagh about her alter-ego, a self-proclaimed superslut named Bliss. 

It's highly recommended that the reader enjoy The Chronicles in order and from the beginning.

In the first entry, The Origin of Bliss, Kelly explains how she got the nickname and why she uses it to highlight the contrast between her unremarkable life as Kelly and her unbridled existence as Bliss.

Kelly is not schizophrenic. Bliss is just a tongue-in-cheek nickname that she uses to help define herself. She does it that way simply because she enjoys it.

She's a modern-day Mary Poppins of naughtyness and all of us are her darlings.

Any and all constructive feedback is highly appreciated.

I hope you enjoy Bliss as much as I do.

Thanks for reading!

*****************************

I don't love the gym but I love coming home from the gym. I spent almost an hour on the treadmill thinking about this journal. I wish I was smart enough to begin writing these things down years ago. I'd love to read the entry my younger self might have written the day my slightly heroic and slutty side was named Bliss.

I've decided I'm going to go ahead and occasionally write about Bliss as if she were another person. I'm talking about the way Bruce Wayne and his butler would talk about Batman. They both knew Bruce was Batman and I know I am Bliss. It's just a journal and I guess it'll be a mash up. Kelly is Bliss and Bliss is Kelly. ; )

I've also decided not to worry about starting from the beginning and covering every detail of my life. I might want to write about the past at times but I prefer the here-and-now thing. 

My sore ass and legs are reminding me that I need to go to the gym more often and I'm all about that ass. It's dance and yoga classes, squats, lunges, and the treadmills for me. The weight room could burn down and I'd never know.

I'm blaming the gym but the truth is that my sore ass (and legs) probably have more to do with yesterday's workout than today's.

Yesterday I was Katy, the event planner, and I was Bliss, as always. 

My usual routine is to leave a wedding I've planned right after the bride has made it up the aisle without tripping over her shoes. Once they're all lined up at the altar my time is much better spent on preparations at the reception site.

As I drove away from the church yesterday I couldn't get the fifth groomsman out of my head. He stood in line wearing the same tuxedo as the others but he stuck out like a nun at a nudist colony. He fidgeted, couldn't decide what to do with his hands, and couldn't decide what to look at. He settled on examining his shoes a bit too much. The poor kid wasn't just uncomfortable in his tuxedo. He was uncomfortable in his skin.

His name was Robby and he was the nineteen year-old little brother of the blushing bride. I wasn't convinced Bliss would be coming to his aid but I had already decided to keep an eye on him at the reception.

After the wedding cake was cut and before the dancing started I found the fifth groomsman sitting alone in the corner furthest from the action. He was hunched over his phone and was completely ignoring the party that was taking place right in front of him.

I watched his thumb swiping across the little screen as his other hand moved between his knees. He then tugged on his left trouser leg as he shifted his weight on the chair. Anyone paying attention to him would have known he had a uncomfortable hard-on. He never saw me coming.

"If I was your mother I might be concerned that you're watching too much porn".

I startled him but his instincts had turned the phone over before he even looked up.

"It's just a game!" he said, holding the phone and his hands over his lap.

The fear in his eyes made it impossible for me to contain my smile.

"Well, are you at all worried that your game has given you an erection?" I asked.

"You're crazy", he replied, shaking his head at me.

"Am I?" I asked, giving him my best doubting puppy dog look.

I moved an empty chair very close to his and sat down. I crossed my legs so that the hem of my sunset orange cocktail dress rode up to about mid-thigh. Spinning slightly to face him, I rested my bare leg against him.

"Well then," I smiled. "Since you aren't sporting an embarrassing hard-on then why don't you offer a crazy girl a nice glass of punch?"

He wrenched his eyes away from my legs and looked across the room toward the punch bowl. I knew the distance would seem insurmountable to him if I was right about his cock.

"Why are you doing this?" he asked, a bit too desperately. 

It seemed to me that he wanted to defend himself and surrender all at once. He gave up like a kid that was way too familiar with being teased and being defeated

The truth is that sometimes I'm forced to humiliate my darlings just a bit and this was one of those times. I only enjoyed it because I knew I wasn't teasing him. I was rescuing him. He couldn't hide from me and that can be embarrassing but it's necessary. He didn't know a great force had come to his aid but I knew.

"Robby, would you like to fuck me?"

The question startled him and he finally looked me in the eye but said nothing. I continued before he had a chance to reply because I know what my darlings do after they hesitate. They ask questions instead of giving answers or taking action.

"Robby, do you see that door to the left of the kitchen door? That's a utility room. It's pretty much empty right now because most of the time all these folding tables and chairs are stored in there. If you go with me to that room I'm going to suck you're cock, you're going to fuck me, and I'm going to fuck you back. Don't worry about the hard-on because you're gonna need it. Now, let's go get some punch."

I slipped my hand into Robby's lap and gave him a little squeeze as I stood. Turning to face him, I offered him the same warm hand that was just on his virgin cock. All the anguish had been lifted from his sweet face. There was fear in his eyes but, more importantly, there was belief.

As soon as the utility room door closed behind us I attacked him. I grabbed his face with both hands and pushed my tongue into his mouth. I leaned in, pressing the entire length of my body against his. He drew a sharp breath in through his nose as I took his mouth with mine. I felt his rock-hard manhood against my tummy as I forced up my thigh up between his legs. We weren't there to talk and now he knew it.

I pushed hum further into the room until he was leaning against a short stack of folded tables in the corner and, dropping to my knees, I put my mouth on the sexy bulge in his trousers. I bit down gently but didn't linger. I didn't want the rest of his evening ruined by an embarrassing wet spot on his pants.

"Off!"

I gave him an order. It was time for him to start participating in what was happening to him. He tore at his belt buckle as I forced my hot breath into the fabric surrounding his trapped cock.

I've always found that my shy darlings typically have absolutely nothing to be ashamed of and Robby was no exception. Just as I leaned in to give his swollen cockhead a little hello lick he twitched and dripped. I caught that silky taste of him on my tongue was able to keep his precious pre-cum off of his pant leg. It's kind of silly but I'm really proud of that catch.

These little things are a small part of what I do but they are one of the reasons for this journal. No one knows these little things but me and I need the outlet. I could tell my girlfriends my stories but that never really works out. This was about Robby and my girls would make it all about me. I could try and explain it to them but I'm not really wild about the idea.

Here's a big thing and I do it for all my darlings. I let them know it's o.k. to be so excited that orgasm control is a problem. It's incredibly hot when men loose control and it thrills me to give them those moments. Besides, shame is a killjoy and I won't allow it. Isn't it awful that a moment of shame can become a nightmare that lingers for years and a moment of pride or ecstasy can slip away so easily.

Anyway, I wanted to protect Robby before it was too late. After his twitchy drippy display and before I tried to shove my tongue in his pee hole I smiled up at my darling and let him off the hook.

"I know how it is, baby, so cum for me and I promise I'll cum for you."

The instant I closed my lips around him and cradled his cockhead with my tongue he exploded. He entire body convulsed with each spurt of hotness he fed me. I quickly hugged him around the waist as I fought to hold him in my mouth. I swallowed three times before he finished pumping his seed onto my tongue began to breathe again. He laid back onto the stack of folded tables and only then was I finally able to begin actually sucking his cock.

It was obvious he wasn't going to soften and when I pushed back for a look the sight of him took my breath away. He was so engorged that the skin covering his cockhead looked way too tight. He actually looked dangerously swollen to me. The purple-ish red coloring made it very clear that, instead of help getting hard again, what Robby needed was swift relief. I swear if little blue pills or a cock ring was the problem I'd have called the paramedics.

I whispered his name and he opened his eyes to see me pulling my panties out from under my dress. I stepped out of them slowly and hoped he saw the dark glistening silk I had just peeled away from my bare crotch. I held my soiled panties loosely in my hand as stood at his side facing the tabletop. Could he could smell my naughtyness like I could? If I had kicked my panties aside they'd be 10 feet from my darling boy instead of only 10 inches. How could I waste my scent like that when I know better?

With my feet planted on floor and my legs spread, I laid beside him, face down on the waist-high platform. Reaching back with both hands, I pulled my dress up onto my back and presented myself, knees apart and ass up. I actually crave the agony of moments like this when I've offered myself so obscenely and I wait, hardly daring to breathe.

When he didn't move I whispered 'please'. When he still didn't move I drew myself up onto my elbows and looked over my shoulder.

He sat next to me transfixed and I realized he had never seen his own penis in its current and slightly alarming state. It glistened with my saliva and pulsed rapidly with his heart. A single pearl of cum was nestled in his pee hole. His cock was ticking like a bomb and he still hadn't seen my pussy.

"Robby, please!"

I laid my head down on the hard surface and braced my hands on the wall at the opposite edge of the tabletop as he stood behind me for a desperately long moment. He undoubtedly was making a memory of my ample ass and hairless, wet cunt. My entire body blushed under his intimate scrutiny and I reached back with both hands to spread my ass cheeks for him. He groaned as I felt my inner pussy lips separate slightly. Girly pre-cum leaked down my inner thighs as I slowly covered my little anus with one fingertip.

I wasn't hiding my little pucker and I had no fear that Robby was thinking about getting cute and trying to fuck my ass. I did it for me.

My darling slammed into my sex and managed to surprise the hell out me. It was a good trick considering how long I'd been waiting for him. His nose pushed my fingers away from my asshole as he frenched my cunt, sucking at my pussyhole and driving his tongue inside me at the same time. The boy was feverish and extremely thorough. He tongued me from the droplets of wetness on my inner thigh, up over my tight little pucker, and back to my aching pussy. This kid had definitely been watching too much porn.

As he began to suck my oh-so-tender clitty in and out of his mouth I shivered and knew I would cum for him. I pushed back and smothered him with my wetness and my flesh as my sweet boy grabbed my hips and pulled as if he needed to enter me face first. The first orgasm he ever gave to a woman seized me and I surrendered.

As my ecstasy slowly gave way to reality he grabbed me high on my ass and stood up. He innocently nudged my backside three or four times before solving the mystery of the female anatomy and shoving his cock all the way home with one stroke.

He pumped into me viciously and his heavy ballsack slapped my over-heated clit four times and he froze, arching forward, whimpering, and filling me with his hot cum.

It was, by far, my favorite orgasm of day. I wasn't distracted by a climax of my own and so I was able to feel him, His cocksmanship was, of course, what really had me going but there was so much more in that moment for me. I felt my ass in his clenched hands, his fingernails biting me as his first pussy-induced ejaculation became an unstoppable force. I savored the delicious noises he made as he gave me his load and his virginity. It was beautiful! I'm overjoyed that I had the intense pleasure of being that woman for him and the privilege of being the only witness.

There's so much that a young man gives to the first woman he fucks that he cannot give to anyone else and that's what I wanted from him. My orgasms are not at all rare but the one Robby had, the one I shared with him, was a once-in-a-lifetime rite of passage.

An older man might have collapsed onto my back after such an intense release but my darling Robby kept his feet and recovered nicely. He stepped back and I felt it, his still rock-hard cock slipping from my needy hole. A soft wet sound, almost like the ending of a passionate kiss, announced my sudden emptiness and I quickly jammed my panties into my crotch. It wouldn't do to have cum stains on my shoes for the rest of the day.

Robby quickly spun and laid back on the platform next to me, struggling to control his breathing. Even though the four strokes into me had not been much of a workout he was very close to hyperventilating. His cock was still fully erect but I'm not sure he even knew. My gooey panties couldn't absorb all of the mess from between my legs but at least I wasn't drippy.

His fingers raked through his hair over and over as he started to quiet down a bit. I stood, unzipped my dress, and stepped out of it. I absolutely love how the sound of a dress zipper can focus a young man's attention.

Finally, I was naked!

When I began climbing over his knees he jerked and convulsed as his cockhead was dragged over my comfy curvyness. He gave me an adorable little nod when I told him to hold still while I 'fuck him back'.

I pushed off of his chest with both hands, planted my heels on the table next to his narrow hips, and squatted, lowering my wet fuckhole onto his cock. My breasts danced obscenely as I hammered my sensitive clit against his pubic bone. He gathered my out-of-control boobs with his hands and rolled my nipples into twisted hardness with his thumbs. His shyness was washing away.

Squatting over that boy and bouncing my ass against him like a basketball is the real reason I'm sitting here wishing I had a houseboy to massage my ass and legs. The little shit lasted a lot longer when I was doing the work.

I'm lucky it's not worse. I could be suffering from crippling pussy soreness but, thankfully, I'm not. It hurts me everytime a hard cock nudges me too deeply but the pain always melts into one of the most intense and fully-fucked sensations I've ever experienced. The pleasure that rises through and overcomes a bit of agony has always been precious to me. A girl learns to love that kind of pain.

As I mentioned, round two lasted much longer than four strokes and after a few minutes I had to have his arms for support. I pulled his hands from my body, interlaced our fingers, and pushed down until his elbows were against the tabletop. My breasts were free again and doing what breasts do. 

His hips began rising to meet me and I could feel my orgasm bubbling up within me. My first orgasm of the day was a little baby cum compared this one. Tongues are incredible but they are not 19-year-old cocks.

Robby's efforts to lift me as I fell onto him became almost frantic and the exquisite nudging of my depth was too much.

I took a deep breath and really let go. I came in waves as every nerve ending in my body cried out for relief. I could perceive nothing beyond my own orgasm except the complete fullness of my spasming cunt and delicious clinging of his wet pubic hair as it peeled away from my naked pussy each time I bounced off of him.

I was starting to float back down when he erupted. The spasms of his ejaculation pushed me right back over the edge and I struggled to watch his contorted, adorable face as I surrendered completely and bathed him with my cum.

When I think about how awkwardly I crawled off of my darling Robby it tickles me. I'm completely sure that there's nothing more lady-like than being opened up by a hard cock and walking funny afterwards.

My next move was less lady-like. As soon I was sure I wouldn't fall on my ass I spread my feet apart to in order to move my shoes out of the drip zone. Sunset orange suede high heels can have that kind of effect on me even though Bliss couldn't care less. I wiped my bare hands over my cummy inner thighs and cupped them over my messy cunt. I'm not a huge fan of the word 'cunt' but when semen is flowing out of it then that's what Bliss calls it.

There was a roll of paper towels in a box of cleaning supplies on the floor by the door and I proceeded to waddle over and wipe all my tender bits with the coarse material.

When I was finished I found my darling propped up on his elbows watching me and smiling from ear to ear, his spent cock resting on his sticky abdomen.

"Proud of yourself?" I smiled.

"Yes ma'am"

Adorable! The sullen and frightened boy was gone, if only for a moment. I stood there freshly fucked, rubbed raw, and stark naked with a cum-filled wad of paper towels in my hand, and gave him my warmest smile. I told him he should be proud.

When he held up his hands like a wide receiver I knew he expected me to toss the roll of towels. I didn't want that for him. He was a real mess and the towels would be awkward for him and his softening manhood. Bliss is immune to indignity and humiliation (and Kelly occasionally loves it) but I refused to risk that for my darling Robby. Not this day.

His hands fell to his sides when I dropped the roll of towels back into the box. I held his eyes with mine as I went to him, slowly, and cleaned him with my slutty mouth.

I remained naked as I helped him get dressed. His eyes widened when I tucked his underwear into my purse. I don't collect things like that but he will remember I kept them for the rest of his life. He'll probably think about our utility room every time he pulls his shorts on for at least a year. I, on the other hand, enjoyed sending him back to the reception without them.

I straightened out his crazy hair with my fingernails, adjusted his necktie, and began to usher him back to reality.

It was obvious to me that he should be first to leave. That way he could find a seat and watch the door with the naked woman behind it, wait for it open, and witness me returning to the reception smiling and utterly without shame.

When he resisted slightly and opened his mouth to speak I cut him off, smiling from the heart.

"Robby, will you do something for me?" 

He nodded slowly.

"Stop acting like you don't want to fuck the bridesmaids. The truth is much sexier."

With one hand behind his neck and one on the doorknob, I kissed him, lingering, pressing myself against him, and then pushed him back into his sister's wedding reception.

I dressed quickly after putting the cleaning supplies to use on the tabletop. I was the party planner after all.
