 I light my cigarette, and take my first drag, slowly. You'll be home any minute, and I've almost got dinner ready. I wonder if you remembered your coat today, as I look out the window at the gloomy October sky. Standing here in this nightie, I'd be freezing, if it weren't for the heat coming off of the stove. 

Another drag... I can hear your car pull into the drive. I hear your car door, swiftly followed by the sound of the back door. I smile. You're home. I go back to stirring the masterpiece in front of me. 

You come up behind me, without saying a word as you wrap your arms around my waist and let out a long, slow sigh. I smile again and take a small piece of pasta from the pan, feeding it to you over my shoulder. You let out a soft moan, and your lips meet my neck, tasting the food, and me at the same time. You are hungry alright, but for more than just food. I see your arm reach out and turn the stove off. 

In a split second, I'm turned around, facing you, and your hands immediately find my breasts. God, I love your hands. So big, and masculine... So strong against my soft skin. The callouses are rough in such a pleasurable way, it makes me shake a bit. One hand slides down to grab my ass, while the other cups my breast, your thumb flicking over my nipple, bringing the soft little bud to a taught peak in an instant, and a low moan stumbles out of my throat. The warmth of your hands is hotter against my skin than the heat radiating from the stove. Your mouth comes down on mine, pressing against it, intruding the small space with your soft, yet powerful tongue. Massaging every crevice of my mouth with your tongue, your hand slides over my breast, curving around to press against my back. Your touch alone has set a fire deep in my belly that can only be put out by one thing...

I need you inside me. Now. 

You grab me by my ass, picking me up and wrapping my legs around your waist, turning us around, and placing me on top of the island in the kitchen. My eyes never leave yours as you pull my nightie off, followed by your shirt and pants. We are both naked, and breathless as you come back to me, wrapping your arms around me, and pulling me close. One more powerful kiss has me thankful I am not standing, for my knees go weak, even as I sit on the counter. 

"Please. I need you inside me." God, do I need you inside me...

"Not yet, love." 

A whimper falls out of me, and you drop to your knees in front of me, your lips caressing my skin the whole way down, trailing down my neck, over my breasts, and down my belly. You spread my legs, and your fingers find my pussy, sliding over my already slick skin, slowly preparing me for your soon-to-be feast. You slide one finger inside, just as your tongue meets my clit. When my hips start to quiver, you move fast, flicking my clit over and over again with your tongue, and you insert another finger. I let out a moan as you bring me closer to delicious release. 

One curl of your fingers, and your mouth closes over my clit, sucking gently. I explode. I shiver as you slide your fingers out, closing your mouth over my pussy, and licking up every drop of my juices that flow out of me. 

After a moment, you release my pussy, and I gasp at the sudden void between my legs. I open my eyes to find you standing again. Your hands grab my thighs, bringing them up so you can loop your arms under my knees. You kiss me gently, just once, and I look down just in time to see your cock standing at full attention before... 

Ohhhhhhhhh fuck, you're inside me. Christ, you feel so thick... 

I can't control myself as I cum again, clamping down on your cock as you start to pound into me. Hard. Fast. My hands make their way to your back, my nails digging in slightly as you fuck me. My head falls back, and a long, loud moan sends an echo through the kitchen. You feel so good, and I can't get enough. 

I'm now shivering in what feels like one long orgasm as you fuck my pussy harder. Your muscles are rippling beneath your skin, and your mouth is on my neck. Your breathing has become shallow, and I know you are close. I let out another moan, and scream your name as my body shakes, cumming again around your cock. 

You groan, holding your breath as your body tenses up. My eyes lock with yours, and I run one hand through your hair, whimpering and moaning as your cock moves inside me. Finally, you let out a loud moan, and my name falls out of your mouth over and over again as you throb inside me, and I feel your load fill my pussy up, hot and powerful. You pound into me one final time before your head falls to my shoulder. 

You stand there for a moment, leaning your head against my shoulder as you catch your breath. Panting slightly, I kiss your neck, and look behind you, across the kitchen to the counter I was standing at just moments before. 

My cigarette has burned out. I only had two drags of it... 

But it was the best cigarette of my life.