 I was working late, waiting for the computer to finish generating the report I was working on. In the few minutes that it would take, I figured I'd wander around the internet and see if I could find some pictures or movies. I found a movie site and was watching a couple of hot-bodied blondes sucking some guy's dick. I was getting quite hard, and was just getting ready to unzip my pants and start jacking off when I turned around and saw the cleaning lady standing next to the door.

My dick deflated as I rushed to close the movie, and she walked in the door toward me.

"Looks like you found something interesting to watch there," she said.

I didn't really know how to reply. I just stumbled to try to shut the movie window.

She walked into the room and said, "Don't close it. It looks like they're having fun. Hmmm. Looks like you were getting ready to have some fun, too. Don't let me interrupt you."

She licked her lips as she watched the two girls taking turns sucking the lucky guy's engorged organ. I couldn't help but notice that her nipples were standing out, very erect. She had large breasts, but not enormous. She was dressed in a pair of denim shorts and a V-neck tank top, which showed off her cleavage very nicely. She rubbed her nipples through the tank top, and my dick regained its hardness.

"Oh, come on," she said to me, looking down at my hardening member. "Why don't you get that thing out of there?" With that, she reached down into my lap and started to stroke me through my pants. My dick had quickly regained its hardness at her touch, and I could feel a little pre-cum seep out the end. As she leaned down from near my right shoulder, she pressed her boobs into my arms. I could feel her nipples hard against my flesh, and I reached my hand over to cup one of her breasts.

She sighed a bit as I caressed her nipple, then she pushed the strap of her tank top and bra down her shoulder with her other hand. I pulled the cup of her bra down, revealing her lovely pale breast. Her pink nipple was sticking out almost an inch from lighter aureole, which now showed little goose pimples.

As I continued to stroke her breast and pinch her nippled, she pulled down the zipper of my pants and reached inside. She continued to stroke me a bit through my underwear, then managed to pull my erection through the opening in my briefs. It stuck straight up from my lap, bobbing occasionally, and a little drop of pre-cum oozed from the end.

She grabbed the shaft in her hand, and started stroking it slowly, still watching the girls on the screen taking turns with the guy's dick. Before long, the scene changed on screen, and the new view was of the two girls in a 69 position, with the guy fucking the one on top in doggy position. Occasionally, he would pull out of the top girl's pussy and the girl underneath would suck on it for a moment before putting it back in her friend's hole.

"I don't know if I'd want to taste some other girl's pussy," my new friend said to me. "It just seems, I don't know, kind of gross to me."

I personally like the taste of a girl's pussy, as long as she keeps it clean. In fact, I was kind of thinking I might like to taste the pussy that was only a few inches from me right then. At the time, however, I simply muttered an incoherent sound of pleasure, since her hand stroking my dick felt quite lovely to me.

"Would you suck some other guy's dick?" she asked, looking down into my face. "I mean, isn't that about the same thing?"

"I don't know," I answered her, "but I do like to eat pussy."

"Hmmm," she mumbled. Suddenly she stood up straight. She unsnapped and unzipped her shorts, pushing them over her hips and letting them drop the rest of the way to the floor. She had on a pair of bright yellow lace panties under her shorts, and these quickly hit the floor, too. Her sandy blonde pubic hair was trimmed into a nice little patch. "Get up," she said.

I rose, my cock bobbing through the fly of my pants. She reached out and took my cock in her hand again, then led me to the side of my chair. She turned the chair toward herself, turned and sat, and then turned back toward the desk. She had never lost hold of my shaft during the maneuver. We had basically traded places, and I was now standing beside the chair being stroked by her hand while she sat and watched the video on the computer screen.

She absently stroked me for a couple of minutes while she watched the action on the screen. She abruptly turned her head and looked up at me. "You really like to eat pussy?"

I nodded. She slouched down in the seat, pushing her hips forward so her pussy was right at the edge of the seat. She turned the seat toward me, finally letting go of my hard-on. I didn't even have to wait for the question. I was down on my knees as fast as I could go without hurting myself.

I licked my way up each of her legs in turn, stopping before I got to her pussy both times. Her breathing was getting ragged, and I could see that her pussy was flushed bright red. A little sheen of moisture was forming at the center of it, and I guessed that she was getting extremely excited. I tormented her a little more, kissing her belly and running my mustache through her pubic hair. At last, I flattened my tongue and ran it up her pussy a couple of times.

She squealed a little and jerked her hips toward my face a little. I could taste the wonderful musky fluid of her excitement, and I began licking her up and down, concentrating on her clitoris. I would occasionally drop down a little and push my tongue as far into her hole as I could, then wiggle it up and down and in and out a little. She moaned and thrashed as I pleasured her with my mouth. I sucked her lips in with mine, then licked up and down them rapidly. I delicately flicked just the tip of my tongue over her clitty. I flattened my tongue and mashed it into her whole crotch, licking and sucking my way up to the top of it.

The girl's screaming had become pretty continuous, and I was glad that it was as late as it was. She would have awakened the dead with the intensity of her orgasm, I thought. I licked up as much of the sexy juices that flowed from her as I could, although a little puddle was forming under her, and the edge of my chair was definitely getting soaked through.

Her climax finally subsided, and she lay back in the chair, panting and gasping, as I kissed her thighs and stomach. I finally stood up straight and unfastened my pants. My cock was still sticking out the fly, and a few little drips of my pre-cum had landed on the fabric. That would be hard to explain to the wife, I thought to myself. Oh well.

I pulled down my pants and underwear, then pulled my shirt up over my head. The girl just sat in the chair, watching. She finally reached out and took my cock in her hand and began stroking it slowly. I stepped toward her, sort of poking my cock toward her mouth, but she didn't seem to be inclined to suck on it. Instead, she moved her head aside and stood up, still holding on to my shaft.

I turned to follow her as she stepped around me. I was now facing the computer screen, and she pushed me back into my chair. I sat down hard, my tailbone smacking against the metal frame of the chair through the padding. She had released my cock when she had pushed me down, and a little string of my pre-cum flicked onto my belly as my cock recoiled from the force of my landing.

She stood and looked at me for a moment, as I sat unmoving, startled, my cock bobbing up and down in my lap. Then she turned to face away from me and pushed her ass out toward me. I took her waist in my hands and lowered her toward my cock. She reached down between her legs and took my shaft in her hand, guiding me into her hot, wet pussy.

She gasped as I entered her. She lowered herself quickly and smoothly until I felt the tip of my cock bump against the end of her slick tunnel. I still held her by the waist, and I started to raise and lower her over me. She put her hands on the armrests of the chair, and we quickly established a rhythm as she pushed up and down, grinding her hips into me every time my cock was at full penetration.

I reached around in front of her and pulled her shirt and bra down over her breasts. I cupped them and ran my hands over her nipples, making her moan a bit in pleasure. Her nipples were hard and hot against my palms. I pinched them gently between my thumbs and forefingers, rolling them around slightly and getting more little moans of pleasure from her. I leaned my head forward and kissed her neck. I looked up and I could see her eyes were fastened totally on the computer screen, where the pair of women were now down on their knees in front of the man as he jacked himself off, trying to spurt his load of semen onto them.

She rose and fell faster and faster on my shaft like she was trying to match the speed of the guy's hand sliding up and down his shaft. I reached one hand down and rubbed her clitty, making her cry out. Her breathing was fast and deep, and I could feel her pussy muscles clench around my cock every time it was at full penetration. I rubbed her clitty and played with her nipple with my free hand.

The man's cock started spurting his white cum over the girls' faces, and the girl on my own cock cried out in her orgasm. She sobbed out as she slumped forward, and I reached my arm around her waist to support her. My other hand continued to stroke her clitty. Her up and down thrusts had stopped, and she now sat with my cock fully inside of her. I could feel the ripples of her pussy muscles contracting and releasing over my shaft. Her moisture trickled down my balls onto the chair.

I held her that way until her breathing returned to something like normal. Once she had control of herself, she leaned forward and put her arms on the chair, bending over at the waist and pushing me and the chair backward with her ass. She now had her feet on the floor, and my cock was still deep inside of her pussy. She began to raise and lower her hips quickly, fucking me for all she was worth. She grunted a little with the effort, and I held her hips and helped push her up and down on my shaft.

Before too long, I could feel myself getting ready to cum. I didn't know if the girl was on birth control, so I groaned out that I was there.

She lifted herself off of my shaft and stood half upright, legs bent, pressing her ass into my belly. She then reached down between her legs and grabbed my cock in her hand and began stroking it. I felt my cum surging through my shaft, and the first spurt out landed on her stomach. She continued to jack me off onto herself, using her other hand to rub the stuff into her belly. When my climax had finally subsided, she rubbed the head of my softening cock on the inside of her thighs, cleaning the remaining cum off with her smooth, white skin.

She got up as I sat back panting and walked over to her little cleaning cart. She got a cloth and wiped my stuff off of her, then returned to stand beside me and wiped our mingled juices from my cock and ball sack. I watched silently as she cleaned me off, then leaned down to kiss the head of my cock.

She pulled her shorts and panties back on and tucked herself back into her shirt and bra. As she was dressing, she said, "Maybe we'll have to do this again sometime."

I could barely speak, so I nodded and made what I hoped was a definitely affirmative grunting sound.

As she walked out of the room to her cart, she turned and looked back at me. I was still sitting there naked, my cock now lying spent in my lap. "By the way, my name's Angie," she said, then pushed her cart down the hallway.

I saw Angie a few more times, but we never had the chance to do anything else. Either someone was around, or she was in a time crunch, or something interfered. About a week after our encounter, another lady took her place. This was an older woman with a very matronly appearance.

"What happened to Angie?" I asked her.

"Oh, she got laid off," the woman said. "I guess the customers weren't satisfied with her."

I don't know about anyone else, but I know she sure left at least one satisfied customer.