 I want to let you know this is a true story. It happened not long ago. My lover and I though both of us are married have shared several other scenes since this one, all equally intense. This is the one however that I chose to share with you. This is my first submission and I am sure I have over looked something, but the story in indeed speaks for itself.

She walked into the motel room methodically knowing she was going to be fucked today. Wes and Donna had met several months ago in a married but looking chat room. They had discussed many types of sex, their marriages, and been honest about their own descriptions. She new she was ready.

In her mind the rhythmic base guitar electrified her mood, some Nick Cave song she had heard on the way over, it was perfect, completely sober, anticipating the events that would unfold today. She new he was waiting for her, a lover she had known only through instant messenger on her PC. A stranger really, and she didn't care. She felt like a stranger to herself and nothing really seemed relevant except her never-ending desire for sex.

He opened the door confidently knowing what he was going to do to her today. She would submit to him fully, either willingly or not, he really didn't care. All that mattered to him was that he poses her body today, bend her to his will, his need to dominate her was overwhelming, just the thought of having total control over her made his cock throb.

She walked in the room and heard the door shut with a click. Knowing for certain when she stepped out of the room she would forever be changed.

He walked up to her and they kissed, tasting each other, awakening their senses for the moments ahead. Wes squeezed her breasts and they began to undress each other, tearing and ripping the clothes from each others wanting bodies until there were no barriers between them.

Wes led Donna to the bed, like a lamb to the slaughter. As he laid back onto the bed pulling her towards him, wrapping his fist in her hair, pulling her face towards his growing cock. She did not hesitate taking him into her mouth. Sliding up and down his cock, tickling the back of it's large head with her tongue, as he pushed his cock deeper into her mouth thrusting his hips up and pushing her head down. With his free hand he grabbed at her breast pinching her nipple slightly, he laid his head back and closed his eyes a moan escaping his lips as his hand pulled her hair forcing his cock deeper into her throat. 

She struggled not to gag as his thick cock hardened and pushed its way into her throat, sliding up and down his shaft as he roughly pulled and pushed her face over his cock, regulating her speed.

She felt his balls tighten and his cock spasm as the first stream of hot liquid spewed into her mouth. She struggled yet again to swallow him, milking every ounce of him from his wilting cock. Satisfied with her performance she crawled under the covers next to him, smiling to herself. She new she made him feel good and that is always pleasing.

After a few moments he looked at her and said, "Glad you could make it" She smiled and said " me too"

Without warning she felt his mouth engulf her nipple and tease it as his teeth bit down ever so softly. His hand moved between her legs and his finger slipped easily into her. He was not surprised to find her wet at all, but she was. She had never known she could get so wet. He bit and kissed at her neck causing a moan to escape her lips as he moved over the top of her. Suckling her breasts first one then the other, a little bite here and there. Sliding down her body he saw the scares from the life she had endured, he wanted to take from her what no other would. Poses her mind and body if only for a short while. Bring her to levels of pleasure she had never known with a man. Parting the swollen lips of her sex, his tongue teased her clit, tenderly but surly. Her hands molesting her own breasts as she spread her legs wide for him allowing him to savor her sweet nectar.

His tongue moved in little circles around and over her clit, softly and tenderly he moved with stealth and confidence. He slid his finger into her tight hole feeling her body writhe and shake as he danced with her. He felt her little nub grow and swell with need, as his own cock began to swell again, 

She could feel the blood rushing through her body as he slid up onto her, he brought his cock back to her face and she hungrily devoured it, tasting him as his shaft tightened. He thrust in and out of her, relishing her plump lips that surrounded his now engorged cock. Easily he adjusted his position and brought his throbbing man hood to her hot wet hole, he entered her swiftly and completely forcing all of his thick hard cock into her, again she moaned, He ground into her teasing her body, her breathing was labored, her ache only growing. Her mind was screaming for him not to stop, but all that escaped her lips was a deep moan of bliss. He never fully withdrew from her, just short deep thrusts that were bringing her to madness, she could feel it threatening to overcome her, she recognized the fact that she was going to cum, this was the point when her own mind would betray her, it always did, her failure to allow her own body to succumb to this primal need had cursed her for so long, she struggled to relax, He sensed it, he new she was close, "I've got you baby, close your eyes and feel my cock pulling from you what it must have, cum for me baby, cum for me" his words were tender and smooth and pushed her over the edge, wave after wave exploded from deep inside her, he never missed a stroke, he continued to grind his hips into hers, sinking his cock completely into her, pulling from her all that she could give. He felt her tight walls spasm around his pulsing cock, "oh yes baby, that's it" he whispered, as her back arched and her release subsided.

He new she was his for as long as he wanted her, and an evil smile curled on his lips and he buried his face in her gorgeous tits. Tears streamed from her eyes, she could not believe what had just happened.

With a swift skill that told her he was a pro he rolled her over onto her stomach and pulled her hips up to meet his, His cock demanding release, he was not through with her yet. He slammed his rock hard muscle into her, forcing a gasp from her lips. My turn baby, he said evilly, and began to fuck her in earnest, deep rich thrusts that threatened her balance, with his right hand he reached for her hair pulling her head up with force as he thrust ever deeper into her, a scream erupted from her lips, short but enough to tell him he had her attention, she could feel his balls slapping against her body with each swift grunt he made as he fucked her without mercy, then he just stopped,

For a moment she thought she had done something wrong, she could feel him on his knees behind her, his cock still throbbing sharing his heart beat with her, but he was motionless. Then she felt a cool liquid sliding down the crack of her ass, then his finger and it massaged the lubrication into her rose bud, she new she would not stop him, she new her ass was his from the moment she had entered this room. She felt his cock slide out of her pussy and heard him apply lube to his shaft, slowly stroking the rock hard muscle, the tool he was about to abuse her with. 

As she felt him line the head of his cock up with her virgin hole, she felt his hand grip her hips tightly and he pushed the head of his cock into her ass, she gasped as she felt her ass stretch to accommodate him. A burning sensation engulfed her entire body, the heat was as wicked as his charm. He cautioned her to relax as he pulled back just a bit and forced another two inches into her tightness, she caught the scream in her throat, her mind was spinning as she tried to grasp reality, and convince her body to take this man.

His cock withdrew nearly completely this time only to spear her fully and his hips sank into the soft flesh of her ass, eight thick inches fully penetrating her, the pain was intense and she struggled to attain composure,

He began to slowly move his weapon in and out of her tight ass, relishing the grip it had on him. As his speed increased her pain eased and she began to feel familiar sensations coursing through her speared body. He began to fuck her ass with a fever, threatening to devour her very soul, 

"Touch yourself," he commanded and she reached between her legs to claim yet another first, an anal orgasm. She massaged her clit as he fucked her she could feel the need rising in her yet again, an ache, oh so sweet, as her orgasm rushed through her body, the scream erupted, she felt his final thrust as his cock buried yet again within her filling her ass with splash after splash of his spunk.

He watched as his cock slid from her ass, admiring his handy work. That evil grin still lingering on his lips, she rolled onto her side completely spent, there was nothing left in her to give.

As he walked into the bathroom she heard the shower spring to life, and listened as he washed himself, she got up and dressed not wanting to rinse him away just yet, As she slid her shoes on he emerged from the shower, drying himself with a towel. You might want to shower Hun, he said, I am sure you smell like the epitome of sex.

No I think I will wait, I want him to smell and taste your success when I get home. With that she kissed him and left she room, as she exited the hotel, it was her who had the evil grin spread across her lips. Humming the same Nick Cave song softly to herself.