 Sandra shook her fist with rage at the uncaring sky. 

"Dammit!" she cursed. 

Sandra pounded on the steering wheel of her old jeep and again tried the key. The engine responded with a sickening silence. She "had" been enjoying her day up to this point. She spent the day at the beach working on her golden tan. She had met up with a couple of her girlfriends and they had enjoyed the afternoon sitting in the sun, gabbing about men, and checking out the guys at the beach. Sandra had paid particularly close attention to one young man who had the nerve to wear a small bikini that barely concealed his rather impressive cock. She had waited all day to see it bust loose of it’s minimal restraint, in fact, she had tried to get the guy hard by walking by him wearing her thong bikini. She, not so subtly, bent over and picked up a seashell. This gave him an excellent view of her round, full ass. Suddenly the guy turned over to his stomach, she had succeeded in her objective. Her friends laughed at her brazenness when she returned to the group.

Sandra was a world class flirt but definitely wouldn’t give up the "goods" that quick. Men could look all they like but it took time before they could touch. Now she was pissed. She had waved goodbye to her friends and decided to take a quicker route, off road, through the desert instead of the highway. Here she sat in the late afternoon sun with a jeep that wasn’t going anywhere and on a road that hadn’t seen a single car in since she’d been there. 

"Dammit!" she cursed again. She was going to be late meeting her husband for dinner. They had a special evening planned and now she wasn’t sure she was going to see him until it was much too late.

She climbed out of the jeep and popped the hood on the truck. She peered over the engine and pretended to have a clue as to what she was looking at. The wind swirled her short sundress up above her waist revealing her thong bottoms that she wore to the beach. She had discarded the bikini top while she was sunning and had decided to leave it off for the drive home. She wiggled some wires and tugged at some belts and eventually admitted to herself that she was in over her head. 

That’s why she married her husband. At least one of the reasons, he could fix anything. The another being he had an exquisitely thick cock that she desperately needed. She was ultra-horny from a day of teasing men and thinking about fucking her husband. It had been a few days since they had had a chance to do anything and she was seriously in need of a good lay. If she weren’t so damn mad she would have enjoyed the tingling that was growing in her pussy. 

An hour went by and Sandra had decided to make the best use of the time and catch the last few rays of the sun. She would start walking when it was a little cooler. She had put out her blanket and laid out completely nude. Sweat glistened from her upturned breasts and ran down her lean torso. In the distance she heard the low rumble of an engine coming her way. She quickly leapt up and slipped back into her sundress. Her heartbeat increased when she saw a motorcycle headed toward her followed by a cloud of dust. 

She waved to the already slowing stranger and was quickly in the mists of a swirling dust storm. She wiped the dust from her eyes and looked up to see a man astride an old motorcycle. 

"Problems?" asked the dust covered stranger.

"Yeah, damn thing just won’t start" Sandra replied, annoyed at the stupid question.

"Well, let’s take a look at it." The man said as he dismounted his bike. 

Sandra eyed the man suspiciously as he walked towards her and the jeep. She wasn’t sure what she would do but figured she’d run like hell if he even made one wrong move. The man sensed her apprehension and tried to look as unimposing as he could. He kept his distance from Sandra as he neared the jeep. He looked over the innards of the engine and wiped a bead of sweat from his forehead. 

Sandra continued looking at the stranger while he studied the broken machine. Her apprehension eased and now she was eyeing his ass as he bent over to look at the engine. She smiled to herself at the fineness of his hind end and just how nice it looked in his very tight jeans. He took off his leather jacket to reveal his broad shoulders and muscular arms. Not overly muscular, nice and lean, just how she liked it. 

Her nipples began to stiffen and push against the cottony fabric of her dress, at the same time her cunt began to twitch with anticipation. She was getting very aroused by this stranger who had appeared out of nowhere.

"Well, here’s the problem. You’re alternator is shot." The man said.

"Yeah?" Sandra said, trying to sound like she knew what the hell that meant.

"I don’t think you’re driving out of her until you get a new one" the man added.

"Shit!" Sandra cursed, embarrassed at her language but enraged by her situation.

"I’ll give you a ride into town and we can get the part. It’s a pretty common piece so it shouldn’t be a problem," The man said with a confident smile.

"Okay, let’s go I guess." Sandra muttered.

Sandra looked over at the motorcycle and suddenly realized that it meant a particularly unpleasant ride for a while. 

"I love your bike." She said. Sandra did love vintage motorcycles. She didn’t know a damn thing about them but she knew what she liked.

"It’s a ’48 Indian Chief" The man said proudly. "I’m in the middle of restoring it."

The bike had the characteristic of "over-styling" Indian motorcycles were famous for. The outrageous fenders made sweeping curves that complimented the classic lines of the vintage bike. 

The man climbed aboard the bike and placed his folded up jacket on the fender for Sandra to sit on. The bike only had a single seat so this would have to do. 

Sandra threw her leg over the wheel and flashed the stranger a quick view of her manicured sex. Her immaculately groomed pussy was only slightly paler than her thighs, she had laid out nude many times before in a quest for the perfectly all-over tan. She turned beet red and was glad that the man couldn’t see her face, she had forgotten that she had shed the thong and hadn’t had time to put it back on before he arrived. 

The engine roared to life and sent shudders through Sandra’s body. The powerful V-twin rumbled with such energy that it shook Lisa just a bit. Her tits jiggled to the vibrations. The bike lurched forward and was quickly ambling over the bumpy trail that led to town. The man drove nice and slow as not to throw Sandra but the road was rutted and rocky, it wasn’t going to be a smooth ride. 

The ride continued when a sudden jolt sent a wave through Sandra. She was astride the fender and the vibrations of the motor was stimulating her already craven pussy. Every time the bike would hit a bump it would rub against her cunt and send waves of ecstasy racing up her spine. She squeezed her thighs together as tight as she could and pressed hard against the fender with her waiting twat. She felt herself giving into her passion and was soon doing everything she could to enjoy this experience. She reached up with her hands and held onto the stranger’s strong chest. The vibrations continued to tickle her pussy like mad. She was beginning to love this amazing gas-powered sex toy. She laid her head across the back of the stranger and closed her eyes; her imagination began to run wild. 

She felt strength in this mans’ chest and imagined what it would be like to mount him instead of the motorcycle. She remembered looking at him in his jeans moments ago. She recalled how pronounced his cock was in his jeans. It bulged to her delight; she could trace the outline of its thick shaft and prominent head. She imagined what it would be like to slide down on that thick pole. To have it stretch her little hole wide as it slid deep inside her. She saw herself seducing this man by spreading her legs wide and fingering her pussy while he released his throbbing cock from his pants. She would play with herself and see his enormous dick become larger and larger as the blood filled it fully. She lay across the bike and opens herself up to this unknown entity. She could feel the large head begin to penetrate her tight slit; she could feel the shaft slide deeper and deeper until she felt like she was going to burst from the enormous shaft she was fucking. She pinched her tits hard while the man pounded against her red clitty. The shaft reamed her as it was thrust in and out of her twat. Screams of ecstasy escaped her lips as this man fucked her without mercy; her legs spread wide and were pulled up to her chest to allow every inch of dick to fill her little cunt. She begged for his big tool to cum inside her steamy center. She felt his cock grow larger and stretch her wide. She continued to beg for it until she felt the hot explosion of cum fill her pussy. The strangers cock throbbed with cum; it came with such force that it almost hurt Sandra. Streams of thick cum spewed forth from the massive dick. The lover pulled his shaft from Sandra’s core and continued shooting his load onto Sandra’s perfect tits. She was bathed in white, creamy cum. Sandra massaged the liquid into her breasts when the man turned her over onto her stomach. He wasn’t done with her yet. A final shot of cum glazed her ass. The man grabbed her full hips and lifted her up to his still hard dick. Sandra knew what he had in mind and began begging for it.

"Oh God! Fuck my ass! I need that big cock deep in my little asshole!" she cried. "I need it up my ass! Give it to me! I want all of it, every inch of that massive rod!"

The stranger complied and harshly rammed his stiff cock deep into Sandra’s waiting ass. A cry escaped Sandra’s lips as the enormous head burst through her tight asshole. She felt like she was going to split in half when the full length rammed up her virgin ass. Inch after inch thrust into her stretched hole. The man’s finger found Sandra’s waiting clit and began rubbing it with great intensity.

"Oh God Yes! Finger fuck my clitty while you give it to me in the ass!" Sandra cried. "Yes! Fuck me hard! Fuck me like a dirty slut!"

The steel hard shaft thrust in and out of Sandra’s ass and the stranger’s thick finger explored deep into Sandra’s pussy. She bucked hard against the violations that were happening against her body. The orgasm started building deep in her center and was now rocking her every fiber. She convulsed with emotion as she came with tremendous intensity. The thrusting of this mans cock caused wave after wave of electricity to be shot through her body. Her pussy tingled with energy and her ass just begged for more and more of the thick meat. 

"YES! YES! YES! Keep fucking me! Harder! YES! Oh God, your dick is so good up my ass! Give me 3 fingers in my hole! I want everything! Sandra screamed as she rode the waves of ecstasy. 

Finally, the tension released from Sandra’s body and the orgasm eased to a shallow buzz that tingled throughout her body. The stranger had fucked her like she had never known and suddenly it was over.

"Here we are ma’am." A voice said.

A sudden voice and silenced motor caused Sandra to awake from her erotic daydream and orgasmic nirvana. She faced an old auto parts store in the middle of town. 

"Are you doing okay? I thought I heard you moaning a couple of times. I know, this bike is kind of a rough ride…sorry." The man said apologetically.

"I’m fine and no, the bike was fine. In fact, can you give me a ride back?" Sandra said with a grin. She thought to herself…if this guy only knew.