 My heels clicked on the pavement as I walked towards my client's front door. I liked visiting Tom - he was a bit disorganised and I was forever trying to keep his files in order, but we always had a laugh and a flirt together. 

Tom grinned as he opened the door wide.

"Well, if it isn't my favourite auditor," he said pleasantly. "Should I offer you tea or would that be considered a bribe?"

"Yes it would," I smiled.

He made tea, then we settled down to the usual business of me trying to organise his paperwork for him. As we toiled over his laptop, one of his many phones rang. He glanced at the flashing display and his face darkened.

"Get that if you need to," I told him. He hesitated, then picked up the call.

"Hi," he said brusquely. I busied myself with a file as he listened to the female voice at the other end.

"I can't," he said, twiddling with some loose cotton on his jeans. "Christine is here, I told you she was coming." Another pause as he looked over at me, frowning.

"Yes I did. It doesn't matter now does it, I'm busy. I'll....." he stopped mid-sentence and sighed as he was interrupted again.

"Yes. Alright. Alright I said! Please, Lor, can't you leave me in peace for five minutes for God's sake?"

The voice became animated for several long seconds before he disconnected the call. To my amazement, he abruptly threw the phone across the room. It hit the fireplace and smashed into several pieces.

I stared at him. "What on earth is the matter?"

Tom wiped his hands over his face and took a deep, shuddering breath. Alarmed, I stood up and rested a hand on his arm. His shoulders heaved once, twice.

Forgetting I was the professional and he was my very young client, I instinctively wrapped my arms around him.

"Do you want to talk about it, or not?" I asked quietly as he allowed his head to drop down to my shoulder.

He heaved a huge shaky sigh again and I felt his arms reach around my waist.

"I have no idea what to do about her," he murmured into my neck.

I hugged him, rubbing his back. I made to break the contact, but instead of stepping back he just lifted his head and looked down at me, his arms still loosely around my waist. Our faces were suddenly very close. His eyes flickered over my face, taking in my eyes, my nose, my mouth, my skin.

"You have beautiful eyes," he said abruptly.

I was frozen in place, completely captured by his gaze.

"Thanks," I said uncertainly, allowing myself to look at his lips. They were very full and soft. I dragged my eyes away and pulled myself free of him, clearing my throat and stepping back towards our papers. "Perhaps we should get on," I said, my heart thumping uncomfortably fast.

Tom stayed where he was, watching me.

"Behave yourself," I laughed nervously, "before we do something we'll both regret."

"I wouldn't regret it," he said indignantly.

I stood in the middle of his sitting room, unsure of how to react or what to do or what not to do. He was beside me in two steps, his hand reaching for my hair, his lips moving towards mine. He kissed me once, briefly, hesitantly, pulling back to check my reaction. I could only stare at his mouth as the room started to spin slowly around us. Tom lowered his mouth onto mine and slowly slipped his tongue between my lips. He slid his arms around me and pulled me into him, pressing my body against his as he kissed me long and hard. My mind whirled with panic about cheating on my husband, doing this with a client, being unprofessional, but I was paralysed by heat and sensation as I melted with lust.

His hands began to wander as we kissed, sliding up and down my body, carefully brushing my breasts until my nipples sprang to attention. He thumbed them softly and I couldn't help but moan against his mouth and tongue. I rotated my hips against his groin and could feel he was erect.

We were panting now, clutching at one another, crushing lips and tongues and bodies together. He slid his hands under my shirt and lifted - I raised my arms and allowed him to pull it over my head. He reached back to awkwardly unclip my bra, staring for a moment in fascination at my 34G's before closing his mouth over a nipple and teasing it with his tongue. I clutched at his shaven head as the sensations gripped me, electricity crackling from my nipples to my pussy where I was growing increasingly wet.

I tugged at his shirt until buttons popped in every direction, pushing it over his shoulders and down his arms until he was bare-chested before me. I traced kisses across his collarbone and he groaned slightly as I reached for his belt buckle. I undid his jeans and pushed them down his thighs, as he unzipped my skirt and let it fall to the floor, leaving me in nothing but my black thong.

I sank to my knees in front of him, helping him to step out of his jeans as I eyed the wet looking bulge in his boxer shorts. Slowly, gently, I eased his shorts over his hips, revealing his cock. It was beautiful, smooth and circumcised and standing out proudly at a good 7 inches. The bulging head oozed pre-cum. I looked up at him and lowered my lips to his cock, floating my tongue around the head and tasting his salty fluid. He moaned and moved his hips towards me, pushing more of his meat into my mouth. I sucked him gently, sweeping my tongue around his shaft and coating his juicy prick with saliva. It slipped easily in and out of my mouth, and I caressed his buttocks with both hands as I allowed him to fuck my throat deeply.

"Stop, stop," he said hoarsely, suddenly pulling away. He grabbed my hands and pulled me to my feet, pressing my lips to his and pushing his tongue into my mouth as if to taste his own cockmeat. He slipped a hand easily between my legs, stroking the cotton of my thong and making me moan with excitement. I could feel my clit throbbing. His fingers slowly, deliberately, moved the material to one side, exposing my shaven pussy. He softly ran a finger between my swollen lips, feeling for my juices, then raised his fingers to my mouth for me to taste. Then he gently reached down again and slipped two fingers inside me, pumping them gently in and out of my cunt until my knees threatened to give way. I stroked his cock softly, feeling the wetness of the head and the hardness of him, longing for him to fuck me.

Tom went down onto one knee to watch his fingers fucking me, then he leaned forward and nuzzled his face between my legs. I cried out as he spread his tongue across my clit, my cunt tightening around his sliding fingers. He smoothed some of my juice up and around my asshole and softly started to probe at it, until he was thrusting a finger deeply into my rectum while he finger fucked my cunt and massaged my clit with his tongue.

Just as I thought I'd died and gone to heaven, he stopped and stood up. We kissed again, laughing together, before he gently turned me around and pushed me towards the sofa. Obediently I stepped over our discarded clothes and bent over the arm of the chair, tossing my long hair over my shoulder and looking back at him as I exposed my dripping pussy to my client. Tom's big, juicy erection stood out rigidly from his body, straining towards me as he approached from behind.

I moaned as he pressed the head of his prick against me, spreading my lips and causing more juices to leak from me and soak his cock. He reached down to rub my clit gently, moistening his fingers once more with my pussy juice and working it up the crack of my ass. He increased the pressure and with a sudden thrust his thick cock plunged deeply into my wet cunt, just as he worked a finger up my ass. He started to move his hips rhythmically, groaning as he fucked me. I felt mad with lust and felt every inch of his cock as it worked in and out of me, the finger pushing into my ass painful yet pleasurable at the same time. I was moaning loudly now, and found myself reaching down to rub my swollen clit. I barely had to circle it more than a couple of my times with my finger before I could feel my pussy tighten around his cock. 

"Tom," I gasped, "I'm gonna come!" I stopped rubbing my clit and gripped the arm of the sofa, pushing my hips back to receive his cock more deeply into my spasming cunt. I bit down on my lip but hardly kept from yelling as my orgasm ripped through me, feeling Tom's juicy prick plunging into my gripping muscles and his finger working my asshole as I came. Juices squirted from me, soaking his cock and balls as I totally lost control.

Only Tom's hand's around my hips stopped me from collapsing as I recovered. He was still rock hard and fucking my twitching pussy as I leaned against the sofa, panting. He abruptly pulled out and moved round so he was standing in front of me again, offering up his gleaming cock to my lips.

"Do you want to come in my mouth?" I asked him huskily, closing my hand around his wet shaft and cradling his cock on my tongue. He smiled down at me, breathing hard.

"Not yet," he said, stroking my cheek and pushing my hair back from my face.

"Suck me again, just for a minute. You have a great mouth for sucking cock."

Obligingly I sucked his full length back into my mouth, tasting his saltiness and the sweetness of my own pussy. I watched his face as the head of his prick touched the back of my throat, never allowing myself to gag. He closed his eyes as I deep throated him, loving the sensation of his male meat fucking my mouth. I felt his cock throb and swell as I brought him dangerously close, then eased him out of my mouth. I gave him a few seconds then closed my lips around him once more, sucking and teasing him with my tongue until he swelled in my mouth and I released him again.

I moved to a sitting position on the sofa and he knelt in front of me. He pushed a hand between my legs and fingered my well-fucked cunt a little, stroking and rubbing until my clit had swollen and I was panting once more. Then he put his hands behind my knees and spread my legs wide apart, watching in fascination as my pussy leaked juice down onto his leather sofa.

"Fuck me," I begged him, "Fuck me hard."

His straining prick was positioned directly in front of my wanton cunt. With one move of his hips his cock once again plunged into my pussy. He sank all the way to the bottom until his balls rested against my ass. He stared down into my eyes as he filled me up with his cockmeat, eventually pulling all the way out until just the head of his cock was resting inside me.

"You want to be fucked hard?" he asked. 

"Yes," I gasped.

He positioned himself more comfortably on his knees, pulled my legs over his shoulders then started fucking my pussy with long, firm, deep strokes. He steadily increased the tempo until his cock was ramming into me so hard I could barely breathe. I could feel everything tightening as he fucked me so ruthlessly, and cried out in pain as he put all his weight behind his thrusts. I was getting well and truly fucked by one of my own clients and I was loving it.

Gradually he slowed as he neared his orgasm, his sweat dripping down onto my tits. His prick swelled inside me.

"Come for me again sweetheart," he muttered, allowing one of my legs to fall to one side as he reached to thumb my clit. His cock felt rigid and huge as he pumped my pussy slowly, massaging my clit and watching me.

My whole body tensed again as I felt my second orgasm building. I held my breath and then allowed myself to explode, my cunt walls clamping around his rigid prick. Tom groaned and grasped my hips, plunging his cock into me as deep as he could go as he started to spurt. Jet after jet of hot creamy come filled me up, his still hard cock continuing to fuck me and forcing his come to run out of my pussy.

Tom seemed to come forever, finally slipping out of me when he was spent. He sat between my legs, smiling contentedly and playing with my clit and pussy as his thick, ropey cream dribbled out between my swollen lips.

"I really must play the vulnerable, confused boyfriend more often........"