 "Oh that feels good." Steve Fox said to himself as he stroked his hard cock.

Normally, sitting in the large boardroom of the brokerage house where he worked was the last place he would've considered masturbating. If things had gone the way he'd originally planned, the 19 year old mailroom clerk would've instead been up in the main conference room pounding the hell out of his new girlfriend Tammy. 

He'd planned tonight's encounter for weeks. The 34th floor conference room, which as a mail clerk he had the keys, was a great place to take a date. It had four oversized couches and a giant room length window that faced New York Harbor. On a Friday night like tonight, even the cleaning crew was gone by nine. 

Everything was ready, he had his tape player with the right music. Wine and munchies chilled and heated up in the kitchenette. It sure beat checking into a cheap motel.

No girl he had ever brought up there had failed to put out. Tammy would've been no exception. The only flaw in his plan was that unknown to him, Tammy's best friend was Rhonda Jo Zuckerman. And Rhonda had been Steve's guest two months before. 

How was he to know that Rhonda and Tammy would have lunch together this afternoon. Or that Tammy would mention her date that evening. So much for a night of passion. 

When Tammy hadn't shown up at 09:30 like she promised, Steve called her house. He was not so politely told that she had no wish to become another notch on his couch.

Which brought him to his current plight. Still horny and with no place to go, Steve had remember old man Fergeson's dirty book collection hidden in the bottom draw of his desk. He was always forgetting to lock the desk and tonight proved no exception. It wasn't long before he had a major league hard on.

Soon with only the gentle hum of the sign line still showing the closing prices of various stocks for company, Steve leaned back in Fergeson's oversized padded chair and began to flip thought the old man's latest acquisition of teen age nudes from Europe. 

"Damn this stuff is hot!" Steve said as he looked at one particular big breasted blonde.

Finishing the book of underage beauties, Steve quickly reached into the draw for another. This one was better than the first, consisting of dozens of graphic color photos of various sexual acts. Couples, threesomes, and even lesbians in action. Steve wondered of he could get away with taking this book home with him.

By the time Steve unzipped his pants and let his cock burst free, he was sure that it was going to explode with the slightest touch. Gently he began to stroke it, closing his eyes and imagining himself in the magazine spread out on the desk. 

"Oh Baby, yes...." He murmured as he ran his closed fist up and down his engorged cock.

The blonde haired boy could feel the coming explosion building in his balls. He slowed down his motions, wanting to savor every moment. A small drop of precum covered his cockhead, a harbinger of what was to come.

Wanting to see the photos one more time, Steve spun around in the chair and opened his eyes. 

"Holy Shit!" Steve cried out as he jumped up in the chair, dropping his cock.

Standing at the edge of the desk was one of the cleaning ladies. Steve had seen her on many late nights, pushing her cleaning cart from office to office. But he had always ignored her, he didn't even know her name.

Her name was Elisabeth Drechsler. Although she looked much older, she was only 37 years old. Born in what was once East Germany, she had come to this country three years ago. A stocky, heavyset woman who wore her brown hair pulled back in a bun, she had been cleaning officers for all of those three years.

Steve sat there unmoving. How long had she been standing there? Was there anyway he could explain this? Would she report him? 

As those questions flashed through his mind, Steve looked down and noticed that the wastepaper baskets hadn't been emptied. She was running real late tonight.

The clock on the wall ticked onward as the two of them stood like statues. Steve was afraid to say anything. He was hoping that she would just turn and leave. 

It was then that the young man realized that she wasn't staring at him per se, she was totally riveted at the sight of his now shrinking cock. 

If Steve had been totally shocked by the sudden appearance of the cleaning woman, what she did next was enough to give him heart failure. Stepping closer to him, still not saying a word, Elisabeth reached over and took his now withered cock in her hand. Gently, she began to stroke it, bringing it back to life.

Looking up at her, Steve saw a wide smile on her face. Despite her appearance, her touch actually felt pretty nice. As nice in fact as that of any of his girlfriends. It wasn't long before he was once again hard as a rock.

While the woman played with his cock, Steve took a long look at her face. She was a lot younger than he'd realized, probably younger than his own mother. The gray that streaked her hair and the lines in her face were the result of a life a lot harder than Steve could imagine.

"My name is Steve." He said as he shifted uneasily in his seat, wondering what she would do next. 

"Lisa" She replied in a heavily accented voice.

"That feels nice." He said for lack of anything else to say, wondering how much English she really understood.

"Nice." She repeated as she continued to stroke his cock.

The mail clerk laughed to himself as he thought about the situation. He gets stood up by his girlfriend and winds up getting jerked off by one of the cleaning women. All in all, it could be worse. She was doing a great job of it. He leaned back and closed his eyes, blotting out everything but her gentle caress.

The twin shocks of the last ten minutes were nothing compared to the one that Steve now got as Elisabeth bent over and took his swollen cock into her mouth. 

A sudden warm wetness engulfed his cock, causing Steve's eyes to spring open. To his astonishment, Elisabeth had taken him whole and was now sucking it with vigor. Steve felt the sensation of her sucking down to his toes. It didn't take long before he knew he was going to burst. 

He was so close it hurt. The older woman clamped her fingers around the base of his cock, preventing him from ejaculating. Every lick of her tongue, every time she mouth him whole, caused Steve to feel like he was going to explode. But it was such a wonderful feeling.

Finally he knew that he wouldn't be able to hold back much longer. He wondered what her reaction to a mouth full of cum would be. Because if she kept going like she was, that was exactly what she was going to get.

Elisabeth felt the tensing of his young body and knew from experience that he was about ready to climax. She let him slip from her mouth and quickly pulled him from his chair.

"Quickly." She said in the same heavily accented English.

Leaning over the desk and pulling up the back of her dress, she gave no doubt as to what she wanted. Without thinking about it, Steve pulled aside her plain white panties and plunged his cock right on it.

"God she's tight!" Steve thought as he felt the walls of her pussy wrap around his manhood.

The tightness eased a little after a few minutes of pumping as she became more and more lubricated. Yet even then, she was still what Steve and his friends would call a first class fuck. She was really getting into it, meeting each of his thrusts with one of her own. 

When at first he'd grabbed her waist to keep a good grip on her, Lisa had lifted his hands and placed them atop her massive breasts. She wore no bra and invited him to play with her nipples through the uniform. 

Their copulation didn't last very long as Steve exploded with a vengeance, sending his hot seed into her. The climax had been more intense than it have ever been with any of his girlfriends. Even more than the one he'd had with the hooker his brother had set him up with on his 18th birthday. The sensation had left his legs wobbly. Who wouldn't believed this cleaning lady could've brought such a response.

Steve continued to pump away long after his balls had been emptied, until his cock began to soften. He knew she hadn't climaxed, and strangely enough for the first time he could remember, he actually cared about that 

Taking a step back away from her, Steve watched as Elisabeth lifted herself off the desk and straightened out her dress. He couldn't tell anything from the expression on her face. She reached out and cradled his now shriveled organ, covered with a messy mix of juices. Producing a paper towel from her apron, she wiped him clean.

Then, without comment, the cleaning woman emptied the wastepaper basket and just pushed her cart down the aisle. Leaving behind a greatly bewildered young man.

Steve waited until she was off the floor before he left. It was going to take him some time to sort out what had happened. If nothing else, he was no longer going to make a value judgment about a person simply based on how they looked. 

End 

(c) Ann Douglas 1996