 It had been a long week of work, and I was ready to fly home to Nashville. I'd already been at the airport for hours. Despite efforts to streamline NSA regs, it was still taking time to get through the lines. Unfortunately, I was so focused on my frustrations with the lines, I had not been paying attention to the weather outdoors. What had started as light flurries when I had arrived at the airport was now a full blown winter storm. My first warning came when flights started being listed as delayed or cancelled. I was sitting in the waiting area for my flight when the word came. My flight was delayed--indefinitely.

An airport employee came in. "Sorry, folks. This storm is shutting us down. Because you folks were ready for departure, we've made arrangements for hotel rooms for all of you. If you will follow me." Someone asked about luggage, and we were told that it would be delivered to our hotel rooms.

They loaded us into limos. The streets were already slippery, but the driver took his time. My limo and three others pulled up in front of the Sheraton, and we all went inside. When I came to the desk, the young woman handed me a room card. "Your wife is already there." 

"My wife?" I said, but she was already talking to the next person in line. My room was 403. I took the elevator, walked down to the room, and opened the door. Walking inside, I saw a woman with her back to me, half undressed. 

"Oh, my god," I said as she turned around to see me. "I'm so sorry. They must have given me the wrong room key."

At my first words, she had grabbed a blouse from the bed and held it to her. "Who are you?" she said.

"So, sorry. I'm Bill Johnson. My flight was cancelled and the airlines put me up in this hotel. They must have made some mistake."

"It's ok," she said. "You just startled me. In fact, I remember seeing you at the airport. I'm Kat Johnson--oh, that must explain the confusion."

"Listen," I said. "I'll go downstairs and get this straightened out." I turned to leave.

"Wait," she said. "Why don't you just call down there. I'll just go in the bathroom and make myself presentable." She giggled.

"Well, ok." She slipped past me, and I sat on the bed to call the front desk.

I was still arguing with the woman at the desk when Kat came back in. "What's up?"

I put my hand over the mouthpiece. "No more rooms. Between the storm and the airport passengers, they haven't any space available. And, it doesn't look like I can get a room in another hotel."

Kat frowned, then said, "Tell them you will work it out."

I wasn't getting anywhere with the desk, so I did as she asked, and then hung up.

"There are two beds," Kat said. "There's no reason why we can't be adult about this. Besides," she giggled, "we are married after all."

I protested, but the truth was, I was tired, and the thought of sleeping on a chair in the hotel lobby did not appeal to me, so, I gave in.

"So, Kat, where were you going when our plans were changed."

"Home to Austin after a layover in Nashville. You?"

"Nashville and then home to Murfreesboro. Do you usually go through Nashville to Austin?"

"The Chicago flights were already cancelled. I re-booked for Nashville when I arrived at the airport."

We talked some more, then decided to order in some food. Kat insisted on paying, so I offered to cover the minibar. After eating--and drinking several bottles from the minibar, I found myself falling into Kat's blue eyes. By now we were sitting side by side on one of the beds. Kat put her hand on my thigh and leaned her head on my shoulder. Her hair smelled wonderful, and I took a deep breath.

"I think I may have drunk too much," I said.

"I KNOW I did," Kat said, and she kissed me, mouth open, tongue pressing against my lips.

I gave into the kiss, my tongue exploring her mouth as hers explored mine. I felt my heart pounding. Then I pulled back.

"Sorry," I said, "I shouldn't be doing this."

"Me, either," she said. Then she reached out a hand and stroked my beard. "But I don't care." 

She kissed me again, a long slow kiss that lasted until we both were breathless. I began kissing and nuzzling her neck until I reached her ear, licking and nibbling her earlobe. I sighed into her ear, and I felt the goosebumps on her arm.

I began massaging her breasts while she rubbed my hard cock through my pants. Suddenly, she rolled me over on the bed, stretching herself over me and dry humping me until she came, her face flushed, eyes closed, her hips gyrating against me. As her movements slowed, I slowly turned until she was lying on the bed beside me. I kissed her lightly on the nose, and she opened her eyes.

"More," she said. "I want you inside me."

I slipped off the bed, facing her as I unbuttoned my shirt, then unfastened my belt. I slowly unfastened my slacks, sliding the zipper down. I kicked off my shoes and slid my socks off my feet as I slowly lowered my slacks. My hard cock bulged in my boxer briefs. 

Kat lay on the bed, watching me, her breath coming in short pants. 

I stepped out of my slacks, then slowly, carefully, slid my boxer briefs over my cock and let them fall to my feet. Then I stepped out of them.

I came around the bed to her side, her eyes following me. As I came nearer, she reached out one hand for my cock, then slid her hand under my scrotum to slowly stroke me.

I reached down and began unfastening her blouse, opening it wide. Then I unbuttoned her skirt, folding it back. She lay there on her clothing, focused on my cock and balls, slowly stroking each. 

I leaned over and kissed the warm scallops of her flesh above her bra. She raised up slightly, and I reached behind her with one hand, and with thumb and forefinger, carefully undid the hooks of her bra. I slid her arms, one at a time out of the sleeves of her blouse and straps of her bra.

Then I leaned over her again and kissed the soft flesh around her belly button. Kat's body was warm. She arched her hips, and my soft beard brushed her belly as I moved down toward the upper edge of her panties. For a few moments, I just brushed my face against her panties while she arched against my face, her eyes begging me to continue.

I took the edge of her panties in my teeth, and slowly, carefully, slid them down, my soft beard brushing against her bush and pussy, as I pulled them down her thighs before taking my hands to slide them the rest of the way off.

Kat opened her legs, arching her back again. I leaned over her, gently kissing her mound, then moving slowly, kissing my way over her clit, over the open lips of her pussy, then slowly back again until, reaching her clit, I let my tongue slide lightly over it.

Kat moaned, arching her hips higher, pressing herself against my face. I licked her pussy lips, slipping my tongue inside, and when I did, she grabbed my head, pressing my face hard against her, rubbing my face back and forth against her until my beard was wet with her juices, and suddenly she was coming again, moaning helplessly, my face pressed hard against her.

When her movements slowed, I stood up and walked to the head of the bed. Bending down, my face wet with her pleasure, I kissed her lightly on the lips. Her mouth was loose and open, her eyes glazed, unfocused.

I made my way on to the bed. My cock was hard, and wet now, and leaning over her, my legs between hers, I slowly lowered myself into her hot, wet pussy, my cock slipping in slowly, a tiny bit at a time, until I was deep inside her, and rocking against her, pushing myself as deeply into her as I could while kissing her breasts and licking her nipples. 

I could feel my cock stretching, curving upward inside her. If she could have seen it, the head would have been bright purple, enlarged and glossy, the tip wet with precum. 

I began moving in and out of her, slowly at first, then faster, feeling my own orgasm building, as though I could feel the semen working its way to the tip of my cock and begging to escape. 

Then, I couldn't hold back any more. I moaned, loudly, my cock pulsing, filling her with my hot cum, and, unbelievably, I could feel her orgasm pulsing in rhythm with mine, pulling my cock inside her, taking me in, taking my cum in, and she moaned, her voice deep, in rhythm with my own cries of pleasure.

We were both exhausted. I lay on her for awhile, my cock still hard within her, but the erection beginning to ease, and after a few moments, my now limp cock slid from her wet pussy.

The bed was a mess, covered in our mutual pleasure, as was her skirt, still beneath her. I leaned to the side, and we lay there for a few minutes, both of us on our sides, just looking at each others. Her eyes were still dark with her pleasure, her face flushed, her breath easing now, slowing. We almost fell asleep like that, but then, one of us moved, and the moment passed.

I slipped off the bed while Kat slipped off the other side, holding her skirt against her to keep the flood of our passion from spilling onto the floor. Kat giggled. "I think I need a shower."

"I think I do, too."

"Then come with me," she said, and I did, coming inside her as we stood in the shower, the warm, soapy water running over our bodies, our hands exploring every inch of our bodies that we could reach.

When we finished, we towelled off, and both of us slipped naked into my bed since sleeping in the other bed was now hopeless. We fell asleep, wrapped in each others arms.

I woke in the morning with my limp cock rising as Kat sucked on it.

"So, finally, sleepy head. I thought I was going to have to massage this all day."

By now my cock was hard and already throbbing. Kat took my cock into her mouth, her lips loose around it, then slid it out, her tongue riding over it. The pace of her movements quickened, and, at times, she slipped my cock completely from her mouth and slowly licked it from scrotum to head before taking it back in her mouth. Other times, she stroked it slowly while she took my balls into her mouth, first one, gently sucking, then the other, gently sucking, then both, pulling back slightly as her hand moved more quickly over me.

I arched my back, and she slid me back into her mouth, moving faster now, sucking harder, stroking my balls as she sucked and slid me in and out, until I exploded in her mouth.

As my cock slowly eased, she licked it clean, sucking every bit of cum. "After all," she said. "We may need to use this bed again after breakfast."